“Thanks, man. I knew you’d get it. It’d just be too uncomfortable now, you know? Sleeping and getting changed and crap? People need to be able to have a space to themselves where they can go without feeling like they’re being stared at and sexualized.”
Dean hadn’t mentioned the things Castiel had said to summon the Empty. He had rushed in to save Castiel and then done all he could to make sure his newly human friend felt safe. Perhaps, Castiel allowed himself to think, even though he knew it was foolish, perhaps that would be the end of it. And he would be allowed to remain in this group the Winchester brothers called family. They would protect each other and fight God and if they somehow managed to win, they would all take a vacation together. Dean had seemed so genuine when he spoke of how he wanted to help Castiel enjoy being human- how he had wanted to do so years ago but hadn’t had the opportunity. Surely he wouldn’t say those things if Castiel had damaged their friendship irreparably with his confession.
Jack appeared before them in an instant.
His thoughts were cut off as another jolt of pain shot through him. After, he felt weak and vaguely sick. Fading. Dean was fading. “Jack, please, I know you don’t want to interfere. But he’s dying. Please, Jack, he finally has a chance to live.”
But it was good.
“Hello, Miracle,” Castiel greeted with complete sincerity. “Thank you for taking care of Dean.” Miracle turned to lick Castiel’s face as well.
And so he went to the small party hosted by Dean’s friend Benny and it was loud and crowded and there was too much alcohol involved and they were playing stupid party games and now Castiel was going to lose Dean forever. Because of a stupid college party.
Dean stood to leave, but Castiel stuck out a hand to stop him. He had gone from feeling crushed to utterly confused. Dean’s words didn’t make sense, but he didn’t seem angry, so Castiel felt that he had to at least try to make sense of the situation. “I don’t understand, Dean. I feel like we’re having two different conversations.”
He forced himself to stop at that, taking deep gulps of air and waiting for Cas to answer, praying that he hadn’t already completely screwed this up.
Dean pulled the car over.
“But it’s Dean!” Castiel tried to keep his voice level, but he could feel that he was close to shouting. He loved being in Heaven- loved being given the opportunity to help make Heaven what it always should have been. But Jack had been his son, and now he was somehow his... Father? Everyone’s Father? His superior, at least. It was hard to wrap his mind around that sometimes. What right did an Angel have to challenge the will of the Lord?
Castiel was absolutely terrified on his first day of school at Lawrence Elementary. He was shy at the best of times, and the difficulties in his family that had driven them to Lawrence in the first place only made it worse. Adding to that the fact that he was starting school in the middle of the year, the nine year old was utterly overwhelmed.
“You’re telling me! Dude, I didn’t think that you felt like that about anyone, but especially not me. And this is in no way what I thought tonight was going to look like. But, hey Cas?”
Cas, who took a deep breath and stepped away from Dean, his gaze focused intently on the floor. “Dean, I-”
“Anyway, I’m going to go to the RA tomorrow and ask if I can get a different room tomorrow, if that’s cool with you?”
, he leaned in for a kiss. It was short and soft and somehow the greatest kiss of Dean’s life. This was perfect. This was home. This was finally getting to live.
“Yeah you better be sorry.” Dean knew he still sounded angrier that he intended and tried to find some sort of calm before he spoke again. He raised his hand to run it through his hair, and that’s when he noticed Castiel’s bloody handprint on his sleeve. Yeah, calm didn’t appear to be an option right now. “Why the hell was that your play, man? Summon a cosmic entity to drag you to super mega Hell for Angels, and bank on the chance it’ll take Billie too?”
Castiel waited a long moment before realizing that Jack had nothing else to add to his statement. “What’s wrong? I feel the pain, but you can see them. Jack, what happened?”
“Could we please just forget about it, Dean?” Castiel blurted, staring determinedly out the window. He knew that wouldn’t work. It was stupid to even ask. But Dean had said that he could stay, had talked about showing him nice things about being human. If there was a chance that he could preserve some sort of a friendship with Dean…
Halfway through the eight hour drive, Dean turned down the music. Castiel braced himself. Dean had been kind at first, of course he had. But the words that Castiel had said in the dungeon were gnawing at Dean, perhaps the implications were only now sinking in, and eventually-
“Yeah, I remember that,” Dean said softly. Almost… reverently. “I know I’ve been really awful at showing it over the years, but that’s always meant something to me. Like, no matter all the shit that I do wrong, I’ve still got this amazing being of celestial intent who thinks I’m kind of okay, so maybe I’m not a total lost cause.” He was joking, that self-deprecating humor that he so often used in situations that made him uncomfortable, but Castiel could tell that Dean also very much meant his words.
“Are you okay?” Dean asked, more gently. “I mean, does it hurt?”
The one that makes her go, ooh
DJ please don't let me down
Castiel hadn’t hesitated like this. Less than an hour ago, he’d laid out his heart before Dean to keep him safe, and he’d been happy about it. So happy it nearly killed him. This shouldn’t be so hard. No, he corrected himself. This
But Cas loved him, didn’t he? Or, had loved him a few weeks ago, before Dean had completely blown his shot at the one chick flick moment he always wished he could have. Maybe Cas still had enough fondness for him to allow him this?
“All right, spill. What the hell happened?”
Cass naked hadn’t been what he’d expected. Jimmy had kept himself in great shape, probably with running, but it was more than that.
One hundred, eighty-three pounds of hunter was then in Castiel’s arms, his torso being clasped tightly by flannel-clad arms and his nose filled with a scent more familiar and welcome than the ozone of Heaven or the lavender of a healthy bee hive.
“So, what am I supposed to do with that?”
“What are those?” Castiel asked.
Cass put a fingertip on his left thigh, tracing, Dean eventually realized, from faint freckle to freckle. “I know the number of cells in your body, the number of molecules in each cell. I can see the atoms that make you present on this plane. I can see the drip of pre-ejaculate produced by your Cowper’s glands. I can see the needy arch of your back, the involuntary dilation of your needy hole, the way you want me to slide myself inside you and fill you up.”
“Cass?”
“After we finish washing the car,” Sam said, picking up the hose and rinsing off the hood.
“Good morning, Cass,” Dean said, opening his eyes to the comfortably crappy motel room, with its green-gold cheap wallpaper and sort-of matching comforters. The one on the other bed—
The angel knew there were all manner of subtleties about Mary’s relationships with her sons, and he could not pretend to understand how bizarre and disorienting her life was. He did love her himself, and he knew she loved Sam and Dean. Still, he wished she felt more comfortable being around them all. Dean and Sam’s feelings of loss and confusion regarding her were painful to behold.
“Dean.” Cass tried to lift his legs, but they weren’t responding very well. “You can be inside me, if you want.”
“Because I’m an angel of the Lord.”
“Cass?” It was the softest I had ever heard him say my name.
Cass closed his mouth, then scratched his back some more. Finally, he said, “It’s an angelic instinct exacerbated by Famine’s influence.”
Dean too a second.
“What?” Sam said, sitting up in bed and blinking as Dean stood up straight, crossed his arms, and glared at him with open anger. “What?” he repeated.
“I’m just an angel, Jack. Whenever I’ve lost track of that, tragedy has ensued.”
“You don’t do that, Dean.”
But Dean shook his head. “No, you said you were at a loss about something.”
“That’s about seven hours,” Dean said. “We leave in ten.”
After to-go coffee, toast, and bacon for Dean and absolutely nothing from Cass, the angel asked, “Are you ready to go home now?”
Looking down at his latest list, it bothered him that there was so much about sex in it. Sex wasn’t the point here. Well, it sort of was, in that Dean could never be happy the way Sam wanted him to be happy in a relationship without it.
Sam sighed in frustration.
He nodded, once, rather stiffly. “A brother.”
Sam didn’t see much future in Dean-as-angel, either.
He also got no interaction when he plucked idly at the strings, following the math a bit, thinking of his muse (Dean, obviously), and delighting in the uncertainty. They weren’t compositions. Angels didn’t make new things like that. But they were pretty enough and oddly made him feel better about what Inias had called his “human weakness.”
“You from around here?” Jerry asked a few minutes in.
Sam shrugged. “Believe me, I got no idea.”
Wally agreed.
“The Shadow?” Sam asked.
“Touch me.”
Why hadn’t Dean been together romantically with that fantasy Pamela? She was totally Dean’s type.
“In short, and this is in spite of the many occult items on the ship, I could sense nothing out of the ordinary, which means either everything is all right and Rowena was wrong—”
“I had thought you understood that my angelic power is at a low ebb because of the state of Heaven,” I said. “I know this has made me much less valuable as a member of the team, but I—”
“Well, that explains the puppy-lovers that Cupid shot up.”
“It wasn’t that far.”
“Dean!” Cass said, actually sounding annoyed. “When you have to tend to someplace indelicate, do you really want to discuss it with others?”
Dean looked at him.
,  and then he shook his head, took a breath, and continued, “You’re a guy, right? I mean, deep down at the base. You’re a guy, right?”
OK, Dean couldn’t deny he whimpered that time.
“I overwhelmed you.”
“Worth the wait?”
Dean shrugged off his hand and got behind the wheel, which made his ass protest again. They didn’t talk in the car. Castiel stared out the window, and Dean put on a tape without looking at the label and just let it play over and over.
Dean waited until she was barely out of earshot, then leered at him. “Oh, dude, she is into you.”
Dean is a highly sexualized human, but unlike most of them, I have observed from our social interactions that he is not just considerate of his partners, but sexually dependent upon them.
“I know I did. Look.” It took about everything he had, but Dean put his hand on Castiel’s shoulder, right over that trench coat where it seemed like he should have a matching handprint. “You’re my best friend. You know that, right?”
Sam listened avidly, as did Dean, which surprised him. Bowing a little at their applause, he put the instrument back in his pocket.
“What’s going on with you, Cass?”
“We weren’t sure,” Castiel said. “None of the runes they were using was about your death.”
He thought about that, looking around the cabin like Donna’s antlers and old rifles were going to tell him what to do. There was nothing about this moment that he didn’t hate.
He nodded. “We should be safe here for a time.”
“A what now?” Ellen wanted to know.
“Well, OK! Let's track him down and get to chopping.”
In the end, all of the remaining angels in Heaven played. Castiel thought of Sister Jo and her dulcimer, and then of (the real) Ezekiel and his double bass. He remembered Metatron’s mandolin, Samandriel’s banjo, Mirabelle’s tanpura.
“I know you’re in there, Cass,” he said.
“What?” Castiel asked.
“…not what I mean,” they heard Castiel say.
“Oh, now you think you’re being intrusive?” Dean demanded.
“Correct.”
Sam pulled up the pictures of the current entrants on laptop. “There’s three for each fandom, and for
“Cass?”
Castiel’s schedule for reading through the Men of Letters’ archive hit a serious snag. After a simple spell to soundproof his room, the angel had abandoned reading for playing.
Now Dean looked hurt.
Now, as we kissed and he walked me back a few steps to the bed, I knew the places inside were not just filled with Dean, but with myself, with the person I had become once I knew Dean, and Sam, and Charlie, and Bobby, and Jody, and Claire—lovely, damaged, fierce Claire. I had become a community, and every voice inside me clamored for Dean in its own tone.
Dean reared back with another look of disbelief, then shuddered and came all over them both himself.
“Why?”
Dean’s face softened at last. “Now I want that. I want to twine around you like music, learn as much as I can about your wings and everything else that makes you an angel. I want to keep fighting with you at my side. I want to come back from a hunt when I’m pumped up out of my mind and screw you senseless. I want—” He closed his eyes on a frustrated exhale and leaned closer to me so the warmth of him increased. “I want everything, OK? Cass, damn it. I want it all.”
Castiel nodded.
“Dean, what are you talking about?” Castiel asked- begged? shrieked? He wasn’t sure. He felt that he was inching close to hysteria and wondered vaguely if Dean had already beaten him there.
“I don’t think that common tropes of courting aptly encompass the depths of the bond we share, or what I hope our relationship could be,” Castiel replied bluntly.
“Me too!” For the first time, Dean’s eager happiness faded from his face. “But, you’re staying forever too, right? You’re not going to be like me and Sammy moving around all the time, are you?”
“But honestly? I don’t want to go. And that’s the first time in a long time I can say that. It’s been good here. Just normal hunts, vamps and ghosts and crap, the way it used to be. No God, no great evil pulling the strings. Just me and Sammy, hunting monsters. And we’ve got a real home here in the bunker, so it ain’t like before, being on the road all the time. And Sam’s seeing Eileen and they’re really happy. I got a dog. His name is Miracle. You’d really like him, Cas.
Hey, play that song
Now, Castiel was sad. Sad like Purgatory. Sad like Steve working in a Gas-N-Sip. But also hurt and afraid and… and the very worst- resigned. Resigned like the 2014 that never was. Dean had promised himself he would never let that happen. He had to say something. He had to-
That's all you gotta do
Suddenly, Dean felt very stupid. He turned to Castiel. “You already told him, didn’t you? And you’re just letting me try to explain it like an idiot because you’re terrible.”
Miracle sniffed at his hand, looking for pets. Perhaps he could tell how Dean was feeling, or maybe he just really loved his human and didn’t want to be forgotten. Somehow, it was that that made Dean speak. This dog who had only known him a few weeks on Earth loved him. Sam loved him. Bobby loved him.
But Castiel had returned- though he was still a bit vague on exactly how he'd managed it- and had assured Dean that it wasn't the hunter's fault he had been left behind. Dean had been overjoyed to have his friend back and eagerly anticipated cases when they would require the angel's expertise so they could call on him. Castiel had gone a step further and told the brothers that he wanted to work with them more frequently. In fact, he had announced that he wanted to be their "third wheel".
Dean sighed contentedly as he entered the motel room. Living in the bunker had provided him with a stability he had never before known. Still, as much as he loved having a place to call home, he would always retain a sort of nostalgic fondness for crashing in a cheap room after a job well done.
That’s not to say things didn’t change. Even after Purgatory, some of the tension between Dean and Cas had remained. That was all gone now, and Dean was delighted at how easy it was for them to simply exist together, even if they were fighting a war.
She invited all her friends and I'm buying all the rounds
Jack hadn’t ordered him to go back to Earth. Not that Jack would ever order him to do anything. He had allowed Castiel to remain in Heaven, asking Castiel what parts of it used to be good, working with him on developing strategies to rebuild it better. He still mentioned the Winchesters occasionally, suggesting that perhaps they should stop in some time. “Having a burger certainly shouldn’t count as divine interference,” he’d argued. Castiel had simply ignored him and continued rebuilding the Roadhouse just as Ellen and Jo had remembered it.
Dare: Reenact that time Sir Garth got in a bar fight with a Druid.
Five miles further down the road, Dean lifted their entwined fingers to his lips and brushed a kiss over Castiel’s knuckles. “Is that something you want? Something I should do?”
When you gonna play that song and make my day
“We already have,” Castiel countered. “I love you, Dean.”
Dean nodded. “Once we got back here, everything went to shit. Things with Sam and Ezekiel, and Cas, I will always be so freaking sorry for how all of that went down.”
Riding in the front seat of Baby helped Castiel start to calm down for the first time since Billie had chased them through the Bunker. This was normal. This was what they did.
“Okay,” Sam said carefully. It made sense that Heaven’s rhythm would be so very different, but he still worried that Dean’s long drive was rooted in fear and avoidance more than enjoying the open road. “Should we go say our hellos, then? Together?”
“Cas? Hey, Cas!” Dean’s warm voice pushed through Castiel’s anxiety. “I’m sorry, dude, I didn’t mean to upset you. I know it can be hard to talk about sometimes, and you don’t have to, but I get it, y’know? I had to move a lot because of my family too.”
So yeah, anyway, Dean wasn’t doing great at this whole thing, but he also hadn’t completely fucked up yet. It was actually going as well as it could, given the whole fighting with God problem. They didn’t really have time for there to be major changes in their dynamics. Though they did seem to casually touch more often and maybe Sam had smirked at them for it a few times before getting back to figuring out how to defeat literally God.
As the Empty tugged him harder and harder, and Dean held onto him ever more fiercely, Castiel realized he had made a terrible mistake.
“Next time let’s just rush her, okay? Maybe stab her with your blade instead of yourself?”
“Well, my mom died when Sammy was a baby, and my dad- I guess sometimes things are too messed up even for grown ups to handle. So we moved around a lot and my dad would work different jobs and then he’d mess it up and we’d have to leave again. But my uncle Bobby- he’s not really my uncle but we call him that- well, he didn’t like how much we moved. Said that wasn’t any way for me and Sammy to live, so now we live with him. And we get to stay here forever!”
“Of course I’m not. Dean, I could never be mad at you. But... this is insane.”
“Hey, Cas.” Okay, that was a start. But then… nothing came after it. They stood there staring at each other as they had so many times before. But this was nothing like those times at all.
Thus it was decided that Jack would be fixing Heaven during his brief stint as God as well. Dean, Sam, and Cas returned to the Bunker while Jack left on his quest to repair everything. The first thing he did was bring everyone back, so there were many roadtrips in those first weeks. Visiting Jody and Donna. Meeting up with Claire and Kaia to take out a nest of vampires who wore stupid masks. It was a routine hunt that went off without a hitch, but Dean had been nervous about Cas hunting without his powers. So had Claire, though she pretended not to be. Dean could tell that Castiel had noticed, and it clearly made him glow with happiness. Sam often went away for a few days in a row to visit with Eileen.
This wasn’t how it was supposed to be. Dean knew that this wasn’t something he could ever have, not in a million years in a thousand universes, but if it were to happen that Castiel somehow loved him, finding out about it should be the best thing that ever happened to him. But this was horrid. This was a nightmare.
“Oh,” Dean stated uselessly. He vaguely contemplated that if Sam ever heard about this he would have to move to a new state.
“Dammit, Sam, you trying to blow out my eardrums?” Dean grumbled, blushing.
Castiel took a deep and steadying breath- because he needed to breathe now. Because he was human. Because he’d just very nearly sacrificed his life to save Dean after Dean’s dumb ass had almost killed them both. Dean shook himself from that mental spiral and focused on Cas.
"I call the shower first," Dean declared as he dropped his duffel on one of the beds. The spirit they were hunting had pushed them all around, but it was only Dean who had been pushed into a soot-filled fireplace. Sam had openly snickered and even Castiel seemed amused, laughter dancing through his bright blue eyes.
“I never want you to leave.”
“I said I had to think about it.”
That's all you gotta do (hey, hey, hey, hey)
“I’m fine buddy, I promise. Oh, hey, this is Cas. Cas, this is Miracle.”
“Dean. I’m in Heaven. Jack is... wherever he is, he’s happy. Before he left, we were able to set things right for all the souls who exist here, all the souls who ever will. Yes, I fell for you. And I would do it a thousand times over with no regrets. But in this version of our story, I didn’t even have to lose everything forever. I’m alright, Dean. I was able to bring heaven back to what it was meant to be. I’ve succeeded. Because of you. Because of who you made me.”
“But saying it? That… that’s kind of key. We should probably get better at that.”
Jack was God.
Bobby was right, he told himself. This was the Heaven that he- that everyone- deserved. And he was happy. Of course he was. Why wouldn’t he be? He had everything and everyone he wanted.
When you gonna play that song, now
“I won’t be like Chuck,” he assured them, though Dean honestly needed very little assurance. “I just want to set everything back the way it was supposed to be, and then I won’t use the power anymore. Maybe I can even find a way to disperse it, somehow, and then I can come home.”
Castiel was trembling. Dean reached to card his fingers through his Angel’s messy hair and realized his own hand was shaking too. “No, Cas. I don’t want to forget it. I don’t want you to feel like you’ve gotta hide from me. I just don’t know what to do with it.”
After investigating and exploring and stopping along the way and tracing Chuck and trying to figure out a plan, they finally made it back to the Bunker. Sam had insisted that they take a proper break and get some actual sleep before hitting the books and going back to strategizing.
“You… told him we were a couple and he…”
“Do you mind that Sam knows? I know you hadn’t told him yet, and I wasn’t sure if-”
Sam sighed. “Maybe because he assumes that whatever it is, you don’t want to talk about it. Come on, Dean, you know how to get in touch with him if you want.” He sighed again and looked down at his lap, fiddling with the car keys. “You almost died today, Dean. For real. On a pretty basic hunt. In our lives, it’s really stupid to leave things unsaid. Because something could happen to us at any time. Look, I’m not going to try to put words to whatever it is you guys have between you. But it’s important. It’s something that matters so much to the both of you. We’re free now, Dean. Free to live whatever lives we want. We have a place we call home and we know where all our friends are. We call them sometimes just to say hi. You have a dog. This is all so great. And you’re miserable.” Dean didn’t even try to argue. “You’re always sad when he’s not here, and thinking that he’s been trapped in the Empty all this time has been eating you up. He’s back. He’s safe. And clearly still watching out for us. Just talk to him.” He got out of the car without bothering to wait for a reply he knew he wouldn’t get.
“Oh,” breathed Castiel, because he didn’t know what else to say. Apparently his silence made Dean worried, because he gave Castiel a little shake and spoke again.
Mister, please don't let me down
“Thought you just said you don’t read my mind,” Dean mumbled.
But again, Dean forced himself away from that train of thought. He could freak out later. He could over-analyze every part of Castiel’s completely insane speech later. Right now the priority was Cas. Cas, who was newly human, and flinching away.
“What is it you needed, Dean? I hope you’ve found Heaven to your liking.”
“Of course I would have told you! Dammit, Sammy, if I had known that Cas wasn’t stuck in some cosmic timeout, of course I would have-”
Dean’s head snapped up and he stared at Bobby, wide eyed. “When did you start thinking that I-?”
He drove to a field a little way away from the Roadhouse, a little farther away from John and Mary’s house. If this was going to happen, they were not getting interrupted halfway through. The field was full of wildflowers and buzzing with bees. He’d often thought of Castiel when he drove past it.
“He doesn’t feel that way,” Castiel answered, even though for once he slightly agreed with Dean’s criticism of himself. “And Jack is very loving and forgiving. You can easily make it up to him if you think there’s something to make up for.”
“I love you!” Dean blurted. Shouted? He hoped he hadn’t shouted. “Cas, I’m so sorry, when you said it I was just focused on you not getting killed and then we were talking about what exactly you meant and then we were with Sam and Jack and trying to find out what happened to everyone and I didn’t say it. But I love you, Cas, I love you so damn much.”
“Every time you go, it kills me, Cas. But I’m just some guy and you’re an Angel of the Lord and how dare I ask you to stay? It’s like asking you to quit your job and spend all your time with your pet mice. And sometimes you leave because you have better things to do and sometimes you leave because you think you’re doing the right thing and sometimes you leave because you’re dead and I just can’t take it anymore. If you’d died today, Cas- if that thing had taken you- I don’t know what I would have done. I think maybe I would have just never gotten up off that floor. You want to stay? You got it. I’m sorry you didn’t know that.” Dean took a deep, shaky breath and continued. “What else do you want?”
No, that was Dean who was crying, and he hated himself that he couldn’t even bring himself to try to stop. He just sat there on the edge of his bed, mouth open, tears flowing down his face, and staring at the celestial being that had once again come to his rescue, even after he’d proved Castiel wrong yet again.
“Sounds awesome, Sammy,” Dean agreed, slapping his little brother on the back before heading toward Baby.
“Sorry, sorry, but oh my god, guys. Finally! You have no idea how agonizing it was to watch you!” Dean wondered vaguely if it was appropriate to pray to Jack to make him disappear. “Oh, this is great, when did it happen?”
Jack stared placidly at Castiel as they both felt Dean Winchester’s strength ebbing away. If he was to be saved, divine intervention would have to come quickly.
Clearly, something that Dean said had caused Castiel’s newly human brain to short-circuit. This was enough, more than enough, and should be enough to satisfy Dean’s questions as well. He should have just said that was all he wanted, or said he wanted Dean to hurry up and get them to Sam and Jack.
“I’m not going to yell at you!” Dean snapped indignantly. “Hell, none of this is your fault, Cas. I yelled at Sammy, though. If he wants to embarrass his big brother because he’s an annoying bitch, whatever, but he shouldn’t have dragged you into it.”
But how could he explain all of that to a socially clueless, infinitely old being?
“Yes you do. You just gotta say it.”
He closed the door and sat on the edge of the bed. Miracle sat next to him and pressed his fluffy head against Dean’s leg. Dean sighed and scratched the dog behind his ears. “Yeah, buddy, I’m okay. I gotta just do it, I guess. Been trying so damn hard not to pray all these weeks because not getting an answer would just make it all so much worse. And what do I even say?” He groaned and dropped his head into his hands. “Okay, here goes nothing.”
Now Dean knew exactly what Bobby was saying, but he was absolutely not ready to have this conversation. He was sure he never would be. “I’ve seen everyone I need to see.”
“The Empty has no hold over humans,” Castiel stated weakly. “You have my grace. There is nothing else you can do to me. Now leave.”
“You got sucked into a pit and I didn’t even have the chance to say anything,” Dean mumbled, turning his head away from Castiel’s in an attempt to hide the blush that Cas could surely feel.
Dean smiled weakly. “Good for him. And… and he’s okay?”
“Bobby-“ There was something else he needed to say, something else that he still couldn’t find the words to confess.
“You could say it now,” Castiel prompted. Then immediately he gave Dean an out, because Cas was too good, too kind, and he’d put Dean ahead of his own wellbeing for far too long. “Or in ten years from now. Or a hundred. Our fighting is over, Dean, and now we have time.”
One night, Cas entered Dean’s room- their room?- looking deeply lost in thought. He sat on the edge of the bed and took Dean’s hands in his, staring into his eyes before speaking. The power in Castiel’s gaze was, as always, breathtaking.
Castiel cleared his throat. He dug his fingers into his knees, twisting the fabric of Jimmy Novak’s pants. “It doesn’t matter. The happiness was in just saying it.”
It was perfect, and more than Castiel had ever imagined. Their relationship remained as close as ever, but for the first time, Castiel felt as though he wasn’t the odd man out, with only Dean to link him to the rest of society. He liked Benny, and Charlie was even more Castiel’s friend than she was Dean’s.
Yes, Dean had known for a long time that he was in love with Castiel. As he studied Cas’s behavior towards him and rehashed dozens of old conversations in his head, he felt a little stupid that he hadn’t noticed before that Cas loved him back.
He stood in the grass, feeling as ridiculous as he had the first time he’d called out to the Angel by name. Feeling as sure as he had then that the Angel in question wasn’t going to answer.
“Awesome,” Dean breathed, before closing the gap between them and pressing a soft kiss to Castiel’s lips. For a beautiful but brief moment, they got lost in their closeness, in enjoying how everything between them was shifting into something even more profound than before.
Bobby waited. Dean said nothing more. “And?” Bobby prompted, clearly exasperated.
He sat in the back of the room, trying desperately to ignore the frequent flutters of motion as other students turned quickly to stare at him. By lunch time, he was exhausted, and he snuck off to a vacant corner of the cafeteria in an attempt to enjoy his peanut butter and jelly in peace.
“You could make it up to me?” Castiel suggested. He was smart, Dean conceded, and he knew Dean well. He could never convince Dean that all his past mistakes could be simply forgiven through the power of love. But give Dean a chance to make it right? To show his love through action? Dean would make sure that Castiel felt as loved as possible, and in the process would allow himself to be loved in return.
"Dean?" Castiel asked, breaking the comfortable silence that had enveloped their little family. "I don't understand this song."
Dean waited until Castiel was halfway through his sandwich to speak. It felt like he, too, had a mouth full of peanut butter, but he dug his fingers into his knee and forced himself to start talking.
They were in college, for crap’s sake. Why were they even playing truth or dare? That was a thing that tween girls did at slumber parties, wasn’t it? Apparently not in Benny’s book.
“It’s about feeling connected to something because of who it makes you think about. The dude singing is talking about his girl’s favorite song. He wants the DJ to play it because it makes her happy, and whenever he hears it he thinks about her.”
“That sounds great, kid,” Dean told him, reaching out to ruffle his hair. To ruffle the hair of God. Yeah, that was going to be weird for a while. Jack beamed up at him.
He stepped back so he could look his Angel in the eyes, but kept a firm grip on Cas’s shoulders. He couldn’t let Cas think for a second that he was pulling away. “I’ll say it now. You say we have forever, Cas, but with our track record, anything can happen.” He paused and took a deep breath. There’d be no going back now. There had been no going back since Cas had said what he’d said. Maybe there’d been no going back since Hell.
“What did you mean something you can’t have?”
What?
================================================
“He’s an Angel of the Lord.”
I'll throw some money in your cup
“I want to stay here with you. I want to taste the food you want to share with me. I want to experience things the way you do. Dean, I want to grow old with you. And when we die, when we finally properly die, in a way that doesn’t involve the world ending, I want to go to the Heaven that Jack created, and I want to share that with you too.”
“So what happens now?” Dean asked. “What have you and Jack been up to?”
“I suppose not,” Castiel agreed softly. “I’m very sorry, Dean. I’ve always known that our feelings for each other were vastly different, so I’ve tried my best not to call attention to it. But I understand how uncomfortable this must for you.”
“A few times, actually. But Sammy and I are here in Lawrence forever, which is great.”
“Awesome,” Dean breathed. He kissed Castiel, and tasted both of their tears. “That’s good Cas, because that sounds absolutely perfect to me.” He roughly scrubbed the tears off his face, then reached out to more gently brush Castiel’s cheeks dry.
Castiel stepped closer, putting his hand on Dean’s shoulder, on the place where he had put his hand so many years ago as he dragged Dean from Hell, and simply said, “Goodbye, Dean.”
Now, as Castiel felt pain rip through his body, he knew that Dean was in serious trouble. In an instant, he flew from the orchard he was regrowing and appeared before Jack. Before God.
“I don’t want anything,” Castiel answered. He was lying. He wanted Dean to let this go. He wanted to have the sort of easy friendship they’d had years ago. He wanted to watch cowboy movies and talk about nothing for hours on end. He wanted Dean to look at him like he was a safe space, not a landmine.
Dean was out of bed in a moment, racing down the hall, and pounding on Cas’s door. Castiel opened it at once, looking worried. Of course he was worried; they were at war with God. Dean barged into Cas’s room and shut the door behind him. He’d probably woken Sam and he didn’t want an audience for this. Cas deserved this to be just for him.
The solution came to him in an instant, and he acted on it just as quickly. Calmly. Naturally. As if it wasn’t monumental. He told himself it wasn’t- that he’d been growing weaker for some time and this was only an accelerant. It didn’t matter the consequences to him, because it was certainly better than an eternity trapped in that place of nothingness with a cosmic entity that hated him.
“The one about you finding out that I’m in love with you,” Castiel breathed, feeling impossibly worse after saying it aloud. “Where you find out that from the moment you said hello to me on my first day at Lawrence Elementary, all I’ve ever wanted was to spend my life with you. And you’re Dean Winchester. You’re free and wild and you like hot girls and tough guys and fast cars. And I’m the awkward little nerd who you’ve tried so hard to be nice to and who you’ve made a place in your life for and I’m so selfish that it’s not enough and I want more. I’m sorry, Dean. I wasn’t going to let you find out. Ever. I could keep it quiet, and I was okay with that. But now you know and it changes everything. I’m sorry.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean said again. “Can I try again?” He didn’t deserve another chance, didn’t deserve to be anywhere near Castiel, but given the things Cas had said earlier- which Dean still wasn’t thinking about- it seemed like near Dean was a place he very much wanted to be.
“Dean,” Cas’s voice was shaking in a way Dean had never heard before. It made the hunter feel sick. “Those things I said before the Empty. They were all true. But now that we’re both here, here in this place forever. Please, Dean, if you want to just forget you heard all of that, I won’t mind.”
“Yeah, I could do that,” he agreed. “I love you, Cas.” Then,
“No,” Castiel replied, a soft smile on his face. “I’m letting you try to explain it because I had this exact same conversation with him several weeks ago and it was incredibly jarring and now you can experience it too.”
He guided Castiel upstairs and into the kitchen, where he deposited the former Angel into a chair. He brought him a glass of water, which Cas drank eagerly, still not looking at him. “When was the last time you ate anything?” he asked, knowing full well that Cas avoided food unless Dean or Jack begged him to try something, because he didn’t like the taste of the molecules.
“Yes Dean?”
Castiel remained silent, not knowing what to say to that.
“Do Angels love the way humans do?” Dean’s voice was tight, shaking. “I mean, what exactly are we talking about here, Cas?”
It was Castiel who eventually broke the silence. “Can you please just yell at me and get it over with, Dean?” He hated how pathetic he sounded, but decided that when your life gets torn apart, you’re allowed to lose composure.
Sam hesitated for a moment, but managed to push forward with the conversation without even shooting Dean a bitch face. “And Mom and Dad?”
It was one of the first things that Castiel had ever told him, but it was wrong. Dean didn’t deserve to be saved, not when so many other people hadn’t gotten that chance. He didn’t deserve to be saved yet again when so many good people had died. And he absolutely did not deserve to be saved by Castiel, by this beacon of celestial energy whose life he had ruined and who he had let down so many times, and whose heart he thinks he may have broken in Castiel’s final moments alive.
From that first day on, they were inseparable. They spoke in a language of gestures and meaningful looks, of half spoken phrases and obscure references. The bond grew stronger as they grew older, and by the time they reached high school, people spoke of them almost exclusively as “Dean and Cas”, never one without the other.
Dean smiled then, shaky and bemused as though he couldn’t quite process what was happening, but he smiled. “Cas, you have me. You’ve always had me. You always will.”
Castiel and Dean and Sam had raised this powerful being in love, had taught him how to be better than what he was fated to be, had cared for him. And now, that boy was a creature of infinite power and grace, and he was calling the shots. He wanted to be nothing like Chuck, Castiel understood that. But was he really going to hold his Hands Off policy in higher regard than the safety of his loved ones? Would he allow Dean to-
The kitchen was silent as Dean prepared the sandwich. He was grateful for the time to collect his thoughts, even though he was still very much not thinking about what Castiel had said to summon the Empty. Cas looked so sad. Sad and small and not at all the way he should ever look. Dean remembered when Castiel was human before, and how he had failed Castiel so completely. He was sure Cas was remembering it too, even though he’d promised Dean long ago that he’d forgiven him. He needed to make sure Cas knew it wasn’t going to be like that this time. Dean wouldn’t let him down again. (He ignored the ugly thought that all he ever seemed to do was let Cas down.) The sandwich wasn’t going to be enough to prove to Cas that he was safe with the Winchesters- with Dean. How could he possibly show him the lengths to which he’d go to protect him?
tell Sam about him and Cas. He just… didn’t tell him. He knew Sam wouldn’t have a problem with the two-dudes part of it. In fact, he was almost sure that Sam wouldn’t have a problem with any of it. But he was going to be weird. Either he would trip over himself making sure that Dean knew it was okay to like dudes and be agonizingly supportive and buy a stupid rainbow or something, or-
The drive back to the bunker was silent. Sam drove, insisting that nearly dying was reason enough for Dean not to immediately get behind a wheel. Dean tried to argue that he was fully healed, but the words got stuck in his throat. Cas had healed him. Castiel. Who was alive, apparently. Who was fine. Who had come to his rescue yet again, even though the last time they had seen each other, Castiel had said… all that he said. And Dean had said-
“Okay,” Castiel replied. He wasn’t sure why this boy seemed so eager to talk to him, but for some reason he couldn’t explain to himself, he was sure that he didn’t want Dean to stop.
Had Dean said that? Well, it was true, but he certainly hadn’t meant to make Cas feel bad about it. “Yeah, it is. And I’m going to make you taste a million different things until you can appreciate lots of awesome food. But right now, we’re going for the old standards. One peanut butter and jelly sandwich coming up.”
But of all the things that Castiel had said, that wasn’t the one that worried him the most. Those memories had healed over- ugly and scarred, but they’d healed. No, Dean was much more concerned about the remark that Castiel had made before that.
“Oh.” Dean was quiet for a long moment, before responding, his cheerful attitude firmly back in place. “Well I think your dad was right that art is important. And my Uncle Bobby says that talking about stuff is important, and that one of the reasons my dad is so sad is because he never talks. You can always talk to me, okay Cas? We’re friends now, and friends can always talk to each other.”
“Hello, Dean.”
“From rebar,” agreed Castiel. “From your negative opinions of yourself. You deserve to be saved and you deserve to be loved.”
“Dean,” Castiel interrupted. “You’re Dean. I don’t think I would have been able to articulate it at the time if anyone had asked. But I didn’t fall for the Righteous Man.” Castiel blushed and looked down at his feet. “I’m sorry. Continue.”
“Cas, no,” Dean interrupted. “Don’t even go there. I love that Sam knows, okay? I don’t know how the hell I got so lucky, but I wanna tell the whole world. I love you, Cas, and you love me, and I love that you do. Hey, who do you want to tell next?”
“Velma costume photos?” Cas asked, leaning into his best friend- well, boyfriend- as they walked back to their dorm.
It wasn’t that Dean
Castiel caught up with him a moment later, a concerned expression on his face.
“No,” Castiel answered. “Thank you, Jack, but I’m going to stay like this. I’m going to live out a human lifespan with all of you. With Dean.”
Castiel smiled at him, so clearly happy to share this truth with Dean, though tears streamed down his face. He stood motionless as black sludge began bubbling into the room. He kept looking directly at Dean as Billie burst through the door.
Truth: Have you ever kissed someone from the Outworld Kingdom?
He pulled back on the highway, not forcing an end to the conversation but simply appearing at peace with where it had led. In fact, every part of him looked lighter than Castiel had seen it in months. After a mile or two passed, he reached out and placed his hand on top of Castiel’s, where it had been resting on the seat. “Is this okay?” he asked.
But it couldn’t reach everywhere, because Dean Winchester was covering as much of him as he could with his own body. Their torsos were pressed together, shoulder to hip. One of Dean’s strong arms wrapped around his neck, while the other held Castiel firmly around the waist. The Empty poked at the seams where their bodies met, but it couldn’t get in. It tried again. And again.
But no, Castiel was pulling away, his entire posture radiating defeat, though he was so clearly trying to hide it. “Of course, Dean. I understand.”
“And that means he’s probably pretty damn busy!” Dean snapped. “Probably doesn’t have time to deal with requests from individual customers.”
Sam said a lot of things that made little to no sense, but Dean figured sense went out the window once God declared a personal vendetta against you. According to Sam, everyone was gone. Charlie, Jody, Claire, friends they hadn’t talked to in months, the staff at the local diner, people who had never even heard of Sam and Dean Winchester. They were all just… gone.
Castiel knew he should never have agreed to this. Going to a party? What was he thinking? Of course it would be a disaster. He had only agreed because he wanted to spend time with Sam. It had been months since he had seen the younger boy, so he didn’t want to miss a moment. Even when Sam had asked to go to his first college party.
Jack started popping by more and more often, having long conversations with Castiel about Heaven, what it was like, and how it could be better. Dean knew that Castiel missed him terribly. They would all be glad when Jack could shed this new responsibility and come home.
“He wanted to know if you were going to hate him forever for it.”
That's all you gotta do
“What is it you think you can’t have?” Dean pressed. Dean, who never talked about feelings but desperately needed an answer to this. Castiel didn’t know how to give one.
“I hurt you.”
That's all you gotta do
“I’ve been researching. Trying to find out everything I can about the Empty. Coming up with nothing again and again and... and I guess you didn’t even need it. You were already safe in Heaven with Jack. I wish you’d told me. But hey, I get it, you’re an Angel of the Lord. And I’m just one guy. But Cas, if you’ve ever got a few minutes-”
“Anyway, I should be able to disperse all of this energy and be home in a few days. See you soon!” And just like that, Jack, their son, God, was gone.
“I didn’t know you were looking.”
“I do if it’s a prayer. That was directed at me rather forcefully. Sorry.” He didn’t look sorry. He looked happy and maybe a little smug. “Forever?”
Dean hesitated only briefly. “Do you want a PB&J?”
And then there was a completely idiotic plan. And Dean and Sam voluntarily stood there while Chuck beat the crap out of them. And suddenly… it was over.
“The kid at the Biggerson’s. The waiter. I don’t remember his name but he was on the swim team or something? You were fifteen.”
“He’ll always have time for you and you know it, idjit.”
Castiel stumbled after only a few steps. Dean was at his side in an instant, making sure he wouldn’t fall, and gods, the irony of that made Dean want to smash everything in sight. Instead, he tried to pretend that he was the person that Castiel had described him as- gentle and caring and someone who didn’t break everything he touched.
When Dean spoke, he stared out the front window, both hands gripping the steering wheel as if he were driving through a flood. “Cas, I… I cannot mess this up. I just promised you that I’m going to take care of you, and I meant it. I’ve hurt you so many times. I need to do this right. But you’ve gotta help me because I don’t know what you want.”
Eventually, Miracle quieted down. Dean was no longer crying and the stranger who smelled vaguely of ozone and rain had been sufficiently greeted. He hopped off the bed and curled up at their feet, leaving the pair sitting beside each other, knees touching and eyes locked.
He used the air quotes. With his fingers. Because of course he did and he was right here, not gone, and Dean loved him so much. And he was crying again, ugly sobs that felt like relief this time instead of hopelessness, and somehow, he wasn’t even ashamed. Castiel sat down beside Dean and wrapped his arm around him, his hand coming to rest on Dean’s left shoulder, which somehow made Dean cry even harder.
Dean didn’t respond, but he also made no attempt to lessen his grip on the Angel in his arms. Eventually, Castiel continued.
Sam also obeyed without question, but Dean didn’t dare check the expression on his little brother’s face. He was sure it would be nothing like Castiel’s confusion. If he had to take a guess- (which he didn’t want to do, because he really didn’t want to think about it at all)- Dean would imagine Sam’s face to be something between a knowing smirk and a shit-eating grin.
Miracle found his way to the brothers too, and though he had lived with Sam longer, it was Dean who he sought out. Dean sat on the porch of the Roadhouse, petting his dog, drinking beer, chatting with Ellen and Jo and Rufus and everyone else who came by- because even in Heaven, the Roadhouse was still a hunters’ bar.
“He’s suggested it a few times,” Castiel admitted. “But he wouldn’t go without me and I… I wasn’t sure I’d be welcome.”
This was a mistake. A terrible mistake.
Dean was about to correct him, to tell him not to thank him for anything, that it was Dean who should be thanking Cas for allowing him a chance to do better. But just then, his phone rang.
Dean crumpled at this, his face falling and his shoulders drooping, and despite his promises to protect his newly human friend, Castiel knew that this was once again the end.
“Oh,” Castiel blushed. This was one of the reasons he rarely tried to talk with his peers. He always seemed to get it wrong. “My name is Castiel.”
“Castiel? That’s different. I like it,” Dean declared. “But it’s kind of long. Is it cool if I just call you Cas instead?”
“He told me what he said,” Bobby stated in the kindest voice Dean had ever heard him use. “When he broke me out of jail, he told me.”
Cas told him he loved him and Dean had said-
If nothing else, more than a few people had said it directly to them. People they met on hunts had assumed that they were a couple multiple times. Meg had said it very bluntly more than once. Crowley- well, suddenly Dean had a lot of questions about the way Cas and Crowley always seemed weirdly territorial whenever they met. Even Balthazar- gods, a literal decade ago- Balthazar had seen it too.
The Empty pushed against Castiel’s sides, trying to squeeze into the space where Dean’s body ended and Castiel’s began, but Dean just held tighter. “I said leave him the hell alone, you son of a bitch!” he roared. Then, his voice changed. His head was pressed close to Castiel’s; he had drawn the shorter man’s head under his chin to better protect him. Castiel could hear him speaking clearly, his throat vibrating against Castiel’s cheek. “It’s okay, Cas, I got you. It ain’t gonna take you, I promise. Just don’t let go. Please, Cas, just hold onto me. Please don’t let go. Don’t let go.”
Dean felt like the worst person in the world. Cas had been so worried that he’d mentioned it to Bobby? And now all this time, when he of course knew that Dean was here, and Dean hadn’t-
———————————————-
“Of course,” Castiel said simply. “Thank you.
And of course Bobby knew that too. “Your mom thinks he’s great. He came to talk to her a few times while he was fixing things. First with Jack- who she forgave, of course. Then just Cas. One thing about your mother, Dean, is she’s always been the one to keep your father in line. Or get him to do the right thing.”
"Yeah, you'd better, Dean," Sam agreed, settling down in the room's single armchair with his laptop. "They'd probably charge extra for getting soot on all their furniture."
“I had some coffee yesterday,” Castiel answered. He’d decided that he liked coffee and some teas. Never with any milk or sugar, just the hot juice of beans or leaves. Sam had brought him a few very interesting varieties from farmers’ markets he’d forced Dean to stop at on their many roadtrips.
“Okay, just stay put,” Dean instructed. “Cas and I are coming to you.”
“And that’s the problem. That’s what I keep coming back to. ‘Cas would really like him’ or ‘Cas would love this movie’ or ‘Cas wouldn’t get this reference but he’d smile anyway.’ I’ve got this great life now, Cas, and I want to live it. But you’re not here.
“Yeah, I’m… I’m Dean. And honestly, Cas, Dean has a lot of crap going on in his head. And I’m terrible at relationships. In all their many forms. I’m just bad at it. And it seemed kind of- I don’t know. Wrong? Pompous? Creepy? To be into an Angel. But Cas, you’re everything to me. Just as much as Sammy is. You’re my family. And I don’t ever want you to leave us again.”
“You don’t have to do anything. Just be happy here in Heaven, Dean. That’s all I want.”
“You’re healed now, Dean. Please do try not to get yourself killed again for at least a few years.”
“I dropped him off back in our room before coming to look for you.”
“From the way you told it, sounds like he’s kinda running the show here,” Dean mumbled.
Shortly after the call ended, Dean proceeded to receive a series of texts from Claire that consisted only of pictures of her weapons. The final text read “Hurt him and you die. Your brother will help me” with a little pink heart emoji.
The one that makes me go all night long
Screw this.
Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed. It was a pleasure to try to set things right for Dean and Castiel- and even more amazing to do it as a fundraiser for Random Acts!!!!
My baby's favorite record she been waiting for a minute
“Dean is in trouble,” he stated without preamble.
Castiel smiled and kissed Dean’s hand. “Yes, I agree that I was severely underselling the having.”
“He’s fine, Dean.” Castiel didn’t seem angry. That was a start, Dean supposed. But he looked sad and uncomfortable, like he might fly off again at any moment. And Dean knew that he’d never have the courage to pray him back a second time.
The knowing smirk Sam shot him as Dean ushered everyone towards their respective bedrooms was what clued Dean into the fact that he’d just been played. Bitch.
Dean grabbed Castiel by the sleeve of his trench coat and pulled him back in. He didn’t hesitate. He kissed him. Soundly. And Castiel kissed back. The Angel’s technique was admittedly lacking, but he more than made up for it in enthusiasm. It was at this moment that Dean realized that technically, neither of them needed to breathe anymore. He grinned into the kiss.
“Hey, you’re the new kid in my class, right?”
“According to Bobby.”
“Come on home, kid. You made a pretty good God, but it’s time to retire.”
"Castiel, I will not interfere.” Jack answered calmly. “However, as much as I am... God... now, I cannot control the actions of the Angels who work alongside me.”
“Sammy?”
It had long been known amongst Angels that when one of their number had been tasked with protecting a specific human, they sometimes developed intuition that alerted them to their charge being in danger. No one was surprised that Castiel, the angel who loved humanity just a little too much, had the ability to sense when Dean Winchester was in danger.
There wasn’t any big Moment after that. They didn’t get out of the car in the middle of an empty street, town, state, world to tell Sam and Jack that they were dating. Once again, the world was ending, and Team Free Will threw itself into the fight.
The one that makes me think of you
Oh, wait till you see my baby move
The one that makes me go all night long
“He’s on a hunt. Vampires. He’s been stabbed- impaled, actually.”
Dean replied with a very honest “yeah that’s fair” and then sent her a selfie he had taken with Cas a few days earlier.
It was Sam who eventually broke the silence, as they stood side by side on the bridge. “How is everyone?”
“Damn right, Velma costume photos!”
That's all you gotta do
Dean wasn’t sure how he’d ever manage to pull himself together again, but suddenly there was a pressure in his lap and something wet on his face. Miracle, who had stayed motionless at Dean’s side through all of this, had apparently taken Castiel’s move from doorway to bed as a cue that he could move too. He was standing between them, on them, and licking Dean’s face. Dean laughed, trying to push the dog away, but Castiel stopped him.
“Cas? Hey, man, talk to me. What conversation did you think we were having?”
Castiel wasn’t sure if he was relieved or heartbroken that that was the part of what he’d said that Dean felt the need to question first. He wasn’t yelling at Castiel for his inappropriate feelings. But he was once again demonstrating how tragically little he thought of himself.
“I hope it’s okay I came and sat here,” Dean continued. “You looked lonely, though, and I know that the first day at a new school can be rough, especially when it’s the middle of the year.”
“Truth.”
The one that makes me go all night long
Apparently, even without the sigh, Dean had sensed his frustration. “Okay, not that. Then what, Cas? Because I thought… I mean, we talked about this in Purgatory. I said I was sorry, man. You mean the world to me. You and Sammy and Jack.” Castiel was surprised that Dean had added Jack in that list so easily, but he made no comment. “You’re my family and I’d do anything to make you happy. So what is it you can’t have?”
“Okay, well that body is gonna need some food. What do you want?”
Dean felt sick, embarrassed over a crush that went nowhere from twenty five years ago. But at the same time, he felt more at peace than he had in decades. Still, Bobby was just one of the important people in his life.
“I should have been able to keep you both safe.” Dean sighed. This wasn’t what he was trying to say. “But before that. On the car ride. Do you know what I was thinking?” He didn’t wait for Castiel to respond. Based on what happened next, Castiel likely thought Dean was thinking some fairly terrible things. “I felt bad for you, yeah. I knew you were hurting and that losing your powers was awful. But there was a part of me- please don’t take this the wrong way, Cas, but a part of me was kind of excited. My best friend was human now. He was coming home with us. And I would get to show him all the really cool parts of being human. As we were driving, I was thinking up all the cool recipes I could try on you, or where I wanted to take you to get your first slice of pie. I was thinking about how we could work in dumb tourist crap while we drove around looking for hunts. You’d never been to a county fair before. Or mini golf. Or a baseball game. I hated that you were upset, Cas, but I was so excited thinking of all the ways I could make being human not suck for you. Make it fun.”
“Okay,” Castiel replied. Even though he had only known Dean for less than an hour, he was sure that Dean meant it when he said he’d always be there for him. He was equally sure that he would do all that he could to always be there for Dean.
Except they weren’t his final moments. Because he was here. In the end, it was that that finally managed to take first place in the millions of things Dean wanted to say. “You’re back. How? Cas, I swear I looked, but I couldn’t find any way to break into the Empty.”
He’d actually been doing that a lot less frequently, Dean had noticed. Since getting back from Purgatory and teaming up with the Winchesters full time, Castiel had seemed to be putting more effort into trying to understand human social cues and cultural norms. It was surprising and at times like this, sort of frustrating, but always made a tight, warm feeling blossom in Dean’s chest. Every time Castiel made an effort to understand human interactions, it seemed to Dean as though he was anchoring himself closer to them, as though he was saying, “this is my world now and I want to be comfortable in it.” Castiel was always a half-step out of rhythm, but each question was a new attempt to learn the song of human life. Dean was happy to teach him.
"How long you gonna wait, boy?” Bobby asked him one night. It was just the two of them sitting on the porch, and they’d been watching the night sky in companionable silence.
“No, we’re staying,” Castiel assured his new friend. “My dad was really nice but he was always sad. He used to talk to me about art and how making art is important, but my mom would tell him it was a waste of time. So one day he just left. He said he had to go find the book he’s meant to write, but I don’t really know what that means. Anyway, my mom said that everyone in town looked at us funny after that, so we moved here to start over. She told me not to talk about it, but you told me why you moved, so I thought it was fair to tell you.”
Dean laughed at that, pulling Castiel to his feet and heading out of the room, keeping their hands intertwined. “Yeah, I guess we should. Got our heads out of our asses, didn’t he? But just because this worked out for us doesn’t mean he’s off the hook. Just wait ‘til the next time we see Jess.”
Dean and Castiel drive to meet Sam and Jack after everyone has vanished. They talk on the road.
The one the makes me stay out till dawn
Of course, nothing that day would work out as he had hoped, and within several minutes, a student he vaguely recognized from his class sat across from him. The boy had sandy hair and freckles, with a wide toothy grin that seemed incongruous with his Black Sabbath t-shirt and bomber jacket. Castiel tried desperately to avoid eye contact, but the boy launched into conversation anyway.
“And? That should be a good thing right? What’s wrong?”
Why you gotta hesitate
“Jack,” Dean began, but he realized he had no good way to finish that sentence.
Tonight, Castiel was sprawled across the bed closest to the window, his trench coat hanging in the small closet next to Sam's corduroy jacket. When the younger Winchester relocated from the armchair to bed, Castiel would likely swap places with him and spend the night buried in an ancient text. Dean stood in the bathroom doorway for a long moment- too long, a part of his mind chided- enjoying the sight of his friend so obviously at ease.
"Oh," Dean mumbled. “Hang on and let me listen. I didn’t actually catch the lyrics. Sammy, could you start it over?”
Castiel smiled, but it was small. Not like that oh-so-warm smile he’d given Dean before he was taken. “I have always known your feelings for me are very deep, Dean. I don’t look inside your mind, I know you don’t want me to do that, but I can still feel the energy from your soul. However, I have also always respected your desire not to let anything come of those feelings. I know there are many reasons for that. I know we both have our jobs to perform, and something always seems to be setting us on different paths. I know that while your feelings are very strong, I am not a human and you could never want from me what I-” He cut himself off, looking down at the floor. “And I know that this vessel that has become as natural to me as my true form is male, and that that is not your preference.”
Hey, play that song
“Get up,” he ordered gruffly, walking to the small open area between the bathroom and the closet. Castiel walked toward him without hesitation, though his head was tilted to the side as it always was when he was confused. “Sammy, start the song again.”
Castiel realized that he wanted to spend the rest of his life by Dean’s side when he was eleven years old.
“It was Jack. He’s more than just Chuck’s powers. He’s Amara’s too. And also his own. He… convinced it, somehow. I think he threatened to just never let it sleep again, actually.”
“Of course I do. But Jack is about to give up his powers. He wants to come and live his life on Earth, here in the Bunker if you and Sam don’t mind.”
Okay, he could still fix this.
And there it was.
“Don’t give me that crap,” Bobby scoffed. “You’re settled in, Dean. You’ve seen your family. Your brother is here and settled too. You’re out of excuses. When are you going to go find that angel of yours?”
“Don’t do this, Cas.”
************************
“Do you remember when we found you at April’s?” he began.
“I’m sorry, Dean, I-”
Oh. Yeah, no, that was… He suddenly imagined Sam standing beside him, giving him his best bitch face.
“I mean, not all the time. You should still go to Heaven, help Jack fix it up. Maybe convince him to come visit?”
He was twelve when he realized that couples who paired off for life were typically involved sexually and when the two people were of the same gender, that was called being gay and some people thought that was wrong. Unfortunately, that lesson came by way of his mother ranting about queer representation in the media, and how it was against God’s will.
“Awesome,” Dean stated flatly. “I grew up wanting to be just like my dad, and the one way I managed it was in making a kid feel like he isn’t good enough.”
When you gonna strum it
Castiel was playing chicken with God over Dean Winchester’s life.
Dean thought of all the chick flicks that he had certainly never watched. A recurring theme was that the protagonist always had to take some sort of crazy chance for love, put everything on the line, before things would work out. Cas had done that. Repeatedly. It was Dean’s turn.
“I know, Dean, I know,” Sam interrupted. “That’s exactly my point. If he didn’t tell you of all people that he was back, then something really bad must have happened. What?”
In the meantime, every day was a new adventure, from LARPing to parties to spending evenings together in their dorm. Castiel loved the way college had allowed them to start building their own lives, while still maintaining their incredible friendship.
It was a surprisingly fun game. Nearly everyone at the party had gone LARPing at least once. Benny was the highest ranking knight of their realm and Charlie, the Queen of Moondor, had been chatting animatedly with Sam for the past fifteen minutes. (Dean pretended that he thought LARP was silly, but Castiel knew that he loved being a part of their kingdom.) The prompts, therefore, centered for the most part around Moondor.
“Um, Cas?” His voice cracked. He cleared his throat. “Castiel? I don’t know if you can hear me, but um... It’s Dean. Winchester.” This was going horribly and it hadn’t even started yet. Was there a way to unsend a prayer? “Castiel, I need to talk to you.”
Castiel had no response to that, but even with his face angled away, Dean could see that he was blushing.
That's all you gotta do
Given their lives, it occurred to Castiel that this oversight was very stupid of him.
“I thought… after what I said-”
“Nothing’s wrong,” Castiel answered, but it was obviously untrue. “He’s done with everything. He found a way to disperse all of Chuck’s power so that it will become part of the innate magic and energy that exist in all things. But he asked me if I wanted him to do one more thing first.”
“Cas?”
“You did what you had to do to keep your brother safe."
Dean nodded, but said nothing else. The silence stretched on for minutes. Castiel wanted desperately to reach out and turn the music back up, but he couldn’t make his arm move. Was his human body failing him already? No. No he knew from the creeping chill up his spine and the pounding in his chest that it was his own mind stopping him from cranking up the classic rock. He was waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Maybe Castiel could do the same. Maybe then, Dean would understand. “Yes, Dean, I think you’re kind of okay. When you aren’t being insufferable. And also I love you.”
“Look, I’m assuming that you didn’t know Cas was back, Dean. You would have told me.”
Castiel often felt that Dean was selling Jack extremely short when he called the nephilim a “juiced up toddler” and “even more clueless than you used to be, Cas”. He believed that Jack had an astounding degree of emotional intelligence, but sometimes lacked the words to describe what he felt or observed. Now, here was the proof.
Dean gaped for a moment. “No, I… Jack I mean… like, together.”
They were home. In one piece. For the first time, it occurred to Dean that he really almost hadn’t made it back this time. Sam parked the car but made no move to get out. “You don’t have to tell me. I wish you would but you don’t have to. But you should talk to him.”
The one that makes me think of you
Castiel felt his mouth open. He thought he made some sort of unintelligible sound. All he knew was that he couldn’t look at Dean. If he looked at Dean, he would die. A muffled noise that he recognized as Dean’s voice tried to push through the cacophony of alarm bells in his head, but he refused to interpret the words. If he heard the disappointment, the disgust, the horror, he was sure he wouldn’t survive.
“Hello, Dean.”
Well, everything was still wrong. And they were probably all doomed. But Cas was here. And that was a start.
“Awesome. I’m Dean. Sorry, I don’t remember your name.”
“I love you.”
Castiel fought back a loud sigh. No, he most certainly did not mean trite cliches of human courting. But he didn’t know how to explain more clearly to Dean than what he’d already said.
“It does indeed sound like an admirable end goal,” Castiel stated. “And Jack, we all know that you won’t be anything like Chuck. But perhaps, while you’re fixing things, you can repair more than just what Chuck ruined in the past several months.”
Of course, this wasn’t the first time that Jack and Castiel had discussed Dean. When Jack had pulled Castiel from the Empty, he had immediately brought his surrogate father to the empty field outside of the Bunker. Castiel had asked- had begged, really- to be taken anywhere else, so Jack had brought them to Heaven. It had been many days before Castiel told Jack the whole story. When he had, Jack encouraged him to go back to the brothers, to tell them that he was safe. Castiel refused. If Dean had any desire to talk to him after Castiel’s confession, he would have prayed. He had not. Jack insisted that Dean might not have prayed because he didn’t think Castiel could hear him. Or he might not have prayed simply because he was Dean. Castiel smiled weakly at that, because it certainly was a valid consideration.
“I don’t know how to be right for you,” Dean choked out. “I ain’t never been right for you.”
"Hey!" Sam interjected. "You're not driving, so now you have to shut your cake hole."
Bobby’s words certainly lifted a huge weight off Dean’s shoulders. But now he was running out of excuses.
Castiel looked… crushed. Dean had been aiming for joyful or at least content. He didn’t know where he’d gone wrong. He ran through his words in his head.
He flew away from the barn, from Dean, and returned to Heaven.
“Cas, can you hear me? You gotta stop doing that, man. Disappearing before you give me a chance to speak. I didn’t even thank you today for saving my life. Again. So, thank you. I almost died, Cas- just a few weeks after you sacrificed everything to protect me, and I almost died with a piece of rebar shoved through my back. It would have been okay if I had, though. It’s a good death. Honorable. Go out fighting. And we saved those kids, and that’s what really matters.
“Did you mean it?”
When they eventually broke apart, (how much time had passed? Minutes? How many years on Earth?) Castiel was glowing. But there was still that hesitation in his eyes, that uncertainty of not knowing where he belonged. Dean swore he was going to end that look for the end of time.
“Will you go out with me?”
But he didn’t have to worry about that, Dean told himself. They loved each other and yeah, they’d apparently been dumb about it but they were here now. It was stated. Out in the open.
There was no sound of wings, no indication that Dean’s prayer had been received. But Dean could feel him standing behind him. He’d always been able to feel Cas. Why? Not allowing himself time to examine that question or any of the others racing through his mind, Dean turned.
Castiel felt his newly-human heart ache for this man beside him. Dean was full of so much love, and had never been given the appropriate outlets to show it. He had turned his softness to violence, to protecting those he loved instead of simply being open with them. Maybe since he knew that from the start of… whatever was happening between them, Castiel could help Dean create a space where he knew he was allowed to show love. “If you want to do it, then yes, Dean.”
“I don’t know how to find him. What am I supposed to do? Drive around Heaven asking to speak to the manager?”
(See the end of the chapter for
***********************************************
Dean grabbed sweatpants and a clean t-shirt from his bag and headed into the small bathroom, choosing not to reply to his brother beyond a muttered, "bitch". Sam's answering shout of "jerk!" was clearly audible through the thin door.
Castiel nodded.
At Castiel’s frantic tone, Dean sat up instantly and stopped laughing. Blue eyes met green as Dean grabbed Castiel by his forearms, holding them both steady. “I’m fucking in love with you, Castiel. And I guess you feel the same. And we’re both so freaking obvious about it that Sammy thought we were dating.”
“What the hell was that?” Dean interrupted. He was shouting. He knew he shouldn’t be shouting, but he couldn’t seem to stop himself. Castiel visibly flinched. Castiel had stood completely still as a cosmic entity appeared with the intent of dragging him to Angel-Hell, but Dean had yelled at him and he’d flinched.
He had tried to engage Dean several times about his feelings for the angel, especially after everything that happened with the Leviathan. True to form, Dean managed to dance around the “chick flick moments”, but the questions still struck too close to things that Dean really didn’t want to address, even to himself.
“Did you ever think,” he began, hating the fear audible in his voice, “that you’re not a human, so I didn’t think you wanted stuff like that. Didn’t think you felt stuff like that. Aren’t Angels not supposed to…” he trailed off, unsure how to put it into words.
Now, here was Dean, running into harm’s way yet again to protect his family. Despite their many arguments and how strained things had been between them recently, Castiel knew Dean still thought of him that way. Maybe Castiel was that family member who was always ruining everyone’s plans, or the family member that the brothers really wished wouldn’t hang around so long, but still family.
Of course it was Dean who found him. Who knew that if Castiel wanted a place to hide from the world, he would go to the last study room in the west corridor of the fourth floor of the library. He didn’t say anything at first, just sat on the floor beside him, pretending he didn’t see the other boy drying tears with his sleeve.
“My little brother,” Dean explained. “He’s only five, but he’s a really cool kid. You’ll like him.” Castiel felt warmth spread through him at Dean’s words. Dean was expecting Castiel to meet his little brother, which meant he obviously planned on spending more time with him. “Anyway, why did you switch schools?”
Dean had laughed at the angel's poor phrasing; as hard as he tried, Castiel still often struggled with human interaction. But inside, he was radiating with happiness. Over the years, Castiel had become his dearest friend. Dean wished that they could spend more time together, but Castiel was an Angel of the Lord. He had more important things to worry about than a lonely hunter who got into trouble more often than not and drank too much. Besides, working with the Winchesters was never a particularly safe choice and Dean knew that Castiel had already suffered terribly for his closeness to the brothers. Dean didn't dare ask Castiel to work a case with them unless they truly needed his input, but he couldn't bring himself to stop hoping for those opportunities with each new job.
After coming back from Purgatory without Castiel, Dean was sure he would never see the angel again. He had been devastated and wracked with guilt, sure that he had failed his friend just as he had failed so many others he had cared about.
Castiel shifted his arm and manifested his Angel Blade into this plane of existence. As soon as he felt its solid weight in his hand, he reached up, ignoring Dean’s shouts of protest as the motion caused his grip to loosen, and drew the blade across his throat.
“Freaking humiliating,” Dean interjected. Castiel felt himself flinch at the words. It was bad enough for one’s love to be unwanted, but for it to be embarrassing to its recipient...
Wordlessly, Castiel rushed towards them. Dean’s eyes locked onto his, that perfect shade of green swirling with shock and apprehension. Was Dean afraid of him? Afraid of what he was about to say? Castiel didn’t have time to feel guilty about that right now, but he knew he would later. Sam was talking to him, asking “How are you back? Can you help him? Cas, can you heal him? Is Jack alright?”, but he backed away as he spoke, giving Castiel room to stand before Dean.
The day of the contest was as bad as Dean feared. Considering the (non)readership of the books, he’d thought the photos they saw online were probably all the contestants that would show up.
Castiel shook his head. “But I can tell it’s an extremely powerful pool of energy they’re trying to amass, not something for a weapon or a curse. They may be trying to hold it in reserve, perhaps to improve their standing among other covens.”
“Bobby is fine, though he’s worried about you. He’s reading a monograph on Asian spirits and looking at his phone every few minutes.”
“Kid, seriously, this just isn’t how it works,” Dean said.
“We should stop it,” Cass said, eye half-closed as he rubbed his back back and forth.
Dean just stalked around without saying a word.
“I can’t kiss you with your eyes closed, Dean.”
And he thought about it, running through his memories. Then he wrote it.
“Angels don’t sleep,” Castiel said, the tone of it gravel and bass, “but we dream, and I have dreamed of this so many times.”
There was something strange about being so tired in your mind that you couldn’t make your arms and legs do what they were supposed to do. Dean was telling his body to walk to the nest of blankets next to the sofa currently holding up Sam’s mammoth form, but nothing was really working right.
Of more interest to me personally, I was fantasizing about Dean naked.
“But—”
Oh yeah, Dean hadn’t heard that last one. Technically, Castiel hadn’t either, but he heard all about it later. Angels just loved to taunt him with what their brothers and sisters had to say about him.
“I’ve thought about this a lot,” Sam said. “And I really think the two of you—”
“My intentions? Geeze, Benny, you sound like you're expecting me to marry you, or something!”
“Or perhaps locking them together in a closet?”
It was pretty clear whatever cap Castiel had been keeping on his emotions was slipping.  Dean just put his hands up in the traditional, “Hey, don’t kill me, dude” display.
“But it’s very simple.”
“And if it is absolutely no,” Sam told Dean, “then why are you waking me up in the middle of the night to talk about it?”
“Castiel.”
“In this manifestation,” Cass said finally, “my wings represent the half-corporeal part of my angelic being. When we are in Heaven, angels are celestial beings of pure light. Our strength is measured by our vibrations throughout the cosmos. We can be anywhere, but we cannot be there—cannot manifest there. We cannot—I don’t know how to—”
“Sean,” she said next, turning to the only occupant in the room Dean didn’t recognize. The guy, doubtlessly her husband, managed to go to her for comfort while gaping openly at the angel.
The angel ran into the room, angel blade in hand, and looked around wildly. Dean didn’t notice, eyes fixed on the screen of Cass’ phone.
Dean, dropping his shirt to the floor and grinning.
I nodded in approval and thought about sucking Dean’s dick.
Sometimes, a dolphin would chew a little too hard on the pufferfish, killing it, and then himself from the resulting release of toxin. But that just seemed to be part of the game. When all went well, the dolphins would let the fish go and flop around in a sort of daze while the molested fish got away as fast as it could.
Beside him, Cass snorted just slightly, and for a moment a waved of irritation went through him. Sure, it was great to find his alpha, but was he never going to have a second’s privacy again?
Dean nodded. And waited.
“Aimed at you? Are you saying that your being friends with me has caused people to question your intentions with me?”
“No, but I have family living nearby.” Dean and I wouldn’t be mates, or even lovers, but he and Sam and Jack were still my family. The thought was warming.
“Oh, no, Cass.” Dean sat up in the bed and opened his arms. “Come here, man.”
“Best food I’ve had on a case, that’s for sure,” he muttered, thinking about getting another slice of the breakfast pie.
Soft lips kissed his ear, then his neck. “There are so many ways I could do that.”
That long hair shook slightly, and Sam shot him a look. “I’m all right, Dean.”
“Romantically?”
“Dean,” he said as placatingly as possible. “I’m not sure what has you so upset.”
Except that he wasn’t particularly good at flowers or rainbows, let alone spray paint.
“Dean!” Jack called out as he entered the hall, then raced up to throw his arms around his father. “I’m so glad you’re awake.”
The sigil of transformation had been draw in the combined blood of the coven, laced with coriander and peppermint. Despite the finale planned in six nights, there was a jovial atmosphere among the thirteen wavering candles. The first night had its usual air of laying out the game, establishing who got which avatar, making a few side bets, and sorting out the final details of the victor’s recipes.
“You should have told us,” Sam added.
Castiel told himself later he really should have expected Sam’s eagerly curious look when he walked into the kitchen the next morning. Ignoring it didn’t work, neither did glaring at Dean.
When they pulled up, Dean got out of the car, grabbed his bag out of the trunk, got hold of the key hidden under the weathered cowboy boot, and opened the door to the cabin. Cass followed with the grocery bags.
“Look, I’m assuming we were naked, right?”
“What?”
“You should help him!” Jack said.
Meanwhile, Dean pushed off his Castiel’s overcoat and jacket, opened his mouth to invite the angel’s tongue inside, and was doing his best to soak up Castiel’s heat as well.
“Sam.” Castiel’s voice was pretty much as angry as Sam had ever heard it. “Dean’s sexual orientation is not fluid. He can’t just decide to be attracted to a male body any more than I can get my wings back.”
I frowned at him, disappointed. “I’m fine, Dean.”
Madame Laveau walked to the side and into the performance area walked the first of their chosen ones.
Dean opened his mouth to say all that, to praise his beautiful alpha, when Cass grunted and slightly changed his angle, his cock targeting Dean’s prostate with intent.
“We burst in on them,” Jack said. “You don’t remember?”
“Right,” Dean took up. “And Jimmy’s not in there anymore.”
Dean pointed a finger, which then dipped slightly. He looked at the angel, then back at Sam, then back at Castiel.
Dean half-shrugged, tapping a thumb on the wheel. “Hey, when I want to drink, I drink. When I want sex, I go get it. Same goes for a sandwich or a fight.”
Castiel-as-human would only be a pretense, grace or not.
“What do you want, Cass? Tell me. I want to do it with you.”
“So, how do we find them?” Dean wanted to know.
“I reminded you that I had once betrayed you and your brother and that I regretted it. Then I asked if you wanted to watch television again. You agreed. We watched an infomercial for the ShamWoW!
However, this release only happens when fear has been eliminated from the experience, and that is one reason the “Pizza Man + Babysitter + Spanking” scenario is considered pornography, not documentary.
Castiel suddenly veered over to Jack, which was going to do nothing for their cover. Dean decided to sidle up to a Charlie (the red wig was almost pink, but it was long and fun) and give her a brotherly grin.
I stopped walking five days later. I was in Eldorado Spring, Colorado. There was a thin layer of snow on the ground, and while there were only a few people who drove past me, two cars had already stopped to ask if I needed a lift. My assurances that I was fine were met with odd looks, and I realized I would probably become irritable with the next person who looked at me like that.
“Sam said, what, you went to them seven times?”
“All right!” Jack said with a wide smile.
“Sam,” Dean groaned.
“What?!” Sam shouted.
Castiel closes his mouth with a frown.
Dean huffed/snorted and looked like he wanted to fight someone. It was a familiar enough expression, but the angel suspected with unease that it was directed at him.
Most of them get royally boned after that, yet they still do it.
“So, you still didn’t come,” Dean said when he was back in the present.
The large feathers in front of him spread out and separated while Castiel made a noise of serious irritation. Dean got his smartphone out at a speed that would make Sam himself proud. Fortunately, the whole preen-and-groom thing was basically just about scraping through feathers and getting rid of the old ones, and then leaving everything nice and aligned.
And then came the final video. Dean saw himself laid out on a bed of red satin sheets while a specter of shadows rose up between his legs.
He played Rachmaninoff’s “Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini” next, just getting to the most famous part when he heard the Impala’s engine. With a thought, the harp was back in his pocket and he was striding over to fling open the door.
“Dean, you’re not making any—”
“You’d still doubt it, and it will always be there.”
“That’s not how we’re trying to get Dean and Cass to think about each other,” Sam said.
And yes, even personally stimulating, although this last is pointless.
Sam frowned at himself, but stood by it. Lily after she stopped using her magic wasn’t just mature, she was used up.
“And Cass—”
Five seconds of silence passed. No one missed them.
Cass’ smile was, the angel would think later, probably a little too wide, but he couldn’t help it.
God, that damn voice. It started with the breath against the back of his neck, then to the vibrations through his flesh down to his bones, and then it settled in the heavy heat filling his groin.
“You don’t need to laugh, Dean,” that voice said next, and only then did Dean realize he’d been about to burst into hysteria.
“They are completely incorporeal. Just pretend you can’t see them.”
Sam nodded back to the case. “Now, what about that makes sense?”
“Enjoy me, Cass.”
The air was flooded with static electricity, and there was a buzz against skin he’d felt before at the Phillip’s joint and the motel room.
***********
"No, I wasn't criticizing Sam's music choice, Dean. I think there is value in all types of music; each one shows a different facet of humanity, while also illustrating that the desires and fears that drive them have remained much the same through the centuries. I meant precisely what I said. I don't understand the meaning of this song's lyrics."
Jack thought about that. “Dean and Castiel, if they could make each other happy, that would be a good thing.” He nodded. “Just let me know when, and I will stay in my room.”
Unsurprisingly, I thought about Vuviak, an angel in my garrison who had once gone on a mating dance and been rejected. She told me of the spiral of fire she had strewn across alien skies, of the drums she had made from the molten cores shaken inside half-formed planets, and of the solar winds she had ridden like a Valkyrie screaming for war with the last of the gods.
Dean, on his knees beside his brother’s hell-grave, looking up to ask if I were God.
With a pleased hum, he rolled onto his back, and then frowned. One place was a lot sorer than it had ever been before. In fact, he frowned harder, his ass damn well hurt.
I pressed further against him, feeling the muscles of his thighs, the points of his nipples through his shirt. My arms tightened as I slid my hands back behind him, enjoying the play of muscles and bone. My wings, broken and invisible as they were, flared up and out, and for a moment I almost felt I was flying again.
“Well, now, that's obviously not what I mean, Ray.”
Dean didn’t seem to like that, but, Castiel thought,
Another warm hard was sliding around his hip now, pulling him in an inch, then half an inch. Their bodies touched, and every point of contact burned so sweetly.
Dean locked his knees. Slick was literally running down the inside of his right leg, and he realized he hadn’t taken a single suppressant since he’d returned from the grave. And it didn’t get better when the light went back to normal and the wings were gone.
With a welcome joy, I remember that evening I watched the Pizza Man and the Babysitter. It took me some time, and an experimental kiss with Meg that I cannot regret, to realize what I had seen. The idea of slapping a partner’s rear was so odd at the time. But after April I know that during sexual arousal all stimulus can add to sensation.
“Yes.” Castel scowled. A few more beats went by. “You know that.”
“We’re better off with Dean and Castiel,” Sam said, clicking over to different photos. “Nobody’s really got Cass down.”
A moment passed, and then Castiel was back, his hand gripping the arm of an attractive, familiar-looking woman in jeans, a black lace top, and black cowboy boots.
“You won’t.
“Nixe!” Madame Laveau crossed her arms and then swiped them down. The men had looked promising, but their acting was horrible and their chemistry was shit. The coven nodded, and the two men left the performance area to undress, return to their beds, and wake up in the morning with no memory of the night’s activities.
“OK, enough of that,” Sam said, chopping it into pieces with his demon knife until Jack said he no longer felt magic around them.
“How so?”
“Seriously, Cass. We have to talk.”
“Nothing else?”
This last part was perhaps a deficit, as angel mates never did warn us of the way humans could fall out of love and even out of desire. The concept of “divorce” took us quite by surprise, even after watching the more advanced primates exchange partners for a variety of social and political reasons.
“Cass!”
Dean gently combed his fingertips though the feathers near him. Several came loose, and then just disappeared.
“You just walked across a third of the country. You’re not fine!”
“The shadow, that video, it was our final warning.”
Fake Dean lit up even while taking a step back. “You’ve got the voice down, man!” He looked back and forth at him and Cass, smiling broadly. “I haven’t seen you guys around before. You here for the contest?”
He was about halfway through “Jesu, Joy of Man’s Desiring” when someone—Dean—knocked on the door.
Dean would have said something  more, but the look of some of the feathers, now they he could see them so clearly, bothered him. Some of the feathers near Cass’ shoulders looked more like tubes, and while all the feather were black, the tube feathers were glossy, while other feathers looked kind of gray and ragged, and others were downright fuzzy. No wonder the guy’s back was itching.
Was Sam supposed to come up with something more miraculous than coming back from the Empty? Something more touching than having Dean wrap up Cass in a blanket like that would keep the black magic from driving him insane? Something more inhibition-lowering than drinking six bottles of whiskey?
“Dean!” she squealed, running up to him, hesitating, and then lightly tapping him on the forearm. “It’s so good to have you back with us. I mean, not hearing anything for a month, and then, well, Castiel and Sam, and then, but now you’re back. Thank God.”
, it’s one prize each for three pairs: Sam and Dean, Dean and Castiel, and Other.”
Cass shot him a look of plain resentment. “You’re not going to want to help me, Dean. Let’s just get on with this. We need to stop Famine. That means I take the knife. I go in. I cut off the ring hand of Famine, and I meet you back here in the parking lot.”
Dean moaned, and the vibrations around their joined lips felt sexier than the hand on his cock and those satin sheets.
Even now, I’m not completely sure about the social politics of what happened after that. I only know that I did not have to couple with a highly damaged female human to please Dean, and that instead I brought him some measure of joy, or at least amusement, with her rejection.
“Backing me up, but I think they enjoyed his worry and discomfort.” Those blue eyes clouded over a bit. “All of their power was emotionally fueled. I believe that’s why their magic overwhelmed Jack. He has insufficient emotional maturity to fend off the sensation.”
He got his eyes open. They felt a little crusty. And instead of crummy wallpaper, he saw the walls of his room. In fact, he was tucked into his bed like a neatly folded shirt in a drawer, wearing his boxers, undershirt, and socks.
“You didn’t kiss back, Cass.”
“Mind?” Jack was frowning at him again.
“According to the brochure, they serve breakfast, lunch, high tea, dinner, and a midnight feast,” Castiel said with a faint smile.
That last need had really been bad. His first heat, even on suppressants, Dean had spent hours on his knees and elbows, ass in the air, jerking off and crying because no one was there to fill him up, nothing warm and solid and real was shoving itself inside him.
He figured it was around 2 a.m. when Dean shook him awake.
“He what?” Sheriff Mills asked. “How?”
“Cass,” he said instead, looking at the dark wall of the hotel while he registered that his alpha was behind him, Castiel’s chest to his back, his arms wrapped around Dean’s torso. “Tell me what to do.”
Still, I have to credit Milton for even realizing that angels would seek to join, as they did in droves for the first few thousands of our years. But being limited in number as we are, those who did not find a mate after that initial frenzy stopped looking. The rest of us, in human terms, delegated each other to the “friend zone.”
