Just us.”
“You already win.” Steve gritted out as Tony licked a stripe up his cock. “Only want you. No one else.”
"I just need to learn to live with him, and be around him, without being completely head over heels for him. That's easy, right? Like exposure therapy. Just hang around him until this feeling goes away."
Alarms?
"THIS is how a national hero should be living." He had Steve put down the boxes of food and led him around the suite. There was a fully stocked kitchen, a living area with floor to ceiling windows, even a hot tub for some reason. Steve stomped down his pang of disappointment when Tony showed him the two bedrooms, each elegant and connected to their own large, ornate bathrooms. "So? What do you think?"
I thought it was
been Tony’s fault - after all. For daring to pretend that he - a meager, flawed human - could find a balance between their moral duties, and their responsibilities to those that might suffer its consequence.
if that's what you want, Cap. You don't need to leave for months on end to meet
"Your schedule is completely free tomorrow afternoon through Sunday morning as well, sir." Jarvis politely informed him.
He looked over at Tony as stealthily as he could. Wow. I never noticed how handsome he is. Has he always looked this good? I should have asked, maybe he expected me to get my own room? What if we have to share the bed? No, get it together, Rogers. You'd obviously take the couch. What's the matter with you? He's being such a good friend and you're thinking about this kind of thing. God, no one else has touched me in so long though, and it's so nice. No. No. Be happy with what you have. He's a great friend, if he wanted more he would have said so. Don't ruin this. Why is this the slowest elevator on earth?
"I know." Tony huffed. Stupid Jarvis and his stupid logic. "But Steve needs me too."
care?” Tony couldn’t be bothered to open his eyes. He couldn’t even remember closing them.
Pepper gracefully set her papers down, unaffected.
It took all his willpower to not place a tender kiss on his head. It felt so domestic, to be serving up a plate of food to sweet, tired Tony after a long day. Steve wondered if old married couples felt their hearts swell up like this at such a mundane thing. Instead, he just smiled back and sat down again, joining Tony in quietly listening to the rest of the team argue about Bruce's findings. He'd let him finish eating before scooting his chair a little closer and ducking his head down so only Tony could hear.
Yes, he had those repetitive dreams of him and his family being found out. He didn’t think they would actually come to fruition…not when they’ve managed to stay in hiding for eight whole years. That was nearly a decade ago! How did Hydra manage to find them all of a sudden? How come they never anticipated them coming until seconds before they actually appeared?
“It’s still dangerous,” Bruce retorted, “We’ve never been that far outside the house. What if we get lost?”
Once Natasha had set the gears to neutral and lowered the brake, Steve headed towards the back of the vehicle, ready to push. The red-head firmly clutched onto the steering wheel as she watched Tony run up to the front, keeping a wide distance between himself and the stationary vehicle.
“Two hours non-stop, at least,” Bruce said, he turned back, watching Steve gently push the car, “He’s gotta let you rest.”
“You actually want to visit the monument?” Wanda gave Clint a disbelieving stare. The monument, Chiricachua monument, was obviously deemed a “public” place, which meant people, regular people would be there. Being around, let alone possibly having to mingle with regulars would spell nothing but possible trouble for them. They only designated this for emergencies, such as when they were running low on supplies.
And it did.
Natasha swooped back up, swiping her forearm to block the punch of another uniformed Hydra soldier. She grimaced, his hit hard enough to cause a rather noticeable amount of pain. She brought her other arm, striking the man straight in the jaw. He lost his balance for a moment, stumbling backwards. She quickly leapt forwards and kicked him down with her bodyweight.
“Glad you could join us Bruce,” Clint said, heading to the kitchen sink.
His hand gravitated towards the doorknob, his frown deepening when he didn’t hear a single reply after several seconds had passed. Tony probably couldn’t hear him in the first place, the loudspeakers of the radio he used would easily drown out his voice.
He came third, after Natasha, just turning eighteen a few weeks ago. He and Clint, without the knowledge of the others, decided to sneak out early in the morning on the formers birthday. The escapade of theirs ended up with them stealing four bottles of booze from the store they would go to, to stock up on supplies. The two came home to a very worried, but livid Steve. The amount of risk and possible danger involved enraged Steve. Luckily he was able to keep his anger under wraps because it was Tony’s birthday after all. He didn’t shy away from expressing his disappointment the next day, though.
None of this made sense to him; none of it made sense to the others.
Steve didn’t think it would come down to this.
“What?” Tony raised his eyebrows, wondering why Steve was staring at him so intently.
“Neither am I!” Tony responded, “…Just making sure there’s no damage being done to the car once we start pushing it.”
“Those were really easy, though. I don’t remember you messing up at all on them. I mean, you’re a pretty fast learner–” Steve stopped, just now noticing her changed expression. Her lids were downturned with her lips pressed together.
“Clint!” Natasha shouted, grabbing the fallen cylindrical weapon right before another soldier could grab it. She flung it forwards, watching Clint catch it with ease.
But he had powers. All six of them did.
“That, you don’t need to worry about. I can do that easy.”
“Okay, on a scale of one to ten, how stressed have you been lately?”
Steve twisted the doorknob, cursing when it wouldn’t budge.
“I guess that settles it then,” Clint said, “Normal walk it is.”
Because of this, school was out of the question, doctors were out of the question, living quarters within close proximity of other humans was out of the question,
Steve coughed up blood before drawing his brows together in confusion. Clearing his blurred sight, he saw Natasha electrocute one of the Hydra soldiers with their own shock tonfa before running towards him. With the help of her extended arm, he was able to pull himself up.
Steve noticed this and whipped his head towards the direction she was looking at.
The symbol was a bright red skeleton with six tentacles emerging out from it.
They watched Tony and Clint cease their fighting after Clint nearly tripped over some nearby rocks, the latter getting berated by Natasha for being so careless.
At her periphery she saw more Hydra soldiers begin rush towards her, weapons in hand. Watching her from behind, a very shocked Tony heard rumbling noises. The trees near them were beginning to detach from the ground. She gradually lifted her arms, her fingers curled and the palms of her hands facing upwards. The trees slowly floated upwards on either side of her. Her arms suddenly moved sideways, causing the trees to fly towards the Hydra soldiers, instantly pushing them several feet away.
Steve looked to his side, noticing the youngest had stopped beside him.
He was too shocked to say anything. Instead, he looked straight past Natasha who had asked him that question, his eyes meeting Wanda’s instantly guilty expression. Her arms were shaking and her eyes were glazed with oncoming tears.
He ran at a breakneck pace, his eyes stinging and his sight blurred. He had to get to them, he couldn’t lose them, not ever. His lungs were burning, the adrenaline leeching into his blood. It felt like the longer he ran, the further his friends were moving away from him.
Next thing he heard were steps coming towards him.
“Before we could get back up, that helicopter was long gone,” She replied.
“What are you going to use to get it working again?” Steve feigned interest in Tony’s latest project. This seemed a little too out of bounds, even for someone like him.
“Is Tony ever going to come out of his cave?” Clint’s voice broke Steve out of his reverie.
“Use your powers on them, Bruciebear.”
Steve’s frantic eyes searched the area around him. All of the soldiers were gone; the clearing was empty. Just like that, they came and left. He saw the fallen trees and the near decimated area that resulted from their fight with the Hydra soldiers before they took–
Steve drew his brows together, noticing a slow-walking figure heading towards him. They sported an outfit distinct from the uniform the Hydra soldiers wore. He managed to blink out the tears, trying to focus his sight. He could see the soles of their shoes upfront and close as they came to a stop.
He wasn’t being serious.
The basement.
Wanda returned the smile, the expression reaching her eyes.
------
Steve gritted his teeth, his jaw twitching.
“Let me try something,” Wanda interrupted.
“I hate when you do that, Clint,” Steve said, attempting to flip aside his bedsheet. He frowned when it wouldn’t budge, just now noticing Clint’s knee was digging into the side of the bed.
After hearing a disconcerted crack of the neck, Natasha looked to her left, seeing Steve block a punch from another. He turned back and grabbed the fabric of yet another Hydra soldier who managed to creep behind him and threw the man several feet ahead of him. The man yelled out in pain after colliding headfirst into a tree.
“I tried. ‘Just five minutes’, he said. It’s been a better part of an hour,” Bruce replied, “He was actually supposed to cook today…hell, I don’t even think he slept at all last night. I wouldn’t trust him with the stove.”
Steve instantly picked up his speed, hearing the steps of Natasha and Clint not too far from him. Her body was sprawled on the ground, her long brunette hair spreading out from all sides.
Out of the six, he was the one Steve clashed with the most. Steve’s cautious yet stern take on matters was a far cry from Tony’s reckless and jovial one. He didn’t hate Tony, or dislike even. Tony just got under his skin too often.
“Wanda!” Steve shouted. His heart pounded against his chest. This wasn’t good.
I wanted to do a maximum ride based fic but with some of the avengers instead because I love both the MCU and Maximum Ride, and I’ve never seen anyone else do a fic like this based off of my days of desperately searching for one.
hard time without me,” Tony turned around to face the others, now walking backwards, “Hey-!”
Natasha rolled her eyes.
That, compared with Tony’s innate interest in mechanics and engineering allowed him to learn such complicated tasks at a very fast pace. Steve was often amazed by Tony’s capabilities and the amount of ease he brought into their lives with his ability, even with Coulson gone. He thought it was such a contrast to his occasionally childish attitude and his inability to take things seriously outside of his projects.
“Yup, covered in fiberglass and polyethylene noodles.”
The rocks on the ground were vibrating.
“We’ll have to put aside the introductions for now, Steve,” One of the men interrupted, “You need to come with us.”
“You are
“I’m still stronger than you.”
“Steve, are you okay?”
Within seconds, his sight was getting blurrier. He touched the side of his neck, feeling a tranquilizer of some sorts embedded in it.
, do you?”
Wanda suddenly dropped to her knees and fell forwards.
“Take it easy, Steve,” Natasha said, her hand hovering over him, the other behind his upper back.
“Look at you, Steve. I manage to annoy the hell out of you, yet you still care about me,” Tony grinned.
His pulse raced when he saw five other kids around his age, knocked out cold on the front lawn. They lay next to each other, their bodies bruised and bloodied. None of them were able to move, all of them looking like they were beat up within an inch of their life. They almost looked…lifeless.
“Isn’t it better for you to be in the passenger seat instead of all the way out there?” Natasha called out to him, “I’m not exactly an expert at driving.”
Tony saw Wanda rushing towards them. His eyes briefly darted to the scene ahead of them. Natasha and Steve were beginning to struggle with the Hydra soldiers. Much to their chagrin, there were more than the initial eight they had to deal with. Though, Clint had managed to get the cylindrical weapon, a rifle specially manufactured by HYDRA, working. With his perfect dexterity and enhanced sight, he was able to shoot some of them down, but it wasn’t enough as they kept swarming in like ants. Just how many were they?
“You know, you guys would have a
“We really don’t want to fight you,” The other said. Steve’s eyes trailed down to the breast pocket of his suit, a silver nametag pinned onto it…only, there was no name. A faded, circular black tattoo on his neck was partially hidden behind his suit collar. The tattoo had a simple but elaborate drawing of an octopus, six tentacles springing out of it.
“Hey, hey, Bruce! Look at me!” Tony said, his hands firm on either of his shoulders.
Tony and Bruce clutched their ears from the loud clamor. The noises that came from the yells and thuds of the Hydra soldiers did not help one bit.
He froze the instant he saw Wanda’s glowing red eyes.
“I’m just hypothesizing. What I’m saying seems plausible enough. Besides, it’s not like we can see a doctor about this…that’s not going to end well, for obvious reasons.”
“What the fuck?” Tony breathed out.
“Tony, do you by any chance know how to turn this thing on?!” Clint frantically asked after trying to decipher what the hell kind of weapon it was. He stopped, noticing the other was trying to comfort a very anxious and agitated Bruce, “…Shit.”
“Don’t like that nickname you gave me,” He mumbled, before continuing in an audible voice, “What do you want me to do?”
“…Steve?” He could hear one of his friends say, their voice shaky and panicked.
I hope y'all enjoy this rather late update,,
He saw Wanda and the two Hydra soldiers get further and further away, their figures turning into blurs his oncoming tears blocked out. He tried yelling out Wanda’s name, but all that came out was a barely audible wince. His throat burned, a whirlwind of emotions hitting him.
“Not gonna lie, this looks like a neat ride,” Clint said, circling the vehicle that the six had surrounded, “It’s vintage; I like vintage.”
Anyways, I hope y’all enjoy this first chapter! I’d like to hear your thoughts on this story~
“It’s okay,” He managed to say, to a much unconvinced Wanda, “You’re okay.”
“Yeah, because of the nightmares,” Steve replied, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
He didn’t want to go back to that goddamned facility. He didn’t want any of his friends to go back, to have those sickening experiments done on them. He didn’t want to experience the ramifications of the abuse they endured. The thought of all that happening again made his blood boil.
“I’ll make do with what we have. There’s a lot of useful junk in and outside of this house,” Tony replied, noticing the other’s disbelief. He tapped at his head with his finger, “Do you forget what I have up here?”
Steve instantly fell over, firmly clutching his ears.
“Coulson disappeared four years ago, Clint.”
“You don’t know that.”
“I did.”
Coulson routinely prepared them for a moment like this.
That was why they were valuable assets to Hydra. Hydra’s facility in Siberia experimented on humans, gifting yet cursing them with special powers. How they were acquired by the facility was a mystery to them, but the six knew they’ve resided there since they were babies. Their first memories involved the invasive experimentation by men and women in lab coats who only saw them as their valuable possessions, weapons. Then Coulson, a former S.H.I.E.L.D agent, had broken all protocol on his undercover assignment to Hydra’s Siberian facility and rescued them. He had taken care of the six – he educated them, taught them useful life skills, and loved them as if they were his own children. Losing him was easily the most difficult predicament they’ve faced since leaving the facility.
“You ready?”
“Okay, but you need to get some rest while we bring the car back to life. We can devise the plan once we’re home.”
Tears sprung out from his eyes.
“Tony, Bruce, he’s waking up!”
The blaring sound, reminiscent of tetanus, assaulted all of his senses. His eyes were firmly shut, fresh tears trickling out of them. He could see bright spots flickering in the corner of his vision.
“You can start now, Steve!” Tony called out, his hands on either side of his mouth.
------
Wanda kept quiet for a moment, cautiously wrapping her arms around her waist. The bickering voices of the others could be heard in the background, them mostly coming from Clint and Bruce who were in the middle of a riveting argument. Said argument consisted of whether Chef Boyardee’s or Campbell’s varieties of canned ravioli had the superior taste.
“Tony!” He shouted, pushing through the men.
It took a full hour for them to reach the enclosed field where the abandoned vehicle lay. The grey 1983 Mazda RX-7 had accumulated dirt and dust as it was left alone for several weeks. The tires of the car were flattened, the rubber beginning to pool on the ground, while the windshield had a crack strewn across it.
“All of you have to do is control the steering wheel if the wheels end up going a certain way,” Bruce interjected, “If the car veers left, you turn the wheel to the right so the car stays straight.”
“The rocks are moving,” She suddenly said.
“You’re normally a light sleeper; did you have another one of those dreams?” Clint asked, familiar with Steve’s mannerisms.
“How long was I out?”
“So what do you guys wanna do? …Since the monument is out of the question,” Clint said, obviously not looking too happy. He was itching to explore beyond the areas they were only allowed to step in.
“Yeah, Nat, he’s with us!” Clint shouted back, adjusting his hearing aid before leaving Steve’s room. His need for cochlear implants was a result of the experiments done on him, Hydra’s carelessness causing him to permanently lose his hearing in both ears.
He wanted to air out his grievances, his anger, but it was unfair to the others. They all tried their hardest to fight off those men. He blamed himself the most.
Steve’s breath stopped when he could see the very familiar circular red symbol on the sleeve of their uniforms.
“You wouldn’t wake up,” He shrugged, removing his knee, “Nat wanted me to pour a bucket of ice water on you, but I suggested against that cause I’m not an asshole.”
Before the masked Hydra soldier could bring the baton back once again, he was sent flying like a limp ragdoll. His disoriented yell echoed throughout the area before his body harshly hit the ground.
“Let me finish; I haven’t gotten to the good part,” He easily interrupted Steve, earning a cross of the arms from the other, “I’ve been designing schematics for the types of repairs I’ll be making on that car.”
Hydra, a secretive terrorist organization, was responsible for Steve’s current predicament. Their main facility, stationed in Siberia, was among the many facilities peppered throughout the world that stemmed from four different sectors: government assets, global criminal groups, intelligence gathering,...and international corporations hid behind what looked like a legitimate business to conduct illicit activities. These illicit activities included experimentation on living people. Steve, along with the five other kids mentioned, were a victim of this. The facility wanted them back because they possessed something special, something that was of prodigious value to Hydra.
Steve packed a bag. He was quite used to packing quickly nowadays, and wasn't that sad.
go over well with the guy right out of the 40's."
"I'll miss you too."
they'd brought Tony with them. "Where's Tony at?"
Steve couldn't argue with Tony there. He'd picked a spa treatment for Tony as their last stop before dinner. Originally, he was just going to let Tony have his fun and wait outside, but it seemed Tony wasn't going to let him miss out. But the treatment included a mani/pedi, face mask, scrub, massage and countless other small add-on's that Steve couldn't even name.
"It happens to me sometimes too, you know."
And he couldn’t believe how happy it made him.
Tony turned to him and smiled. "You," He poked him in the bicep. "said a swear word."
“Yeah, well - small things can make a big difference.” Tony argued. “Kissing Steve that first time was purely a spur of the moment thing. If I hadn’t been stupid enough to kiss him right then and there, I would have convinced myself afterwards that you just saw me as a friend - someone to confide in - and breaking that confidence would make me a bad person. I would have probably - no,
"Yeah," Steve chuckled, "We really aren't the best at communication, are we?"
“Tony? We should clean up, at least.” Steve chuckled. Of course Tony would want to skip any explanation. He was making himself right at home here on Steve’s bed.
"Yes." Steve responded. Was this a shovel talk? Was she going to ask him to back down? He really didn't know how to read her. "That means a lot coming from you. I understand you two are very close."
to drop our
Tony would take his worry the wrong way if he yelled like this, but god, was it hard to keep his emotions in check right now.
So it was a surprise when they arrived at the restaurant, and the host greeted them with a big smile and some 'good news.'
"Plus, have you even been practicing with your phone? What if you get lost? What if you're in trouble, there's some sketchy people out there who will try to scam you if you're not careful-"
"He said yes." Steve bit his lip, heart racing just remembering how scary that had been.
He stood up with renewed vigor, and practically skipped back to the penthouse.
While he cleaned up, did his laundry, and got ready to go to sleep, he tried not to think about who the person he'd just imagined might actually be. He did, however, hug his pillow close to him as he fell into a deep sleep.
Now it was Tony’s turn to look on in fascination. Steve watched Tony as his eyes grew, and he licked his lips. He realized that this was the first time Tony was seeing him completely naked, and it made Steve’s heart skip a beat. He couldn't help but follow Tony's eyes, they were intense, inquisitive, like so many times before, when he was first learning about Steve, unlocking bits and pieces of him, little by little. His gaze wasn't calm and tranquil like Other-Tony's. It was wild and fiery like the Tony he knew, his dark, full lashes bordering deep, dark galaxies that he could get lost in forever.
“Heh. Yeah.” Tony chuckled. “So. Rogers. How do I...woo you?” He asked, twirling a finger in the air for dramatic effect. It made Steve laugh again, which was a win in his book.
“Doesn’t really
“Why not? You don’t like the Steve in your timeline?” Steve cocked his head to one side like a confused puppy. God, this Steve was just as adorable as the one back home - NO! Don’t get distracted, Stark.
"Yeah, thank you-"   "So I need to tell you someth-"   They both spoke at the same time. Tony turned to Steve.
"It's been a tough season for them, but I think they'll bounce back. Good, Stevie. Good job. The Mets were giving them a run for their money for a while there. Thankfully Cincinnati gave em a break. That's it, you're doing great."
"Well I've never been here before, and word of mouth is better than any online review in my opinion."
But of course, they clashed. The breathtaking Roman statue turned its gaze on him and pierced his crude insecurity masked as humor, and they clashed. Again and again.
"Love you! Love you... Love...you..." He panted as he came, red cock untouched, squirting all over his chest and stomach. With ragged breath, he slowly dragged himself back to reality, endorphin rush fading away, and he let himself bask in the warm, messy afterglow. His release had been overwhelming, he'd never had anyone else play with his ass like that before, and it felt so good, like Tony was filling in a gap he didn't even know he had.
“No.” Tony’s hands slid over his shoulders, determined as always. “I wanna be filled up with you. Please.” Tony’s fingers caressed his hot skin. “Wanna feel you inside me.” Steve kissed him again.
"Okay. Just a nice dinner then." Steve whispered, not letting go of his hand, and placing his head softly on top of Tony's. Tony didn't know what he meant by that, and he didn't much care, because at least he was able to make him feel a little better for now. If he had to endure being so physically close to the unattainable man of his dreams in order to help, then that was just a sacrifice he'd have to make.
“I thought he was
It was while overlooking the majestic Grand Canyon that Steve's phone started to ring.
“No! I almost got it!” He could hear Bucky shuffling with bags. Steve went over and opened the door to the two men carrying half a dozen bags of food.
“I don’t think that’s true.” Pepper shook her head. “You know you’re all those things too, right? You are kind, always so giving for those who need it, and deserve it. You’re charming when you need to be. And Tony, seriously? You’re the most thoughtful person I know. Hell, you hung yourself out to dry just to bring the team back together. You think they’re all only here because of Steve, but
"Yeah." Tony took it, grinning as he let Steve pull him up.
mean it. This was their dilemma though, their downfall always came from miscommunication. He wouldn't keep it from Tony any longer. He took a deep breath, hoping this wouldn't blow up in his face.
Steve got lost in his rhythmic punching, jumping and kicking while Tony got back to fiddling with his gloves. It was nice, even comforting, to be able to just be around Tony. They didn't need to be doing anything special, Steve was already hooked on just enjoying the other man's presence. He was at peace, listening to his own heavy breaths as the dull scrape of Tony's tools against metal kept him company. Soon enough, the red glow disappeared.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Excuse me, Sir?”
side.” Tony said. “Natasha turned on me, Vision left to follow the little witch, and the rest decided that it would be better to take their chances with extradition than to trust me with the Accords.”
“Of course I haven’t told him.” Steve replied like it was the most obvious thing in the world.
"Like madness?" Steve's eyes went wide with worry. "Am I going crazy?"
“Will it hurt?” Steve asked. Tony looked him up and down before shaking his head and chuckling. He got up and walked over to a nearby sofa, patting the seat next to his. Steve sat next to him.
That caused something to click in Steve’s memory. Of course! He’d completely forgotten what Other-Tony told him right before he left.
Before they left, they stopped by the Jackie Robinson statue outside the stadium, and Steve took one last picture while they waited for their ride.
It had been a while since he last touched himself. Really, he hadn't done it all that much since coming out of the ice. At first, it was just too much going on, trying to learn about the future and come to terms with losing his past. Then Loki happened, then he'd been distracting himself from his own thoughts for so long, that between all that, he never really made much time to just be one on one with himself.
Oh! Poor Tony - he was just concerned about Steve! He must think Steve would be upset about Nat sending photos without his permission. Steve smiled, placing a hand on Tony's, which was resting between them on the couch.
"Exactly!" Tony threw up his hands. "That's what I've been saying! No one is going to steal any plans, and even if they did no one is smart enough to create a new element to use it! There's no security issue!"
"No. Absolutely not. If the Avengers can help you do this and save you millions in the process, then we're doing it. Use that money on another charity project." Steve stood his ground.
Tony started pumping his hand in and out, Steve's mouth wide open as he twisted his grip in the sheets above his head, gasping for air.
"What?" Tony made a face like he'd been slapped. "Y-yes. Of course. That's... I'm glad you...I mean- it's more than okay. Yeah-uh... That's good."
The room was suddenly way too small. Steve remembered the last time he was aware of the feeling of immense loneliness. It was right when he'd moved in to his old apartment after SHIELD defrosted him. He was still coming to terms with everything at the time, and was distraught that everyone he knew was dead. He did get to know the SHIELD staff pretty quickly, but it was a rough start to be sure.
Steve thought for about it. He knows his friend pretty well now, or so he'd like to think. It's probably the case that Tony would like to thank everyone for their support of his project and doesn't know how to. Steve knew more than anyone how difficult it was to step outside your comfort zone, and Tony sure wasn't used to having people do him any favors without wanting something in return. He finished plating and walked over to set down the bowl and utensils in front of the still silent man. The worn out genius looked up and gave Steve a small smile.
Well, that was that, he supposed, heading back to his room. He tried to clear his mind by packing, but couldn't focus. It felt...wrong. Like every pair of socks he stuffed in his bag was shoving another rock into the pit of his stomach.
"Just a minute." He croaked out, waiting for the pain to pass, and then opened his eyes slowly to the bright room, thin curtains and half open blinds doing almost nothing against the Arizona sun. He walked to the door and opened just an inch to see who was there.
he wouldn't want to be part of the team with Steve around. The man who hurt him, who lied to him, who overshadowed his whole youth with his mere existence.
"So what
“Sir? There is some relevant information that you may not be aware of.” FRIDAY piped up again. “You are from a mirror dimension to this universe. Mr. Stark left for your universe to collect data at approximately 12:15am last night. At the same moment, you arrived in the laboratory. You were asleep, but woke up shortly thereafter. I assumed it was a side effect of the interdimensional travel. As a result, you’ve been left here for a few hours under my care.”
Of course.
A few minutes later, he got a text back.
He was breathing again. He noticed his hands, they were shaking. He was on the floor. The carpet felt rough under him. He heard more popping outside, but it sounded far away. Not like the voice that was here with him now.
"Good first game?" Tony asked.
"I'll plead the fifth. So where you at today?"
"Easy!" Clint emerged again from the bathroom. "You gotta laugh at all his jokes, and touch his arm a lot, and compliment him. Tell him he looks sexy-ow!" He got a flick on his hand from Natasha when he walked too close.
“Sure, if you can stand to listen to his cheesy catchphrases all day.” Bucky rolled his eyes.
Steve, finally inside him.
"Really, I did it for the children." Tony squirmed a little, still looking anywhere but at Steve. "Could you imagine kids seeing Captain America racing down the road with no helmet on? I know you're a super soldier and all, but you need to set a good example for the kiddos. It has built in speakers, by the way. So you can talk to Jarvis and have him navigate for you hands-free, or listen to music or whatever while you drive. Personally I hate road trips, but I'm sure Jarvis can suggest some stuff for you to listen to. There's these radio shows that-"
As he stepped off the elevator into a dimly lit but huge space, he realized he'd never been down here before. There was a huge glass separation right at the entrance, from floor to ceiling. It seemed Jarvis knew he was there, as the keypad on the door beeped from a red to a green light, so Steve was able to open it and walk right in. When he did, he was hit with a smell that reminded him vividly of Erskine's lab. It smelled of oil, metal and a hint of smoke. Tensing up, Steve thought for a moment that it might trigger him into a panic attack, but as he kept looking around and slowly breathed in the air, he was surprised to find that it actually...kind of relaxed him?
"And you think
“Fuck.” Tony looked down at the flashing numbers on his screen. He should just power off the machine. There was no use trying to go there ever again when he knew he couldn’t risk Other-Tony's life. Before he began the shutdown sequence though, he saw something odd scribbled into his notebook. He picked it up to take a closer look. He realized it was something written backwards.
He dreamt of butterfly wings, lightly flapping all around him. Feathers softly tickling his skin. He was floating in the breeze, a ray of sunshine warming his face. Slowly, the dream melted away, and he opened his eyes, waking up to dozens of sweet little kisses all over his face and neck. He wouldn't mind walking up like this for the rest of his life. He chuckled, returning little kisses to the man laying on top of him.
Tony made a mental note to find out how much it would cost to buy the entire 2012 Jimmy Choo collection for Pepper. Of course she would upend an entire construction project for half a day just to give Tony some time with Steve. He felt a little guilty, but knew that Pepper wouldn't let the crew go home without a luxurious and well deserved dinner first.
alert him of Tony's presence. He was immensely grateful for it, but his stomach also churned with anxiety.
Tony?”
"Stevie! Back here!" He heard Tony calling from behind a pile of scrap metal. He found the man sitting cross legged on a table, tinkering with a big red glove.
"Thanks." Tony sat and was uncharacteristically quiet as everyone else continued their conversation with Bruce about his data after Thor's physical. Steve watched from the corner of his eye, it was odd that the normally opinionated genius wouldn't find the subject completely fascinating.
He spread his fingers wide, and squeezed Tony's ass, just to see what would happen. It made Tony jolt forward, he hissed out a string of curses.
your friend. I said I would do this for you, and I intend on seeing it through to the end."
"No." Steve lied, standing up, and started pacing the room in a fit of nerves. "Just - I wish things could go back to how they were before. I thought when we forgave each other, everything would go back to normal. But they haven't. I should've made more of an effort to tell him how I felt back when I had the chance but, I don't know. I guess I was always a little bit…"
But it was different with Steve.
"I'm pretty sure he's not a dick, Tony."
Steve walked back to the front of the room.
"I think you found a restaurant that turns into a dance hall after dark." Tony laughed, "Let's go see if the bar will give us more of those cute mojitos." He slid out of the booth, pulling Steve with him. They got their drinks, and Steve watched as Tony smiled bright, looking eager to join. He was swaying in time to the tempo, sipping his drink as he watched the couples dance with fire and enthusiasm. It was obvious that most of the people in here tonight were here for the dancing, they were all so great at it. For all Steve knew, they could have all been professionals, commanding the makeshift stage, turning and dipping their partners with ease.
"Hey Steve! What did you think of the game yesterday? Did you see those triples? Man, Hefner really doesn't need to be pitching anymore." Clint excitedly came up behind Steve. Well, there was no getting out of here now.
Steve couldn’t finish his sentence. With a forward jerk of her arms, she sent Steve flying back a few feet. The side of his cheek scraped against the rough gravel on impact.
“You spend way too much time on the internet, dude,” Clint said, “Is what you’re describing even a thing?”
“We have a map,” Clint shrugged.
Steve’s eyes snapped open, his heartrate soaring from the loud voice. His anger quickly subsided, it being replaced with an almost fond exasperation once he saw a blonde-haired male peering at him from above. His arm was circled around a cooking pot while the other held onto a large wooden spoon.
Wanda nodded, a twinge of apprehension in her voice, “Yes.”
He winced when he felt something sharp hit the side of his neck.
Her downturned eyelids suddenly snapped upwards.
“Couldn’t hear you over the music,” He said, stretching his arms to the side, “What’s up, Steve?”
Wanda’s heartrate increased, watching the horror unfold before her. Her hands shook; she had to do something. She couldn’t be afraid, not especially at a time like this.
“Oh, shit,” Clint’s voice was quiet, seeing that they were surrounded at all corners.
He brought her into a hug to which she returned. They let go of their short embrace, Steve giving her a quick but reassuring smile. Wanda couldn’t return it. Instead she peered over Steve’s shoulder, taking in the extent of the damage, a good deal of them caused by her powers alone. Some of the Hydra soldiers were knocked out cold, their bodies sprawled out against the ground while others could barely stand.
He couldn’t afford to do it at this moment or at any moment; he was unable to control what the Hulk did. The green creature had its own consciousness, fueled by utmost anger and destruction. If they were unlucky and the Hulk ended up fleeing the area and into town, they would be discovered. That was the worst case scenario. They were incredibly lucky it didn’t happen last time.
The blonde frowned, his innate suspicion flaring up. He took slow steps, his quiet footsteps managing to make the old flooring of the house creak. He headed towards the living room space, doing a quick glance over. All he saw were the old furnishings, couches with spots of cotton sticking out and a table with uneven legs, the objects not tampered with. But the burning question–
Steve slowly sat up, his clenched fists gripping onto the dry soil of the ground. Wanda was taken away, just like that. She was under Hydra’s possession. The scariest part was that Steve had an idea of what they had in store for her. He knew of the things they could possibly do to her. And the fact that he let it happen so easily, enraged him. He screwed up, big time.
“Your friends tried to, so we had to stop them.”
He fell.
“No, it’s just– never mind,” Steve stammered, “Just come up and eat something.”
“I’m still unconvinced they’re older than me.”
“How the hell would you know that? I don’t think you were in there with me,” Clint paused, and then gasped, “…That is, unless you were peeping on m–”
He was upset, livid at himself for letting this happen.
Before Steve could get up, he froze.
“I can get on board with that. I mean, if you actually got it working and then one of us learns how to drive…” Natasha said, “Imagine how much easier things would be for us. We don’t have to take hours to walk to the store.”
“After we move Tony’s car back to the house, you want to brush up on some throwing techniques?”
“Another dream?” Bruce said to Steve. He quickly glanced at Natasha, the red-head in the process of removing the sausage patties from the skillet onto a plate.
He felt the thick, greasy scent of overly-processed sausage patties and buttery eggs enter his sinuses the moment he reached the first floor. Once he entered the kitchen, the first thing he noticed was Natasha smacking Clint’s hand away from the skillet. The blonde yelped, dropping a sausage patty back into the pan.
Ahead of them were the endless, distinct rock formations that decorated the vast area, the trees barely able to envelop them. The hoodoos, rock spires, and balanced rocks were some of the many different variations. Steve often brought his sketchbook to sketch these different formations. He had a plethora of sketchbooks, most of them already completely filled with his artwork. The drawings would range from the vast landscape of the Chiricahua’s and other notable landmarks he saw through the internet and TV to portraits of different people. And since Coulson was really particular and thoughtful about each of their interests, he made sure to gift him a new, blank sketchbook each time he filled one.
“You won’t hurt me.”
“Y-yeah, yeah,” Bruce finally answered him, “That was close–”
The other five were in the same compromising positions, their bodies paralyzed and hands firm on their ears. Steve saw Wanda; she lay on her side in fetal position, blood slowly pooling out of her ears from the unbearable frequency of the noise. He could hear the muffled cries of pain from his friends, overshadowed by the high pitched buzzing.
“Okay, Cap, help me with this,” Tony broke Steve out of his reverie, causing the latter to frown.
Just to say this again, they don’t have wings, but their original superpowers, some of them with superpowers based on their abilities (if they weren’t superpowered in canon). The six main characters who are taken from that facility and live together are Steve, Tony, Natasha, Clint, Bruce, and Wanda.
“Took you long enough,” Loki said, he glanced to his back, seeing the helicopter had finally landed on the ground. Wanda was properly restrained in the back seat. She suddenly squirmed when she saw one of the Hydra soldiers place a damp towel over her mouth. Within seconds, her head fell forwards, her entire body becoming limp.
“Fuck…” His voice was strained as he watched his surroundings turn dark, the spotlight of his friends within the darkness becoming smaller and smaller. Everything felt like slow motion, his running feeling slower by the second. It felt like he was running in something viscous.
“Like an 11,” Natasha answered for him; she looked at Steve, “You’re always on edge these days.”
Yet he couldn’t move.
The others quickly noticed Wanda’s presence. Her long, billowy nightgown trailed behind her as she opened the fridge. She frowned, looking ahead at the near empty compartments. A near empty fridge meant that at least two of them, usually Steve and Nat, would take a long walk to the local grocer and use the stash of money that Coulson left them to stock up on essentials. It was a stressful ordeal for them because they would conjure up worst case scenarios that could happen if anything went wrong during one of their very rare ventures to the public. Not to mention, there would be a day where they’d run out of money. Having to resort to stealing would pile onto that whole nerve-wracking ordeal.
Without a second to waste, Steve bypassed the other four before reaching Wanda.
Then the worst possible thing happened.
He wouldn’t let them take any of his friends. He would rather swallow battery acid then willingly let one of those men get their hands on them. The thought of them having to relive the physical and emotional abuse they’ve experienced at the hands of the lab workers made him sick to his stomach.
"Tony - it's the only spot in the building where we can safely extract you, and at the same time take down the syndicate before they're able to reach for their weapons. We've got everyone in position. Besides, you dance all the time." Nat explained through his earpiece.
pocket. I wasn't going to ask you guys to
“Thanks, Nat. I’ll get ready.” He saw Natasha out and went back to his room to start changing. He had no idea how he could’ve forgotten about today. And how he could’ve done something
Steve sat up, threw on an undershirt and fixed his hair a little before turning on the lamp next to his bedside and accepting Tony's video chat. He wanted to look presentable, after all.
“I’m sure I won’t mind if I use a few of these.” Tony turned on the spectrometer he’d found on one of the work benches. “Please take notes, J. I’m sure your boss would love to have these.”
"Fury said?...But...y-you did all this?" Tony asked, barely above a whisper.
It was a confusing day.
Tony - disguised as Rudolph - was able to steal a cookie with Steve's name on it and munch it down because, and I quote, "That's how Santa keeps track of his naughty list, Steve! I'm doing you a favor!" Christine Everhart rolled her eyes behind the camera, but Steve couldn't stop smiling for the rest of the day.
"Cap? What's the word?" Tony turned to the other man.
"Sorry. It's just...remember how you said I should...well anyways Tony and I were talking yesterday-"
"Guess we could always sleep in the guest room next door. Rhodey doesn't mind us using his bed right?" Steve gave Tony a playful look as he finished cleaning him off.
Steve looked over, locking eyes with a small, older woman who gave him a meek smile. He smiled back.
"No, we're free." Natasha pointedly interrupted his excuses for them.
Tony looked it over. He read it a few times. When he heard Rhodey yelling at him to 'Hurry! Show me!' he held up the screen to the video camera on his flight table.
"It's easy! Come on, I'll lead!" Tony practically bounced to the dance floor. He guided them to a dark corner, where no one would get in the way, and positioned Steve's arms, one holding Tony's hand, and the other at his waist. They both paused for a split second, remembering that morning, when Steve woke up gripping Tony right there. Shaking it off, Tony looked back up and started his lesson.
When the elevator doors opened on his floor, he noticed a package sitting outside his front door. There was no address, or indication to who it was from or what it was, but he took it inside his apartment anyways. He knew that the mail service at the tower wouldn't drop anything off to him if it wasn't safe. Curious, he opened it right away. Inside were several items, but again, no note that he could find to see who it was from.
“Yeah, but I wanna win.” He said through a mischievous grin. Oh God, Tony was turning this into some kind of twisted game, where his ejaculation was the high score.
"It was no big deal, really. Just glad I could help." Steve watched, mesmerized by Tony's hands working so efficiently. He remembered the first time he'd been to Tony's lab, seeing the man work with small tools, fixing Ironman. Those hands, and fingers, so nimble and precise, could probably do wonders on his body, would feel so good in his...
“It’s almost 9, man.” Sam moved slightly, he was probably just going to lean on the doorframe, but Steve panicked, quickly turning off his phone’s screen and shoving it into his pocket. Sam raised an eyebrow at him. “You alright?”
"I do." Steve plainly answered, squeezing Tony's hand. Well, at least there was one straight answer from him. "I apologize. It's just an off day for me. I have a...personal problem. I've been trying to get something off my chest but...I just don't think I'm ready yet. But you don't need to worry about it, I promise."
He must’ve seen something, because in an instant, his worried expression turned confused, then sour, and he jumped back, snatching his hands away like he’d been burned.
“Didn’t you hear FRIDAY? I’m from a mirror universe. Another dimension, similar to yours.”
"That's delicious."
Now? Now he’d gone and lashed out - vomiting out all his emotions at the Adonis that broke him. In front of the friends that left him. For a world that would gladly tear him apart if it meant one more day of peace. And so he ran - like a coward - to the melody of delighted cheers from strangers that meant nothing to him. But he
me. I get that I messed up, but don’t accuse me of not trusting you. I trust you with my life.”
ugly, do you?"
"I love you too." Tony whispered, and Steve smiled wide.
"That's a big step, honey. But of course, I'll be gentle." Tony placed a small kiss behind Steve's ear before opening the bottle of lube, coating his fingers with a generous amount of slick.
like a ticking time bomb at the tower. Like they're afraid I'll turn them all in, like this is all just some elaborate scheme to arrest them. And Mr. Perfect keeps trying to talk to me, but I know he’s just angry about something or another, and wants to yell at me."
“Don’t be so dramatic. Out with it.” Bucky reached over with his chopsticks to offer Steve his favorite - a fried wonton. Steve put a hand up.
"I apologize for the intrusion, but Miss Potts would like to remind you that the vote takes place tomorrow at 7 AM sharp."
Tony rolled his eyes. "I'm sure you could. But there's no harm in asking for help if you need it. Got that?"
Dodgers in 1947."
"Wow, you're up early, Tony." Pepper pushed out the chair across from her with her heel. "Coffee's in the pot. Join us." Tony still hadn't moved from the entrance, still too dazed to understand what was going on.
"Looks like you're fine with this." Tony smirked, "Why? Did you want Chinese?"
"Next on the docket, we have Mr. Steve Rogers - Shareholder, Consultant. He has a brief aside for us before we continue with the rest of the agenda."
"A 10 minute flight isn't so bad. Plus
Finally, after a very long minute, he blinked and realized Tony was scratching the nape of his neck with so much tenderness. It felt amazing right now, but he was more worried about apologizing for how quickly he'd...popped.
7-21-12
He didn't need to wait as long for the next message. Or the one after that, or the next several messages to follow. He read them all, over and over, and smiled, and laughed out loud, and wiped the tears from his eyes, all the happy tears that he couldn't stop from escaping.
spot. They would go there to talk over Avengers strategy at first, but soon it became a place to talk about anything - their fears, their insecurities, their hopes. It was a much simpler time. A happier time.
"Y'didn't...ask me to." Steve plainly answered, then tried to shut Tony up with another kiss. The other man wasn't having it though.
"I didn't say all that." Pepper chuckled. She listened and offered a little input here and there as Tony rambled on and on to Jarvis about how Steve Rogers could get situated in the tower and Manhattan in general. After several minutes though, it was obvious he wasn't going to stop.
"Ready for the next stop?" Tony asked before sipping up the last of his drink.
"So. You disappeared earlier." She pulled Steve aside, away from any nosy agents that might be stalking the halls.
“Your freckles! They’re on the wrong side, idiot!” Tony ignored her, scoffing at Steve. “You couldn’t even get the mask right? And the hair, his bed head’s always parted to the left, asshole, right where his eyebrow wrinkle should be. You’ve got it all wrong. You really didn’t do much research, did you? It’s easy enough to find his pictures on the internet, you know.”
“I’m– I’m so sorry, Steve,” Wanda said, she choked on a sob, “I let it get out of control; I didn’t mean to–”
“Yeah, yeah, fine. If that keeps you from looking at me like I’m going to pass out any minute.”
Her eyebrows pulled together.
always lost. They were always bound to be taken back to Hydra’s main facility, to be poked at and prodded on as experimental subjects. Hydra
They actually found them.
Fixing an old, decrepit car, restoring a blown fuse, fixing a broken dryer and fridge, improving the household computer’s capabilities, creating safe but advanced weapons with the limited tools that they had, and designing all sorts of gadgets that made domesticity easier for the six – Tony was able to do all of these remarkable things at the ripe age of eighteen. His power…or rather ability was his magnanimous IQ. The facility had run some tests and boasted it to be within the 260-270 range.
“Actual food.”
“Nat, why must you be so negative all the time?” Tony said, picking his pace up and walking ahead of the other five. He made sure to take careful steps, otherwise he would trip over the natural incline of the mountainside.
Wanda looked like a shadow of herself. Her head was tilted, her eyes up and chin down, the crimson of her eyes making it seem like a completely different person overtook her. This was a vengeful, angry Wanda, one that wanted to destroy the people who stole any semblance of a normal life from her.
“Five minutes, we almost thought he–
Steve began to push, the car effortlessly moving under his strength. The movement was a little rocky, the flattened wheels of the Mazda and the rough terrain causing that. Tony slowly walked backwards, keeping a close eye on everything. The others also kept a close watch from the sides of the vehicle; if anything funny happened they would make sure to let Tony know.
The bickering voices of Clint and Natasha became louder as he left his room and went down the steps. He didn’t bother to change out of his sleepwear, opting to do that after eating a late breakfast and apologizing for keeping everyone else waiting. Steve was naturally good-natured like that, some of the others often rolled his eyes at his do-gooder persona, but he never quashed it. Old habits die hard.
“You don’t think Hydra actually killed him for taking us out of
“–That initially result from PTSD we all experienced. And the stress from those vivid dreams cause you to have more of these vivid dreams. It’s like a domino effect of some sorts,” Bruce interjected.
With a slight upward movement of her arms, the movements rhythmic and synchronized, two other Hydra soldiers that were gaining up on Clint flew up into the air. She slightly bent her arms to the left, causing the men to fly back. Her underestimation of her ability caused them to slam into the trees, an unsettling noise following the hard collision. They dropped to the ground like lifeless puppets.
Tony rolled his eyes and pursed his lips.
Steve was unable to argue with that, “Okay, how about you practice on one of Clint’s dummies, see if you’re able to keep your powers at bay before we actually train together.”
“We don’t have that kind of time,” Steve retorted, impatience lacing his voice. They had to devise a quick plan, one that involved them trying to rescue her as soon as possible.
The trees barely covered the glaring afternoon sun, the warmth directly hitting the six. That was pretty commonplace for a November in southeast Arizona, but it was a stark contrast from the chilly interior of the giant lab they were kept in at the Hydra facility. It took time for them to acclimate to the sharp change in “climate”. Coulson often told them they didn’t need to wear so much layers, as much as they insisted.
“Such a mother hen,” He mumbled, his lips tugging into a coy smile. He reached up to fix his own hair once Steve removed his hand, “Its fine, I’ll live with it.”
The six– or five of them rather, were finally situated around the kitchen table, the smallness of it causing them to crowd the area with their close proximities. Tony opted to sit on the counter, pushing himself on top of it, a sausage patty hanging out of his mouth. It was tradition, for them to eat all of their meals together, as a family.
“Come on, deep breaths, deep breaths,” Tony said, his form crouched down next to the other. Bruce was on his knees, his hands firmly cradling the sides of his head. His body was trembling, his breathing heavy and frantic.
Steve’s blue eyes darted to a cylindrical weapon one of the men held. He had no idea what they were, but what he knew was that these men were obviously here to take him and his family.
“I’ll get him,” He finally said, scooting his chair back before standing up.
“We haven’t fixed the car yet. We can’t go anywhere, unless we want to walk for hours to the nearest store and carjack someone else’s vehicle,” Tony spoke up.
Bruce ignored Clint’s sarcastic tone and took a seat across from Steve, who was now seated at the table. He looked like he wanted to be anywhere but here.
“Please tell him to ingest something that isn’t coffee grounds,” Natasha called out as she watched him leave.
He tilted his head, getting a better a look at the person. He had pale, almost sickly looking skin, black stringy hair falling past his shoulders. His wore an all-black suit, making his pale complexion stick out more. There was no Hydra logo in sight. He held onto a scepter that housed a glowing blue gem between its two sharp, curved blades. His other hand held onto a small, dark pill shaped device. A red light shone from it as his thumb was firmly pressing a button on it. That must have been source of the noise.
“You look like you are, caffeine jitters and all.”
“So far you haven’t. You’re good at keeping your powers under control,” Steve said, trying his hardest to keep a nonchalant air about this. He pointed to himself, a small smile forming on his face, “Super strength; remember?”
That was five out of the six that resided in this humble abode.
Hydra knew they were coming to this particular area. They
“I don’t know,” Natasha replied, absently dragging her fork against her plate while her other hand cupped her chin.
Tony’s jolly voice broke through their conversation. Steve and Wanda whipped their heads back and saw that the other four had a head start, their steps crunching through the small rocks and gravel.
“I’m gonna have to pass on that today,” He said instead, “You know that abandoned Mazda I told you about…the one that Bruce and I found together at the field like a few weeks ago - flat tires, busted ignition switch, cracked gas tank and windshield, and anything else wrong with a car you can think of? I’ve been visiting that area, every other day since then, and guess what? The car was still there.”
“Wanda, it’s me–!”
“Nat...” Steve said, his voice weak yet desperate.
“What about Tony’s car?” Wanda broke the silence, causing Tony’s eyes to drift towards her, “You wouldn’t shut up about it.”
“Glad I wasn’t the only one on the receiving end of that,” Steve said, causing Bruce to snort.
The other only exhaled through his nose, rubbing his temples.
“They’re not gonna find us, you know that?” Clint brought him out of his reverie. He must have noticed Steve’s downcast expression, “It’s been what – eight years since we’ve escaped. No one, not even Coulson, has suspected anything. They must have given up on us and moved onto different things.”
, but all of those years at the facility hit her the hardest. She earned the brunt of the abuse they faced due to her specific types of abilities – she was bound to stay closed off to other people by habit.
“He’s going to turn into the Hulk if I can’t calm him down,” Tony replied, his voice a shadow of his usually upbeat one. To Bruce, his power was more of a curse than a blessing. Any time he became too angry or even anxious, he would transform into a giant green beast, termed “The Hulk” by Tony. Coulson had taught him to suppress those emotions and he had successfully done that, that is, until Coulson left. Four years ago was the last time he transformed into the Hulk. That proved to be disastrous.
They were all going back to Siberia and there was nothing Steve could do.
There was no way he was going back to that facility.
“Fine, but I’ll have to push the car home if we plan on Tony getting it fixed soon,” Steve said. When Bruce was about to interject to possibly push aside his suggestion as he didn’t want Steve to put stress on himself, he continued, “–And don’t say no. It’s going to take a lot longer for any of you guys to push it uphill.”
Unfortunately for Clint, Steve was right. After “kidnapping” six kids from a guarded, almost top-secret Hydra-owned facility, Phil Coulson had a permanent target on his back. The most-likely diseased caretaker made a point of telling them this, that he could never live a regular life in the public eye again. None of them could.
A high pitched, ear-curdling sound suddenly rung out through the forest.
“We’re never going to live this down,” Clint added, expressing the same thoughts that Steve had kept for this whole time, “I didn’t think he of all people would side with them.”
“We have stop her!” He could hear Clint’s voice. The Hydra soldiers weren’t gaining up on them anymore; everything seemed to be under control, everything but Wanda’s inability to control her telekinetic powers.
Steve paused. As blunt as Clint was sometimes, he was surprised he would be so upfront about such a serious topic. Steve might have walked right into that; he wasn’t exactly Mr. Optimism with this entire situation.
He nodded, his mind trying to fight off that debilitating impulse.
So far, it’s worked well for them.
Steve pushed himself away from Natasha’s hold before heading towards Wanda. He could see the soles of her feet no longer touching the ground as a crimson cloud of energy surrounded her. Truth be told, Steve had no idea what he was doing but any second wasted wasn’t worth it. He or the others didn’t have to deal with Wanda’s powers spiraling out of control, for as long as he could remember. The facility, however, had many mishaps involving her unpredictable powers. This was uncharted territory for them.
His hand violently shook as he brought it up to his cheek, feeling blood pool at that area. The back of his head pounded as he pushed himself up.
What scared Steve the most were the frequency of these dreams. They became more frequent, especially in the past month. He would have them almost two times a week.
Steve frowned, a little taken aback by Bruce’s sudden deviation onto such a question. He knew what the other was trying to do, but he quickly assumed that it wouldn’t be much of any help as much as it helped Bruce deal with his own afflictions.
Clint had caught up to him, playfully wrapping his arm around the shorter boy’s neck. The two wrestled each other, Tony trying to remove the blonde’s arm while the other kept him in a firm headlock. Steve pursed his lips to the side, watching the two boys get lost in their childish horseplay. Clint’s “take it back”’s contrasted with Tony’s “After you get off of me, Legolas!” as they continued to grapple with each other.
“I don’t know,” Steve finally said, “I do believe he’s…not alive anymore. Most of us do. He put his life in danger and ruined any prospect of a career to rescue us. There’s no reason why he’d leave us and not come back.”
“We can still go out for a normal walk,” Steve spoke up, “We could all use the fresh air.”
Steve never thought this day would come.
“Guys, let’s gooo!”
“How are you feeling, Steve?” Bruce was the first speak. Beside him, Tony was uncharacteristically silent, a level of concern clouding his features.
“I thought we haven’t gotten to that yet,” Wanda said, facing Steve, “We did foot and hand techniques and a little bit of the standing ones. I want us to practice those.”
you Tony. It’s plain as day. You’re the only one who doesn’t see that, or you think he’s got some kind of distorted view of you after meeting this Other-You. Well guess what? He’s wanted you way before that. He’s wanted you since he met you. Even
"Yeah..." Steve couldn't breathe, he knew then and there that he wanted Tony. Wanted to be his fella. Wanted Tony by his side through thick and thin. He'd already found a person he could trust completely, and wished he knew how to tell him so. Well, he needed to start somewhere, right? It was time to be brave. "Could I..would y-you uh, you want to have dinner with me sometime?"
not distract him.
It turned out that this project was an attempt to build an arc reactor power grid for an entire city. Specifically, the capital of a country named Tajikistan, that was way on the other side of the world. That should've been simple enough of a task for a billionaire philanthropist, seeing how Tony already had a large portion of Manhattan running on reactor power, and every SI building in the world relied solely on clean reactor energy. Technically, there were no issues. The problem was that, while Tony was the inventor of the arc reactor and the new element it housed, he had given the patent rights to his company to use for clean energy, meaning they had control over what the reactor could be used for.
That's how they spent that afternoon. Tony showed Steve the wonders of online streaming services, and how to have Jarvis pull up anything he wanted to watch.
"Helping the country of Tajikistan is symbolic, and Mr. Stark knows the long term effects it will have, even if you all don't see his vision. It will help millions of people in a real and tangible way, yes. But it shows the world what Stark Industries is capable of, and puts clean reactor energy on the map as a viable alternative to oil and gas. Developed countries all over the world will notice the results and flock to buy the rights to usage. I'm sure the families of your stockholders wouldn't disagree with the continued benefits this will provide to their children, and grandchildren - both financially and environmentally. This is a step in the right direction for the future of this company. I know you will all make the right decision."
"Looks like he didn't like the dark pants though." Steve handed her phone back, "See? After you sent the photo of the back of the dark ones, he says 'You're killing me' and some yellow crying faces."
“That seems like a whole lot of change just over one small thing.” Steve countered.
“What?” Steve let go of him and stepped back, looking him up and down cautiously. “Jarvis?”
Public speaking? No problem. Fighting aliens when you're severely outnumbered and outgunned? Piece of cake. Going to war on the other side of the world? Steve could do that in his sleep.
Well. If he couldn't have Steve like that, then at least he could try to be a good person and be a genuine friend for him.
"Fuck. He just texted me."
"Because we did all that too. We - well...
"They
Steve laughed, throaty and loud. Tony beamed. He'd made Steve laugh. It was such an exhilarating feeling, to see his childhood hero like this, because of him.
"Need a hand?" He reached out an arm for Tony to grab onto, and the smaller man eagerly held on as Steve pulled them through to a less crowded spot.
"Mmm." Tony hummed as he chewed.
"Okay." He so eloquently answered. Thankfully, the server brought out some chocolate covered grapes just then, so Steve popped a few in his mouth. Surprisingly, the sweet treat was excellent following the caviar, playing on the contrasting flavors. Steve wondered if Tony had been here before, and made a mental note to bring him sometime. He would love this.
After an agonizing minute, Tony seemed to have come to some sort of conclusion. He snapped back to reality, and straightened up, not letting go of Steve's hand.
"Yeah."
"Because of the war in Afghanistan?" Steve remembered reading about that in the SHIELD packets.
it was Steve. It was always Steve.
"Aye! Your measuring devices were no match for my great mass!"
"He's going on a date with Tony tonight. He needs advice." Natasha informed.
He caught himself. It's not the first time he realized he'd been thinking about Tony again. Why was Tony stuck in his head? He shook it off, maybe it's just because he's the only person he's been consistently texting with during this whole trip. It's no big deal. He'd see him tomorrow, have a good time, then continue his travels. No big deal at all.
"Yes! And we talked about everything!" Tony excitedly turned towards him. "About how we both had trouble sleeping, and how you missed everyone from your past life, and how I felt like I always need to try to redeem myself. How we both love hot brothy soups on cold nights like that one, so we ordered in some phở from the Vietnamese place across the street and ate and talked all afternoon on the roof until sunset."
“Hey, don’t do that.” Steve patted him on the head. “If you get too tense, you’ll hurt your back. Come on.” He rubbed Tony’s neck right in the perfect spot, making Tony’s spine shiver.
Following a concerning hissing noise, he found his way to Tony, who was crouched behind one of his suits in slacks and a black muscle shirt. His jacket and a white work shirt were thrown haphazardly over the chair next to him, so it seemed he'd come here straight after work.
As he waged an internal battle, the elevator dinged and opened to their floor. No, really. Their
“Sir? I must ask you to verify your credentials.” A booming voice from above him.
"I'm in it to win it, Stevie." Tony squeezed his hands back, settling his nerves. He could do this.
to them - which you should do sometime, by the way. But that doesn’t make me a better person, and it certainly doesn't make me perfect.”
“It’s not another- fine yes!” Tony gave an exasperated huff. “You know what? It
That sounded like a lot of work, but it seemed Jarvis got it done in just a few seconds, then Tony showing him all sorts of different things he could do on his phone. He knew he could take photos with it, though he'd never tried it, but was fascinated at just how much he could do on the apps Jarvis had added for him. Tony showed him how to search for music, videos, news and even some colorful games he could play on the phone itself.
"Not at all." Steve scooted closer and reached out slowly, as not to spook the other man, then gently pulled his hand down. "It's actually amazing." He quickly let go though, thinking it might be insensitive to say the least. He rubbed the back of his neck and moved away. "Sorry. I guess it's not so amazing when it's necessary to keep you alive, huh?"
looks like!” He held his stomach. “Captain America has seen my dick!”
to say it. All of it. No matter how much it hurt.
Then, Tony lit up like a Christmas tree. "Our anniversary is coming up soon, actually! We’re going to celebrate in Nevada this year. I’m getting him a sporty old 67’ Camaro. It’s a surprise, so he can drive us around when we get there. Wood interior, the designers are almost done with it. What do you think? Think you’d like it?”
“You okay?” Tony called out.
There was Steve, the eldest of them all at eighteen. He was the undesignated leader of the group. Though, it was natural of him to take on that role, due to his age and especially after Coulson had left all those years ago. His no-nonsense, cautious demeanor and acquisition to lead brought this on. Next came Natasha, who trailed a few months behind Steve in age. Her cunning and savvy personality made her the most adaptable to the world outside of them, at least compared to the others. It was why going out for a trip to the faraway grocery store didn’t faze her too much. If they ever found themselves in a sticky situation, they were confident she’d be able to get them out of it.
“Breakfast,” The other, as-a-matter-of-factly, said. Tony almost snorted at the pun Steve made, but refrained from doing so.
“That’s not a bad idea. None of us have to worry about you being too far from the house.”
Tony and Bruce hurriedly made their way towards them. Steve peered over Natasha’s shoulder, noticing that Tony’s vehicle was left to the side, untouched.
So, it was just a dream.
He always told them that if they did things right, they would continue to live a safe, peaceful life in the middle of nowhere, Arizona. He told Steve and the others that there was an ‘almost none’ to zero chance that they would get themselves involved in a situation where they were forced to put their powers to use – where they had to defend themselves from a threat. Yet, he still trained each of them.
Seldom using her actual powers, Wanda opted to train in close combat. Coulson understood this due to her unpredictability of them and the trauma she faced from being forced to strain herself to the highest degree by the facility. Wanda had never unlocked the full capacity of her powers as much as Hydra wanted her to, regardless of how young she was at the time. After they escaped, she was taught to suppress them because Coulson knew the extent of what could possibly happen if they were left unchecked.
“Hey! He’s down now, so I’m eating,” A very hungry Clint said, seeing Steve enter the kitchen from the corner of his sight. He attempted to grab the patty again.
“Like shit,” He replied, surprising everyone else by his not-so-colorful language. Although they knew he often did it when he was beyond stressed out. After all, he wasn’t really going be like himself after witnessing his longtime friend get kidnapped by sadistic people who wanted to experiment on her like a lab rat.
Steve’s voice came to an abrupt halt when he saw Tony swing it open from the other side. Tony’s usually immaculate pitch black hair was disheveled, his safety goggles barely obscuring that. His prominent brown eyes had giant dark circles below them while his t-shirt was wrinkled and his jeans hung loose on his body, his belt barely holding them up. He looked worse for wear; a single night of sleep was obviously evaded by him.
…the day Hydra would find out about their whereabouts.
Natasha and Clint helped Steve back up to his feet. His entire body was aching. All of those injuries he amassed really did a number on him. At the end of the day, that mattered the least to him. What mattered was formulating a well-thought out but doable plan that involved finding out where they took Wanda, and then getting her back in one piece. He had to get her back.
‘Almost none’ still meant that it could happen.
The five glanced down at their feet, seeing the pebbles and rocks shake under them.
“Are you sure?” He finally replied.
Her body was limp against their firm holds as the noise invaded her ears. She couldn’t fight back. None of them could. The loud noise clearly immobilized them. Those two Hydra soldiers – all of them, actually – on the other hand, were unaffected. They all sported special ear plugs that made them immune to it.
“What would we do without our little genius?” Clint teased, causing the other to scoff at the tongue-in-cheek.
“You don’t recognize me?” The person said, a feigned look of offense forming on his features.
Steve knew where this was headed.
That was when Clint hurled the rock towards one of the Hydra soldiers with the cylindrical contraption, perfectly hitting and dislodging the weapon from his hands. Natasha sped past him, her red hair a blur. Before any of the other men could catch her, she leaped up and placed the same one Clint attacked in a chokehold between her legs before spinning them both around and bringing him down with her signature flying triangle maneuver.
“’Morning, Wanda,” He greeted.
“Sounds good–”
That was where Tony would often recluse himself from the others to work on his contraptions or “inventions” as he liked to call them, when he wasn’t yapping away and being his normally eccentric, loud self. He could hear the booming noise of some sort of genre of rock music, probably classic rock, coming from the entrance of the room.
, would kill you on the spot,” Natasha said, disgust tattered in her voice when she said his name.
Steve looked beside him, the glaring numbers of his desk clock reading 11:06 A.M. Much to his chagrin, everyone else was probably awake by now. By everyone else, he meant the five others – including Clint and Nat – that Coulson also rescued, the ones that he had lived with in this cabin house for eight years and counting. To him, they were friends, family, people who he vowed to protect at all costs and lay his life on the line for if the time came for it.
"Hey! Here." Tony had followed him to the corridor, away from the others. He handed over Steve's notepad and pencil. Sheesh, Steve really was off his game today. "You're leaving already?" Tony asked in a soft voice, and Steve's heart melted. "I thought you were gonna stay and sketch for while. It's a clear day, good visibility from the windows, you know."
and smirked internally. For the first time ever, he was glad to be recognized for his superhero persona. It seemed no one had noticed him before this moment, as every set of eyes in front of him looked on, wide with anticipation. Pepper, the dear, sweetly introduced him.
“You don’t malfunction, J.” Tony smiled. “God, I missed you.”
"Like, good tension? So maybe he likes you but didn't realize you were trying to kiss him." Tony had called Rhodey the moment the jet doors closed, and he couldn't believe how laid back he was being about all this. Just saying stuff like that as if it was no big deal.
friends.” Tony responded. “Good teammates, maybe. Good at working together. But ‘friends’ might be a stretch.”
fast.
"Happy birthday, Capsicle!"
"No." Steve had the box clutched to his chest this whole time. "There's lot'sa good memories too. After we left the camp, the Commandos made it their official cig, and we'd share stories at night around a campfire and the guys would smoke 'em. Bucky used to try to pick up dames by offering them a smoke outside the nightclubs. I remember one time we went to a game at Ebbets Field after saving up for a few months. We got to see a grand slam and Red Barber sent down a whole carton to the team." he chuckled and looked at Tony with red eyes. "That was in 41'. One of the only games I'd ever been at. And SHIELD tried to pretend it was a live radio broadcast when they first woke me up."
“No, thanks, J.” Tony answered as he looked around, taking in all the different projects this Other-Stark seemed to be working on. “I’m from a parallel universe. Just switched places with your Tony Stark for a while. He’s in my lab, and he’ll be back safe and sound in exactly 8 hours. I’ll just be running some tests around here to collect some data on inter-dimensional travel.”
So why was it so hard to just tell Tony how he felt?
Thank you all so much for all your kind comments and kudos that kept me going! If there wasn't a whole pandemic going on, and if this wasn't the internet, I would find each and every one of you and ask for permission to accept a hug from me!
in this universe?
"I really owe you one." Steve stood up and raised his arms to pop his back, a little of his skin showing as his shirt rode up.
“It’s me, Tony! It’s Steve! What’s-”
"I didn't even know SHIELD gave you a secretary." Tony smiled as he sat, motioning for Steve to join him.
why." Tony looked at Steve's blank expression and realized that Steve had missed out on all the xenophobic repercussions of 9/11. "Well, some people right now aren't too fond of the Middle East or countries nearby, or honestly any country with a foreign sounding name even."
"Sure, baby." Steve gave in, so easily. He was a little nervous though, they'd never shared a shower together. In fact, there were a lot of things they still hadn't done together, which was fine, really. He'd have the rest of his life for firsts with Tony. For instance, they still hadn't used the word 'love' in front of the other. That was fine, Steve figured he would wait until he knew this was a sure thing. Really though, every day with Tony had been better than the last, and he couldn't imagine a life without him anymore.
bad, Tony." Pepper rolled her eyes, "Tell me, why would Steve Rogers need access to your lab?"
"Thank God!" Tony gasped once they were near the table again. "I thought I was gonna drown in hipster hormones and sweat. Barton is crazy to make us come here." He eyed the empty table Steve had just been sitting in. "You alright? Why aren't you with the others?" Tony asked.
"Yes, please." Steve was agitated at the traffic. What was going on with this city? How were there this many people living here?
"-That I was here this entire time? I apologize,
"Yep!" Tony smiled and snapped a picture of Steve, who had opened the pack to smell it, relishing his gift. "It's a good thing you weren't too disappointed at Dodger Stadium today, I didn't exactly have a backup gift, and the originals are hard to find. But I know some people so-" Tony stopped, Steve was crying. He rushed down and put his hands on the soldier's arms. "Hey, hey! Oh shit, I fucked up didn't I? Steve, I'm sorry. Here, let me get rid of it."
"What?" Steve sounded like a broken record.
Tony placed a hand on Steve’s and gave him a soft look, encouraging him to go on.
"Chocolate chip banana pancakes."
to him!?”
. Will that be a problem?"
"Like I said, we'll always be here for you."
"Fuck." He tried to grab something, anything, but there was nothing nearby. Tony, feeling Steve's balls pull up, grabbed both of Steve's hands with his and held on tight, pushing his face down and swallowing the soldier's hot spunk until there wasn't a drop left.
"Sir?"
"Oh come on! You guys were supposed to be the judges! We can't end in a tie!" Tony whined to the rest of the Avengers.
“Sir?” FRIDAY finally spoke up.
He couldn’t believe how stupid he’d been just days ago - wondering how he and Tony could move in together to the penthouse so quickly after having sex for the first time. It was ironic, now he didn’t know how he would be able to stay away.
Curiosity got the best of him, since it was unlikely that anyone would text him unsolicited. It was a photo message from Tony. That was odd, seeing how Steve was usually the one sending him photos.
that these science experiments are important to you, but while I’m gone...you can’t just do something so dangerous without telling someone. Anyone. Please, Tony. I just don’t want you getting hurt.”
"Are you kidding me?" Pepper pulled Steve away from the crowd, "I knew you would be able to sway some of the spineless airheads to see it our way, but you even managed to get Williams to shut his mouth for once! You should seriously consider joining the team."
Steve sat up in bed. Okay. Come on, soldier. You can do this.
know how that stuff works, right?” Bucky teased through a mouthful of noodles. “Or do you need us to teach you? I don’t mind going to grab a banana and a condom real quick.”
Well, Steve didn't know where to go from here. He didn't want to make any other move, Tony wasn't drunk, but he'd had a few drinks earlier, so it wouldn't be right to say anything else tonight. Instead, he mustered up what little courage he had left to move closer.
"I don't mind it." Tony rubbed his chest. "I mean, yeah. It was really scary when it happened." Steve knew all about Afghanistan, but it was different hearing it from Tony. "That's part of the reason I get panic attacks sometimes. But I'm proud of what I built, and the arc reactor does a lot more than just keep me alive. It's the key to clean energy too, so I really love it actually." He blinked and saw Steve staring again, "Uh, but yeah. Not so great looking sticking out of my chest."
"Um...Would you like to..." - "Hey, so...um." They spoke up at the same time. Their eyes met, and they couldn't help it - they both let out a relieved chuckle. It seemed they understood each other.
been relaxed, really. Up until now, that is.
And Wanda, don't get me started on the secrets she keeps.
“No! No, don’t apologize. It’s just-” Steve thought for a second. “Well, yes. It’s a little weird. But only because I remember that night so clearly. I do remember looking at the sunset. But the light hit me all weird, and I had to look away to rub my eyes. When I looked back to Tony, he was staring, but I figured he was just worried that I’d blinded myself or something, so I laughed it off and said we should call it a night.” Steve deflated. “My Ma always told me to never look directly at the sun. Well, shit.”
"Thanks so much Toooooo-" Steve stretched into a big yawn. "Ah. Excuse me. I'm usually not even that sleepy around this time." It was true. Steve had stayed up well past 2 or 3 am most nights since waking up from the ice, often distracting himself from facing his demons until he was exhausted enough to sleep a couple hours.
no sides. I-…
“Think they’ll be okay with me?” He asked. “Even after ignoring them for so long?”
A beat passed, and Steve let out a snort.
“Tony, really?” Steve let out an exasperated scoff. “I’ve been worried sick about you, looking for you, praying to God that you’re alright, and you’re just...look, you think we don’t care about you, but how are we supposed to show you that we care when you won’t even tell us what’s going on?"
"And he took off my helmet, then he was just - I don't know. Running his fingers through my hair, I guess?"
, finally talking to me, being with me." He beamed at him, and Tony hesitantly smiled back. “I’m actually kind of glad we met them. They brought us together, after all.”
Don't worry, just a couple more chapters of sad babies before they work things out :)
Steve cleaned himself up, and made his way back to his room to get ready. He'd need to be prepared if he really wanted to help Tony - his
"What?" Tony shot up an eyebrow and looked at Steve, who was grinning.
forgotten. The New Hero Deal - the new name for the amended Accords - had been signed by everyone just a couple weeks ago. It was worldwide news at the time, and when it was first announced, everyone that signed had been bombarded with interviews, cameras and meetings with national leaders from all around the world. They took some time off to move in and adjust to their new teammates. But the press conference today was their first public appearance together. The whole team would be there.
“Maybe.” Tony scooted closer too.
The other thing they still hadn't... let's just say Steve still considered himself a virgin, even though they had done plenty with their hands and mouths over the last few weeks. But Steve was determined to change that tonight, their first night back home after their completed road trip, and the first night they were officially moved in together.
“Yeah. I know you want to cum, honey.” Tony spoke into his crotch, as if he was speaking to his dick. It would’ve made Steve chuckle, if he wasn’t barely grasping onto his sanity at the moment. “But you’re going to have to wait a little longer. I want to make you cum harder than that Other-Tony did.”
"Maybe." Steve found his chance. "Guess we'll find out exactly how much he can carry in a couple months when we're all in Tajikistan." Tony's eyes shot up to his at that.
"You're amazing! I never thought they would vote yes. Not in a million years. Pepper was shocked! Even Williams too! We did it! YOU did it! We can start building in September! Did I tell you that you're awesome yet?"
He was just dismounting when he heard a voice from behind him.
"No votes. Jim gets to pick, he's our guest." She smiled back at the Colonel, and in the next moment Jarvis was turning down the lights and queuing up the movie.
“Fuck, Tony.” Steve was going crazy. The way Tony looked right at him as he fucked himself open on his fingers, he was really going to go insane. And they way the other man kept using those fond nicknames, the way he moved so perfectly, like he knew every inch of Steve's body, and made him feel so cared for. He didn’t know what he did today, what he’d done in the last month, or ever in his life, to deserve this, but he realized with a start that he needed to at least
! Every time you see me, it’s like you’re walking on eggshells. That’s why I keep hiding from you. God forbid you feel threatened in your own home. I certainly wouldn’t know what
Clint jumped up from where he'd been guarding their pile of clothes. He looked over Nat's shoulder to inspect the message. "Nope!" He grinned, "He
“Hm..” Tony contemplated for a second before smiling up at his husband. “That could make for a nice play area, don’t you think?”
“I was gonna do it this time!” Bucky pulled out a box of potstickers and popped one in his mouth.
"Maybe I could give you guys some earpieces so I can listen in-"
"Aw, that's too-huh? How do you know....wait. I KNEW IT!
"Yeah! Let's figure it out then. Lead the way."
“You didn’t…you didn’t want...” Steve’s smile turned to despair, so Tony immediately put a stop to it.
"Uh... Yeah. I, um. I guess. If, if you're into that." Steve felt his ears burn.
He also had his arms stretched out in front of him. Steve didn't hesitate, didn't even think or say a word before barreling into Tony, hugging him tight.
Steve’s hands were maybe a little clumsy, but he found purchase around Tony’s soft waist. Tony didn’t hesitate, or give any warning. He dove right in, one hand guiding Steve’s head to the side just right, and his hot lips were on him in the next moment, his tongue immediately finding its way into Steve’s mouth.
“Lies.” Tony cornered Steve against a wall. “What is the security code, FRIDAY? You’ve clearly been hacked.”
Steve laughed, "Guess it's not so bad from the inside."
! You left because you didn’t trust me when I told you I’d fix the Accords, when I told you I’d take care of Wanda.”
Somehow...he didn’t see shock or disgust in their faces. Instead, Bucky knocked Steve on the shoulder, and patted Tony’s head in a friendly, almost
And so Tony got to work.
"J, pull up all Stark patents between 74' and now. May be something useful there. Search all key phrases and get back to me."
Towards the end of their meal, Tony finally arrived, with a small white plastic bag under his arm.
"Looking good, Speed Racer. Ya miss me?"
Steve decided to just go to bed. Tony was getting to him, and he didn't even know why. He didn't like seeing Tony upset, especially not at him. It felt like their fight on the helicarrier all over again. Like they were fighting about nothing, like there was something else they were really trying to say to each other.
He had promised Pepper he would stay the entire night. But he hadn't promised to be sober through it.
"Thanks Tony." Again, Steve felt like he was being swept away in a rush, but it was better than sitting in his room alone with his own thoughts, so he didn't mind.
"Then why was he so obsessed with you?"
!" Tony wasn't letting this go.
Steve was still stuck on the fact that they would be sharing a room. As they boarded the elevator alone, Steve holding all their sushi, and Tony scrolling on his phone, he began to wonder what that might mean.
“No.” Steve cut him off. “That’s exactly what I’m talking about. You think I’m perfect, just because the team gravitates towards me. But you’re wrong. Sure, they know me better, because I’m around, I
"Ow." He said to himself, rubbing his nose. This interrupted his rut, and when he opened the new message from Tony, he couldn't help but smile wide.
in that dimension.” Steve explained.
As they kept texting back and forth, Tony wondered if he could convince the soldier to give him a private fashion show tonight.
He looked through his list. All things he'd learned about himself on this trip. It was interesting, a lot of these things he learned just in the small amount of time he was around Tony. The other man really liked to test his limits and though Steve was usually hesitant, he appreciated the push. Snapping his notebook shut, he started to make his way back to his bike. It was time to head home.
But first, he had to get his thoughts in order. Once he was back in the penthouse, he took a long, hot shower, thinking back to his conversation with Pepper. She’d made it clear that Steve really liked him. It was still hard to believe, but he couldn’t ignore all the signs. Steve wouldn’t have done...
“Shit! 4:30 already?” Tony jumped out of his seat. “It’s almost sunrise! I should’ve done these first.” He gathered up the parts to his telescope and a few notepads. “J, no one is up yet, right?”
"Of course. Sir is heading that way this morning as well." Steve perked up, then Jarvis continued. "In fact, it seems he is sending you a message as we speak."
"We...I...uh, last night. I tried to stay up to read that last article but...I guess I must've nodded off too. And when I woke up this morning...I was still in your bed. We, uh..." He trailed off. Was it weird to say they cuddled? Did he even need to mention that part? He searched Tony's face for any indication of anger or disgust, but the other man's expression remained neutral. He didn't even realize they were standing there in silence for several seconds until Tony blinked and seemed to come back to Earth.
“You wouldn’t come here if you didn’t want me butting in, Tones.” Pepper prodded. “So?” Tony poked at his ice cream for a minute before quietly asking, without looking up.
Whatever thing Other-Tony had done, or said, so perfectly that it made Steve love him back.
"Hah. 'New' he says." Tony gave him a lopsided smile as he handed Steve his white bag. No one else seemed to be paying attention, too engrossed in their own conversation about how much alcohol they would be ordering at the game, so Steve opened it, and pulled out two baseball hats. One was blue and said Mets on it, the other grey and said Dodgers. "I figured you wouldn't be a Yankees kind of guy." Tony shrugged. "So it's probably one of these. Thought you might make up your mind at the games, it's Mets vs. Dodgers. It's the perfect time to see all your boys play."
Steve was whisked away and finally Tony plopped him down on a chair at a patio table, overlooking the whole street. Tony was off, talking to one of the restaurant workers. Steve took the opportunity to look around. This was a Mexican restaurant. Must have been pretty authentic too, since he now recognized the language everyone was speaking as Spanish, and his eyes almost bugged out of his head when he realized Tony was speaking Spanish too! That man continues to amaze me, he thought, when he saw Tony heading back towards the table with a huge yellow drink in each hand.
“He’s right you know.” Sam sat in the chair next to them. “What’s the worst that could happen? It’s already going to be awkward to be around him, I’m sure.”
what you took away from it? That’s
“You don’ know that.” Tony mumbled.
“P-please, baby. How I l-like it...H-h…” Tony tried to vocalise but couldn't. Steve slowed his pace.
"I swear, these people, Steve. Thank your lucky stars you never have to meet 'em. You know they're the reason I have a separate SI entrance at the tower right? God, imagine if they ran into YOU? Let's just say, I'm sure you'd rather go mano-a-mano with our friend Loki again than spend 5 minutes at a luncheon with these people."
"What about when I make you come to stupid work parties with me?"
“Mmm..” Tony didn’t feel like explaining the intricate differences between mirror universes, much less the infinite possibilities of parallel universes. So he decided to just answer the question. “No. Not seeing anyone.”
"I thought that you might like to know, Las Vegas offers some excellent options for a breakfast buffet, if you would like some suggestions."
"Of course, Captain."
"I yield my time."
Steve walked over to the table Tony had pointed at and wondered what in the world he was supposed to get in all that mess. Thankfully, Jarvis must have anticipated this, because he pulled up a holoscreen in front of him. It was highlighting what looked like a big complicated-looking hose, a fancy looking pen, the gloves sitting next to it, and two of the wires Tony was currently chewing on.
"Yes?" Now Steve was getting frustrated. "Isn't that what you wanted? Did I do something wrong?"
Steve tried to move. His legs were still a little shaky, but he managed to get up far enough to reach up and place one hand on the bed.
“Haven’t seen him. Sorry, Cap.” Natasha answered. “Maybe we should call? He might’ve slept in.”
the matter?"
"Oh. Of course. I mean, yes. Sure. I'd love to." Steve didn't know why Pepper made him so nervous, but he wasn't about to deny her request. The last thing he wanted to do was get on her bad side.
"That's my queue. Sorry to cut it short, Grandpa. Romanoff and Birdbrain share the floor below yours, Brucie's usually around here somewhere, so ask them or Jarvis if you need anything. You remember how to get to the garage if you need your bike?"
Steve could've cried.
"Mkay." Tony closed his eyes and tried to get some sleep.
Frantically opening a few more nearby doors, he finally found a bathroom and practically ran inside. He splashed his face with ice cold water, shocking himself into being fully awake. Crap. It's not that he didn't like Tony. Quite the contrary, he'd noticed a while back that he was becoming more and more attracted to the man. Or the idea of him? He wasn't precisely sure, as they hadn't exactly spent a lot of time together. Or had they? Really, if he thought about it, Tony was the closest friend he had in the future - the now. Steve was becoming more and more used to the idea of this time being his home. Of Tony being my home. Fuck, there I go again. It always comes back to Tony, doesn't it? Get it together, Rogers. He needs you right now. What he doesn't need is all this extra...stuff...when he's going through something that's important to him.
“No.” Steve plainly answered. “If you’re Tony Stark, then I trust you. Plus, I know my husband. He’s smart enough to find a way back if he needs to.” He said with utmost confidence. Wow. Why couldn’t the Steve back home trust him like this one did?
“S-Steve…don’t...” Tony weakly whimpered, but he found that he wasn't pulling away, instead he was desperately clutching on to Steve. This is where he wanted to be. This is where he
"Oh." Tony leaned forward, and put down his drink. There was silence for a minute, the air thick with anticipation, and Steve was going to spill over and extend an apology for asking when he finally answered.
"Can you believe him? The nerve, he thinks I'm a caveman!" Steve fumed.
choosing himself. They were joined now, two pieces of one whole. Steve’s happiness was Tony’s and Tony’s happiness was Steve’s.
"Yes, sir."
"Oh God, don't get me started, Spangles."
"I'm sorry-" Steve started.
“W-what?” Steve looked over at him.
"Wow." Steve got the itch. "Just wish I'd brought my-" Tony cut him off by handing him a sketch pad and pencil. Steve took them and beamed.
"I don't know Tony, I've never played on any of these before."
If Steve wanted to find out if they had indeed been flirting all night, he'd have to take a leap.
"What if there's a scam artist who figures out who he is? He isn't exactly the stealthy type." He waved his screwdriver in the air. "Someone is bound to take advantage of him. He's so trusting! He'll probably think every American he meets is a 'swell fellow' and recites the national anthem before bed."
Tony wasn’t a religious guy, but maybe the God in this universe just liked him more. He really couldn’t come up with any explanation. All other factors seemed to be the same. Most of history was identical to the history back home. There were just a few small differences in recent time, though he couldn’t place exactly when or where the change started.
quickly.” He kept looking through Steve’s phone, pulling up article after article of text. The Ironman suit retracted, housing itself back into his chest plate. Steve could see now, on his right hand - his ring finger. This Tony was wearing a ring. Though it was on the wrong hand, it was definitely a wedding ring, with a gorgeous band under it - a dark metallic gold. The same color as the Ironman suit he’d just been wearing. “Come on. Need to go to the lab.” Without a second thought, Tony was walking out into the hallway.
Steve felt like a total party-pooper, hiding in the corner like this. It was Clint's birthday, and he'd
you a board mem- wait. You
It was still mid afternoon, but he decided he needed to sleep this off. Tomorrow, he would wake up and feel better. So he checked into the first dingy motel he found, set his phone to charge on the stand, and covered himself up in all the blankets he could find in the room.
“S’kay.” Tony wasn’t deterred at all. Steve slowly pulled out, then he sat back to catch his breath. Tony carefully turned to face him, and then he had a lap full of a very, very affectionate Tony kissing him all over. Not that he minded - it was nice to see this side of Tony. One that wasn’t afraid to show how he felt - and wow was Steve completely wrong all these years about what he’d thought Tony felt. Tony had always been a touchy person with those close to him, sometimes even with Steve, once upon a time. But now that it was all directed at him, full force - it was heady. And he never wanted it to stop.
“Me either.” Steve understood him. He knew they both wouldn’t last very long. But he wanted to make Tony feel amazing, that was his only goal right now, so he took a deep breath, trying to stave off his impending orgasm, and powered through. He repositioned himself, taking Tony firmly by the back of his neck. Tony’s head fell back, and he blinked up at him, his mouth open in lust.
“No?” Steve asked, and Tony just huddled deeper into his chest in response. “Then what, Tony? What do you want from me?” He gently pulled Tony’s face up. “I’ll do anything. Tony, I need to show you that I care, just tell me - how do I show you?”
"With all due respect, Mister Rogers - I can understand a Captain wanting to defend his soldier, but I think-"
“Right?” She giggled and wrapped her long fingers around his arm. It made the hairs on the back of his neck prickle. “I’ve got to say - it’s too bad we haven’t been able to spend more time together. You should come by the studio and say hi sometime.”
Tony had a husband and a life completely distinct from theirs. The circumstances were completely different now. Things could never be like that here. Steve had fucked up - too much - too many times. There was no going back from the things they had done, and the things they had said.
"It's okay. I don't know about you but I really enjoyed that." Tony yawned when Steve laid him down on the big couch.
By some backwards miracle, he’d gotten Tony. And he knew now that being a good partner was more important to him than anything else. He would need to cherish Tony, worship him, elevate him, hold him close and dear, be wholly his. He’d need to give him what no one else ever could - unconditional love and support.
"You alright?" Sam's question snapped him back to reality. "You've been staring off at the tree for like, five minutes, man."
"No thanks, Jarvis." Steve didn't want to spend any more time in the crowds. It seemed like this city was always so busy, no matter the time of day or night. "I'd actually like to head to Los Angeles this morning, if you don't mind finding me a diner on the way."
the major cities too."
"Weirdos." Tony waved the other two off. "So did you find yourself a nice rich older woman to wed?"
"I will. I'm not going anywhere, ma'am." Steve was deadly serious. No matter how Tony viewed him - as a teammate, as a friend - as something more, or even if not - he made a vow to himself right then to always be by Tony's side.
"Jarvis said you like spicy food." Steve explained, "And this place guarantees to be the spiciest."
“It’s...never done that before.” Steve sat up.
“Alright. Nothing else I can do here.” Tony sighed as he slumped down on his work bench. “I’ll have to go back home and run some more simulations until I find out what caused the differences in this universe.”
“So, what? All I had to do all these years is jump on your lap to get you to kiss me?” Tony scoffed.
Their towncar arrived, and they both got in. The man out of time was feeling closer to normal than he had in a very long time.
Steve was going to ask him who his favorite player was when they heard the distinctive pop of a foul play, and watched as the ball gracefully landed right in a young boy's mitt. They smiled as the crowd cheered, the boy holding up his new prize.
"Yes, but I never
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
prepared to say. Steve sighed and continued.
"I know." Steve smiled, trying to catch Tony's eyes again. "You were just worried. I'm so grateful that you made all this stuff for me," he gestured behind him to his bike and bags. "I'll be ready for anything thanks to you."
Instead, he yelped when he felt the hot swipe of Steve's tongue over his asshole. Steve held his thighs down so he wouldn't squirm at the sensation, and that only made Tony hotter, incredibly turned on at the thought of being pinned down by Steve.
could see that.”
It was a long minute before either of them said anything. Steve was starting to think he should try to lighten the mood a bit. He pulled back his hand and Tony's face shot back up at that.
And he would choose Steve, over and over again, every day, for the rest of his life.
"No, I mean in general, Steve." Tony waved a hand to signify the totality of their relationship, hoping Steve would understand without him having to put it into words. "I know I can be too much. And if I've made you uncomfortable in any way, I'm genuinely sorry. I can keep my distance, you know. I won't be offended if that's what you want."
"Pep-peroni, are you using Stevie against.....me?" Tony looked around them and realized they were the only ones left in the room, the tv playing an infomercial on a new kind of hair curler. "Uh....J? Did we miss the rapture or something?"
"Mmkay. Goodnight Shellhead."
Once he tired himself out, he spent the rest of the day moping around, eating and watching TV until he realized the sun had set a long time ago, and there was still no word from Jarvis about Tony.
Tony looked up too. "That's Jackie Robinson." They both stared at the intricately framed photo. "He was the first African American man to play in the MLB when he joined the
.” Steve buried his face in his hands, leaning on the hallway wall. This was utterly humiliating. He’d finally had Tony all to himself, had him in his arms, in his bed - and...it wasn’t even the right Tony.
"Of course, Captain Rogers. You may ask me to pull it up for you anytime."
"I love watching you work. You're fascinating when you work." Steve replied easily.
"He did. This is for Captain America. He moved in today." Tony said, without looking up from his phone, where he was currently editing some security code so Steve wouldn't have any trouble coming in and out of the building. "J - tell him I know he wants to go back to see Brooklyn ASAP but he's going to have to wait to go with me. There's no way he's ready for that hellhole without a guide."
"You sure it was Stark?" Bucky asked, "I can't imagine him being
Natasha went through all the trouble of setting up this beautiful Christmas party, but Steve found that he couldn't calm his nerves long enough to enjoy it. He'd been standing at the bar with Sam for over an hour now, trying to figure out a way to ask Tony out on a date.
"May 29th?!! That's the day-"
He hadn't been kidding about the seafood - the crab here was amazing. Steve ate shellfish until he was stuffed, which was quite a mountain of food, and garnered the attention of the chef who invited him into the kitchen for a special treat. As Steve watched the chef work his magic, preparing a fresh and delicious ceviche, he came up with an idea.
"This has been amazing. Thank you so much Tony." Steve looked at all the impressive history around him.
“What’s the verdict?” Steve walked up to him.
"Wait. That's it? You moved in to the tower and…just worked together?" Tony quickly interrupted.
“Oh, I hope you remembered-”
45 minutes outside the park, he found a small town with a motel and diner. Thankfully, a lot of families were eating out tonight, so Steve was able to dial down his anxiety a bit by just listening to the mundane conversations around him while he ate a much lighter meal than usual.
Steve pulled up his blankets and shut his eyes. He'd just have to work it out once Tony was free to see him. He had a fitful sleep that night.
?” Tony growled at him.
It was nice of them, to think of him today. But for some reason, getting those calls just made him feel lonelier. This was the first birthday without Bucky. Without the Howling Commandos and Peggy. In fact, it was the first birthday where he would be all alone, in a strange new world.
“Uh...yeah.” Steve let his alert hands fall slowly. It seemed he wasn’t in immediate danger after all. Tony hadn’t let go of him. Steve’s pulse was racing, both from the sudden wake up call, and from the unexpected, but not unwelcome, touch from the other man.
normal. Steve had never really been in a real relationship, after all, so he probably just didn’t know how all this worked. Steve finished up in the bathroom as Tony walked back to the bedroom.
"Just be a gentleman and smile." Nat supplied. "You'll do fine."
“It’s been so long! Glad to see you’re doing well.” A tall blonde woman approached him. She looked familiar, though Steve couldn’t immediately place where he knew her from. She had on a “PRESS” badge with the name Christine printed on it - so she was probably a journalist he’s talked to before.
"You've got to! I said I would make you relax this weekend, and this is perfect!"
"I'm going to get all high and mighty on their asses." Steve folded his arms. "Let me talk to them."
Even when Pepper left. Tony cried on Steve’s shoulder hard that week. Even when he thought he’d give up the hero business for good, Steve was there, he didn’t care if Tony never flew the suit again, he was just there, making sure Tony had someone even when it felt like the rest of the world had given up on him. He’d told Tony then, that they would be friends always and forever. Superhero or not, Tony was Steve’s friend. And Steve had already given him so much - the inspiration to create, the confidence his father had once shredded to pieces, the wholehearted support he could only dream of before meeting Steve.
"Yeah, I was planning on it." Steve reached down and pulled one long blanket off him, and Clint was finally free.
"I know it won't be easy. We're going to support you anyways. It didn't take much convincing, as soon as I told everyone what we were doing, they gladly offered to help." Steve walked over to Tony, crouching down in front of him and took the man's hands in his. Tony met his fierce gaze. "You've done so much for all of us. For me. You gave me a home. Shared your life and your friends with me. You can trust me, can't you Shellhead?"
then I might as well make sure it won't kill you."
From the moment he first laid eyes on him that spring day - Tony knew; this man was beautiful. Well, he'd already known this, obviously - he'd seen enough photographs and grainy black-and-white footage growing up to know this. But seeing it, seeing
He offered to run Tony his bath, but Tony refused.
that they go to a club and order bottle service like the kids do. Everyone was on the dance floor, having fun, but Steve had slipped away to 'keep an eye on the table.' He knew he didn't need to. It was a private booth, with security, but he just didn't feel up to dancing much.
"Perfect. You're going to just move as if you were fighting." Tony threw a big piece of scrap metal at him, which he caught. "That can be your makeshift shield for now. Doesn't need to be any specific moves, I just need to get a scan of your range of motion so I know where the fabric needs reinforcing."
? Right now he kind of wanted to go hide in a hole, he wasn’t sure if he was ready to see everyone’s reaction.
“I’ll get you back for that, Stark.” He growled out as Tony slid his cock deep down his throat. Tony just hummed in agreement, making Steve clutch his hair harder. He wasn’t pulling his punches now, he bobbed his head up and down, setting a brutal pace.
"Mgh. You said you wouldn't wake me before 11." A sleepy Tony was rubbing his eyes and leaning on the wall. Steve chuckled and handed Tony a warm cup, the scientist immediately downing half of it.
Huh. Need to depolarize Steve too.
"Yeah, I'm fine. Just...thought your bathroom was on this side…" Tony slowly answered. Well, it wasn't like Tony would know his bedroom layout all that well, so Steve let himself drift near sleep again. He listened as the other man slipped back into his clothes and shuffled to the other wall towards the bathroom. When he heard the toilet flush loudly, he realized the bathroom door was wide open. Huh. It was odd but...well he supposed Tony was never really a very private person.
“There you are. I thought you’d be down in the lab all night.” It was Steve, well - Other Steve. Tony could immediately tell from the way his hair was parted opposite than usual, and his stupid adorable freckles were backwards on his cheeks. He was in his jogging clothes, of course. Why was Steve looking for him right now, at such a god-awful hour?
"You wanna talk about suspicious? How about their two new henchmen suddenly slow dancing together out of nowhere? How is that NOT suspicious?" Tony whispered to Nat as quietly as he could, but Steve had already dragged him to the dance floor nonetheless. He heard the song 'Lover' come on, and groaned internally. The lyrics alone made him blush furiously. If he didn't die of a bullet to his head, he would die of the sheer embarrassment of having to dance to THIS with Steve. In his peripheral, he could already see surprised heads turning as Steve took his hand, slowly starting to sway him to the rhythm of the music, closer and closer to the extraction point under the wide glass of the skylight.
"Alright. That's understandable. How about we just chill and enjoy the game, okay? Let's not talk about..whatever it is right now. You can tell me or the therapist or whoever, whenever you're ready." If he was being honest with himself, he knew; he really did know, that he would never get over Steve. He just couldn't help himself around the man. He wanted to do everything possible under the sun to make all of Steve's troubles go away, if only to see him smile. If he needed to touch him, to be near him, to hear his laugh and flirt with him in order to quell some insatiable urge at the mere sight of the other man, then that was nobody's business but his own. Even if he could never have him all to himself, at least he'd always have these moments. Tony turned his attention back to the game, placing his head on Steve's shoulder. Physical contact was hit or miss, but when Steve didn't freak out, it usually seemed to calm the soldier down. Thankfully, Steve visibly relaxed, Tony could feel his muscles slacken under him.
"Oh, yeah. Good thing for the Mets that he's sitting out today." Steve tried to pay attention to the conversation in front of him, but couldn't help glancing at the elevators every few minutes.
"Okay. Good. Great." Tony smiled and turned to go back to the kitchen. "See you later!"
Steve grinned from ear to ear, turning his bike off and sat back, typing in response.
. Steve pulled him close.
“I’m back!” Tony gleefully announced into Steve’s chest, loving how cuddly his husband was being this morning. “I missed you.”
"Mm." Steve hummed, cheeks heating up at the idea. Tony being his sugar daddy. Tony being his anything. Tony being
It didn't help that Clint kept giving him a huge grin and thumbs up from behind Steve whenever he tried to sneak a peek. He'd quickly turn away, ignoring whatever Clint was childishly trying to communicate.
"So...you don't want us there?"
"I think it'll be great. Go take a lap, Hawkeye. I've got to chat with our fearless leader, here." Natasha crossed her arms and Steve knew he was in for it.
"Y-yes." It was too late to back out now. Natasha didn't even try to hide the grin behind her mug. Tony shrugged and scooped some honey into Steve's coffee, stirring it for a second before leaving to place the honey back into the pantry.
"Hey, what's wrong? Something I can help with?" Tony asked in a hushed voice, thinking that maybe Steve needed a favor, and was just too honorable to ask. "If it's something I can throw money at, I'll gladly do it, you know. Or anything you need. You can tell me. What's been bugging you today?"
Everyone turned to look at Thor, who laughed heartily.
After a wonderful night, and equally invigorating morning, Tony thought he should be relaxed, having been fucked silly. And he
you. Just...try to be nice to him? Hit on him? I don’t know, Tony. He’s basically already had sex with you - the rest can’t be that hard, right?”
"Come on!" Tony tugged at Steve's arm.
"To be fair, this is a very complicated matter. The dangers of leaving our reactor in such a place - I would hate for the technology to fall into the wrong hands."
“Yes, sir.”
"No! We're not dating. We're not anything. He's not here. He's with Pepper right now. At an SI meeting. It's complicated."
Tony sat across from him and started recounting his entire dilemma.
“You’ll put me to sleep if ya’ keep doin’ that.” Tony’s words were already beginning to slur. He was more tired than he realized. Maybe an overnight interdimensional research trip
“Ha-ha. You’re on thin ice.” He glared at Steve. “It’s a code no one else should know, though.”
Tony quickly pulled his hand back once they plotted their course back to the quinjet. Steve missed the warmth.
“You’re kidding me.” Tony deadpanned. “Our heavy hitters are missing, probably dead.
"Hey. Just wanted you to know.." Tony wrapped himself up tighter in his blanket, Steve thinking he looked like a little burrito. "I know it's lonely. But I was thinking, if you start to feel that way again, y-you have me. I know I'm not much, but you can always ask me to come see you. Or you know, we can hang out when you come back home. O-or you could call? Or text. I mean, whatever you need really-" Steve leaned down and hugged the other man, pulling him up to his chest.
“I’d rather
“Ugh.” Tony groaned as he laid his head on the rumpled notes in front of him. In all honesty, what he really wanted to do was slam it against the table repeatedly, he just couldn’t figure it out. The math was coming up correct. There should be no anomalies. He was racking his brain for anything he might have missed - when big, strong hands engulfed his shoulders in a slow massage - just deep enough to hurt - in a good way.
“Or maybe you’d rather talk one-on-one? Off the record.” She took out a business card and slipped it into Steve’s suit pocket, patting his side twice, keeping her hand there as she leaned in. “I was a big proponent of the Accords. I think the New Hero Deal is horrendous, but at least it’s a step in the right direction if
“That is Mr. Steven Grant Rogers, born July 4th, 1918, sir. And Mr. Rogers, this is Mr. Anthony Edward Stark, born May 29th, 1970.”
"Alright." Steve relented, "I suppose we're good then." He looked around, noticing how nicely decorated the room was, just like the rest of his apartment, with his own things blending in seamlessly with the new furniture. This bedroom alone seemed to be almost as big as the entire apartment where SHIELD had put him up. "Wow, it looks like all my stuff is already here."
your team. The Avengers.”
"C'mere, sweetheart." Steve brought his lips back down, kissing Tony so hard, he saw stars. It was enough. Enough to settle the erratic storm in his mind, enough to allow him to let go of his self deprecating insecurities, and just enjoy himself here and now with the man who had always made him smile, always made him feel safe and happy, the man he truly loved.
” He hissed at Steve. “I don’t know what that Other-guy told you, or what he did to make you think you have any feelings for me, but you’re delusional. I’m nothing like him, so don’t expect that from me. Don’t expect one more fucking thing from me, you understand?” He raised his voice again so all could hear. “And now that I’ve thoroughly embarrassed myself, I’ll be seeing you all.” Tony announced, stepping out.
He teased him with small, soft bites to his cheeks that made Tony break out into breathy giggles. He pushed his tongue past his puckering hole, feeling Tony tighten around the wet muscle, and was surprised when he realized how silky and smooth it was inside. He closed his eyes, using both hands to spread Tony’s cheeks, burying his face against him, delving as deep as he could go to chase that velvety skin. He pulled back when he finally noticed the hand tugging relentlessly at his hair.
If you want to see more Stony art/thoughts in the meantime, you can follow me on Twitter
Tony swallowed the lump in his throat, and squared his shoulders.
Tony had insisted on having all of Steve's things brought over by a moving company. It was a relief to know his few, but precious belongings would be safe while he went on his cross country trip next month. It seemed like everything in the future, Tony included, moved at lightning speed.
"Excellent choice, Captain."
Steve showed up at Natasha and Clint's floor with two big to-go coffees from the downstairs cafe. The couch seemed to be missing several pillows, but he sat down anyways and waited for her to come out of her bedroom. After a few minutes, he heard shuffling footsteps.
With every bite they shared, Steve was coming closer and closer to a startling realization. Once they had sampled everything on the other's plates, he knew. They were flirting! This was flirting! Right? He wasn't completely sure, because Tony wasn't freaking out, the building wasn't on fire, and the world wasn't coming to an end like he thought would happen.
get that
I hope to get the last two chapters out soon!
“Come on, the general contractor asked me this morning if we wanted pink or purple wallpaper for the nursery.” Steve took his hand, guiding him back to the elevators.
"Ew, no!" Steve laughed, "Though Mrs. Dickinson was very nice. We spoke for a bit afterwards."
"Put those on, don't look at the light and hold her steady." Tony pulled on what looked to be sunglasses and started to melt the wires with the fancy pen as Steve held the suit's leg in place.
“Great. There’s a team player.” Steve jokingly gave him a little slap on his rear. Tony stiffened up, dropping the hanger he was holding, and in the next instant, had turned and jumped back into Steve’s arms, desperately sucking on his neck.
glad you made me do that." Steve felt like a bowl of noodles, like all his bones were rubber, like a puddle of water on the floor. He couldn't remember ever feeling this relaxed in his life. "It's like I'm a new person."
"I was about to ask you the saaame thing." Rhodey followed Pepper to the other room. In a hushed voice, he leaned over to her, "I think I know what this is about."
“Hey!” Steve protested but Tony just raised his arm up, not even glancing away as his repulsor whined in warning. Steve stepped back, knowing better than to argue. After a minute, Tony looked back up at him.
"You look great. Yeah, great." Tony's gaze peered down, his hand reaching out to Steve's hip. Steve froze, eyes locked on the other's hand, shivering when he expected a touch, but didn't get one. Instead Tony yanked something off the seam of his jacket. "Price tag still stuck on. I
"I said, you okay? You're tense." Tony whispered as he twisted himself over, swinging his legs to the other side of his body, and moved closer to Steve, putting a hand on the cushion Steve was sitting on for balance. The cushion dipped down, and Steve felt himself leaning down with it. God, why was this loveseat so small?
"Had a good night, Steve? I didn't hear you come in until past 2am." Natasha asked, not so quietly, behind Steve while steeping her tea.
“Oh god, Tony.” Steve shook his head. “We could try...a date?”
. I don’t know how the Steve in that universe did it - how he made his Tony so happy. But I think I can do it too. I want to try. I
He was so nervous about actually acting on his feelings though. If it was just a physical attraction, it might've been easier to make a move. But Steve was also completely infatuated with his genius mind, his sense of humor, his thoughtfulness, his humility...he could go on and on. That's why he'd been biding his time, hoping to find the perfect way, or perfect moment to tell Tony how he felt. He didn't want this to be a fling. He wanted their relationship - if they ever had one - to be long lasting and meaningful.
"What's all this? Steve wondered, "Did I miss another birthday?"
He hesitated, only for a second, before running out the door.
After thanking all the kitchen staff for the wonderful meal and asking them for some recommendations,  he drove to a shop just a few minutes away. There, he found what he was looking for. They even put everything in a bright red bag for him. Excited about his find, he made his way back to his hotel to start getting ready for his trip back.
more than he’s talked to me." Steve huffed.
“Team? Ha!” Tony’s rage came to the surface again. “Are you serious right now? All this shit, and you're still worried about the
"In my day, we
“He looked exactly the same!” Steve tried to defend himself. “He talked the same, he
evil-Tony after all.
“Steve’s not my boyfriend in my universe.” Tony sighed. “Or my husband. Or...anything.”
“My hero!” Tony sang out. They took each other’s hands and unknowingly headed to their next (successful) mission.
...where did he know that from?
"Let me drop you off." Steve suggested. Tony looked taken aback.
He already knew what he was afraid of. The real reason he didn't want Steve to leave. They'd just gotten to know each other, just started a blossoming friendship. What if Steve left, and things were different when he got back? What if it was weird, what if he forgot about Tony? What if he met some great gal in some faraway city, and moved to start a new life?
"That's good. Move slowly. Just wiggle your fingers and toes first if you want. Just so you feel em'."
Between bites, Tony explained everything to Steve.
“No! I want to. It’s just, well, uh..” Steve blushed, hard. Tony, thankfully, didn’t make a joke about it, or push him to explain like Steve expected him to. Instead, he cupped Steve’s face with one hand and raised his hips up.
“Only because
was here instead. And let me tell you, I wish we could switch places too. I’m tired of this shit, and of everyone here.”
"Thanks for bringing me there. I had so much fun." Tony did seem really happy, Steve loved seeing the laugh lines in the corners of his eyes when he couldn't contain his smile. He chuckled as Tony clutched his arm to walk up the stairs to the entrance of Stark Tower.
"Our old spot?" Steve asked, with a small, apprehensive smile. It was an olive branch. He placed all his hope into this question, and Tony didn't feel like fighting anymore. He just wanted Steve's companionship back.
“You’re...you’re gorgeous.” Steve’s cheeks heated. Maybe he was being a little too heartfelt right now, but seeing Tony like this, adoration in his eyes, relaxed and open for him, it was like a dream, and he never wanted to wake up. Tony didn't seem to mind though. He chuckled, leaning forward, resting his head on Steve's shoulder, warm breath on his neck.
Steve took this pep talk from himself and fearlessly, or recklessly, picked up a bit of cake with a piece of strawberry on top.
Tony, ever the tease, rolled his hips up, pushing the hard bulge in his pants against Steve. Steve involuntarily bucked up at that, and Tony grabbed his hair in response, to keep his balance. This sent a shot of lust through Steve's body, his mouth aching to be filled, needing Tony to pull on his hair again. Without warning, he pulled away, put Tony back on solid ground and dropped to his knees in an instant.
“How long do you think this will take?” Clint asked, walking alongside Wanda on one side.
“Coffee sounds great.”
“Bruce, I’m going to calm you down,” Wanda stated.
“You don’t want to put too much strain on yourself for the next few hours or so. Loki probably gave you a concussion with that kick,” He said, taking Steve’s quick healing into account. It would normally take weeks for any ordinary person to heal if they were injured to the extent that Steve was.
Steve watched Clint pull up a chair for Wanda before taking his own seat in the table. Beside them, Natasha and Bruce were in their own little conversation, the latter helping the former gather up the clutter that amassed on the countertop and stove.
At the sound of Clint’s frantic voice, Steve jerked upwards, gritting his teeth and almost falling back when he felt a sharp pain enter his abdomen.
Not the six people who were only allowed in the house.
The two spun back, seeing a male with brown wavy hair enter. He sported square framed glasses with a brown sweatshirt baggy washed out jeans.
“Hey, you know what? I was thinking we could transport it back here,” Tony replied, pushing himself off the counter, “I can get a head start on the repairs and finish them in no time.”
“You’re not serious are you, Tony?” Bruce said, looking like he wanted to faceplant himself on the table.
No one ever rang the doorbell.
Wanda’s face was sheet pale.
It was silent between them, the only noise being the occasional chirping of birds and the gravel coming into contact with the tires of the car. Natasha’s eyes were glued onto the clear path, one that wasn’t engulfed by large rocks or trees.
The speeches were quick and seemed to rile up the crowd. Steve barely listened. When it came time for questions from the press, Steve was on auto-pilot, only answering the questions directed at him specifically, and giving his usual spiel on working as a team, and doing their best to make informed decisions on what threats to tackle. When Tony would talk, he listened intently, trying to make out any signs of what he was feeling, a tremble in his voice, any huff of annoyance - but he got nothing. Tony was just as charismatic as ever.
it, Tony. I’ve seen how you are around Rhodey, and Pepper and Happy, and that kid from Queens, and everyone that you love. Hell, you even used to be that way around me...before...before everything.” Steve sighed, letting go of Tony. Tony’s hands hung in the air, frozen in place. Then, something clicked.
“What! I’m just saying, Cap could totally bag her.”
Steve felt Natasha glaring at him from the dance floor. He looked over, and saw her run her finger over her throat, then point it at him. He got the hint. He nervously stood up, accepting his fate, when he saw a cute brunette trying to push his way through the crowd. Steve jogged over, and maneuvered his broad shoulders to make way for the struggling man.
The next few weeks went by pretty quickly. Between helping to rebuild the city and getting acquainted with the tower's new residents, Steve found himself exhausted at the end of every day. He didn't mind though, at least this way he could get some sleep at night. SHIELD kept him busy too - though they weren't putting him on any assignments at the moment, they still wanted him to come into their New York office for strategy meetings and expected him to fill out a mountain of reports regarding the invasion. Frankly, he didn't think his input would make any difference, and felt that his presence at meetings was more for his benefit than theirs, but he took all the work they would give him, if only to keep himself occupied.
Steve turned him around and gave him a good, hard spank on his right buttcheek. Tony was so flabbergasted, that he could only look back in a cold sweat, mouth agape.
He watched the doors close.
exactly the same person!”
"That's what I like to hear." She pulled back, taking a sip of her champagne. "You know, for a genius, sometimes he doesn't see the obvious right in front of him. Don't give up on him, 'kay?" She winked.
"Can I?" Steve gazed right back into those deep dark eyes. Tony  nodded. The moment Steve got permission, he expertly unbuttoned and pulled Tony's pants to his calves. He didn't wait, didn't build up to it, he needed to feel the weight of the big cock in front of him on his tongue right now. He licked his lips and took him, halfway down, in one fluid motion. Tony yelped, one hand crumpling Steve's shirt on his shoulder, the other fisting his hair, pulling tight. Steve's eyes began to water, yes, fuck, this is exactly what he wanted. He was so turned on, almost hysterical with the need to make Tony feel good, to feel his whimpers and the way his body shuddered against him. He pushed his face in closer, until his nose was buried in Tony's thin, groomed bush. It smelled amazing, just like he thought it would, manly, rich, like metal, like Tony's skin, like his bedsheets that first morning he woke up in his arms.
way, and sat on the couch.
Natasha just laughed, "Oh, don't threaten him with a good time." Steve deflated, he knew rich and famous people were concerned about appearances. He'd assumed that the threat of those weird looking tight pants would surely work. "But fine. I'll tell him to take it easy on you."
"So. How are you and Tony doing?"
Tony was carrying bags of equipment and notebooks. He looked flushed and tired. His frown leaned to the right, just a little. His annoyed scowl was all too familiar.
"No…" Steve would
"Hey," Steve chuckled. He'd heard that Tony could really get lost in his work, so he wasn't offended. "What'cha working on?"
"You have been very helpful to Captain Rogers thus far." Jarvis supplied. "Ruling out his isolated incident earlier this week, regular scans of the Captain's alpha brain waves indicate a 5% increase in output after communications with you, Sir."
So that's what he did. It was a nice view, he got some great landscape drawings in, and took some photos to reference if he wanted to go back and paint it later. He met a few locals at a cozy little bar, and one of them offered a cabin next to the lake that he could rent for the night.
What do you get the man who has everything? He wandered around shops for hours, trying to find the perfect gift, but couldn't imagine anything that Tony didn't already have. He was about to give up and just get an oversized Ironman plush toy, when he decided to grab dinner at Fisherman's Wharf like Tony had suggested. Maybe some food would clear his head.
"It's no problem. They've already agreed."
team.”
Steve got up early, and stayed in his room, talking to Jarvis to see what Tony would like to do for his late birthday celebration. Jarvis supplied several helpful suggestions, and Steve got to work calling around and setting up appointments. He then jumped in the shower and got all cleaned up and ready. After, he was bursting with excited energy, so he decided to make breakfast for them. Unfortunately, Tony had a sixth sense for coffee, so as soon as the pot was full, Steve heard slow stumbling steps coming into the kitchen.
"You know. Because we missed my birthday." Tony looked down. "I know you're only hanging out with me because you have this sense of responsibility or whatever." He waved his hand in the air as if to explain it.
“Will do, sir.”
“What is this, 20 questions?” Tony pouted, gripping his leaking dick. “Come on,
"Hey hotshot."
my favorite!" Tony leaned in close and happily took the bite. Steve heard music playing in his head. It was perfect.
"No." Tony breathed.
to pull Tony closer. But he didn't get the option- Tony threw his arms around his neck and jumped, and Steve caught him, unintentionally gripping his ass in the process. It made Tony moan, and Steve felt that right down to his cock.
“It’ll be okay, Sunshine.” Steve whispered into his ear, and planted a soft kiss on his temple. Tony shivered, he wasn’t used to all this attention from Steve, but he loved it, and he didn’t even have time to process how much that nickname made him weak in the knees before Sam and Bucky were walking into the room.
It only took him a couple hours to get to Hoover Dam, and then he was in Vegas that night. He tried his hand at a few poker tables, but found that he didn't enjoy the high betting minimums, he felt like he would just be throwing money away. Jarvis did direct him to a magic show, which was funny and entertaining. Oddly though, he couldn't help but think that watching Tony work would make for a much better magic show, without the need for tricks and deception. He chuckled to himself, imagining how angry Tony would get if he called his work 'magic' instead of science.
It turned out that Tony really hadn't been giving Steve enough credit. It didn't occur to him before that Steve was more than just handsome, strong and a skilled tactician. He was actually really smart too, and a quick learner. Tony was walking him through his Starkphone, and Steve was diligently keeping up and asking all the right questions. It was no wonder he'd become tired of SHIELD's orientations so quickly.
. The man looked...shocked? Horrified? Tony was guessing at this point, he couldn't quite make out Steve's face, angled the other way. The supersoldier quickly slipped out of bed, nice enough to cover Tony up and leave a pillow in his place, and then all but ran out. He followed the cameras into the hallway, seeing as Steve essentially panicked, running into a bathroom. Tony sped through the video again, not willing to look at the bathroom footage, and then Steve came out soon after, looking pale, and left.
"You guys go ahead. Steve and I have some work to discuss. We'll meet you there later." Tony's voice was cool and collected, nothing like how Steve felt right now.
“Oh good! I wasn’t sure if you remembered me from that New Year’s special we did a few years ago.” She said excitedly. Oh, Steve remembered now. He and Tony had been interviewed a while back for a New Year’s thing on TV - Tony had somehow convinced Steve to show up in a Christmas sweater while Tony sported some reindeer antlers to the interview. The whole thing had made Steve laugh so hard that he cried in the greenroom. He stood there, reminiscing on better times when he suddenly realized that Christine was still talking to him.
That was a huge relief. He wouldn't have to talk. He was still terrified and paralyzed, but at least he had something to focus on now.
Tony only reserved those quirks for people he liked the most. Steve wasn’t one of those people anymore.
