"How can you see her font?" he hissed. Too loudly, apparently, for the woman blushed and pressed on her screen, likely searching for tamer literature.
Mycroft inhaled slowly, turning around to face the strangers still puttering about Sherlock's kitchen, now without a task.
matter. Nothing could stop them now. John had brought Magnussen to his knees. The man just didn't know it yet. This would be fun to watch.
strangle the genius, except he'd looked so intensely serious about John's care, even as he'd woefully underestimated it.
John tracked the letters on their path, writing down where the GPS movement paused and when it restarted. It made logical progress for a car moving through
The front door opened into a cramped, dark entryway. There was barely room to swing the door without hitting the lowest step of a staircase leading to the
light, ceiling strong enough to hold up John – that was a modern ceiling, not rotted out, not an abandoned residence, then, or not abandoned for long.
"How do you get on, lettin' Sherlock go and have a girl like that? I swear, the only thing she likes about him is his name. Fame, and all that," she
"Who?" Sherlock interrupted. Molly blinked. He'd broken some social rule. Irrelevant. She was standing on the same side of the work table as Lestrade; he
sympathetic, understanding more than John really wanted her to. "Now, tell me you killed whoever did this," she ordered. John blinked. Sherlock looked
“Sorry, sorry,” he said, pulling the mask away from his face and glancing between the frenzied workers. “Nightmares.”
"-And -you -know -perfect -I -not -learn -sign -so -useful. -Crime -scene? You -don't need -doctor. -You -know -time -death -yourself. -You -can -learn
John shrugged, deciding not to worry about. He hadn't thought of it while Sherlock was 'dead'; it seemed vastly inappropriate to worry about it now.
In Afghanistan he’d had a crew and a use other than killing. He’d gotten orders and followed them, gotten injured and ignored it for the sake of his
started to sign, resigned that he was going to miss over half of what the man said but fortunately, Sherlock wasn't even bothering to look at him to read
"No," Sherlock replied. John sipped at the tea beside him, apparently done talking already. Sherlock tipped his head back to rest it on the angled ceiling
The buck brayed hopelessly and John sawed at the ice, his tired muscles aching. He’d never imagined he’d live to be elderly here, but at the same time, once he’d gotten Gladstone, he’d known he’d never leave. When had it started feeling like he was waiting?
beer. He sipped at his so she couldn't kick him out. "Do you have to do anything?" she asked and he stared at her, baffled. She sighed heavily and tried
sleeping together 'partners' thing to the world at large. They'd find out soon enough and no doubt it would be miserable when it came.
“-Wearing -what?” John asked finally, aghast. Sherlock covered his eyes with his palm, cutting off the sign language for a moment in his embarrassment.
"-He -say -you -owe -him," John said. Sherlock thought for a moment, before blinking and nodding sharply.
had he wished the man alive to hold him? Why hold him? He’d never wished that for any of his dead friends before. Why did he scream for Sherlock, knowing
again. It'd make the third time that day but Sherlock wouldn't know that. John paused, catching himself. It'd been too long. Of course Sherlock would know.
expression when staring down an enemy. Sherlock could imagine the man pulling his SIG out of his hip holster and shooting him right there. He felt interest
"Why would I care?" he asked, sounding genuinely confused. John nodded, accepting it. "I don't know him," Sherlock added, gesturing at the closing lift
"Hey," the man greeted, walking away. He was a fairly short, blond man with a plaid blue jacket and jeans. Utterly ordinary, except for the ugly piercing he had in one ear, the hole looking rather red around the edges. Infection was setting in.
grinning stupidly against his mouth. And hell, he'd only ever managed to get the man's shirt unbuttoned. He buried his face in the man's chest, too
"So, you've left him?" Sally asked. John pushed himself up from the bed, unwilling to look up at her.
"Why do you scream for Sherlock Holmes?" Mike asked when the letter and photos were finally done. "I mean you have to admit, there's kind of a weird thing
morning, but they'd have months to get past that. And if Sherlock stayed after the river ice broke apart and the water flowed freely downstream, when
"Mrs. Hudson asked me to bring you some clothes," Lestrade said, glancing down at the bags near John's feet. John nodded and opened the door. He'd have to keep it locked now. He moved the clothes into the flat and turned around to face the man in his doorway.
"Alright. Now. We only answer questions with 'yes or no', and we ask questions about our character, trying to guess who it is. You get unlimited questions,
"There better be a corpse," she growled. Sherlock blinked, unsettled, and she slammed the door again. He stiffed the air. Sex. He knocked again.
"No, you've already done it. Don't solve the murder. Save the life. They didn't kill anyone you knew in that hospital or we'd have heard of it. Ergo, it
his mind dull with too little sleep. There was all too much touching in his recovery, he thought. Still, he couldn’t spend the rest of his life in the
John smiled, grabbing the cards and using his teeth to break their plastic cover. "Poker for spoons it is," he agreed and Sherlock's expression cleared.
"Let me show you the Appledore vaults," he offered, closing the buttons of his suit jacket. John frowned. That was…unexpected. Would it be the man had
What did he need from Sherlock? It was fairly clear Donovan didn't mean help cutting up food or lifting objects over five kilograms.
stayed with me, back then, when you got shot and everything. I’ve got the place to myself now, you know, got the couch and all,” she said, trying to look
He stepped out of the shower to find Sherlock in the kitchen, making toast, still dressed in only a sheet tucked around his waist, his chest bare to the
it again. But that made more sense than him carrying it from Afghanistan to England and leaving it in 221B for the next tenants.
"No, sir, I'm Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers," John stated, listing what the major had already ascertained from his I.D. He was
"Oh..shite," Lestrade cursed. Understanding. Good, Sherlock could sleep. "Where are you? Sherlock, where are you?"
John opened his laptop, prepared to spend the rest of the evening pretending to look for jobs. But he'd barely opened the search engine before he had to
John exhaled slowly, careful not to think too hard, and walked purposefully for the front doors. He would be fine, as long as he kept walking. He heard the
"We'll wait out here," Lestrade said, likely thinking that was the reason he'd paused. Sherlock hesitated, thinking to accept, but what did it matter what
him through the home and up a grand staircase to bring him to a set of double doors at the end of the upstairs hallway. She tapped on the heavy oak door
"I never eat while on a case. Digestion interferes with my thinking," Sherlock replied, wincing as he remembered John scoffing at him. How many times had
contract killer that occasionally came home with bloodstains. Upright citizens were always more tricky to kill inconspicuously. Moran was a husky, muscled
wood a second cleaning now that the hide was scraped and put away. Sherlock helped him lift the mattress and lean it against the wall and he scrubbed the
like a snake missing its strike. Sherlock pushed his hands through his hair, his desperate expression twisting into something angry. "The worse blackmailer
"Yeah," Lestrade replied, his head falling back on his shoulders. John nodded awkwardly and turned to follow his flatmate. He caught up to the man outside
the rest of the floor space between them and the door, and grabbed a piece of cardboard from the kitchen. Sherlock slid onto the cot, the only place
pay him any mind. He turned back finally, noting John's absence, and stared back behind him, his blue eyes penetrating the darkness. John followed
"Sarah," John corrected automatically. Sherlock shrugged. John pinched the bridge of his nose. Not the point. Sherlock cut him off.
"He's probably been tortured, look at his wrists. From struggling to get free," Sherlock said, in case they hadn't kept up.
example?" Sally rushed to say, to fix it. Sherlock drew himself up, arching his head proudly, back to being the smartest, least approachable person in the
I’ll never get over him, he realized, stepping close to the taller man. Sherlock stiffened, peering down at him, but he bent with John’s hand on his neck.
John shifted in his place, ready to walk out. That wasn't betrayal. He'd left Sherlock first. Surely he hadn't left purely beacuse he'd wanted the madman
glancing around the room for anything resembling help. His pockets were empty; he could feel that, so that was useless. "Assuming it is a metaphor," he
He had underestimated John. Surely, John would forgive that, when it was his greatest strength to be so overlooked? Sherlock snarled at himself. He was
"Hello," Sherlock echoed from behind him. Mrs. Hudson turned and started making her way down the stairs.
already decided there was nothing worth focusing on and he no longer bothered. That wasn't her damn fault either. Sally rolled over sharply and punched her
nice-ish, important to some people, some other…things, clever. Sherlock thought he was clever. John smiled. Or thought he thought he was clever, but John
"Run a urine sample," he said. Sherlock rolled his eyes again. The phone line clicked dead. John pulled the phone away from his ear, frowning, to see that
"First place wouldn't sell to me. A problem with blood, apparently," Sherlock explained, holding up his clean hands. It took a moment for John to process.
"I... I ...I can't come down, so we'll...we'll have to do it like this. This is...an apology. It's all true. Everything they said about me. I invented
it was. They were talking about set subjects, yes, but communication was possible given the need. He was lacking more social cues than usual but they
nothing she could do to make it better, and she made him say it aloud. He obeyed and didn't know what use it had been.
the old dog sled outside. The plane unable to take off in the blizzard, the Inupiat couple offering him shelter, the nights in their city home learning to
good anymore. John started forward. He'd kill anyone who touched Sherlock; he remembered deciding that…sometime before. Sherlock flailed in the man's grip,
find something to read. He'd barely cracked open one of Sherlock's London history books when Sherlock got bored and left the house, shutting the door
and English commands. His emotions shut down slowly, dragging themselves back under control. John turned away from the gravestone.
"What were you going to say, before?" he asked and Sherlock waved a hand at him, like it didn't matter, still looking at the now-blank laptop screen.
"Yeah. You'll have a job and find another man to love. If that doesn't sound tragic to you, maybe you chose right when you left him."
“I wasn’t your partner, not anymore, not by then,” he replied, itching to walk out of the room. Usually he’d slam a door between them, content himself with
Sherlock grimaced in annoyance. How could it have been Molly's fault that he'd been close enough to an explosion in Baskerville to cause hearing loss?
John cinched up the last yelping excited dog, a gray and tan beast that promptly started peeing on the snow beneath him.
Bills arrived. John spent a day staring at their envelopes, contemplating screaming children and vaccines shots and
"And you, Sherl, you're gonna have to tell me where you were last night," she murmured, sounding like she was moments from bouncing on his dick.
to ruin his reputation and send him permanently to prison as it was; especially given his propensity to jury rigging. More deaths would be redundant.
him. He was going to spend the whole damn day looking up BSL words for Sherlock-specific words. Violins, guns, science equipment, body parts, and all the
“I think it’s why I like my work. It changes from project to project and helps me meet people,” Mike commented and grinned at John as if he should be in on
"So I am human, I'm not as tall as people think I am. I'm nice-ish, clever, important to some people, but I tend to rub them the wrong way," Sherlock
she said, pushing him now. Sherlock obeyed to keep her from touching him again. She stopped him by the door with a hand on his arm, defeating the purpose.
Sherlock glanced over the tired wrinkles in John’s face, his panting breath, the way his mouth was pulled down, barely kept from weeping. He wished he
; there was no case to solve, no context to make the wind speed data vital, make his brain whirl with power. He was lying stagnant, his
Pots, pans, giant knives, roasting forks, one four-man set of stainless steel cutlery. Canned fruit, canned vegetables, canned beans. Dry goods – flour,
started toward the waiting experiments in the kitchen as he did almost every time they returned to the flat. As if there hadn't been three days and a
his teeth, letting it pinch and cut into his wrists. He wouldn't last many more days before he lost the strength to get away.
Sherlock stirred. John smiled at him softly, watching Sherlock blink sleepily into the bright night.
cut off the sight of Sherlock stuck in his ‘oh’ revelation expression. “Gossipmonger. Starts with a ‘y’,” John demanded.
"Slow -ah! Slowly, then," Sherlock made out and John bit his neck as high up as he could reach, feeling possession wash through him. He'd be the first,
Sherlock threw out all the mail without sorting it and put a trashcan by the door for the rest of it. He left every morning for Molly’s lab and returned late at night, Gladstone trotting cheerfully at his heels. John scrubbed every inch of the flat, then refinished the floors.
"But why learn sign language?" he asked, looking utterly flummoxed now. "I mean, a few words, sure, but the man can read lips."
Damn it, Mycroft would be smug for years after this. But only if it worked. Sherlock held the phone between his fingers, deciding he was in fact desperate
least, he'd have left the hospital to go see. Would he? Sherlock doubted himself and cursed emotions again. Either way, it was unlikely the place burned
“Just doing my job,” Sally replied, not wanting to think about her guilt. Sherlock’s mouth twitched in what looked like the start of a smile, but it faded
"Wait you.. You left me something?" He asked. He'd never noticed that no lawyer had come; he'd never expected anything, though perhaps he should have.
They went silent and John glanced around the room quietly, trying to find something to occupy his mind. The silence between them felt different – less
baking powder, rice, baking soda – all in small trashcans, tied closed, kept in the cabinets beneath the countertops. Vitamin pills, yeast, and the sealed
chewed them down and freed his hands, let this attacker come to him, surprised him - there was a struggle, he got the wireties around his attacker’s wrist,
he asked, but he turned away immediately when Lestrade moved to hand him the file. Sherlock buried himself in studying it, effectively dead to the world.
"I'll have a helicopter meet you then. Christmas. How very quaint," Magnussen agreed. Already planning to betray them and leave them without an exit.
planning to avoid the strange festivities by burying himself in work. John sat in the chair across from him, feeling bereft of any such distraction. Mrs.
swore he would be able to blow off all of John's limbs and have the man still shrugging and saying he'd get by. Greg nodded, unsure what else to do.
and started for the door, only to hesitate before he reached it. There was an envelope propped up against the doorstep. It was a strangely dark brown, some
around it. It was one of those things that had soldiers coming home and referring to 'the things they'd seen'. No details. You just didn't tell your civvy
The flat wasn't quiet enough. He could still hear Mrs. Hudson scrambling around downstairs, the bus outside loudly announcing its route. Two people were
said, hoping it would distract John enough that he wouldn't notice the awkwardness. Likely not necessary – John barely noticed anything regardless – but he
John listened to Mike's footsteps trail off, trying to get himself to care which direction they went. Right, up that ramp probably, then too faint to tell.
"You have not unpacked, you keep the key to your minuscule ugly bedsit in your wallet, and you get frustrated with your lack of shoulder mobility faster
and foolishness, to be running the same unanswered questions through his mind with no hope of addressing them. Such little time. He prayed Moriarty had
and hair covered floor, looking for any evidence of who was here. Short blond hairs on the back of the couch. Could be a cat's, but they looked thin for
"I understand. Thanks for - well, thanks for everything," he said, shaking her hand. Her hand was soft and familiar in his, a reminder of another thing
“Ah, Anderson. Here we are again,” James announced, confirming John's suspicions. The man worked forensics.
had to focus on the tiny mental machinations that would lead Magnussen into their trap. There was nothing more he could do. Still, John did not want to
But someone was trying to get him scared. Well. They could congratulate themselves; he'd been scared. John shoved his laptop back on the tiny bedsit desk. He'd been discharged from the 256 Field Hospital in London almost two weeks before and Harry was finally driving down to visit. Judging by the delay, she didn't have much in her life to brag about. Trouble with Clara or drinking or both, John predicted, though he doubted she'd tell him the truth about either. He hadn't had a phone since it'd been crushed in Komaar so he hadn't gotten any news from her in more than a year. Perhaps it would be better now. He'd tell her about being lonely; that'd get her off his back about never opening up.
Sherlock swallowed, unsure what to do with his hands, anticipation surging through him. He suddenly felt like a child, wrapped up in the thick quilts. He
"My brother," he announced and Magnussen's eyebrows jumped up. No subterfuge there. Pure ambition. So he didn't have Mycroft in his pocket yet. Perfect.
Sherlock wondered, glancing around at the officers still staring at him. A man in the corner had his gun unholstered and trained on Sherlock’s chest.
sulk. He brought him out his tea and the man twisted on the couch to face him as he put it on the coffee table.
Who was standing in front of him, his eyes darting over John's face and his body stiffened -like a dog not yet certain whether to attack or run.
Charles Augustus Magnussen. He'd received a letter from Lady Elizabeth Smallwood. She was hoping to go after the newspaper baron and knew she would require
"Sorry, he's deaf," John said rapidly, unsure he should be apologizing for the injured man. It felt somewhat dishonest, when Sherlock surely would have
"We're looking for novels with very little kickback, are we not?" he announced and John grabbed his wallet, surprised and grateful. "Not the military
they hadn't gotten another audio clip. The entire team was going to need a paid vacation after this one; if not counseling.
John finished breaking up the log the week after the nail went in. He left enough wood to saw into the frame of a new chair and started toward the house,
“You said you could identify a software designer by his tie and an airline pilot by his left thumb,” John prompted and his doubt crept into his tone. Moriarty instantly deflated.
to clean it. Instead, John grabbed the fox pelt off of the table and started back toward the stove. He brushed water onto the exposed skin of the pelt,
might be done. Their best hope lay in the three bleeding fingers on his right hand, his nails torn out of his flesh, a job left incomplete.
Sally pushed open the swinging door and stopped short, her hand flying to her sidearm. There was a man leaning over the sink counter.
When he woke Sherlock was back to his thinking pose. Perhaps trying harder than he to figure out what to say, John thought, anger streaking through him for
irrational need for the man, when this was a perfect time to dive into his next battle. John was nothing to him now, he'd made that perfectly clear. An
car. But Sherlock did not care about two men and a woman, he cared about John Watson, and as long as Moriarty chose to torture him, he’d have a chance. He
"-Convince -me, -easy," John replied sarcastically, nodding rapidly. Sherlock smiled and went back to his phone. He needed to look up 'dramatic' –
There was no way to go after Moriarty's men without risking John, and no way to return while the assassins still existed. It wasn't worth it if there was
"-want -find -what -more -there? -nothing -possible," he yelled at the man. Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows, looking confused.
catching the expression even lying on his back, the lamp shining in his eyes. He tipped his head back to catch Sherlock's eye, looking a bit exasperated
"I never eat on a case," Sherlock said, leaning an elbow on the vinyl-covered table and John snorted.
He was right, apparently, for the cabbie said nothing as Sherlock pulled himself out of the cab. John followed, hissing at the cold and glancing around to
"That's not a baby," Sherlock hummed and John jerked his head around to observe the homeless man again. Not even close to subtle, he regretted immediately,
tape and headed to the kitchen, not willing to take any of it out until as much of the table as possible was disinfected of whatever the hell Sherlock had
"Yeah, it's a sprain. I'm a doctor, I know how to sprain people," John replied, hating the feeling that Sherlock would be laughing by now. He'd be scaring
Holmes smiled at him every time she looked his way, clearly trying to make a welcoming impression.
ignored her and stepped into his office to unlock the drawer with his gun. She was waiting for him when he stepped out.
"I thought you liked that cup," he said but, of course, Sherlock wasn't looking at him and he didn't know the signs. God, he needed to learn these faster.
he remembered that rather horrendous failure of an advance. To a psychopath, no less. He needed to google what that term really meant. Sherlock smirked at
papery skin. He tugged at the fur and it ripped from the meat, sounding like Velcro releasing. "You'd have known, you know, if you had asked me," he added,
Molly started transferring the urine to a vial without a word. The cocaine test materials were laid out in front of her in a perfectly straight line, ready
That was four times he'd been told that friends didn't learn ASL for each other – and from three sources now – a solid enough basis to presume it held some
be back the way it'd been, friends and partners. Or at least, a semblance of partners. John sighed, meeting Sherlock's quiet gaze. He wasn't sure if
jumped, when John would watch him, his pulse rising and his legs crossing to conceal his penis. And his whispered confessions in the hospital, hair-raising
John pushed forward again, toward the street and the press followed them. Still, Sherlock was with him. John pressed forward again. This was getting
He needed more drugs. He opened his eyes in a tight squint to see Sherlock in a chair beneath the window, his fingers pitched before his lips in his
little reason for John to follow it, for there was nothing he could do if it did blip out, but still he watched it until it stopped. The tracking became
The dogs were barking and jerking on their lines again. John pulled out the long tow lines, his jaw clenching as he worked against the frozen rope.
"-Should -go -with -him. -People -will -think," John started, before placing his hands back over Sherlock's shoulders. His touch was warm and steady and
“Tuesday,” Sherlock answered. John fought his eyes open to see Sherlock looking rather confused with himself, like his mouth had gone and spoken with no
"-Sometimes. -Past -I -like -school -medical. -I -like -learn -P-R-A-C-T-I-C-A-L -thing. -Learn -how -do -new -thing. -Now? -No, -not often," John replied.
wars between Moriarty’s factions and served them up to the authorities with their hands tied. He knew what they were capable of. Lestrade would not find
something shitty and he needed this friendship to continue unaltered. What the hell would he be without it? He'd have shot himself by now without Sherlock.
"John! Get in here and tell me what Lestrade is saying!" Sherlock shouted. Louder than normal but John had to wonder if that was because he knew he could
"Well, I used a real magnet on this one," he confessed, holding up the card again and shoving his phone back in his pocket. "What happens if I use the card
probably beyond," Sherlock said, glancing at John as if to check that he was still there. "He is the Napoleon of blackmail."
the quick of that relationship without ever seeing the two in a room. Sherlock just looked puzzled.
“He is a dangerous man, isn’t he? And think, the first time I met him I kept warning him about you. How the hell did he escape from there, sick and injured
Magnussen's eyes widened in the barest hint of surprise. He smiled softly, like this too he had planned for.
Sherlock looked up but Molly had already started for the door. He glanced at John who was still uselessly puttering around, thankfully oblivious to their
"In case it was impossible to talk to you," Sherlock replied, bouncing down the alley way to stand in front of him. Right. What the devil?
"John, we need to talk," she said. John nodded and left. He'd apply for new jobs when he got back. He'd figure it out, he vowed, holding up his hand for a
"-What -you -want -eat -dinner?" John asked instead before shoving his butter-filled pan in the sink to wash later.
John felt his eyebrows furrow, remembering Sherlock standing at the door frame, uncertain how to start anything - only to be so eager to touch him anywhere
the deduction and shrugged in answer. The motion only ached now. Progress Sherlock clearly noticed.
like he'd just seen something rather disturbing. The man thrust his hand out further and Sherlock took it, glancing at John for some sort of explanation.
John shook his head, wishing he’d worded it differently. They’d never even started. He strode around the room, dumping the pictures, newspaper clippings,
leaned into it and nuzzled at his neck. "Bored, John," he complained, but his voice was deeper now, almost sultry. John chuckled and backed up toward the
Well, that was unpleasant, he thought, staring at the wall. Not as bad as the 'don't have friends' moment, at least he knew Sherlock went for cruelty when
need nothing from him. But he didn't want that. He wanted Sherlock to think about all that had broken and be miserable.
was a fraud and an idiot? And how long would it take Magnussen to send the letters off for storage?
Sherlock stopped eating, baffled by his last thought. That made no sense. He had all the information in the world; John's ASL had improved – ghastly though
"I'm not actually into torture, by the way. And I don't do anything for free. I'm not going to hurt you just 'cause I'm bored," he said around his food,
"We have eggs?" he asked instead and Sherlock smirked. Mrs. Hudson huffed and walked back into the room to start clearing up their plates.
"Table for two?" the waitress asked and John nodded, wishing they were in Angelos being accosted by the owner and a crowd. Here it was almost empty but for
already hanging from the caribou meat, starting to melt onto the kitchen table. He didn't know how long the animal had been dead; he didn't know how
He knocked before he entered, though he wasn't fully sure why. He'd not gone back for his slings and his arms felt like they were pulling fully out of his
“No.. That’s not what I mean. It’s not a moral qualm. But I’ve noticed that every year time seems to pass faster and I’m like …damn. I think that’s what a
concrete; there was no way to survive that fall. He had to move on, kill the snipers to protect the people that were left and let it all be done. But he
That was fine; John could still feel the harsh ache in his chest and throat he'd come to associate with Sherlock.
"What does that have to do with me?" he asked finally and John laughed, shaking off the tension between them. Of course Sherlock was thinking about
Sally watched Sherlock sit at the conference table, staring at the latest photo of John's back, and knew what the man was thinking. Everyone did. They may
closer. John glanced at Sherlock suspiciously but didn't want to ask. He didn't know what he'd do with the answer.
"Just water, please, but we're ready to order. Two chicken tika marsalas, please," he said. The waiter smiled at them, still looking uncertain, but finally
He’d avoided Baker Street intentionally, the one place more likely to kill him than Afghanistan. Able to rip his heart straight out of his chest and push a
breaking the plastic ties, giving him a gun so he could blow Mike's brain out. On the sound that would make, on Sherlock's hands and voice and chest he'd
returned to the paper; it was a difficult mix to find – a crime simple enough to avoid the news and hard enough to interest a genius. There was nothing
Sherlock would have noticed that, would have seen how unwilling he was to have Sherlock go. In an instant John was angry, the emotion cutting through his
“Pity, we could have split the fee. Think it through next time,” James scolded. John smiled, looking as amused by the concept as James was. James pitched his fingers under his chin to stifle a self-pleased smirk.
"I shat my pants" John barked, turning to glare at her. Ella paused, her pen pressing deeply into the paper. She looked up at him and John groaned and
With that word, Sherlock froze. John watched him, wishing he knew which emotions were real, if any. A wish that felt like an old wound peeling open.
"To be honest, I'd love to have gone further but I thought, no, this is special. Let's take it slowly, exchange numbers."
out his brain from behind his teeth. Because he'd never be Sherlock Holmes' John Watson again. He never really had been.
John reminded himself, cutting down the backstrap of the caribou, peeling off the sinew. He'd peel it into thread after it dried. The rest of the carcass
friend. Mrs. Hudson was more likely but much the same. Lestrade was possible – he'd only visit to smooth his misplaced guilt in only engaging with him when
John sat up, rubbing a hand over his eyes before he seemed to come to. He pulled his hand away from his face and stared in shock. The man mouthed
Sherlock got home to find John conspicuously absent. He had a moment of lurching panic before he heard John on the stairs and dashed to his computer to
He knew he should go. Nine days of torture, a month of recovery. What more was there between them now?
"You need low tar. You still smoke like a beginner," Sherlock laughed, accepting the riposte. Mycroft hesitated behind him. He could hear his footsteps
unease balancing while he pulled up the snow claw, keeping his hand on the driving bar as John had always done.
"He's in Washington, isn't he?" John protested, figuring that if Sherlock had decided to ignore him he might as well get his information from Lestrade.
for use. Sherlock leaned against the counter in his misshapen blue sweatshirt, staring down at the linoleum floor in something that looked disturbingly
its socket all too vividly. "Speaking of, I was hoping to get to the library. Books don't tend to have kickback," John put in. Was that a request to go
you two were together. Never did think he was really dead,” she replied. John sighed. It was inevitable they’d be recognized.
The landlady picked up a cup and saucer from the coffee table while Sherlock stripped off his greatcoat, not even making a farce of signing a lease agreement.
unbuttoned. He had dressed carefully and he'd achieved his purpose. John was already hardening, watching the man crouch on the floor to pull the new loaf
"I'm you, arn't I?" Sherlock asked, laughing happily. John stared at the man and shook his head, his brain warming happily in its slow thoughts. Human,
engaged in the attraction. It was brutal. His own mind had turned against itself. Sherlock made himself look away. Still, Johns thought was a good one.
John frowned, distracted from the pain ripping into his shoulder and back. Another man to love? John stared at her, but Donovan didn't retract her words.
it, it was useless. He was weeping. Fuck. John forced himself to attention, letting his mind fill in the sounds of chattering Arabic
wheel tea? Who can sear me? Who can sear Lee? Who can sear tea? Who can fear me? Who can fear Lee? Who can fear tea? You can hear me? You can hear Lee? You
"So, how long were you caught in it?" a woman asked, looking sympathetic as she glanced over at him from filling her cup. He'd already learned to stay away
BSL was, apparently, a bitch to learn. John spent his every free moment at the clinic – which was a lot of time, given a particularly slow Thursday –
"I told you!" Sherlock roared, pushing himself up to sit on the couch, looking ready to leap up and kill him. John straightened, ready to fight, even if it
she'd guessed that he was still alive. He would have left his drug supply on the kitchen table, clearly. He'd promised to do that before he moved out.
resolved with the use of his smart phone and a search engine. Had Magnussen developed a better technique, a brain…search engine? Truly perfect recall?
into the air with excitement, stepping over their coffee table, brimming with intelligence and glory.
John sighed, looking at the toast and pills Sherlock had left for him. Did Sherlock even care? He regretted jumping without him; they'd established that.
Mycroft exited the house, followed by a gray-haired couple John had to assume were Sherlock's parents. They threw their arms wide and insisted on a hug
"John, could I talk to you for a few minutes in my office, please?" she called before disappearing behind her closed door, no doubt moving to hide behind
Then why had Sherlock jumped? It grated on her now. Such an illogical decision from such a man, to care about his reputation so much. She'd destroyed his
John woke, gasping for air, only to feel his body instinctively try to pull up as water flooded his mouth and nose. A hand kept him down and John's eyes
Sherlock looked up from his completed clotting experiment and read his phone. 1:00 AM – good, the trials had taken longer than he'd expected but John still
"Welcome, John," Mycroft greeted, sounding remarkably sincere. Even Sherlock's parents reacted to the tone, turning from their salutations with Sherlock to
conference room was a large room with light green walls and a white wood paneling. John walked to the back where Lestrade was waiting by the podium.
clambered up the carpeted steps. He'd get the papers, the wall of contacts and connections Sherlock had built up on Moriarty, and leave. He needed nothing
something and didn't bother to stop for them. Sherlock blinked, looking confused, and glanced at John before his face brightened in recognition.
event afterward, all wax paper cups and personal questions. He turned to see Moran so that he could know for sure. It was him; there was no doubt.
started in on it again. He usually needed about a third of the meal eaten to ensure John wouldn't complain – regardless of its caloric value. Idiotic.
out above his finger as it guided him beneath the bear's flesh. "You died and I – I came out here. You can't tell me 'it'll be dangerous' and fix me, this
"You'd gotten your discharge papers," he protested, baffled. He'd thought of that during that awkward moment in Angelo's, thought John could be hiding his
splinters and bark dust from his hands and pulled a few logs into his arms to bring inside. They weren't running low but he wanted something to do with his
He could have him shot, of course, but that built up a reputation no one wanted to ally with. Bad for business, shooting one's contacts. Better to be subtle, give Petroyan a different enemy. Sherlock Holmes had to take him down, make a high-profile case the world would watch, and buy the judge as a contingency. He’d teach Mr. Singh Petroyan that his strong defenses would
"-Shut up. -Shut up. -First -time -we -met, -first -time, -you know -about -my -sister, -right," he gestured as widely as he could.
Miss Milena Vanlian was going to escape long enough to write a letter pleading with the British Government to intercede.
"He's on duty right now, sir," the soldier replied, visibly mollified by his rank. John waited for a better answer as he was trained to do with
"Other than peeing in our living room?" John complained and Sherlock's mouth twitched, threatening one of his rare smiles.
"John, wake up!" Sherlock ordered, gripping John's neck again. It felt good. Warm, comforting. "Meant to …the game is…something," Sherlock rambled,
“What do you want from me, John?” he asked, wrapping the sheet tighter around himself. John rubbed at his face. He didn’t want to get into this now.
wouldn't. He never should have thought he'd have the time to slowly woo him back with touch and the taste of adventure.
the court appeals that would have exonerated him. Sherlock turned back to the photograph, ignoring them again and Greg tried to ignore the doubt that kept
How did she know him? The guy she went on one date with? "Heart attack. And there we are having dinner one week on. And I found this thing online. Sort of
"I hate dogs," he growled. Gladstone's ears flickered and it lay its head back on its front paws, curling its tail around to cover its nose, apparently
apparently. John forced himself the rest of the way up, glad Sherlock did not try to help, and unclenched his jaw.
James hoped his new flatmate was not always so 'concerned'. This would rapidly become too irritating to bear, mole in his organization or no. He'd rather be shot. At least that was quick.
-want?" John held up the menus and shifted a shoulder, doing his best to pick up the strange habit "we go out. Which?"
This was a place where John never needed Sherlock's brain. He never asked any questions, rarely spoke at all, and here Sherlock could not even hope for it.
despite the fact that we were outside of her usual territory and think she was wondering what shampoo I use?" he hissed.
Greg's face lit up. "Thursday?" he suggested and Molly squealed again. "Goodnight," Greg said, only to look at his phone. Apparently Molly had already hung
"Get out," John snarled. Sherlock paused, his face draining. John ignored him, knowing he'd obey. He always did when it mattered. Sherlock got up quietly, his hands shaking quietly at his side, and left, closing
he thought, remembering. Their dates, the cases, the horrible stretches of ASL word sheets and mind-numbingly boring conversations that were so damn
Sherlock playing. He'd have done better with a cd of a violin screeching and getting tuned, if he could've found it. John pushed himself toward the
Sherlock's face reflected perfectly back at him. The man was staring at him. Sherlock glanced away immediately and John sighed. What the devil was going
"-No. -forget -this. -Waste -time. -Tomorrow -work -you -learn -that," Sherlock ordered, knowing John didn't know the sign for 'waste'. He'd figure it out.
Sherlock jerked his head around to stare at him, visibly startled. John smirked, warm with pride. He'd forgotten what it felt like to have the arrogant
collars catching. He grabbed an axe out of the sled and split each down the center before throwing two to every dog. The malamutes crunched down the frozen
thinking of the favor to Lestrade as firmly repaid and John stopped him with a hand on his arm. Sherlock glanced back at him, looking confused and a camera
John stumbled out of the morgue, unsure where he was going. He stepped outside and the sun blinded him. Such a beautiful day. He stepped out of the way of
Sherlock strode for the room, knowing the building plan. Room 87 was one of the smaller ones, further away from the nurse's break room; Mycroft did not
“Well, you can’t very well sleep on the couch in your state and I don’t hardly fancy helping you up any more steps,” Mrs. Hudson argued, standing her
stumped by something so simple, due to pathetic self-induced blindness onset by his not even considering the option that given enough time he could make
"I exploited the fact of our connection," he said, like that was better. John decided it was better not to get involved, though he wanted to argue the
they both already knew. He was a dangerous, damaged man who couldn't sit peacefully anymore. Sherlock dropped his gaze. John wished he knew what the genius
"-Enjoy -sight -stars -you -say. -Not learn -about -them -why not?" he asked. Sherlock let his head fall back a moment as he walked, looking up at the sky.
There were footsteps on the staircase. Slowing down steadily, getting softer, someone perhaps trying to decide if they wanted to eavesdrop.
this patient. Not their error, but it would have been Sherlock's. He'd have discovered it at the autopsy, how long it'd taken for the tiny wound to take
“How did you know Mike asked probing questions?” John muttered, shattering the illusion that Sherlock knew nothing of the tension between them. He heard
he thought, nodding slightly to himself. He didn't look at either of the Inspectors; they could stare all they wanted. He strode after Sherlock, glad to
his field surgery and he'd certainly kept both in practice living with Sherlock Holmes. But want it or no he wasn't going to
Sherlock said slowly. John glanced at Mrs. Hudson, checking to see if she knew whether Sherlock was serious. She smiled back at him softly, looking sad.
on his back and Sherlock yearned to reach for him, to run his fingers into his hair, to feel those muscles shift beneath his hands – Left onto Omar Daouk,
"Mrs. Parsons?" he called, seeing the old lady still waiting, her purse clasped on her lap as always. Her appointment was two hours ago. Apparently he was
lifting up their furniture to stuff the paper beneath. It wouldn't be unlike Sherlock to keep important files in the least accessible part of the house.
fish until the river froze. And he'd teach Sherlock how to fish under the river ice until the ice froze too thick and winter had come again. Maybe they'd
Sherlock kept his eyes away from his ex-partner, prone on the hospital bed. He never should have jumped. Knowledge of that was evident in Lestrade’s
“No, that’s – no,” John stuttered and turned blindly toward the stairs. He slipped past her and took the steps two at a time, barely making it through his bedroom door before he was hyperventilating. He let himself crumple onto the treated wood floor, so much smoother than the packed dirt at home.
“Tea?” Sherlock asked and suddenly bounded up the stairs toward their old flat. John couldn't tell if he was offering or asking for it, now that he did both. Mrs. Hudson wiped the tears from her eyes with her thumbnail.
"Too much is you doing this to me. This is just fun," Sherlock replied. John's eyebrows furrowed, that didn't sound quite right, it had to be even, he was
But the tub filled and threatened to overflow. John watched it, hating Mike and the ridiculous PTSD nine days had given him. Fucking unbelievable. How long
The landlord was on the phone. John gestured to keep quiet with a finger over his lips and the client glared at him. Still, it sounded like a call to the
anything to find. He never could guess what John Watson was thinking. Late into the night, when the fur was clean and dry and rubbed with a white paste,
of Scotland Yard's Homicide and Search and Rescue divisions have seen those photographs. Sherlock has seen them. Show them to the country, give them to
That didn't mean he would. For the first time in his memory, as soldier and doctor, he believed he'd turn his back.
"-I -hate -your -cases," John said as Sherlock opened the door to 221B and stepped back to let John stumble inside. John did so, almost missing the step up
Two options, try to maintain his freedom in court – impossible, Moriarty had proven that, or let his reputation fail. Two options. He could go to jail and
They'd laid their cards bare to each other to see. Sherlock would die for him. John couldn't live without the man. They had sex. John wasn't sure either of them truly knew what that'd mean, back at 221B. John felt like they were trying to stretch their old skins around themselves and expecting them to fit. But it might mean sanity for Sherlock to be back in all the noise.
"He's pretending you've won him. Surely that's a call for optimism," Mycroft baited him. Ah, there was the motive. Asking for an update. Sherlock took
avoid the mess, John rustled through the sprayed clothing, beneath the thick black vest, to the man’s pants pockets. He grabbed the man’s wallet, stripped
his face for she leaned forward and covered his hand with her own. "Even if all you want is to figure out what it is you're hoping for. Give it time,
This wasn't going to work. The chain was tied around the man's neck like a single knot; it'd never get tight enough and he didn't have time.
"How long have you been interested in me?" Sherlock asked, sounding still utterly baffled by the idea – despite correctly deducing and taking advantage of
They were trapped by the painting, the curator of the museum was still going on about the history of the damn waterfalls in that overly social, loud voice
John swung his legs over the side of the cot, ignoring how the swollen, stitched on skin on his back pulled, threatening to tear. He had been stuck in bed
"Is it?" Magnussen asked sharply, as if to say he knew Sherlock didn't eat here often, that this breakfast had been a ruse to draw him out and he'd
"It wasn't a fucking cop," she said and spat on him. Sherlock glanced down to see the saliva on his ugly bomber jacket. She'd confirmed it then, definitely
and arrive on our doorstep flanked by two policemen, all agog about some experiment or the like. Half impossible to get him attending school," Tim
thought, just to be in his company..,” John trailed off, unsure what more to say, to explain their co-dependent insanity. The nurse hummed and John jerked,
out of jail. It was time for the next part of their battle. The verdict would come out in his favor – likely determined by duress but there were other
doctor,” she ordered. John sighed, trying to imagine visiting. Sitting in 221A for tea. It sounded painful.
Lestrade didn't know how to do the timing right. He took every opportunity he had to talk to Molly in person, pick up files and drop off forensic evidence, but he could be as friendly as he wanted; there was something about dropping off a desiccated disembodied foot for the morgue to identify that didn't set the mood for a dinner date. Apparently he was getting to test that one in person now.
across the head grabbing for it. He replaced the fabric gently and gratefully started to tape it up. It was a 'cling' bandage but he knew better than to
breathing came too heavily to permit speech. Nor was there much point; John didn't need him anymore, didn't love him anymore. They pulled back to the hut
again. There was something pleasant about it. Sherlock started through every other voice he knew; was it voices in general he missed?
Once there, however, he had to admit that he was entirely out of his depths. Still drunk and definitely missing details from the case, such as why they
the metal plates scrape against his chest. “I always thought about doing that, but it never pays as much as contracting.”
to hide his own motivations and connections to Magnussen. John would not be happy to hear exactly how easy it was to manufacture a case that'd require the
him. He'd never been particularly comfortable with touch and the idea of anything personal, sexual, was either disgustingly vulgar or dull to the point of
misery, in and out of a rented unit on 72 Whitehall Lane, paying by the week and mourning what he'd had before.
been the spouse and they'd only just caught up with him – she should be dead to the world, not lying awake ruminating about things that weren't her bloody
Like it used to be. Was this Sherlock’s solution, then? John doubted it would work. He didn’t mind not knowing Sherlock’s information. He minded being
himself again. Sherlock watched him steadily, waiting for his answer, and John inhaled through his nose. He needed to answer him. They couldn't not do this
Brilliant. And almost hilarious, really, except that four people had been killed for it. As props, by the looks of it. Appalling.
despite the killing blow. Bullet-proof vest. John shot twice more, head-shots that sent blood and brain-matter exploding across the pavement. Careful to
properly, John thought, huffing out a breath. He dropped his arms, disgusted with himself. "All I want from you is for you to be miserable, to regret your
worked with Mycroft. John enjoyed watching the realization hit - that he'd focused on Sherlock, considering Sherlock's every action, and never thought
No questioning verbs in the first option except 'who'. If who, than a verb next. If not, than the first would need to be a subject or an adjective for one.
himself toward the bathroom, following Sherlock and his mouth began to water, preparing to hurl. Shit. He swallowed vilely, hoping his stomach kept itself
much more he'd almost lost. He kept an eye on the horizon, though he doubted there was any more risk of starving bears in the area now. He didn't know what
He sent next, to remind himself that he was texting a dead man. It was the right question, anyway. Why the hell had he jumped?
touched his hands to John’s lower back, as if expecting the skin there to burn him.“In three seconds,” Sherlock ordered. John nodded and stayed quiet,
"I have no idea," he said, leaning back in his seat. That wasn't entirely true. He knew they were calmer. The hate was gone. Their friendship was starting
not well enough fooled. For once Sherlock didn't give any indication of whether or not John was right in his conclusions - it didn't much matter this time
reversion to antagonism. He followed Sherlock to Mycroft's helicopter, deciding that since they'd apparently just handed Mycroft's reins to the United
That was what had happened; what more was there to say? Sherlock faltered and John jerked open the door, sending another blast of fog into the room. He
desk and leaned into it, letting his shoulder joint flare. The first of twelve repetitions for his physical therapy. It was always the least painful. He
“Five days," he answered. "And John won't live to the end of them regardless. Moriarty's man for hire is inexperienced. It’s obvious from the pictures,
"Not Sherlock, he'll be too busy reading shadows or … something," he replied, shaking his head as Sherlock opened his eyes, glaring at the woman now.
"He really loved Mrs. Hudson, quite a bit. Not quite sure how he felt about Molly. He was always a cad to her, really," he babbled as the man stopped
"-Why -not -car -G-R-E-G?" he asked when Sherlock turned around to face him. Sherlock rolled his eyes, apparently deciding to ignore the question once
"Sounds good," he answered and Sherlock nodded back, like there wasn't anything unusual about making dinner plans together. John finally zipped up his
world wavered badly and John threw out a hand to catch himself as his butt bonelessly tipped off of the seat, threatening to deposit him on the floor. He
"The world is better with you in it," he stated and Sherlock's eyes shot back to him, his mouth starting to stretch into a wide smile. Something in John's
"Changing the subject completely…" John started, unsure what to change it to. "They are fully operational soldiers, not just ceremonial," he answered
John shoved his phone into his crooked-up shoulder to free his hands. It was worth a shot; he couldn't just say nothing.
Mrs. Hudson puttered about the room, toasting breakfast breads and cooking sausage and making a seltser water 'to help with his head'. He took it
interpreter they'd provided. He hadn't liked Moriarty staring at his hands as he'd struggled through the questions. The man had smirked at him afterward,
likely that John was dead. It didn't seem Moriarty's way; he wouldn't just shoot John. It didn't fit the game, it would mean Moriarty’s death was
sitting at the kitchen table, staring into a microscope that even John could see had no slides. Sherlock didn't spare a glance at Mrs. Hudson or the
"-We -R-E-P-R-E-S-E-N-T," and John paused as Sherlock gave him the sign. "-We -represent -police. -If -we -don't go -they -look -bad," John answered.
front of him than with the line of hard muscle at John's stomach. At least with Irene Adler the boundaries had been clear; she'd have taken anything he'd
But how the hell was Sherlock Holmes to catch wind of a Mr. Singh Petroyan? The connection had to look organic.
held the plastic strip, still connected to the chain and waited, holding on and pretending to weaken worse than he already was. Mike took his chance,
wasn't stopping as the contractions forced their way wonderfully through his dick into the heat until he was done and his dick was wet and warm and he
"You don't understand anything that I am," John replied easily, as if commenting on the cold breeze around them.
his wet fingers on his pants as if he didn't mind that the water would freeze against his skin. Sherlock layered himself with John's blankets and toed off
"We?" Sherlock asked. Mycroft raised his eyebrows as if disappointed that Sherlock hadn't guessed. John glared at the man. He had better things to discuss with Sherlock. Mycroft met his gaze, looking just as surprised at him. For once, John thought he understood the
slow it down. He couldn’t move and his leg was bandaged over his knee, keeping it from bending. He fought the shoulder restraints.
"And how dare you betray the love of your friends?" Molly yelled. Yes, that was closer. John felt betrayed. He grimaced, frustrated with himself. Sherlock
his question hung in the air. John went back to his scraping but Sherlock knew not to interrupt. The conversation wasn't over.
But then people do get so sentimental about their pets. Sherlock flinched and pulled himself deeper into his blankets. He was risking Joh’s life, texting
"It is relevant because it renders your obvious revelation of attraction towards me inconsequential. You are leaving, ergo it does not matter what state
“You'll need to wear one of these,” James said, pointing out the pile of chemical protection suits on the work table. To avoid contaminating a high-profile crime scene, presumably.
“I’m sorting north African herbivores by how easily they stack. So far, the Addax is least-stackable,” he said and John winced.
"-We -stand -near -T-H-A-M-E-S. -There -W-A-T-E-R-L-O-O -B-R-I-D-G-E -away -four -M-I-L-E-S. -Four o'clock. -I -see -no -corpse. -We -search -in -water
"You're doing fine," she replied meaninglessly and John felt his teeth clench and released them purposefully. More than anything, he decided, he didn’t
He needed to find a way to kill it as it killed him, a way to save John. Ideas spun in his head, all unviable. He hadn't saved a last shot.
the hell were they doing? He needed to leave. They hadn't even been in a relationship and he'd broken up with this man.
been right that it just required more alcohol. John grabbed his bottle and took a sip, only to sputter at the taste. Beer didn't mix with brandy at all. He
that always felt like a tactical briefing before a battle. Now, he spent more time looking at how a month had stripped Sherlock of the last of his fat
"Fairly accurate," he congratulated himself and John huffed. Sherlock smiled, his eyes sparkling, and John shook his head, amused despite himself.
blood onto the hide. John shoved cardboard under the body, apparently aware that the bloody fur would thaw quickly.
See if Sherlock left him. But have him now. Incautious. Painfully foolish, probably. Could he keep himself away from his gun, if Sherlock left again?
There was nothing else going on at work. The homicide unit had the same schedule for every case. They'd get called in for a murder, figure out if it was
his arms and sulked, glaring at Mycroft. The crackhead kept moaning about the long term effects of broken limbs, which Mycroft responded to by tutting
"Mmm," Sarah said and John refocused, thinking for a moment that he'd strayed too close to the 'Sherlock' topic. Keeping in contact with exes was far more
stood up and glanced around him, entirely perturbed, only to spot Sherlock rushing up the grass back to him. "We'll go in to meet with the sergeant, sneak
a staircase blocking most of their view into the next room which looked to be an open dining room. The entrance room however, had nothing in it but what
he thought, rewatching it again, his heart racing. The email was blank, the subject line empty, and John couldn't risk Laurie seeing that video by replying to her hacked account.
The room went quiet finally and Lestrade tried to think of anything the man hadn't already mentioned. Somehow in one sentence the man seemed to have
morgue; he couldn't prove it to himself with just the one. John pulled it out of his pocket and straightened it out carefully. The folds had become worn
He didn’t have a contingency plan for this. Why did it matter? They were over any way; he was leaving. He’d not return for years. He’d lost John. How was
He asked something one handed. One hand sliding forward over the hand holding the pot away from his body. Nice, clean, material, Sherlock's mind filled
"You need to talk about something. If you don't learn ASL what use will you be? Unless you think I need another shadow, which seems to be beyond even your
confused, and watched the man stick his head up through the hole he'd created weeks before. John was not planning to fix it now – he'd not brought any of
"Those can't be more than six hours old," Sherlock stated, remembering when the snow had stopped falling the night before. The tracks were pressed into the
"-If -no -we -must -continue -slow," John amended. They hardly needed to have the whole 'past experience' talk now. God forbid. He'd explode. John pushed
food word he could possibly remember. John hadn't expected to be quite that gratified to see Sherlock shouting at a chip and pin machine. He drew the
she thought, a twinge of guilt pressing through her again. The man had a wife. She'd have to find a different colleague to fuck.
the nervous looking woman and it wasn't until the taxi driver was honking to wake them up that John realized how much they'd just trusted her. Still, she'd
He heard Sherlock take another step closer to him over the sound of the rushing water and felt his heartbeat start to rise, his breath come too quickly.
Moriarty through the teeth and anyone else who’d so threatened them. He suspected Sherlock was doing all he could to force the broken pieces of their past
stand on his own and he certainly wasn't getting up without help. Finally he settled on pushing the small table away from himself with his feet and
John pulled the chain tighter and held it with one hand, throwing out the other to grab the shortened wiretie that had held him. He got it with his fingers
him away without at least reassuring him. Lestrade had lost enough in the last few years. John had never found out if he’d ever gotten his position in the
did mean a return to surgery for his arms. "I gave you blueprints, plans, Janine and Magnussen in person. Every detail I had to give!" Sherlock growled,
to be much more simple. An assassin had standing orders to kill Mrs. Hudson if Sherlock were alive; that was threat enough. He’d kill them either way.
"It really couldn't," John replied. Mycroft nodded quickly and got up from his desk to walk over to the small table of drinks he had set by the window. He
both? It was hard to imagine a proud man like Sherlock going through withdrawal, John thought, following the man into the dark hallway. But then, he
"-Head -bandage. -I -put on -you" he signed slowly. By the time he got to 'bandage' Sherlock was already frowning heavily.
slightly and did exactly that, shoving his two hands forward from past John's laptop and pushing everything else there onto the floor with a tumbling
A man slammed into John that afternoon, apparently running for the bus stop, though no buses came at three o’clock. John checked for his wallet and phone
"-I -found -something -better. -Live -faster, -harder, -don't feel -old. -I -found -I -physical -man. -I don't like -move -slow, -sit, -live -with -brain,"
Bart’s laboratory. It had never grated, not knowing. It’d never been important. Now it bothered him, how little he knew of John Watson. Sentiment, clearly,
a moment, lying on his stomach while a female nurse painstakingly covered his back with antiseptic. He decided to leave it to Sherlock and concentrating on
"-Why? -I -learn -talk -with -you. I -not -need -learn -sign," John said, rather proud of the string of words. Sherlock smiled at that slightly, looking
like it didn't fit that Sherlock had been blindsided by someone going after his acquaintances. That he'd been blindsided by
John blinked. The camera wasn't zoomed up, but he thought – John took out his own wallet, glancing at his card. Blue. Okay. He watched the video again. A
Sherlock's brain rebelled, catching on every detail of the white tundra around them, searching desperately for a puzzle that wasn't there. He calculated
John swallowed heavily, the hollow inside him widening horribly. He didn't know how to say that aloud. He turned around and leaned against the countertop,
Sherlock swallowed and his eyes scanned over John’s blankets as if he could see down to the bandages beneath, inspecting every detail but avoiding his
himself up from his chair. John looked away, not wanting to argue with him about whether or not Sherlock had hidden his cocaine abuse under the guise of a
Sherlock had obeyed before John had figured out how to tell him to get it over with. Sherlock grimaced under the hat, hopefully enough to curtail any
"Well, that was quite awkward enough," John stated, taking the handgun from Sherlock and reloading it skillfully. His eyes flickered with fury. Sherlock
he thought, tugging slightly at the bonds around his feet. They cut against his ankles, feeling like ribbed plastic too. Fucking wire ties.
“That’s good to hear,” John said. That was true enough. It was good to hear, to be reassured that he hadn’t been such a pathetic fool, to have his life
chair to face him better. John let his hands slide down Sherlock's chest, pushing against the hard muscle there. Christ, sex with a man was so different.
humiliated, not 'hurt' or 'used'," Sherlock gloated, glancing at John as if to ensure that he was following, that he understood what Janine and he had
He'd wished for this, so many times, before he'd finally moved out of the dusty flat, trying futilely to escape the memories. He'd tried to imagine what it would have been like, to lie in bed with an alive Sherlock at his side, giggling, talking about the work. Rage and grief had always swallowed him up before the image could fully form. John stared at Sherlock, whole and complete beside him, quietly waiting, knowing his choices had been made, waiting to see how the dice would roll.
"So you're alive, you lied to me, and whatever it was that made you jump is dealt with now so you've come back," John concluded, his voice rough. Sherlock
"Sherlock, do we have a plan?" John asked and Sherlock didn't appear to be listening, thinking. Thinking too hard about this, really. "Sherlock?" John
"I can't believe you haven't heard of him. He was amazing," John stated. The man quirked a smile and opened his arms wide.
than you let on," Sherlock drawled, giving the word a slow inflection like it meant so much more than was
around, made himself meet Sherlock's eyes. That cool gray gazed back, waiting. Nothing but curiosity in his eyes, waiting to discover who John Watson had
of a true suicide, leave his home in London and his time as John Watson’s partner behind, to keep John safe. Now, at least, John did not have to mourn
rushed to get out of the way. Apparently Sherlock had gone without moving for longer than she’d realized.
judging from Sherlock's mother's tight expression, the lack was palpable. "I hope you've been well?" Mycroft asked carefully.
raised an eyebrow at him and John thought he probably hadn't managed particularly well. Sherlock led the way past the Inspector, striding into the building
"He was my friend," John answered, rolling his head as the man pulled a wrapped-up sandwich from a brown bag in front of him.
Lestrade and Donovan were standing with them, looking fairly overwhelmed. Sherlock's maniacal grin had yet to fade. The thrill of the chase still upon him,
Sherlock cracked the door open, hinges intact, and slid out form behind it, already looking towards the hallway door. Apparently he had at least known
He woke up with a crick in his neck and a very awake Sherlock pacing around the room with his violin in his hand, looking bored.
Sherlock just didn't seem like a practical enough man to make a will at all. That was probably Mycroft's doing, John thought.
“Serial killers, always hard. You have to wait for them to make a mistake,” he muttered. His phone buzzed; the cab company calling that his scheduled car had arrived.
in the water beneath him. He struggled to his feet. "Couch", he said, knowing he needed to lie down, and Sherlock helped him there.
The whole thing could have come from a bank, complete with a return envelope inside. If Moriarty had predicted his actions, he'd predicted them perfectly.
on the desk. The only pile of paper. John blinked, looking around the room. The mantle was clear, the bookcase organized and dusted, the floor free of its
relationship so badly it’d felt like a missing limb, when he was mourning. Sherlock settled back onto the couch, returning to his intense pondering without
himself to concentrate on typing in all the medical files and blocking out the rest of the world. He needed something to
"But the cubical was locked from the inside, sir. I had to break it open," the duty sergeant replied, his voice too close to John's ear. That was
John grabbed a newspaper from the pile next to where his chair was supposed to be and settled on the couch, knowing it'd be easier to turn the pages
in the doorway, crouched like he was ready to fight. John forced himself to exhale, pushing himself from Sherlock's knees and sliding onto the floor beside
decided the case wasn't particularly necessary. John didn't look like he was planning on moving for the rest of the day. Still, the case was a good one.
"It's not like you to go so long without a puzzle," John stated, his words flowing freer now. Sherlock blinked rapidly.
"-Party, -you -go -future?" John asked, expecting a quick scoff at his idiocy in asking. Instead Sherlock smiled fondly.
signs but it didn't help that neither Sherlock nor he knew the words for 'cliff' 'waterfall' or 'precipice' which the man so insisted on using.
moment, once he was sober enough to understand it. "That woman, Tessa," Sherlock started, holding a hand to his temple. Even Sherlock got hungover, John
have run out of time, without barely getting further in the chase at all; eight days – S-H-E-R-L-O-C-K written fully, and a text from Moriarty's man. They
"-You -attract -me," John replied, expecting to watch Sherlock's face do something miserable. Instead –
lying to himself and poorly. Molly had said, before he’d jumped, that John would never forgive him. He hadn’t doubted her. He’d depended on John’s
behind him. It was easier if he wasn't looking at it. He fished the rag out of the water with one arm, staring resolutely at the door and hoping his molars
in return, you can take Mycroft down. We will be the most powerful men in the world," Sherlock offered. Magnussen's mouth twitched. Political dominance, if
They arrived at the British Museum on time, for which John was grateful. He was dressed in the only suit he owned – he'd started to think of it as his
gently and John fought an impulse to lean into it like a cat. Just a medical wash, he reminded himself, but with that thought his mind turned in another
“Use the paper,” she said, gesturing at the roll of paper towels standing on top of the broken dispenser. Sherlock nodded and she left.
given that people often learned foreign languages despite knowing no one in the field at all -look at Latin, clearly. Perhaps that was outlying data,
scattered over Sherlock's desk; the coffee mug, the still-open laptop, the random papers and post-its and ballpoint pens.
wanted to thank her but the footsteps were approaching again and Mrs. Hudson had clearly heard them for she was moving to stand up.
up, nausea or no. Anger fizzled through his chest at the thought of Sherlock thinking he was healed, done grieving and ‘fine now’.
door slammed open, against any kind of deportment training. A soldier rushed in, looking scared. A fully grown man with the marks of a sergeant; he should
picking through the apartment more carefully, scouring the living room for whatever bits of information Sherlock had left behind. He’d protect Sherlock.
at least he'd been understood. And he hadn't had to open his mouth while lying beneath a dumpster that had once held a rotting corpse so really he was
John had barely cracked open the door before the cameras were flashing off in his face and the paparazzi started screaming. Magnussen, of course, he
"Crack helps me think more. I'd left .. London. Needed the opposite," he explained simply, waving a hand generally in John's direction. "Why did you?"
back onto the bed and pulled his foot back under the warm comforters, wincing at the screaming downstairs and trying to decide how on
“-That -not -my -choice. -Choice -you -not -give -me,” John replied shaking his head. Sherlock stared at his partner, his mouth dry. How had he forgotten
to learn them even if he couldn't speak to anyone else in the country at the end of the day. That was hardly the point.
Sherlock added, his voice deep with some second meaning. John wanted to reach out and kill him and never have to deal with the life of Sherlock Holmes
annoyance only to recognize them and start to pull out their phones. "Let's go, John!" Sherlock exclaimed and John was just as happy to run out after him.
anticipated their GPS tracker on the letters, had buried the letters with their contents and left them empty handed?
He made sure Lestrade saw him check the woman's ring. Dirty, unlike the rest of her jewelery. Meaningless. People rarely took off their rings, regardless of their marital happiness, and friction kept the inside clean, but most of the idiots in the room wouldn't question him. Except for Dr. John Watson. Watson wasn't an idiot. James was still introducing Sherlock to the soldier; not a good time to be sloppy. Perhaps he wouldn't mention the ring, unless pressed.
He drank, watching Sherlock as the man thought. "He was not brilliant but was apparently good enough in his position to gain some renown. I was six when he
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, doing his best to think of something appropriately snarky that would set the man off, but John pointed at him, looking
Oh this man was cruelly brilliant. What would happen, if he reported this? Surely Moriarty wouldn't show him something truly dangerous. But if he said nothing – what then? How implicated would he become before he had enough evidence to bring Moriarty to justice? Was that his plan – to pray he'd turn Moriarty in before the police caught up with them, and then pray for immunity for all he'd done and not done? This undercover job was beginning to feel like a boa constrictor, already wrapping around him, before it'd even started.
John couldn't place it. Sherlock rolled his eyes at him and sat back but there was a lightness in his expression that told John he wasn't actually annoyed
"No, I -" John hesitated, looking down at his slings. His surgeon had recommended therapy, the nurses even more so. He'd nodded and thanked them and never
already tended to be useless due to too many potential causes. Why did he want to hear John's voice? What more could it add?
bloody subway," John commented and Sherlock nodded, knowing he was warming up with the easy things. They'd done this before. "He's about forty or fifty
There was a burning nail at his back. There always would be. He needed to know no one could so pin them down again. They'd have the upper hand. They'd be
“Most of them,” Sherlock replied. “Helped along by the fact that they’d not heard from their employer in months - not if I’d gotten to the middleman
Magnussen? They have to check, which explains why there's a camera at eye height to the right of the door."
eyelids to check for anemia. His eyes were pale pink beneath their whites, no longer red with blood. Not good, but not dead and there was nothing to be
unnaturally and Mycroft paused, one foot in the doorway, hesitating. “For my part in this,” he started, turning around again.
John sat down in the chair across form Ella, wondering what he was mourning this time. Nothing that he himself hadn't thrown away.
hesitation. Leaving John to pay the cab fare as always, John noted, glad that Greg had recovered his wallet from the crime scene. He flipped open the
John collapsed on the couch, another stack of ASL sheets in his hand. He ducked his head, feeling tears starting to build behind his eyes.
Keep your eyes fixed on me. John swallowed down his anger. Sherlock’s expression sobered, reading it anyway.
He thought he was starting to prefer it unspoken again. Sherlock lay like a rock beside him, his muscles utterly still and his mind almost tangibly
photograph, then?" Sherlock asked aloud as the clip continued. "No, no, stupid, look at the edges, they're cut off," he said to himself, staring up at the
. And they were asking about his bloody reputation again? Not a suicide, almost certainly not a suicide. Moriarty’s contingency plan. Which meant John was
“Well,” she said, glancing around the abandoned room. John glanced down at his restrained arms, unsure what to say. He joined her in taking in the empty
message. Did he truly have something better to discuss with Sherlock Holmes? Did he have anything to discuss at all? He could understand why Mycroft would
“John!” Mrs. Hudson screeched and John slammed the door closed. The flat wasn't quiet enough. He could still hear Mrs. Hudson scrambling around downstairs,
“Your -partner. -To -who -you -reveal -everything. -Who -you -trust -with -full -knowledge,” John demanded and left, closing the door behind himself.
"Well, it's good to be missed," John said as casually as he could, trying to brush it off, at least publicly. Anderson winced and turned away. John looked
Something was wrong with that. John couldn't quite remember what, but he thought he might have missed something. Some little detail…whose dog?
“-Let -me -think -you -died? -This -case -never -include -me? -This -danger -M-O-R-I-A-R-T-Y -let -your -problem. -Mine? -Never. -Concept -us? -in -your
invitation. Showed no sign of shame. Just a certain grim resignation. Grim? Sherlock felt his eyes widen in realization, recognizing John's old expression.
John leaned against the bedroom wall while he watched Sherlock meticulously move the sprawled-out owl skeleton onto a tray and off his mattress. Pleasantly
"You shouldn't have to hear it form me. Sherlock Holmes was creepy; he always was, and if there's anything I've learned in forensics its that the world
"Come in John," Sherlock called from inside. Of course. John walked into the kitchen, where he'd heard the voice, to find Sherlock sitting at the table
Sherlock woke up to a screaming ringing in his ears. It pounded at him, the pain setting him to rolling over, reaching to pull away whatever was gripping
to the water glug down the drain, hoping they'd have enough hot water. Sherlock hovered by the toilet, periodically blotting the blood from his face. His
at gunpoint. They’d had to have gotten him there somehow. If you’ve got a lead, track it down. Let’s move, people,” Lestrade ordered, and the shuffling,
He could apparently get away with more when deaf, Sherlock mused, not pausing in his playing. John had never given him more than five minutes of bad
families but no one ever, ever asked what got them to drink in the first place. Family history was acceptable to discuss but never to ask for and almost no
The cable disappeared into the window one floor below. A breakaway cable. What could that mean? Sherlock jumped, caught a cable, attached it to himself,
there was. Papers and folders were piled on every available surface and strewn over most of the floor. John stepped
John blinked rapidly. He wanted to ask what was odd about the case but then, he didn't want to mangle their flimsy lie. Instead he tossed back another gulp
“Well, just think how many wealthy narcissistic fools wondering about the purpose of their lives you’ve saved from truly dreadful advice,” Sherlock
beneath his chest. The wire ties were coated in blood and at a strange angle, tightened into the skin too far. They looked like they cut into their
down to fiddle with the man's hair. Sherlock's body slowly relaxed into the couch and John went back to his blog, deciding not to mention the whole
“You knew,” Sherlock concluded aloud, sounding shocked. John dragged his eyes back to him. Of course Sherlock would be able to tell such a thing, with
He had most of a new chair made in the kitchen. It'd be kindling as soon as the man had gone. And it'd be another long series of danger nights before the
"Uh-" John started before sighing and lowering his briefcase to the ground. Sherlock waited for him, glowering. John took the time to take off his coat and
didn't have a single friend either and it grated to use words so idiotically but all the same, John
Sherlock Holmes could smell. He’d always seemed like such an ethereal man, waltzing into crime scenes and waltzing out with barely a footprint to mark his
Oh god, there was no use, he knew this feeling. Tingling was building up in his groin and arse, starting to contract and he wanted to
was starting to believe he'd find his home empty, no sign of his hallucination anywhere in sight. The thought dragged at him. It'd be a danger night,
"-Want -you -speak -normal," he said. Sherlock had to focus not to allow his shoulders to sink in disappointment.
was scraped where the single chair had dragged, back and forth from its cramped place between the tiny table and the wall, where no right-handed man would
John thought, shoving his wallet deep into his pocket and looking up at Sherlock. He couldn’t raise his arms over his shoulders, couldn’t use his back
He grabbed John's free hand quickly, almost sloshing tea out of the other. People held hands. John frowned at him but didn't tug his hand away. Only
"He's awake, rolling must have been painful but he did it between these two photos, see? He has moved his hands significantly, revealing this white line on
John scrawled quickly, before quickly grabbing the untaped bandage on Sherlock's head. If it loosened he'd have to start all over and there was no way he
"I'm not at liberty to say," John stalled, pushing his I.D into his wallet. He was definitely going to get tossed out.
organization, investigating their pasts, meticulously laying their crimes out before the law enforcement’s feet while never surfacing to the light of day?
"Bored!" he complained and John smiled. It'd been too long since he'd heard that word. A year of absence and mourning, nine days of torture, six weeks of
as he took out some left over take-away. Sherlock had been accosting him with random questions to pester him into practicing signs every time he'd stopped
“How do I fix this, John?” he pleaded. John stared. Such a man. Such a brilliant, arrogant, excitable man, brought so low.
"Shite," Greg cursed, glancing back at the door. They'd come full circle. John alone and failing to heal, Sherlock nowhere to be found. Hopefully this time
John clicked his tongue, disagreeing. Sherlock frowned at him, obviously puzzled, but he got in the car. Mycroft's eyes widened in understanding and
would be nothing to stop him the next time he forgot something about Sherlock, forgot how he sounded or stood or smelled. The urge would come again and he
effort? John was brilliant. Sherlock ran his hands through his hair, trying not to imagine what John would feel like, now, his swollen skin rough with cuts
years old. Has incompetent bodyguards, more for show and as an audience than any real security. Probably because he always feels safe, a threat to match
"Sherlock. Sherlock, Sherlock," the man was begging. John thought that Sherlock was dead, and still he called for him. Jesus. Sherlock just stared at the
"She's nothing, John," Sherlock promised, his voice deep. John turned his head to see Sherlock staring at him, like he was trying to peer through him.
"Also, I doubt you appreciate this, but I am really fucking bored," the man said, sitting down in his chair. "This is without a doubt the worst job I've
John was stuffing his next shell into the shotgun chamber and backing up, toward the dogs. To protect them or for his own protection? The thought shot
the current interest level and with a rather piss-poor photographer for a client. There was nothing more they could do tonight.
into Sherlock's chair. Sherlock groaned, obviously frustrated. John didn't have to ask why. There was nothing more to do with the case but see if
this was not their usual routine. The house smelled like candle smoke and ham. The kitchen was large and well lit. Most of its floorspace was taken up by a
the war, what made Sherlock think anything had changed? And if Sherlock didn’t expect him to rely on Harry, who, then? Or had Sherlock not realized that
"So, Molly," he started, and she turned too quickly, her mouth already open to speak. "Go ahead," he offered.
John's jaw clamped shut and he started chipping the ice away from the door. He didn't want an apology, then. It'd take him three minutes to leave, Sherlock
was safe to eat and cut it apart with a fresh knife. He left the knives and carcass on the kitchen counter top and handed Sherlock a plate without a word.
"-Dog. -Name -B-I-S-C-U-I-T. -Happen -my -mother -buy -him, -he -baby. -Harry -remember. -I -no. -Happen -he -die, -I -twelve years old," John replied.
dehydration and shock, and Sally wondered if that was going to finally destroy Sherlock Holmes. Ironic, after all the genius had done to come back from the
shoes? No, they'd be stolen by now unless he could defend them. The others would eat him alive if they found him, which they almost certainly have done.
boy's shirt. Deeper, wider bruises there. The boy had been held down and kicked. John swallowed. He was starting to get better at this. "Why are we here?"
He grabbed onto Sherlock's hair and shoulder and felt as the man leaned in and then John was slamming his head back on the wall, trying not to shout. Heat
"Okay, allowed to scream, outskirts of London or rural basement somewhere. The building looked large, that concrete wall was thick enough for the fish eye
withhold without intensive training. A mind-palace, but with something truly interesting inside - a delivery speed Sherlock lacked, a fault Sherlock
"-So -you -don't like -learn -sign," Sherlock concluded, checking with the man. John shook his head and shrugged.
"Show me the second picture," Sherlock ordered and Lestrade had to think for a moment before he nodded to his tech guy to project the text. He did not want
"Yes, brilliant deduction, thank you," John snarled. And hell, he'd sounded like Sherlock. John turned back to the man, who was currently throwing back the
"This is Charlie's murder scene from last week. He remembered that it was by this graveyard and let me know. I thought it sounded promising," Lestrade
manager's attention, even, and turned to growl at the man while John carefully continued sliding their damn items over the bar code reader.
"You trying to warn me off?" he asked. That would be better too. Let Sherlock show him one more time that he'd rather John safe than sane. This time, John
Molly was back at work, he saw when he got to the morgue doors. He wasn't surprised that she'd needed to hide in menial tasks too. She was standing by the
what was wrapped in his hands – he was already grimacing. Still, the man unwrapped it. Oh hell, he was right; it was a deerstalker. Sherlock was going to
exposure could kill a grown man. He picked small bites of meat out of the gravy as it heated, wary of the temperamental lead dog sleeping at his feet, its
them. He would see Sherlock again, some day. Mike’s bottle hissed as it popped open and he walked away, chugging it down.
He was getting better at chewing through plastic. He spent his time chewing and memorizing everything he could; he knew how long it took the man to come
"I need to not think," he ordered. Her face softened. Yes, then. Good. He started for his office and she walked around the desk to grab his arm.
work into dragging Sherlock Holmes away from drugs, and he’d thought he’d found a friend in the man who’d emerged in John Watson’s company.
Okay, so like, what's Anderson's first name?" she asked. Sherlock blinked at her. He could figure it out, remember conversations long past, try to see who
shirt, she leaned in slightly – possibly attracted to him. The thing in her pocket creaked, sounded like something small, hollow, and cheap plastic. Her
only to apologize for the color that day and get stories in return that measured out mice in gallons.
caribou carcass was frozen to the table, the edges of it crystallized with damaged meat. John banged the snow out of his mukluks and overpants and washed
Still, he figured, he'd won either way. He was most definitively not mad. No one ever read his military file. He found his wallet and phone in Mike's bag
John was called away from Sherlock's bed by a pretty nurse with three earring holes and a tattoo on her hand – not his type – and asked to sign the release
"-Take -box," John replied. The president was glancing between them, looking unsure but he held out the box to Sherlock.
“I can,” he replied. John blinked, watching him walk into the kitchen for a bottle opener. Once again, he wondered what Sherlock had gone through in his
uncanny ability to accept things at face value. Being deaf was rapidly showing itself to be a net positive. And yet every time he thought of never having
something resembling military attention. Annoyed, his mind supplied immediately. He'd determined that move's meaning over the first week he'd known the man
him, thinking about the man lying to him, so cavalierly, after so much pain. Would nothing make it stop? And why the fuck was he here, then?
up without playing a note, his entire body utterly still. He apparently had a wax sculpture for a flatmate today. John didn't ask.
"I researched you. Before we met I discovered everything that I could to impress you. It's a trick, a magic trick."
"I realize that," he growled, gesturing to the empty tundra, the peed-on porcupine trap, the endlessly barking dogs. "What I don't understand is
"Sherlock..." John started aloud, though he had nothing to say. That was the trouble with ASL; he knew no 'filler' words. Couldn't spell out Sherlock's
brain, when John needed it most? He sat down on the floor on the other side of the map and grabbed the next sheet of the list of condemned buildings and
He looked gorgeous. John ran a hand over his forehead, trying to organize his scattered thoughts. They weren't going there;
items all the way to the arctic, the only personal items he'd kept at all? Replaceable, commercial products were rarely so safeguarded. A personal item
opened it up, not quite sure what to think. He'd just hope Sherlock healed within the next few weeks and the BSL would be rendered useless.
she asked. Sherlock rolled his eyes. Why would he have said 'stay' at home with John if he weren't in the building?
fucked for it? But then, Sherlock pulled his hands behind his back, like he did when he felt awkward, and
"-No," he answered. "-Father -die -I -twenty three years old. -Mother -die -four years ago," John replied.
"There's only one set of footsteps in the clip," he said, closing his eyes and resting his head against the back of his forehead as he thought. Donovan
body had been dropped here. The victim was male and dark-haired, his long locks extending past his shoulders. A new-age hippie, John thought, seeing the
front of him. He had a trimmed mustache and green eyes, and smiled blandly at him like they'd just been left awkwardly alone at a cocktail party.
"John?" He called, looking up from where he was staring at the picture, to see Donovan standing at the conference room doorway. Sherlock felt his breath
"Those were small tracks for a grizzly, and they didn't sink deep into the packed snow," he replied, his voice pitched normally.
“Not long, probably,” he answered. Mrs. Hudson took his hand, wrapping her warm, wrinkled fingers around his palm.
prison had concrete internal or basement walls but it was less likely. Someone was screeching in his ear about their private desk space but Sherlock was
Moriarty must have noticed that John would disappear for days without problem, were Sherlock taken out of the picture.
– no signs of trauma. The bed was unmade, all its blankets shoved in a pile by the base of it. The man looked to be in his mid-forties, slightly overweight
“Oh bloody hell,” she cursed. John blinked, surprised. She didn't sound angry. Donovan gripped a hand over her heart and inhaled sharply. “Oh bloody
that all looked positively normal to seeing Sherlock in a hospital bed, apparently utterly unaffected by the loss of one of his major senses. He sat
"And John. You can't tell me you don't care about John," she said, confident now. Apparently punching a wall had helped something between them. He should
and some food in the morning. There's a Brewers Fayre not far off. Feel free to pick a pee corner, try not to sleep in it and if you scream I will gag you
“That explains why he never talked about it. I asked him once how he’d been shot. He replied he ‘got in the way of a bullet’,” she related. Sherlock
"I knew him," she said simply. Sherlock walked forward and slipped her a few quid. "He's not from around here. Who knows where he's from," she said, eying
“You're having sex with a young woman but you've never married. You drive a snowmobile and repair it yourself – badly, assuming it's the one outside. You've noticed the grease stains on your pants but don't care. You will never get off of government checks but don't be concerned; those costs will be kept down by the fact that you'll die at a very young age – alcohol poisoning occurs faster amongst the chronically vitamin deficient. The only thing left for you to do is wonder what you are
The rock sturdy sharpshooter with a paradoxical desire for danger and utter banality. John swallowed and turned around to pull open the
Fortunately, the press kept their calm and professional masks on when standing in the middle of Scotland Yard in front of a detective inspector. John
the patient. The duty sergeant came back and John sent him off for Bainbridge's military file; it'd list his blood type for the transfusion for sure. Then
John sighed quietly, staring at the sun lit ceiling of the quiet home he'd carved out of the American arctic. He didn't need it anymore. He wasn't mourning anymore.
strong feeling so he only turned as much as the rest of the crowd and turned back with them, never glancing at the man he might be shooting. He turned back
He paid the cabby in cash and opened the door before the car had completely stopped. He was starting to seriously doubt and he couldn't let that hope
nothing showed any hint of concern that Sherlock Holmes had left his world. There was a reassuring brutality to life here.
"So, I'll just pay this, shall I?" John grumbled, trying to get his wallet out of his trouser pocket. He'd been hours out of his slings. Too long. His
The driver drove straight for it, his eyelashes pinched against the wind. His eyelids were threatening to freeze closed. The man rubbed them occasionally,
It really was. John went to take a shower. He wasn't dirty but there was nothing to do in the flat and he knew better than to stop.
You disappeared after he died, you know,” Harry said, jerking her head toward Sherlock. "I'll take care of you, this time."
your flagging ego. You’re drunk before you arrive, drunk in their beds, and you come straight here when you’re kicked out in the morning, and yet you don’t
John frowned at Sherlock, wondering when the man had left 221B, if he truly had. Sherlock curled up in his chair facing the kitchen, ignoring them all. He
but it did not stop until Mike decided the metal was too cold and pulled it away again. John felt flesh tug and knew his skin had cauterized onto the
"Got some sticky notes?" he asked and Sherlock stood up. Too quickly, apparently, for the man threw out his arms for balance and wavered for a moment,
"Er...John's boss. And ex-girlfriend?" she said, ignoring Lestrade as well. Right. The bossy woman who had helped in the case with the insane Chinese woman
“Turn this chair?” He asked and did his best to help her shove the chair around, albeit only pushing with his undamaged leg. Mrs. Hudson grunted with the
Mrs. Hudson came and kept them company sometimes, keeping up a long stream of chatter, filling them in on the neighborhood. She didn’t seem to mind that they didn’t say much back, but then, they never really had.
tranquilizer. This wasn't going to solve the endless list of questions around Sherlock's death, but perhaps it'd keep Mrs. Hudson safe.
bit smug. John closed the stove door and pushed himself back to his feet, his bad leg barely wavering.
"-Why -you -study -C-H-E-M-I-S-T-R-Y?" he returned and Sherlock moved to speak before switching to sign. He'd
and Sherlock nodded back – apparently understanding the show-not-tell session. John strode over to where Sherlock was staring at him and pushed his hands
shoving things around without improving any sense of order. He glanced at John periodically, his blue eyes scanning down his body, cataloging everything,
Still, no extra clues that he could see in the photograph. No great enlightenment, no saving grace of a madman's brilliant mind, nothing but concrete,
"I would, if you'd just..,” John started, holding his keys, but the joke didn't come out right. Lestrade glanced over and blinked rapidly before shifting
"I'll get the snow to melt," he groaned, pulling on his overpants and mukluks. Sherlock was already feeding more wood into the fire.
Donovan was striding outside, giving orders for camera warrants and phone records. Anderson walked behind her, staring at her ass as he snapped off his gloves. Donovan stopped short, gaping at Sherlock Holmes like she was watching her own death.
“Well, he’s not going to find you this time,” Mike commented, and John knew the nail was almost hot. John shook his head but kept his mouth shut. He’d gain
"-Anyway, -most -want -since -1982. -We -got -him, -thank -you -you -got -him -with -all -D-I-P-L-O-M-A-C-Y -intact. -Sarcasm," John translated. Sherlock
and shrugged self-consciously. “I’m just never sure, like, you get into a routine and you wonder, is this it? The same day, over and over again, until I’m
parents had owned – it was never just another ASL exercise for him. In a conversation about Sherlock -regardless of its irrelevance- John never got bored.
"So Janine, that went well," John prompted and Sherlock nodded, pushing his brain to think about the case. He needed to include John in the case, his
and went with little to mark its passing. The sun rose orange over the mountains and dipped beneath them only hours later.
"No," John replied shortly and started on harnessing the dogs, as if that was the end of the conversation. Sherlock frowned, recognizing the tone. Even
"-That -man -who? -Don't care. -I -love -him," Sherlock stated and John choked on a laugh. He coughed into his hand as subtly as he could and Sherlock
They were running out of time before the next one of the man's power plays. And James had better lose this one. Not spectacular timing, but the silent pressure did succeed in pressuring the doctor to begin examining the dead Jennifer Wilson. It didn't take him long.
from the couch and he'd gone to the bedsit, bringing nothing but his gun and a tarp. He'd gone back and packed his bags. His one last attempt to keep from
room. John lay down and pulled the heavy furs over his chest. He clasped his hands on his stomach and closed his eyes, as if simply waiting for the
Recovery always felt anti-climactic. He remembered sitting in this same chair, slowly realizing that his post-war recovery really was going to happen while
"What's the point, John?" Sherlock demanded when John found something suitably brainless to watch. Sherlock stalked across the room to pick up his violin
identities..Who? Too many options," he hissed. "The staff, the patients, their visitors…Too many, too many, too many!" he yelled at the door, slapping a
blood and flushing without standing up or twisting his damaged shoulders. Exhausted and limp, John cleared his throat, praying the idiot was still in the
Molly knew she was breaking a promise Sherlock would never forgive. She was supposed to be taking care of John – had sworn she'd bring him food, 'make him
Sherlock turned toward the ceiling, watching the dust fly overhead. John had slammed the door. He wished he had no connections but Mycroft again. That had
"-I -don't know," he admitted finally, and was hardly surprised by Sherlock glowering at him. "-Better -not think -she -want -you," he clarified. Sherlock
"Tap is fine," John replied and Samantha nodded quickly and walked away, still looking vaguely confused. "-She -learn -B-S-L -for -you, -you -know," he
enjoying the thought. He tried to push himself up from his seat, thinking he was risking slowly sinking out of it, and got to the edge of his cushion. The
"Neither," Sherlock announced, pulling a rag from beneath the sink without sitting up, just in time for the blood to start flowing toward his mouth.
He'd spent all damn day at work and had gotten through just under two BSL online lessons, barely more than twenty words.
added, to keep talking. He regretted it immediately, as it drew the torturer's gaze back to the note.
"You're wondering why John puts up with me," Sherlock commented. Sally felt her eyes flick back up to meet his gaze.
explained slowly, looking every bit as awkward as he had at Angelo's the first night, saying he was married to his work.
Eventually John looked up to see Sherlock hovering in the doorway to his bedroom, looking utterly uncomfortable. He was clasping and unclasping his hands
"Exactly; when he showed us the letters," Sherlock said, pitching his fingers in front of his mouth and grinning to himself. John huffed out a breath. "So
"Yes, they're gone," John said, following her and doing his best to hide his shock. Surely this was just another one of Sherlock's machinations. Nothing
Sherlock pressed up behind him, his bare chest warm against John's back, and dropped his plate into the basin of gray water. John wanted to crawl back into
"Brilliant, John!" he shouted, shoving his arm in the other half of his coat. John zipped up his own, watching as the other patrons looked over in
"Magnussen's office building. His personal office is on the top floor. Just below his private flat. But there are fourteen levels of security between the
Sally punched in the button to call the elevator, hating herself even more. Sherlock wasn't a sociopath and Moriarty was terrifyingly real. Or, at least,
He returned to the house to find Sherlock peering into the cannibal pot, a fork at the ready. John smiled softly and stripped off his parka and gloves. The
removed the man's glasses from his face, giving it as much drama as he could. This was humiliating.
could have set all of Sherlock's case notes on fire and the genius wouldn't have gotten rid of him. John pressed his hand flat against the wall beside the
The detective swallowed, looking ill, and John realized that with the way he was angled toward the tub, Greg could see his burns.
Someone was trotting up the stairs. John stayed seated, fiddling with his cane and wondering if Moriarty would let him see much more of his life than he already had. It wasn't clear what use James Moriarty had for him. They'd be more then flatmates, surely. The man that trotted up the steps made John's heart sink into his stomach. A detective inspector, badge and all, walked comfortably into Moriarty's domain without any sign of concern.
blinked, processing the statement, and had to suppress a laugh. Gladstone looked up from where he lay beside the woodpile, escaping the wind. Sherlock
"Sorry?" the woman asked, sounding affronted. Sherlock strode up to them and stepped in front of John, his arse almost scraping against John's knee as he
Sherlock thought but he had to admit – the likelihood of John being dead already was far greater than not and if he wasn't alive it was almost certain that
by what he got – a photo of his best damn friend in the world lying very dead on a mortuary table, with his face smashed in and his arm going the
very utilitarian. He'd missed that detail. Every wooden surface in the home was sanded smooth, where a man had stood and performed the same mindless action
Sherlock turned in his chair to stare into his eyes. John looked away, too distracted by the colors there to think.
routine will do to you, it’ll make time speed up. But then, without a routine I’m miserable, so I’m left wondering - is this what I’m supposed to be
funeral suit before that morning. Sherlock, of course, went in his usual attire and managed to outdress him anyway.
He drove the body to the west, to the ugly part of the city where the tourists never went. He parked under a bridge and prepared a second vial of the
sculpted into an ear bone collection? That was likely still stuffed into the central air vent. She would want to know that most of all, he thought. Surely
John closed his eyes and pulled open the front door, walking in slowly despite his habit and letting Gladstone in behind him.
shielding his head but nothing on his rapidly whitening face. Sherlock gripped his ski mask in his fist, wishing he could put it back on. John's eyes
John sat down on his chair and sent up a cloud of dust around him. Three years. The time weighed between them differently here. Sherlock kept exploring. John knew what he'd find; the flat looked exactly like how he'd left it. The experiments were gone, the refrigerator empty. The kitchen cabinets were still full of their oddball assortment of cups and plates but the chemistry equipment was gone. There was a stack of mail on the small table by John's elbow, collected by Mrs. Hudson before John left. All the bills had gotten paid. Everything else ended up there: coupons for the local gym memberships, adverts for half price boxers, unsolicited credit cards and insurance quotes, all long since expired. John shuffled through them quietly, uncertain why he was bothering.
fact that he was strapped to a hospital cot, which if it were anyone else John would attribute to denial but with Sherlock? For all he knew, the man was
too easy for that. There was nothing more inherently frightening about a darkened parking garage than a well-lit street – getting shot felt just the same.
The small kerosene lamp hanging on a metal hook from the single crossbeam lent the room a dingy orange glow. Shelves lined the back wall by the iron stove,
He knew he was at a crossroads. He could push at Sherlock's chest, only a slight pressure and Sherlock would pull away. It'd be awkward, and awkward in the
John stood and started to dress to bring the slop pot outside. Unusual, for a man who lived by routine and always took it out in the morning. Ah – he had
Magnussen sat down again. Sherlock's face had barely moved during the blackmailer's spiel. Before Moriarty's torture, before Sherlock's reappearance, John
"New recruits. It's a standard procedure to break the new boys in, but it went wrong. They all died. He was the only survivor. The press and the families
John knew he wasn't faking, wasn't in disguise on a case or whatever he'd planned to say. He was using.
trying to be interested. He’d left Sherlock Holmes. That was over. He needed to find something new.
"Ab, bab, cab, dab, eab, etc," Sherlock ordered with a dismissive wave of his hand. John sighed, and returned to the exercise. Anything to keep from
invitation. He needed to think of something. His cellphone beeped with another call. The pause was getting awkward.
Mycroft would not stand in the way of this investigation; it would mean severing every connection they had and Sherlock was too valuable an asset. No,
They walked in silence at a slower pace than John expected. They took the Jubilee line, a strange change from Sherlock's usual habit of hailing a cab every
"Nope." Sherlock looked smug. John watched him. It'd been a long time since he'd seen Sherlock in his element. He had to admit, he could still captivate a
They'd yet to sweep the floor; surely John was as often reminded of their need as he was. Then again, John was not trained in observation. Sure enough,
"-Wood," he answered and Sherlock beamed at him again. Hell, he'd never known the man capable of smiling so much. He was going to be forever envious of
before the man was dropping a pair of speakers, a red dishcloth, an unripened apple – when had they gotten that? - a bag of rice, and -was that a fork?- at
"You already knew that was there. You've seen all this before," he said, pointing at John's back. John turned away from the tub to hide his back, too
He pushed a hand into Sherlock's hair. It was thick and soft beneath his fingers. Sherlock's eyes flickered with anticipation and nerves and John smiled,
"You said you'd eat. Let's go," she ordered, stepping back. She felt her eyebrows shoot up when the man slowly pushed his seat back away from the
Sherlock wasn’t the same man either anymore. John rested his elbows on his knees and watched Sherlock Holmes resting with his head against the wall, his face washed in sunlight, and remembered a younger, frantic man, spitting out rage and excitement like an active volcano.
Sherlock's muscled arms were tensed beside his head and John cursed the darkness that kept him from admiring him, enjoying this singular moment in its
"So Magnussen," Sherlock started and John exhaled in relief. They didn't have to deal with it, talk about their emotions and come to a great understanding.
“That’s why I shot him,” John agreed, nodding, and Sherlock laughed. Something tense uncurled in John's chest at the sound. Sherlock Holmes, alive and
prints in the snow. It didn't look all that dangerous, despite its size. It had a thick brown coat of fur that waved in the slight breeze, making its true
"Found the kettle," he joked. Sherlock lifted his head from his work and stared at him, clearly missing the joke. "Janine - er - hid it," John explained
They didn't find any clue as to where the stash was kept, which meant finding where they'd left the museum, figuring out where they'd probably caught the
“Of course, you were a soldier, weren’t you?” the nurse said, putting a gentle hand on the back of John’s neck, where the dogtag’s chain rested.
microscope suddenly, as if called by some silent alarm. He stacked a plate with food, grabbed a fork, and brought it towards him. John pulled himself up to
Sherlock pitched his fingers beneath his chin, ignoring the nurse who’d come in to check on John. The hospital wing was named for his grandmother; they’d
“No, I think he's brilliant enough,” Sherlock corrected. “I love the brilliant ones. They're all so desperate to get caught.”
another round of useless therapy. And he was not in control of his violence, now. John glanced at Sherlock, still lying on the bathroom tile, and rubbed at
unsure what else to ask."But you're lying to her," he asked finally. Hopefully. There was nothing not good in that but John couldn't bring himself to give
"Then be busy eating," she ordered again. He didn't answer her. Lestrade gave her a sad smile and shrugged. "You said you would," Sally added finally and
there was some rule about likening people to the dead even in honest cases. Made people feel threatened or ugly and Molly likely wasn't shooting for
"Well, yes," she admitted, glad for a moment that Sherlock did not seem to understand any social norms, when she was currently breaking all of them. But
He'd lost John. Sherlock let his body scream in pain and focused on it. Molly was pushing his arm back into its socket before she set the bone. He felt it
John exhaled, something in his heart untwisting. A lasting bit of hate he'd never gotten out. He picked around the room's worn furniture, dragging his hand
"Why not?" Sherlock pressed, rubbing his hands over his arms to try and warm them. John glanced up from his work, his face red in the cold.
"Congratulations on the case," she said, smiling softly as he walked past her desk. John turned back.
“I was tortured by an American who called himself Mike, no last name. He carried no I.D in his wallet. He said he was fulfilling a past contract and read
Something whispered at him. He licked his lips, unsure what to say and Sarah clasped her hands on the desk between them.
"We have no idea what we're facing here. We are to do perimeter control only while the force firearms unit performs the building search," Lestrade reminded
had stopped bleeding in favor of swelling up and reddening to a faint purple. There was blood on his shirt, John realized belatedly, recognizing Sherlock's
bear and tarp off the sled and into the house. They got inside and stripped off their outer wear. John grabbed his skinning knife and Sherlock grabbed the
years if 3-SAT was solved. But his mother had almost killed herself on that problem. He knew what it would take to solve it, and it wasn't a tapped pattern
He'd ended up here. But he knew how to live here, a silent traumatized man. And Sherlock couldn't hold out his hand and say 'it could be dangerous' and fix
"Lady Elizabeth Smallwood. I like her," he said and insanely started to make a small popping sound with his lips. John frowned, rapidly getting tired of
"A hate crime. For being a white rich man?" Donovan growled and Sherlock pushed himself out of the shed, clearly finished.
"Don't really know, to the honest," he said, lifting himself up in the chair slightly to reach into his back pocket. He pulled out a folded slip of
the kitchen table. He'd miss the quiet company, the reminder that Sherlock Holmes still existed in his world.
“Yes, pardon. I’ll have a large, two sugars please,” Sherlock replied and the manager smiled like there was no concern in the conversation at all.
five, the first one fifteen are mostly articles and the like that most sign languages have brightly skipped."
John moved toward the kitchen, presumably to start more tea, and Sherlock started on writing his email, a grin starting across his face.
“And John?” Lestrade asked, worry clear in his voice. He pulled away, holding Sherlock by the shoulders as if unwilling to let him step another foot away. Sherlock's face fell. John blinked, pausing in his stride, watching as Sherlock's eyes grew haunted from whatever he saw in Lestrade's expression. Lestrade sighed, his shoulders drooping heavily.
even better, arranging himself to lie down on the couch, the pain killers hitting too strongly for his back to twinge at all. Sherlock jerked his hands
John pressed his fingers into his eyesockets carefully, trying to find his patience. He felt a warm hand wrap around his fingers and pull them away from
They got back to the apartment and John turned on the television, demanding a break before Sherlock got the chance to accost him with the latest pile of
involvement. This was why you didn't fucking negotiate with terrorists – you never knew what you were handing them.
John kept his eyes on the bland drop-ceiling and benignly familiar metal cabinets of a laboratory he'd entered a hundred times before, avoiding the murderer he'd just glimpsed peering into a microscope on the opposite side of the room. He had to look calm, collected, like he knew nothing at all of a tall dark-haired man named James Moriarty.
"Reading. He did this weird thing, interrupting you, saying he was reading," John said. Sherlock paused, only one arm in his coat sleeve, the rest of the
“-M-O-R-I-A-R-T-Y?” John asked, pointing to the blood puddle with his right hand. Sherlock swallowed and nodded, glancing around the roof as if expecting a
when he'd moved in but using two towels to cover himself like a bloody dress was hardly on so he'd gotten used to it. By now, he figured, trying to ignore
happen. A good fact, probably. John knew neither of them were in a healthy enough mindset to be doing anything with each other. A friendship, once again.
pulled on his gloves. He jerked open the door just as the roaring engine cut out. The dogs outside barked almost in sequence. Gladstone didn't even lift
They got back to the flat and stumbled up the stairs in silence. The living room was still dark, the night outside quiet.
after you help me bathe," he said. Sherlock's eyebrows furrowed in open bafflement. He stared at John, his hand twitching a bit in John's grip, until John
time the kind landlady shook her head and sent them away. Something in his partner had changed in the week they'd spent listening to John's screams and
“I randomly guess with no further evidence that it was Colonel Mustard, in the lounge, with the candlestick,” Sherlock began, already sounding annoyed at
"It's for a case," Sherlock scoffed, but he kept his eyes locked on John's, something desperate in his eyes.
He returned to his work on John’s back in silence and John screamed, but it was worse with nothing to say to make it stop. He always knew when the burn was
He stumbled back to the temporary flats he'd wandered into his first day back from Afganistan, wondering if his life would always go in cycles of this
They stepped out onto a granite slab porch, lit by the floor to ceiling glass walls behind them. The grounds spread out in front of them, perfectly cut
I did drugs when I was alone so my brain was occupied. Then did drugs when you left so I could say it was convenient to have you gone," Sherlock listed.
Sherlock knew why Moriarty had gone to trial; that at least was obvious by the fact that the tantrums had subsided, but the genius hadn't seen fit to share
Sherlock disappeared back into the alleyway, his bland observation done, his misery as intact as it was before this extra clue.
"-If -I -look -bad, -don't -care. -I -care -you -happy -you," John answered before rubbing his forehead. Sherlock looked genuinely confused now. "-This
Sherlock spent most of the time sitting in the uncomfortable chair beneath the window, watching the streaks of light slowly move over John’s blankets until
"-Come -bed. -Work -have -nothing -more -do -tonight," John signed, pulling away. Sherlock looked uncertain and John moved in to kiss him again. Sherlock
-you -need -tell -me. -Let -me -fight. -You -know -case, -I help you. -Something -you -don't know -I know. -I -don't help -with -puzzle. -I -help -with
beside Mike's cot, letting the pain in his shoulders and back keep him awake, telling himself not to lie down in Mike's cot unless he wanted to die in it.
again, he couldn't not live again, or he'd be better off going to his bedsit shower with a gun, like he'd thought of so many times. He had to live. He had
rambled, pulling away. He came back slowly, checking his watch for the time again. John tried to see the watch hands, but the florescent lights reflected
"No. The weapon again, no knife," Sherlock replied. John ran his hands over the bloodiest part of Bainbridge's bare torso and found a slit in his side.
Sherlock had wandered around the police department, sitting, staring at walls, and occasionally punching through to the support studs, but as far as Sally
the bus outside loudly announcing its route, two people laughing together below their window. It was just their flat and John found himself wanting
Three options, she was carrying it to give to a customer, she liked to carry trash, or they'd drawn straws. People put random trash into their pockets
The bang of the gun deafened him for a moment, and the man's stomach splashed outward over the wall. John tried to get his body to turn to the next man,
Sherlock wondered, hesitating. He wanted to know. He wanted to see John open that hide-covered door again and usher him into the relative warmth inside.
and it took a moment for John to parse that he wasn't offering a solution to the Magnussen case. John spat out the sling fabric, recognizing the taste of
"Sorry, did you not want? -" Sherlock started, pulling back again, looking terribly confused and a bit appalled at the situation. John tightened his grip
Five dogs were chained away from the house and barking like wild things. Their chain had dug a channel into the bark of the tree holding them back, a wound
"Oh, I just love doing this. I could do it all day," he gloated. "It works like this, John. I know who you've hurt and killed. I know where to find people
He sounded remarkably smug. But Sherlock, for a moment, looked incredibly remorseful. He closed his eyes and dipped his head, looking like he was fighting
“But I mean, how much did you ever try to know about him? You've known me five years and you don't know my name,” Sally said, trying to twist her words
“I can’t find him with this,” Greg admitted, waving a hand at the projection screen. Sherlock had the latest photograph up and the different layers of
They brought food and wood inside and used the lynx pelt to insulate the door as well as possible. Then there was nothing to do but wait in the cold hut and feed the fire.
strong and sure over his scalp, pressing into his hair and rubbing down his neck. Such a captivating man. Surely he couldn't have gone so much time,
grinned despite himself. He’d not met many men who could make him laugh like John Watson. John was as unconcerned with propriety as he was, even if he
"Christ, I hate domestics," Lestrade cursed, coming to stand beside them away from the flashing police lights.
The rope pulled at him, unyielding and John pulled back against it, letting his muscles engage and keep his shoulders firmly in their sockets as the rope
"Why?" he asked, baffled. John took off his glove and ran a hand down his face, warming it where it threatened to freeze. Sherlock ignored his own frozen
"Just play along. Five minutes. I'll explain," he promised, turning to peer into John's face. John looked away.
John braced himself against the kitchen table, the rough wood familiar against his hand. He had to get out of here.
Angelos was open, though the man was nowhere in sight, and a short brunette man showed them to a table. The restaurant was mostly empty and John leaned
"Old mall," Sherlock replied quietly. "Construction was never finished but the parking garage was mostly completed. All underground. Sound would be
"I need the postmordems," he said. It came out like a croak. She blinked at him, her eyes wide, looking like she'd figured out why.
"Ask her," John ordered. "Then it's on her to figure out what she wants." Greg paused at that and huffed to himself.
stupid shite and he wasn't starting now. He needed to come off as an open, normal bloke. A man with no secrets to find.
every bone in my body and see you live to hate me, than see you shot in the skull. A mistake, I grant you, given your very twisted priorities, general
started, dumping her new snacks in another hospital chair, ignoring the nurse checking John’s leg for signs of infection, who was now looking remarkably
John stared at him, wondering what he was missing. Sherlock dropped his gaze to his finally, his pale eyes icy.
“Right,” John answered. He was in the middle of suburbia. A cab was going to cost the rest of his food budget for the week. “Yes, sorry, where am I?” he asked, grabbing the detective's attention again.
"You can do what you like here, no one's ever going to stop you," Magnussen gloated, urinating. "A nation of herbivores. I've interests all over the world
