had touched on the sense of being useless now that he'd been injured. John's sorrowful sentiment was rubbish, of course it was! But had he, as John's partner and best friend, examined just how deep John's feelings went?
John remained still, awaiting his flatmates big speech, yet nothing seemed forthcoming from the lanky man's lips. John tilted his head forward whilst lifting his brows; a clear indicator to Sherlock to spill it, already. He started to rotate one hand in a "gimme" gesture. It was a no-go.
The doctor flicked his wet tongue, promptly jamming it in Sherlock's flushed ear. Sherlock gasped in shock. "Would you like me to touch you down here," John ruthlessly palmed Sherlock's cock, "and bring you to kicking and screaming to orgasm?" Sherlock squeaked high in his throat. "Baby, do you want me to rub your cock," the doctor jiggled his hand meaningfully, "or put your sensitive prick in my mouth?" The detective appeared to be choking. "Tell, me, love. Would you like me to suck you off, flick the head with my tongue,
came spilling out, John thought he might just spontaneously combust. "Nnngh," he whined, "take a good look at me, sweetheart. Do you see? Do you see what I'm doing? Do you know?" He'd slicked up two fingers, circling them around the perimetre of his furl. "Watch me, Sherlock," the doctor laid it on thick, quite literally. "It feels sooo good, baby, the way your fingers tickle. You're teasing me, yeah? Naughty, naughty, being so slow."
the plan, naturally being a fine course of action for a lizard. Unfortunately, Sherlock’s human legs were crossed like a pretzel, and he stumbled face-first towards the ground. In all fairness, lizards never, ever cross their legs. Lestrade, possessor of his own knee-jerk instincts, launched up off his arse and caught his friend. He strong-armed the genius to a stand-still, or rather, to stay in one place. Sherlock howled in desperation and thrashed like a fish out of water. It took all of Lestrade's experience in subduing suspects to hang on and keep Sherlock contained. If Greg's mind touched briefly on the necessity of using handcuffs, he never admitted to it; not even privately and two drinks in.
that god-awful rehab facility-slash-madhouse Mycroft forced me into might has well have had "BEDLAM" carved over the door - I haven't thought back even once."
Sherlock lost all control. His pelvis ground up whilst groping John's arse, simultaneously thrusting and yanking him one... two... and three times before John growled down deep and attacked.
"Catharsis...the process of reducing or eliminating a complex by recalling it to conscious awareness and allowing it to be expressed." Sigmund Freud and Josef Breuer, "Studies on Hysteria"
And, a doctor. He was a professional. Treating his patient. Treating a strikingly gorgeous patient for whom he happened to feel very... affectionate about.
The detective took no visible notice of his flatmate's protests, although John observed a modicum of care whilst Sherlock manhandled the eggs.
Suddenly, a fluttering scrap of white fabric caught the DI's attention. He stepped from the path, bending down to the bush from which it hung. Nah, not cloth, just a ribbon of ripped paper, a blank piece of paper at that. Both knees creaked painfully in protest as he rose back up to a standing position. Lestrade turned to talk to Sherlock, and noticed that he was completely alone.
"Piss off," the little man sniped. "I'm sorry if my interest in the case personally offends you." He deeply inhaled in preparation for a rant. "If it's because I wasn't - "
Don't you feel, can't you sense how mad I am for you?" Huffing, John rolled his eyes. "And here I was, thinking you knew how I felt, but ignored it. I figured my affections were considered "trivial nonsense", or worse, simply dull. Maybe, I don't know, doomed office romance? An intolerable distraction from The Work?" John shrugged helplessly. "I didn't know
John's hands were the hands of a healer. The barbed wire savagely squeezing around his heart snapped, one razor-sharp barb at a time.
John's eyebrows slowly rose. His eyes seemed to absorb rather than reflect the light from the fire; they were solid-black orbs sunk in his pasty, lined face. "Ok, sorry mate, go on."
John rested on his bum, back braced against the pillow-strewn backboard. He'd curled up like an overstuffed prawn, legs crooked over Sherlock's bent arms. On his part, the detective complemented the position by supporting John's lower half. Sherlock thrust into his lover's body, legs folded and crowded under John's pelvis.
Abruptly, feeling much abused, the doctor thwacked his hands on the mattress. His thin bottom lip thrust outward, a forty-something toddler in full strop. Sherlock found to his chagrin, that John looked completely adorable. "I am thirsty," he said, pouting, "and re-ehhm...quahhh...wan' more of those cold drippy thingies. It is duty, yeah? Your duty, deary. Give me more!"
"Certain violations of the social compact are too terrible to utter aloud: this is the meaning of the word unspeakable...Remembering and telling the truth about terrible events are prerequisites...for the healing of individual victims." - Sigmund Freud
Sherlock grunted and shuffled side-to-side as if drunk. "I must apologize..." he muttered tiredly, "for the recent reprehensible behavior. My loss of control was appall -"
of John's. Ergo, eat, drink, and...well, perhaps being merry was a bit much to expect in these circumstances, yes? Nevertheless, Sherlock made the necessary adjustments. He sought out provisions when conditions were favorable enough to do so. They weren't really, that is, favorable. In fact, the conditions were fucking, bloody
John cracked up, giggling at the pretentiousness of this arse. "Well," he gasped, "This just goes to show that you're not as brilliant at reading me as you think! Sherlock, you pompous prick, *
It was blatantly obvious for all and sundry that Capt. John H. Watson liked sex. He liked women, and he liked sex; sweetly satisfying, simple as jam on toast. Yes, John liked sex quite a lot. This was rather unfortunate, however, considering his luck as of late. The doctor was either fighting to resuscitate a relationship, or pursuit of new one once recovering from the last's painful demise.
Twenty-two seconds until go-time. Sherlock adjusted the iPhone mount he'd positioned with mathematical precision on that bloody deathtrap of a metal shelf.
Despite the power behind the name, Sherlock remained immersed in the throe of adrenaline. He registered the breakneck speed of his heart rate - 130 bpm. Twenty-seven respirations per minute. Calculating his blood oxygen level was impossible without the proper equipment; nevertheless, Sherlock gauged it to be abnormally based on the sensation of light-headed nausea. Lestrade's consultant chewed over the evidence, and came to the most probable conclusion. This high-functioning, self-proclaimed sociopath had lost control, and succumbed to the... Christ. He'd wigged out. He'd done his nut, to quote John, and with
as well, the second quote ends with "...someone of the opposite sex." But, if I can't misquote coke addicts, who can I misquote? LOL. So sorry, Sigmund. I sincerely hope that you are not rolling over in your grave at this bit of claptrap.**
"John, you there, mate?" Lestrade called out, sounding like he was suffering from a hell of a head cold. Sherlock flashed the DI a dirty look, but Greg ignored him and pushed past, decisively flicking on the lights. He spied the doctor's right foot jutting out from the side of his low chair. Interesting. John sat with his back to the telly, although, the word "slumped" would serve better in this case. He'd sunk so low that Lestrade couldn't see his head above the chair back, or even the silvery blond tips of his hair. Obviously asleep, then, but why was the telly on if he wasn't in a position to see the screen?
." He nudged a thigh between Sherlock's legs, spreading them apart. The detective keened, thrusting up to grind against taut muscle. "Yeah? What is it, love?" the smaller man huffed, suddenly breathless, "tell me what you want." His hips bucked, cock slippery with pre-come and sweat. It fascinated John, the way his lover's body slicked up; pinked skin glazed in a film of sudden, and pungent perspiration. Sherlock's hide usually remained cool as a cucumber, skin powder-dry despite a bevy of internal stressors and/or London's hideously humid summers. When sexually excited, however, much to John's delight, the detective's eccrine glands shook themselves awake from their long hibernation to spit volumes of perspiration through his pores.
When someone "moonlights", it means that they have a second career or are working a second, supplementary job. I put this in here just in case...I am absolutely clueless when it comes to knowing whether or not colloquialisms are common to different countries.
expect a statement from you. Paperwork awaits us all." Lestrade unbuttoned his jacket and yanked it off his body. "It's sodding hot in here! How can you stand it with that," he flipped a hand at the Belstaff, "thing all the time?"
Also, I accidentally posted this before this was ready so I cut the chapter in half and and am working on the part that still needed editing.
"I want it. I want that, yes. Incontestably, John. Do keep up. I want your magnificent penis up my arse," Sherlock hummed. He tilted to lick up John's nose.
*I apologize if this is a no-brainer but "John Doe" is a colloquialism in the Unfortunate States of America used to label an unidentified person or corpse. Just sayin'.
Disbelief flashed over John's rounded face. He twisted his mouth bitterly, slightly hurt. Did Sherlock consider him to be so naive that's he'd blindly accept this untruth? Seriously?! On a scale of 1-100, 100 being the most insensitive response possible, his reaction scored over 1,000. Say what you what about Mycroft, the man
The second that Sherlock's shoes touched the ground, he butted against Greg in a last-ditch attempt to get free. Lestrade's arms persevered, but after fifty-two years of hard work, his knees had no choice but to collapse. The men fell back together, one eight-limbed entity on the bench. Sherlock had the easier of it, smashing back into the DI's solar plexus. Once Greg's arse hit the bench his arms split apart like a Christmas cracker, Sherlock rolling off his lap in relief. The genius settled, resuming his previously hunched position as if the last five minutes had never happened. Lestrade wheezed, grimacing to breathe through the pain. If Sherlock bolted again, Lestrade would bid him bon voyage.
Sherlock shivered during John's diagnostic soliloquy, feverish flesh twitching with each gentle stroke. He lay passive and silent, trusting John. Trusting John. Trusting John. Trust in John. His rate of respiration was easing.
The little man rolled his eyes, trying to make light of Sherlock's allegation. Notwithstanding, John's whole demeanor radiated unease. Scrubbing his face, he conceded whilst emitting a beleaguered groan. "Can't we go back to laughing? This up and down thing is killing me. Huffing, John groaned, "Sod it, Sherlock, have it your way. Yeah, sure, I was mad," John regarded his injured ankle with disgust. "Just not for the reasons you think."
"I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It is there all the time." - Anna Freud
"Sherlock?" he grunted, propping up on both elbows to check for lights in the en suite toilet. No, no line of light illuminating the door jamb. John's ankle strongly objected to the shift in position, but he'd subconsciously switched into soldier mode and so ignored it. "Sherlock? Are you in the kitchen?" Silence echoed throughout the small room. The doctor frowned in chagrin; the quality of this stillness felt ominous. Sherlock wasn't simply being quiet. Sherlock was not in the flat.
"We choose not randomly each other. We meet only those who already exist in our subconscious." - Sigmund Freud
a detective, roughly speaking." John neither replied to the query or made eye contact, instead grunting as he reached for his crutches.
"Yes, well," Greg rolled his eyes, "everyone's a bloody moron to you, surprise, surprise." He cleared his throat, affording him time to refocus. "As it is, all three children were found dead, each within a week of their capture. Mutilated, sexually violated...a complete nightmare for everyone involved, parents besides themselves with grief. The only redeeming aspect of this whole mess is that the all of the...visible damage occurred post-mortem." He let out a grim chuckle. "Thank God for small mercies, yeah?"
Sorry that this took so long to post. My mom has been ill, and in (the) hospital, so I've been spending my energy on the real world. FYI, she's feeling much better. I'm giving a shout out to every person who acts as a caretaker! Caretaking is not for the faint of heart.
Sherlock stepped back as if slapped. "You told me to go and stop hovering!" He shot daggers from his eyes at Anthea, who nodded serenely and maneuvered around John's crutches on her return to the car.
"No. Tragically, I could not. Dreams, and such. But, in order to regain my life, to even have a life, I had to hold secrets quite close to my heart. Hence...the costume. The 'vest'. An alternate skin, as it were," Sherlock mused, eyes darting. "Along with a fabulous story - and a good coat."
"Yeah," John mumbled as he struggled to recover his footing. "I'm really sorry about this, Sherlock. You shouldn't have to play nurse."
Sherlock shimmied out of his trousers, then his pants. He unbuttoned his shirt, fingers sweaty and slipping over the plastic. Once done, he shook his shoulders like a two-bit whore. The shirt, deferring to the laws of physics, shifted outwards. It halted at the tapered curve of his shoulders (per John's request). His lover had a self-admitted thing for Sherlock's neck, and besides, it reminded John of a sheet.
John yanked himself back to the present. "Sherlock, love," he crooned. "Come on. Let's get it over with. I don't want to make light of the situation, but this is like when you have to rip off a plaster. Will you do it slow, or get it over with in one go?"
"Yes," the tall man said guiltily. "I understand now how that must have looked, how insensitive I was to what you'd been through."
"Oi! Is that an ultimatum? It's either full disclosure on my part or we're through?" the little man bristled, neck colouring deep red. "For Christ's sake, we just became lovers how many hours ago? Well,
"I hold you in my highest esteem!" Sherlock bawled, eyes squeezed shut. His words came out louder than expected. "Excuse me, John. I said that rather
Sherlock had no choice, really. Kill yourself, or kill your friends. Not much of a brain teaser, that. In the end, he'd sustained scratches and full-body bruises. One simple step forward was all it would take. The knowledge overwhelmed him.
“Sherlock?” Greg murmured, "you okay?" Nothing. He cleared his throat and waded into the deep end of the pool. “Sherlock? Can you look at me?" No response. "That is, I mean to say that I - Jesus Christ," Lestrade scraped at his head using his fingernails. "Look. I'm really sorry about the head slap. Truly, really very sorry. It was completely out of line, extremely unprofessional of me, and," Lestrade groaned, "I'm so, so sorry that I smacked you and created this...eh...upset."
Did that show really still get airtime? Unbelievable. What was more strange was that John had not switched the station in disgust. Sherlock peered in, squinting through the dark of the flat; the telly being the single light source in the room. "John?" he called, voice barely audible above the programme. If John had fallen asleep, his stay of execution might well be postponed a few hours.
in all of their days on the job had Sherlock voluntarily ridden in his car. In retrospect, Greg understood why Sherlock would find traversing London via panda car distasteful. So...what what this? What shenanigans were about to take place in his vehicle? Suspicious by nature and occupation alike, Lestrade was afraid that he knew.
"Yeah, right. I'll try not to let the door hit me on the way out." Lestrade moved around Sherlock and into the surgery.
Dang it! I clicked on "post" instead of "save without posting." I wasn't finished. I am going to leave it up and continue on, instead of deleting it. Sorry!
. The hum had felt like the echo of a previous life; whereby two men had sat in quiet contentment reading the paper and breaking their fast, the soundtrack of life with his friend.
"Fine. Fucking tosser, I'm 5'6", are you happy? However, having said that, it proves that we both deviate exactly three inches from the mean. I'm no more an outlier than you," The doctor grinned smugly, supremely pleased with his brilliant supposition.
Besides, the stylish oak bed wasn't even his. It belonged to Mrs. Hudson, like the breakfast table and John's battered red recliner (sans Union Jack). The quantity of fluffy pillows on said behemoth of a bed held exactly 0.00% of his interest. The fact that the wood stain matched his hair colour was a fortuitous happenstance, or though John privately mused.
Lestrade sighed. "I've many theories, but no sure answers. And, I am too knackered to run through them now." He peered in the rear-view mirror at his face. "He became a close friend whilst you were gone, did you know that? I would hate to have to pretend about today, coming up with some stupid fib about
"Nggghh..." the detective groaned, "I...I...Oh John I'm coming!" Semen ejected from his glans, spattering across the previously befouled cement floor. "God! Shit! John!" Sherlock had thrown his head so far back that John had an excellent view of his adam's apple.
Uneasily, Greg settled back down. "Alright, I'll stay. I'll bum around all night if you'd like," he soothed. "Anything you need, John, you know I'm game."
She continued rubbing John's arms and back as they waited. The doctor's body now gyrated furiously upon the ground, shock in full swing. Sally leaned down and embrace his body with her arms and torso, sheltering his wet body from the wind. He sniffed in surprise at her kindness and medical know-how.
before jumping into dangerous situations, yeah? It could have been more than your bum that got injured."
I know that the idea of imaginary John's and Sherlock's has been done many times (and very well, I might add), but I felt it fit. I tried to keep this short and succinct, so as not to infringe on other writer's works.
Sherlock's expression crumpled, then went blankly stiff. "Look," he choked, deep voice hatefully distant, "I know that I'm not what you're used to, the - my lack of experience,       my
who had tripped, and the detective wasn't to blame...But. Sherlock swallowed down hard the bile burning up his esophagus. If he had just waited, or chosen an alternate route, or hailed a taxi. No. No sense in wasting time on "what-ifs". Dwelling on past errors of judgement was fruitless and illogical. He wasn't privy to the T.A.R.D.I.S., from that absurd BBC programme that John so enjoyed.
Business attended to, John sat back down on the lid with one less issue to deal with. Unfortunately, his left ankle throbbed in tandem with his heart; intolerable torment and no deliverence for the foreseeable future.
Closed-caption cameras blanketed the flat and all of Baker street. The surrounding drug-dealers received hefty stipends. In addition, he'd dropped half a stone... and resigned himself to keeping his mouth shut. After all, he'd not done the legwork.
The rich olive brown skin of Greg's arms exploded in an epidemic of goose flesh. The silvered hair on his nape stood on end. Sherlock, by nature and practice, was a remarkably articulate man. His mouth also sped though a million words per minute - on a bad day.
Irregardless, by the end of the second month, life reverted to their status quo - Sherlock being all mysterious with his cheekbones... and his collar turned up so he looked cool.
"Sherlock," John soothed. He reached up to swipe moisture from his lover's cheeks. "Sherlock. Sherlock.
Sherlock flung his head restlessly upon hearing John's words, bucking like a runaway horse. An electric charge zinged from John's lips, shooting straight to his cock. For the first time in his lonely, solitary, long adult life, Sherlock hungered for sex. He
Sherlock studied his friend's face, gleaning as much information as possible. "Want some toast, or some eggs, or a biscuit? I can call for some takeout, or even pester Mrs. Hudson for a fry-up. Whatever you need, I'll get it." Sherlock yammered, tossing items behind him on the counter with abandon.
Five excruciating minutes of pins-and-needle agony later, John dealt with his fidgets by manhandling the bed pillows into submission. They ended up slightly worse for wear, lined up like prisoners against the headboard. Meanwhile, Sherlock had dashed off, seeking the Union Jack cushion. Plumping up the much maligned symbol of their sovereign nation, the detective arranged, then rearranged it under John's boot.
more wretched than he'd felt whilst imprisoned in Serbia. He, Sherlock Holmes, had been clueless about the chronic distress that plagued John after his jump.
Translucent lime-green eyes grew hazy, the coloured irises a narrow ring around their pupils. Sherlock's fingers probed as his hips rotated unconsciously. He wailed abruptly, his head thrown back with a jerk. "Oh! Oh,
John gaped up at his flatmate. Sherlock towered over him, a full six feet of artless detective. His friend's face radiated a confused jumble of regret, dejection, and panic - emotions John had never witnessed him expressing before.
Standing up for a piss wasn't happening; not unless he didn't mind tipping back on his arse. No. He'd be reduced to taking a piss sitting down, just like a two-year-old child.
A barrage of "fight or flight" chemicals crashed into John's bloodstream like a lorry blindsiding a cab.
wee bit. The sensation startled me, that was all. They incurred no damage, John. Honestly, you can trust me." He wavered under John's suspicious glare, attempting to look earnest. He was telling the truth, after all, but John tended to be ridiculously cautious when it came to his lover's personal well-being.
John rubbed his forehead in exhaustion. Sherlock and Greg had now been gone for several hours, and not a word had been sent from his newfound lover. It made John feel extremely ashamed of his behavior. He'd caught the kicked-puppy look on Sherlock's face after he'd lost his temper and been rude. He was
Sherlock hemmed a bit, guilt pasted over his face. "I'm sorry, John, I thought I had more time. I'll just go straighten up, shall I?"
John sighed. "Because you've had experiences that you've kept mum about, for obvious reasons...shit, Sherlock. I'm going to say things and do things that trigger you, even if it's not on purpose." If Sherlock's eyes were sun off the ocean, John's were the blue-black depths of the Mariana Trench. "I won't mean to, and I'm going to feel bloody awful about it every damn time it happens." He sniffed. "But it will happen."
Sherlock had focused on the proceedings, and the doctor found himself fighting off the burgeoning blush on his cheeks. Considering Sherlock's utter disregard for personal boundaries, John understood early on in their relationship that the detective viewed John as his personal experiment in psychology.
John needn't have bothered, however. The tall man sat taut, eyes squeezed shut and nostrils flaring...a soldier preparing for war. He seemed lost in memory; or perhaps was simply organizing his thoughts? Messy hair didn't factor in his tale one way or the other. Sherlock had bigger fish to fry. John redirected his nervous energy from hairdressing to brutally gnawing on his lips. Considering the direction this was going, his poor mouth would be chewed to a pulp.
"For Christ's sake, Sherlock, just say it before Christmas!" John barked, slipping from silly to serious annoyed in a split second.
This was terrifying, seeing Sherlock not be Sherlock. Lestrade had to end this before Sherlock seriously hurt himself. The DI darted forward, chasing after Sherlock's forearms until he had a firm grasp on both wrists. Sherlock howled and resisted, Lestrade's touch overwhelming his senses. The scene was more that strange, the park around them held in stasis throughout their increasingly halfhearted wrestling match. Fortunately, the struggle didn't last long; both men too emotionally overwrought to keep it up. Sherlock gave in, body plainly exhausted. Again, the men stopped and stared at each other; wide-eyed and frozen in position. This time, it was the genius who shattered the silence.
"This... here," the detective swept his arms wide as if catching an over-sized beach ball, "Is excruciating, yes." Sherlock leaned back to sit on his knees. "But, I understand that what you are doing is in in my best interest. It's... bloody hell. Being
"Sherlock, no. Once you'd explained, yeah, I was incredibly pissed, and it didn't erase the pain, but I got it. I got over it. I moved on, Christ, I
The doctor persevered, peppering his lover's face and forehead with sweet, gentle kisses. "I love you..." he breathed, "and I'll continue to love you tomorrow, and the next day - forever.
John had not been abandoned or left behind. Snuffling, John left go. Hard, barking sobs shook his chest. Snot ran streaming from his nose to his mouth, but the doctor didn't care.
"Please. I will stand where I am, if you want. I don't have to sit down. But your ankle..." Sherlock dithered. "You should be elevating it with some ice."
"John," he'd huff, head tilted in bewilderment. "Why are you naked and wet in the kitchen? You'll contaminate my work space. Also, were you aware that you're sitting less than an arm's length away from a viable sample of Anthrax?"
Sherlock blanched, horrified. John was suffering - again - because of his own thoughtless actions. Not just the war, then, but he himself. How often did
Christ, man, however did you achieve your position? Did money pass hands, or are your superiors so incompetent that they believed you sufficient for the job?"
"It was such a wonder, Sherlock. So fucking incredible. I couldn't fathom it, even as a kid. How could one man, any man for that matter, create such a miraculous treasure. On his back, or fucking craning back his head on a scaffold. Rickety scaffolds, at that...fuck the Renaissance, it's a miracle that he didn't break his neck."
Grinning wickedly, John guided Sherlock's body up until he'd fashioned a bridge of those powerful legs. Per instruction, Sherlock perched over John's chest, light-headed with lust.
Lestrade shot Sherlock an inscrutable look, eyebrows raised. "You might be surprised, my friend, to hear all of the things I've held dear from Your Lordship."
Sherlock didn't immediately answer, arm jammed under the legs of the tub, head pressed to the side. "Ah ha!" he crowed. "Found it."
"I see." Sherlock balanced, frozen, atop the mattress. "Right. You know that I have always relied on your judgement, John, when it comes to the subject of sentiment."
solid lead..." Greg peered at Sherlock; deeply worried but trying his damnedest to hide it. "Ooooh!" Lestrade sarcastically sing-songed. "Let's not leave out the ridiculously short time frame with which we have to work, and other suchlike dilemmas." Lestrade wound up the performance by flourishing a pair of saucy jazz hands and a cheekily open-mouthed wink. Sherlock sighed, exhausted by Lestrade's useless prattle. He examined the fine warp and weft of his coat, longing to crawl into its depths for a nap.
Lestrade grinned in satisfaction. "I see his Highness is aware enough to make a speech, and that's proof enough for me that you're going to be okay tonight. Although," he looked at John, "if
"He...what? Wait. Did he leave and go somewhere that I don't know about?" Greg cocked his head, confused. "When was that?"
Sherlock blinked three times in a row, mind gradually clearing of madness. His eyelids relaxed, blown pupils shrinking. His eyes slipped across Lestrade's form. The DI's been smart, saying the only word in the entire English language capable of attracting his  interest.
of course, they were too far away to reach. "Sherlock, ehm, I need the loo. Can you pass me my..." John gestured to the offensive equipment in question. He felt mucous dripping out of his left nostril. He ignored it in the desperate desire to flee. "Hurry up, yeah?"
The doctor's condition was flagging. What John desperately desired to do (i.e. to get off the goddamn motherfucking floor and
Blushing madly at his own ineptitude, John simply mumbled his thanks and stood wobbly and weak as she manhandled the door. Both of their head snapped up simultaneously as the thundering report of foot steps crossed above them.
you as much as I can. I think," he giggled hysterically, and then hiccuped. His stomach hurt from the strength of the spasm. "My brains could be a stand-in for a nice Christmas pudding right about now."
Eyes wide with indignantion, Sherlock erupted, both fists slamming down hard on the table. John jumped in unison with the myriad of char-broiled toast crumbs. These crumbs, these remnants of toast that his best friend had made just for him; falling from his plate to his lap. Bitter tannins coated the length of John's tongue. Once again, he felt his gorge rise.
John blanched, the taste of bile overtaking tannins. He wondered with a vague sort of horror if the recent stomach woes were psychosomatic; a subliminal trade-off for the the now medically relevant limp. "Sherlock..." John stopped. "I'm sorry. I'm
to have sex, the urge well nigh bordering on obsessive. He rarely declined a woman's overtures, as these were rare, provided that she believed in good hygiene.
"Sherlock, I can't do this right now, yeah?" Silvered blonde hair concealed John's face, and he wanted to keep it that way. "Let's deal with one thing at a time. We're talking about you. I want to
Also, I have taken great liberties in by mixing and mucking up the meanings behind Freud's own words. Sorry...not sorry. Blame it on my over-achieving id.
He felt the moisture trickle down his temples and pool in the well of his clavicles. John's mouth split wide with what must be a spectacular, shit-eating smile. Sherlock instantly sensed it, even with his eyelids squeezed shut. It was obvious from the contracting of John's cheeks accompanied by a salaciously satisfied giggle. Helpless, Sherlock thrust hard against John, panting with helpless abandon.
John lived with a strong sense of his place in Sherlock's personal hierarchy of need; somewhere between "Go buy more milk" and "You're slowing us down".
Sherlock's pale, but sane eyes conducted calculated sweeps across Lestrade's face. The DI stared amazed, as the genius's face went from impassive disinterest to crumpled in on itself in misery. For the first time in Letrade's company, Sherlock wept.
"John! You're having a nightmare. It's not real!" Sherlock's voice shook. Quickly clearing the sick from his throat, he bellowed,
Finally, thank God, the doctor's eyes rolled up, eyelids fluttering. His brief spurt of energy was now depleted. Sherlock waited, expecting to be freed from the awkward debacle. Instead of letting go, though, John groaned and rolled his head to the left, the two fingers now clenched between his teeth. The doctor snuffled, sighed, then lay silent. He did not let go of his prize.
"Who said I was drunk?" John huffed, offended. "The whisky was strictly for medicinal purposes. Wanker."
Sherlock wanted to explain, but John simply blocked him out. He already knew what Sherlock thought of his
Penis bobbling, Sherlock's thumb fumbled up against the screen. Frowning in disgust, he buffed the bottom half with his shirt sleeve. Better a stain on his shirt than a blood smear obstructing his view of his blogger's luscious bum. The FaceTime feature clicked on and connected. He fumbled, and turned on a second phone. He owned several makes of iPhone, just like Apple laptops. John said that they multiplied like rabbits.
The men eventually moved on to harder topics. It was here in which Greg took a greater role. Sherlock found the fortitude with which to answer them, and speak honestly. Greg's entire face throbbed in agony, and yet the detective didn't care one whit. Sherlock had finally come home.
Drawing near, they bumped foreheads; their emotions too intense to lock eyes. Sherlock shifted lower, hiding his face in John's neck. Feeling decidedly fragile, he murmured, "I love you. John, I... so very much. I've never..." he hesitated, nuzzling John's ear, "loved anyone this much. Is
Really, John? With all due respect, I simply cannot suffer such emotionally stunted behavior in our relationship."
things, like jumping off a building and taking on a underground criminal network. Suffering torture until he'd wanted to die - for real, this time, not a ruse.
Lestrade popped up off the bench in alarm, unconsciously balanced on the balls of his feet. "Shit! Sherlock! You alright?" He did his best to read Sherlock's face, made difficult as the man had turned away. "Listen. We can talk about this later, yeah? I mean, let bygones be bygones," he snorted, "you know,
It began with John's furtive rummaging under the sink, after rinsing the last taste of toothpaste from his mouth. Horrified, the doctor pulled out four empty, crusted bottles of lube, before remembering that he'd secreted a new one under his mattress. Then, there was snogging. They shared lovely open-mouthed kisses, tongues, and teeth, and clever lips uniting in passion. John's forefinger joined in the proceedings, and what a very cautious, timid finger he owned. John thought that he'd known how to proceed. For Christ's sake, he practiced in medicine! Something went wrong, and their pace slowed from glacial to frozen. John felt ice fill his veins.
Sherlock stumbled upon a principal element of sentiment. It's infinitely more wretched to be the cause of a hurt than to be the one injured yourself.
John just let go. He floated whilst Sherlock set about nibbling and suckling, carefully placing hot, feathery kisses across his mesmerized body. The detective reeled, finding the salty-sweet taste of John's flesh intoxicating. Sherlock had known that it would be; everything about John was delicious.
it. The filth. I can tell all the way from here. Pervert! Another unexplored kink. Oh bugger, think of all the possibilities, love. You know every single manky hole in the city." John groaned, bucking up his pelvis. "I'm getting harder just imagining it...me, on my back...on ripped cardboard..."
"Discomfort, he says," the doctor groaned. "I hate it when you're right about this stuff." He grudgingly loosened his grasp to pinch at the bridge of his nose.
"Yes, you guessed it right enough. Oh, clever you," he tittered wildly, unconsciously clutching at his thigh. "Yeah. Yes. Sherlock and I are now together. Christ, it's about
"Do you know...Christ," Greg snickered, "Forgot that, stupid question. Do you know that I'm actually jealous of you, you lucky bastard? All I have is a slag of an ex-wife, and cold empty flat to come home to. What you two, you and him," Lestrade jerked his thumb up at the shuttered second-storey windows, "have is unique. I've never seen a bloke as loyal to another person as John is." Greg shook his index finger in Sherlock's face. "And don't you for one bloody second think that I never figured out who shot Jeff Hope."
The baby wobbled and listed, destined to spill over the railing. Out charged Mycroft from the depths of his bedroom like a prepubescent guardian angel. He snatched Sherlock's cold little feet into his soft, dimpled hands mere seconds before the little scamp toppled. Mycroft's reflexive reaction had, in quite literal terms, saved Sherlock's neck, unaware that he'd set his own precedent. The boy jerked the baby back by the ankles and hauled him hastily down off of the banister.
friend. He'd never do anything to purposefully hurt you, or put you in any awkward position with the press. You do get that, right?"
John stared up in amazement. "Shit, Sherlock, if the only thing I have to do is completely shatter my ankle to get you to behave perhaps I should be evaluating what other body parts to destroy."
John fluffed up the pillows one last time, assuring himself that he'd attained a perfect Butterfly position. The doctor, an admittedly technological ninny, surveyed his simulcasting selfie.
www.nytimes.com/1990/05/14/arts/review-art-after-a-much-debated-cleaning-a-richly-hued-sistine-emerges.html?pagewanted=all
Sherlock besmirched deities from three separate religions before locating the string of the light bulb. Thus far, the search had gone rather poorly. He'd come close to tipping arse over elbow, tripping over an empty plastic bin. He'd stepped into something sticky. The substance sucked at the soles of his shoes. He'd sliced his thumb open after jamming it into a rusted metal shelf. Sherlock cursed again, sucking on the much maligned digit. He tasted iron and old pennies. Splendid. His skin barrier had been breached, and now he'd bled. Such a fine use of taxpayer monies, purchasing such rubbish. Dangerous mould spores flittered across his consciousness.
John laughed, and then winced, pulling the dildo from his arse. "I'm so pumped full of endorphins I can't tell. At any rate, I don't give a toss. That was brilliant."
Sherlock unglued his eyes from the inside of his brain, staring at John in amazement. "John, bloody hell! That feels good! Don't stop, please don't stop." He panted, fucking into the tunnel of John's hand. The doctor didn't stop - he sped up, re-doubling his efforts with an occasional twist at the tip. He put his other hand to work, fondling the swollen sac nestled below. Sherlock's balls felt full, heavy with come. He moaned as John rolled them around. "John! Hnnngh, ah, that too. Keep doing that, yeah, just like that.
Three buttons undone, Sherlock blanched. "John, hang on. Just - please wait." How did he forget this? It defied all reasoning. Time and time again, the beatings and the... other things... had blissfully slipped from full awareness. Mycroft had tactfully hinted at defence mechanisms, repression the most widely used (privately, Mycroft remembered). Sherlock had told Mycroft to stuff it and mind his own business. It was an unavoidable truth - John pushed all logical notions straight out of his mind and into the bin. Out of his mind.
Pressing his right hand into service, Sherlock ran the flat of his palm to the hollow just below his left deltoid. One the third swipe up to his shoulder, John heard himself choke out a cry. A thin, colorless roll of silicone came forth out of nowhere. As the tall man doggedly repeated his actions, (rotating his arm for easier access), a thin circle of rubber now demarcated the border between real skin and... not real skin.
Having been given a mission, Sherlock nodded and quickly ascended the stairs. John mentally traced his friend's movements as he crashed through John's ancient wardrobe. Good
came first, any and all extraneous data be damned. And yet. After each mission wound down, abhorrent sentiment flared up. It burned, this: a soul-killing conflagration of shame and remorse, deep in the pit of his belly. Each job's conclusion dragged him just that much closer to hell's gates.
about this was normal. If this was Sherlock after a year of intensive treatment, Christ Almighty, what had Mycroft beheld during the extrication of his brother in Serbia? John really,
Sherlock made a moue. "No, wish that I could. Sadly, I've come to realize that certain things cannot be forgotten, no matter how hard someone might try. I pushed it away as much as I could. It didn't work."
"Exactly. Yes. We're well. No shut your gob and let's snog," John said, a hint of army in his tone. He massaged tight shoulders and stiff biceps. To Sherlock's horror a soft whimper of pain slipped from his lip - a sound better suited to a lost puppy. The doctor frowned, annoyed that he'd not caught on before. Of course. John nudged, pushed, and prodded, until his stubborn arse lover conceded. They rolled to their sides, face to face.
The equation was simple. One bloody deep pothole plus one pitch-black alley minus one consulting arsehole equals the fracturing of a lateral fibula malleosus and tibia posterior malleosus. Killing two bones with one pothole?
proposal. His typically trustworthy legs felt as wobbly as those of a foal's, his intellect operating somewhere around Anderson's apathetic speed. John was providentially well-versed in the art of mollifying his misgivings, not that he'd often acknowledge the fact.
"Look. Let's...can we start over? I need another pill anyway, and we both could use a minute to calm down. Go in the kitchen and turn off the light, and then we can talk in the dark. It'll be easier that way, maybe," John said.
John found this sexy as all hell. He snuffled, scenting Sherlock's armpits; reeling over the heady masculine musk, that earthy Sherlockian bouquet. John, feeling wanton, yearned for more. He drew his wickedly talented tongue up the column of Sherlock's neck, savouring the essence of Eau de Genius. Not halfway to satiated, John formed a seal with his mouth, laving and sucking until he licked over the edge of his lover's ear.
Sherlock leapt to his feet and leaned over John with a pained expression. "I...Uhm," the detective dithered, swiveling in an arc to scan the room for the obligatory plastic water pitcher replete with bendy straw. "Hold on, John. I will ask the nurses." Straightening up, Sherlock strode out of the room, relieved to have something helpful to do.
He spied John poised, red-faced and furious, seething in the shade of the porte-cochère . Sherlock stepped cautiously over the wreckage into his bedroom. After all, he'd found he cared very little for splinters.
John giggled, inordinately chuffed. "I like it when you beg, you pushy git. I get off on it, watching you all hot and bothered for
you can still call me love, or sweetums, or crumpet, or sugarlips, or sweetcheeks - what have you. John. Choose whatever ridiculously saccharine moniker you fancy." The silliness of his sentiment belied the fury in his chest at John's agonized demeanor. There'd been enough tragedy in their lives already, thank you very much.
The detective chuckled. John was precious like this, dazed and flooded with hormones. His mispronunciations were like a signpost, reading "This Way to Happy Ever After". He closed his own eyes and drifted, in a beatific state of contentment. Whatever came next, be it heavenly or horrible, Sherlock knew he'd never be alone.
and you know it, you git. And when do you ever come in when I ask, anyway." He patted the pocket of his jacket, searching for cigs that weren't there.
He offered John a respite, a few minutes to gather his wits And now, BAM! He wriggled his tongue into his blogger's ear. He internally crowed, John keening in a delirium of pure bliss as his clever tongue retreated to lick along delicate cartilage. Sherlock felt John's skin pebble with a multitude of goosebumps. "That's it, dear heart," he rumbled, "you've right to be afraid. I,"
"Irregardless, I think that you were experiencing some form of flaaa - " Greg abruptly gurgled, the very picture of a cat hacking up a hairball, "...were in a wonky altered state," Lestrade hastily amended what he'd been about to blurt out.
being sucked on like an especially flavourful ice lolly. This. This situation fell outside the realm of normal social decorum. Like, way out, say in Nebraska.
"Mmm, yeah, if you don't mind me saying so. Frankly, I didn't expect any different from you. The whole world knows your opinion on sentiment, you've certainly said it enough." Lestrade nodded.
Sherlock felt like crawling in past the plasma screen, straight into the heat of John's anus. "Ahhgh," he crooned, "such a dirty cockslut, John. Who would have thought? Just imagine how people would talk if they knew what you
them, this corruption. John's viewpoint, whilst touching, defied both common sense and rational belief. His transport was long past redemption.
"And so," Sherlock muttered, and cleared his thickening throat, "my dear DI, what did I fail to deduce?"
Had John fallen asleep? The detective debated, watching John's breathing slow down and his face soften. Should he allow John to another minute to settle, or disengage as soon as possible? Imagining one of the headstrong nurses bustling in any second, Sherlock concluded that this was for the best.
John parsed through Sherlock's rat's nest of hair with his fingers, determined to put it to rights. Nope, it was a no-go. Sighing, the doctor conceded, contenting himself by gathering the vicious snarls en masse and wedging them behind Sherlock's ears. At the very least, John had freed his lover's face from their weight. Without much humor, John realized he'd squashed Sherlock's curls into dreadlocks.
I'm not his live-in personal assistant, as in, subservient and sub-intelligent bottom pushed into buying all the milk"
Scanning the immediate environs yielded Watson a glimpse of dusty blonde hair tangled around clumps of detritus. Dark clotted blood soaked one edge. Squinting around the gloom to his right, a pair of standard-issue boots peeked behind a twisted steel joist.
As always, I find 15 things wrong after posting a chapter. I changed some of the wording in Part One.
his infernally oversensitive transport! Sherlock, sweating buckets, balanced on his knees atop John's hips. He had writhed in anxiety upon feeling John's gentle probing, yet his lover's index finger hardly breached his anus.
Duly noting his perplexity, the doctor felt touched by Sherlock's atypical dithering. This was the man's first, legitimate sexual experience; ahhh...well, at least one involving more than surreptitious wanks in the loo...probably. Possibly. John wasn't clear on the specifics of Sherlock's masturbation history. Anyhow, it was only natural for Sherlock to exhibit anxiety. It was his job to set Sherlock at ease.
"We are both emotionally exhausted beyond all repair, and for the life of me, I don't know what to do. I want to hold you naked in this bed and never get out of it again. You are mine and I am yours. No matter what has happened and how much we've been hurt, we will always be one with each other. What do you say, my brilliant conductor of light? You tell me. Is it possible to forget all our pain and be free?"
"Sherlock," John croaked from the claustrophobic confines of the en suite . "Please - I'm so sorry. Sherlock, I - shit.
"Just - stop. You know what I mean," John hedged. "Here we were, trailing after an armed man, and I...let you face this git by yourself because of a
To John's consternation, the detective's eyes had been rendered indistinct and colorless by the dull, yellow light from the hall. Neither man had suggested that the overhead lighting be used, hence the bedroom door still hung ajar. The little man nodded. "Good, Sherlock, that's... good.
already, lost in pain and fear and desperation, John howled. The vision shook him, and slapped him, screaming so fiercely he sprayed spittle over the bloodied planes of Sherlock's face.
"Influenza, John. An insidious virus, yes? It regularly strikes people who on the surface appear perfectly healthy, but in actuality are physically vulnerable." Sherlock ended the speech with a flourish, pirouetting his arms between their bodies.
The doctor smiled, love shining in his eyes. "Har bloody har, you wanker. I'm glad that I held out. Otherwise, I would have missed the best part." John gestured to Sherlock's image. "Watching you watching me watching you. That was seriously hot." Pausing with a frown, John changed gears. "When are you able to come home? I miss hearing your snark."
to place a barrier between his fingers and John's mouth. Any more finger sucking, and the results would be disastrous for his composure. He wiped off John's saliva on his pants, silently begging his penis to cool it and act like a dignified gentleman.
"I counter that assertion with fact, dearest. The average height of men whose geneological heritage is linked to the British Isles is approximately 175.3 cm. As you are fully aware,
Gingerly edging forward, John dared to smooth down the snarls in his hair. "Sherlock," he whispered. "Come back to me, stay with me." Chills shot down his back as Sherlock's eyes flicked open, vacuous and unfocused. "Sherlock! Look at me, love, I need you here, now." John all but jammed his face into Sherlock's in a bid to command his attention.
The cab of the car filled with sour silence, each man left to stew in his thoughts. "Fine," Greg eventually conceded, clearing his throat. "Right. So, here it is. Three young boys, two six and one eight, notably small for his age. Same situation in Manchester, boys between six and eight years old, and all of them smallish in size." Sherlock sat, toying with his passenger-side window. He applied his long index finger in pushing the window lever forward, watching in a sulky gloom as the window sunk down flush into its pocket. A sudden rush of wind filled the cab, buffeting his face whilst snatching at loose tendrils of his hair.
John sighed at the memory of those pictures. "Anyhoo, Michelangelo worked out the bodily proportions of all these biblical figures to perfection. Every portrait rendered in perfect anatomical proportion. Bending and stretching..." his fingers bent around the man's shoulders, stretching to explore the flesh of his neck. "Also. Get a load of this. The frescos run along the whole fucking ceiling, Sherlock. It's not flat. It's made with arches, and alcoves, and naves. Genius, Sherlock. Utter genius." John took a deep breath. He had so very much more to say. "Just like you."
“The remnants of pain left behind by every strong negative emotion that is not fully faced, accepted, and then let go of join together to form an energy field that lives in the very cells of your body.”
John rubbed his eyes using the meat of his palms. Grimacing, he yanked his hands back and scowled at their faint, salty sheen. "Fucking hell, I was crying?" Appalled, John scrubbed the sheets until his hands feel clean. He might as well have been scraping off dog shit.
The detective perched on the edge of the squeaky leatherette chair, plate-sized hands practically splintering the scratched arms in his consternation. Sherlock's vigil strained his already precarious mood. He was not a patient man.
"So. I take it that the case has been solved, then?" Sherlock rumbled. "That's a good thing, isn't it?" He scowled in annoyance at his stupidity. Of course it was a good thing that the killer had been caught. He should have formed the sentence as a statement, not a question.
John pulled back and looked up, not that he was able to see anything. It was important to demonstrate his focus. "I'm listening, Sherlock. I'll do my best. I'll...
This had been an uncomfortable realization, as it made him more vulnerable to manipulation. This also generated vast amounts of guilt; a wholly unpleasant affair. Guilt gave Sherlock stomach cramps.
"John, I don't know if I...have the courage to do what you're asking. My body is... not what it was," Sherlock said with a hiccup. "You might - want to change your mind once you see."
John, undone, abandoned discretion and arched up in to plunge into Sherlock's mouth. His protégé grunted, collapsing under the force of John's passion. Sherlock fell desperately into the kiss, skittishness forgotten. Open-mouthed and gasping, the lovers nibbled lips and tangled tongues.
"I'll never get bored, John. You're unique! And, you challenge me in ways that I never expect!" Sherlock bawled so emphatically that his voice cracked, mid-yell.
at the spot where Lestrade's own nose bent and angled sideways. Sherlock's pupils swelled, the irises reduced to transparent blue rings.
Desperate for pain relief, John tries to give wanking another go. Much to the author's surprise, however, instead of dreaming up a deliciously detailed sexual fantasy and tossing one off, John end up crying on the floor.
The doctor groaned, fiercely thrusting into himself. He pushed in his third and fourth finger. It was awkward, but just doable, and bloody hell, "Sherlock! Fuck, Sherlock, I'm ready!"
John reached down past his left hip, fumbling about for Sherlock's second, more lascivious of presents. He bumped the base of the vibrator with his fingers, ah...success. Unfortunately, the 8-inch long silicone sex toy didn't submit easily, slipping out of the doctor's slick covered hand. "Shit! Hang on, love. I just - " Sherlock watched bemusedly whilst John twisted clumsily to his left, nearly losing his balance. The detective could only speculate on John's motives, as his head and most of his upper half moved out of the viewfinder's range.
No! Sherlock gave himself a stern mental smack on the head. He needed to set the record straight about the scars. They were horrific, and there'd been too many lies as it was.
Sex is defined (thanks, Mirriam-Webster) as a base, biological function. If one wishes to to be scientifically specific, it's the union of gametes between a male and female of a species. Good enough for goldfish, perhaps. Just ask Mycroft.
A belly laugh erupted from John, a hard, honest laugh. It felt so good to be free. The doctor giggled until his bladder reminded him that he was no longer a twenty-year-old man. "Shut up, you nitwit! Mrs. Hudson will think you're on drugs and call Mycroft!"
It was impossible to think rationally at the moment. His nose hurt like fuck-all, there was a critical case going on, and here he was, trapped in the sixth circle of hell.
A continuation of the last chapter, which was posted too early by accident. On that note, I did a fair bit of revising after it went up, if anyone is interested in giving it another look-see.
- meandered across John's helpless body. His quivering chest, taut jerking belly, velvet inner thighs...and
bum bum. Dum dummm..." John bumped his hips to the beat, or tried to, anyway. "Come on, darlin'," he drawled, a truly hideous mockery of The King, "Fry me up a peanut butter n' 'nanner sandwich, boy. Tell my wife 'Cilla to fetch me a coke."
"Rrrgh...bloody hell," the doctor grumbled, navigating backwards and out of the water to plop on his rump. John's left ankle, exponentially swelling over the lip of his loafer, represented days off of work, off of Work. A bit not good. Sherlock might be lost without his blogger.
"Neurocysticercosis. Right, brilliant, little squigglies ingesting the meat of our brains," John exhaled. "Lovely image, Sherlock. Explains the nausea and disordered thoughts, yeah?"
"I'm sorry, I know!" John howls, facing his imaginary best friend. "But I hurt, and this fucking ankle is going to take so much time, and energy, and time - and I hurt! You're going to leave me behind, Sherlock. Every day you're going to walk out that door. I'm going to waste away in this fucking flat while you have adventures, and solve cases as easy as pie all by yourself. Then one day, Sherlock, one day you'll come prancing through our door it'll hit you,
himself), righteous rage, sorrow, and something else... something he couldn't deduce. Revulsion, perhaps? He didn't know. Sherlock only knew that he'd caused John more pain.
Sherlock sprang to his feet and gracefully turned, backhanding Lestrade in the face. The unusual ennui, apparently, had vanished. Shifting out of Greg's reach, Sherlock bounced on his toes like a boxer.
trusted you. I thought you knew that." Sherlock frowned, looking anxious. John smirked. The man looked like an underweight, over-tall cherub.
he fumed, ready for the shag of his life. The genius slammed his hips upwards, until his balls crashed, smashing flat against the slight podge of John's belly. Sherlock squawked, his cry partially muffled by his blogger's.
Long, pointy limbs poised in terror as John's voice cut through. "Alright. Good," John wheezed breathlessly. "Now that's better. Slowly..." he gritted between clenched teeth, "
It was propitious for them both that Sherlock was strong and his legs were used to hard labor. He clung to John like a slippery two-legged squid. The doctor responded with little licks, imbibing Sherlock's body fluids like a ravenous vampire. The slapping, growling, yowling, slurping, and squishing sounds filled the bedroom with a symphony of sexual ecstasy. Sherlock snaked his hand in the minimal crevasse between bellies, jerking his desperate cock like a lunatic.
Continued. Although, I have to say that the next line in "All Together Now" from the Beatles is highly appropriate for the heading of this section. Thanks, guys!
John slipped his other hand under his vest to pinch at ice-tipped nipples. The little nubs were already hard due thanks to the sub-arctic chill, slightly numb.
John giggled hysterically, a sound that always sent Sherlock's heart thumping. He gave in and laughed uproariously, caught up in the spirit of the trick. "Jesus, John," the detective snorted, "I nearly just pissed my pants!"
A sharp intake of breath later, the doctor heard Sherlock clear his throat hard before lifting a foot over the threshold. "No, John. I'm coming. Just stay put," Sherlock murmured, voice congested. "I...need to freshen up in the loo."
Instead of answering, the smaller man dragged the dildo's length along the full aching curve of his balls. The action sent John keening, his bollocks being exquisitely sensitive. "Nngh, love," he whined, resuming his dirty talk. "Your cock feels
Why has no one ever thought to ask this of Sherlock? And, there lies the gist of my plot - one broken ankle, plus one broken man. Lots of sex. Interesting.
The detective snickered, much amused. "Indeed? My fringe is currently glued to the table by some white, viscous salty substance. A run to Tesco is not on my short list."
"John," he wiggled and whinged, desperately begging for...what. He didn't have a clue. "Oh, Jesus...dearest John, can we...can we,
Sherlock eyed John frantically, non-sociopathic face radiating guilt and horror. His flatmate looked bloody awful; grey, shaking with cold, and in obvious agony despite his brave facade. Lestrade, Sherlock's shuttle back to the alley, paced rapidly in consternation. The paramedics levered John to the trolley and John grunted.
The detective blanched in the face of Lestrade's rage. Sherlock's large hands remained clutched at his sides whilst he submitted to Greg's passionate pounding. Two black eyes, a swollen lip, and a sore stomach later, Lestrade had given him a hug. Considering the ferocity of Lestrade's thrashing, it was a toss-up to decide which had hurt more.
"May I help you with the door, John?" Anthea inquired, sauntering up to his backside. Swooping down to pluck the flat keys from between John's legs (a move that in other circumstances that might have triggered a willful erection), Anthea smiled enigmatically.
The detective found tuning out his transport quite practical, most notably on long, sleepless stakeouts in Prague. And yet. Two years of being dead/but-not-really-dead threw a hell of a spanner into the works. His works, specifically. Obviously, it should have gone without saying, but this issue affected more than his own sodding carcass.
"How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also if I am to be whole." - Carl G. Jung
isn't a result of your efforts. This is," Sherlock grimaced, his teeth showing, "hard for multiple reasons, and not one of them has anything
Greg's next move came without forethought. His words instinctively spilled out, as every good man's sincere suggestions do...from the heart. If he was right, which Lestrade knew that he was, John had kept his own counsel.
A side note: I don't know if this is common, but when I have inner dialogues whereby I "talk" to myself about me I tend to address myself as "you", as in "You idiot, you forgot to pick your daughter up from school! Again!" So, when the characters are having an inner dialogue, the word "you" refers to themselves.
This being the umteenth extrication of his blogger through a doorway, John's extraction went smoothly. What followed this was anybody's guess.
Sherlock sighed, the put-upon genius forced to deal with the common folk. "Goodbye, Inspector. I have work to do."
Gingerly mincing across the tile to the sink, John paused and parked his crutches in the corner. He sighed, artlessly bending forward and balancing his weight on the porcelain. Pasty face wedged into the bowl and to the right of the spout, John floundered about for the tap. He found it and turned on the water. The coolness of it surged over his tongue, deliciously wet and refreshing. The water tasted marvelous, in spite of the metallic aftertaste he abhorred.
"I let you down, Sherlock!" John howled. "Over, and over, and over again; it just goes to prove that I'm old and I'm useless - ."
"There is a powerful force within us, an un-illuminated part of the mind - separate from the conscious mind that is constantly at work molding our thoughts, feelings, and actions." - Sigmund Freud
John coughed, throat dry and irritated from intubation during the surgery. After a few more minutes of fluttering lids and vague attempts to establish his whereabouts, he locked eyes with Sherlock. His tongue felt like it had been shellacked.
Sherlock was at the head of the chase, feet splashing wildly in the torrential downpour. He swung to the right with an elegant flourish of fancy footwork and pinwheeling arms, spun around street corner, and disappeared from John's sight.
"John," Sherlock gabbled finally, "here's the thing. It has come to my attention by the things that you have said; that you think, or indicate, rather," he sighed, "
"Sherlock!" John bawled, fighting against his body to get his words out. "It's not what you think. I'm not...Please," he all but choked, coughing until red in the face. "It's not because of you that I - ". And again, another paralyzing bout of gagging frustrated John's efforts to explain. "Fuck!"
"Whatever you want, John," the tall man repeated. Desiring to ease the stifling tension between them, Sherlock reached for a little levity. "And for all that is good and holy, please stop apologizing. I believe Mycroft's initial reaction to my scars was far worse than yours."
A twinge of guilt nagged at John, born and raised Roman Catholic. Whatever. So he was destined for Hell. At least that's what his mother had said. "Bloody, buggering, FUCK!" And...John was up.
"I don't have to deduce when you're angry, John," said Sherlock. Even if you weren't just standing on your soapbox, it's obvious as the nose on your face. What I mean, is...
Whatever form Real John's delusions took, whatever they'd made Real John to do...Real John's delusions kept him alive.
"If you expect me to reply in French, you're going to be disappointed. It's plain Jane English for me, mate." John grinned, warily maneuvering into the room. He gave Sherlock a wide berth with the crutches.
"And, Sherlock..." the little man huffed, feeling trapped on his back like a turtle. John twisted his upper torso, hoping for a better view of his lover's face. Nope, no dice. "You know that we can never go back...to pretending, that is; to ignore the...
John groaned loudly, "Fuck, Sherlock, you are amazing. And yet, I do understand your nervousness. I've been there myself."
The men reclined on John's upstairs bed in deference to their landlady's request ("Honestly, boys. At my age..."). Actually, the statement isn't strictly accurate. The doctor sprawled out like a starfish, with his arse supported by the bottom right corner of the mattress. John's head lay cradled in a fluffy pillow, obviously brought up from downstairs. His  lower legs hung off of the bed, diminuitive feet scrabbling across the dry wooden floorboards. Tragically, the boot made the position excessively noisy, but one could only be so picky when there were only two venues to choose from. The sitting room was unarguably off-limits. ("Honestly, boys. At my age...")
Greg gets more from his consultant than asked for...or wanted. Sherlock experiences the more of the same.
Sherlock keened, lower lip trapped  between tightly clenched teeth. "That's. Yes, that's good, that's...good.
Greg was busy, doing that thing he did whilst mulling over the facts of a case. He'd perched on the edge of the sofa, arms folded and chewing on his lip. John ticked off tells in relief. Lestrade's face had gone lax and inscrutable. One, two.
The little man listened, parsing out clues from the reluctant and irregular thump of feet on the stairs.
Lestrade flicked his eyes down to the faded Persian carpet, besmirched by dirt and debris. He took a deep breath, and began. All in all, he spoke for over an hour. Greg felt terrible seeing John's already troubled expression develop into something he could only define as wounded. Occasionally, the little man would open his mouth to make comment, only to snap it shut at Sherlock's shake of the head. By the end, John felt achingly sober.
"Right," the DI snorted, instantly regretting it as a fresh wave of pain inundated his face. "I'll keep mum. In fact, I'm surprised that he's not dragged home an entire surgical unit, considering the ridiculous risks you both take."
John recognized that they'd come full circle. He'd been re-gifted with Sherlock's singular focus. More salient and to the point, though, was that he'd regained the man's unwavering trust. John sprawled on the bed, limbs akimbo. His flesh had melted, burned by Sherlock's devastating heat. Sherlock loomed above him. John lay boneless, awaiting his flatmate's next move. The man radiated strength and virility. And yet, the doctor saw Sherlock's eyes grow wet, glistening with not-quite tears...or so. Tears.
Easy, love. I've got you. I've got you. Now, shhhhh..." Placing small but strong hand on each shoulder, John ignored the cool, plastic texture. It didn't matter; this was Sherlock, all of Sherlock. He would take whatever he was given, and cherish each moment in time. The doctor's left thumb ran up against the rolled up lip of the silicone. John refrained from flipping it up further, but he wanted to. He wanted to tear it away and free Sherlock from its suffocating embrace.
"All of it. He's heard every disgusting and despicable detail. I didn't leave anything out," Sherlock muttered, "and neither did I just now, with you.  How delightful. The next time you two meet up at the pub, you can run through every gory detail."
Sherlock's shirt, usually itself a second skin, hung slack from his immense, now cowed shoulders. The midnight black cotton perfectly concealed the damaged flesh hidden within. "John," the tall man pleaded, perched on his knees by the foot board. "Do you really think that this is necessary?" To the doctor, Sherlock appeared ready to bolt.
Again, he tried. "This isn't - ," John inexplicably stilled, a sense of alarm commanding quiet. John strained to identify his source of disquiet by shifting into military mode. Tilting his head at a precise 45-degree angle, John scanned the flat left onto right; a flesh-and-blood radar array. Holding his breath, John's ears pricked in anxious anticipation of something horrible.
"Unexpressed emotions will never die. They are buried alive and will come forth later in uglier ways." - Sigmund Freud
Without so much as a by-you-leave, John shoved both fingers in, knuckles grinding into balls. John shouted and bucked, shaking clumps of sweaty fringe from his eyes. "Bugger, love. You're sooo good. Fuck...fuck...Harder!"
"God, it was good to let go, let the tight mask fall off, and the bewildered, chaotic fragments poor out." - Sylvia Plath
is a machine. Reserved, yes. Emotionally constipated? Absolutely. Coldhearted and calculating? Not a chance. In developing the premise of
"I...can I make you some tea?" Sherlock whinged, dragging the coffee table far, far away from his flatmate. The damn chunk of wood was lucky he hadn't pitched it out of the window; after all, there was precedent. "Or some toast?"
misbehaved, he himself would keep hold of what control he'd maintained - and exercise it, fight to stay strong.
The detective flipped his dressing gown back up over the razor-sharp crests of his shoulders, immediately wrapping the lapels across his chest. Whatever outrage he'd felt for the doctor soundlessly withered up and died. The men sat deathly still, overcome. Early morning light grew golden, gradually warming the stale air in the kitchen. Slivers of gold limned the hair of John's head. Neither man could push past the silence.
Convulsively clutching Sherlock's biceps, John growled. He sounded wild, unhinged, slightly mad. "Are you ready now? Is it time for more than just fingers?" His own pelvis pumped in the air.
Sherlock hightailed it until he reached the DI, almost ramming him as Lestrade paused by the door. Then he froze, abruptly aware of the shit storm awaiting him upstairs. Lestrade's face softened as he watched Sherlock shrivel inward, a six-year-old being sent to the Headmaster's office. "Come on, mate," Greg soothed. "I'll follow you up. I think that's for the best, yeah? So up you go, come on."
Sherlock returned to John's warmth. He sighed in contentment, nuzzling the soft hair on John's nape. "You are so
OMG...was this an absolute pain in the ass to write (yes, as an American, I have an ass, not an arse). Sorry it took so darn long. I did so many rewrites that I ended up saving the stuff I took out in case I can use it somewhere else.
John's penis embraced a far less finicky approach. It twitched quite happily, keen for that tongue to roam lower.
"Jesus, Sherlock! You might be a genius, but you saying something doesn't always make it so. After this, who knows what will happen?!" John punched a fist on his thigh. "I'm not a young man. I might - the bones and ligaments may not - ," the little man crumpled into his painfully ugly jumper. "What if I can't follow you on cases, and...shit. I can't protect you if I'm home on the couch."
, you whore, it's how you like it. Fucking slut. That's it, don't hold back. It's sooo good, is it not?"
I am a horrible person. I wanted to have the entire chapter finalized to post yesterday, but I am still struggling with the ending. So, here is *author twists foot shyly and bites at her thumb nail* the middle part of chapter 55. Part 3 tomorrow!!!
" Beads of perspiration popped from his pores, a purely visceral response. "Christ, John! That's so -
The detective snorted deep into his cup. "As I can be, John. Greg has been quite solicitous, in spite of my unwarranted assault on his person."
"Oi!" John squawked, back, conscientiously concerned, "take it easy! You could tear pulling a stupid stunt like that." The doctor pulled halfway out, to take a gander. Sherlock's not-so-subtle attempt to mask discomfort was no match for John's physician's eye. "You hurt yourself, didn't you?" John groaned, beginning to withdraw. Sherlock's legs shot up around John's waist, pinioning his lover's body atop his own.
Lestrade heard the sharp clink of glass hitting glass immediately followed by the sound of liquid sloshing out a bottle. "No you're not," he growled. "I was there today, remember? You are definitely anything but fine." Silence followed from the kitchen, the exception being the slamming of cabinet doors.
Sherlock abstained from self-scrutiny on general principle, understanding that he wouldn't care much for what he saw. Ignoring the damage one left in one's wake made life so much easier to bear. Now, though. Now that he
It took twelve months of intensive therapy combined with rehab for Mycroft to deem Sherlock fit to re-enter London society. John knew the rest of the story from there. Sherlock, his triumphant return, no worse for the wear. He resumed his high-profile life of deduction and intrigue, a crime-fighting master with a really good coat.
whatculture.com/offbeat/12-british-stereotypes-americans-believe-totally-true?page=4  THIS ONE HAS PICTURES OF MARTIN FREEMAN
The genius sucked hard at John's skin, condescending to fractionally loosen his jaw. He growled, actually growled, whilst the little man writhed, eventually yielding to the genius's will. Punctuating the sentiment, John's cock pulsed, jerking against his belly; helpless victim to this strange pleasure-pain. He alternately panted and whimpered, rubbing his cock against any part of Sherlock his hips could reach. Sherlock rumbled in encouragement. He pressed inwards, feasting on salty-sweet flesh. "John, you are succulent. I'm going to continue until I've consumed you whole," he smirked, "and swallowed up every last drop." John arched, wailing at the thought.
"John! You genius! Your cock is a miracle of nature!" He tossed away his wild curls, inexplicably tangled up with his eyelashes. "I can't help it," he whimpered, brutally pounding John's pelvis with his bum. Despite his plush posterior, Sherlock knew that he would find himself bruised, come morning.
"Come 'ere them, love. We can do it together." The doctor reached for Sherlock's belt, cautiously unhooking the buckle. Still alright, sweetheart?" he murmured, soft eyed and loving.
My Christian name. Correctly. Now, I know that it's a bit of a joke with us, well, more with you than with me...but, Jesus. Sherlock. Please. Please! Tell me what's wrong!"
John's hands pulled into fists, yanking hard on his hair. Some of it broke off and twisted between his fingers. "Fucking fuck! Okay! Yes, I'm angry! But not at
John gaped at his friend, flabbergasted. Where had this sudden equanimity come from? "No problems, mate. Just
Sherlock cast about wildly, checking the bedside table drawers for a smaller cup, a plastic spoon, hell, a tongue depressor,
The DI's face crinkled up in concern as Sherlock's hands began to shake. "Jesus, Sherlock. I'm sorry. We're all sorry. This was a big bloody mess, and there was nothing for it! You had to go play dead, and John had to stay ignorant, and Mycroft had to manage everything, and I had to keep my head together, and Molly had to hold her tongue, and all because of James Fucking H Moriarty!"
Laughing hysterically, John caught him, wrestling the mad wanker back up by the back of his shirt. "Come here, you great lout, and get that delicious arse back on top of me!"
In retrospect, reveling in the memory, Sherlock recalled that a human males' lordosis angle, specifically in the lumbar region (calculated using the ratio between the lordosis depth and length) was 13.2° less than a female's - well, if one applied the Cobb method of measurement.
, bawling like a nancy boy done wrong." Unthinkingly, he drew the back of his hand under his nose, and then grimaced as he caught sight of the thick nasal discharge left behind in a smear.
Sherlock sank down even further, chair letting out a low groan of protest. It seemed imperative, suddenly, to brush away the crumbs adhered to the skin of his hands. Four fucking slices of toast, and the kitchen looked like a Hanzel and Gretal blitzkreig.
Lestrade's underlings scattered like rabbits whilst under his scrutiny, fearful of his judgement of their performance. Generally, Lestrade played it cool in the field, but not with this. He'd happily rip you a new arsehole if you fucked up his case. The slightest hint of dereliction ensured a very loud, very public reprimand; disciplinary action a given. And yes, said fuck-up would absolutely be recorded in your permanent record.
Also, I couldn't figure out how to segue from introspection to intercourse, so I split the chapter into two. The second part will be posted shortly. Like, later tonight.
Good Lord, is this angsty. Sorry, but it seemed right for the story. Let me know if you think that it's too much. Ya know, because plot lines involving PTSD, suicide attempts and torture are typically kittens and sweetness and light.
"Shhh, love," John murmured. "I'll give you everything you need, you just have to ask." Scrutinizing those sea-glass green eyes, however, John spied only confusion. In a flash, the doctor intuited Sherlock's dilemma. Empathy flooded John's heart. "You don't know what you want, do you, baby," John whispered, strong face offering calm. He ran his strong, competent hands over the planes of Sherlock's cheekbones, and torso, and neck. "It's like flavours of ice cream. If you've never had it, you don't know what you like."
Between sweet gropings, and kisses, and the eventual frantic groping of cocks, John considered the feasibility of Sherlock actually teaching him to speak French. Or German, perhaps? The doctor was fairly confident about the word "Ich", German wasn't so "swishy"...like French. It didn't matter if John had the brains or not, at least, not at this moment. Sherlock was bare-arsed and giggling, free with his body, and he'd communicated his feelings to John.
Sherlock complied, juddering as John reached down to stroke his own weeping penis. Apparently the tongue bath had reached its conclusion.
this; granted, anal penetration being a novel experience  Neither could've imagined how awkward things could get. Then again, a plan for John fucking Sherlock had never once been pinned against the wall.
Sherlock, can I - ," John hitched, "is it still okay to call you that...I mean, call you love? I've - shit. I can't even find the words! My head is - damn it, I've gone mental. I can't think!"
But no. Out of the question. John was already furious. Another surreptitious drugging and John might never forgive him. No. Best to wait until the hour ended and bring him the next dose of meds.
"Jesus, Sherlock, you never know when to stop." John's cup clattered to the table, tea sloshing. "My brain's full up right now. We've talked about things that... they're intensely private. We're both emotionalIy wiped out. I need a break. Please."
Within the span of three minutes, however, he accepted that it just wasn't happening. He'd have to move in another direction. No orgasm, no endorphins.
"And, then...what?" John sniffed, trying to not sound sarcastic. "I pop into your life and...what. If relationships, and/or
Ever the medical professional, John inspected it with suspicion whilst unconsciously checking his balance. The rag's surface was marred by a few small brown stains, but nothing that automatically screamed danger. Nevertheless, considering his flatmate's typical methods of research, he warily gave it a sniff. Nothing. There were no indications of moulds, toxins, acids, or other unknown... and possibly unsavory substances. The doctor deemed it tolerably clean, and therefore, permissible to use.
John shook beads of sweat from his forehead to peer up at Sherlock. "God, your voice. It's like aural dark chocolate. It's delicious. Keep going, love. Ask your question."
Young John's favorite marble had been an icy blue and sea green cat's eye, one which he'd oft held to the sun. John had carried the marble in his pocket for years - just the one. The rest of the marbles were either chipped or destroyed within weeks, unable to survive their new role as ammo for John's GI Joe. Only the one, special cat's eye lived on.
John's hands threaded into Sherlock's wild, woolly hair, drawing him in for a kiss. All the doctor wanted was to flip Sherlock down on his back and ravage that exquisite body.
"Eh, no," John snorted. "I'm not that desperate - yet. If you still want to help, you can run to the market. Or Tesco. I need at least two reusable ice packs, and a
He'd meandered without purpose all the way to the back side of the playground, Lestrade by himself on the other. Glowered impatiently, Sherlock scanned over the length of the park.
Also, apologies that all of my chapters are so pathetically short. I work crazy long hours, in addition to a having a seriously hateful case of ADHD. I can only work at the computer for so long before I go crazy.
A scuffling of hard-soled shoes alerted John that he had company. He twisted his torso and spied Donovan, sourly calling in for an ambulance.
"Sherlock," John murmured anxiously, "come over here. Come sit with me. I'm sorry I've acted the prat, please. Come here, love." He patted his thighs in invitation.
already! For Christ's sake, John. I've used up my wealth of pithy entreaties. Captain," he declared with Shakespearian flair, "the begging has thus now concluded. Now FUCK me, John before I flip you on your back and bugger you brainless!"
"I find myself rather disinclined to say," Sherlock cut him off quickly. "Clearly, at present I am fine. Now, can we get back to the - "
"So, believe me when I say that you DIDN'T deserve this! Any of this. we're agreed. We're in this together, yeah? What happened is done and over with, love."
Any plans for physical reassurance were squelched, however, as Sherlock abruptly slid back. He remained fearful of John's learned fingers. John had the touch of a doctor, and Sherlock possessed a bloody big brain. He'd anticipated the little man's next move, and had no intention of conceding. Sherlock deemed his intention irrational, disastrous. John planned to
"Great deductive reasoning, Detective Donovan. I came down wrong on my ankle. At first I suspected a bad sprain and some ligament damage, but now...damn it, it's broken. Most likely, a complete fracture of the fibula and tibia," John said, wincing as he gingerly palpated his ankle. "Possibly the talus as well."
At some point in the last few months, John found himself regarding his friend in a way that was less than platonic, and Sherlock's beauty wasn't even the half of it. The detective's brilliance and wit; the rapid-fire skills of deduction - this all set John's to heart racing and his loins to aching. The hell of it was, John Watson was simply, unequivicably, since-the-day-he-was-born, 100% NOT GAY. Nope, not gay. Not even a little.
John continued to remove heavy oak splinters feeling slightly more conciliatory toward his reckless flatmate. Sherlock
Officially, Sherlock had chosen to bottom from the top in deference of John's injury. John was comforted, though, as this added a measure of safety for his lover. They'd wanted this for so long, they both
Something, somewhere had to give - before he did. The elder Holmes despised legwork for more than the actual
Despite Sherlock's whinging, John luxuriated in the peculiar sensation of being pampered. This felt decidedly different than pity. Sherlock was acting out of love, pure and simple; and it was okay to accept this. It was.
Sherlock let fly a groan of irritation and retreated into the depths of the mind palace. He set the transport on autopilot, his feet free to roam where they would. After all, they weren't strolling the white cliffs of Dover. When Lestrade paused to take a look at white paper, Sherlock's legs kept striding ahead.
John hacked, ineffectively attempting to rid his throat of the sour, cloying mucus. "Wait, John," Sherlock murmured. "Let's get you off of this floor, and back in my bed. After that I will get you some water."
John shivered. Why was French so goddamn sexy? "Oh gawwd," he shook his head in mock devastation, "it's too early in the day to die young. How is it possible," he groaned, "for you to get me so hard so ridiculously quickly?" His head thumped down on the pillow. "I don't even have a fucking clue as to what you said. You could be reciting our last month's gas bill, for all I know. It doesn't matter what you said. Your bloody gorgeous voice!"
"Sorry, Greg, need the loo. Kettle's still hot, have a cuppa. Perhaps Sherlock will make you some toast." He circumvented Lestrade before the DI had a chance to step aside.
"Hush, love. Just - just shut up. The point I'm trying to make here is that the last few days have been - "
John's visage softened. He reset his hands to grasp more snuggly. "Ah. Well, isn't that just a stinking load of codswallop. It's okay. Anyway, I was more worried about you than upset. Really, it's only sense. I'm sorry too, we've had a difficult day," he snorted, "to say the least. I should have given you time, and been patient. Christ, there's
Deciding to ignore the arctic chill, (no sense in wasting precious energy on things he couldn't control...ergo, wanker flatmates) John grunted as he eyeballed his set-up.
"And as such," Lestrade plowed on, going for the kill, "I can only assume that you, John, have been as honest and forthco- "
Sally wiped the smirk off her face and crouched down to take a better look at the man. "Are you alright? The paramedics should be here shortly." She evaluated John's condition, noting the pallor of his cheeks, sweaty brow, and shaking hands.
Sherlock squeezed the fingers into fists, cramming them to the bottom of his pockets. Some bad sensation amassed between his ears, preparing to explode.
Sherlock interspersed his praise with soft, sucking kisses to said mouth, then his tongue...down to nipples, and abdomen, and thighs. He mercilessly teased John until John wailed "Sherlock!" and beat him about his broad shoulders and back. This was the sign he'd been waiting for.
John pumped madly, meeting each thrust with a snap of his pelvis to push the toy deeper. Sherlock mirrored his lover's rhythm with his own, tugging frantically up the length of his penis. He'd flown past the point of coherency and obscene suggestions, wailing gibberish. As well, he'd abandoned the vowels of his native tongue in favour of "Gck!", and "Grfffrr...", and "Nnngh!" To John, this was highly edifying. He'd finally found a way to shut Sherlock up.
Sex came with self-help books, touting patchouli-scented candles for proper "ambiance". Sex came adorned, with blood-red rose petals scattered artfully on black silk sheets. Sex came scripted, with drawn out and highly elaborate scenarios. Men wined and dined women, looking for a one-off. Women tarted up for men, hoping for a ring. Twenty-somethings showed off their assets in red satin bustiers, lacy pink negligees, and naughty knickers with more holes than strictly necessary. John liked this part of sex, very much so.
Stretching out his arms once again, Sherlock ranted, volume rising. "That's just it, John. I don't have the words, the aptitude, the talent for proper interpersonal communication. That's why I couldn't tell you, why I could never tell you!" he finished up with a howl.
The detective's eyes, virtually colorless in the late afternoon light, hungrily searched his face for clues. Being the subject of such single-minded scrutiny made Lestrade feel distinctly uncomfortable. "Well," he cleared his throat, "let's just say that you're not the only man who has secrets. And Sherlock, I believe that I'll keep it at that." Fidgeting with his safety belt, he added, "After all. It's not my story to tell, so you can put the damper on that little business you do with your eyes."
At some point, Sherlock had opened his door a crack. A low light flickered, most likely a candle. John tapped once with a knuckle on the door frame. "Hey," he called, voice unusually deep. "Care for some company?"
"Sherlock," John finally breathed, hoping to crack Sherlock's reserve. "Do you want me to make you feel good?
The genius ignored him, mumbling in an unending, unintelligible loop. Greg dithered, fearful about triggering another...episode? Nevertheless, he chanced it and invaded Sherlock's personal space.
"Self-repression...costs you all the beauty of the world in exchange for a prison of comfort." - Vironika Tugaleva
As John surreptitiously scrutinized Lestrade, Sherlock blatantly scrutinized John. The genius glowered, resenting John's countenance. Earlier that day, his feelings had been grievously hurt. He'd been shocked by his blogger's hostility. Upon reflection though, during the ride to the crime scene, Sherlock analyzed and then promptly dismissed it. John's attitude was simply a prototypical manifestation of his constipated ability to express sentiment.
wrapped his body in rubber rather than admit to the truth. Sherlock must be plagued by flashbacks every time he looked at his body.
Sherlock dropped his head, silently contemplating his options. This was a terrible time to leave John, the morning's conversation interrupted as it was. Nevertheless, John would have shoved him out the door if he'd been present during Greg's pitch for aid. Childen came first for them both, kidnappings the worst of the lot of The Work. The race against time upped the ante for everyone, family and detectives alike.
ordinary, ugly-jumper John for this most momentous occasion. This brilliant, beautiful man was ceding his virginity to
"John?" Greg said, in an instant halfway up off the couch. "Are you alright, mate? Do you need me to do anything for you?"
"I do, Sherlock. Of course I do. Now damn it, help me up. I need the loo, and apparently, you need a bit of product. Onward ho!"
"'Kay...no prah - poblum." John flashed an oddly mischeivious smirk He tittered. He tee-heed. The detective stared, nonplussed. "Here, I have n'idea." John burbled, opening his mouth in a fair approximation of a fledgling. "Ahhhhhh...say aaah, Sherlock. Say ah for your doctor." He giggled, pleased with his cleverness. Without warning, John lunged off his pillow, snagging the offering with his lips.
The doctor resorted to his oft-used personal reset button by reflexively shaking out his hands. John then extended his fingers, whereby they wavered like world-weary starfish. "Ohhh, God. I do feel like I'm under the weather, Sherlock. I'm bloody all turned around. I can't think straight."
One quick, whip-hard shudder snapped up the length of his spine. Loathsome images flashed unprompted, unwanted; wretched remnants of pain. Before Moriarty, Sherlock was merely an arsehole. Now, he was an arsehole,
"For the love of God, get your arse in the bed before you fall off!" John guffawed. Sherlock lifted up on his legs to rearrange his body. This time, he angled his hips toward the compact, little man. "Both cheeks!" John howled, laughing helplessly.
"Love, I am far too past my normal mental capacity to understand what you're getting at. Kindly rephrase what you meant?" He dropped his eyes to his hands, thereby avoiding the sight of Sherlock's newly donned shirt. John's stomach still roiled in upset, and his head was starting to ache. He had no interest in a repeat performance. He felt desperate for that promised glass of water. He licked his dry lips.
"No! Honestly, what a supremely inane question, Greg. Why am I even surprised?" Sherlock wailed, hiding his face in his hands. The day had already been too long, and it was nowhere close to being over. Christ, did he want it to be over and done, a repellent sliver of time destined for deletion.
The crackling of the glaze added depth to the beauty." John squeezed Sherlock's biceps before flattening his hands over his chest. "Because, see, no matter how much we try, everything in life sustains a bit of damage. It's unavoidable. The very act of living is dangerous. You're a scientist, you know that," a sharp hitching breath cut short his thoughts. John's hands had reached the injuries sustained by Sherlock's own, guilt-ridden hand. Short fingers brushed from one razor slash to the next.
An indefinite stretch of time later, John snuffled wetly and calmed. He took stock. He was disgustingly soggy and snotty, sticky face pressed up against Sherlock's long neck. What's worse, his lower half plagued him as well, legs confined as they were under Sherlock's.
John went into the kitchen to put on the kettle. Tea making was part of his daily routine, executed with methodical and militant precision. They used a cordless Dualit Classic, a fairly recent purchase, thank you very much. Copper edition, obviously -
"What?" Greg spluttered. "Sherlock, you know that what you said just now doesn't make any sense, yeah?" He turned to speak to John, then did a double-take at Sherlock. "Wait. I get it. I think. John can't tell you the stuff that he needs to because he can't." He shook his head to clear it. "Great. Now
Physically and emotionally spent, the little man had sunk into a deep, dreamless sleep. Sherlock desperately desired oblivion, but belligerent images assailed his mind. His brain wouldn't shut up.
"What sodding stupid experiment is clogging the sitting room now? Mrs. Hudson just cleaned and vacuumed! Honestly, Sherlock, if I trip over any more stray body parts..." John shook his head, feeling the first hint of a migraine coming on. The memory of squished fingertips threading up between his toes was enough to make him feel ill.
John swallowed a flood of hot bile. Moving on. "The restoration took a very long time, of course. Painstaking work, that. Only able to work on small portions at a time. The glaze had cracked, see. Bits were at risk of flaking off. The process was quite arduous, or so my aunt said. Aunt Cecilia. Do you know, she had blue hair?" John snickered. "Crazy old bat."
Sherlock strode toward his wardrobe. "Very well. And, uhm...thank you, John. I am sorry for acting like such an arse...well. Anyway. Care for a cuppa?" he asked, turning to peer down at John.
before Sherlock could do something stupid. In a knee-jerk reaction fueled by mind-boggling panic, John made to get to his feet. In the blink of an eye, pain zinged from his toes to the very tip-top of John's head.
Pulling up on one crutch, John precariously pulled up his pants. Through dint of will, and judiciously squatting so his thighs held his jeans, John jimmied them up over his hips. He fastened them awkwardly whilst tottering on one leg. It took far more time than he was comfortable with to button his flies.
The detective, having the advantage of a superior intellect and excellent powers of deduction, slowly drove John out of his mind. And, he swallowed. Had there ever been any doubt that Sherlock would refuse anything John chose to give?
Sherlock spoke of killing, and hurting, and hunting down the enemy. With every horrid, harmful act he committed for the safety of others, a piece of his soul deteriorated. By the end of the first year, for every man or woman he killed he made one cut on the skin of his chest or stomach. One laceration per life. Sherlock's chest was zigzagged with scars. By the middle of the second year, cutting no longer mitigated his misery. Sherlock used. Not very often... he needed to keep his wits if he wanted to succeed in the mission. But, in a few of the safehouses that he'd set up, Sherlock shot up until he no longer felt the blood on his hands. It always came back, no matter how much soap that he used. His hands were stained with the blood of his enemy.
Sherlock heaved a great sigh of relief. "Yeah. Okay. I've deduced, John, you little tart, that you need my gigantic cock up your arse - balls slapping at your arse cheeks. So hard, John. I'm so hard, my balls so tight looking at your ripe, beautiful arse." The detective reached down, lifting his penis; cradling it in the palm of his left hand. For now, the touch was for demonstration, only. One pump and he'd be gone, seed ejecting from the glans like a rocket.
there was the rub. The man had been dead for the last three years, so to speak. The specifics of the mission remained classified, including the stunt where he'd jumped off a building.
"Sure. Yes - that," agreed Sherlock, pressing his forehead against John's. They whispered sweet invocations of love, desirous of each other's well-being. The detective brushed dry, tender kisses along the rounded planes of John's cheeks, on the soft, bulbous tip of his nose. The doctor mouthed the sharp edges of Sherlock's cheeks. Inevitably, their lips circled back around; hot breath parceled out between light, tender kisses.
"Are you shy, Sherlock? Am I...'barrs...sing you?" John covered his mouth with both hands, resembling a child caught saying a naughty word. "Sherlock, Shylock, Sherlock has a shy cock..." Sherlock wished he was anywhere other than here in this room. Peering up at the IV bag, he relaxed a wee bit. According to the percentage of the narcotic, John must be higher than a kite.
Abruptly, Lestrade huffed and stood down, remembering Sherlock's previous state of mind. "Look. I'm sorry if I went off on you. John was - and then you came swanning back to London in your bloody big coat, with no explanation or apologies, and nobody knew what to think!"
John, who up to this point in his horrid, miserable fourteen-year life, had never raised a hand to his father (but he wanted...oh, did he dream), punched the man dead in the temple and knocked him unconscious. His mother, a frightened, God-fearing Catholic from the north had bayed, and brayed (God help him, she'd sounded like a donkey). His mother had thrown her head up to the ceiling and prayed to the Almighty for forgiveness.
"Ehh...John...ahem," Sherlock faltered, thrown off kilter. John Watson, AKA former brilliant army surgeon, present stalwart companion, and "I-am-absolutely-not-gay" flatmate was humming contentedly whilst he worked the chip with his tongue. That part was okay.
"No, you're right, as always...as always. Sorry, Sherlock. It's been a shit day. The last thing I need to do is wake up with a hangover," John groaned, resting his face in his hands. "No tea, though thanks for the offer. I'm full to bursting as it is. Can I use the..." John said, eyeing the hall to the loo, "before you do your little talking thing? I have to piss like a racehorse."
festered below Sherlock's pale visage. With luck, his dilemma revolved something simple, say;  perhaps from Mycroft's incessantly wheedling overtures for assistance.
It was like...straining the dunes of the vast Gobi desert. Inferior people (himself included) only saw sand, dust, and grit. Sherlock, however, unearthed vast hordes of treasure; parsing each minute grain to seek a shattered Ming vase. And, it didn't stop there. The detective gathered each sliver, and repaired it to its original beauty.
The DI's physical stamina had swiftly waned as of late - a strange state of affairs, to be sure. Most assuredly, had nothing whatsoever to do with his increase in smoking. At any rate, Greg's chest hurt. He rubbed small circles into his pectorals, the muscles unexpectedly sore after being Sherlock's airbag. He pushed his right hand under his left shoulder, half-convinced that his heart would pop straight through his ribcage if he didn't take the time to simply breathe.
you, love. Fuck me. Pray thee give it to me, physician! I beseech you," Sherlock inhaled, stalling for time, whilst ransacking his mental thesaurus. "I implore you to shag me silly, John. I'm wholeheartedly
do you hear me? Split me in two, John! Drown my arse with your seed, fill me up until my arse is painted liquid white." The detective grinned, supremely satisfied, marking John's increasingly desperate groans. Sherlock beamed, practically splitting his face in two. He owned two sets of cheeks, after all.
John body felt stiff, almost corpse-like. This continuing deluge of emotion was more than his mind was designed to handle. At once appalled, ashamed, and exhausted, John despaired at his lack of self-discipline.
"I wasn't having you on when I asked you to show me your scars," John said, angling his chin down and to the side. Peering up thoughtfully from the corner of his eye, the little man raised his eyebrows whilst pursing his lips. Dr. John Watson, determination personified. The doctor nodded one, then lifted his head up for an audible sniff. "Also, I'm going to need you to help me. I wasn't joking about my feet."
"Worst patients, yeah. I get it," Lestrade nodded. "That's the thing about John. He's always got your back. It's going to be hard for him, knowing that you're out on your own. Best to watch yourself, now that the bodyguard is bedridden."
Shifting irritably, Sherlock switched tactics by pulling the lever in reverse. Up rose the window with a squeak. Lestrade chose to ignore it. "All three children were taken within the first three hours after school, all in play parks. Incidentally, with this second spree, all three parks are within a ten-minute drive of your flat. Whitfield, Crabtree, and Hyde Park. Having said so, in Manchester the children lived no less than twenty miles from each other." Nothing. Nothing. Nothing, from Sherlock.
," he cried, "My love, please believe me when I say that the sight of your scars isn't that which made me vomit. Something - shit. I became ill in the knowledge that I wasn't there to protect you. God, you were there all alone."
Also, I am reaally close to wrapping this monster up. I have five other works gathering dust and awaiting my attention. If *ahem* anyone is interested, please feel free to check them out.
If possible, things grew even more heated. John, who was already naked as a jaybird, and Sherlock; both of them hard and gasping for more. John, so gentle and tentative - stroking thighs, hips and and buttocks whilst appraising Sherlock's demeanor. John believed that for most people, their first sexual experience ended up awkward - and often disappointing, as far as orgasms went. Lord knows, he'd had many a lover who'd shared their personal stories (TMI, anyone?) Sherlock deserved something extraordinary.
"Which is?" John said, grimacing as he straightened out both legs. "You know what? Never mind. We can have this discussion some other time. Right now, I just want to get off the damn floor of the loo. Move over. I can do this myself." Sherlock got to his feet and backed to the sink.
Sherlock's upside-down body slammed full-force into Mycroft's stomach, who then stumbled back off the landing. Instinctively, the boy curled around his brother and bore the brunt of the fall. He sustained a textbook greenstick fracture two inches above his right wrist, along with a fair slew of splinters.
The flat deflated, crumbling inwards; square feet dissolving by the second. Sherlock's diaphragm seized up, inhibiting his ability to breathe. Apparently, claustrophobia was catching. The tall man scrubbed fingers over his chest, attempting to liberate his lungs.
"What's this?" He attempted some levity. "Someone's dog die?" The morbid joke landed flat as a pancake, as neither man bothered to respond. "Ohhh-kay then. What's going on with you two?"
And, despite their parents's hasty intervention (and subsequent trip to A&E), Sherlock wouldn't forgive him. He wouldst not treat Mycroft's action as anything else other than an unnecessary-and-unasked-for disruption. Sherlock turned a blind eye towards Mycroft's bulky plaster cast, and never once acknowledged his pain. Barely two years out of nappies, and already he'd learned to dissemble.
The detective swallowed dryly, trying to dispel the massive lump in his throat. "You're in hospital, John, because... because...because I miscalculated."
For the record, I found the the quote by Eckhart Tolle only after I'd written the last chapter. I felt brilliant for a whole five minutes...go, me!
Sherlock paused, full lips pressed into a line. He nodded briefly before allowing John to embrace him. "I am tired, John," he confessed, the words falling from his lips in a torrent. "My brain is on fire, yes? Brilliant or not, the sad fact is that the bloody thing never shuts off. Ever. Sometimes, John, I honestly hate possessing this neurological mine field," Sherlock said, his right index finger cocked and aimed like a gun at his temple. John promptly yanked Sherlock's hand down and kissed it.
The cacophony of police sirens abruptly rose in volume, and John blinked as a blur of one, two, three police cars whizzed past in the cross street. Tires squealing, the officers followed Sherlock's trail. John smiled at the ironic twist of order.
Thankfully, Sherlock took John's outburst in stride. He held still for a minute, thinking who knows what, before peeling his body away from John's. "John?" he looked thoughtfully. "I wasn't talking. In point of fact, I wasn't even making any noise, so..."
Ack! This chapter killed me to write. (Author's note: the next installment might take a while, as now I am dead.)
Lestrade’s entreaty fell flat in the silence. "Holy hell, man," he snarled, teeth shining wolf-like white. "Now, enough of this business!" Sherlock flinched at Greg's impressive vitriol, skittering a foot further down the bench. He folded his long body in half, pale hands settled restlessly on restless kneecaps. The silicone straight-jacket made his skin crawl, but Sherlock didn't have it in him to care. He was too appalled at his childishness to scratch. Instead, his skin rippled like a dog's infested with fleas. Lestrade just went on, and on, and on. He pictured the DI in a pink bunny suit and beating a drum.
Lestrade made a face at such cheek. "Here." He handed John the pain meds, which John quickly swallowed with gratitude. The doctor decided to move the proceedings into the bathroom, the flat's usual makeshift surgery. It was easier said than done, but the doctor and the DI made it there in one piece. Twenty minutes and quite a bit of blasphemy later, the men emerged,  from the loo. Lestrade looked ridiculous, nose bound in a beige, thermoplastic nasal splint. The bland colour made his purpling bruises that much more lurid by comparison. John kept see-sawing on his crutches. Lestrade was forced to surreptitiously hold him upright. Both men had sweat beaded on their brows. Both men were obviously in pain.
right, Sherlock. There's no playbook for kissing or whatever else that we end up doing." John wiggled his eyebrows suggestively. Sherlock grinned, a mischievous glint in his eyes.
"Jesus. Jesus, love. Please. Water, pharmaceuticals, and you. That's all I want, and not necessarily in that order," John pleaded. "I can't... I just want to hold you and sleep through the night." Voice croaky with unshed tears, he added, "Alright? May I hold you tonight?"
. The soothing warmth (essence) of (Sherlock's) silky fabric permitted John to forget the temperature and focus on his cock. His fingers wrapped around it's increasing length, but he still needed more. John slipped his hand inside his pants to touch skin-to-skin.
Nodding, Sherlock remained behind. His muscles tensed as John angled past his line of vision. A horrible crash sounded, jolting the detective to his feet. The commotion was immediately followed by an agonized cry. Sherlock took two enormous steps down the hallway before freezing mid-stride. He'd spied John, not writhing on the floor as expected, but on his feet and clutching the frame of the door for balance. He was sporting a radiant, shit-eating grin. The doctor's left-hand crutch lay abandoned, the obvious implement for proper sound effects.
"Yeah, yeah. I just enjoy riling you up. it's my only pleasure in life. What I really wanted to ask is if John was up to visitors." Greg gave up the search for nicotine and considered picking up a coffee instead.
It was like this. Sherlock felt bad. Really very much not very good. He'd been stupid and not paying attention, staring dreamily at the fairy lights on the tree. Now, Myc couldn't tie his own trainers or go digging for clams in the shallows.
"Christ, do I have a choice?" John moaned. "No, here," he said softly, "I didn't mean to sound cross." He reached a shaking hand out to Sherlock and sighed. Clumsily tweaking the infernal thing up, he inspected it between finger and thumb. John realized that his anger was irrational...but it felt as if the whole world was mocking him. "I'm not frustrated with you," John temporized, "it's just - ."
Later on, Sherlock quietly conceded that perhaps, another tactic might have been preferable. He'd paraded into the flat without even knocking, followed by a flamboyant swirl of that damn bloody coat. It had taken weeks for Sherlock to receive anything resembling absolution from his flatmate. Sherlock meekly succumbed, submitting to several weeks of John's hysterical diatribes and a month-long banishment from their flat. When John had finally relented and given the detective consent to return, Sherlock still been subjected to agonized looks and long, stiff awkward silences.
Sherlock's face slowly turned red. "Ack!", Sherlock squalled, smacking a palm on his thigh. "Sentiment is bollocks!" He shoved his fingers through his hair and grasped it tight, making fists. Several strands snapped off around his fingers. He growled with frustration, flicking them off in disgust.
to. Now now, alright? I just can't. It's too much to handle right now," John thrashed restlessly with apprehension. "Please, please, please don't ask me again." Something welled up in his gut, an unpleasant, unidentifiable sentiment. John's stomach roiled in nausea as a bitter taste rose in his throat.
John saw Sherlock squinting at his watch, and tilted it so he could read the time. "Hmm, I'm impressed. I slept much longer than I normally do. I find your presence in my bed a to be a potent soporific."
PWP. It's about time, yeah? The men get frisky in every place other than their bed. An additional 30 seconds of soul searching has been tossed in because I had a long commute and my brain wouldn't shut up.
I know my that reticence - it isn't right. It isn't fair, after all that you've gone through, for me to be so...so secretive." He forced his eyes to remain focused on Sherlock, refusing to avert his gaze. He knew any withdrawal now would be misconstrued as disgust. He'd already botched this up as it was.
"I might still have a bit of Ibuleve gel...I'll have to look. That should ease your pain. Also, no pants until tomorrow. Just air out your bum for the evening - just...just put on a dressing gown if you plan on moving about. Use the new one, it'll be gentler on your skin." John's cheeks burned hot at the thought of sensitive skin. The sensitive skin on Sherlock's behind. He hoped he hadn't turned red as well. Sherlock might think John was affected by his nudity. No. Nonsense. Sherlock didn't think that way. And besides, he was strictly heterosexual. Everyone knew that.
Sherlock smeared the muck on the side of the bed with a moue of distaste. When he turned back, his mouth had softened into a smile. "I'm already lucky. I have you. What's perchance to come next is icing on the cake." He positioned himself strategically, arsehole hovering directly over John's restless cock. "You've copulated many times before. As such, you should advance us to the next step in the process." Although his words were meant to be clinical, Sherlock's face reflected an odd mix of desperation and nerves.
your exceptionally talented cock. And my fingers," he waved, making a moue, "aren't half as bloody long or talented." John swallowed, feeling suddenly lonely and bereft. He tried to rally. "Yeah, of course the scenario really got me going, especially - bloody Christ, your voice, and that wicked, wicked mouth. I thought I'd come before I started buggering myself."
Every NSY employee was aware, via personal and likely painful experience, that D.I. Gregory Lestrade fucking
Ack! I want to continue but, alas, I'm at work. Not exactly appropriate. To be continued at 7 pm tonight.
"Speak for yourself...I'm not an idiot," Sherlock bleated weakly. "But in this you are correct, John. Gregory, you are a fine friend. I thank you very much for your kind consideration and aid. I'm sure I'd be still at the park else-wise, spilling government secrets to the birds to Mycroft's horror."
that you collected your fifty quid. From Dimmock, am I right?" The doctor shook his finger at his friend. "Don't think for one second that I didn't know about that. And whilst I can't speak for Sherlock," he said, purposefully avoiding Lestrade's gaze, "I've found our relationship very affirming. We're in a good place, and I..." his voice trickled off at the sight of storm clouds brewing in Sherlock's eyes. They blazed translucent green; clear as sea glass, and infinitely more brittle. Lightning crackled in his pupils, and sizzled in the curls of his hair.
He had finally accepted the validity of emotion. Because, Sherlock Holmes (sociopath to the stars) experienced emotions, strong emotions, acknowledging them did have it's benefits. A new sense of humanity, perhaps, which provided the foundation on which he'd rebuilt.
In 221A, Mrs. Hudson sedately sipped at her cuppa. She smirked mischievously, satisfied as the cat who'd got the cream.
it on his tongue. He gagged with the knowledge that some of the ash had come from burning corpses. John was eating and breathing his best mates. John hacked and spit to rid himself of the taste.
"John, you look terrible! Sit down!" The tall man bawled, bags dropped hastily to the lino. He was right. John's eyes, normally a formidable and piercing dark navy blue, now floated wanly in a sea of red ink. His sclera were bloodshot, pupils overly large. John looked like a man on his way to the mortuary. Sherlock cursed himself for being such a nitwit. He should have never left John in this state.
"Heeeey, love," John murmured in relief. "Good to have you back." He planted precise, tiny kisses across Sherlock's face and under the line of his jaw. "Mmm. You taste salty."
familiar with my cock, Sherlock. We're very old friends. I'm quite sure. Why do you think that I stopped you?"
Many of the individuals with whom Sherlock had shared eye contact (to be honest, each and every individual; the man never passed on an opportunity to deduce) found his pale, piercing stare both impenetrable and unnerving. John, addicted to danger, had unabashedly locked eyes, having met Sherlock less than a full day before.
"There is something beautiful about all scars of whatever nature. A scar means the hurt is over, the wound is closed and healed, done with." - Harry Crews
"It appears that with my...eh...blunt manner, that I have implied a disregard...that is, I have treated our relationship with disrespectful frivolity, in that through my thoughtless wording I may have inadvertently indicated..." His head sunk to his hands. "John! Sentiment is useless and a high-minded twat! I hate it!"
John panted, waiting for his phone to buzz. After what felt like a year, but was more like twenty seconds, John hit Sherlock's speed dial and hoped he'd pick up. One ring went through before Sherlock disconnected the call.
This heady proclamation sucked up the last of John's brain power. Now he howled, animalistic, a deeply depraved corgi rubbing one off. Here, the closest available surface was the less-than-plush pillow filched from upstairs. A nappy yellow bear stuffed with cotton wool would have done quite nicely, thanks, its fuzzy hide added protection again rug burn.
A heaping spoonful of angst with a healthy dollop of soul-cleansing confession on the side. Seriously, Lestrade is a very good friend.
Sherlock's eyes darkened with something undefinable. "As in, how I regard you as a man, John. As in, my highest personal regard - for you."
, you have me. Hell, Mycroft was completely correct. I have no experience with sex, and I'm worried I'll do something wrong."
"To be completely honest with oneself is the very best effort a human being can make." - Sigmund Freud
John was no longer afraid. He was terrified. This fit of tears, the sense of great loss...it made no sense. Sherlock chastened John in his mind. "Think! John, you're not being logical. This...this business of crying is ridiculous. You've given into sentiment, and you know what I think about
," John groaned, "I didn't imply that you were...being condescending, that is. I'm just having a bit of difficulty staying awake. The medicine, remember? It's been a long day."
"I. Am. Fine." Sherlock sprang off the couch and disappeared into the dark of the kitchen. "I thought that I'd made that much clear," he added coldly.
"Wait. Sit down, John, before you fall down. I have one more thing to do, rather, to remove, before we can bunker down for the evening."
Waking up with a mouthful of hair is, as a rule, an extremely unpleasant experience - no matter how thick and lustrous, or gorgeous its owner. John's whole face had literally dripped with sticky perspiration the first time that the two shared a bed. The little man had spent a good thirty seconds spluttering about it before Sherlock snapped that John "Three Continents Watson" must have bedded
John felt the slow rise to consciousness as an increase in his level of pain. Snuffling, he peered into the luminous glow of his watch. Half three, bloody hell. Turning, he startled as he spied Sherlock's own luminous eyes opened and observant, meeting his. "Jesus, Sherlock. Have you been up all this time?"
John stared at his flatmate. His small, yet competent hands clenched the chair until his knuckles turned white. The doctor cocked his head to the left, running his eyes over Sherlock's sharp face. "As a...man. As in a male flatmate? A male assistant? A male of the species? Please to clarify that last statement? I don't understand."
"Shut it, man," Lestrade cut him off. "Let's - let's try focussing on one thing at a time, yeah? We can chinwag all you want after you sit down." Greg half-guided, half-pulled Sherlock to drift forward; manoeuvering him back to the bench by his shoulders. "'Kay," he sighed in relief. "Now, breath for me, Sherlock. I can't have you fainting on me in the middle of this bloody deserted park. We're a bit far from my car for me to carry you." Lestrade snaked his arm between the backrest and Sherlock until he had a secure hold of the man's torso, strong hand nesting under the arch of his arm.
The doctor continued to stare at his friend. Sherlock's limbs shot forward, then aft, as if he was engaged in a fistfight. Eyeing John sideways, the detective blustered "Obviously, you're perfectly capable, John. It's just ..."
Chewing on his lower lip, the doctor deliberated on the best choice of action. It wasn't as if he could run through the streets looking for him. Phone. He should sent Sherlock a text... something casual, friendly, the wording light. Certainly, nothing alarming or accusatory, say such as "Where the bloody fuck are you, you ignorant berk? I'm going to beat you with my crutch if you don't come back
John flinched with start. "Don't you dare! Eehhhaagh!" he squealed. As usual, the detective thoroughly ignored him. He redoubled his efforts, doggedly bending downward to work at John's burning calves. The smaller man lurched forward, trapping Sherlock's wrists with a surprisingly vigorous grip.
John swallowed hard, gritting his teeth against each wave of helpless fury inundating his body. "Yes. Right." His fingernails cut into the thin skin of his palms. The pain was grounding.
As for his own self-concept, John identified himself as both a fighter and fixer of men. His original blowout, which seemed ridiculous in retrospect, centered on the constraints of bodily injury. He abruptly grasped the reality of his duty. His Work, his commitment, began here in their flat with his lover and best friend in the world. No longer did his Work rely on mobility and deadly accuracy with a gun. John must dredge up every shred of compassion he held, whilst generating an infinite supply of patience. This Work was going to be the greatest challenge of his life. John feared he hadn't the qualifications for the task ahead.
, but Sherlock deemed his condition as wholly irrelevant. "Yes, Gregory, don't be obtuse!" Sherlock snarled, furious with every particle in universe. Although glaring at Lestrade, he sensed John's presence and switched his gaze. John was in the process of skittering violently to the farthest side of his chair away from Sherlock; this no mean feat as Sherlock sat less than three feet away.
Sherlock collapsed, bracing his body above John's with his arms. After catching his breath, the detective expounded on the many virtues of John's mouth and his tongue, practically channeling Shakespeare.
Now, help me up. I need to clean my teeth. My tongue feels furry, like a rat crawled onto it and died - and after which it voided its bowels."
Sherlock thought it, admitted it to himself. Whether or not he'd ever say the words, "Thank you Greg, for saving me, and I love you for it" would be another story, set aside for an entirely different day. And, in another lifetime, quite possibly. Expressing his true feelings to John had been a heartbreaking affair as it was. Enough heartbreak for a lifetime, as it were.
"Shut up Sherlock, just - shut up." The doctor's words rang with pained, yet patent affection. His small hands cupped Sherlock's cheeks. "I am just really, really relieved... fuck... that you told me the truth. Christ, love," John muttered, hands reaching back to cradle his lover's skull. "What you endured would break anyone! Being brilliant isn't some sort of panacea against torture." The men simultaneously cringed, recalling Sherlock's week of agony.
Finally, Mallorie - or Marjorie, had secured the long, flapping cuffs with a thick roll of beige spandex wrap. She'd even sunk the toothed metal clasps on both ends, finishing with a flourish and a tiny "Ta-da...". John, ever obliging, raised up his hands to applaud. But now...no nurse, and six to eight weeks of this boot. He couldn't afford to cut up all his trousers. Marjorie
used foul language, at least not in his presence. Even when he'd been off his tits on drugs, Sherlock maintained an air of comportment. "Sherlock? Are you alright?"
"No," he said, fist raised with index finger up in salute, "you need to hear this. Now," the doctor broke off, arranging his thoughts. "I've been in a war. I've seen shit that wakes me up screaming, as you've heard in times past, yeah?" Rubbing his lips, John continued. "But now,
Looking chastened, Sherlock frowned. "John, you should have said! Let me - " He gingerly lifted off John's body and spun around, dropping to his knees  to face John's. "Can I help?" He placed his large hands on John's legs, fingers outstretched, dwarfing the little man's thighs. He cautiously kneaded John's muscles.
^I hope that these statements don't offend anyone...I did try to research public opinion before posting.
John flushed, lifting up just enough to yank up his pants and flip down the lid. Exhausted, he planted his arse back down on the loo. John immediately grimaced. The sensation of ice-cold hard plastic pressing up on his bits was just. The last. Straw.
John struggled to hold in his tears, but they spilled all the same. He despised feeling helpless. Five years ago the veteran channeled his overwhelming fury into fuel and tapped it to endure the horrors of healing. However, John had the benefit of regulated pain management. He'd received a therapeutic massage twice per week. No one could claim the UK pampered its military, but he'd been part of a whole; had a purpose...played a role.
"Come here, dear heart," Sherlock murmured against John's neck. "I want to see your face when you enter me," Sherlock sighed, the sound a declaration of contentment, "and to taste you. I have to have you, John. Christ, your lips, they..." The detective sighed again, his breath a sweet, heated caress against John's ear. "Do you know how very lovely your lips are? And, that thing you do with your tongue?"
Sherlock stirred, terrified that he'd made a horrendous faux pas. He still had a chance of transmuting his course. Maybe, just maybe he could subtly reshape his confession of love into a simple commentary regarding the depths of their friendship. John was in his cups, after all. But, no. He would not be a coward. He'd wasted enough time as it was.
Yet at this precise moment, the detective honoured the Ancient Egyptians with a mental pat on the back. Yes, their headrests were carved of hardwood or stone. Not very practical, that. Not very fitting for a king. However, as being the very first attempt at innovation, Sherlock forgave them, and overlooked the flaw in their logic. John's arse. John's arse. John's arse was spectacular, plump and juicy. If he could, he'd push his head into the phone, and take a bite.
had bungled up the evidence and the case had not yet been solved. "Yeah, okay. I'm sorry I've been such an arse. It's possible that I've had a bit too much to drink, and I was already in a funk as it was."
"Right," Lestrade squared his shoulders, instantly the man of the Met. "John didn't take your suicide terribly well, Sherlock. I mean to say, he - your death destroyed him. He thought it was his fault, his responsibility. He didn't understand, shit, none of us could. This wasn't like you."
Three hours later, John shot and killed a man to save his life. That night, after the Chinese, and his brother, and the giggling, detective still felt exposed, transparent, and worst of all, horribly vulnerable. In retrospect, Sherlock realized that he'd been
Sherlock sat frozen, mind buzzing with conflicting signals. If he left, he wouldn't have to keep feel guilty. If he left, he would feel even worse.
"And you can sodding well keep your skin swabs away from my mouth," the small man grinned. "If I see so much as a tuft of cotton wool you'll get a 28 mL test tube up your arse instead of me!"
The detective pushed back from the table, striding up to the window. His head dropped down to his chest and he sighed. John found that he desperately needed some air. The flat shrank exponentially the longer Sherlock wavered, shoulders rounded inward and hunched towards the floor in guilt.
And Sherlock did, policing John around the circumference of the sitting room; silently tracing his steps. "I can hear you back there, you great oaf," John remarked. "I'm not going to fall on my face."
of his vile, wretched carcass. The flaying of that artificial...thing...and thereafter keeping it off, was the final key to his freedom.
During the early years of consulting, Sherlock had been kidnapped and tortured by terrorists in two completely unrelated cases. Shaking and afraid, locked inside a dark corner closet of his mind palace, Sherlock learned to endure true pain. He'd suffered it, accepted it, and then pushed beyond it through severe psychological means. John had still been in Afghanistan; Sherlock had relied on himself (and the ever-present CCTV tracking of Mycroft) for deliverance. Watching John suffer made Sherlock speak Welsh.
If you were actually skilled in detective work, you would have deduced that instead of acting like an idiot. Stop being such a child and sit down."
After a bit of rough rasping and gasping for air, the stripes settled down and the lighting resumed. Acceptable blood/oxygen levels restored, John took the time to sequester his manly bits.
Surprise shot over Sherlock's face. "What do you mean?" he spat. "It's so obvious, your anger. You're practically dripping with rage, John, I can see it." And then, in a softer voice, Sherlock added, "I watch you, you know."
Sherlock's long dreamed-of shag began poorly, by way of a pocket-sized finger. No, wait. Back it up. Way up. No, go back much further than that, you blithering idiot. There. Good. Jolly well done, you.
Sherlock groaned, dramatically rolling his eyes  "John, that was terrible. But as you wish, my beautiful Captain." Without warning, he collapsed, his full weight thumping down on John's stomach.
"Wait," Sherlock blurted. "Something else. You experienced a second full-bodied event just now, completely separate from vomiting. Yes, I can see." He spun closer to John, peering around John's turned body for a second look. "Your face is different, not simply because of illness."
"No, it's not. It's fine, really," John smirked. "You know what I always say, yeah?" He opened his mouth and together, they said, "It's all good." The detective's words came out croaky, but strong. John fought the temptation to giggle, knowing that it would come across more hysterical than amused.
have no purpose, then how did my meeting you change anything? I'm no George Clooney," he chuckled without much mirth. "And I am certainly no Stephen Hawking. I can't possibly be what you want in a mate - I mean, uhm, romantic partner? Booty call... friend with benefits...partner in squash? Flatmate who folds socks?" He groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose. The only sounds in the room were the poppings of sap from the fire.
Sherlock groaned and rolled his eyes dramatically. "Yes, I am aware I have stated this before. However, to reiterate, you know I hold pure, cold reason above all things."
Having the benefit of long arms and a strong back, Sherlock artfully maneuvered John's body out of the narrow space without further incident. Once freed, John felt flushed from the gentleness of his touch.
I don't know what the hell just happened. This was supposed to be a short and lighthearted story about two men who bonk.
"Come sit down, you git. I'm not going to bite." John patted the duvet with his hands. He flashed what he hoped was a reassuring smile at his friend.
"But you were," the detective snapped, more at himself than at John. "And, don't even bother with lying. You know I can tell when you lie, your true feelings are written all over your face. In fact, you'd make such an atrocious criminal, even
If Sherlock hadn't felt so culpable he would have been offended. "I should be here. In case you need mehhh...something."
In fact, John amazed himself with his quick ability to adapt. The shoulder injury had been far more debilitating. Encouraging, that. He was keen to return to the surgery, mind-numbing claptrap or not. Wrangling snotty toddlers beat mouldering in the flat for months. Also...the money. He needed the money. Beans on toast doesn't cut it.
Sorry this took so long to post. I was almost done, then decided that it wasn't where I really wanted the story to go. I scrapped the whole thing and started over.
Also, it is not my desire to turn this story into a case fic. It's already gone from "lighthearted sexcapade" to "Notify the shrink, I need her to up my meds RIGHT NOW" as it is. I am actually using the case as a way to introduce Lestrade, who then of course, blabs. His lowdown on John forces Sherlock to reflect on how John suffered during their hiatus as well. Gee, thanks, Graham! No, honestly. Lestrade rocks. Because of him, the boys finally get their shit together, with no more secrets between them.
Sherlock feathered his thumb along the cleft of John's mouth, four long, graceful fingers cupping his chin. His hands traced solid, round shoulders and sturdy, ovoid hips. All the planes of John's body were configured in a helix. Even the small man's knuckles formed benignly cast ellipses, belying their potential for mayhem. John's anatomy and demeanor was it's own disguise, Sherlock deduced with a start. John was a force of destructive fury clad in a frumpy gray cardigan. Venturing onward, Sherlock's slim, callused fingers gentled and unwound the whole of John's sum.
were becoming increasingly easy to use, rather like an extension of his body. Good for mobility, bad for his psyche.
John grunted. Take care. That's all he would be able to do for the next few conceivable months. No dark alley chases, no heart-rending cases to solve with seconds to spare, no criminals to hunt, no surreptitiously conspiratorial smirks behind Anderson as he faffed up collecting key evidence
remained an impenetrable mystery. Neither man moved as a consequence, except to shiver from the rush of adrenaline.
Sherlock keened, the sound slipping from behind gritted teeth. Giddily, he meted out a one-two-three-plunge-and wiggle, spurred on by the significance of John's words. "Oh, love! Yeah, deeper's good. John,
One last thing - this is vaguely AU - set somewhere in Season 3. However, we all have to agree that John never married Mary. It neeevvvverrr happened. I wanted to write something silly and non-angsty.
"Shit! That's, bloody hell, how do I explain? Whatever scars you have, or... how they changed your... fuck." John drew long breaths of air through his nose, exhaling noisily from his mouth.
The doctor suddenly blanched, thinking about the chain of events he'd set in motion. New clothes meant changing. Changing meant removing his jeans. Unless he wanted a repeat performance of the loo he might need a bit of assistance.
John, and we haven't ever addressed what you had to cope with after being forced to witness my suicide!"
The DI promptly snapped from his fugue into management mode. Drawing even closer, Greg towed Sherlock closer to his own chest to steady him. "Right. Right. Okay. Listen mate, let's get go back to the the bench."
Sherlock saved John the trouble. The doctor's phone buzzed under his pillow, eliciting another of those shrill, girly screams that'd originated after the fall. Or, the jump, or Sherlock's three-year hiatus, or the interminable span of centuries in which John moved like a zombie, or...or...
Although a taciturn man by nature, John felt his mouth mumbling as his hands traced the blasphemy of scars. "These marks, Sherlock. There's so many. I think...your body's like the Sistine Chapel, yeah? I've never been...never even stepped foot inside Italy. Hmmm...large mass of keloidal tissue along the lower left quadrant, over the kidney. Knife wounds? Signs of significant infection. Here...at least 8 inches by 2 of contractured scarring ...branding iron? Line of something caustic, maybe acid?" John had no real interest in receiving a definitive answer for his query.
"Jesus, Sherlock!" John floundered, barely aware Sherlock had spoken. "I have absolutely no sodding idea what we are really talking about here," he bobbed his hand back and forth between their bodies. "It's making me crazy! So, yeah. What did you mean just now with this whole "love, regard... highest esteem" business," John made exaggerated air quotes with his fingers. The detective flushed. "Please elaborate. Otherwise, I'm just going to haul my sorry arse up the stairs and pass out - hopefully whilst not
"Yes, John," Sherlock hummed, sticking the poker into it's iron holder and stretching to his full height. "As I said," he continued, settling down in his chair and crossing his legs, "I think I have something to say."
Shaking his head like a sopping-wet mongrel, Sherlock retraced his path on the walkway. NSY's finest, as it were, stood camouflaged behind a line of dense, lime green verge. The only hint of his whereabouts came from intermittent flashes of silvery, spiked hair - at first, barely noticeable between the foliage.
Sherlock reached down with his lanky arms, but then pulled back, floundering with indecision. "Uhm, should I help you now or leave you alone?"
This is probably going to be re-written fifteen more times after I post it. I'm having trouble with the line of the plot.
"Year-old dry wood, from Hudder's nephew. They have that farm out in Sussex; lost a hundred-year oak in a storm." Sherlock spun back to the flames, restlessly jostling the logs with the poker.
"Yeah," John huffed, glaring down and away. "Yeah. I get it, you don't have to coddle me like a child. I had a fucking nightmare, so what." He quickly cast about the room for his crutches.
Boiling-hot rage welled up like mercury in an old glass thermometer. His hands clenched back into fists, steadfast and restless to strike. Dr. John Watson generally labored to save lives; after all, he'd taken an oath. Dr. John Watson was also a soldier, and he was having a very bad day.
Sherlock's entire body commenced to tremble. "Oh bloody hell, Sherlock," Greg groaned. "It's all a mess, and only time is going to fix it. Life's going to be hard for a while,
"But of course. Apologies," more gratuitous throat clearing, and a sniff for good measure. "When a virus transitions to the lysogenic cycle after being triggered by environmental stressors, it multiplies, literally exploding out of a cell. Obliterates a host's cells, John. Rips them into bits, John. An eruption of death, if you will."
"Mmmph!" John mumbled, pleased with the ferocity of his lover's mouth. He disengaged, giving a wetly satisfied smack. "Well then, love. Shall we continue?" A giggle burst forth from John's lips observing Sherlock's over-adamant nod. "Then, here we go." Without further ado, John pushed in. He basked in Sherlock's tight, liquid heat. "All good?" John nudged, just to make sure.
As usual, Sherlock did exactly as he wanted and none of what was asked. Finagling John's compact form in the narrow space, he scooped John up in his arms. John let loose a vigorous string of profanity, face reddening in humiliation. Sherlock tuned out the verbal assault. It wasn't as if he hadn't heard John's tirades hundreds of times before.
John liked sex. Sweetly satisfying, was sex, and simple as - yeah, that's utter tosh. Nothing's so simple when it comes to humanity's inexplicable quirks. A strange enigma is man.
Swooping in, John latched his lips to the side of Sherlock's neck like a leech. "Fuck, you beautiful man, you ridiculously gorgeous creature." Sherlock squirmed, overwhelmed by it all.
A single tear spilled over the planes of the detective's face. "I can't. John, I just..." He forced bitter bile down his throat. "My body is ruined. It's dis..."
"Hello, dearest," giggled the doctor. "Christ, where the hell are you? You look like you fell into the 6th circle of Hell, and got stuck." His beautiful blue eyes narrow, he continued, "And what's with the lighting? Are you in a dark room - or a tanning spa? I thought that you wanted to do this at the Yard."
Let me do this. I've been wracking my brain for the words. I never thought they'd come, but they did. I don't know how, honestly. I think - I understand now, that some ideas and feelings are so big that words can only hint at their essence." Sherlock's eyes welled with tears. His amazing, wonderful John.
A desperate whimper escaped Sherlock. He threw himself to John's side, panting roughly. "Yes, John, oh...I...yes. I'm afraid, however, that I - ." He bowed down and away in embarrassment. "I want to have you and
my love, are amazing. Bloody hell, keep it shut and just listen!" John fumed, dropping his hand, whilst his lover bobbed his chin like a guppy. "I'm going to say the wrong things, because I don't
Particles of dust floated downward in fine, dirty clumps. Dust clung to the sweat on his skin. Even John's throat was lined with the stuff - fuck, he could
Dropping his glass with a thunk, Sherlock frowned. "Obviously, John. You've been rather repetitive in saying so, don't be dull. I know what you think."
Whoops! I did another read-through, and realized I had taken out a few too many sentences. I put them back in, so hopefully this makes more sense.
The detective was aware that this hellhole should be the last place he'd prefer to have sex. However, he had chosen this particular closet. He rated it as the least statistically vulnerable enclosed location for his intentions. Why such filthy squalor should set his cock to throbbing remained a mystery. As far as the detective was concerned, would continue to be so. The notion was one he'd rather not examine. Especially, since the location presented so may additional trials of his patience.
"Sherlock, love," John huffed, fighting to maintain his composure. Sherlock's hand had changed over to short, twisting jerks. He felt his eyes roll back in his skull. "Oh, my sweet love. Think about it. You were faced with...
The doctor jammed the second crutch under his arm. He paused after taking one step. A colorful array of words exploded from his mouth, none of them suitable for polite conversation. The spandex wrap's upper metal clasp dangled precariously, hanging from two of its four toothy tines. As if aware of an audience, the damned bloody clasp plunged to the floor with a somersault triple twist and bounced under the bath. Wide, stretchy beige ribbon sprang loose and slowly unwound off his leg. Sentiments spilled with a spray of fine spittle that would drive even the devil to tears.
A hot puff of air brushing against his ear. Sherlock's lips. Those lush, lovely lips, tasting so sweet. The man's talented mouth, sinfully toying with all his hots spots. Damn the man for divining them so quickly.
"You sure fooled me, then," John snorted. "You walked back in that door like a whirlwind, Sherlock, and then you acted surprised that I didn't run about dusting off your chair and turning on the kettle."
Another thunk sounded, closely followed by a string of extraordinary eloquent curse words. Both men recoiled in alarm, but not from the profanity itself. It was the rage underlying John's filth that sent the men's hearts to racing.
"Well, yes!" Greg burst out. "Christ Almighty, but that's a load off my shoulders." He swiveled to look at Sherlock. "The boys are safe! They just went to hospital for a look-see. And Goddamned Dimmock was the...well, of course. You'd probably figured all this out during my phone call. I know how you hate it when people repeat."
The detective must have been waiting just on the other side, because the door drew instantly inwards. "Hi," John breathed. "Can I come in?" He saw that Sherlock had undressed, now clad in a ragged grey t-shirt and cotton boxers. Poised atop Sherlock's cheekbones, his eyes glimmered with a strange, wavering light. Flashing John a sweet smile, he shuffled his bony feet backwards.
John's mind now meandered in a crazily circuitous route down memory lane, cataloging his many mistakes. He didn't care to get up; there was no need. Sherlock had left, the doctor was sure of it. And, if even he was still hear, then John would tell him to go. A barmy git like himself would only muck things up further and cause Sherlock further distress.
"Will you two arseholes stop talking about me like I'm not here? I've gone gammy, not deaf!" John snarled. "Jesus Christ, why can't a man have some privacy? I've already lost my mobility, ta very much. Must you strip me of every ounce of dignity I have left?" He glowered, eyes ablaze, lips pressed taut in a furious smile. "There was never that much to begin with." The doctor lunged for his crutches, spitting like a riled-up cat. "You two sound like the hosts of a talk show.
Sherlock eyed John as he laid on the pathetically low thread-count sheets, and even worse hospital mattress. His skin, colorless and weathered, sent a sickening series of cramps in his stomach.
John rode to the flat in one of the numberless black Mycroftmobiles he abhorred. Despite the indignation of another quasi-kidnapping by Sherlock's brother, John quietly admitted to himself that the car's smooth, even commute circumvented any compounded discomfort. As it was, John was burdened with an ankle throbbing in tandem with his heart.
"So!" Greg cried, clapping his hands with poorly feigned enthusiasm, "What's behind all of the..." making tiny wiggling motions with his fingers, "weird lack of interest in the case? Even you have to admit that it's a good one. It's literally right down your alley, or very close to, yeah?" Lestrade nodded sagely in the direction of Baker St. Sherlock grimaced, twisting his lips in a moue.
"John. The thing that I have to say is...not easy for me to say. I am repeating myself...dull, yes?" Sherlock snorted with self-derision.
"Sherlock!" Lestrade implored, nothing if not stubborn. “I sodding need something to go on. So, snap out of whatever this...” Greg gestured towards the  figure, “...is.” Sherlock flinched, all snark withering away. He slipped deeper into the folds of his coat, at once soothed. Despite the risk of further provocation, Sherlock flipped up his collar for camouflage. As such, he missed Greg's decreasing irritation and increasing concern.
"Nonsense, John. Don't be obtuse. You're five foot six inches on the nose," Sherlock sighed, wearied beyond belief with John's whingeing.
The doctor ran his strong, compact hands along Sherlock's ribs to his sternum, appreciating the lines of his chest.
Sherlock groaned, shuddering from a muddled mass of emotions. "I can't, they're not...why you - ." He was prevented from saying more by John's palms, which had unexpectedly cradled his jaw. They felt soft, loving and gentle, yet but pressed hard enough to seal his lips shut.
If simply touching Sherlock's fake skin appalled John, being witness to it's removal was horrific. The thing was thick, and slightly translucent around the edges. It had been strategically tinted to match Sherlock's coloring. So bizarre, this: a Sherlock-shaped casing of plastic. John felt his gorge rise, quickly swallowing it back down.
The small man wondered, although not really concerned at this point, if he'd dislodged one of the screws (or two) from the bone.
An sense of disquiet permeated the room, tension practically emanating from the two detectives' pores. Their eyes met. John watched in increasing frustration as they carried out a furious, yet wordless debate. "Hey!" the doctor sniped, framing his face with his hands. "Eyes on me, you bloody berks! Remember me, the gammy-leg git who was confided - wait - uhm, con
"Christ, John. Please do try and take it easy down there. I do expect to retain some soft tissue in my behind after you are finished." Sherlock huffed like the pompous douche bag he was and flopped down to his stomach with a groan. "Seriously, John, my arse hurts. Just fix it and I'll leave you alone."
"Wait," Sherlock commanded. He leaned over to switch on the lamp. The artificial glow caused them to wince, despite it being a low-wattage bulb. John hadn't realized just how gloomy the bedroom had been. "Watch," the detective flatly intoned. "Observe the 'magic'," he spat in revulsion, "of Mycroft."
John flinched, caught in the memory of a uni physics elective...v=d/t. This was not going to end well. Sherlock was going to crash on his arse.
"Sherlock. Wha... happe...?" he croaked. Hand shaking from the pain meds, he touched his fingers to his mouth. "Some...uhm...to..." he wiggled his fingers, "for...water?"
For all Sherlock's fine efforts, yanking on the string only yielded a sickly, orange lambent glow. Sherlock grimaced, staring at his hands. His enviable, milky pale complexion, a feature that John extolled, was now more reminiscent of an over-ripened, slightly mouldered canteloupe. Whatever. Irrelevant. Still, his expression reflected a hint of concern. This light source was clearly insufficient to satisfy the scenario that John had put before him. Sherlock checked his watch. There were less than five minutes until go time. Turning on his phone's flashlight, the detective made do.
The hunger Sherlock felt for John raged throughout his body, wild and undisciplined. He yearned to return the favour, devouring John whole. And, dear God, the sweet little nips of John's teeth over his torso, and flicking licks of that hot, pointed tongue. "John! Oh, God, John! Jesus, your mouth! That thing with the tongue is surely illegal?" Sherlock groaned, lost in insatiable lust. "Please...again, please do it
The doctor's head popped up from his pounding, face and ears blazing bright red. "Hehhhh...right. These sodding things are headed straight for the bin, I'll have you know. Yeah, maybe some shorts for the moment."
Because of this, Sherlock's lackluster response provoked his ire. Whilst Greg appreciated, admired, and honestly liked his consultant, Sherlock's puerile antics grated on everyone's nerves. Today's inattention chafed one thousand times worse. The few words Sherlock spoke came across cruelly uncaring. He'd made the effort be heard over the clatter of shoes on dry chalk, but spoke absently, oblivious to the fate of three kids. Eventually, Sherlock's listless chatter ceased to register, Lestrade's mind wandering away.
Sherlock stood coiled tight as a spring, shirt back on but unbuttoned. A stripe of chalky-white skin bisected his shirt like a tie. "Stop it, John!" Sherlock snapped, affronted. "If I'm not mistaken, I've just provided you with an appropriately gruesome example of the aftermath of self injury - or am I so sorely mistaken?" John's ash-blonde hair tumbled as he nodded, and then rolled his head side-to-side. For good measure, the little man finished up with a shrug.
"Now we," Sherlock paused to gnaw hard on his thumbnail, "do what you want to do?" His pale eyes flickered along with the candlelight, nervous, yet thrilled as well.
"Tell you what," John temporized, gritting his teeth (subtly, he hoped). "Bring me two Oxycodone and an ice pack. What I need now is to elevate my ankle and sleep." Shooting what he hoped was a wry smile at his friend, John sealed the deal with "You've already done your bit with the ankle. But, I can't sleep with you boring a hole in the back of my neck. Just go. I'll be fine."
"Yes, John," Sherlock mumbled back, rather muffled. "I believe position #5 is superior to the other four, do you agree?"
Against his better judgement, the genius acknowledged the summons. He opened his eyes and took a good hard look at his blogger. Lestrade, he couldn't bear to confront. John, he had still yet to deduce. "Feeling any better?" Sherlock queried blandly. "I see that you've chosen to self-medicate with alcohol for the second time in the two days since surgery. Are the analgesics not helping as they should?"
A quick glance at John informed his he'd transformed into the bad-arse, mother-fucking fusilier/very good front-lines doctor that had first intrigued him way back when. And yet, belying his electric gaze, John gently reached over and slipped both his hands into Sherlock's, palm to palm. A flood of adoration pumped through his veins, John's capable hands locked with his.
The doctor rubbed along Sherlock's thighs whilst remaining quiet. "Open your eyes, love. Look at me. I've got you. I've got you, I swear." The men locked eyes, sinking into the sensation of John's hypnotic stroking. Eventually, John ceased to rest his hands on Sherlock's hips. "Come down here, you lanky git," he smiled encouragingly, "and snog me senseless. There's no rush You've always been
The doctor interrupted posthaste. "Greg, I really can't say what you're on about. If you seriously think that I'm..." and now Lestrade budged in, cutting John off at the pass.
No. Instead, Sherlock lifted his hand to touch his own face, stroking the planes of his nose. A long index finger flexed,
"Don't be ridiculous! I've never played games when it comes to you. In fact, I find this situation anything but amusing," John snarled. "How long have you been hiding things from me, hmmm? Tit for tat, love. You haven't exactly been a font of information when it comes to
"Sherlock? What do you say? Just between mates us, yeah?" Greg bobbed his head appealingly, voice pitched high and hopefully nonthreatening. "Sherlock, are you hearing me?
As far as Sherlock the British citizen goes, he'd neither polite, or even politic. He is generally not seen as a drinker (Going into pubs with all of those...
"Thought not," John sighed. He watched as Sherlock rolled his long body to recline on one side, resting his head on his elbow. The detective had forgotten to switch off the lamp in the kitchen. An orange-yellow stream of light bisected the door and cut a sharp line along the wall. Caught in the glow, Sherlock's curls burned with bright copper highlights. Beautiful, it was true.
"Jesus, Sherlock! What the hell was that?" John glowered menacingly, mad at the world in general; clearly at the end of his wits. Too late, the doctor caught movement from the corner of his eye. John turned to see Sherlock fighting a one-sided battle with gravity. Pitching downward, the detective yelped as his long, bony shins caught the table. Trapped by inertia, Sherlock continued straight forward.
Frustrated, John pursed his thin lips whilst executing a pronounced, circular twitch of his nose. He inhaled, opening his mouth to forge on. The little man sidelined all thoughts of speaking, however, as he honed in on his flatmate's behavior. Sherlock, incensed, abruptly thrust out his arm. He flapped it about with intention, ending each jerk with a panicky flick of his fingers.
"Do for me what you did for Sherlock," the little man choked. "Sherlock's right, the bloody tosser. He's always right." He snuffled wetly against his thighs, making his jeans uncomfortably damp.
“What?" Greg gently prodded. "Sherlock, I'm not understanding what you're saying. You are, eh... talking to
John's eyes weren't behaving. A storm cloud of tiny black dots obscured his vision. He took deep, calming breaths until they vanished, fixed on those extraordinary eyes. Even so, he felt shaken, and obediently slumped into Sherlock, who laid him down on the bed. Sherlock curiously studied the doctor's face. John's blueish grey eyes appeared to switch colour, the hue veering close to pure haematite. His pupils brought to mind the power of black holes, sucking all the light from the room. John. Supine and sloe-eyed, yet capable of subsuming his soul.
"Jesus Christ, I'm pathetic!" John bellowed around tightly gritted teeth. And, of course, as these things go, this was the precise moment that Sherlock burst into the room.
Sherlock. Come, sit down," John croaked, and reached out to grasp at his pale, lanky hand. Sherlock leaned his tall body over the corner of the table, stretching to clutch at John's hand. He placed a wet, gentle kiss on John's head, then straightened up to toe a chair out and sit down. Sherlock didn't relinquish John's hand. They sat, staring at each other. What a strange twenty-four hours this had been.
Sherlock himself had certainly appeared serene in the aftermath, nuzzling John into a post-coital stupor with reverential kisses and whispered sweet nothings. His absence probably meant nothing.
His lips puckered as if he'd been sucking lemons - and not his lover. If John still had the ability to be think, then he himself wasn't doing his job. Annoying. The detective's dander rose. His demeanor changed, no longer 'playful kitten' but 'slavering jaguar', a beast beguiled by the smell of fresh meat. (Later on, reveling in their post-coital haze, he forgave himself for such lusty aggression. John was simply too delicious not to devour.)
"No, baby, shhhh... It's alright, we're okay, it's all good," the little man murmured between soft, ardent kisses. "I love you, I love you, I am here for you now."
Greg cleared his throat again, trying to order his thoughts. "Right. Back to the case. The answer to your question is no, I don't think so. This bastard perpetrator is a smart one. He must have used gloves, and wore different shoes for each abduction. In addition, he managed to avoid every goddamn CCTV camera in London. Also, and each child was taken differently. He didn't leave much for us to go on. So," he hedged, "Will you come?"
The two men lay on their backs in the dark. Sherlock had placed himself close enough whereby John could feel his warmth. Performing his own version of "search and seizure", John floundered about with a hand, seeking Sherlock's. The doctor found his lover's hand, squeezed into a fist by his hip. John blanketed Sherlock's huge hand with his own. The doctor waited patiently, urging his own self to just let go.
"Wait, just hang on," John winced, flexing his left thigh. "This sounds like a long conversation. Let me," he pushed down on the mattress in an effort to move back, "try to get into a better sitting position." The doctor's arm muscles protested, making his efforts inefficient and clumsy. "Bloody hell," John spluttered between gritted teeth, "prophetic, as usual, Sherlock."
Sherlock tee-heed in delight. He delicately pinched each nipple until they'd stiffened into peaks on John's chest. "Ah...John, but a far
I am really sorry that my posting time has slowed down so much. Work, work work work work. I love my job, but I hate having to work when it interferes so much with my life. The only things that I feel capable of doing is eating, then sleeping, and then hauling my sorry arse to work. Yuck.
"Yes. Small mercies. Quite." The tall man slitted his eyes, irritated. "What evidence have you collected thus far? Do you have the files to give me? Is this something I can solve from the flat?"
John tries his best not to shoot people. Sherlock tries his best to stay present. Canoodling ensues as a form of therapy.
Desperately faithful, or on the pull. Either-Or. Privately, John scoffed at his own ridiculous, twee romantic gestures. Those horrid attempts to  write love poems were in fact, a ploy to get laid. Either-Or. Soft warm, sweet-smelling woman-Or cold hand.
"And leave me standing here on the stoop? Not bloody likely, you wanker! Just go on up and I'll follow. By the time I get my sorry arse up the stairs the flat better be sanitized and hot tea on the table."
"Just a moment! I'll be back!" Sherlock promised voice fading as he fled towards the loo. He had something more pressing to deal with than locating one bloody plastic spoon.
A snort burst from under the pillows. "You can see through the sheets? Amazing. Taction is touch, John...i.e.  physical contact." Sherlock lectured, as if addressing a second form class. "Skin-to-skin. Honestly, man. You're a writer, roughly speaking. Open up a thesaurus. Spare me from such asinine questions."
The DI wanted nothing more than to run back to the squad car as quickly as his ancient arse could carry him.
A second, more hellish spanner popped up; that is to say, a fucking ruthless, bloody cataclysmic spanner.
Also, sorry that this took so long. I have been jumping through hoops trying to find a new job (which I finally did - yay!) and that took time away from my real life, lol.
"I think my legs need to be back more," John grunted between heavy breaths, already feeling quite full of cock. "It's really good, this, but I feel like we're missing something important."
"It's not the best time for a case of ennui, Sherlock," the DI went on with increasing aspersion. "Christ, you're freaking me out, to be honest; and I'm already wound up to my gills. Right now - at this moment - three children's lives are on the line. So, gimme your problems or whatnot, and then delete them. It. Whatever. Who knows, I might actually have an answer for...well," Lestrade cut himself off hearing the utter ridiculousness of his statement. "Right. Whatever the case, we need to get off our fat duffs and find the maggot who nabbed them. After which, I'll go to mine and have a very stiff drink. Hell, maybe two, if we're quick. What you end up doing is your business."
John's giggles raised in pitch whilst observing this delicious man flounder. "Ahhh...love. Come here. Come lay down right here," he patted the mattress, "and we can find out together what you like, hmmm? What makes your eyes roll back in your head, makes you whimper? Oh, love," John crooned. "I want to make you feel so good, baby, like you just did for me. You were lovely." John hummed with satisfaction as Sherlock, flummoxed, crawled down to snuggle beside him. He gazed at John with large, wondering eyes but said nothing. They lay quiet, absorbing facts.
“What progress we are making. In the Middle Ages they would have burned me. Now they are content with burning my books.” Sigmund Freud*
The detective cautiously pulled in his elbows and tipped of the couch in one go. "John," Sherlock whispered, "John, I can't...I'm so very so - ."
Lestrade had only once left a partner behind in the heat of the chase. Once. Watching Anthony hauled off in an ambulance (moderate flesh wounds from a pavement scuffle, thank God) was bad, very bad. He'd gone home, gotten spectacularly pissed, and had an epic fight with his wife.
"Aaaaagh!" he screamed, echoing in the dark. "I hate that I wasn't with you, Sherlock! I should have been there! You should never have lied... I would have had your back! You are my everything! I would have saved you!"
The man in question raised his hand to shape a "halt" gesture at John, followed by an impatient "hurry up" over to Lestrade. "Do it. Do it now before my flatmate falls over due to shock at my addressing you by your legitimate first name."
The five elegant fingers gracing Sherlock's left hand crowned with tough, roughly circular calluses.
Sherlock stared at the fire and pressed his lips together. "It's not easy for me to say this, John. You know my opinion on sentiment."
The oxycodone did its job, just not for long. John managed to snag a short nap before the throbbing of his ankle returned. The pain wrestled him back to awareness. Not for the first time (since his acquaintance with Sherlock) John considered the merits of illegal narcotics.
However, the John saved Sherlock the effort. His eyes popping wide, he spat out the fingers with an obscene popping of his lips. "More!" the little man demanded. "I am very thirsty and you..." a snorting giggle crinkled John's adorable nose, "you taste good."
John's head wobbled, eyes glassy and unfocused as he contemplated his flatmate. Sherlock's head tilted back whilst seeking that last pungent, brown drop. The detective's lower face was concealed by the glass, bent into strange angles by the bevels. "Mmmm....I gonna upswallow if I eat any more." The doctor scrubbed his nose thoughtfully. "Sherlock...you know I don't blame you."
Severe, highly localized pain blazed from his left ankle joint. Well, wasn't this a bloody perfect to-do. Apparently, fate couldn't leave his sorry arse well enough alone, and so fucked over both of his legs. He knew that the pain indicated serious, and likely debilitating injury; please
Sorry this took so long to get up. Having a bit of writer's block. I kept thinking that "Yes, I'll be able to post today.", only to turn on my computer and feel compelled to  rework the whole damn thing. I need to find a beta to bounce ideas off of. Any takers? :)
The doctor mewled. He mopped his face into the mattress. A steady pattern of whimpers flew from his throat, one lusty squeak for every loud pounding thrust. "
John nimbly secured both of Sherlock's arms in a firm, but compassionate grip, pinioning him to the bed. "Stop it now," he scolded. "You need to stay here, with me, on this bed." Like a heat-seeking missile, he swiftly honed in on those plush, perfect lips and landed a fiery kiss.
"I came to see about John. How is he doing since his surgery?" In desperation, Lestrade thrust both hands in his trouser pockets, fumbling in hopes for a nicotine patch. Nothing doing. "And when is he being released?"
John stirred to consciousness at 5:32 am - and 18 seconds, but who was counting? The doctor's pasty complexion, fluttering eyelids, and down-turned mouth triggered something antsy and uncomfortable in Sherlock.
believe that this discussion takes precedence, or at least must happen before talking about anything else."
At any rate, at this precise moment, Sherlock stood squirreled away in a dank, dark, and dusty storage closet at the Yard. Fuck paperwork. The four-by-eight foot cubicle conveyed every appearance of being abandoned. As the detective picked open the lock, chips of rust flaked over his coat cuffs. Intolerable, yet infinitely transcendent for Sherlock's deviant designs. Well, yes and no. The detective attempted to ignore the fetid assault of odours as he cracked the door open. His nose identified several disparate types of mould, notably penicillium chrysogenum, aspergillus fumigatus, and aspergillus versicolor. Dangerous to the unhealthy. He should be safe. However, nauseating as the spores were, the Zep Hard Surface Sanitizer dribbled across the lino sent Sherlock's nose crying foul.
Lestrade glanced over at the detective and saw what had made John nervous. Sherlock was slipping quickly into panic mode, eyes dilating and close to hyperventilation. They had to keep the genius centered in the present, or risk Sherlock lapsing into a panic attack, or worse. Lestrade eased up from the couch and stepped over to crouch at his friend's feet. "Mate? It's okay, you're here with John and I in the flat. Baker St., 221B."
"It is a frightening thought that man also has a shadow side to him, consisting not just of little weaknesses- and foibles, but of a positively demonic dynamism." - Carl G. Jung
John spoke, his voice dropped an octave and took on a supercilious tone. "If you didn't have such a bloody big ego, you would have saved us both the trouble of my having to stick a pair of tweezers up your arse!"
Sherlock flew about his bedroom, taking no notice that he'd obliterated the precise order of his sock index. Accompanying the DI to the crime scene presented him the unique opportunity to pump Lestrade for information that John had refused to reveal. John and the DI were close friends, surely the man could provide him with some detail?
"Sherlock, is this an attempt at a metaphor? Because otherwise, you have lost me," John groaned. He checked his watch for the time. One more hour until narcotics were medically prudent. He shoved the Union Jack under his left buttock.
"Ahhhhh...let me see how it goes first, yeah? If I drop on my arse, you'll know I need help." John gathered himself up and ambulated awkwardly down the hall.
"God, yes. I'm sure I've never been better." Lanky legs thwarted John's strong, yet compact arms for all of thirty seconds, before Sherlock kicked off his trousers in a frenzy of lust. His eyes locked in John's. Only John. All for John. Everything he'd ever done, well, at least the
This, despite every kiss, tender word and expression of devotion he'd received, Sherlock couldn't help but feel piqued.
"In human beings pure masculinity or femininity is not to be found either in a psychological or biological sense." - Sigmund  Freud
"...when a person commits suicide, he does not do violence only to himself; he inflicts death upon those whom he least considered would be so affected." - F. Sionil Jose
"Your 'pathetic excuse for a brother' was the bloke who cared for John after you died!" Lestrade protested hotly. "Don't you get it? This isn't about
*My hair must resemble a bird's nest. Good God! Why am I thinking in French? Enough! I'm in London. Think in English! English, you dolt!
Now it was John's turn to roll his eyes. "Mmm. Charming. Such a lovely comparison." He shook his head to shake away the image. "Well, my dear Holmes, I aim to please.  So, get ready," the doctor hissed through his teeth, "here I go." John's hips rose up, Sherlock's meeting him halfway. Soon, slapping noises set a tempo for their groans.
Without further ado, the doctor shoved the dildo up his arse. He bucked, pumping his hips with abandon. An endless stream of swear words left his lips, a miasma of salacious demands. He fairly screamed as Sherlock upped the vibrator's intensity. The detective could easily hear it now, though buried deep in the core of John's body. The toy droned fiercely, a furious reverberation of swarming, sex-crazed bees.
"John?" Sherlock muttered. "This needs to stop, this..." he whirled his hands in the air, the universal symbol for clusterfuck. "Bloody hell, John. We have to figure this out. Do you wish to speak here, or may we move to a more suitable location?"
"Uhhh...but of course. Whatever you think that will help," Sherlock fumbled, checking his pocket for his phone. "I'll just pop down to Bart's and see what Molly has cooking. Uhm...figuratively speaking, of course." He checked his watch. "I should be back in two hours, at the latest, I swear."
Sherlock responded noisily, practically sniffing all the room's air up his nose. He looked the better for it, oxygen rushing from lungs to brain. The detective's face even colored up a bit; well, at least the part that was visible.
Two lag screws jammed into the tibia, a seven-screw plate securing the fibula, one knee-high leg brace, two fucking uncomfortable crutches, one protracted personal leave from the surgery, and a partridge in a pear tree.
provided neither man reflected upon their mutual desires or spoke of the recent past. Even Mrs. Hudson resumed baking them scones, which Mycroft happily consumed by the dozen.
, is that John became very depressed. He. He made three serious suicide attempts," here Lestrade physically shied away from Sherlock's agonized gasp so as to finish, "and only by the grace of God and your brother did we get to John in time."
God help him, John heard that infernal, wet smacking sound that a body emits during a high-impact collision with pavement. Again, and again - and
"Sherlock," John coaxed with an underlying hint of steel, "it's okay. It's all good. I said that five years ago and I mean it today. Please?"
Shall we ring in the new year with angst, excessive mood swings and redundant falls to the floor? Oh, why not.
Sherlock obeyed Lestrade's command - mostly. He switched tactics, releasing his hair to box at his ears and his face.
In return, John embarked on an overall tally of damage, brushing tentatively over brutality's despicable aftermath.  Running his physician's finger's along their width, length, and for one outrageous moment, depth, John undertook a comprehensive analysis of their origins. The planets realigned. Worlds ended and began. New constellations formed in the skies. John's construct of humanity shattered, reforming into something much darker. After all that he'd witnessed in personal experience war, and The Work, John
The detective's face relaxed in relief, which quieted John's dread. There would be no more wrestling with libidos; return to the safe status quo. John started, however, as Sherlock's (luscious) mouth formed an unhappy moue. "Actually, John, I used it all up during an experiment. I'm afraid that the flat is quite absent of alcohol - unless isopropyl fits the bill."
"Excuse me. I have to visit the loo," John whispered after Greg's voice had finally petered out. "My stomach's been off from all of the medicine, see. It strikes at the most inconvenient times," the little man fretted miserably.
." Lestrade jerked the wheel to the right to avoid smacking into the kerb, grumbling under his breath about duck fat. "What gives, Sherlock? No, really, I mean it." This last as the consultant rolled his strange, pale eyes in annoyance.
They both knew that penance eventually must be paid, the cost for which being extraordinarily dear. Mycroft desperately worried about Sherlock.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes with cool, somewhat clinical assessment. "Unfortunately, I believe that you are correct in your assertion. It does need a bit of doctoring, if you're planning on it to heal properly and without blemish." He turned away, hoping to hide his grieved expression. "John will be able to attend to it. He's accumulated quite an impressive cache of medical supplies from the surgery; although, don't tell anyone I said that."
" He licked his lips as he gathered his thoughts. "And I'm so very glad that John knows as well. You shouldn't keep important things like this secret.
"This," Sherlock murmured, gently taking John's left hand. He drew it up to his full lips and brushed them against John's fingers, prompting a startled gasp from the little man.
"I don't understand," John moaned. "All this time, you've never said a word." He moved up to chew on an earlobe, an uncontrollable whimper slipping from between licks and sucks. Sherlock's skin radiated a magnificent heat. John sensed his lips growing hot. "I have to get injured for you to say how you feel?" The doctor's cock stiffened and jerked. When had he last been so hard?
Use that big, brilliant brain and take this in. I. Feel. The same. Sherlock, Christ, I love you. I'm crazy about you. I'd follow you into the very depths of hell. In fact, nothing and no-one is going to keep me from you - except for you." He scrubbed a hand through his hair. "The two of us against the world, Sherlock. Together."
He saw Sherlock's hands tremble, and for some reason it steadied him. He had absolutely no idea what he was doing when it came to dating a man; yet, from what Mycroft inferred, Sherlock had never dated a soul.
nightmares occur? Despite the risk, the detective laid his plate-sized hands on what he surmised was John's hip. Sherlock jostled him desperately, roughly. "Wake up, John.
"What is it? Sherlock? Hey, it's okay," John soothed. Pushing down his anxiety, he whispered beseechingly, "Please tell me. Sherlock...talk to me. I'll give you anything you ask, whatever it is you need."
"Yes, John. For God's sake," Sherlock spat, "now, fuck me!" The men ground together, ramming against each other with frantic and senseless abandon. There were no more shared words, only grunts and loud exhalations. Base animal need (
forced me to do anything, ever?" Sherlock spoke tetchily. He sunk down to sit on his bottom. The detective's words would have been more formidable if he wasn't hunching over like an injured gosling.
John awoke to find the bed cold. A Sherlock-sized imprint indented the sheets, but when John put his hand to the spot, he felt only damp chill. Sherlock had been out of his bed for some time. Peering at the blinding bright red of the digital clock, John saw that dawn was still several hours away. Maybe, Sherlock's bizarre internal clock had forced him to get up and start moving. The man upheld a ridiculous resentment against his transport's compulsion to sleep, despite the biological necessity.
he looked at his body. He'd carried this burden alone for a very, very long time. John wanted to cry even more than he wanted to kill.
Sherlock popped up on one elbow, instinctively reaching for John. He slipped one plate-sized hand under his back and drew John into in his arms. The men huddled together, neither speaking, breathing hard. Sherlock fought off the temptation to rock, despite how it quieted his mind.
The doctor thumbed at the tips of Sherlock's fully erect nipples, circling the edges counterclockwise. "Yeah? You like that, precious? What about this?" He gently pinched and pulled. His lover's hips thrust down to meet his own see-sawing fingers as he keened. "Now find your special place, love. Touch your prostate so you'll know what anal sex does for a man." John smirked. Sherlock's tongue had poked out, swiping over his lips in a fair approximation of his own habit. "Come on. Come on, find it. You find everything, love. You're amazing."
John's arms zinged, full of static. He surged upward on his elbows whilst Sherlock dropped, their mouths colliding with a "mmmmph!" It was a not-so-comfortable kiss, as kisses go - too much teeth, not enough lips, overenthusiastic tongues. Nevertheless, this was the communion of flesh they'd both ached for, and for that reason alone, was perfect.
The doctor bellowed bull-like, orgasm taking him by force. His body pulsed, squeezing the toy until it was almost painful. Mind blown. John's mind was blown with delirious bliss, body quivering in a frenzy of pleasure. "Sher...Sher...oh bugger, love. That was - " his words trailed off in a last groan of heat.
"That laser beam glare that you give people when you're trying to deduce them. It's like, you're burrowing into their brains. Listen. You're not going to get any more from me. I'm going in. I need John to see to my nose, and I desperately need a drink." He punctuated his point by opening the panda car door and stepping out. "Are you coming?"
at you, Sherlock, I'm concerned about your bloody well-being. Sorry for saying so, but frankly, you look like shit!"
This was supposed to contain the entire conversation but I goofed. Duh. I wish I was a stable genius, but I'm just a flighty broad.
"What - ah. But of course," Sherlock said, rummaging blithely in his trousers for his wallet. "You can count on me." He swept into the Belstaff with a flourish and shot out the door.
Sherlock had never paid much mind to his own bed. In point of fact, the genius had never paid much mind to sleep; the concept of which, or otherwise. Yes, as everyone within a ten-mile radius of the detective knew, sleeping was boring. So was breathing, but that's another story altogether.
"John," Sherlock whispered, contrite. He brushed his full lips across the crown of John's head, automatically collecting data about the strangely coarse texture of grey hair.
"Fucking shite!" the former soldier howled, resting on all fours in a oil-slicked puddle. He smacked at the sludge with annoyance. Sherlock was going to have a field day with this.
The lover's shared a tense moment when John's wandering fingers encountered scars. "No secrets, love. Remember? We're fine," the doctor cooed, "you're fine."
It appeared that cuddle time was over, not that it ever really began. It was sexy time now, and sex with Sherlock was very, very good.
about suffer made Sherlock weak-kneed with nausea and cramps. May it be noted however, that Sherlock never lost a singe millisecond of rest over the injuries he'd inflicted on criminals - inadvertently or otherwise.
of one of the cheap wooden chairs sliding over the lino. One warm mitt of a hand reached under his left arm and guided him down to his bum whilst the other held the chair steady.
