"Congratulations!" Molly squealed, throwing her arms around her and squeezing. "You were amazing!"
“Yes! I mean - well, no, but - Christ, Sherlock, I’m not a bloody child! I can take care of myself!” Without having decided to, Jo was on her feet, shouting at Sherlock. She knew she should probably stop, should probably apologise and thank Sherlock for taking care of her, especially when she’d been such an awful patient. Instead she stormed away and went upstairs to her old room. The sound of the door slamming behind her was loud in the heavy silence of the flat.
by Sherlock Holmes.
Still no answer, and now Jo was starting to worry. It was rare for Sherlock to be quiet for so long, and even more unusual for her to look this confused.
“Sir, your sister is -”
Sherlock sets her phone back on the bedside table and snuggles down deeper under the duvet, sulking. Jo had been acting strangely for the past few weeks - coming home late from work, leaving the room to answer her phone, and dropping things off in Mrs Hudson’s flat after doing the shopping, which Mrs Hudson had staunchly denied when Sherlock had asked her about it.
They were quiet for a moment. Jo kissed her again, quick and chaste, then moved to sit at the table and put her sandwich together. Sherlock poured coffee for both of them, setting Jo’s in front of her and stealing a piece of bacon on her way to her seat.
Sherlock’s blush deepened and she pretended to glare at Jo, but she looked pleased anyway. “Shut up,” she told her, but there was no heat or force behind it.
, grief and anger and guilt and exhaustion and fear, everything she’d been internalizing and suppressing for the past two weeks, all coming out at once now that she was giving in to it.
“I know all that. I do. I want to. And I think I could do it, if… if you helped me.”
. Jo had promised, when they got married, that she loved her and wanted to be with her, always, and would never do anything to hurt her. Sherlock just had to trust her.
“Sherlock, have you seen my jumper?”
Jo just nodded, tears washing down her cheeks. Sherlock squeezed her hand tightly, then let go to bury her head in both hands. Her shoulders shook with silent sobs.
"Is this Sherlock Holmes?"
“Good.” Jo pressed a kiss to her neck, then took Sherlock’s hand and tugged her towards the exit. “Let’s go, then, gorgeous.”
"You still want me to do your hair for you?"
fits into the idea of
“Shut up, you arse!”
"Yes, I know you can. But I like taking care of you. And besides," Jo stopped to kiss Sherlock's sharp hipbone, "you deserve to be spoiled every once in awhile."
for your birthday last year, and were on the edge of your seat the whole time. I'm not even sure you
"My feet hurt," Sherlock pouted, "it's distracting." She pulled her knees up -- as much as she could with Jo practically on top of her -- and, petulantly, let them flop down again.
have been focusing on yourself. I just… god, I didn’t think it would hurt so much.”
“Have you given it any more thought, then?”
Sherlock woke, hours later, to the feeling of Jo's hand in her hair. (Of course she knew it was Jo - obvious.) "Sherlock?"
Sherlock hummed again noncommittally.
“He’ll catch up,” Sherlock said, waving a dismissive hand. “At any rate, it’ll keep him quiet long enough for us to discuss things properly, rather than having to listen to him domineering the conversation.”
“It doesn't matter, love. Neither the toast or the eggs are burnt, and they both stink. Now can you please open the window before I get sick? It smells bloody terrible in here.”
The two hours between her performance and the adjudication were horrible. Sherlock sulked around the dressing room, in the cafeteria, and in the audience with Jo, critiquing the other dancers under her breath and stretching and flexing her feet restlessly.
"He had to go in to work, he'll be home soon," Sherlock promised softly, stroking the boy's sweaty curls back from his forehead.
“Mrs Hudson is an extremely intelligent woman, so yes, probably.”
“Don’t remind me,” Jo groaned, crossing her arms over her stomach and swallowing hard. “What do you need, Sherlock?”
“Why don’t you come downstairs for a cup of tea, dear?” Mrs Hudson said during a break in their conversation. “It would do you good to get out of this dusty old room for a while.”
“Sherlock? Johanna?” she called. “Are you girls awake? I made soup, I thought you might need it.”
“No, no, you sit down, dear. I’ll take care of this. You two just relax.”
“I know, you’re right. You always are.”
“Right.” Jo kissed her until she stopped frowning. “Mm. You taste like coffee. Put a fresh pot on while I shower, would you?”
Sherlock grinned and kissed her again.
There was a wave of uncomfortable giggling and muttering. “You can’t just
"Tell me you want this. God, please tell me this isn't another one of your experiments, Sherlock, because I might die if it is."
“You really think so?”
“Yeah, I thought so. You’ll feel better after you’ve slept for a while.”
“I was while I was working. I had pretty bad cramps, but I was busy so I just ignored it. I’ve got a hot water bottle now, and they gave me some paracetamol, so it’s not too bad.” Jo lifted Sherlock’s hand to her mouth and kissed it. “I’m alright.”
Mrs Hudson was smiling when she opened the door, but it faded quickly when she saw Sherlock (which was, Sherlock thought, mildly offensive. She didn’t look
"We will, sweetheart. You definitely need a long sleep in a real bed. But, frankly, you stink. You need a shower."
"She had to go in to work, she'll be home soon," Sherlock promised softly, stroking the boy's sweaty curls back from his forehead.
Jo smiled and took Sherlock in her arms. “Good. Now come here, I want to kiss you.”
[14:31] And it’s good? Must be, if you’re mixing up your ties. -JWH
Jo giggled and kissed her cheek. "I suppose I did promise you a foot rub, didn't I?"
“Thanks, but I should probably make sure she's alright and not breaking anything important.”
Sherlock looked thoughtful, if a bit confused. “If it’s forgiveness you need, you have it. There’s nothing to forgive, but I forgive you.”
“Yeah, alright then. What are we having?”
Jo groaned and rolled onto her back, blinking sleepily up at her lovely, concerned wife. “Why’d you let me sleep so long?” she asked groggily.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock mumbled, burying her face in Jo’s jumper and wrapping her arms around her waist. “You were - I should have - It’s fine.”
Sherlock glared at her as they bundled themselves into the backseat, but the effect was ruined when she yawned and curled up against Jo's shoulder. She fell asleep almost instantly and stayed that way until they were nearly home.
"I'll just leave you girls to it, then," Mrs. Hudson put in awkwardly, seeing herself out of the flat.
“You’re sure you’re alright?”
Sherlock's competition solo was stunning, as usual. She'd eventually scrapped
be disappointing. But there’s always next month, isn’t that what you keep telling me?”
“Hmm?”
Sherlock glanced uneasily back toward Jo’s room, The nurse clearly wanted to settle in for a proper heart-to-heart, but Sherlock was unwilling to leave Jo alone for any longer than strictly necessary.
despite her own nervousness. “I assume that you already know why we’re here, Mycroft?”
“Hmmm. Missed you.”
Sherlock decided that she'd stay for just a few minutes - just long enough to make sure Callum didn't have another nightmare. At least, that's what she told herself, before falling asleep with her son wrapped securely in her arms.
“Thanks, Mrs H,” Jo said gratefully. “You’re a saint.”
[14:39] No no, it’d be… a double date of sorts - JWH
beautiful.” Jo tugged her closer, her hands sliding around to rest just slightly above the swell of her bum. “When do you dance again?”
“It’s long in the past now, dear, I don’t think much about it. But I thought it might do you some good to know that you’re not alone in this - plenty of women have trouble having a baby.”
"Breathe, Jo. You're safe. Try to take deep breaths." Sherlock slowed her own breathing, inhaling and exhaling audibly in an effort to get Jo to match it. After a few minutes she did, Sherlock smiled at her. "Good, Jo. Much better."
Greg laughed, but he looked touched. “Jeez, Sherlock, that was almost sweet of you,” he teased. “But seriously, you two, this is – I mean, yes, obviously, I just – thanks. It means a lot that you’re asking me.”
[09:25]
, I hardly think that warrants ruining our night in. He’s
"You're staring at me, again." Sherlock remarked without looking up from the knot she was untangling.
"Jo..." Sherlock grabbed her by the back of the neck and pulled her in for another kiss, clumsy and uncoordinated. Jo kissed her back for a few moments, then pulled back far enough to rest their foreheads together.
“I knew it! I always knew the frigid bitch was queer!”
“Thank you, Mycroft,” Jo said earnestly. “You have no idea how much this means to us. Having a known donor - especially one so closely related - is a relief. And, if we’re really lucky, the baby will look like Sherlock.” She smiled, soft and fond, at Sherlock, who turned pink and ducked her head.
Sherlock and Jo showed up in Mycroft’s office at the Diogenes Club, unannounced, a few days later. Mycroft had obviously been expecting them, if the tea service and tray of biscuits sitting on his desk were any indication.
“I insist, stay for a cup of tea at least. Better to wait it out than have a mug thrown at your head.”
Sherlock woke with a start, sitting upright even before he was fully awake. For a moment he wasn't sure what had woken him, until he heard a small, distressed cry from the upstairs bedroom.
Jo didn’t answer.
Sherlock blinked at her. “I’m… sorry?”
“Thank you,” Jo replied, though she didn’t sound like she believed it.
She put the pillow she'd been sitting on back at the head of the bed, then wriggled under the covers, dislodging the tucked-in sheet as little as possible. Jo slid in next to her, and Sherlock immediately snuggled up close to her, tucking her head under Jo's chin.
"He had a nightmare. He was asking for you, but..."
The question - and the tone -  reminded Jo forcibly of her grandmother, and she almost laughed, but didn’t answer. Her silence somehow managed to be both sulky and embarrassed at the same time.
“You have?”
“Hush, I haven’t finished. Losing this baby was
“…No.”
“I suppose you’re right,” Jo conceded, but she didn’t sound confident. “I just… I dunno, I thought it might be nice to have someone we know. It’s a bit less… impersonal, is all.”
“Can I get you anything?”
“It’s Thursday.”
“I think it’s an excellent idea,” Jo smiled. “Just because we didn’t get to meet her, doesn’t mean we don’t get to remember her.”
Sherlock startled and whirled around, collapsing out of the arabesque she'd been holding -- well, wobbling in, really -- and landing on her bum with an annoyed huff. "Well, it wouldn't have been if you hadn't been distracting me. What are you doing here?"
"Shh, love, you're alright. Shh. Did you have a nightmare?" Sherlock asked gently.
“Can I poison Mycroft’s fork?”
The nurse straightened up and extended her hand. “Why don't you come sort out your Johanna’s discharge papers, and I’ll make you a cuppa. Alright?”
“Your midterm isn’t for another week and you already know all the material. There’ll be plenty of time after you wake up.”
“All - alright. Okay. As long as you’re comfortable, for now. I guess.”
“Well then, go get dressed. Please?”
the first time –” She cut herself off with an overdramatic shudder. “Do
“Thank you, sweetheart.”
“I promise. I'm never more than a few days later than you, and you…?” Jo trailed off to let Sherlock confirm the dates for her period.
Jo reappeared quickly with a tall glass of water and a box of tissue. “Here, sweetheart,” she said gently. She wrapped her back around Sherlock and tucked her close to her side, settling the box of tissue on their laps and offering the water to Sherlock.
"Fine," Sherlock agreed eventually, "I suppose taking the afternoon off would be acceptable."
Sherlock knew that Jo was still grieving -- of course she was, she blamed herself, felt like she’d failed Sherlock -- but didn’t know what to do about it. She scoured the internet -- blogs, parenting websites, anything she could find -- for advice on what to do to help, how to make it easier for Jo. Eventually she ended up with a list of advice that seemed reasonable, without forcing Jo to talk about it. Jo had closed herself off slightly, after the night she’d spent with Mrs Hudson and the day after spent comforting Sherlock, so Sherlock looked for suggestions that were more to do with practical support than emotional support
The flood of dancers had thinned out slightly, but the dressing room itself was overcrowded and chaotic, full of overexcited dancers rushing around getting ready for the next performances and chattering about the results of the adjudication.
The next morning Jo woke up stiff and groggy, but feeling better and more like herself than she had in days. She hadn’t meant to fall asleep at Mrs Hudson’s, and her neck and back were not pleased to have spent the night cramped on the hard old sofa.
The doctor sighed. “You’re a couple of centimetres dilated - no more than two or three. But at this point, you’re almost certainly going to lose the pregnancy,” she said quietly. “I’m so, so sorry.” When no answer came from either of the women in the hospital bed, she moved towards the door, looking uncertain. “I’ll leave you two alone for a few minutes, shall I? Excuse me…”
“Just because we didn’t get to meet her, doesn’t mean we don’t get to remember her.”
Jo smiled and rocked up on her toes to kiss her softly. "You're welcome, love. Do you want me to braid your hair for you before we go to bed?"
This started out as just a tiny bit of dialogue that didn't make the final cut, but I decided to turn it into a proper scene. I hope it comes across as cozy as it did in my mind!
“Fine, sorry,” Jo said, trying to subtly breathe through her mouth. “The smell surprised me, is all. I guess we know what the booties are for, then?” she joked weakly.
“Jo?” Sherlock asked hesitantly, walking around to sit gingerly on the bed near Jo’s knees. “I’ve gotten your discharge papers sorted, and someone’s brought your things. Do you want to go home?”
“I like Grace,” Sherlock agreed.
works there. Is there a problem?"
"Easy for you to say," Sherlock pouted, sinking lower in her seat and crossing her arms.
“Oh, you will, huh?”
"Probably... can't it wait? I thought we were going to bed..." Sherlock asked, quietly. She almost sounded disappointed.
“I need t’study for Organic Chem, later,” Sherlock informed her, already sounding mostly asleep.
“Really. I think it’d be amazing, like you said, to watch a tiny person grow up. And I think you’d be an amazing mother.” She squeezed Sherlock’s hands again, wanting to banish the uncertainty she could see in her eyes.
"Yes, please."
hadn't said anything - since that morning in the kitchen, but Jo knew that she wanted the slightly-worse-than-usual PMS to mean something more. “Yes,” she eventually answered, sounding apologetic. “A few days ago when you were at Bart’s.  I'm sorry, love.”
"Alright. Go and put your pyjamas on, I'll meet you in the bedroom in a couple of minutes."
"Mhm."
Sherlock turned and stood up, her hands going automatically to Jo’s waist. She was beaming, her eyes shining and her cheeks wet. “You’re pregnant,” she confirmed.
“I love you too, Sherlock. I love you so, so much.”
She frowns and fiddles with her wedding ring, thinking. If a client had come to her with the same evidence, she would have told them that their spouse was cheating on them. But Jo wouldn’t do that - would she?
“Of course I do, dear.” Mrs Hudson ushered Sherlock into her kitchen and sat her down. “I’ve just made tea, would you like a cup?”
“They went to dinner six months ago, give or take, and have been dating ever since,” Sherlock announced before Greg could finish chewing his mouthful of pasta. “It took a while for Mycroft to convince Lestrade that he wasn’t being set up, or used as a political pawn inside the Met.”
Sherlock looked hard at her. “Are you avoiding it because you don’t want
, with no makeup or fancy costumes or pretense, and Jo wished not for the first time for a proper camera to capture the moment.
Sherlock looked mutinous, but the biscuit Jo had brought her and half of the sandwich had disappeared while they were bickering, so Jo called it a victory.
Even though they’d decided nearly a week before that they wanted to start a family, they’re hadn’t been any more discussion. There hadn't been time, between Jo's shifts at the A&E and a serial killer case that had kept them running around London at all hours.
Mrs Hudson frowned, looking like she might protest. Sherlock quickly cut her off. “We don’t have to,” she said, a suggestion she had found online suddenly occurring to her. “We can remember her, of course we can. We’ll save the recording, and --” Sherlock cut herself off, suddenly unsure.
"You're getting bruises and blisters again, love. You need new toe pads."
The first thunderclap nearly made Jo jump out of her skin. She glanced at Sherlock, hoping she hadn't seen. Not that she was worried the detective would mock her, really, but... it was a stupid, childish fear, and she wasn't keen to have it deduced to death by her infuriating genius of a flatmate.
“I think you need to take a pregnancy test.” Sherlock said firmly after a moment.
"Oh, shut up. Come and sit with me a minute, would you? I, um... Just - come here, yeah?"
“This whole concept is extremely heteronormative and sexist. Why is it still included this course? It’s essentially useless.”
“You don’t have to thank me, bee.”
Every single pregnancy test on the table was positive.
The sudden transition from serious, motherly landlady to offering to get high together almost made Jo laugh out loud. “I might take you up on the offer for a cuppa, but I’m not sure one of your, ah,
"I'll meet you in the dressing rooms after?"
“I love you, too…” Sherlock’s voice shook slightly.
“No, love, I'm fine,” Jo protested. “I just stood up too fast. I'm sure it's nothing.”
"Will come and kiss you goodnight when he gets home. Sleep now."
Jo smiled warmly at her and lead her by the hand towards the bathroom.
“Thank you,” Jo said eventually.
Jo didn’t answer right away, looking far away and thoughtful. “I think it would have been a little girl,” she murmured eventually, seemingly apropos of nothing. “I’ve always wanted a daughter.”
"Of course you saved more than you lost. You're an excellent doctor, John. He thinks you're a hero, you know," Sherlock responded, twining one of Hamish's curls around his finger. "We both do."
“Mrs Hudson!” Sherlock blurted, shocked.
Sherlock settled into bed to wait for Jo to finish her shower. In the quiet darkness of their bedroom, she allowed herself a moment to cry. She buried her face in her hands and her shoulders shook, but she didn’t allow herself to make any noise.
“Maybe she’s a
Sherlock opened her mouth to answer, but was cut off by the trill of her phone, announcing a text from Lestrade. She flipped it open and scanned the message. “Case!”
Jo rushed to catch up with Sherlock outside of the hall, wanting to make sure she was alright after the shitshow the lecture had turned into.
"Okay, sweetheart?"
Jo smiled slightly and snuggled closer in response. There was another long silence, but this time it was comfortable, relaxed and warm and full of love.
“Coming, sorry!” Slightly frustrated with her sudden squeamishness, Jo steeled herself and approached the body. The smell intensified the further into the bathroom she went, and bile rose in the back of her throat. “What is it?” she asked, trying not to gag.
“Christ, Jo, that’s awful. I had no idea, I’m sorry.”
me. Why did you kiss me?"
Callum peered up at her, blinking sleepily. "Mama..?"
“Um. Sorry. I. Um. I’ve wanted to do that for a while, now. Was that okay?”
“Okay, Jo. I'm sorry, I'm fine. It's fine.”
Jo's heart broke just a little. “Oh, sweetheart, I'm sorry. I know you were hoping that the AI would work the first time. But… I don't know, love. I think it’s just PMS. We'll wait a few more days, okay? I'll pick up a test if I don't get my period within a few days of yours.”
,” someone stage-whispered, sounding scandalized. “Although I did always think it was rather obvious.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” Mycroft replied primly. “I’m looking forward to seeing the look on your face far too much.”
"It is, yes."
Jo was quiet for a moment. Sherlock glanced uneasily at her, unsure how she would react. Jo seemed fine, since they’d talked and cried and slept, and Sherlock hoped Mrs Hudson’s prying wouldn’t change that.
“I just feel so guilty,” Jo said, her voice breaking. Her face was wet with tears when she looked up at Mrs Hudson. “I had the most awful nightmare the other night, and I just can’t shake it...”
Clint Mansell's darker, angrier take on Tchaikovsky's
They fell silent and Jo continued to work the knots out of the muscles in Sherlock's calves. Her thighs would be stiff and sore too, she knew, but that type of massage very rarely stayed fit for public places and besides, Jo wanted to get her home and tucked in bed sooner rather than later.
“Is the soup -- ?”
“Excuse me?”
Jo woke up sobbing and drenched with sweat. The cramps low in her belly sharpened, and she curled in on herself. Her breathing was harsh and ragged.
Smiling a little, Jo petted her hair. “Alright, we don’t have to talk about it. It’s okay, bee, I’m not angry with you, just worried.” Silence settled over them again. Sherlock was still crying quietly, if the growing wet spot on Jo’s jumper was any indication, but she didn’t seem to be as upset as she’d been before.
The phone rang in the middle of the night, startling Sherlock, who hadn't realized she'd fallen asleep. Sherlock grabbed for her phone and checked the caller ID -
Sherlock’s frown deepened. She swiped huffily at the tears on her cheeks, suddenly seeming annoyed with herself. “But you -- I --” she broke off, sighed. Tried again. “I
After the incident with the broken dishes, and the comfort and conversations that had followed, Sherlock felt… better. Sort of. She was no longer furiously angry, no longer felt quite so battered and bruised and broken by grief. It still hurt, of course. Far worse than Sherlock had expected. Worse, she noticed families everywhere she went. All of London seemed to have a newborn baby in their arms. But she tried not to be obvious about the fact that she was still hurting. She had Jo to take care of, after all.
“I did,” Jo confirmed, “but I really, really need a cup of coffee if I’m going to make it through the day. I’m
“I caught you watching him again today, judging his looks and apparent health. I don’t even think you were aware of it, but you kept looking from him, to me, and then down at yourself. And I know you’re not interested in him sexually or romantically, which means you weren’t checking him out. He’s not visibly injured or ill, so not a professional interest then. The only explanation is that you were considering asking him to be our donor. Simple, really.”
“I’m fine, bee. Just a little tired and queasy.”
“There’s actually something else we – Sherlock and I – wanted to ask you,” Jo cut in before Sherlock could say anything. Her stomach twisted nervously and she put her fork down.
Dr Singh cleared her throat awkwardly, interrupting. “As soon as I examine Jo and do an ultrasound, you’re both free to go home. It’s already late, I won’t keep you any longer than necessary.”
“Jo?” Sherlock repeated. “Is that -- are you listening to the heartbeat recording the midwife gave us?”
wine to go with it, though, so you can wipe that look off your face.” This last was directed at Mycroft, who was looking decidedly put-upon.
Sherlock resist the urge to roll her eyes. “You’re very clearly
“Come on, go and get a shower. You’ll feel better.” Sherlock rubbed Jo’s back, jostling her gently. “I’ll make you coffee, but only because we promised Donovan we’d give statements today and I need you there.”
Jo, who hadn't had a flashback-nightmare in months and who rarely made any sort of noise after she'd gone to bed. Normally Sherlock would just go back to her experiment - Jo was a grown woman, after all, she didn't need Sherlock peeking in on her like a nervous babysitter - but... but. Jo was afraid of thunderstorms. It was obvious from the way she'd reacted to the threat of a storm. Sherlock decided to check on her, just the once (
"Roll over and I'll work your calves for you. You’ve been working yourself to death the last few weeks, and I can see how tense your legs are from here. You're going to injure yourself, love.”
“I probably should have told you sooner. I haven’t told anyone, actually, except Mrs Hudson.”
"G'night, little one. I love you." Jo bent down to kiss Callum's cheek, then offered her hand to Sherlock, who allowed herself to be lead out onto the landing and downstairs to their bedroom.
“Thank you for tonight, bee. I’m glad we’re doing this,” Jo murmured as they were crawling into bed later that night.
Sherlock blinked herself awake and smiled sleepily at Jo. “Oh. Yes. I think it should be you who carries, at least the first one.”
“I need a shower, and then I’m going to bed. The last thing I need right now is caffeine.”
and still occasionally forgot to speak English (which was technically her second language) when she was drunk or very tired. It would be endearing, Jo thought, if it didn't make it difficult to understand her at times. Johanna Watson was good at many things, but languages were not one of them.
"G'night, little man. I love you." John bent down to kiss Hamish's cheek, then offered his hand to Sherlock, who allowed himself to be lead out onto the landing and downstairs to their bedroom.
“Yes, he was.” They stand there for a moment, awkwardly silent, until Jo breaks it again: “ThismightbetotallyinappropriateandIhardlyknowyoubutI’velikedyouallsemesterexceptIsortofassumedyouwerestraightandnowthatIknowyou’renotwillyougooutwithme?” The words came out all in a rush, and she clapped a hand over her mouth.
grief and pain, and on everything she had stored in her Mind Palace about comforting a loved one, on being supportive and caring and as helpful as possible. Sherlock was so absorbed in figuring out how best to take care of Jo, she barely noticed when her thoughts turned into uncomfortable dreams as she fell into a restless, shallow sleep.
"Mmhmmm...."
“Mmn, fine,” Jo grumbled, “I'm up.” She pushed herself to her feet, feeling more than a little weak and off-balance but not wanting Sherlock to see. She made it most of the way to the bathroom door before she had to stop, clinging to the door frame, black spots clouding her vision.
A knock on the open door interrupted Sherlock’s reply. “Sorry to interrupt Dr Watson, but the ultrasound machine will be free in a few minutes, so I thought I’d come in and have a look before that happens.”
sleep.” Jo pushed herself into a more upright position, leaning on Sherlock as the room swam just slightly around her.
Jo laughed quietly and pressed a kiss into Sherlock’s hair. “We’re having a baby, sleepyhead.”
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully but didn’t answer. Assuming she was thinking of a response or another question, Jo stayed quiet, waiting. Minutes ticked by slowly, and soon Jo heard Sherlock’s breathing slow and felt it turn into sleepy, snuffly puffs against her neck. Jo smiled softly and snuggled closer to her, hitching the duvet up further over her shoulder, and was asleep within moments.
“Yeah, it’s fine.”
“Jo?”
grief, both of ours. I should have been there for you. I’m sorry I wasn’t.” She ran soothing fingers through Sherlock’s curls, untangling them. “But I’m here now, alright? You don’t have to be alone anymore.”
“No, no…” Jo murmured. “No, sweetheart. Don’t apologize. Shh, no. I wanted to, love. I wouldn’t have said yes if I hadn’t. Shh…” she trailed off, drawing Sherlock closer, into her lap, and rocking her slightly. “It’s alright, sweetheart. Shh, it’s okay now. I’ve got you.” Sherlock was shaking in her arms, her thin shoulders heaving as she fought to draw breath. Clearly, Jo thought, it wasn’t just guilt about having asked Jo to carry their baby that had her in tears -- it was likely
“Oh, I know that feeling,” Mrs Hudson said wryly. “What’s a woman worth if she can’t have children, right?” Her voice turned gentle again. “It eats at you, that guilt. But you can’t let it.”
Sherlock glanced over at Jo. She was curled on her side, facing away from her - she looked like she was sleeping. Looking back up at the nurse, Sherlock nodded silently, deciding not to disturb her for the moment.
Sherlock smiled and sniffled, curling into Jo and burying her face in her shoulder without disentangling their hands. “Thank you. I love you.”
“M’fine,” Jo insisted, panting slightly as she tried to get her breathing under control. “Go back to sleep.”
Sherlock chews her lip for a moment, thinking, then grins. “Bonney,” she says, decisively. “After the pirate, of course, but also because she’s pretty.”
Mycroft smirked, but didn’t reply. He didn’t have to: Greg knew he cared more for his baby sister than he let on, and was well aware of how soft Sherlock could be behind the prickly masks she wore.
The offer shocked Sherlock slightly. She blinked. “What?”
"Poor love. You're safe now, it's alright. Try to go back to sleep."
“But what, bee?” Jo asked, pulling back slightly to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “Everything okay?”
failed.”
“You must,” Jo assured her. “Everything’s almost ready, I’m just doing the salad and garlic bread. Greg, you want a beer?”
“N-not until Wednesday,” Sherlock stammered, distracted by the feeling of Jo’s hands on her.
Sherlock half-wakes some time later to warm sunlight and Jo’s fingers in her hair. She hums contentedly and curls around Jo, her head in her lap.
Jo smiled and kissed her gently. “I’m sure, love.” She sounded confident for the first time since Sherlock had approached her with the suggestion. “I think it’s a great idea.”
“Love you too, sweetheart.”
It didn't take long for Hamish to calm down once he'd curled up with his father, and he was asleep again in minutes. Sherlock smiled fondly and pressed a kiss to the boy's curls. He'd stay there for a little while - just until John got home. Or at least, that's what he told himself before falling asleep with Hamish tucked securely against his chest.
Sherlock woke, hours later, to the feeling of John's hand in his hair. (Of course he knew it was John's hand - obvious.) He carefully shifted Hamish just far enough for him to get out of the small bed, running a gentle hand through the boy's hair when he murmured discontentedly.
Jo didn’t come back downstairs for the rest of the day. In fact, the only time Sherlock saw her for the next
Within seconds, he was up the stairs, peeking in the doorway of his son's bedroom. Hamish was huddled against his headboard, crying and calling for John. The knot of panic in Sherlock's chest loosened, concern taking its place. It was only a nightmare.
? You're not the one who's waiting to be judged!"
After a long moment, Sherlock felt a hand on her shoulder. She lifted her head to find the nurse from earlier looking down at her, her expression sympathetic. “I’m so sorry, dear,” she said softly. “Losing a baby is heartbreaking.”
“I'm alright,” Jo assured her. “I got up too fast, is all. It's already mostly passed.” And it had. Her vision had cleared and her head had more or less stopped spinning.  She did still feel a bit weak and shaky, though, so she decided that it was probably best to stay where Sherlock had put her.
Sherlock blushed, annoyed at herself for being embarrassed. "To watch," she responded shortly.
don’t want to know? You’re always reassuring me, but will
Jo rolled her eyes. “Hush, you. This is important and you know it, so please be nice.”
Jo hung back by the door, breathing shallowly through her mouth and trying to ignore the smell while still concentrating on what Donovan and Sherlock were saying. It wasn’t working. She could tell that both of the other women were bothered by the smell, judging by Sherlock’s slight frown and the grimace lingering at the corners of Donovan’s mouth, but neither of them seemed to be having any trouble examining the bodies.
"Sherlock? Are you alright?"
It took less than two full days for Jo to get frustrated with Sherlock’s anxious hovering. She meant well, Jo knew, and she appreciated the concern. It was just - too much, at times. Sherlock, aside from the evident anxiety about Jo’s wellbeing, seemed unmoved by the loss of their baby. The coddling made Jo feel like an invalid, and like she was overreacting to what was, essentially, a particularly nasty period. Jo had been curled up on the couch with a hot water bottle and crap telly when she’d finally had enough.
"Of course not." Jo kissed her cheek again and shifted to sit at the opposite end of the sofa, pulling Sherlock's feet into her lap.
"Johanna had asked me to, ah, assist them, yes," Mycroft replied. "But Sherlock hadn't informed me that the first attempt at artificial insemination had been successful. I was alerted when she was admitted to hospital, and naturally I contacted Sherlock the following morning. I do not believe they would have told me, otherwise. As far as I know, no one save myself and Mrs. Hudson is aware."
"If I call her mobile, will she be able to answer it?”
Jo inhaled sharply and choked on her wine; Sherlock leaned over and thumped her on the back until her coughing subsided. “That doesn’t actually work, you know,” Jo informed her once she’d caught her breath.
Jo looked at Sherlock and raised an eyebrow. Sherlock nodded back, squeezing her hand tight. “I think we should do both,” Jo said firmly. “Especially since my hCG is low. It’s better safe than sorry, right?”
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock said, putting the kettle on and sitting next to Jo at the table.
There was a long silence then. Jo lifted her head from her hands and finally allowed herself to lean on Mrs Hudson’s shoulder, who wrapped her arm around her.
Jo smiled a weak, watery smile and held out one of the earbuds. “Do you think it would have been a boy or a girl? If I hadn’t….”
Jo thought. “It’s up to you of course,” she backtracked, “it’s your body after all, so ultimately you get to decide.”
. You need to eat."
“Sure, love. Take care of each other, alright? Johanna’s one of our best doctors, and a good friend.”
Sherlock packed up her bag and costume in a hurry, eager to go find Jo. She was almost certain that she’d been in the audience during adjudication, but in all of the excitement afterwards she’d lost track of her. Finally escaping the pressing crowd of dancers, Sherlock waved goodbye to Molly and headed back through the backstage area to where, hopefully, Jo would be waiting for her.
Sherlock pulls back and beams at her, her eyes brimming with tears again. “I love her. I love
“But I --?”
Sherlock’s nose wrinkled. “We used
Sherlock shook her head without looking up and tried to shrink away from Jo’s touch, but said nothing.
“No, you don’t. You dragged me to
"O - o - okay..." His voice caught on a sob and he buried his face in Sherlock's chest, sniffling and fighting to calm himself down.
lost the baby too, even if she hadn’t been the one carrying it.
making
Sherlock thought that Jo must have been mulling it over throughout the whole case. So had she, actually – it was very distracting. “Couldn’t we just use an anonymous donor and have done with?” she asked, her voice muffled by the oversized t-shirt she was pulling over her head.
apartment now – sitting room later that night.
It was Sherlock’s turn to frown, then. She hadn’t realised that it was still affecting Jo so much, that Jo – the strongest person she knew – didn’t think herself strong enough to handle that possibility. It surprised her, but perhaps it shouldn’t have, and Sherlock suddenly felt a lot less confident in her decision to try again. “Are you sure? If you don’t want to take the risk of losing another pregnancy… I don’t want to hurt you. That’s the last thing on Earth I want.”
Donovan was waiting for them outside when they arrived at the address she’d given them. “Holmes, Watson,” she greeted them. “Thanks for coming out, I know it’s late. Didn’t interrupt date night again, did I?”
[14:35] Good. I’m happy for you. -JWH
Curling in on herself even further, Sherlock shook her head again. Fine tremors wracked her body as if she was suppressing more sobs, but she stayed silent.
A nurse knocked on the open door frame. “Dr Singh, the lab results for Dr Watson are here.”
“Jo! Come look at this!” Sherlock called from where she was poking at the first victim’s slit throat.
Sherlock blushed, trying to subdue her smile enough to kiss Jo. It didn’t quite work; the kiss was messy and uncoordinated, their teeth knocking together a bit, and Jo laughed into Sherlock’s mouth. “I’m so proud of you,” she said, sobering slightly, “I know how much this competition meant to you.” She stretched up on her toes to kiss Sherlock’s forehead, then stepped back and held out the forgotten bouquet of flowers. “Oh! Here, I got you these. It’s not much, but I wanted to get you something.
Sherlock came home from Bart’s one day a few weeks later to find Jo sitting at the kitchen table, surrounded by chemistry detritus and computer print-outs, sipping a cup of tea and looking very, very serious.
be the child’s father, Mycroft?” Sherlock asked once the blush had faded out of her cheeks. “You won’t be able to influence or manipulate their schooling or what have you, unless we ask you for advice. And you don’t have a claim to custody.”
“Jo -”
“About what?”
She’d beaten Adler -- won the category, in fact --
“I… okay, yes. I haven’t let myself hope because I don’t want to be wrong. I didn’t realise how badly I wanted this until it became a real possibility.” Jo was blushing and refused to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “I’m sorry, I know it’s stupid.”
“Why was she admitted? She was fine when she left. What's wrong? Is she alright?”
Greg pulled back from where he’d been leaning against Mycroft’s shoulder. “Don’t let her catch you talking like that,” he said, his voice full of laughter. “She’s got a reputation to uphold after all.”
Jo only ever called Sherlock
, isn’t it better to know for sure?”
Jo blinked herself awake what could have been either minutes or hours later. “Wake up, love,” she said, nudging Sherlock.
“I suppose.”
“I mean, I definitely think we should talk about it again when you’re more awake,” Jo agreed, “but to tell you the truth, I was sort of hoping that I’d be the one carrying the baby.”
“Your birthday present,” she answers, shifting slightly away from Sherlock to face her more fully and pulling a small, blanket wrapped bundle of fuzz into her lap.
“Well, what do you think, then?” Jo prompted after a few minutes. “Do think he’d say yes?”
“It’s fine, sweetheart.” Jo kissed her cheek and settled more closely against her side.
with her -- "but
“I’m sorry, love. I should have talked to you then. But my point is, the nightmare I had… it was this little girl, not old enough to be --” she broke off and shuddered “-- you know. But I knew, in the dream, that that’s what she was. And she was holding a baby… she asked me why I didn’t want them. Why I didn’t love them.”
Sherlock’s crashing and yelling must have woken Mrs Hudson as well. She appeared in her bedroom doorway wrapped in a dressing gown. “That had better be her chemistry equipment she’s smashing and not my china!” she said by way of greeting.
? Really?” Jo giggled. “I can’t imagine anyone dating
is what I need at the moment.”
Within seconds she was upstairs, peering into her son's room. Callum was huddled against his headboard, crying and calling for Jo. The knot of panic in Sherlock's chest loosened, concern taking its place. It had just been a nightmare.
Greg smiled at Mycroft and took his hand. “I initially thought he asked me to coffee to talk about you, honestly,” he told Sherlock. “I didn’t think he was interested.”
Sherlock looked like she wanted to roll her eyes. Jo smiled. “Thanks. It’s not quite that easy, though, as you might imagine…”
They were both crying at this point, hot tears streaming down their faces and soaking Sherlock’s shirt. Neither of them made any move to wipe them away, though.
"Of course. I’ll wash your hair for you, if you like." Jo stood up and offered her hand to Sherlock, who groaned as her feet hit the floor.
Sherlock frowned, but pulled Jo closer. “You know what I’m going to say, I hope,” she said, kissing her head.
“Apologies,” Mycroft said primly. “This wine is excellent, by the way, Johanna,” he added, lifting his glass to her.
Sherlock flung herself at Jo, running her shaking hands over every part of her she could reach, both reassuring herself of Jo’s existence and checking for any obvious damage. “Jo! Are you - I thought - are - ?”
Sherlock perked up a little. “I suppose that could be acceptable…”
“Well, we’ll see, dear,” Mrs Hudson said, and winked at her.
"Jo? It's Sherlock. Can I come in?"
“Sorry, love, it’s my only night off this week. I didn’t want to be on call during what could be one of the most important conversations of our life.”
Sherlock’s heart sank. “Oh. Alright, I - yes. I’ll just… I’ll leave you alone, then.”
things like that, it’s
Sherlock rolled her eyes. “He was an idiot.”
“It wasn’t as bad as it could have been, I suppose,” Sherlock agreed.
“Well I dunno, you did alright with Gracie last week. She had a brilliant time.”
Sherlock had no experience with panic attacks, and Jo's advice of "just leave me alone. I'll be fine in a bit" from just after she'd moved in didn't seem as appropriate now as it had then. But a PTSD episode would be different from a regular panic attack, and she would need to know which one it was before she could help.
“The pelvic exam is more conclusive, right? Since the heartbeat can sometimes be hard to hear?”
“Well… When I was looking for ways to help you feel better, some of the sites suggested that we make a keepsake of sorts. I thought we could get a sonogram printed and framed. We could put it on the mantle.” Sherlock paused, then smiled crookedly. “It could keep the skull company.”
Another crash sounded from the upstairs flat and Jo winced - it sounded like whatever it was had hit the door to the staircase. “On second thought,” she said, “maybe you're right. I'll go check on her when she's stopped throwing things.”
Sherlock hesitated, having figured out exactly where Jo was going with this line of questioning and not liking it -- mostly because she knew she was right. "...Yes, obviously."
Sherlock nodded slightly. “Please.” The precise control she usually maintained over mind and body meant that she didn’t burst into tears the moment Mrs Hudson was kind to her, but it was a close thing. She wrapped her arms around her belly, her shoulders hunched, and tried to blink the sudden burn of tears out of her eyes.
“Mm?” Jo shook herself awake and shifted to sit up straighter. She and Sherlock had been curled up on the couch together after supper, and she must have dozed off at some point. “What am I right about?”
“You stop that right now, Jo Watson. Losing your little one was a terrible thing, but it was absolutely
nervous? What about
“Could you two give it a rest for just a few minutes?” Jo demanded eventually, frustrated by the tense silence that neither she nor Greg had dared break. “I’d really just like for us to have a nice dinner.”
"Yes, alright then."
"Arsehole," Jo said, trying (and mostly succeeding) to smile at her. "You were worried about me. "
“Well, that’s definitely something we’ll have to decide on, then.”
“You've never complained about normal smells before,” Sherlock pointed out, turning to peer intently at Jo.
"Oh, no thank you, dear, I'm going for lunch with Mrs. Turner today."
is exactly why we’re going home once you’ve finished your sandwich,” Jo informed her, rolling her eyes, “because I also know for a fact that you didn’t count Sunday, and you were here all day.”
“Yes, I am. And I’m right about this, too. You need to take a pregnancy test.”
Jo woke up slowly, swimming towards consciousness as though through heavy fog. There was a warm weight next to her hip, a gentle hand in her hair.
“We’re alright,” Jo affirmed, taking Sherlock’s hand. “We’ll be alright.”
"Yeah, bee?"
Sherlock hummed what sounded like an agreement and tucked herself impossibly closer to Jo. The last little bit of tension drained out of her and her breathing softened into a slow, even rhythm. She was sound asleep within minutes.
“Yes, but Sherlock -”
“Fine, then you can keep playing hostess. Be charming and entertaining for ten more minutes while I finish dinner.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, smiling shyly. She gently disentangled one of her hands to pick her fork back up, but didn’t let go of the Jo’s other hand until they’d both finished their meals.
[09:23]
“I’ve been so worried about the two of you. How are you?”
The professor slammed his notes down on his desk. “I’ve had enough interruptions for one day, thank you. Watson, Holmes,
[09:20]
"Thank you." Jo leaned down again and kissed the back of the other knee. "Besides, I've missed you, it'll be nice to have an afternoon to just laze around the flat."
"I know dancing is important to you, and I'm so proud of you for working so hard while balancing school and everything else, but I'm worried about you, sweetheart. I know I've said it a million times, but you're working yourself too hard."
"I - I just thought... sorry, I just, I've wanted to for a while now, but I didn't know if you'd want me to, and then you wouldn't shut up and I just... sorry, just forget about it."
Sherlock made a small, unhappy noise and pressed her face further into Jo’s stomach.
“Yes, Holmes?” The professor sounded more than a little bit resigned to being corrected
Jo laughed and kissed the side of her head, more than used to her girlfriend's dramatics. "Well, it's not long now until the adjudication. Why don't you head backstage? See if Molly's around?"
“That’s what I thought. Let me in, dear, I’ve brought you soup.”
“Is that… are you saying yes?” Sherlock asked hesitantly. She looked like she wanted to smile, like she wanted to laugh with joy, but she wasn’t allowing herself to. Not until she was sure.
"Yes," he replied, shifting Hamish so he could get up without disturbing him too much. "Goodnight, love."
"Maybe a good storm will give us a break from this heat," Jo commented, and then flinched when lightning flashed through the living room of 221b. It had been nearly a week and a half of sticky, smoggy, oppressive heat and humidity, and both Sherlock and Jo - Sherlock especially, overgrown child that she was - were listless and a bit snappish. Sherlock could go a few days on hardly any sleep, but heat made her stroppy. Jo, on the other hand, didn't mind the heat so much, but found it difficult to sleep when it was so humid, which left her overtired and grumpy.
“I don’t think I could stay awake through a whole movie, at this point.”
Sherlock decided that he'd stay for just a few minutes - just long enough to make sure Hamish didn't have another nightmare. At least, that's what he told himself, before he fell asleep with his son wrapped securely in his arms.
It suddenly occurred to Sherlock that it wasn’t just Jo who could be in danger - what if something had happened to the baby? Jo was barely eight weeks pregnant… any number of things could have happened to either or both of them. Sherlock’s stomach dropped as another flood possibilities rushed through her mind.
John turns towards the window to hide his smile. Sherlock Holmes, the most arrogant man in London, never signed texts that could be considered 'sentimental'. He claimed it was because he was busy or that he forgot, but John knew he was just (adorably) embarrassed and a little shy, still.
“I know what you mean, love.” Jo, more awake now, stifled a laugh. “How did you know I wanted to suggest Lestrade, though? I haven’t said anything.”
“J'veux faire quelque chose d’interessant,” Sherlock complained, obviously still mostly asleep. Jo shifted Sherlock’s legs out of her lap and scooted around to sit by her head instead.
“They’re beautiful, thank you.” Sherlock buried her nose in the flowers to hide her blush as Jo’s hands settled, low and possessive, on her hips.
“Alright, then. I suppose, if you really want to…” Sherlock teased, allowing Jo to manhandle her to her feet.
be alright if it didn’t take?”
“Come on, bee, up you get. I want to shower and go to bed.”
Sherlock’s arms tightened almost convulsively around Jo, hugging her impossibly closer. “You don’t have to. I’m… not sure how I feel about it, either. It’s been difficult, seeing you hurting and not knowing what to do about it. And… losing the baby, that was. Not good.”
, was… good. There was no harm in it, Sherlock decided, if a bit hesitantly. “I… yes, alright. Yes.”
[09:23]
, of course it affected you more strongly, you
, she realised,
“I’ve been doing some thinking,” Jo informed her, trying to look serious despite the smile playing at the corners of her mouth.
“Sherlock…” Jo started, hesitantly, “a baby isn’t a science experiment, love. It’s a permanent decision. It’s not something we can change our minds about, when they’re two months old and screaming and you haven’t slept properly in over a week. A baby isn’t something you can get bored of and abandon.”
They ended up talking for several more hours, about anything and everything that came to mind. Jo, who had never been particularly close with her mother, was grateful to have Mrs Hudson to talk to about what had happened. Talking about the nightmare she had had, about how guilty she felt about the miscarriage and the almost-forgotten abortion, helped to clear both her head and her conscience.
“No, you’re not. Take a deep breath, Jo.” Sherlock instructed softly.
“You’re less idiotic and more tolerable than most, and you’re practically family. Naturally you’re the best choice among available options.”
“Well,” Jo started, hesitant, “you wouldn’t be able to chase criminals all over London once you started to show. Even before that, it may not be safe. And you’d have to stop experimenting with anything toxic.”
to be disappointed, or because
“There, you see!” Sherlock sounded triumphant, and Jo grinned to herself. Despite being a chemistry major, Sherlock could correct most of the profs in the required introductory courses. Jo could picture her self-satisfied grin and the slight blush she knew would be on those sharp cheekbones – Sherlock may be outspoken, but she could also be painfully shy, and it showed in the way her face flamed every time she spoke up in class. “Very little of the data – if you can call it that – you’re presenting is applicable to queer people, and it’s absurd to leave out such a significant portion of the population.”
"You know, I can dry myself off," Sherlock commented, sounding content and relaxed despite her protests.
but there's so much to learn and so many different styles and techniques that I have to know, and the competition scene is changing so that you have to have more and more difficult tricks to have any chance at placing..." Sherlock broke off, gasping a little and pretending that the moisture on her cheeks was entirely from the shower.
“Mrs Hudson, you are a saint.” Jo said, leaving the bedroom wrapped up in one of Sherlock's many dressing gowns. “Let me help you with that.”
[09:19]
“Thank you,” Sherlock said quietly. She leaned her head against Jo, who turned and kissed her temple.
“Here, yes. Thank you, Anthea.” Mycroft gestured to the chairs across from him, and Sherlock and Jo sat wordlessly.
“We tried it that way first, actually. I. Um. I had a miscarriage a few months ago, and we haven’t really been trying since then.”
“I’m sorry, I had no idea.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock says again, softly, when their laughter has quieted.
“They must have been devastated,” Greg said thoughtfully a few minutes later. “No wonder it’s taken them this long to try again.”
"Thank you." Sherlock got to her feet and stretched, her hands above her head and her back arched as far as it would go, her spine clicking as the vertebrae realigned themselves.
“Mm, thank you.”
“Of course we are, sweetheart. Why would you ask that?” Jo tried to pull her close, but Sherlock was stiff and uncomfortable.
Sherlock hesitated, flushing. “I… we had an argument, two days ago. She hasn’t spoken to me since, and I don’t think she’s been eating… She’s been upstairs in her old bedroom, and she won’t let me in.”
Jo smiled weakly. “I don’t think I can face her just yet. I feel bad, I should have been taking care of her and instead I snapped at her and told her off for trying to help. I just - I can’t, yet. Is that awful?”
"It's good to see you, too," Jo said wryly. She kicked off her street shoes and padded across the studio to sit in front of Sherlock. "I missed you, and I had the day off, and I know you haven't been eating lunch while you've been rehearsing so much, so I brought you lunch. Which you will eat."
Sherlock reluctantly stopped and turned around, looking wary. “I’m sorry I got you kicked out of class,” she said stiffly. “It wasn’t my intention.”
“Johanna,” Sherlock said, frustrated by her stubborn denial. “You had
“Yes, Mrs Hudson. Thank you.”
Jo sniffled and frowned, slightly taken aback by Sherlock’s quiet confession. “You seemed so unaffected by it, after the first few days... “ she trailed off, a guilty expression crossing her face, then shook her head. “I’m so sorry, love. I should know better than that by now. I know you’re not the unfeeling arse you like to pretend to be.” The joke fell slightly flat. “Are you alright, sweetheart? I feel like we’ve hardly spoken lately.”
“Johanna, I know you’re in there. Please let me in.”
“It does? It’s kind of a big decision to make at one in the morning.” Sherlock suddenly looked a bit uncertain.
Sherlock nodded and untangled herself from Jo. She sat up and pulled her dressing gown close around herself, curling her knees up under her chin.
"Shh, love. He just had to go in to work."
After a few minutes, Jo took a deep breath. “Sherlock, I… I don’t think I can do that again. I’m nearly forty, the chances of miscarrying will only get higher and I just --” she cut herself off, suppressing a sob. “I couldn’t handle going through that again. It just hurts too much.”
“Help me set the table, would you, love?” Jo asked, poking her head into the lounge from the kitchen. Greg and Mycroft had arrived a few minutes before, but Jo had been stuck in the kitchen making sure nothing boiled over or got cross-contaminated with the poison and antidote analyses Sherlock had left sitting on the counter.
"Yes, all right, Miss Thing." Jo dragged her thumbnail up the arch of Sherlock's foot, tickling, making her squirm and giggle. "You need a shower, love."
Jo pulled her back in and tucked a loose curl behind Sherlock's ear, laying her hand gently on her cheek. “No! No, sweetheart, no. That's not it. I must be due for my period, my boobs are killing me. I'm sorry, it's nothing you've done.”
“Sherlock…” Jo rubbed at her forehead, where the start of a headache was threatening. Sulky Sherlock was much more difficult to get into proper clothing than flirty Sherlock, which was what Jo had been hoping for. “Come on, you agreed that we should ask Greg sooner rather than later. Let’s just get it over with, hmm?”
“And what, love?” Jo prompted. “What were you going to suggest?”
Sherlock pouted, but followed Molly over to the stage to wait with the other soloists. The last performer had just finished and the rest of the dancers were being slowly shepherded onto the stage to sit under the hot, bright lights while the judges finished calculated the scores.
“So… will you adopt, or, um…” Greg looked like he knew
“Well, why not? We can pick someone who looks vaguely like you, any decent sperm bank tests for safety and quality… it makes sense. If it’s the cost that concerns you, I already told you it’s a nonissue.”
"Sure, love. The last thing you need is another blood blister under your nail." She bent her head to press a kiss to the bit of Sherlock's foot she was currently digging her thumb into, but pulled back quickly. "Ugh. I didn't notice earlier, but your feel smell
“Thank you, Mycroft, I like it too,” Jo said, taking a sip from her own wineglass. “So. How did this happen, then?” She gestured between Greg and Mycroft with her fork.
Jo kissed her cheek, fond and mock-exasperated. “Oh shut up, you git. You love having your hair washed for you.”
“Hush, now,” Mrs Hudson chided. “You just drink your tea, and I’ll fix you a bite to eat before I go upstairs to your Johanna, shall I?”
“Go on, then, what is it?” Greg asked. He shot Mycroft a look. “And don’t you deduce it, it’s clearly important to them.”
“Of course, dear.”
Sherlock sprang to her feet, pacing the small kitchen restlessly. “No. Well, yes. Sort of. I -” she stopped and ran her hand through her curls. “I’m not even sure I should tell you, Jo should be the one to - but I can’t, she -”
body anymore – you’d have to share it with the baby for nine months. You’d have to start taking proper care of yourself, too, eating and sleeping regularly.”
“And, would you say, that we've done everything right in trying to conceive?”
“Oh, bee, no. That’s not us. You’ve taken such good care of me, and from now on I’m going to take care of you.” Jo took Sherlock’s hand, raised it to her mouth, and kissed her wedding ring, the palm of her hand, her wrist. “I promised you, the day I put this ring on your finger, that I would always, always take care of you. I’m sorry you’ve been anxious about this, but you don’t have to be. I love you, and nothing can change that.”
Jo stirred, blinking sleepy eyes up at Sherlock. “Yes, please. Call a taxi, would you, bee?”
Eventually, Sherlock sat back and looked intently at Jo. “I was meant to be comforting you,” she frowned, “not the other way around.”
Eventually the medals, scholarships, and other awards were announced, but by then Sherlock had tuned them out, searching the crowed for Jo and trying to deduce the other spectators through the stage lights.
[14:22] Sherlock told me about you and Mycroft. Congrats. I think. -JWH
“Yes.” Jo kissed her cheek. “I already feel better, but I don't think going back in there is a good idea.”
“About us. And about babies. And, well, about how the idea of
Sherlock shook her head and stood stiffly, pacing away from Jo’s hospital bed before turning back to face Jo. She didn’t say anything, just blinked owlishly.
Jo sighed, rubbing at the spot on her forehead where a headache threatened.“I know you do, sweetheart. And I appreciate it, I do. Just… I’m fine, okay? I don’t need to be coddled constantly.”
Sherlock hesitated. Mrs Hudson had been the only person they’d told about the pregnancy, and she clearly didn’t know yet that Jo had miscarried - was it Sherlock’s place to tell her?
“Sorry about all that. Are you alright?”
“So what should we name her, then, hm? You pick, since she’s your present.”
Sherlock scowled, which made Greg snicker. “If I must.”
After a few minutes, Callum's cries slowed and he looked up at Sherlock. "Mummy? Wh - where's Mama?"
Sherlock nodded and left, picking her way through the audience. Jo watched her go,
“Nothing too fancy, I just threw some pasta and prawns in with alfredo sauce. I’ve got salad, bread, and
capable of both reading the pamphlets they leave in the waiting room and using the internet.”
"Come with me?"
“I betcha I can change your mind for you!” the would-be frat boy replied,
Jo kissed the top of her head. “We really are.”
She was trying to figure out, exactly, how long the young person sitting in the second row had known they were pregnant when Molly suddenly started yelling her name and shaking her. "You won! Sherlock! You got platinum!"
There was a small, scattered round of applause when some of the less-stressed dancers caught sight of Sherlock. She blushed and sketched an awkward little half-curtsy in acknowledgment, embarrassed and pleased and unable to wipe the grin off her face. She was more than a little bit shocked at the other dancer’s reactions -- she wasn’t especially well-loved at the studio, workaholic introvert that she was -- but it was nice to be recognized.
Jo smiled wanly and squeezed Sherlock’s free hand. “I’m alright, love. He didn’t know, it’s okay.”
“I'm fine, love.”
“I thought you’d stopped drinking coffee, since we we started trying?”
This didn't turn out at all the way I was expecting it to, but I'm rather pleased with it.
“Obviously, yes, it's hard not to when everyone insists on buying you baby dolls,” Sherlock said, making a small, dismissive gesture under the blankets. “But I mean, more recently. As an adult, have you ever… thought about it?”
"Did you know about Jo? About the miscarriage?" Greg asked Mycroft as they settled onto the couch in Mycroft’s –
“Sorry, dear, I shouldn’t pry. But I
Jo laughed. “Several, huh? Alright, yes, you stubborn git, I’ll take one now. You might have to help me, though, I’m not overly steady.”
Jo sighed and shook her head, lay her hand over Sherlock’s on the countertop between them. “It’s fine, love.” A pause. “I know you’d be careful, just… it’s a really big commitment, and a huge change. It wouldn’t just be
(See the end of the chapter for
Eventually Jo shifted in her seat and opened her mouth, but she closed it again without saying anything, looking uncomfortable.
“You could barely stay awake through dinner, and didn't so much as stir when I got up this morning. Clearly you needed the sleep.”
Jo wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s waist, pulling her closer. “Are you alright, sweetheart? You’re shaking a bit.”
that,” Sherlock protested, “and I wouldn’t get bored of it, or abandon it. It’d be interesting, yes, but more than that. It’d be a new
“I wanted her to be compassionate, like you. To have your kindness, and your bravery.”
"Shh, love, you're alright. Shh. Did you have a nightmare?" Sherlock asked gently, rocking a little to try and soothe him.
“But…”
bad, did she?). “Oh, Sherlock, love, come in! Is everything alright? It’s been so quiet up there the last few days.”
Sherlock frowned, wrapping her arm around Jo and taking more of her weight. “You’re unwell.”
“I am not a
would be our donor this time. You’re – well, you’re one of our closest friends, and especially now that you and Mycroft are together –”
A few days after the Egg Incident, as Sherlock had taken to calling it in her head, Detective Inspector Sally Donovan rang to request Sherlock’s help at a crime scene. Sherlock's working relationship with Donovan had drastically improved since she'd been forced to go over all of Sherlock's cases with a fine-toothed comb after her Fall, and since Sherlock had given up on treating her like an idiot. The confidence boost the promotion had given her didn't hurt, either.
“Nothing, love,” Jo said fondly, smoothing a hand over her hair. “Go back to sleep.”
," Jo replied, smiling fondly at the memory of how excited Sherlock had been.
Jo's arms wrapped around her waist and squeezed gently. "Do you still want to watch a movie, or do you just want to go to sleep?"
“Good.”
use that word in relation to my disgusting prat of a brother.”
“Best to give her some time to cool off first, I think,” replied Mrs Hudson, bustling into the kitchen. “Since we’re both up, I may as well make us some breakfast.”
“Are you really fine, or are you just saying that so I'll go back to kissing you?” Jo asked, trying to lighten Sherlock’s mood.
Jo had finally gotten Sherlock to agree to watch
“Do you want to talk about the nightmare?” Sherlock asked.
“Yes. I
Jo kissed her softly. “It’s alright, bee. Come on, the dishes can wait.” She kissed her again, this time with more heat. “Come to bed and I'll take your mind off it.”
Sherlock scoffed, but crossed the kitchen and bent to kiss Jo anyway. “Good morning.”
"Shh, Callum, it's alright. I'm here," she said soothingly, moving to sit on the edge of the bed and pulling Callum into her lap. The boy sobbed ("Mama...") and wound his arms and legs around his mother's torso, clinging to her shirt. "Shh, you're alright..."
,” Sherlock repeated. “Jo, it worked! We’re - you’re -”
“Jo. Of course I knew who you were considering,” Sherlock replied in her best ‘aloof-consulting-detective’ voice, which had long since stopped being effective on Jo.
“There, enough of that now,” the nurse said soothingly. “Your Johanna is going to be fine, but she needs you to be strong for her now. Can you do that?”
“Hmm. I love you too.” Relaxing back against Jo, Sherlock buried her face in the crook of her neck. Within moments she was a warm, sleepy weight in Jo’s arms.
"You just what, love?"
, not about anything important, and I just didn’t know what to do or say. I just -- I need you to tell me how to help. Please?
“Of course, love. Come on, let’s go lay down for a while.” Jo cupped Sherlock’s face in both hands, kissing her cheeks, nose, forehead, and finally her lips before taking her hand and leading her into their bedroom.
“I'll be right back, okay?” Jo said quietly a few minutes later. “I'm just going to get you some tissue.”
“That explains the soup,” Jo said. “I know it wasn’t my fault. Logically, I know that. There’s nothing I could have done, and I tell patients the same thing. But I just… god, I can’t stop thinking of all the things I could have done differently. I stopped taking the prenatal vitamins the midwife recommended, did you know? They made me ill.” Jo paused. She set the barely-touched bowl of soup down and buried her face in her hands.
Sherlock tipped her head back so she could speak and rinse her hair without getting shampoo and water in her mouth. "I know, Jo, I've missed you, too. And I don't mean to worry you. I just..."
“Yes, thank you.” Sherlock had hardly heard a word of what the receptionist had said beyond
"I've missed you," Jo admitted. "We sleep in the same bed every night, but I feel like I haven't seen you in ages."
“If you say so,” Sherlock said, unconvinced.
"I'm sorry," Jo said, smirking at her, "am I distracting you?"
“I don’t believe Johanna would have been inclined to try again, had it not been for my sister’s influence.”
“Of course.” Another kiss, this time to Jo’s cheek. “It wasn’t your fault, Jo. Miscarriage is no one’s fault, I know you know that. You’re an excellent doctor, after all. It just happens sometimes.”
. Tout le monde la connait, c’est ennuyeuse.”
Jo forced herself to take a deep breath and try again at a more normal speed. “I said, I’d spent the whole semester wrongly assuming you were straight, but now that I know better… will you go out with me? Just for coffee or something?”
. Jo was on her feet in an instant, intending to go upstairs and see what was going on.
“Thank you, bee. I know it’s mad, but I needed to hear that.”
Sherlock hesitated, unsure of what she was meant to do and not wanting to get it wrong and crowd her, but after a moment Jo stuck out a hand. Still shaking, wants physical comfort and/or reassurance. "Please?"
“It worked,” she echoed. “Sherlock, you were right! It worked! I’m pregnant!”
“About asking Lestrade to act as donor for us. For me, specifically, I mean. Well. For you too, but I think it would make more sense for Mycroft to be the donor if you’re the one carrying because then the child would have genes from both of us, which is, ideally, what you want. But Lestrade is practically family by now anyway, and Mrs. H adores him so she would approve. Not that we need anyone’s permission, I just mean –” Sherlock tripped over her words in her hurry to get them all out, and eventually cut herself off, her cheeks glowing pink in the dim light.
“Well, I mean, I think most little girls dream of growing up, getting married, and having a baby,” Jo answered, a bit awkwardly.
Sherlock was sitting cross-legged in the centre of the bed wearing an old, worn tank top and soft flannel pyjama bottoms, brushing out her long, dark hair. Despite the bright midday sun outside the room was dimly lit, the heavy curtains drawn nearly shut against the light. Sitting there, Sherlock looked soft and warm and beautifully
“Which one?”
Sherlock kissed the laughter out of Jo’s mouth. It was messy and uncoordinated, both of them smiling too much to properly kiss. But with all ten positive tests on the kitchen table behind them and Sherlock’s hands covering Jo’s on her still-flat stomach, it was absolutely perfect.
Today, though, was the last straw. Sherlock had been in the studio nearly constantly for the past week and a half without a single day off, and when Jo had seen her that morning she'd looked thinner than usual, with dark circles under her eyes and shaking hands. That had been at five that morning when Sherlock had been banging around the flat getting her things together and Jo had shuffled out of bed to make her a slice of toast with peanut butter and honey - the only thing Sherlock would consent to eat an hour or less before dancing, no matter what time of day it was.
“You were watching him more closely after that, because you’ve been wondering what the process of using a sperm donor is like when your donor
Sherlock shook her head. “No, you can take one today. I bought several after the morning you complained about me making you eggs for breakfast.”
“Yes. Actually - no. I had a bad headache yesterday at work. I thought it was just because we were so busy, but now that I think about it… Someone was wearing far too much cologne, and someone else stank of cigarettes. And the nurses made about a thousand pots of strong coffee… maybe it
“Still monitoring our internet history, then?” Jo said, trying for a joke. It didn’t work, her voice too shaky with nerves for it to be funny.
"And you've been going to your regular classes and rehearsals too, haven't you?"
“And I am certain that you already are. Grace is incredibly lucky to have you.” Mycroft paused, leaned up to kiss Greg’s jaw. “As am I.”
[14:35] Was wondering if you both wanted to come by ours for dinner sometime next week -JWH
staring at Sherlock's arse in her leotard. Nope.
Greg and Mycroft didn’t linger long at Baker Street after the wine and pudding were gone. It was obvious that Sherlock and Jo were getting more and more wrapped up in one another as the evening dragged on, and eventually they left them to it.
"Jo?"
"Right. Have fun, then."
"O- okay..."
Another flash of thunder and lightning. Jo flinched and whined, pressing her hands harder against her ears and trying to curl further in on herself. When it passed Jo relaxed in tiny increments, visibly working to get her breathing under control. "Sh- ... Sher - lock. ...  M'fine."
"Almost immediately, once he calmed down. Is everything settled at the hospital?"
“Are you sure? I don’t mind. I could make you a cup of tea, if you like?”
"Mmhmmm...."
you.” Sherlock rocked her hips forward, pressing against Jo's backside suggestively.
Jo smiled up at her a little sadly and kissed her. “So will you, you know.”
“You’ve gone green,” said Donovan, sounding amused and slightly concerned.
"You're sweet. Are you on your way to see him now?"
“Good morning, your foul eggs are burning.” Jo giggled at the mildly outraged look on Sherlock’s face. She brushed past her and flicked off the hob, where the eggs Sherlock had been frying were indeed in danger of burning.
The nurse who had called Sherlock was waiting at the desk for her. She took one look at Sherlock’s tear-stained face and pulled her into a warm, maternal hug. Under any other circumstances Sherlock would have resisted so much close contact from a stranger, but the nurse reminded her of her grandmother. She let herself be held for a moment, the knot of anxiety in her chest loosening.
Sherlock scrambled awkwardly to her feet, her heart pounding in her chest, and picked her way across the crowded stage to  where the announcer was waiting with a medal and a small plaque. She hadn't even heard the announcer say her name, let alone the specific award she was being given -- what was the plaque for? -- but curtsied gracefully to the audience and the adjudicators anyway, searching the crowd for Jo. Perhaps it was the lights, but she couldn't see her, and her smile faltered a bit as she turned to go back to where Molly was still sitting, beaming at her.
Sherlock blushed slightly, looking caught off guard by having the question turned back at her. “After the, um, the kidnapping case a few weeks ago, I started wondering. And while I’d always suspected you wanted children - the way you talk about younger patients at the surgery is clear enough - that case confirmed it. Which started
“Can I tell you something?” Jo asked eventually. She sounded uncertain.
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson scolded, but she was laughing. “Don’t be morbid!”
“I’m sorry, Mrs Hudson. I’ll just go and see what’s wrong, shall I?”
“No, you're not.” Sherlock slipped her hands under Jo's shirt, running them lightly over her hips and belly.
“I’m sorry, love. That’s almost as difficult as losing a wanted pregnancy, isn’t it?” Mrs Hudson squeezed her shoulders comfortingly. Without having been told, she seemed to know why Jo had brought it up. “Having to terminate a pregnancy doesn’t mean you don’t get a second chance. It was the right decision for you at the time, and it doesn’t make losing this baby your fault.”
Jo waited a moment, but Sherlock didn’t seem inclined to finish the sentence. Worried now as well as curious, she moved closer and ducked her head to try and catch Sherlock’s eye. “What’s on your mind, bee? Is something wrong?”
By the time Jo had finished tidying the kitchen, Sherlock had curled up into a little ball on the couch and seemed to have nodded off again. It had been far too long since Jo had seen her look as calm as she did then. Between rehearsals, technique classes, and studying chemistry part-time so she could continue her ridiculous kitchen experiments, Sherlock was overworking herself and the longer Jo looked at her, the more obvious it was. She'd noticed that Sherlock was unusually thin and tired looking that morning, but she also had more bruises than usual, her hair was frizzy and unkempt, and her fingernails were bitten almost down to the quick.
Sherlock rolled her eyes, one arm wrapping protectively around Jo’s shoulders. “Of course you had no idea, Lestrade, don’t be an idiot. How would you have known? It’s not like we told anyone.”
a student sitting behind Jo shouted out. Jo turned to glare at him, not at all surprised to see that it was a stereotypical white-frat-boy who’d made the comment.
“I wasn’t eavesdropping!” Jo protested, but Sherlock gave her a
Upstairs, Jo pulled a pillow over her head to try and block out the sound of Sherlock’s heart breaking.
Sherlock rolled her eyes. “Then no.”
"Pa- Papa...?"
had won the highest achievement award for soloists,
“Do you really want to entertain your brother and ask Greg to help impregnate you while you’re in your dressing gown?”
“Nonsense, dear, I don’t mind. I enjoy the company. Sherlock may be a bit jealous, though,” Mrs Hudson teased.
“Since medical school?” Sherlock asked. “You’re a doctor - a surgeon, in fact -
"You're both sweet," Jo replied, half-smiling. She leaned down to kiss Sherlock softly. "Are you coming to bed?"
Jo sat up and accepted the water. “Thanks,” she mumbled, her throat raw. “Sorry about that. I haven’t thrown up looking at a corpse since…”
“I’ll need it, having dinner with these two,” Greg agreed.
[14:42] Possibly. Thought it might be fun. And there’s something we want to ask you, actually. -JWH
Sherlock declared the case - murder-suicide, or perhaps double murder, Sally hadn't been entirely certain - an eight, and dragged Jo out of her sweatpants and into a cab. Jo curled up next to her and tried to ignore the way the motion of the cab made her stomach churn uncomfortably.
Sherlock didn't reply, just pressed her face into Jo's neck and made a small, unhappy noise. "Can we go to bed now, please?"
Sherlock stuck the earbud in her ear and pulled Jo close. “It wasn’t your fault, you know,” she said over the tiny, rushing heartbeat in their ears. “I don’t blame you for what happened.”
“Trying…? Oh, sweetheart.” Jo paused, chewing her lip as she thought. “Sweetheart, I don’t think – I told you, I don’t think I can do that again. I just – no, I can’t – I don’t want to risk miscarrying again. It would just be too hard on me. I’m sorry.”
“The blue one your mum gave me -” Jo cut herself off and sniffed, wrinkling her nose. “Are you burning something? It smells damned awful in here.”
"No, I'm going to a medical conference, he stayed at home. But it's just a weekend." John had hated to leave Sherlock to go to the conference. It was the first time they'd been separated overnight since they'd finally pulled their heads out of their arses and gotten together. Sherlock didn't always sleep through the night, but usually he was there when John woke up in the morning, and John would definitely miss waking up with his arms full of snuggly consulting detective for the weekend.
“Excellent, thank you.” Dr Singh accepted the file from the nurse and closed the door, flipping through the papers. “Your hCG is a bit low, which isn’t a great sign. Everything else looks good, though.”
“Sherlock,” Jo said, patiently, her voice soft with fond amusement, “you know I don’t speak French.” She had been working at the muscles in Sherlock’s legs for nearly twenty minutes and she had, apparently, started to doze off.
Jo was sitting on the floor, sheets and comforter trailing from the bed to wrap around her. She was shaking, knees drawn up to her chest and hands over her ears.
“I’m not much company at the moment, Mrs Hudson, sorry,” came Jo’s voice from the other side of the door. “I don’t really feel like talking.”
Sherlock hugged her back, laughing. "Thank you!" Now that she'd had a minute to process it -- and Molly's infectious excitement to help her along -- she
Wrinkling her nose, Jo nodded. “Yeah, let’s get it over with.” She had worked with Dr Singh before, and knew that while she tended to be rather brisk and efficient, she was also gentle and a skilled doctor. That didn’t mean she was looking forward to it, though.
Jo nodded. “Since, yeah. It has, hasn't it? It's alright. There's always next month, hm?”
Sherlock lifted her head to look at Jo properly. “I’m hurt,” she said, (mostly) teasingly. “You were the one who
Sherlock huffed and pretended to sulk, but obediently pulled off her pointe shoes and rolled over to let Jo massage the muscles in her calves. After a few moments of picking at her sandwich and pretending not to enjoy the attention, she lay her head down on her arms and closed her eyes, visibly relaxing. "Would you mind doing my feet, too?" she asked, almost shyly. "They're absolutely
They continued like that for several minutes, Sherlock counting softly in Jo’s ear, her breathing just audible enough for Jo to easily match it.
"It's all solos this morning, how much 'gathering' do we really need to do?"
Giggling, Jo kissed the crease between her eyebrows. “It’s fine, sweetheart. There’s time.”
"Yep. Let's go, up you get." Jo dragged Sherlock to her feet and half-carried her to where her street shoes and dance bag lay. She let go to shove the pointe shoes in the bag, which she slung over her shoulder, and Sherlock swayed dangerously. Jo frowned and steadied her. "Sherlock, you need to put your street shoes on, love, come on."
"You're both sweet," John replied, half-smiling. He leaned down to kiss Sherlock softly. "Are you coming to bed?"
“I know, I know you said you didn’t want to. But I thought… maybe this time, it could be me.” Another pause, heavy and anxious. “I could be the one to carry this time. If… if you still want to start a family, that is. We don’t have to. I just thought – I want to, so I could do it. I wouldn’t mind. If. Um. If you want.”
“Yes, sweetheart.” Jo kissed her cheek and pushed her gently away, toward their bedroom. “Go on, go to bed.”
Sherlock woke with a start, sitting upright even before she was fully awake. For a moment she wasn't sure what had woken her, until she heard a small, distressed cry from the upstairs bedroom.
“I don’t know…”
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson. I just - she was so angry at me, but I’m worried about her…”
Jo smiled. “I know you meant to, love. But I’d much rather take care of you -- you’ve been doing so much for me, the last little while. I’ve felt… useless, since we lost the baby. Taking care of you makes me feel better.”
“What do you think, hm? You wanna give it a go?”
“Promise?” Sherlock’s voice was small and a bit sad.
[09:26]
Sherlock blushed prettily and blinked at her, looking surprised and pleased. She was silent for a moment, then smiled softly. "Thank you. I... it's nice, to be taken care of like this. I, um, appreciate it."
Sherlock kissed her quiet. “Just humour me for a minute, please? You've had nausea, vomiting, cramping, sensitivity to smells, and now dizziness. Your period was slightly late -”
Jo didn’t answer. She was curled away from the room, earbuds in her ears, phone clutched in her hands. Whatever was playing was
[09:21]
“What worked?”
, to shape and influence and teach any way we wanted to.”
Sherlock blushed at the praise and buried her face in Jo’s shoulder, sighing sleepily. Jo smiled and ran gentle fingers through her messy curls.
thought about it. Why the interest, all of a sudden?”
“I suppose I have, a bit. Just. Um. Just in passing.” It wasn’t entirely true. Jo had always at least sort of wanted kids, always thought she’d have them eventually. Not knowing how Sherlock felt about the issue, however, Jo had kept those thoughts to herself.
“What about on cases?” Sherlock asks, suddenly concerned. She wouldn’t want the poor thing to be lonesome when she and Jo were busy.
“Hmm?” Jo looked up from the toast she was buttering and smiled at her, but Sherlock wouldn’t meet her eyes.
“It might be,” Sherlock nodded, “but you're sick, which is more important than any murder.” She stood and offered her hand to Jo. “Come on, let’s go home.”
Another crash of thunder and Jo rose, tugging the afghan she'd been curled up under closer around her before heading to the stairs. "Yeah, well, to you maybe. I'm for bed. Try and get some sleep at some point, yeah? Don't be up all night." Hopefully, thought Jo, she would be able to fall asleep before the worst of the storm hit and sleep through it.
“Because I - I wasn’t, I couldn’t… She wanted it so badly, and I…”
Dr Singh didn’t look up at them while they resettled themselves. Without meeting Jo’s eyes, she turned back to the sink to dispose of her gloves and wash her hands. She stood for a few minutes with her back to the room, fussing with the bottle of lubricant, the box of gloves, anything near at hand, to avoid turning around.
Jo hesitated. “I… no, sweetheart. I really don’t.” She glanced at the clock on her nightstand. “I think I’m just going to try to sleep a little longer before we have to get up.”
Jo grinned and kissed her. “Brilliant as usual. You’re right, I didn’t realise I was staring at him today or yesterday. I knew I married you for a reason,” she said, her voice turning teasing, “smart, gorgeous,
Sherlock was doing any of these things, but Sherlock occasionally caught her watching, with a look that seemed to say
A few days later, Jo took advantage of a break between patients to catch up on some charting – and to text Greg. She and Sherlock had decided to invite both Greg and Mycroft over for dinner, partially because Jo thought it would be better
"Sherlock?"
There was a long silence while Jo played with Sherlock’s fingers, frowning thoughtfully. “I… yes, I think so. I know I said I didn’t want to – the guilt and grief and shame would kill me, I can’t do that a second time – but. I know how badly you wanted the baby, and god, I do want to start a family with you. I do. So – yes, I’m saying yes. There’s no harm in trying, right?”
“Alright. I’ll pick one up before work tomorrow, okay?”
Look and she relented. “Okay, I was a bit. What else gave me away, then? I know you’re dying to tell me,” she teased.
“Have you ever thought about, um, having children?”
The third time, instead of disappearing into her new lab, Sherlock sat on the edge of the sofa near Jo’s feet. “Jo?”
Sherlock hesitated. “I’m… alright. About as well as can be expected, I suppose. I’ve been worried about you, and trying to keep busy. It’s -- easier. If I don’t think about it. If I don’t think about
Time didn’t stop for grief.
"Yes," she replied, shifting Callum so she could get up without disturbing him too much. "Goodnight, love," she whispered to him.
“It’s only Lestrade and my brother, there’s no need to roll out the red carpet,” Sherlock sulked.
Jo sighed, resigned to losing the argument. “I'd tell them to take a pregnancy test. You're right, of course. But sweetheart, I'm almost forty. And it took my mum ages to get pregnant, I remember her telling my aunt about it.”
“Be strong for her, as much as you can,” the nurse replied. She covered one of Sherlock’s hands with her own and squeezed it warmly. “She’ll need you to lean on. A bit of pampering wouldn’t go amiss, either, I would bet. Just let her know you’re there for her, and look after her. She should be right as rain soon enough.”
Sherlock pushed past her without waiting for Jo to respond, frantic all over again despite the nurse’s steadying presence.
“I have some idea, yes.”
[09:24]
"Poor little guy," John sighed. "Did he go back down alright for you?"
"More or less. There was an explosion - gas leak or something. Are you coming to bed?"
“Oh, nonsense!” Mrs Hudson said dismissively. “The poor love is probably half-starved and doesn’t want to bother you. You said you’d had a bit of a domestic, I’d bet she’s too proud to ask for what she needs. I’ll just go up and talk some sense into her.”
Sherlock sniggered and cuddled closer to Jo. “Are you really not going to react to the fact that Lestrade is sleeping with a man? It’s not as if he’s openly bisexual.”
"It's alright, he'll be back soon. Did you have a bad dream?"
got Sherlock’s attention. "What do you mean, when we get home? I need to stay and practice. It's bad enough that I'm taking such a long break now, I can't take the rest of the day!"
you know me better than I know myself.”
Jo turned in the circle of Sherlock's arms. “Yes, ouch. Bloody strong violinist’s hands,” she grumbled.
“No, bee, it’s not. I know that I’m the one physically miscarrying, but it’s
"O - o - okay..." His voice caught on a sob and he buried his face in Sherlock's chest, sniffling and fighting to calm himself down.
Sherlock hesitated, then rolled over, her back to Jo. “Fine, yes. Alright.”
“I don’t know. Mycroft got an email and tried to leave, but Greg stopped him. I think they’re arguing now.”
It was obvious to Sherlock that Jo wasn’t sold on the idea of an anonymous donor: she didn’t like the risk involved, and thought it too impersonal. She knew that Jo wouldn’t push Sherlock to choose someone they knew if she thought she wouldn’t want to, but Sherlock wasn’t set enough on the idea to cause a fight about it. She shook her head, curls whispering against Jo’s t-shirt. “No. If you’re not comfortable using an unknown donor, we can ask someone we know. Of course we can.”
“Of course you do, dear. Come on, I'll take you back. She’s got herself a private room, lucky girl.”
This chapter contains mention of both abortion and a bit of recreational drug use, so if that's not your cup of tea, this might not be the fic for you!
Jo laughed. “No, me neither. You’re sure you’re alright, though? That guy was really nasty.”
“I know that. And I know you’re only denying it because you think I’ll be upset if you’re not pregnant. But
truly shocked and thrilled to have placed so high. Having thrown her solo together in just over a month, she hadn't been expecting to do that well, especially with her less traditional music choice. But the plaque sitting in her lap read
“Thank you.”
Sherlock blinked again, then seemed to come back to herself. “It’s not your fault.” She crossed back over to Jo’s bedside and took her hands, nearly frantic with worry all over again. “That’s why they admitted you, isn’t it? The bleeding? Are you in a lot of pain? Is there anything I can do?”
“I have a bit,” Jo admitted. “I was wondering, though, what
Jo had to swallow hard against the sudden lump in her throat before she could answer, and shook her head. “He’s your
“Thanks,” Jo said gratefully, “I think we have some at home, actually.”
Greg and Mycroft had sequestered themselves in a corner and were busy whispering together when Jo went back in to announce that dinner was ready. “What are they being all secretive about?” she asked Sherlock, curious.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, peeking one eye open and smiling apologetically at her.
, but Jo hadn’t known any of the details. “It is,” she agreed quietly.
“My brother’s doing, no doubt.”
“Okay, bee. That works for me.”
Sherlock Holmes was without question the smartest (and fittest, but that was beside the point) student in their year – she had no business being in anything as basic as an introductory course, but prerequisites were prerequisites even for a genius – and spent more time correcting professors than taking notes. She was in three of Jo’s other classes and although she’d never worked up the nerve to so much as introduce herself, Jo found herself nursing something of a crush on her.
“I’m so sorry, love. I've been selfish these past few days. But I'm here now. Let me take care of you, hmm?”
turned out to be blue surgical booties, which Donovan pulled out of her bag and Sherlock immediately turned up her nose at. She looked absolutely appalled, but Jo knew that concern over her expensive Oxford heels would win out over her vanity.
Jo snickered. The professor looked taken aback. “I beg your pardon?”
“What day is it?”
“I'm fine, just. The eggs smell especially like sulphur and dirty feet today. It's turning my stomach, actually.”
“Yes. Together.”
"I suppose I could eat a little bit," Sherlock conceded, sitting down at the table and watching as Jo filled two bowls.
“It worked,” Sherlock murmured, sounding awed.
“You’re not
, and the honorific in this context made her skin crawl with anxiety. (It was also technically incorrect - she was legally Mrs Holmes-Watson, now - but she didn’t waste time on trivialities.)
"You can, and you will, Sherlock," Jo responded, her tone leaving no room for argument. "How many hours have you danced this week, hm?"
Jo frowned at this new insight into Mrs Hudson’s past. Sherlock had alluded in the past to Mrs Hudson having been in a relationship that was more than a bit
Poor little guy.. Did he go back down alright for you?"
Sherlock nodded, her cheeks flushed pink, and padded naked out of the bathroom. Jo rolled her eyes -- did she
"Yes, please. It helps me sleep, and I don't really want to go to bed with it wet, even if it's just for a nap." Sherlock sat on a pillow on the floor, between Jo's knees, while Jo brushed through her hair again, sorting it into neat sections to braid. She had never gotten the hang of braiding her own hair, but her short, capable fingers made quick work of Sherlock's curls, even on days when they were being particularly unruly.
