and thrust into the circle of his palm, “That’s it, fuck yes, come for me, come on me, that’s it, right on me, I’m yours, you’re mine, fuck, yeah…” as Sherlock cried out John’s name and came all over both their bellies and John’s hand.
“Shower?”
His Dad emerged from the bathroom first. “Nice place you’ve got here, son.  Fancy.” His Australian accent had faded, though it was still present in the flat vowels and occasional tendency to run all the words together.
“So ready.”
“She’s a cutie.”
Mycroft glared at Sherlock.
“Breathe.”
; which made him feel charmed, not flat-footed.
I said: Honey, let's do it here
“Is that meant to be disarming?” she asked.
“What would have become of us,” Sherlock asked suddenly, “If we’d stayed in England? If we’d let our father win.”
Sherlock, fucking
“What’s down here, hmm?” he teased, unfastening Sherlock’s belt, button and zip. He licked his thumb wet and circled it over the crown of Sherlock’s thick, leaking cock, peeking over the top of the white silk panties, the lace trim and little bow plastered stickily to Sherlock’s frenulum.
“Funny how time frees up when you’re sober all the time. I have to do something with it or I’ll hit the cooking sherry out of sheer boredom.”
“Tell me about your morning,” said Ella Thompson, her tone warm, not without sympathy, but not too warm, too sympathetic. John liked that about her. “Start from the beginning.”
“You hungry, hmm?” he patted her leg as she grabbed his shirt in little fists and bumped her forehead against his chin. “Ready to try some more mushy peas. Papa made them himself. Yes he did. Yes he did.”
“Smile, Cutie. Let’s help Daddy not have a panic attack.”
“All right. And me. I know it was worse on you, but that doesn’t mean it wasn’t hard on us. What you were like when you came back. Nobody knew how to help.”
“Not really.” John kissed the pulse point of Sherlock’s throat so he wouldn’t be offended by John confirming that Sherlock had a terrible kissing technique.
Two men. Two homes. Each stirred from sluggishness that couldn’t be called sleep. Both had been haunted into almost-sleep by a ghost made of the scent of Clair de Lune. Both were haunted into dry-eyed wakefulness by that same ghost.
“What’s my time?” Sherlock asked, scrubbing his hands through his ringing wet curls.
‘It was very entertaining.’
And then Mycroft sniffed.
“That book looks extremely useful,” they said in unison.
'Who'd deliver an empty box?'
"Oh no, what was that!"
Sherlock, who mostly wanted to be hugging his naked husband in their honeymoon suite, accepted each embrace with a quick squeeze and a ‘yes, thank you, goodbye’. His friends, knowing him well, and noticing how he kept grabbing John’s hand to lace their fingers together briefly between hugs, realised he was reaching the end of his ‘being among people who are not John’ tether. The whole ‘disappearing to the shed’ thing had not gone unnoticed either.
“What the fuck?”
“7,817,247 people voted yes,” Kalisch says.
“I know, son.”
Theresa was laughing with delight at how pink his ears were (she’d just said what nice eyes he had). She had a smudge of ice cream on her top lip (they’d been walking by the Seine and he’d remembered she liked a scoop of berry sorbet on top of a scoop of chocolate, in that precise order). She wore flat shoes, not because he was short but because heels made her feet hurt.
John nuzzled under Sherlock’s chin. Lipped at his skin. He ran a hand along Sherlock’s ribs then wrapped his arm across Sherlock’s back and pulled him close. Sherlock had stopped shaking. He didn’t cling so hard, which only made John want to hold him more tightly.
“I don’t mind that he does.”
It was raining outside. It always seemed that way, when he was here. That it was raining. He was made of stone and all the grief was outside his body. Easier that way.
“I like your parents,” said Sherlock. “And your sister makes me laugh.”
The elm trees are guarding the castle and moat
“I’m fine, Molly,” he said, “Nothing wrong up here.” He tapped his temple with the rattle. “I know she’s dead. I’m not crazy.”
And truly, his father was a foolish old man, but he was kind.
It was as Rosie's first molars were popping up somewhere at a year and a half that she started showing a strong preference for chewing on lab tubing—clear silicone preferred but rubber would do in a pinch. Sherlock was once again delighted.
The sister runs swiftly past willow and beech
!” and clutching at him, breath ragged, eyes full of terror.
“Good thing we took off. Preserved our dignity by hiding in the shrubbery.”
Sherlock’s strange books of almost two years ago were barely even a memory now. That concoction of fantasy and guilt, with a John and Mary and Sherlock who were hardly ever themselves, had been burned to ashes. They had this truth to teach to their daughter now. That her Daddy and her Papa had always been the very best of best friends. That they had both loved her Mama, who had loved them too, and the three of them had also been the very best of best friends. And when Mama died and had to leave, Rosie’s Daddy and her Papa had kept her mama’s love with them and became the best and most loving forever friends they knew how to be.
A man halted some distance away, facing the unexpected family gathering on the Holmes side of the property line.
“It’s a stress reaction,” said Ella, “Grief, so soon after fatherhood. Responsibility and loss. Do you have anyone to talk with?”
Nine times out of ten he wakes up with the watch under his pillow so he can hear the tick like John’s heartbeat, and Buzzy under his chin, because it smells like his Little Watson.
“The pirate leg. Your dad’s been teaching me to turn wood. I’ve got a nice design going for you. I think it’s the right height, and I’ve found some lovely red velvet to line it with, and some good soft leather to strap it on with. Soon as I can work out how to hide the whisky flask in there, you’re all set. One pirate leg coming up. Can’t wait to see the look on Sherlock’s face, can you?”
The latter did it, with John suddenly pounding hard, his hands slipping down to Sherlock’s hips to hold him at a better angle as he thrust and swore and fucked his husband with joyous abandon, until he came with a long shout.
“Oh man,” said Caleb, “I’ve seen scary, and you are none of it.”
“A bit late now, don’t you think?” she asked, acerbic. She’d toss him out on his ear if she had to, rather than let him spoil their day.
Sherlock has his head down at his computer, running algorithms for a few clients, acting like it’s nothing to do with him.
Smith smiled benignly.
Sherrinford Holmes heard his youngest boy say in a voice tight with anxiety: “John. It seems. I must introduce you to. To my father.”
“If he’d hurt you.”
The daughter waved vaguely from behind a phone she was using to take photographs of the guests.
Sherlock was also most emphatically not worried, no no no. Nope. He was a detective. He was a professional. He was gathering
“About 80p.”
back at him and they giggled like kids and then, seeing as they had a room, wandered back up the hill to make good use of it. (After they had, Sherlock lay sprawled on his back on the bed under a stripe of afternoon sun.
“Good.” Sherrinford stood back. “Off you go then.”
“I never walked past a Glenfiddich myself, back in the day.”
Nosirree, no worrying here.
Sherlock, and the shortest Holmes-Watson (2)
This new incarnation (new reincarnation) was both familiar and strange. The detective and his chronicler yet brought justice to a troubled world; were lovers yet; but in a reality where pregnancy was the domain of biology other than sex - and were soon to be parents.
“No,” growled Howie. “We didn’t spend all these years protecting you for you to mess it up now.”
“To find out a little more about the Garridebs. John Garrideb may have learned these things about Eurus from his cousins, but it’s hard to imagine those two paying that much attention to a child, at their age.”
“Leaona used to call me Shez,” he confessed with a slight wince.
Sherlock rested his head on his father’s shoulder and hugged him back. “I really, truly don’t mind,” he said. “I just don’t want him to feel that he ought, or that I don’t. Feel what I feel.”
“For God’s sake,
They kissed, melding each to the other with lip and tongue. They murmured low sighs of contentment to be thus reconnected with warmth and breath, heartbeat against heartbeat. They kissed their gladness to the sound of birds in the trees; the snapping of the banners atop the hill; the distant hum of cars on country roads.
“So it seems,” said John. “I thought they were no more. They were sacrificed to war.”
That fucking fox in his fucking bag
“Will you stay? If she wakes up crying again… I can’t find her bee.”
Violet Morstan Watson watched the Earth setting over the Martian horizon and thought about hunters and builders.
Mycroft, all unexpectedly, has burst into tears. He’s holding onto Greg, who is holding onto him.
John put his arms over his head and lifted his knees and capered like a jester while he sang.
'Not any more.'
John cuddled her and she sobbed and he rocked her in his arms and she sobbed and he was very near sobbing himself, half in frustration and half in helpless distress at her distress.
John was not fine, but he was not the image of devastation he’d been a short while ago. He stood by the bed, holding Sherlock’s hand except when the doctor who had rushed to them needed to test all of Sherlock’s vital signs.
your home.”
“Not quite so dramatic, but we had phrases, and we left notes using stick figures drawn on brown paper. It was quite sophisticated for five year olds.”
She was tilted to one side and her camera tower was bent. Her solar arrays were scratched and pitted. One of her wheels was missing.
“Go away.”
“I thought he was going to shoot you.”
“Excellent. Now. Is there pudding, or shall I text Angelo to send something round?”
Then, while the parents showered and changed, Harry had given him a large, flat parcel. Shaped like a portfolio folder.
“Apparently.”
Harry tries to be a good friend, a good sister, a good aunt. Everyone is suffering. Everything's a mess. And now there's Culverton Smith.
John quirked a small half-grin at that. “Fine.” Then he looked squarely at her. “Text me. The minute you’re there.”
Mycroft squeezed his brother’s shoulder. “You won’t. And they won’t.”
Caleb was definitely checking him out. Phillip stood taller – bumped his head on a low hanging branch and ducked again, swearing, “Fuck, shit, fuck, stupid tree.”
“Damnation, Watson, keep it down!”
“Adhafera.”
Harry clutched onto her brother and didn’t know what to say. She thought she was probably going to cry. She hated crying, especially where anyone could see. Then she thought, fuck it, and smooshed her face into his shoulder and sniffled. He patted her back. She smooshed harder, and then she laughed, pulling back with wet eyes.
John was so indignantly certain of the rightness of his cause he leapt up at once to open a box. Sherlock did the same.
Aramis bundled his clothes under Porthos’s bed and clambered under the blanket, boots and all.
“Ah. Quite right. No custard. And I’ll pick up an aspirator…”
Sherlock had loved John Watson for a long time. He’d never known how much he would love watching John Watson being full of love for someone else. Well, he’d adored watching John and Mary together, but then, they’d all loved loving each other like that. Rosie was different, obviously, but also not.
When Sherlock assured the child she would not be partaking in a cavalcade, procession, tableau, or extravaganza that perpetuated a backward and barbaric view of humans with an XX chromosome pair, the child said, "thertainly your majethty," and buggered off to her bedroom.
“Mycroft keeps loitering around this tree.”
Until Reichenbach.
Sally grin-grimaced at him. ‘I know that you know his name. Stop pretending you don’t.’
Giles held grimly onto Leandra’s hand. John had passed Rosie into Harry’s arms and he stood near Sherlock, a protective shadow. Mycroft, knuckles white on the walking stick, teeth gritted, gave Garrideb a look that had cowed kings.
“You can see for yourself that they are.”
“Hang on,” said John, “The cousin didn’t move to the neighbourhood until after your sister died. But wasn’t he quoted on what she was like in the article?”
John put his coffee cup down and twisted in his chair so that Sherlock could get the full benefit of John's incredulous expression.
Mycroft tipped his head back till it clunked on the garden bed. “You did the right thing.”
“She laughs like Mary too,” Harry said, grinning, but suddenly the corners of her expressive mouth pulled down. She bit the inside of her lip to make it stop. It didn’t work, so she looked away.
9.55am.
Mary snugged up close, whispered warm in Sherlock’s ear, “You’re my good boy, too” and Sherlock wriggled head to foot in unexpected response to the playful praise.
“I’m a bookseller. It’s my business too, and I keep abreast of the local industry.
“G’way.”
‘More lung tissue near the back than the chest,’ agreed Mummy. ‘Who must I call…?’
Greg Lestrade phoned in the middle of coffee and the tiramisu that Angelo sent around with one of his waitstaff, proving that his gratitude hadn’t yet waned.
Mrs Hudson finished sweeping and hoped they hadn’t woken the baby.
"Sherlock?"
“You know about it?”
“All right?” said Sherlock.
“And the kissing thing…?”
“Told you we could do that without marking your suit,” said Sherlock smugly.
“You’ll look after Rosie?” he asked Harry.
The wedding itself was quite charming, in fact. John was relieved to be marrying a bloke after all (though he’d declared he was bisexual on the forms and open to being matched with anyone otherwise of a suitable age, education level and psychological fit, he did have a preference for men.)
“I love you,” John breathed, lifting Sherlock’s legs high, pushing in. “God, I love you.” He pushed the panties till they were around Sherlock’s ankles then. When Sherlock rested his calves on John’s shoulders, his panty-cuffed ankles were behind John’s head. His knees were splayed. His hands were over John’s, holding them hard against his chest.
“Sherlock.”  He uttered his love’s name in shock and wonder.
“I’ll tell Mom and Luke. They’ll be thrilled.”
“Bunny’s in the pushchair with her,” John said. Giles beamed. Sherlock waved at his father and they were on their way.
“Cheers,” said John, but he was laughing. “And it’s not my ears you rub anyway.”
“Oi, Holmes,” she repeated.
The morning pre-work coffee crowd has come and gone. Now it’s all coffee meetings, late breakfasts, and breathless waiting.
Then softly. "I'm sorry again. Rosie's just got a horrible grumpy daddy who's really tired and wishes she felt better. She needs her wonderfully mad papa right now so you just keep doing what you're doing, which is obviously working because she's definitely stopped crying."
“Here. Take her for a minute.”
“So you were dating a guy then?”
“Here’s to your son and mine,” said Sherrinford, raising his glass.
“I’d rather a scotch.”
“Sure. Fine. Why not? There’s air here under the tree. More in the car park, probably.”
“I don’t need a dog, I’ve got John,” said Sherlock absently, still cheerfully fussing the animal, who wagged his tail in appreciation.
Soon life will continue as happy and as varied as before; richer too, with all these reconciliations with family who are no longer strangers.
Sherlock and John both declared their
The front doorbell rang. Sherlock answered.
John shrugged, picked up The Guardian, leaving the rest for Sherlock and dropped into his armchair. He poured himself a cup of coffee from the tempered glass French Press he'd left on his side table.
And sniffed again to make sure he hadn’t imagined the horror that was emanating from the back of Rosie’s onesie.
“Yes. No.”
“I hear her, you know,” he said after a moment, “Around the flat. Other rooms that I’m not in. I go looking for her sometimes. I. Talk. Talk to her. Sometimes.”
“Mummy, everything’s f-“
Everyone was smiling at him, and John managed to smile back. He didn’t know why he felt so jittery. He was exactly where he wanted to be, and his family had made it in time to support him. The celebrant was smiling encouragingly.
“We’re what?” asked John, arching a suspicious eye at Sherlock.
“Abababababababab!”
Until.
“You can’t just… be chaste?”
Second Trope: First time/amnesia
Then he wished he hadn’t. The live security footage was coming from the hospital corridor CCTV, though the open door to Mycroft’s private room.  On his laptop, Mrs Holmes was sending the live feed of Mycroft’s heart and respiratory monitors, and neither looked good.
“No,” Mycroft murmured back, “I am. I am. I am.”
“Well don’t.”
When it was time to leave, Sherlock impatiently chivvied his laughing husband to the lift to the car park with a squeeze of his bum. Attempts at a quick getaway were thwarted by everyone lining up for hugs.
Rosie Holmes-Watson has been…'enthusiastic'…about everything from footwear to flat worms and before you think her strange, recall that she's the daughter of a man who thinks a bowl of fresh intestines is a sweet gift, and also the daughter of the man who fell in love with that man the day he met him.
Sherlock kissed him, a little peck on the mouth, and hugged John with the arm across his back. “Hugging is known to be medically and psychologically beneficial. Little Watson agrees. Don’t you Watson?”
“Mr Watson-Holmes,” the man corrected him with a tiny smile, “But please. Call me John.”
“Rosie can’t breathe properly and she’s worn out from crying. I need a bulb syringe to clear her sinuses so she can breathe, which they’ll have at the clinic. A nasal aspirator would be better…”
Just because he was a widely travelled medical man who knew precisely what could go wrong, and how often, and how badly…
"Who's papa's gassy little girl?"
Ben stood to one side, watching everything unfold with deep satisfaction. His mother appeared at his side and placed a hand on his arm.
Her expression was quizzical, as though she couldn’t quite believe the civility of their exchanges these days.
“Hi,” the beleaguered Harry greeted John and Sherlock as they came through the door, squirming Rosie in her arms. “I know it doesn’t look it, but everything is under control.”
The parents outside Rosie's school like to play rounds of Competitive Parenting. John tries not to take part. Sherlock wins.
“There’s licking in stage four.”
John smiled like the sun, and Sherlock lit up in the light of it, and John thought he saw Sherlock murmur
“Ha. Look here,” she said, “The Musgrave sale’s in the paper. Acreage, amenities, blah blah. And… oh, fuck those guys.” She tried to fold the paper and remove it from view, but Mycroft leaned across the table and snatched it out of her hands.
Poor boy. Poor man. Men. Grief was a cruel thing.
What?
Double back, and under we go
Leandra pulled up at John and Mary’s flat. Leandra and Giles, John and Sherlock, alighted onto the street.
‘You have to stop pushing yourself, John.’
“It’s too late, Howie,” said John Garrideb, turning, ashen face streaked in tears, “They know. I told them everything.”
John had never much liked that man. Laughed too much. All that bonhomie. He didn’t trust it.
A heavy set Italian man was acting as DJ and hooting his encouragement as the men danced, flushed and laughing and singing.
Ford knelt in the red dust, digging a hole. The metal detector said this was the spot, but it might end up being a random bit of debris after all. He wouldn’t let himself get excited. He’d been disappointed before.
“Ah. Yes. So I did. But that was the result of a faceful of pecan pollen.”
didn’t leave,” Harry said firmly.
Greg turns back. “Is he going to give you trouble?”
“…but I enjoyed it so much I had to try it again. And do you know what? It never gets old.”
“Rey,” said Phas, “Armitage. This is Ben Solo Amidala. Ben, these are the two I was telling you about. Between the three of you, you hold the tickets to make or break your dreams. Ben’s family are…”
John’s got too much pride to make bad coffee for anyone, even people who don’t think he should be allowed to get married, and anyway, they don’t get many of the naysayers in Captains of Industry.
“I’ll let you in on a secret, Buzzy,” Sherlock whispered at the little fellow. “Love has made me a better detective. I understand so much more than I used to. My Watsons are better than mysteries. They are the keys to all mysteries.”
‘It’s a great wedding.”
Sherlock looked at the small, blue cardboard box wrapped in a wide gold ribbon. He arched an eyebrow at the box and again at John, who had delivered the compact package along with the morning papers.
Harry considered her cigarette, but instead of lighting it, tucked it behind her ear.
“You trust me not to step on your feet?” she asked, laughing.
“I’ve been thinking about that too, today,” added John quietly but warmly. “You’re right. I don’t have to feel guilty. We’re not cheating on her.”
“Edie!”
“That would be an egregious misuse of governmental resources…”
“Oh, she looks just like her mum!”
“You smell like baby powder and milk,” Sherlock whispered. “You smell like my little girl.” He reached out and booped it on the nose. Buzzy’s nose was a little matted, because Rosie liked sucking on it. “I miss her. I miss John. I miss the way he smiles at her when no-one but me can see, and he goes all soft around his edges. His edges melt. He’s all squidge sometimes, when he looks at her. I love that. She’ll be asleep in John’s arms and John is 100 per cent squidge and I love him so much I’m nothing but squidge myself, and Rosie will sleepy sigh so sweetly I find I can double my capacity to love her, and I dissolve completely. And I
Then a nurse hurried in with a stand, a bag of saline. “Excuse me a moment,” she said.
Sherlock and John had tried to be environmentally friendly—good lord they'd tried. But the last straw for the eco cloth nappies was also the last day Rosie’s new rug would be known as Rosie's new rug instead of Rosie's poo rug.
.”Mycroft stumbled again as he lurched towards John Garrideb, walking stick brandished, and he fell to his knees. The stick flew away into the grass beyond his reach and he struggled to rise, unable to get the prosthetic foot beneath him.
Without even looking away from his experiment Rosie's poppa said, "You will not prance around on a stage and be judged for your prettiness."
Phillip jumped, turned, nearly swallowed his cigarette and said
“The flight was delayed,” Mr Holmes Senior said with a crisp scowl, “And it took me all morning to find out where you’d all gone. I wasn’t able to find the correct name of the church for the ceremony. Nicholas, I thought.”
Harry took John by the shoulders and steered him to towards the bathroom. He went like a man shell-shocked, or a robot with his battery run down. She hugged him. He didn’t resist but he didn’t return the hug.
“She said. In my dream. Mary said it’s okay for us not to be okay. She said it's. It's okay for us to get better, too. For things to get better than they have been."
But Sherlock wasn’t listening.
And Sherlock’s husband gave Sherrinford Holmes a look that said
“Whatever you both need, Sherlock. Talk with him. You’ll find the balance.”
“Shush, honey. Rosie, shush. I’m right. Here. I’ll be. With you. In a second. Just have. To get. Your lumbering great. Papa. Out of. This bloody. Well.”
“I would like to think my face always indicates I’m thinking.”
! You let her
Here's Buzzy:
It does not involves scones, milk or Ursa Minor, although there is some playful growling.
“See you soon, Rosie Rose!” sang back Mrs Hudson. John grinned at the pair of them, in his dark blue morning suit.
“You stopped him.”
the drug that makes you forget.
“You need to kiss back a bit,” John murmured against Sherlock’s lips, “Or he’ll think you’re not interested.” He pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s lower lip again and Sherlock pressed back.
Greg laughed and tugged Mycroft close. Mycroft leaned against his husband, fitting snugly under his arm. “I’m much too hot,” he said, suddenly.
“That’s Sherlock’s job, isn’t it? Not that I think it’s his fault either. You’re not bloody God.”
“She never let you get away with anything, anyway.”
Greg can see in a quick glance down that Mycroft really is. He grins in delight. “I’ll perform just for you then, and you can take me home after. If you like.”
“You’re looking at my mouth.”
Martin kissed a princess for the first time when Theresa met him that second date, in Paris. Both of them were passing through.
“Wedding lunch is that way.” She nodded towards a table laden with food, “John, I think Mike Stamford is about to put on an ABBA medley if nobody stops him.”
And he was. He was John Watson – barista, photographer, artist, detective’s assistant and bodyguard to same, Melburnian, Brit-Australian, adoring husband, happiest man in the world.
Good thing this was all for a case, John thought, moving in again, only this time cupping Sherlock’s’ cheek with one hand. “You can go for the face holding, or not,” he said. “I like it.”
“He was an overbearing, interfering tyrant,” grumbled Sherlock. “He kept getting in the way.”
“Can’t wait for breakfast,” said Sherlock, before saying goodnight and joining John who was putting Rosie to bed in the caravan.
Mrs Hudson turns up the radio.
John blinked his sleepy gaze away from fireplace ashes and back to his baby-holding husband.
‘Don’t you think my beard is something of a giveaway?’ he asked, apparently unconcerned.
“Yes.” Unequivocal, that, but then, “But… Mary brought us together. She was. She was the bridge. She made us
a_secret_scribbler, AtlinMerrick, Winklepicker and I haven't set it within any particular continuity or AU. It's just Daddy and Papa and Little Watson, an awful lot of baby-related fluids, and the occasional tantrum. Which is possibly even Rosie's.
“Oh no you don’t.” Harry pushed away from the tree and jabbed her cigarette at him for emphasis. “Just. Fucking. Stop. It. And fuck that hangdog face as well. You know what? This shit? This shit is complicated. My therapist is going to make his fucking fortune trying to help me unfuck my life. But the number one thing he said is that we all have burdens enough from the things we
“Hush, hush, little Watson. Papa’s got you.”
“Drinking buddies, Ben. What, you think your sainted mom doesn’t get drunk and spill secrets to a sympathetic ear?”
“Well, he’ll be here for you, as much as we can make that happen. Come on.” Greg stood tall and offered his chest. John took the medals and pinned them reverently to Greg’s dark suit. John's eyes glittered, and he gave another of his short, sharp nods to no-one in particular.
“John, Sherlock’s in hospital, he needs you!” she’d blurted, and John had frozen and a look of terror had briefly flared in his eyes before fury took its place.
Tongue out the side of her mouth Rosie scrawled a few black curls beneath the crown.
“I can’t leave Rosie alone.”
“I didn’t know you were coming to the wedding!” she continued, “What a shame you missed the ceremony. It was lovely! Harry’s filmed it all on her phone, so you could watch that later, if you like.”
“Says the woman who married the transport logistics guy.”
“Ah, my darling boy,” laughed Sherlock. “Wrong again.”
“Off you go,” Greg said, patting him on the back, “Go and deflower your husband.”
Jack clinked his own against it. “John and Sherlock.”
, John.”
John smiled and spoke to Rosie. “Your Papa was an adorable little thing, baby girl. I’ve seen the pictures. Like a little cherub with all that hair stuffed under a pirate hat, waving a wooden sword, running all over the place.”
But there was something in that sharp blue gaze that did not speak of foppishness or fancy. Confidence was there, yes, and a surprising level of cool charisma.
Martha Hudson’s right eyebrow rose and arched and stayed there.
Harry noticed that among the sour smelling blankets and pillows in which he… nested was probably the only term… was Rosie’s little stuffed toy bee. Now that she was looking, Harry could see that striped jumper of John’s there too. God, this poor, fucked-in-the-head bastard. She’d lost a new sister. Sherlock Holmes looked like he was losing his mind.
John smiled, sandy-haired sunshine at midnight. "Oh love, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it as a judgment, I just…can't imagine Mycroft being silly for you. I'm glad he was. And I'm glad you are for Rosie. You're mad as a box of frogs my love. Completely clappers. You're—"
John grits his teeth as he and Sherlock wait with the other parents at the school gate.
"Rosie," said John, "what do princesses wear under their capes?"
“Good. You’re a nice person, Molly Hooper.”
Sherlock gave John an amused grin, to which he replied with a raised eyebrow. “Come on then, let’s go see Uncle Greg and Uncle Mikey get wed. And don’t think I can’t see that clip in your hair Sherlock Holmes!”
“Wanna come in and pretend to be an old flame?”
“Mr Watson,” said Sherrinford with a nod, holding out a hand.
Garrideb’s eyes widened in what John could only think of as bleak alarm.
On the seventh day of Xmas, my fanfic gave to me: two friends to lovers and a lesson in kissing past stage 3.
Here’s a hankie…”
Grey was not the best colour for camouflage but Mycroft found a place to hide anyway. While the photographer was trying to get Rosie to pose with the best man, and getting very stroppy about it, Mycroft slid away to skulk behind a cherry laurel hedge, and lit up.
John stared at the text, then rose abruptly. He disappeared into the nursery, returning with a teddy bear dressed as a Tower Beefeater. A souvenir from a case. Rosie had taken a shine to the bear, so Sherlock had given it up from his trophy box and let her keep it.
“Are you Jewish?”
Molly sighed. “Giles and Mrs Hudson think John’s right. Sherlock’s on a case.”
“Fine. Fine, I’ll come to you then.”
“Greg.”
“No.”
“Right.”
restful.
Look, John agrees with Sherlock, he does. He also knows their child is a four-year-old genius who does not have to be genius in everything. Of all the things John Watson wants for Rosemund, he wants most of all happiness and he has to acknowledge that the child may find that happiness in things neither of her fathers agree with. Still and all, John agrees, they need to talk to the child.
“I know.”
“Good men.” He sipped again. “This is good scotch.”
‘Sometimes it’s an unsolved murder,’ said John, giving in to a laugh.
"Who Rosie? Who?"
“I bet it’s the hospital food,” she said, “Though that’s probably rude. I used to nick stuff off John’s plate when he was recovering from being shot. Not too bad. But John said ‘haven’t I suffered enough?’” She laughed. “He always did hide behind being a sarky bastard. Well. He used to. Not helping him much right now.”
Operation Escape was pretty much a matter of so far, so good and Phillip didn’t want to push his luck. He only needed ten minutes. Fifteen, tops. A calming smoke, a few minutes to think up some story or other for Donna, then he could sneak back inside to the reception for the end of the speeches. Nobody would be the wiser. Well, Mom might, but she and Linda were all moon eyes – which, fair enough, it was their wedding – and would probably miss his absence.
A lot of people came to celebrate with them, from the many walks of their life. Even Sherlock managed not to accidentally insult everyone with deductions, mostly by standing close by John all day, clutching his hand, thinking not of his brother’s present happiness but of his own, even simpler wedding day, coming soon. Not soon enough.
Her brother’s mouth swallows the stream in the field
Sherlock glanced at the legs of his trousers, still damp and spattered in algae from the well. Smears of slime all over. He nodded jerkily, but when he rose he was making an effort to appear unaffected.
'Sluggish morning brain, huh? You usually know what's in everyone's Christmas presents. And you tell them before they get to open them.'
So marked was Rosie's preference for
“She comes!”
“I hope she has your eyes,” said Khan, “and all your strength.”
“How many?”
When Sherlock has to go away for a case, even just overnight, or he thinks he might, he throws one or two completely unnecessary and also completely necessary things into his pockets or his bag.
Rosie made a happy noise and waved Ducky in her fist. The toy fell out of the pushchair. Sherlock picked it up, dusted it off and gave it back to Rosie.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John from the bed.
She held her hand out. He passed the cigarette to her and she took a puff before handing it back. Then she sat on the grass at his feet. The leg that ended so abruptly below his knee twitched a little. His hand dropped to his knee and he leaned back in the chair to glare resentfully at the branches of the oak overhead.
Molly stopped her own desperate crashing of knuckles on the door and turned to Harry Watson.
John lived with Sherlock, worked with him, loved him, and aged as mortal men do – and did not believe in soulmates.
“Haven’t the foggiest.” Harry pulled out another cigarette, lit it, took a long drag, then passed this one to Mycroft as well. He took it and filled his lungs. “I don’t suppose you want the ra-ra talk from me, and I’m lousy at them anyway. Fuck that shit. Fuck that plastic leg. Fuck all the things, Mycroft. Tell you what though, I’m just about done with that peg leg of yours.”
“Oh good,” said Sherlock, with an answering grin, and he spread his arms wide and waited for the deflowering to begin.
This chapter describes Eurus's death when she and Mycroft were children. Some aspects of this might be distressing to some readers, so if you want to skip it, it's covered in the last flashback, which is in italics.
“I’m not what you think I am, John.”
“Yeah.”
“You have to start somewhere. Start with a little faith.”
, having abandoned her bottle in favour of waggling her feet, which Sherlock had dressed in brightly coloured socks.
Their marriage broker was called upon to help them resolve a disagreement that threatened to become a crisis that would put two families at odds with each other for decades to come. Luckily, Cupid Stamford knew exactly who to call.
So despite the boredom and the frustration and the desperate desire to get the fuck out of Baker Street, he locked down – because if John got sick, Sherlock needed to be healthy to take care of him.
John marched in, head held high, eyes straight ahead. Greg leaned over. “It’s your wedding not a muster for inspection,” he murmured.
“I’m okay,” Sherlock said, reaching for John again. “I took the needle out. Soon as the nurse was gone. Not much of a dose; just a little dopey. I’m fine. I’m fine.” He tried to show his arm, the trail of the saline drip that had soaked his shirt, his pyjamas, where it had dripped into the mattress of the bed that had grown soggy under his ribs with what should have been the method of his murder.
Mrs Hudson took this opportune moment to thrust an empty plate and a glass of champagne into Sherrinford’s hands.
Sherlock lay in the bed, staring at the bear in his Yeoman Guard outfit. Beefeater. Silly name.
“Yes. Ms Hooper has embraced her own happiness at last,” said Mycroft.
“Go away,” he groaned, closing his eyes, rolling his head away. Well. It wasn’t as though he could walk away from her, was it.
“You are not,” snapped Leandra, “And I would appreciate it if you would not speak ill of yourself.”
“I’ve just been earnestly told that kissing me is like being attacked by an unusually wet and aggressive tea towel.”
“I’m sorry I missed it. I’m. I’m sorry. I wasn’t here. I’m. John. I’m so sorry.”
“Two aspirators, wind drops, that eucalyptus chest rub. Wipes, saline nasal spray-“
“In a very few moments, Mr Holmes,” responded Mycroft. They both beamed.
“He doesn’t look anything like you,” Sherlock muttered at the statue.
“You grew up here?” John asked, standing outside the motor home, Rosie in his arms as he turned in a slow circle.
“Let’s get these two husbands hitched, then.”
“Wouldn’t I?”
Still and all, after the thing with the gold lamé and tiara they really need to talk to that child.
Mycroft buried his face in Greg’s shoulder as Greg, the most unrepentant of husbands, grinned up at John Watson’s mother, his sister Harriet, and Sherrinford Holmes.
“Yeah. Go on. Find out what the hell your boy’s up to.”
Sherlock didn’t care. He didn’t notice. He was clinging to John, too.
John remembered how brilliant and how awkward Sherlock had been when they first met. All that stumble-tongued anxiety was long gone. John had so much affection for that sweetly uncertain man he’d first met, but he didn’t miss him. This Sherlock – the one so confident in John’s presence, so certain he was loved, so at home in his own skin – made John feel like the luckiest man in creation. That old Sherlock had been filled with hurt, and accepting of, though not inured to, rejection.  That Sherlock hadn’t felt like he fitted in the world, and that the world would never let him try.
“This vying for supremacy is ludicrous,” declares Sherlock suddenly for all to hear.  His voice carries but it is calm and stern, like Miss Pirbright calling the children to order for a school trip. “Children are individuals with varying skills, interests and rates of development. This urge to diminish their personal individuality does them a disservice. Comparing Rosie’s skeletons to Juliette’s cat poem or Meaghan’s watercolours as though it’s a competition is unworthy of our children and clearly the result of parental insecurity. Using children to wage a futile social war is at best meaningless and at worst is unjust to each child’s unique gifts.”
Sherlock smiled at his husband from under his lashes, sultry. “I’m saving up for the honeymoon suite at the Langham.”
“No,” said Sherlock, and then, “I think I have misunderstood my brother my whole life.”
On the fourth trope of Xmas, my fanfic gave to me: two men fake dating and hiding from a wedding party.
Dimitri handed him a long-necked bottle of craft beer.
He kisses Sherlock lightly on the lips.
“Is Rosie a… typical baby, do you think? Well. I know I tell everyone she’s remarkable, and I do think so. I expect I’m biased. But. She’s happy enough most of the time, but she won’t eat unless she’s held or we’re very close. We. We. Don't sleep well, but nor does she, if she's away. From us. Her cot is in our room. Now that we’ve built a door at the top of the stairs, to encase the whole upper part of Baker Street as one abode, she’s safer. We turned John’s old room into a nursery, but we still can’t bear to move her to there. Is that. Normal? Are we. Harming her?”
The date is clearly making some rude comment in reply.
“Nobody could,” he admitted. “I just had to… work it through.”
“I’m sure you’re not that bad.”
John Garrideb shook his head, his expression only growing more anguished.
“You seem to be recovering well,” said John, but his tone was flat. Not terribly interested.
“Greg’s…? Oh. You mean Sergeant Donovan.”
Greg takes the empty seat. “Need me to sod off out of your way?” he asks.
And here is Mycroft Bloody Holmes, the gorgeous fucker, stalking him to a place he thought he was safe.
They had to stop to retrieve Bunny this time, which Rosie had thrown from the pushchair and then cried for.
Instead of looking (he’d seen them before) John pulled Sherlock into a sudden kiss, bumped his nose against Sherlock’s and said, “Well, you’re right. As usual. My husband the genius.”
Greg Lestrade has a secret. It’s such a secret secret, and so rarely and so randomly indulged, that he’s certain Sherlock hasn’t deduced it. He’s certain that even Mycroft doesn’t know, and usually, between those two brothers, they know everything. He’s even pretty sure they know the social niceties, though neither can ever be arsed to use them except as a tool or a weapon.
“You know,” said a new voice, “There’s this thing about Australia. White people came here, as convict or settlers, to break free of old things.”
“You were watching?”
“I meant Sherlock.”
In Eurus's song, the East Wind is a reference to herself, and the "brother’s mouth swallows the stream in the field" is a reference to Mycroft's name, which is derived from Old English: mýðe meaning "the mouth of a stream" and croft, an enclosed field.
“I do, do I?”
Everything upstairs got quieter.
John went, sighing against Sherlock’s chest. ‘Sorry, Honeybee. It’s not that.’
In no especial hurry, John then stripped himself. Shoes and socks. Coat and suspenders and shirt. Belt and the trousers tented and spot-damp. He pulled his boxers off too, making his erection bob.
* Brushing the teeth of the neighbourhood dogs. Before you think this is a strange thing about which to get impassioned remember that Rosie's the daughter of a man who thinks a bowl of fresh intestines is a sweet gift, and also the daughter of the man who fell in love with that man the day he met him. These are an unusual people.
Mycroft’s expression immediately softened at being called Husband. He lifted their joined hands and kissed Greg’s wrist.
“Yes,” says John.
‘Honeybee,’ sighed John.
“I… No. No, Howie told me about her.”
Because baby Rosie girl has not slept through the night for four nights. Most nights she has woke a dozen times. And right now Sherlock's in Galway which is…which is…fuck. John doesn't remember right now where Galway is but
“So whatever your strop is, it isn’t this tie’s fault.”
Whether or not the world knows it needs them, it has them. John Watson. Sherlock Holmes.
“Third date, John. Third date. I am arranging to meet with our man with a peculiar interest in book boffins but he never moves until the third date. How am I going to get him to persist long enough to get to the third date if he finds I mean thinks I’m a terrible kisser? And I’m not. I am offended Glen would think so.”
Mycroft snatched up the paper to peer at the article again. “For someone who wasn’t here he claims enough knowledge. ‘Eurus Holmes wanted to see the stars’ he says. As if he’d known. And oh, look. ‘She always sang an odd rhyme about trees. It still haunts me.’ The presumptuous little…”
When Rosie was nineteen her papa got an award for, of all things, writing. It was a small thing given by a small group but when Rosie was asked to take part in the ceremony—when all they knew was that Sherlock had been nominated—Rosie agreed on the proviso that she could give out the award for Best Scientific Crime Blog (a category Rosie's pretty sure they made up so that they could nominate Sherlock and thereby get the press coverage that would naturally follow).
“John’s not in on it? Oh. Obviously not.”
Molly discovered a jar of baby food and held it up. “I didn’t know Rosie was on solids yet.”
“You said Harry was in publishing. I thought she ought to see it, so I… put it on the spare bed for her to find.”
Nobody ever warned them that dignity would be the first casualty of parenthood.
“I’ll get you a proper doctor, Sherlock,” said Molly firmly.
my love.”
“I think,” he said, “I’ve been unkind. I never knew Eurus. I didn’t understand what losing her meant to you. I apologise for all the frights I gave you over the years. I argued with Mycroft about telling you what I planned at the hospital. I realise now he was right. It would have been unforgiveable to let you think I had jumped. It.” He scuffed his feet on the grass. “It was unforgiveable that it happened to John. Even if it had been for only the short time I’d planned. Though I’m not impressed that Mycroft didn’t think of that, when he refused to pass on my message.”
“Can’t. I have to. Fix.” He waved his hand to indicate the ruin of all his case files spread all over the flat. “These. Mistakes.”
“He worried about you, all the time,” said Leandra sternly, “He was only a little boy when Euros died, and it ate him up. We thought it best to get everyone away from such unhappiness. Victor had already moved, and you weren’t very happy yourself after that.”
“And they’re nothing as adorable as Rosie,” prompted Harry.
“His parents are here. His sister.”
“I’m glad you thought so.”
'Every day with you is a gift. That you love me back is a gift. I love you.'
And when the lovely
,” agreed John. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock and pulled him close, thighs and bellies and chests and mouths together.
[doll] all day.)
“About 11.”
John’s fingers walked from Sherlock’s belly, over his sternum, up his throat to his lips. John’s thumb brushed firmly against Sherlock’s lower lip, before John bent to kiss him. As they kissed, John’s fingers slipped down over Sherlock’s throat again. He loosened Sherlock’s already loose tie, pulled it free, and then John flicked the tip of his tongue against Sherlock’s with every button he flicked open, from collar to hem, which he untucked with a slow drag, fingers against Sherlock’s belly.
“You are one stupendously dumb motherfucker, John Hamish Watson. Some days I’m ashamed to call you my brother.”
The once-king, once-tyrant sat on the bank, his bare feet in the cool shallows, his hands spread under the girth of his child-ripe belly.
“I thought he’d threatened
“Oh.” Greg breathes. And then, obeying another impulse, he leans over and kisses Mycroft’s cheek. Mycroft gives him such a look of surprise that Greg feels ill. “Have I made a mistake?”
‘You like to suffer, don’t you?’ she said.
to be better than this, than being so short on sleep he honest-to-god and really absolutely forgot his own surname at the pediatrician's yesterday.
Sherlock listened to John’s tread on the stairs, but it remained steady. No unevenness.  That was something; that the limp hadn’t come back. Usually robust, even when occasionally troubled by the old shoulder wound, John was now exhausted and could barely crawl up the stairs when he finally made it home after double, triple shifts.  He was once more in the front lines of a war, stoically battling to save lives; shoving aside the feelings of helplessness for those he couldn’t save.
“I’ve texted him,” admitted Mycroft. “He hasn’t answered.”
They slept afterwards in a puppy-pile, bare-skinned and close-wrapped and content.
The line of a saline drip leaking its contents onto the floor, tape still adhering to the needle.
John, who’d made his own peace with not being a shape that fit into the world very easily, had quickly found he fitted perfectly with Sherlock’s unique way of being. What a relief, what a rare joy, what sheer perfection, that Sherlock thought he fit too.
Warm. Too warm? He’d have to put her down to get the thermometer. Maybe he should just take her to the clinic. They’d have an aspirator there in any case, and she might be able to breathe properly for a while.
Sherlock started to argue. John said, “Don’t.” He didn’t.
Harry didn’t call him a liar.  Instead she said, “You know those pacts people make, that if they’re still single in ten years they’ll get married?”
Sherlock spread his legs and they both inspected the bulge in his trousers. A damp circle was visible  near the buttons, on the left. Sherlock rose, rearranged his jacket, and they looked again.
“You look awful,” she said.
“Oh, I expect him to be more than a moment.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John flapped his wings. The right, wounded at Maiwand, ached but lifted with the left. He beat his wings again, and he and Sherlock rose away from death.
“You don’t object to us selling it, do you?” Leandra asked him.
John looked at his lower limbs in the water and wondered what to do now.  He’d been so careful over the years and none of the crew knew. He’d even kept it secret from the captain. But immersion in water for longer than an hour had transformed his body back into its true self. HE could crawl onto land and let the sun dry him and in another hour he would have his land legs back again.
“How about your mum and uncle’s business?” Phas nodded at the boxes, labelled Skywalker Publishing.
“Yeah. Well. That’s more common than you’d think.”
Sherlock rose and thanked the groomsmen while John held his hand. And John rose and thanked Edie and his family, while Sherlock held his hand.
But right here and now, a baby who wasn't even born yet when Eurus died is a grown man, seeking advice from his mother, because he understands what losing Eurus meant, now.
Greg sobered. “Today I stand not only for myself as John’s friend, but for his old friend, Bill Murray, who first promised to be John’s best man. Bill never made it home, but because of him, John is here. So first I’d like to raise a glass to him, and to his sister Edie who came from Edinburgh so that I could wear these medals on Bill’s behalf.”
Sherlock pressed his forehead to the wood panels of the side chamber of the little used boardroom on the second floor of the Nicholas Building.
Sherlock was too busy shivering to answer. He was also, as John had noticed pretty quickly, having an anatomically correct response to the kissing. John was responding with splendid anatomical correctness himself.
Mrs Hudson produced Rosie’s little bee, hand washed after being rescued from Sherlock’s misery nest at the end of the sofa. “Bzzzz, bzzzz, bzzzz!”
They hear a noise. Throat clearing. OD is back. Mycroft and Greg look up. Allan the Obnoxious Date has his fists curled again. He takes a step towards them.
Sherlock was
“Make up your mind.”
“Have you done much kissing?”
John bit his inside lip so he wouldn’t laugh. He wasn’t entirely sure it was funny, anyway.
'No?'
An idealistic young man becomes a doctor, that doctor goes to war, the war changes that doctor into an older and bitter man.
John felt all of these as he turned and ran, so fast, so fast, not fast enough, back up the mountain path towards the Reichenbach Falls where he had so stupidly left his beloved to face his fate alone.
He had done harder things to protect them than stay home, he told himself. So home he stayed.
“Sorry,” drawled beer guy. “Moving boxes is thirsty work.” He backed to the doorway very slowly, as though creeping away from a lion he’d accidentally woken. “We got six boxes for delivery to D. Mitaka, New Order Bookshop.” His eyes flicked towards the name painted on the window.
“But you have less control and I expect the suction isn’t strong enough for this level of congestion.” Sherlock was already running his fingers over Rosie’s flushed forehead. She coughed. She sneezed gooily all over his hand. Sherlock became noticeably less calm. “How long has she been like this? Has she slept? Has she eaten? What about the humidifier? How often, in your experience, does a cold like this develop into a worse infection? Does she have an infection?”
"I refuse to believe this."
For a while they stood in contented seclusion, sharing the e-cigarette and listening to Rosie finish her tantrum while John and Sherlock sang to her. They could tell from her wild giggling that fathers, photographer, parents of the groom and best persons were all engaged in the task.
“And now here’s our barista, our John Watson, who found his soul mate in Sherlock Holmes. These two men have brought their exceptional gifts of making coffee and solving mysteries to our city, and Melbourne will be forever grateful. More importantly, they brought their gifts to each other. Nobody could see John and Sherlock together and fail to see how well they fit. I came to know them both separately, and each on his own is formidable. Together they are an example of friendship and love, a great working partnership, and, it has to be said, excellent use of hair products.”
“Mary has been listening to my father.”
“You’ll be doing it yourself in about half an hour,” Greg said with a dazzling grin, and withdrew.
“Isn’t that how it’s done?”
Molly felt bad even as John bundled her in a panic out the front door, saying, “No. No. You’re wrong. He’s up to his usual stupidity. Playing games. He’s on a case. He’s fine.”
“That’s okay, honeybunch,” says Greg, grinning wickedly.
Sherlock reached for it. Took it. Stood by John’s side and they smiled and smiled and smiled and smiled and smiled at each other, through the official words of the civil ceremony,  through the words that their hearts had found for each other, through the vows, through I Do, and I Do, and you may now kiss your husband.
John rubbed his thumb softly over the centre of one triangle. The pebbling and peaking of the nipple underneath showed clearly through the silk. Slowly, head tilted to one side, John teased the other nipple to hardness beneath the silk.
“We didn’t know if we should sell it at the time,” said Giles, “So it’s been sitting there, costing us in taxes and doing precious little else, except as an agistment for the neighbour’s herd of Red Poll. Nice cows, Red Poll. Very calm. Tender, their owner says.”
Sherlock, eyes closed, nodded. Tears leaked from the corners of his eyes.
Until he reached the broken plastic bones which stood for Richard’s. Until he saw the sculpted twists mirroring those of Richard’s spine. Until he brought forth the report of the death blows to his Richard’s body, his skull. The details of post-mortem blows delivered to make sure the brute was dead.
“Only fairly bad.”
“Yeah. They’re all right, my lot.”
“It wasn’t his wisest decision,” Leandra said. “But you were his priority.”
“I speak eight languages fluently. One of those is Latin. I say without pretension or particular pride that I am the smartest man in Great Britain, and probably in Europe…”
“I’m so glad you’re here,” she said. “I don’t know what to do with him.”
‘And to Chris. Let him know I can contribute violin to the next video, if he’d like it.’
“Caleb,” replied the redhead. Again that cute kinda grimace. “I
The pharmacist will not wake him. A grandmother now, Dr. Dopheld is also mum to an adult child who still carries the nickname Zombie, because when Hannah was twelve weeks old that sleepless infant
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s my tie!”
“What?”
“Sherlock too. A mess on his own, I mean. He was so much better after he met John.”
he announces the result.
‘I’m sure it was.’ But she seemed amused more than anything. ‘Oh well. I’d best be off. I’ll text if anything in your line comes up.’
“Then ask me again in six months and I’ll tell you what I think. For now, I think you’re both excellent parents. Of course she’s upset. She misses her mother, and she knows her fathers are sad.”
“Mr Holmes,” said Sherrinford Holmes’s newest son-in-law in a neutral tone. The man’s eyes were sharp, his mouth a firm line under that waxed moustache.
he whispered and John, sprawled beside him, giggled until he wheezed.)
John checked the safety rope was still well-anchored to a sturdy beech tree near the well. He’d placed Rosie in her push chair further away but facing him so he could see her. She was squirming unhappily in her own safety harness.
The title of this story is from Sia's
Khan’s heart beat fast as it ever had in battle, but he only moved behind Richard to cradle and rock him through the birthing pains. Richard breathed deep, exhaled long, and felt the life within him prepare to dive into the waking world beyond. He did not fear or regret her going - this glade was not for her. The living, waking world awaited.
Below them, Moriarty’s scream rent the air as they all three rushed towards the black rocks, the foaming river, the cruel earth.
“Look at us,” he said, fondly. Mycroft’s answering smile was just as foolish-fond, and it made Sherlock sober suddenly. This man, his brother, the best man at his wedding, was far removed from the dour, cold, sour, manipulative young man he’d been in Sherlock’s youth.
! Oh my god. Right. Right. Okay. Just.
“John. Mate. Everything’s fine. Your parents and your sister are happy to be here and getting on with everyone like a house on fire.”
“Yeah, but they wouldn’t be interested. They don’t think I’ve got what it takes.”
Together, Sherlock and John discovered that mortality offered pleasures and joys as well as pain and loss. They were friends, and then they were lovers. But destined? Soulmates? Never.
Mr Holmes Senior’s pale blue eyes were strangely luminous, as though sorrow haunted them.
That is how Mycroft found himself staring stony-faced at a baby while John went off for a nap, Sherlock checked his emails, and Rosie tried to reach uncle Mykwot’s nostrils for a good tug.
"Rosie almost pooed on her," was all Harry said as she went inside.
“Such. A. Liar.”
“Rosie, sweetie, don’t cry. You’ll bust something. Come on sweetie. Papa didn’t mean to take your fox. He just misses us when he’s away so he takes us with him. He’s nicked off with my sonic screwdriver pen again, the one your Uncle Greg gave me for my birthday, and I’m not yelling. See? Daddy’s singing the Doctor Song instead.” He swooped her around as he sang. “
bed sharing with the Musketeers!
Molly watched too. She also sighed. She said, “I never got to know Mary really well. I liked her though. She taught me something important.”
Rosie clutched onto the two soft toys and gnawed on Ducky’s yellow head as John steered the pushchair into the street and back towards Musgrave Hall.
Ben only grinned like he had the best secret ever.
Harry pulled a face. “You don’t fool me. I know how to deal with bullies. I set fire to their houses and their vintage Triumph cars.”
WARNING: Icky bodily fluids and gross but practical ways of dealing with them.
And not coffee inside, no, no, triple no.
‘We’ve talked about this in the past. You don’t have to save everyone. You need to look after yourself.’ Sherlock sat on the floor beside John and pulled him into a hug.
‘Same, same,’ said Sherlock, in a chin-up kind of tone. It made Molly laugh, reminding her that she and Sherlock had some things in common, still. Dead people humour, apparently.
“He always told me they were a waste of time. I explained navigation by the North Star was useful. He bought me a compass.”
century manufacture.
“Wrote that for you, Molly, my queen Molly.”
Harry heard Mycroft’s groaning ‘no’ and then heavy breathing and then nothing but a dozen light footsteps as the visitor left.
They flopped down in the shade after that, Sherlock towelling himself dry while John necked the beer straight from the bottle. He handed it to Sherlock, who raised an eyebrow at the picture of the frog on the label.
“How come you know so much about my family’s businesses?”
“I can. I will. And I shan’t. And you can’t stop me.”
And then his face did the thing it did when someone said nucular instead of nuclear.
The occupants were every bit as insufferable as John imagined they’d be. Harry smirked at them and then waggled mischievous eyebrows at Mycroft, who rolled his eyes in reply. Giles and Leandra looked ridiculously pleased and approving, though distracted at least from their revived grief.
“It’s my parents’ old home.”
‘All right,’ said Aramis, encouraging Porthos to come closer. ‘As long as you wear the hat.’
Her brother’s mouth swallows the stream in the field
‘Being ill is indescribably boring. And those sheets are gross.’
“What about you?”
His dad Mycroft might think it silly he was speaking to a dead robot; even his father Sherlock would agree. But he was sure they’d say nothing, only let him be happy. Everything he’d fallen in love with at five years old had been a gift of Opportunity, and he’d shared every gift with his best friend, who was still his best everything, encouraging him and supporting him in everything, just as he did for her.
Mycroft and Greg, both crying and laughing and kissing too, ushered downstairs, the guests all following behind. Irene’s fashion photographer friend Norton led the small crowd through all the best alleyways for wedding photos by the street art, beside the street furniture, around the old buildings and quirky new architecture until and at last they arrived at the rooftop garden for a barbeque reception.
“No pretension or pride at all there, nope.”
"You are! You are!"
‘What the hell is that?’
Sherlock came dashing back out and, as far as John could see, looking exactly as he had when he’d gone into the bathroom. Slightly neater, perhaps.
“I don’t care if they do or not.” Sherlock drew a deep breath and turned to lean against the wood panelling instead. His hair, instead of being slicked back in his usual severe style, had been allowed to fall in gentle curls. He was less self-conscious about them, after years of John playing with his hair, communicating adoration to his follicles with as much devotion as he lavished on the rest of Sherlock’s body, and his heart, and his remarkable mind.
“Phas!” half-shouted the brunette with a dazzling smile. The redhead only nodded at her, but his eyes widened as he noted Ben.
Until he pulls into the checkout and realises, when the cashier gives him a wide-eyed look and then a wink, that Rosie has unbuttoned him from neck to bellybutton and he’s flashing an acre of bare skin to the staff.
John was not in that tomb. Even Richard was not beneath that alabaster seal. Here were only bones and dust. Only the memory of a man who had done evil deeds. The Richard who had repented, who suffered and became redeemed, was not down there in the darkness where neither sunlight nor Sherlock’s weeping (nor Khan’s) could reach him.
He was just sliding in the 43rd, a tiny lilac coloured clip, when Rosie threw up her hands and frowned.
John looked at Rosie and then towards his bedroom, where he’d moved her cot. Sherlock looked at the bedroom and then down at Rosie. His arms tightened slightly around her.
“You did,” Mycroft told him before downing the champagne in a gulp.
“You’re under fucking arrest,” he snarled, but he looked over his shoulder at the sound of Sherlock’s voice.
To be specific, the very worst part was trying to amalgamate their two bachelor households into one large but not large enough two-storey apartment in Baker Street.
“Goodbye, Harry.”
“Don’t be stupid.”
Sherlock thought he was hallucinating when a panel in the wall of the room slid open, and a small and smiling man stepped inside.
“That we will.”
“You wouldn’t.”
I said: In these shoes?
The tissues he stuffed up his nose helped.
“Excellent work, Watson,” he told her, “Always leave an evidence trail. Unless you’re committing a crime, then don’t. I’m saving
John laughed too. “I’ve never been so glad to be wrong.”
“We. Yes. Were.”
Leandra broke the horrified tableau, striding after her son who was stomping down the stairs. Giles, frowning, exchanged a look with Molly and Mrs Hudson.
‘You sent excellent photographs of the crime scene.’
“What the hell is going on, Mycroft?”
Mycroft appears at the door of his room, reaches out. Greg takes his hand.
“Of course she does,” said Harry. “I miss her too.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"I do."
“Vi,” he said into the helmet comms, “I found her!”
Harry slipped into the bathroom, dropped to her knees so she couldn’t be seen through the narrow sliver of textured glass, and waited. She could hear a male voice murmuring, a truncated protest, and then an unpleasant, too jolly laugh. Frowning, Harry went to her hands and knees – a technique she perfected as a child, listening to when it was safe to come out of the bedroom or into the house – then she put her ear to the crack under the door and listened.
to ever be a prisoner of the patriarchy,” agreed Molly.
“Not happiness?”
“Will the weekend be much better?”
But – and Violet had once made Sally unexpectedly teary with this observation – Ford was much more like his mother. He, like Sally Donovan (once copper, now government agent), hunted slow and sleek like one of the great cats. Patient and precise, they moved carefully before taking what they want by the throat. Their prey might be different – Sally was after villains, Ford chased scientific discovery – but they had the same focus and similar methods.
“He loves you too.”
?” she asked.
“A scratch.” John put his hand to the blood trickling down his cheek. He was a good deal more hardy than even his Captain knew. “Do you think anyone else made it?”
“Hey!”
“Wouldn’t be admissible,” Lestrade said ruefully, tucking the bear under one arm. Donovan and her team, who had arrived minutes after Lestrade in response to the text Sherlock had sent earlier, were holding Smith and staring at him in gobsmacked horror as he talked and talked.
He doesn’t know why he likes them so much.
‘And you think he’s here in bed with me and my lady, do you? Is he under the mattress do you think?’
Mummy called. Together they watched Mycroft in his hospital bed, breathing unaided again.  Mummy’s cool façade cracked. ‘He’s going to be all right; he really is. My boy will be all right.’
Once he’d shovelled enough dirt aside, making a little trench, Ford began to brush red soil and bits of stone aside too. Stupid to come out all this way to damage with carelessness what he’d sought for so long.
Rosie sneezed and sprayed Daddy with baby snot. He gently wiped her face, then his own.
Harry decided not to tell John about Culverton Smith yet.
. The whole
“The finest in all the seven seas,” John breathed and he leaned down to kiss him. He moved, with such sinuous grace, so that all of his limbs held his darling in his arms, and Sherlock flexed his powerful body to thrust them both further into the deeps, where they explored new ways to be everything to one another.
And suddenly Greg Lestrade’s hand appears, takes the jar, opens it, pops the spoon in, hands it back, and John says, “Thanks sweetie.”
John puts coffee next to him, though, a bit too hard and loud, and Sherlock’s hand briefly covers John’s. Squeezes. John takes a calming breath and returns to his machine. The rhythm of the pour will keep him calm almost as well as Sherlock’s touch.
“Cherub, John. Really?”
“Fucking beautiful,” said John, “I love fucking you like this.”
“Oh John, its just hair. Mycroft was quite the dandy as a young boy and he instructed me in the finer points of dressing my own hair from around the age of four, I am well versed in the art of the chignon, French plait, upstyling, twisting and pinning, and the classic bun…Could you pass the jam please?”
“I know so. Anyone who made you happy, he would have loved. You were like a brother to Bill. So that makes you my brother too, doesn’t it?”
“Yes. But at least Watson won’t have to sleep in a draughty ex-nursery, and we won’t have to listen to the walls creak all night.”
“What is that? Is that fucking butterscotch flavoured?” Harry drew on it again. “Not bad, actually.”
“Sherlock’s fine. He’s pulled this shit before.” He sounded less angry now, more panicked, and then enraged again, “Fuck off!”
The small human baby-child person known as Rosie was gumming at her toes and burbling away on her changing table. Her daddy was doubled over, hands on knees, dry heaving.
“Did he complain much?”
“You haven’t been to see John.”
However, before unleashing this promising formula onto their precious daughter, Sherlock insisted on experimenting, to see if the shampoo lived up to its name. He pipetted drops of the yellow liquid directly into his right eye. After the screaming and swearing had died down, and John had rinsed out the offending product with the tiny blue glass eye bath he keeps in the bathroom cabinet for exactly these sort of occasions, Sherlock announced “It stings like fuck John! We can’t possibly put it anywhere near our daughter’s eyes!” John sighed, placed the rather dashing pirate patch over his sweetheart’s poorly eye and said in that voice. You know, the one that brooks no argument “Rosie isn’t stupid enough to pour undiluted shampoo into her eyes Sherlock, she’ll be absolutely fine” before stomping off into the bedroom for a lie down and a sneaky wank.
“Look. I’m pretty sure Molly would be glad to help.”
But sometimes a sudden rush of poo under pressure shooting up baby's back right up to her hair was enough to make even a doctor who had done his fair share of disimpacting retch.
“Of course.”
“I had made such a habit of it being a secret I never thought to tell you. I feel much less guilty about the omission now.” This said with a nod to one of John’s limbs which had curled out of the sea. The tip of it hovered close to Sherlock’s face.
“Ah.”
The promised “No More Tears” shampoo has raised the hair washing game as far as Rosie is concerned. Her daddies can now happily sculpt her hair into a unicorn horn or the classic devil horns without the soapy suds sliding down her forehead into her eyes and causing anything more than a minor flurry of the flannel.
“I got tired of watching the world above from the seas below,” said Sherlock drily. “I decided to investigate.”
Buzzy’s giant eyes and gormless little face gazed back.
He marched away from her, turned his back on Molly, on his parents, and found he was facing the rack of coats behind the door. The Belstaff. John’s black jacket. Mary’s red coat. He traced his fingers over the last two, then held his hand to his nose and inhaled. He turned away again, stalked into the living room, pushing past Mrs Hudson, oblivious to the looks of despairing compassion from the four witnesses.
Sherlock and John have stopped in front of each other. Not touching, unless you count their mutual gazes that go right past needing skin contact and light on each other’s souls instead.
John took hesitant steps to the bed. He placed the bear in Sherlock’s fingers.
John came home with every item on the list, plus a bunch of bright, assorted gerberas which he threaded into Sherlock’s hair to decorate him for being a hero.
Harry thought of all the times she’d gone off to be alone, seething or ashamed or feeling that rejecting others was surely better than waiting to be shown the door herself. Hell, that was why she wasn’t married anymore.
decided John would teach everyone some new vocabulary when Rosie found a way to escape her clothes and indulge in some imaginative finger painting.
“Molly says he’s not answering anybody’s texts or calls. He just shouts at the phone.”
Harry sighed.  “Never was a rum drinker, but I suppose it suits the peg leg. I’d have taken you for a whisky drinker, myself.”
John breathed. Exhaled slowly.
Prats.
“Tell me truly. How badly are you hurt?”
He cocked an eyebrow at Harry.
Tall, dark-haired. Hawkish nose and piercing grey eyes. Quite the handsomest man John had seen in a good long time. Most of the coffee shop’s customers in these lean days were a dull lot; either the old hands who had been coming since the long-past heyday; or lean young men who brought flasks of brandy to tip into their coffee and mutter about feckless schemes.
John pressed his feet against Sherlock’s where they met in the middle of the sofa. “My home was always wherever you, Mary and Rosie were. Here, Baker Street. They were both home, for all of us.”
‘I usually get phone calls about those.’ But he smiled as he inserted the ear jacks so he could unravel the mystery background sound in the phone message.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at John. Before he could protest that the word ‘meet-iversary’ was nonsense, John pressed a kiss to his lips and a small box into his hand. ‘We met ten years ago today.’
“Sherlock.”
. And he thought,
John stared at his hand on the armrest. It was shaking. Back again. Like the limp.
“Back in a minute,” Sherlock breathed hotly into John’s mouth.
Sherlock was silent a moment, and then he bent down and jerked twice on the rope.
“What were they again?”
“Nathan and Howard Garrideb. Who’s this John Garrideb the paper mentioned?”
“I know. I’m not stupid. And ah. You know. Glad to see you home. Well, nearly.  Promise me you won’t end up nesting in the corner like a deranged bear again. Though I suppose you’re more on the twink end of the scale. God. Does that make Johnnie the bear? You know what. Don’t tell me.”
“He was a brute, but we are redeemed, Richard and I. You and Khan. We prayed for it as we died: not ‘God, let me live’, but ‘Fate, let me find him. I will suffer anything you ask, only let me find him’.  Fate was kind. I suffered willingly, and so did you, and here we are. Ssh, now.”
“John. If you refer to Mycroft as the bride one more time, I swear I will tell him and you’ll be wearing concrete boots before the day is over!” Sherlock said watching as Rosie squirmed into her bridesmaid dress.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I gave a note to Harry. Didn’t she give it to you?”
John held out his hand and Sherlock strode through the room, oblivious to their guests, eyes only for his fiancé. Drawn like magnets, they held hands and beamed at each other and remembered to say their vows on cue.
Harry smiled wearily. “I guess so. I don't actually know what I've come for. Seemed the thing. It sucks to be hanging onto all those monkeys and be alone too. I'll piss off back to the house if you want.”
The sister runs swiftly past willow and beech
“No you won’t. Tut, tut, let me take that. Who would you be calling? Oh. Your infamous brother. I don’t think so.  And heeeeere we go. The midazolam is taking effect now. You’ll be dizzy a while, but you won’t remember a thing. It’s a kindness, isn’t it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
But a case gainsays almost all other things, in the life of Sherlock Holmes and his John Watson, and thus they took themselves to that city of football and a dead king.
“Make sure you see to those,” said Sherlock at last. “You don’t want to scar.”
“Hi Oppy,” he said. “We’ve missed you.”
“John, this is from Sherlock.” Harry offered John the folded piece of paper. John stared at her hand.
Harry sighed. “I’ll stay,” she said. She left her brother watching Rosie, gaze full of piercing love and deep anguish, to put on the kettle.
“And what do you need evidence for?” asks Greg stiffly.
John, holding the bear under one arm, followed Leandra and Giles down the corridor, to a bright walkway, its curved windows arched overhead, which led to the Culverton Smith wing.
“I think it’s imperative you show me stage three.”
“Sherlock isn’t with you?”
Sherlock looked up sharply at that.
“So there’s no harm in having her sleep in our room.”
“The explanation is elementary, I assure you,” said the man, “And I would be very willing to explain it to you over coffee, if it weren’t also obvious that you dislike the brew.”
“I suppose he does. A bit.”
Before Aramis could make a responding pun about ammunition, the door flew open. Porthos covered Aramis’s body with his own. Aramis pulled the blanket up to cover all but his eyes. Both affected to look deeply affronted at the intruder.
'What's this?'
“A friend of someone from… from my… therapy group.”
“Yes there was a case. I solved it tonight. He’s been banned from the library and is trying to get back into the right part of the reading room to retrieve an unlogged and valuable document he found between the pages of a stack of Stratford council records from 1646. Shakespeare sonnet or something. I expect he meant to sell it.”
“Have you seen her bee? She cried all morning for it. I looked everywhere. Cried herself out in the end. I haven’t looked under the bed yet.” He didn’t move though. He stayed where he was, watching his baby girl sleep.
He shook his head and held harder still. Giles kissed his son’s hair, wrapped his arms around his family and held them both.
Me Watson is smart as they come, so this morning he filled a bottle with yesterday's tar-thick espresso and he god damn went about his day. A day that has included dropping Rosie off with Mrs. Hudson for two hours so he could run to the Met to sign a few statements, a day that has included running to the chemist to get colic medicine for his little baby girl who is cute as a dandelion puff yes, but who will kill him before she's even four months old.
“Yes,” Sherlock conceded, “We will. All the criminal masterminds we’ve defeated, and we’re at the whim of a six month old child with no teeth and a terrible sense of humour.”
“Not Nathan or Howard,” said Mycroft, throwing the paper down in disgust. “Another one. John Garrideb.”
“You look like her. Same eyes. When I met you today, I thought. I thought. I never meant to hurt her. I tried to save her. I wanted to save her.”
Instead of being impressed, Harry rolled her eyes. “Melodramatic much? Oh, don’t pull that face. You’re not like that brother of yours, prancing about and then looking sideways at Johnnie to see if he’s got a stiffy yet.” She laughed at the horrified look on Mycroft’s face. “But seriously. Smith’s a creeper, I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s up to creeper shit.”
(That Saturday afternoon, with Rosie on a visit to her Aunt Molly, was an especially exhausting/satisfying one. John still has the book. Sherlock has smiley-face-exclaimed on a few similar passages and they’re working through them.)
“Wedding cake.”
John grinned as he flicked through the paper. 'Not since the Great Egg Nog Incident of '18.'
“Any silver?”
Sherlock’s lacklustre eyes met John’s, and Sherlock winced. “I don’t want him here.”
, thinks Greg.
“Yeah. Well. No. But yeah.”
Molly knocked and knocked. Called out. John didn’t reply again. Molly heard Rosie’s crying turn to distressed wailing, and she could hear John’s low voice sounding increasingly desperate.
“It won’t matter,” mutters Sally. “It still won’t be law. It won’t make up for all the shit that’s happened. Do you know how many kids have been calling the suicide lines? How many adults?”
“Get John. No. Wait. He can’t. He’s got Little Watson to look after. What does he need me for? Forget that. Who’s Mycroft’s doctor. Nothing but the best for my brother. That’s who I want.”
“Depends on your date of course. Might go to stage two quickly, if they’re keen.”
“Do you prefer
“I brought you a visitor,” said Giles.
His father nodded, and hugged him. Then his mum fluttered out, asking which bag her make-up was in, stopping to hug him. So much hugging. Not the family habit, except suddenly it seemed it was. “You look so well, darling. Honestly. You look so happy. I’m so happy for you.” She was weepy.
And then the tips of John’s eight limbs touched the sea floor and he swarmed up close to his darling and noticed something he ought to have seen three yards from shore, if he had not been so concerned with how Sherlock might react to discovering his true nature.
Boredom and worry had finally driven Sherlock to tidy up his reference files. He was stowing the last labelled box in the spare room (John’s old room) when Sherlock heard the thump.
John, a hand on Sherlock’s waist, somehow still hugging him as he moved, slipped behind Sherlock and kissed the nape of his neck. “This works too, and can be very intimate. More intimate, sometimes.”
The happiest, the very happiest of men.
Wait.
““You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive.”
“She can’t breathe, all right, and we don’t have an aspirator because we’re idiots and she is getting a fever and she can’t breathe, and do you have any idea how many babies develop complications? Ear infections, eye infections, strep throat, bacterial sinusitis, bronchitis,
Mycroft hasn’t seen. Greg’s swaying hips bump into Mycroft as he passes behind the table, and knocks a drink that’s just arrived across the table so it dribbles in OD’s lap.
“Are they happy?” Mr Holmes Senior asked Mrs Hudson.
Phas steered Ben to a chair.
She was, he decided, his favourite pest.
“John,” said Sherlock hoarsely.
“Not as much as you’d think.” Sherlock peered down the drive to where he could see Harry talking animatedly to Mycroft as she pushed his wheelchair back towards the house. “He was fairly willing, as I recall. I was Blackbeard, Victor was always Redbeard. After his family moved away so suddenly, I was miserable, so Daddy got me a dog. A red setter. He was Redbeard too, named for Victor. We’d moved to the cottage by then. Redbeard the dog was an excellent boyhood companion, until he developed a tumour. The cancer spread and he had to be put down.” Sherlock turned away from the drive and rubbed his thumb gently across John’s cheek. “I vowed at the time not to have a friend again ever, if all they were going to do was leave me. Fortunately, I met someone else who wanted to have adventures with me, and he’s still here, so there’s an improvement.”
Sherlock bopped her on the nose with his finger and she laughed, grabbing for his hand. John waved his hand where she could see and then reached out to bop Sherlock’s nose. Rosie squealed happily, waving her arms and bouncing on the spot.
“Leicester.”
“Is Rosie all right?”
'John.'
“He wasn’t talking about their temperaments, Bunny,” said Leandra with an indulgent smile.
They held hands and walked back to the hall.
And then he disappeared into the bathroom.
“What the fuck are you doing?”
“How do you know I did the Daddy Dance?”
"Fine. Yes." Maybe Sherlock would have forgotten by tomorrow.
Mycroft, not knowing what to say to sincerity that was saying so many other things, including Thank You, only said. “Go home. Give my regards to the Little Watson.”
“Giles, Leandra,” said John, “I don’t want to impose but I don’t want to wake Rosie. Is it all right if I leave her with you for a little while?”
“Leandra, we…”
“Fourteen so far. My second favourite face is your brother’s. Not the one when I said I would kill him. He seemed rather stoic, which is a bit dull. But when I told him this morning I was going to kill
“I know,” said Harry. “I’m sorry.”
The double launch at New Order Bookshop was a great success. All the chatter and social media build up meant people were lining up around the block to meet the writers and get signed copies of Red Saber Press’s double whammy of
Sherlock woke up to the sound of Rosie grizzling with discomfort in her cot. John was still sitting up but seemed asleep. Sherlock slipped out of bed and went to their daughter. He lifted her into his arms and she flailed her legs.
“Man, you scared the shit out of me!”
“So you’re curious.”
) and this thing here, with Rosie, this thing here was nothing like those things there. Rosie was going to be fine.
Suddenly angry, Sherlock swept from the sight of Richard’s ignominy and suffering. He stalked across the square and into the cathedral, to see it for himself.
all right,” Sherlock said.
Smith, laughing, said. “The saline is full of sedative. He’ll be slipping away soon. Overdosed. I still win.”
“Fuck this guilt thing, Mycroft. You’ve got so many monkeys on your back. You’d have to be a moron not to see the circus you carry around, even if you act like it’s nothing. But it’s all just shitty. The person who killed Mary is the bitch who pulled the trigger on her and on you. What happened to your sister is just horrible, but you were all just kids. Maybe it’s nobody’s fault. Maybe it’s everybody’s. But what does it matter now? It is what it is, and you don’t deserve what happened to you. And I’m not saying that to be kind. If even my awful fucking father didn’t deserve to burn to death, you sure as fuck don’t deserve to feel like Mary and Eurus were your fault, or that you lost your leg to make it
“A drongo,” Dimitri added for emphasis.
If it really was her.
At least it was in the contract that each was permitted to purse their own interests without let or hindrance from their spouse, as long as it didn’t result in non-approved offspring.
He pushed John’s shirt up and kissed his belly a few times, because he liked John’s hairy belly a lot. Then he pulled up John’s jocks and trousers, neatly tucked in the shirt and did up the buttons, dabbed daintily at the corners of his mouth and reached for the bottle of champagne and took a long swallow of it.
“I saw Mycroft this morning,” she ventured.
In April, he’d watched his brother dying with a respirator on his ashen face and nobody there to speak with him, to hold his hand, to tell him (as John so often told Sherlock) that he was cherished.  Here, holding his too thin frame, Sherlock could only remember the fear that had gripped him then, and the memories of a happier childhood; the memory of Mycroft helping their mother remove the threat of Charles Augustus Milverton; the memory of Mycroft playing the piano at his wedding.
“On a rooftop, just over there.” He nodded across to the city somewhere. “It was very romantic.” He sounded both defiant and defensive.
'Yes, John. Your game. You took this downstairs with you when you went to fetch the papers. You pushed it through the mail slot for verisimilitude and delivered it to me, purely for the purposes of watching me examine it.'
? Oh my god. Maybe we should stay in here.”
Despite herself, Harry smiled. “I’ll just bet you are. How’s Mycroft then? Snitting, brooding or fuming?”
John Watson observed his new customer discreetly but intently from behind the counter. The handsome fellow wouldn’t notice the scrutiny, John assumed, because John was watching him in the reflection of the coffee pot he was polishing.
Pale alabaster, the stone over Richard’s grave was simply carved. The natural flaw running through it – a darker line, a crack like that which a sword had made in his thigh – was kinder than the flaws in the man had been. Sherlock’s hand trembled as he traced the line of the break with his fingertips; ran them across the edge of the cold stone.
“I visited his new grave. You’re not there at all,” Sherlock murmured.
“You’re asking about me?”
And then they simultaneously said, “What?”
“Sherlock, darling. You must stop frightening us all like this.”
Sherlock, whose expression had softened dreamily, cast a sideways look at John. 'That last part is not a secret.'
Rosie wriggled a bit and reached for the bottle John held. He presented it to her and she latched on, held between her fathers, rocked in Papa’s arms.
The field keeps them safe, and under we go!
“And yet,” agreed Khan. He held Richard closer and rocked him gently. “'Twas hard to see the ground on which you died. I wished my other self had knelt closer down, so that we could sift that earth, which drank the last of your life, through our fingers.”
At that moment, Armitage Hux looked up, caught Ben’s eye and winked; simultaneously, Rey looked at Ben, grinned, and winked.
“Harry? There’s no need to skulk out here. Come inside for tea.”
“Aye. And yet.”
But here Greg stood, as John’s best man, good friend, and standard bearer for the man who had saved John’s life after he’d been shot, and made sure that John had survived to reach this happy day. He stood taller, proud to be all those things.
And tomorrow, when Sherlock gets back from Galway—which is a very nice city in the very lovely country of Ireland which is an island right next to England's island—he will find his husband and their daughter passed out on the sofa,
“I miss her.”
. Myc
'John,' Sherlock berated him. 'You know me.'
“She. Rosie. Stays here. With people. She. Doesn’t go out. Without me.”
John Garrideb shook his head but didn’t outright argue with her.
He didn’t shower. He didn’t eat. He told her Mummy loved her and he didn’t cry.
“You are well, love?” Khan asked, before kissing his neck.
“I’m not hiding.” At Greg’s arched eyebrow, Mycroft added, “Much.” He heaved another sigh. “I’m merely taking a brief respite to assimilate the sudden arrival of the paterfamilias without all the attendant shouting and cutting comments.”
“It’s hard to make out now,” said Sherlock, voice calm but carrying. “But a name was engraved on the handle. James Winter.”
Sherlock blinked. Looked to the closed door of his private room.
“Yes. He’s something of a role model for my taste in men, which is rather predictable of me but,” he shrugged. His eyes twinkled at John’s, in much the same way that Giles sometimes twinkled at his mother. “It seems to be working out.”
, he’d texted.
When Sherlock has to be away, once he reaches his lodgings, he lays out his shaving gear and deodorant, hangs his clothes for the next day, puts whatever he's taken of Rosie's by the bed and whatever he's nicked of John's next to it.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cheers, laughter, the clinking of glasses. Sherlock’s expression was disarmingly touched, almost confused at the tenderness in his brother’s voice. Greg took up Mycroft’s glass so that his gloriously sentimental husband could enfold Sherlock in a tight brotherly hug, and then John.
Mycroft looked at her, eyebrow raised, as he inhaled a third lungful of blessed tobacco.
Sherrinford wondered.
Khan held Richard’s body close in his lap and nuzzled the verse of his abiding adoration into Richard’s offered throat and thrust deep into Richard’s body. Richard clutched him tight in turn, urging Khan to greater passion with his imprecations, pushing down to meet each thrust, his ardour as hot, his devotion as profound. Richard’s kingly prick rubbed hard against Khan’s smooth belly as Khan held him near, and each reached this love song’s loud conclusion within moments of the other.
“You want me to put my hand in there?”
'You'll only make yourself angry,' Sherlock observed absently. He was mostly busy peering at the box.
'Immensely,' John agreed.
If that was pink, if that was tiaras, then that had to be okay, too.
He heard a ferocious snarl. Grunting.  A steady, meaty thud, thud and someone else shouted, “John! Stop!”
Sherlock frowned. 'I examined it thoroughly...'
Giles took Mycroft back to his room and stayed while the medical staff fussed around him, to Mycroft's weary aggravation. He sat and held his son’s hand as Mycroft closed his eyes and pretended to fall asleep, until he actually fell asleep.
“You just said you woke up.”
“You do the bottle,” Sherlock said, “I’ll change her.”
Mrs Hudson wrung her hands as she led Sherlock’s visitors up the stairs.
Leandra, arms folded, stared at the crumbling stones. “It was. It had been. We assume some local children had been playing. Perhaps the Garridebs. Howard and Nathan were a little older than Mycroft. The family said they’d been in the village all day, and they swore they never did. The police concluded she’d moved the planks herself.”
He’s simultaneously relieved and full of jealous regret.
Neither moved for a while. John stirred first, kissing Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock reached for the packet of wet wipes by the bed and they cleaned up. The manoeuvred around each other in the narrow space, dressing. John helped to straighten Sherlock’s collar. Sherlock tucked down the tag on the back of John’s shirt.
Sitting so closely, of course John could tell when Sherlock’s body language changed. Not tense, precisely, but not quite as relaxed as before. He tilted his head back to look at the bemused frown on Sherlock’s face.
“Ah well. Your father and I aren’t precisely an unmitigated success story.”
On the fifth trope of xmas, my fanfic gave to me: Porthos not dreaming and Aramis whose eyes are pretty.
Giles Holmes squeezed Leandra’s elbow and they braced themselves as they entered the flat.
“Even though I’m crazy?”
He buried his face in large, rough hands. “I’m sorry. I’m. I didn’t know. I never knew what to do. I left again, as soon as I could. I’ve stayed away. But Howie’s got cancer now, and Nathan’s not interested in the cattle, so I came back to help. And I guess. I guess people talk. I guess I’ve talked. When I drink. Which is. Which is. All the time. When that reporter called me about your family selling Musgrave Hall, all I could think of was that sweet little girl who was the first friendly person I ever met in this country. How I let her down.”
“Ah.”
“I see.”
'What's this?'
I’ll find you in the morning sun, he sang. The Billie Holiday song with which she’d been farewelled. It seemed fitting to say hello with it again.
Giles stared at them a moment before he dropped his gaze. “Well. That's what your foolish old man thinks, anyway.”
She laughed again and drove away, and Sherlock wondered when they had become friends.
In the morning, Sherlock was declared fit to leave, especially as his partner was a doctor and could continue to monitor his health at home.
“Yes. We do. Thank you.”
it! My own brother thought I was capable of it. And even when your brother logicked it out that it wasn't me, I didn’t have the first clue how to feel. Glad he was dead? Sick at how he died? Relieved? Angry? Cheated? All of the above? Fucked if I know even now. Fucked if I know how to be kind either.”
“I’m okay,” Sherlock was saying hoarsely. “I took the needle out. Soon as the nurse was gone. A little dopey. I’m fine. I’m fine. He didn’t kill me.”
All the justifications were thought through and despatched as Phillip eased open the side door, tip-toed his huge self across a stretch of concrete and burrowed into the sheltering shade of a big, droopy tree.
Despite his clenched fists, Harry could see the tremor in his left hand. She hadn’t seen that since after he’d left the army hospital. It had vanished after John had moved into Baker Street with Sherlock. It had returned briefly after Sherlock had jumped from the rooftop. Pretended to jump.
Hence today.
‘Of course he will,’ said Sherlock, as though he hadn’t been terrified that he was watching Mycroft die. ‘He’s much too important to allow a mere virus to defeat him.’ The old dry disdain tried to break through, but he wouldn’t have fooled a child.
“You recall. The Holmes family seat. Before it goes on the market next month. Mummy thought it would be perfectly splendid to have a family gathering to farewell the crumbling pile.” A hint of waspishness was in his tone.
“I do have a remarkably good 15 year old Bruichladdich at home.”
“You left a trail of wheel tracks on the drive, you know,” she said good-naturedly in the face of his scowl, “Even I couldn’t miss it.”
“Did you come looking for this, Mr Garrideb?” From his trouser pocket, Sherlock drew an oblong of waterlogged leather. “Or were you expecting me to find it?”
Sherlock closed his eyes tight and turned his face away. “No. If I’m to have a doctor, make it a specialist.”
"—papa's—"
“Yeah. Imagine how my right hook has developed since then.”
Rosie was lying on a baby blanket on the floor, crying, her red face scrunched up, fat tears leaking down her cheeks and her nose glistening. Harry scooped her up and jounced her niece while John stood by the door, watching them.
Reluctantly, de Brouillette left. Athos seized the door to pull it closed, glanced over to the bed and muttered, ‘Aramis, for god’s sake, take your boots off. They’re a dead giveaway.’ Then he closed the door on his two best friends to let them be.
Then softly. "Is it…okay? I mean you don't mind?"
Sherlock found he was looking for evidence of the other scar.
“I thought it was to prove a point,” said Mr Holmes sadly. “I don’t think the point I’ve made is the one I planned.”
Sherlock glared. John arched an eyebrow.
Rosie spits pureed pumpkin out her mouth and down her chin and on his shirt he’s been wearing for three days. It’s partly residual tongue-thrust reflex and partly the poor night sleep, which could be because her first teeth might be coming through. Partly it’s because her Papa has been away for 36 hours and Daddy is a tiny bit worried and also had to do all the getting up to crying Rosie all by himself for a change.
"Ros—" both daddy and poppa began together but the child was leagues ahead (as she always would be), and was already drawing a pocket magnifier in the princess' hand, to which she added a wedding band after a moment's thought.
“Everyone,” Greg confirmed. “Your folks seem nice.”
Certainly not him offering her every single one of her toys in turn. (They were flung violently away. Four of them bounced off his chest; one off his face. Her aim really was excellent, and she was hardly even trying. She was obviously the best and cleverest baby in the history of babies.)
“I am?”
“And you?”
He opened his eyes to find her offering her the cigarette she had lit. Abhorrent, strangely intimate, to offer him a cigarette that had been in her own lips.
Peeping out from the wings, on the verge of either quitting or storming out to confront him, he sees that Mycroft has been joined by another man. Around Mycroft’s age and not half as stylish. They’re whispering together. Fuck. He’s brought witnesses.
“Marry me,” says Sherlock.
Greg laughed. “I don’t think that’s precisely how I’d describe it. John grabbed a plate of wedding cake, took Sherlock by the hand, and snuck off with him. I’m pretty sure he locked the shed after them.”
“After Clara and I split up, she left for a while, so I could pack everything up and get out before she got back. Two nights she was gone. Had the place to myself. I slept on the sofa. I couldn’t bear the bedroom. I could smell her perfume on the pillows. It was bloody awful.”
Phillip began to laugh. “Hell, this fake dating is more hazardous than you’d think.”
Edie left and Greg waited while John gazed at the box. Opened it.
Richard’s resting place.
Leandra cried out as Howie waved the gun, threatening but not aiming, yet too wild to be trusted with the thing.
Today, reunited with his family after so long apart, John realised those fraught days after his discharge had never been them wanting to fight with him. They were just trying to understand, when he didn’t even understand himself, and hurting for him when he was too hurt to help them see how he’d changed, how broken he felt. None of them had known how to deal with it all. But now, on the other side of healing, where he’d found acceptance and happiness, there they were – happy for him, not caring that he’d changed, so long as he was content within himself.
“Don’t start,” he said darkly.
John, one strong, warm hand on Sherlock’s waist the whole time, moved in front of him again, and then took Sherlock’s face in both hands, caressing Sherlock’s cheeks with his thumbs. Stroking his ears. Gazing into those grey eyes.
“Sure. I’m twelve hundred kinds of asshole.”
“But here
Then Mummy called. He knew instantly that the news would be terrible. Mummy never called for chats.
“Hey,” she said to the still shape in his chair. She waited for him to tell her to go away. He didn’t.
“Should have read the bloody thing to myself before saying anything. Fucking idiot. I’m always such a thoughtless fucking idiot.”
“Wrapped it up this morning.”
What?
“Why would I?”
Mycroft cleared his throat. “Well. To lose one sibling may be regarded as a misfortune. To lose both looks like carelessness.”
“My son Sherlock,” said Sherrinford after a moment, “Was desperately unhappy. Dangerously unhappy. I feared for him. He became involved in something… unhealthy.”
John’s thighs, snugged up close to Sherlock’s bum, pushed Sherlock’s legs wide. He slid his hands under Sherlock’s backside, squeezed, then pulled the panties down until the band was trapped at the top of Sherlock’s thighs. The cloth pulled taut over Sherlock’s cock, which was beginning to thicken again.
Rosie’s second favourite dummy. Her plush toy monkey wearing the skeleton onesie (out of favour that week, but in demand again two days after he got back). Once, a half eaten rusk.
“John. John seems to feel.” He looked at his feet. “We. He. That is. At night. We.”
He built a life in the England that he found; he adopted a name. He studied medicine and became a doctor and went to war, all to alleviate this heartbreaking suffering of the world.
and Sherlock's delight in that preference, that there was always some sort of bee flip-flop in 221B the entire time Rosie was teething. That child chewed through more than three dozen pairs before John figured out that a great whacking hunk of hose pipe worked just as well and lasted a lot longer. Sherlock was crushed.
Harry blinked at her. “I'm... sorry?” she ventured.
John took Sherlock’s shoes off at last, and his socks. He pulled Sherlock’s perfectly tailored trousers off too. He took Sherlock’s hands and pulled him into a sitting position so he could divest his husband of coat and shirt, then lowered him back to the bed, still in those pretty lacies.
“Fine. So, move in slowly…”
“You surely don’t think that disguises the scent of tobacco,” asked Mycroft drily.
Aramis shrugged ruefully. ‘Alas, tis true. And I’d rather not duel the poor fellow into an early grave simply because his charming wife enjoys…’
Sherlock’s smile was very fond. “My father, the cow fancier.”
“Your mother and I were like that when you were born. We could barely let you out of our sight. Mycroft, too. More than once we woke to find him sitting on a chair by your crib, just watching you. Poor mite.”
John tugged Sherlock closer, nuzzled his throat, mouthed down until he found Sherlock’s nipple through the shirt; through the tiny triangle of white silk bra underneath, and suckled it through the cloth until Sherlock’s wriggle turned into a writhe.
He’d always been a little lonely, a little on the fringe, and had found a new way to be wholly himself in this country that had no expectations of him.  And then he’d found Sherlock, who wholly liked and wanted the new John that John had become.
Sherlock’s eyes were wet. The tears spilled over his cheeks and he shook his head, angry with his grief.
Harry sent the pictures to John and then, grinning evilly, rescued Molly by taking Rosie into her arms.
Rose, who knew that word very well,
Sometimes it's terrifying to grow up.
John surged up to kiss him again, deep, wet, hungry kisses, before he sat up and scooted back along Sherlock’s thighs.
“Such accusations!”
“Not so much a
Finally, the rest of his family were able to approach them. Greg wheeled Mycroft alongside the bed and retreated to a corner, out of the way.
Phillip fetched his cigarette and lighter, lit up and made an obscene sound of relief as he took a drag.
“You love ABBA,” Greg teased him. “I converted you, remember?”
“Mistakes.” He rooted through the papers for a photograph, peered at it and threw it aside. It was obvious he hadn’t shaved or washed in days; that he was living in this room, with a trail through the wreckage to the bathroom, but not the bedroom. Not upstairs, where John’s old room had become a spare room and temporary nursery for Rosie.
“The two of you. Her boys. Married.” He swallowed. “Happy.”
When Mycroft offered him the handkerchief, Sherlock took it and dabbed his eyes. Handed it back. Got teary again.
“Case?” he asked hopefully.
Rosie was making happy noises again. Sherlock pointed out some more cows and counted them for her. A cow mooed and Rosie squealed in delight and got the hiccups, which also made her laugh.
Anyway, the point is that the first time Rosie called her papa by his surname she had just pulled off her wet nappy, chucked it on the floor, and said, "I gone pee pee Holmeth!"
“I stood in here while my daughter drowned, and didn’t know I was losing her,” Leandra said. “I hated this place for years after. I should have known, I thought. I should have felt her in my blood, calling for me. I was her mother. When your child is drowning, surely you should know.”
And the swallows and the swifts, the finches and the pipits, flew overhead; the swans and ducks and sandpipers swam past, and the green world sang in Regent’s Park.
John unfolded the letter.
John could continue to pursue his interests in medicine, which was technically of no use or interest to his family, with their money and position. Doctoring was very much a lower class kind of thing, getting near the hoi polloi and their bodily fluids, and his family didn’t understand at all why he was dedicated to becoming a doctor. Perhaps, with the terms of the marriage contract being what they were, his new husband wouldn’t raise a fuss when John was finally able to start practising. Certainly he’d never stand in the way of Sherlock being a consultant, whatever that meant.
“At the ready,” Mrs Hudson says, but adds with determined optimism. “And the champagne.”
Mycroft was shaking in Greg’s arms. Laughing madly into the beautifully stitched shoulder of his husband’s suit.
"Rosemund," said Sherlock, "what colour hair do princesses have?"
Sherlock held an open hand towards Garrideb. “Tell me.”
“Sherrinford,” said Sherrinford, bemused.
, for how, as Mycroft disengaged the brakes, the DI simply seized the back of the wheelchair and pushed as he ran, full tilt, through the hospital. When it seemed that Mycroft might become unseated as they took a corner, Lestrade reached over the back of the chair to haul Mycroft back into the seat with a fistful of Mycroft’s pyjamas. When someone yelled at them to stop, Lestrade managed to grab his badge with one hand, yell back “Police emergency!” and kept on running. He tossed the badge into Mycroft’s lap and Mycroft held it up like it would magically clear the path, which it somehow did, as he shouted directions to the DI.
“I think Angelo’s got some behind the table. Come on.”
John said, well, John said a lot of things. That is until Rosie banged on the rug with both hands and yelled fuck-fuck-fuck and blew a raspberry. John nodded at her then, and agreed it was a masterpiece.
“She always was the smartest of the three of us.”
'Here.' John picked up the empty box and held it against Sherlock's ear. Then he bent close, his breath warm and thrilling against Sherlock's skin. 'I told the box a secret,' he said, almost too soft to hear. 'Listen closely. The remnants might still be there.'
Their mouths met, softly hungry, intimate and reciprocal.
“You live in a small village. People talk. Incessantly. This morning, I asked a few oblique questions at the café. And then I listened. To all the people telling me about the people who lived next to Musgrave Hall, at Ryder Farm. There’s a lot of talk about you. That nice Mr Garrideb, who it transpires changed his name to escape association with his father, a convicted killer. Such a nice fellow, who came to live with his cousins at Ryder Farm some years after that terrible tragedy at the Hall. Came down after living with more distant relatives in Scotland. I made a few phone calls on the walk home to confirm the details. Called in a few favours.  Then I went into the well to see what might be found to help me understand what happened that day. And I found this knife. Your knife.”
He tried to blank her out.
“Though I like Greg’s mate. She’s hot.”
“Oh, my angel,” Richard whispered, his strong hand stroking Khan’s face, Khan’s hair trailing through his fingers. “Our ends brought us to our beginnings. I am here.”
“Yes.”
“Not bloody likely. Did you get a text from your brother?”
“I know.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You should get one of those wooden legs with a gun built into it. You’ll be all the rage at spy school.”
hiding. A bit.”
“From when your mother twisted her ankle chasing after that fox with a slingshot,” said Giles cheerfully.
“No reason, said Sherlock. It took him another six weeks to actually start a conversation with this barista, John Watson, whom he clearly considered both pretty and not at all dull.”
“I lost my sons years ago, when their mother died.”
“Oh god,” said Molly.
He’d come a long way on an uncomfortable and delayed flight just to realise what he’d already known in London. His sons were both much happier without him or his notions of what should have made them successful.
“How… how do you know?” Garrideb stumbled towards him. Halted. Took a few more steps. “How could you possible know?”
“Sherlock,” he said.
Rosie made a happy noise and banged her hands on his knees.
They’d chosen that two and a half years ago, really. Mere days after their first kiss, their first date.
“I haven’t seen him. Since the funeral.”
“She’s with friends. For a while. I can’t always cope.  Last night wasn’t good.”
“Oh, this is just
“You should visit Mycroft too,” Sherlock said quietly to Harry. “I expect he could use a cigarette.”
Forty-eight hours later Rosie piled Sherlock's favourite blue scarf atop her head like a crown, clutched an Ostwald–Folin pipette like a sceptre, and pretended to give an interview to an unseen audience.
She turned and caught Sherlock up in a long hug, then John, then she baby-talked Rosie for a while. “Gran missed her Rosie Rose, yes she did! She did! And she’s been tidying up your silly Sherlock’s rooms before the rats started nesting in all those papers.”
“I’ve seen those photos of Captain Cutecheeks dressed up as a pirate. All those kids’ books with his name in them. Your mum told me what a thing he had about pirates. But you get the peg leg. He’ll be furious about you one-upping him on that.”
“The effort is appreciated.”
“Uh…” Phillip looked down his crouched body, and up into Caleb’s eyes. “Trying to not be scary.”
Greg kissed Mycroft on the cheek, poured him another glass of champagne, then took his hand and kissed Mycroft’s fingers.
for each other long before Mary showed up. I read your blog, remember. You were practically begging to be shagged from day one, and then he went and pretended to jump off a roof for you, because your boyfriend is also a stupendously dumb motherfucker. And since you’re both really stupid at the best of times, and right now you’re both also so stupid with grief you can’t see straight, let me tell you something. Mary might have brought you back together out of that cock-up of a mission of Sherlock's, and the three of you loved each other like kids love Christmas. That was fucking awesome to see.” She bit her inner lip, and John recognised it as something he did himself, and realised she wanted to cry and wouldn’t. “The three of you were something really fucking good in this world. But before there were three of you, there was you and Sherlock Holmes. You both loved Mary. You didn’t need her to love each other. You dickhead.”
They wear rings, they call each other husband,
John found he believed him utterly, and trusted to his good intentions. Not only for his handsome face, but for the way his lovely eyes promised some kind of adventure. John was discovering, in these last few minutes, that in spite of his terrible fall at Maiwand, in spite of the death of his father and brother in so short a space, in spite of his own impoverishment and lack of prospects and the burden of this business he’d never wanted – he felt very much in the vein for an adventure with Sherlock Holmes.
