He picks at the seams and it frays into the memory of Cas’ eyes, pale against the watery dregs of late-summer sunlight, and smoke, like rust, hanging in the breeze.
It’s enough, he thinks, and he pulls Cas against his chest and holds onto him until there’s no empty space between them.
Cas needs food and laundry detergent and coffee and sleep, and now that he thinks about it Dean is absolutely sure he hasn’t seen Cas touch his bed since he got back.
(One night, Cas had gone out, and Dean had tried to remind himself not to let the cold clang of the bunker door choke him. He’d waited a few minutes before following, afraid of slipping up and letting himself love in that stifling way that only ever left him with empty space to fill.
Dean closes his eyes as he grapples with September and most of the time, it slips through the cracks of its own shattered parts.
looking for Cas. Benny told me," Sam shot Dean his bitch face No 835. "And when Cas died the last time? You were practically a grieving widow."
That was a joke that the big brother could take, he probably had it coming anyway since he brought the massive box of pies. However, it still felt weird that this turn of emotions happened in mere seconds. After his little brother was all so thoughtful while mentioning their best friend and son made the sacrifice that occurred five years ago. Out of nowhere.
"I'm sorry that this happened, Cas," he whispered in Castiel's ear. "I shouldn't-I should just let you know. I shouldn't be too afraid, shouldn't be too prideful to you. You were my best friend, my
Dean should have a bucket list, and one of the lists would be “To make an Angel of the Lord moan helplessly”.
unusual. I mean, even with your roommate’s boyfriend or girlfriend, it’s just so weird to offer them hangover remedies or breakfast on the first meet, yeah?”
After telling his big brother to get up so he could unfold the sofa-bed (and Gabriel decided to snuggle Claire instead of helping), Cas heard his phone chimed.
There was hardly any audible response from the angel, but Dean could see that he was nodding. He moved his face tentatively closer to Cas until he could taste the angel’s mouth on him. Dean swore that he almost couldn’t contain himself not to let out a satisfied moan when he finally was able to taste Cas. After all these years he eyed those full pouty lips and wondered how it would feel to kiss him, he finally could today.
Cas could felt Dean’s soft answer came with a warm mist on the back of his neck, and he spontaniously took a sharp breath. A shaky one.
He couldn’t let his brain process any more words to say to Castiel, in fear that he would say the wrong thing. Dean placed his forehead on Castiel’s as he closed his eyes in content and absorbed the moment. The moment when he finally could let the man he loved to know how he actually felt.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean repeated before kissing Cas again, even when he was saying the following words, “Come on. I’ll. Show you. To. Your room.”
It was entirely unexpected for Dean to see Castiel riding his dick and holding his hand in such a dominant way. The look on Castiel's face was priceless. It was how he usually looked at the monsters who wouldn't cooperate with them, or sometimes Dean was on the receiving end, but this time it was different.
, since she was the gentlest, caring, and beautiful woman Dean ever knew, who always wished for the best for her boys. Even in the short six months Sammy had her.
After the tall moose disappeared to the kitchen with Charlie on his back, Cas turned to Dean, who was looking at him with a peculiar interest. “I am not, Dean.”
“I honestly have no idea,” Castiel answered as he took a turn to the highway, “did he say anything about his work or something?”
This time, it was Rowena who looked down to Dean and smiled, “Did he now? Well, I didn’t expect that from Samuel. He’s such a lamb. Ah, you boys really know how to get this old lady gotten soft for you. Now I could understand why Fergus was such a big fan of you both, especially you, Dean.”
“Aaah, that phone call! The brother who gave you that ring?” Dean pointed to the silver ring on Castiel’s finger.
“As much as I would like to support your idea, Gabriel, I think Castiel has a point here,” Sam offered his opinion. “There are seven of us here, and with them just in a car, that would leave five of us in another car. And even in Dean’s Impala I don’t think three people in the backseat would be a delightful idea. Especially with my size.”
He knew that both Charlie and Sam would thought he was a jealous fool, and would tease him endlessly on it, but not with Cas. Dean felt the man sitting next to him suddenly went stiff and awkward. And his guilt crept up.
Breakfast, or more likely brunch, went quite normal for Dean’s standard. Sam and Eileen cooked them an English breakfast, with fried bacon, sauteed mushrooms, roasted tomato, grilled egg, baked beans, and sausages. Turned out, Sam and Eileen woke up earlier than the others and went shopping for breakfast.
Rowena took a chair and sat in front of Dean, "You looked miserable. You even looked worse than when you were fighting with-," something just dawned on the Queen of Hell, then she looked around as if looking for someone. "Where's the handsome angel? You two are supposed to be inseparable."
say no to the place he just mentioned. And as he had predicted, the man in the glasses stopped his typing and looks up to Crowley with narrowed eyes, that was meant to be menacing, not adorable.
Dean sauntered to the spot where Cas stood and poured out his heart to Dean, all teary and emotional. While all Dean could do was stare at him.
Cas opened the door to his apartment, and was greeted by Misha. He walked to the couch that he used to sleep in with Gabriel. His place surely felt emptier without his brother and niece now. He couldn’t believe that until this morning this place was so lively with Claire watching her cartoons on telly and Gabriel whining that he’s hungry.
As he put the meat in the freezer, Dean looked inside and wonders if that would be enough, since he would also be making for Sammy, and his brother had an appetite of six people. Dean shrugged the thought off, if it wasn’t enough for the three of them, Sammy could always go out and get himself food anyway.
“I’m good, Gabriel. How about you? How’s your candy empire going? Or is it the porn production house this time?”
Even if it was only through the voice, Dean could catch the hint of sheepishness in Castiel’s answer. “That’s an awesome car, Cas. Do you drive it often?”
“Hey,” the tall man looked up to his older brother and the kid, “so Eileen and I came up with an idea this morning, and we agreed that this might worth a shot.”
He was in Dean’s house, watched the film with Dean, Sam, and Charlie. And Juliet. With bottles of beer and glasses of wine, they also just had the most beautiful dinn-
Then, of course, the roommate came into the picture. The roommate who was so beautiful and hot and made Castiel wondered whether he was also at the bar last night, and
“Hey, Cas, you got a-” Dean lifted his hand and reflexively took a napkin then wiped the cream off, but somehow his hand didn’t stopped there, they moved to Cas’ lower lip and he brushed them softly. The way Castiel parted his lips when Dean cleaned his mouth was really inviting. Dean had to work all his muscles to
past,” Claire spread Nutella on her toast. “When I first came I honestly thought I would see people in leather and chains.”
It might passed as a normal suburban house on the outside, but after entering the front door it would be seen that the exterior was just a façade. An iron staircase welcomed its guest and leads them to the main room, where there was a huge table, that might be used for family meal back in the day, and the Winchester boys used it to do their work-related activities every other time. To the right there was a small alleyway that leads to the kitchen, two hardly-used guest rooms, and the door to the basement, where washing machine and dryer were installed.
“Aaawww,” Castiel smiled cheekily to the other man. Crowley’s mother was a unique individual. Castiel knew how Crowley was in a love and hate relationship with his mother. She was a total control freak and demanding, he treated Crowley like a child, which was caused by their sad past life, which involving an orphanage and three pigs.
“I-I can’t do it,” Jack’s voice was shaking, and he turned almost paperwhite. “I can’t feel my power anymore.”
“I’m a guy with no proper college degree, Cas,” Dean answered, “after I finished High School, I worked at my foster father’s garage while doing a Community College thingy.”
Sam and Dean shared how they confronted Chuck to Rowena, with Sam carefully treading around the topic of Cas' sacrifice. He'd left that to Dean, that if he wanted to share it.
Juliet, stop!” Dean pushed the pooch’s face away when she started licking his face. “Cas, we gonna go shopping first here, and Juliet can’t come, do you think we can keep her inside the car?”
Both men were still for a few moments, enjoying the comfortable silence and pleasure between them until Dean felt that he had gone soft and he could pull himself out from Cas. "Oh, right," he looked to his hand that was covered in Castiel's cum. "I think I had wet wipes inside the compartment."
What he and Castiel currently having was exchanging messages, a communication method that allowed him to read over what he had just typed – which actually came directly from his head to his fingers, no filter – and read it over
Each year, at the end of the academic year, the school will make a three-night trip out of the city with the second year class, as a ‘treat’ before they get to their senior year to face the final exam. As for this year, they will have a trip to the exotic island just across the strait and spend the three nights there.
“Thanks for the beer, Nick,” Dean said before the other man could say anything that will lead to inviting him in. “I’d love to stay, but I’ve got a meeting in the morning.”
He knew that his companions for the night would find out that he’s been busy with his phone that night, but not this soon. And not with
It wasn’t the soft gasp that came to his ear, through the headset, that made Cas realised what he had said to Dean. It was the awkward pause that followed afterwards that made him jumped to his toes and started pacing up and down the balcony, suddenly forgotten about the cool air.
Based on the stories they had shared, Sam and Charlie were as close as it get for him to a family. And Cas was very grateful that he had the chance to spend dinner with them.
The question made Castiel blushed. Again. For the umphteenth time that day. If Dean really is thirty four, that would make Castiel four years his senior. “I’ll be thirty eight this year.”
“Oh, yeah, um … I,” Castiel pulled his drawer, then looked to the pile of papers and notes on his desk, before finding what he was looking for inside the bottom drawer, “I can’t work on them tonight, but if you want I can set a time for you to have them fixed.”
“I probably should like this place, Dean. Since you love it very much here,” Castiel let out another shy smile, that made Dean almost couldn’t hold himself not to move forward and kiss him.
Eileen took a deep breath, and the expression on her face looked as if she was arranging the words of her question to make it sound appropriate. "You really love him, don't you? Castiel? I mean, was this where he … was taken?"
"Okay," Dean kissed Cas chastely, "mine would be Tolstoy. I have to prepare you now, Cas. Please relax, okay?" once again Dean was replied with a silent nod from Castiel. Then he stretched his arm to the glove compartment to get a pack of a condom and a tube of lube.
“Is everything okay?” Castiel asked and leaned back to the kitchen island, with both of his hands holding the edge of the counter.
Dean's question was met with a low grunt from the dark-haired man, and that just made him chuckle. "Morning, grumpy. Man, when you're a human, you're not a morning person
Both Tuesday and Wednesday went by quite fast, since he got a flow of patients coming. Castiel had this thought that Gabriel put up his practice address and number at the exhibition, so anyone who ate too much sweets throughout the event can go straight to Castiel’s place to get their teeth checked up. Of course he didn’t have any evidence that will support his accusation, he did ask Gabriel about this, though.
you’ve been out there for almost an hour now!” Dean voice started to rise, “Look, we’ll end this call and continue with text. What do you say?”
It was clearly lust that shadowed his eyes, and Dean loved this look on Castiel, so much. He couldn't keep his eyes off Castiel who was bouncing up and down on his dick and making obscene sounds and expressions, practically creating a show for Dean.
“You’re funny, Doctor,” Dean smiled and got up. “Look, I’m gonna go inside and get us drinks. Stay here, okay? Don’t move, except for standing up.”
okay, since he could still feel his face was wet of his tears, but Sam probably tried not to mention it to him. Dean pushed himself off the floor and sat up, with Sam followed and sit in front of him, still had that worried expression on his face. "I-I'm okay. I guess."
me, and all I could do was letting him down. I threw him out of the bunker, I beat him up when he just wanted to stop me from Mark of Cain, I couldn't save him from Lucifer's possession and from Lucifer murdering him. Fuck, I said "yes" to the other universe' Michael, something that he made it his mission for me
“Sorry, Chuck,” Dean started to step and approached Chuck, who whimpered and covered Himself onto the ground. It was a pathetic view to endure, even Dean knew that he couldn’t find satisfaction from killing Him.
“Shut up, Sam,” Dean put on his dark grey henley shirt before turning to Sam, who was grinning wickedly. “I’ll go. Okay, I’ll go. I look ridiculous, but I’ll go, so you won’t be hungry,” he grabbed his jacket from bed and wore it.
Cas smiled widely at the question, then he got up to sit and faced Dean. "Happy," he replied shortly, "and this time, I know I
Dean waited until Castiel put back his cup before giving another question, “Your brother, Samandriel, what major he’s taking?”
“Oh? I thought you were on my age. I’m thirty four,” Dean leaned back on his chair, “lucky I stopped you from keep calling me Mr. Winchester. That would be awkward, you’re older than me and you called me like how my students would.”
Something inside Dean told him that he had the tremendous urge to take care and being protective over a thirty-eight-year-old adult man.
As Dean met Castiel’s eyes, he felt the pain in his chest before slowly faded away. Balthazar might have Castiel before, but he didn’t now. And they had a wonderful friendship, then and now. Dean should respect that, even with the little green monster haunting the back of his head. And heart.
By the way, i based the canteen from the food court my old workplace used to have here in Indonesia, so i'm sorry if some of you might not familiar with the setting!
“Look, I was only asking, if you want me out from the bunker after dinner, it’s fine,” Sam opened the dishwasher and placed his used mug there.
for you," Charlie slapped Castiel's arm. The air between them switched, as fast as turning your palm, from mellow to playful. "I started to think that the Lucifer situation was not as painful as you mentioned. Michael and your cousins are fantastic for standing up against him before. Also, Michaela is
Castiel really enjoyed the visit from Gabriel and Claire. Claire made her uncles breakfast (and almost destroying half of the kitchen), and they were having it while watching Saturday morning cartoons. Claire was recently obssesed with a Japanese animation called
“Thank you, Dean. Oh, I’m sorry, are you hungry? I can make dinner and we can have it here, if you want.”
"Yeah," Cas smiled and had his left eyebrow raised cheekily, then he chuckled as he felt Dean's cock twitched. "You like that, don't you? You like it when I ride you, Dean?"
There were two kinds of mornings in Castiel's life; the ones where he woke up and got ready to work, and the ones where he woke up and
French-Scottish, yea high, has a libido of a hound? Seriously, dude, I never see someone throws more sexual innuendo in
Dean couldn’t help it anymore, and he exploded with laughter. One that came with his whole body shaking and got him claps his hands like a seal. It took him a while before he finally could arrange a proper sentence to ask Castiel, “Seriously? You did
The kiss was so much different than the ones they shared. Both the one in The Empty and when they just got back in the bunker. This time it was more intense and more tongue. When Dean broke the kiss, both men were puffing for air as they looked at each other, exploring the sight they've been longing for before them.
Jack shook his head lightly, "I think she could take up the shape of anyone. I remember Cas told me that The Empty came to him as Cas. Then when The Empty was about to take me, it took the shape of one of the angels, Dumah."
He lined off the phone with a sigh, as he always did whenever he finished a phonecall with Gabriel. Castiel then got up from the stool and walked back to the balcony – he put his phone on the coffee table as he passed. “Hey, sorry, that was my brother, Gabriel.”
“Yes, I told Dean here to be good with Castiel. If ever I know he got his heart broken, Dean will have me to answer,” Balthazar turned his icy blue eyes to Dean.
Both Dean and Cas were standing still in their position as they watched the human moose run to the bunker stairs, just like Dean did when he found out Cas was on the other side of the door. Next moment they knew, Sam hopped back down the stairs and smiled awkwardly as he turned to the car garage.
Cas had just recovered from his hearing that the name ‘Charlie’ was paired with a ‘her’, when Dean’s fake British accent came to his ear. “Dean, that was a good impresion of Balthazar.”
The table continued to be the most cheerful table among the guests, and to Castiel’s delight, Dean and his group stayed with him and Claire until Gabriel and Bela finished with the exhibition’s opening. They met with Gabriel’s partner, Baldur. A handsome man with gorgeous accent, that Cas might had a go if he hadn’t met Dean. Or if Baldur was gay. He looked pretty much straight.
As he sat down on one of the chairs, Dean knew that he could be sitting here with Cas in front of him, with his permanently-confused look that was so adorable, and asking Dean if he had any idea yet on how to sort out the case. Which, ironically, would mean Cas’ own situation in The Empty.
"Of course, Dean. We'll be ready by then," Cas answered. "Um, I'll let you go back to your driving. See you soon, Dean."
came to a halt before the huge door of the garage. Dean leaned forward and eyed the wooden craft, then decided that he might
money, from doing something that he liked. Moreover, he didn’t have to be committed to official work hours, since most of his works can be done remotely, or for some projects — like the one he was currently working on — on
“Okay, let’s get back to the bunker, then,” Dean shuffled to the driver’s side of Baby, “we still have things to do there anyway.”
Dean scoffed, “Yeah. He can be a bitch sometimes, but … he’s good. When it comes to friends, he’s really a gentleman.”
“Yeah, my brothers – and one sister – were all named after angels. Sammy is Samandriel, my sister is Raphaelle, and my older brothers are Lucifer and Gabriel, you might have met him inside somewhere.”
There was a moment where silence fell on them as they continued reading while eating. Eileen chose this time to break the silence and addressed her soon to be brother in law, "Dean, can I ask you something? You don't have to answer it if you're not comfortable."
While Gabriel went to get Claire’s non-alcoholic drink, Castiel looked around the room. Colourful chairs, pastel coloured ribbons on the ceilings, cuisine and sweets on the table, and the looked delicious arranged with several tea cups in the style of afternoon tea party. It’s like a mixture of Wonderland and candyland.
When Dean turned his face to Cas again, he nodded to the question. “Well, um, Gabriel said that their flight will be arrived at ten. So, I think I have to be at the airport around ten thirty?”
Dean blinked when the words from Castiel returned and echoed at the back of his mind. The suicide, nay, farewell note spoken, instead of written, moments before he let his life be taken.
Maybe if it was someone else, Castiel wouldn't care much. He would just make his move and make it all stealth and innocent, and he might get what he wanted before the weekend is over. But, he just couldn't if it was Abaddon. She was way too precious for him.
Dean rolled the napkin he used before to a ball, then put it next to his empty dessert plate. While he drank his coffee, Dean tried his best to find another topic to talk with Castiel. And his mouth decided to shot the first wonder that crossed his mind.
And why did that man mattered this much to him? He had only seen him once, and in a brief few seconds of staring contest.
“Well, from the way you two talked to me. Cas is the reasonable father, who would tell me what I should do if I want to survive in this world, and you’re more like the fun Dad. The Dad who’s more of experiencing firsthand and learning from it. You’re also the Dad who sometimes can be strict when Cas couldn’t say ‘no’ to me.”
Had Crowley conspire something for him, it managed to get Castiel’s attention at that sentence alone.
The air around the war table suddenly changed drastically. It was like a Dementor decided to make a surprise visit to the bunker and absorbed the happiness that was just there not ten minutes ago. It was even obvious to see that both brothers were acting weird and flinchy at the mention of the angel.
While she picked some of the chips to eat, Abaddon continued her share of the story. “Have you ever thought of settling down, Cassie?”
To had the statement repeated in more clearer way from Dean had sent warmth to Cas’ chest and pumped endorphines to his mind. He stopped and leaned his lower back to the wall of the balcony, “Sounds good, Dean.”
Sam chuckled, “Yeah, maybe that’s why I didn’t think of it until today. So, when I finally managed to eject Gadreel, Cas told me that there was something in me, something angelic that resonated with me.”
“What?” Castiel turned his head to his friend’s direction, then to Balthazar as if to ask for confirmation about this news,
“Oh?” Cas didn’t mean to sounded so plain, but he really didn’t see it coming. “What, uh, what did he asked? If I may ask?”
Dean shrugged, "I don't know. Maybe I feel good about life now. Chuck's gone, I have everyone I love under one roof. I have you here, safe and alive. I don't see why I shouldn't be happy."
Dean watched as Cas eyed his niece carefully until she disappeared to the other room, then he felt that there were a few sensation he felt in his chest. One, obviously, he didn’t expected to meet Cas here. Two, he would be a big time liar if he said he wasn’t happy seeing Cas. Three, he really was nervous at what Sam and Charlie would say about this.
“Nope, that’s Sammy’s. Nothing? Not even biscuits?” Dean walked to the fridge and stood behind Cas, opening the fridge wider. “Damn, you’re right. I ran out of snacks. Gotta get ‘em tomorrow.”
The man, who now dressed in suits - that curiously resembled an outfit that was once worn by the angel, Castiel - looked at the illustration handed by the sergeant in duty. A face that looked like it was painted to a skull shape, or a mime, that seemed highly familiar and most probably could be found in his father’s journal. However, the fact that this case could be called back all the way to their father’s journal, the very one that helped them to survive ages ago, wasn’t the detail that should be caught attention.
Of course, he would deny crying, even though he could feel the corners of his eyes started to get damp as he saw the sight before him.
Dean thrust into Cas, slowly to get used to his size and have Dean inside of him. As he adjusted his pace, Dean was torn between wanting to kiss Cas to comfort him, while at the same time he also wanted to keep his eyes on the looks on Cas' face as he fucked him.
After his desk was decent enough to be left for the night, Castiel wore his leather jacket and slung his postman bag over his shoulder before putting on the gloves and took his helmet from top of the cabinet. He walked to the front desk and tapped the desk twice to get his secretary’s attention from the Korean drama she was watching.
“Thanks, man,” Dean said as he lifted up his face, merely for courtesy, while walking past the man in long steps. He was just right outside of the store when he heard Gabriel called out to the man cheerfully (“Heya, ‘lil bro!”). Dean stopped for a quick second and looked back, curious what Gabriel’s younger brother would look like. Unfortunately, the man had his face to the counter’s direction, and the glass door had closed, reflecting the environment outside.
Castiel is enjoying me-time jogging at the pet park with his boys, Romeo and Misha. Then he met a surprise at the end of his run.
the real reason when Balthazar and Crowley spend almost half of the night exchanging notes about Cas with Dean.
The pie got forgotten after a while, and both men only remembered that they were actually sitting there waiting for dessert when Charlie and Sam (finally) walked out from the kitchen carrying three pies, cherry, apple, and pecan.
Dean turned the lamps off and opened the curtain a little, so there was light cracking in from outside. As he walked to his bed, Dean could feel his heart drumming wildly in his chest, especially when he saw Cas sat on his bed. Waited for Dean to join him.
Great. He was just about to make a move on his first man-crush, and already he got a warning. From said crush’s
Once again, Castiel had his lips devoured by the Irish man, as he had his t-shirt stripped off his torso. He threw his head back to give more access to Mick, who made a long stripe of lick from Castiel’s chest to neck, and ended it with a sharp suck on the pulse point.
Castiel took out the earpods and sighed, “No, I didn’t, because I believe you both are mature enough to solve this car thing among yourselves.”
The one that was closer to the entrance door started to step in, and that was the moment the big brother decided to take action, jumped on the masked man and slashed the head off with the machete in his hands.
Of course, the Blue Remington that could be found here is nothing like that. Instead, since the owner is a fan of the genre of film - and music - the name seemed suitable with the ambience and atmosphere of a bar. It’s the place where everyone knows everyone, the guests who dropped by seemed to bond a tight community where they could share a laugh, drinks, a few games of pool or darts, and on weekends they will burst out to mass karaoke sessions.
Eileen looked surprised and turned towards Dean, who responded with a grin and a shrug ("And Hitler."). After she knew that she could ask Dean for details later, Eileen had her attention on Amara again, “So, with Chuck gone now, can you fill his position? It would be cool to have a powerful woman for God.”
“Yeah, I don’t know how to use it, though. I asked my workmate and she said that it’s quite complicated and much hassle. So, first I have to get checked at a clinic around where I live. If they can’t sort what I’m having, then I have to take it to the hospital nearby according to their recommendations,” he paused to see Sam’s eyebrows raised to join the hairline, “
I'm currently trying to update this one once a week, on the weekend (Friday or Saturday), so you guys won't have to be left hanging as long as my other fic.
Today would be the day that reminded Castiel why he hardly took the public transportation anymore, especially during rush hours. He loved how the weather was when he jogged this morning, and that was what drove his decision to take the public transportation. So, here he was, waiting for the bus to arrive. The last two were completely packed, it was almost impossible to have more than two people aboard.
Hello, darling. Just got the news that the big boss will visit us tomorrow, and we will have dinner with him at 7pm.
Rowena tilted her head, "When it comes to you two, we always agreed on it, dear. Now, who's gonna share it with the class between you two?"
Once again, Dean pulled himself off Castiel and looked at the angel square in the eyes. "That-that I feel the same way. Of what you told me. I have been for a while, Cas, but I was just too afraid to say it to you."
Well, it was entirely supporting at the moment, yes, but for the long term plan, Dean would rather have what he had planned.
died; Donna, the girls, Eileen, all of our remaining friends. You-you buried Cas in a Ma'lak Box because he went insane after taking up the Mark of Cain. Then at the end of all things, apparently, we both were turned into vampires, then Jody and Bobby killed us. Well, you killed Jody before Bobby killed you."
“Ooh, we’re here and we hadn’t seen anything. Let’s take a look around, fellas,” he quickly grabbed Charlie’s arm and almost pulled it out of the socket due to their body-size difference.
too surprised, the expression on Sam's face when he was shown the pocket watch was of familiarity. Sam took the watch from Dean's hand and eyed it closely, "What was it doing there? I thought Chuck destroyed it?"
“Hey, that looked nice,” Dean suddenly had stood behind him – personal space be damned – and stretched his hand over Cas’ side to pick a shred of cheese and put it into his mouth. “My curry probably be ready in few seconds, so we’re good to have dinner soon, okay?”
“Thank you, Eileen. I really appreciate that,” Dean looked down to his hands, then he remembered that Eileen would need to read his lips, at least, to understand what he was saying. “I guess we’ve been pushing Jack too much today. We had him absorbing Chuck’s full power, then had him repopulating the Earth. Then, he had to release Amara from him, and practically crowned Her God.”
Mick lingered to give kitten licks to Castiel’s head before slowly he sheathed the hard cock in front of him with the warmth of his mouth.
"Yeah," Castiel replied shortly, although he noticed that from the way Dean talked and how he sounded, the situation between him, Abaddon, and Castiel also caused a burden for Dean. "I had a good time talking with you, Dean. Both times."
As Dean called his little brother, Rowena took the single page from Dean's hand. It looked highly familiar to her. She recognised the handwriting. She was familiar with the ancient design that framed the row of ingredients and the instruction. She knew the texture of the paper.
“Whose car is that?” Claire turned to Benny, who was waiting for her a few steps ahead, “The black Impala?”
Dean had to look down to his hands for a second to prevent the blush on his face made an appearance, then he decided to just let it be. “The house was fully maintained. Our grandfather inherited us a house that was bill-free for a lifetime! I have told you this, haven’t I? At your place?”
Sunday went slow and lazily for the three people in the bunker. True to Dean’s prediction, they spent the day marathoning the latest season of
“Well, I don’t see why not to the idea,” Sam then sat on Dean’s bed and looked to Jack, “The Almighty.”
Castiel suddenly felt a strong protective urge when he listened to his niece's answer, "Hey, you don't let any of them hitting on you, right?"
“I agree. Look at what a man did to the universe, this and others. I bet you can do a better job, Amara.”
“Awesome! You’re awesome, Cas!” Dean lifted up his hand and aimed it to the phone, “Come on, let’s high five.”
"So, Moose, lovely Eileen here just told me that we might have the same northern Britain origin. She was from Ireland," Crowley told Sam teasefully, and he extended his arm to place a hand on Eileen's in a way that resembled a royal prince to his princess. "Also, she's been dead, and you brought her back to life? I might want to hear more about that later, my dear."
The green-eyed man chuckled at the statement, “Don’t worry, Cas. They’re just teasing you. So, how do you like the dinner? I made good curry, ain’t I?”
He watched his students practised doing some proper lay-ups in the gym hall, and decided that they should do on their own for some moments, before he finally took his phone out again, took a deep breath and start typing.
“Okay, uh, what is your problem, Mr. Winchester?” after he was sure that he had had reasonable amount of colour on his face, Castiel lifts his face up to meet the green spheres again.
As the other three girls tried to answer the question, Alex shot first, “I like it. Maybe because I grew up with the ’80s and ’90s, so I love the ambience. That pinball machine is a good touch, you know?” she pointed at the machine with her thumb.
“I’m, uh, fine. I’m fine, Dean,” as he felt his breath had calmed down, Cas let out a smile and looks at Dean meaningfully, “Hello, Dean.”
Claire’s voice awoken Castiel from his thought, and as he turned he saw Gabriel smiled triumphantly.
"Well, it wasn't," again, Death deadpanned on his answer. "I did say that someone up there might be responsible for this, but it might get something to do with this ring."
Gabriel shook his head in defeat. "Sam said that he knows your Dad, that means your Dad is famous among young lawyers, right?"
“What time is your next period, Dean?” Cas quickly threw a topic before Dean realised what effect he gave to him.
"Do you think we can summon the new Death?" followed by Jack, who shared a similar expression as Eileen's on his face. "We were thinking, you know, if Billie could visit The Empty anytime she wanted before, maybe the new Death can also do that? As a perk of being Death?"
The brothers sat in front of the television while enjoying their dinner, Sam groaned when his big brother found
He didn't give Cas long to compose his breath, Dean's arms flew to Cas' hair and shoulders. He gripped Cas' hair, enough to make the man above him gasped and had his mouth parted as if giving access to Dean's.
When Dean got up from his seat and closed the back door, Cas caught his henley shirt and pressed himself on Dean, then on the next moment he sealed his lips into the hunter's for another kiss. When they parted, Castiel smiled to his favourite human and said softly, "I love you, Dean Winchester."
book. So, he’s the one with the dog that you want me to babysit, huh?” Sam’s smile went wider when he saw his big brother nodded sheepishly. “You know what, Dean, I’m not gonna go anywhere when you and Castiel are having dinner here next weekend. I’ll be here, I’d like to know more about Castiel. And maybe Charlie would love to be here as well. Unless … you want the dinner to be
“Yeah, I reckon,” Dean absent-mindedly placed a hand softly on Cas’ lower back and led him to the side since there was a group of people about to pass, guided by Bela, who threw a smile to both of them. Somehow the invitation to step aside went further to a slow walk around the room.
Castiel smiled while looking at the other men on the table. It had been ages since he had dinner with them, and it was still felt the same. The jokes, the laughter, even the way he and Balthazar teamed up to tease Crowley mercilessly had him in stitches of laughing too hard. He knew, despite all the moaning and grunts, Crowley also missed the way their fun-dysfunctional dynamic went.
“Really?” Dean’s green eyes widened at the information. “Charlie, have I mentioned that I love you?”
, if the hospital still can’t help me, I could assign myself for the treatment that I need, at a hospital of
Castiel’s phone chirped, notifies him that the driver of the car that he ordered had arrived. He stood up from his chair and grabbed his bag in one hand and the kitten inside a small box in the other. After turning off the light and locked the door, Castiel walked to Crowley’s office and said goodbye to the English man, who was still working on his paperwork with Meg. When he walked pass the lobby, Naomi was still there.
They hardly had their lips and hands off each other when Dean led Cas from the war table, but not to his room.
"Oh, um," the red-haired lady hummed and she looked around, wondering if there was anything else that the young man could help.
Rowena chuckled. It was evident in her cheeky smile that she had been looking forward to this moment to happen. Where she surprised the boys with a familiar face that even the brothers wouldn't expect to encounter again in any circumstances. She tapped the table to call on Bela to sit there, and the brunette obeyed the signal.
Sam blinked twice before nodding, "You were saying that you had something in you that worked as a resurrecting sachet or something."
muscle memories from there, including the sex. Then in the morning, where it was usually one of the partners leaving quietly, this one went out silently and not returning, probably until later tonight.
Both Dean and Balthazar looked up from each of their reading materials, “Yes, Mr. Cain,” and they both responded in unison as if a pair of obedient school students.
Dean brushed his thumb lightly on Cas' cheekbone. He saw that Cas was all teary, probably the same tearful look that he had a few days ago. Of happiness but also sadness. It was painful for Dean to see it, it wasn't a look that suited Cas. He never wanted to see Cas having that look on his face again.
Dean took his time to calmed himself, before finally showed Sam the pocket watch, that was squeezed under him when he fainted. "I, uh I found this in Baby this morning when I washed her."
Dean copied his brother’s action before answering, “I’ll get back to you on that then, Sam. Now, shower, then movie,” he walked to the other wing of the house, where his room is at.
They stopped when the cab came in sight and Claire gave the two men another smile and answered, “Thanks, guys. See you tomorrow then.”
“Oh, yes,” this time Castiel was ready with his most charming look. He smiled sweetly to her, and there was a tick of pride when he saw the lady’s face softened to a smile. “Can I have the standard pancake, please, with extra butter?”
Dean still on that particular excitement when he put the bags on the kitchen table, sorting them out and placing each one on their respectful places. He took out the
The three Novaks took turns on cleaning up, somehow the longest record was held by Gabriel, who said his defence that he was tired of getting the exhibition ready. And none of his kin would argue with that.
“Hey, Castiel,” Sammy went and gave the shorter man a hug, “is this Juliet?” his attention turned to the canine whose tail wagged so hard, Cas was afraid it would flew off. “Oh my God, she’s adorable! Hey, girl!”
Dean lifted up his face to Cas’ action, and looked both sides of the road although he knew that it was a one-way lane. Apparently he had very little faith in fellow road users. “By the way, yeah, I know this area, Cas. Come on.”
Castiel had never heard something so pleasant in his life. Or for the whole day, in this matter, since he certainly knew that he had heard something better. But not from one Dean Winchester. And this was not the time for some chick-flick moment, so he let the feeling filled him up before giving an answer to Dean, while smiling like an idiot.
Castiel sighed as he walked to the other side of the house, he had been managing his answers whenever Claire and Jack asked about his father. He never meant to give the problematic child’s vibe, but he honestly didn’t know what to tell them about their grandfather.
. Also, something that he knew would annoy his sister or anyone who talked to him and was on the receiving end of that finger, “I’ll go, Abbie, don’t worry. But it’s more for Mum. Oh, God, Lucifer’s going to be there, isn’t he?”
Dean didn’t realised that he and Cas had stared at each other a little too long, until Sam let out an awkward cough.
It took Dean a few more seconds before he realised that he was sleeping with a pillow on his head. However, his back might have a different experience, since he still could feel the coolness of the stone floor on his back. Surprisingly to him, his back felt quite good. Maybe the medical article that he read a few years ago was right, sleeping on a hard straight floor can be good for your back.
Dean was about to say something about Amara’s note, but She had already waved to them and disappeared right in front of their eyes.
Castiel huffed at the new fact about his niece, “No, but I’ll try asking my friends, maybe they know someplace.”
For a while, the bunker felt like home again for Dean. Although he couldn't help to diss himself for thinking that that night was a relaxing moment, even without Cas. They shared boxes of pizzas (which suspiciously had a very Italian name on the lid, and didn't look like anything Dean had seen from the pizza parlours in town). Everyone also shared stories to catch up with their lives.
Dean let out a sigh, "That we couldn't bring him back, and Chuck's final work of us, the one I saw from the watch, would actually be our future."
“Sure, Cas. Same plan? Cooking at my place? Maybe this time we can do the shopping together?” that was definitely a chick flick material for Dean, but he had forgotten that he owned a dignity.
Dean laughter suddenly boomed. He honestly had forgotten that it was supposed to be a secret that Castiel died when he was human the first time. While Cas was letting out his rant about the kept secret of him dying six years ago, Dean can only laugh and wrapped his arms around Castiel. Making sure that the ex-angel was too comfy to rant again.
The raven-haired man let out a ring of laughter that made Dean’s heart skipped a beat, “Okay, Crowley. Good night.”
managed to keep it going, and gradually made it one of the favourite local go-to places were already signs of him growing. Of course, none of it would happen if he didn’t get the help from people he loves.
Castiel was so surprised to have Gabriel read his texts, he forgot to move and breathe, all he could do was staring at his brother with his mouth gaped.
The questions kept on circling his mind until he arrived at his apartment and greeted by a kitten who bounced around happily on his feet. Castiel put his bag on the kitchen table and scooped the kitten. “How was your day, Misha?”
“You know him?” Cas suddenly felt uneasy to this fact, especially when Dean moved closer to him in a somewhat protective way.
Cooking had always been one of Castiel’s favourite thing to do. He used to do it with Gabriel, Cas would cook dinner for the family and Gabriel would bake desserts. Of course, Gabriel was the one who took up cooking – or baking in his case – seriously, and Castiel, being the good little brother, preferred to be the one who (would be) took care of Gabriel’s teeth, if ever he had problems with them because of the sweet desserts the older brother made.
There was a significant silence in the room after Dean shared the story. None of them is willing to start responding. Even Rowena, who gave him an understanding smile and nodded as a sign for him to continue whatever it is that Dean wanted to say.
Again, the elevator ride was as quiet as the car. Although the action wasn’t. Cas felt Dean wrapped his hand around his between their bodies, and when Cas looked to the man next to him, he was smiling.
“Well, that served him right,” Dean said bitterly, “he was completely stripped off of his powers, right?”
The red-haired girl squealed when the other girl noticed her, and she followed Castiel to stand and embraced Abaddon in a hug, “Hey, Abbie, it’s been a while. I’m good, still working with your brother here. What about you?”
be useful for him and society. But, Castiel decided that sleeping would be the best one, especially with his fur babies snuggling up next to him. So, he had to turn the air con on in his room and set the time for an hour. As well as the alarm on his phone.
"Technically, it's quite easy," Crowley replied as he helped himself with another glass of scotch. "If you had yourself an audience with The Empty, then you can ask to see Cas. I can help with that part.
“Hi Sam. I, uh, I also had a brother by the name of Sammy, it’s from Samandriel, though. He’s, uh, he’s a lot younger than I am, so … probably younger than you are as well.”
The poor man was asking Castiel, with his eyes, where should he disposed them, and Castiel answered by pointing to the door under the kitchen island, where he had a hidden rubbish bin inside. He laughed silently when he saw Dean’s victorious face as the brunet found the door, and then he showed his thumbs to let Castiel know that he had took care of their small accident before, then turning around to wash his hands.
“So, Cas, how was your adventure in The Empty? Oh, do you like the whisky, or do you want a beer instead?” Dean was now leaning his backside on the war table between Rowena and Jack. He smiled as he watched them went all excited in seeing Castiel again. Dean could feel there was a slight flutter of butterflies in his stomach when Cas stopped walking and stood right before him.
Dean could hear a soft chuckle from the intercom, “Hello, Dean. Yeah, I could see you. There’s a camera on there.”
The blonde girl cleared her throat before continuing, “I could swear I was expecting this would be a full-on rock and roll bar with people in leather and chains, and-”
“Wow, Sammy, I’m surprised you know the timeline,” responded Dean. “Come on, it’s called guilty pleasure, like you and that marshmallow nachos thingy.”
“Yeah, but both of us have had an understanding that we work better as friends this time,” Cas quickly added before Dean had any different thought about him and his former lover.
. Dean. He introduced himself to me as if it was something he did every day,” Castiel scoffed when he saw Charlie gave him a sceptical look. “What’s also weird, he looked so gorgeous being just awakened on a Saturday morning. He has these
Castiel smiled when he remembered the small talk with one Samuel Winchester after he and Dean kissed, and how he turned out knowing about Lucifer. "Oh, Sam knew about Luci. We were talking before and when we talk about brothers, he mention Luci."
“Dean is a good patient. He never screamed or ransacked my office when he’s in,” Cas continued and looked cheekily to Dean’s direction.
It took Dean a while to process that. First, he got the exhibition opening with Sam, Charlie, and Bela, and he had already asked Balthazar to be his plus one. After a ten minutes of heavy flirting from Balthazar, he finally said yes. On one condition, Dean will pick him up. Baby are gonna be so full this weekend.
in the package, then Dean returned to the bathroom. “I hope this fits. It’s my size, and you’re, uh, well, I assumed we’re on the same size.”
"Here," Dean pushed a pack of Aspirin from the plastic container, before returning it to the top of the fridge.
Dean didn’t realised he was rubbing Cas’ back to comfort him, until Juliet turned to look at him, asking to be pet. Again.
Both of them then continue their slow walk around the exhibition area and there were times where Dean could feel Cas’ hand brushing his, and he had to use all his might not to grab it.
“I, uh, I hope this won’t came too hard to you,” Dean started and walked towards Cas. Invaded his personal space to be exact.
A man in grey v-neck shirt and dark denim was standing next to them, he was holding a small tablet in his hand. His short light-coloured hair was being held up with hair product, and his eyes were friendly, as well as his smile.
Dean had to bit his knuckles to prevent himself from laughing. He didn’t know if Cas was telling the truth or he was just being a good storyteller, but Dean honestly could buy that one. And he really could forget about the candy exhibition, he couldn't take Cas alone, when it was supposedly Gabriel who was obsessed with candies. He probably would tell him about it later. “You said there wasn’t much on this boy, Cas, but he was interesting.”
told him this). He wrote down the address Crowley provided him and letting him know that he’ll be there soon.
It was only few seconds apart, but Dean’s voice now was filled with sleepiness, and again Cas felt bad for not checking his phone sooner “Still at ten, so I could stay in a bit longer than you. You’re ready for bed, Dean?”
I don’t need that much detail of you!” Abaddon threw a ball of tissue to Castiel’s face, who responded with a laugh. “Dude, that was really weird that he did that. Why didn’t you just take him to your place?”
“Must be very exciting for you both,” the smile on Castiel’s face went wider, it was as if he shared the same memory as Dean about the moving out.
"There was no Cas, Sammy. In my future, there was no Cas," Dean lifted up his face and smiled to his brother. "Cas didn't get buried in a Ma'lak Box. He actually died, The Empty took him. And I couldn't do anything to save him, Sam. I couldn't, I-I didn't do anything. I just sat there on the floor and watch him get taken. I was so
“Yes, Cas?” Dean pressed himself closer to Cas, and wrapped an arm around the dentist’s shoulders, followed by a kiss on the neck.
“Yeah. Yeah, I'm good. How’s Jack?” Dean tried his best to keep his tears inside his eyes, at least until he finished talking with Eileen. But it was so hard, and he couldn’t even keep his voice steady.
Sam's question brought Dean back to the present time, in his room. He cleared his throat before answering his little brother. "Mine had, uh, mine had us living after Chuck. Then we found a case, something from Dad's old book, vampires with mime masks, and, uh, we went. There was a familiar face, Jenny, do you remember her?"
“Oh,” Cas could feel his cheeks flushed at the question, he never expected Dean to ask that, “no, not yet. That’s okay, Dean. We can talk, I don’t have any patients after this.”
“Of course,” a smile so wide showed on Eileen’s face. “Since I already packed before, we can just go now.”
you're preparing for your plan after meeting him ready?" this time it was Crowley who sarcastically rolled his eyes.
“Okay, I’m finished,” Sam broke Dean’s thoughts, as he grabbed the doughnut boxes (he got two of a dozen) and put his money back into his wallet. “Thanks a lot, Gabe. I might drop by here more often now that we know each other.”
dentist. He earned his Master in Orthodontics from University of Glasgow, that’s where Balthazar met him, and they started dating for three years, before Balthazar ruined the relationship royally, when he told him that he wasn’t interested in a commited long-term relationship.
Abaddon showed her thoughtful expression once again, “Yeah, sorry about that. I still couldn’t understand why Dad was like
“It was,” Dean copied the smile, “both Sammy and I were collecting all savings we had to move here, prepared for the worst that we have to pay for our living at least for the first six months without jobs, and we have a house to maintain! But, you know what was amazing?”
“Whiny,” Claire sat on the couch next to his father and took the book that was on Castiel’s stomach, “what are you reading anyway?”
“Claire, that’s our flight,” Gabriel put down his book and turned his attention to his kin, before standing up and approaching his little brother. “Cassie, thank you very much for your hospitality. I expect it to be doubled next time we drop by, now that you have Dean.”
Charles Shurley - Castiel even changed his last name to his mother’s maiden name when he turned twenty-one - was an absent father, to say the
It didn't take long for Dean to reached his own climax, and he released it into the condom while still having his dick inside Cas. "Oh fuck," he groaned and placed his head on Cas' chest while he caught his breath.
“So you did listen,” Jack snapped. “Dad, I have work until late, I have the last shift. I will need the car.”
“Charlie, what are you, fifteen?” asked Dean, as he picked a spot next to Cas on the sofa, and nudged the dentist’s shoulder with his. “Ask Cas, he’s the guest. What you wanna watch, Cas?”
Castiel felt like his heart melted suddenly and prayed to God or any other higher entities that the kitten in the toilet won’t start to mew, “Cats? Uh, there were some in the canteen across the road. I … I just had my late lunch there.”
When he was sure that Jack and Sam had gone off from his sight, followed by Eileen, Dean felt like his legs turned to jelly, and he bumped himself down to one of the chairs there.
"Shut up," Castiel rumbled again before he pressed his face even deeper to Dean's chest, only to pull away a few moments later with a gasp.
“Okay, you can get up now, Dean,” Castiel turned the light off, and quickly moved to his chair before Dean could notice a small difference on him. Somewhere below the stomach area.
There was a mild reaction on Crowley's face that actually was hard to see, except when you knew him as much as Dean Winchester did.
Cas lined off the call with a wide smile as he pressed the phone to his lips. The image of him and Dean cooking in Dean’s kitchen started to dance in his mind, even though Castiel never been to Dean’s house. It could looked like anything and he wouldn’t mind. Last time he cooked with Dean, Cas had a good time enjoying the view and talk with the green-eyed man.
bad?” there was almost a tone of sympathy in her voice, although she was certain Castiel would know better that it will be temporary.
Then, of course, he recognised the comforting weight on his right that was practically half on top of him.
Dean shot him a dark look before continued with his mission, “Why are you doing this? Being a matchmaker for your ex?”
“Hey, Cas,” another smile was shown on Dean’s face, and he looked sincerely happy when Cas accepted his video-call, the grin that was plastered on his face had made Cas almost certain that the man was high on something.
What he felt now was probably his own ego, that was fed a certain amount of pride that he will brought Cas home and introduced him to Sammy, and showing off his bunker. Only to found out that that won’t happen.
Dean groaned. Now that he knew there was a good prospect with Cas, he would rather postponed the meeting of him and his brother as long as possible. Especially longer for Bela.
Dean couldn’t help to wonder and work his brain, trying to think of how he could get Castiel back. Another way than what he had floating on top of his mind since a few hours ago.
The last message was sent seven minutes ago, so Cas only had three minutes to let Dean know that he had arrived. He quickly dialled Dean’s number and waited until the other man picked up.
“Oh yeah, sorry about that,” Dean leant his backside to one of the library tables and folded his arms. “We’re, uh, we’re really fed up with him controlling our lives in ridiculous ways. I mean, our lives are not Greek tragedies, you know?”
How the three of them were living in the same flat, with Balthazar and Castiel as a couple, Crowley claimed that he never thought that he would need brain and eye bleaches until then. However, since Balthazar was good in cooking, and Castiel was the one with a slight cleanliness OCD, the third man accepted their noisy sex nights by going out to the bars until late. And staying over at his friend’s place on weekends to avoid ‘unfortunate circumstances’ during Balthazar’s Naked Sunday ritual.
The room was like Wonderland brought to life, candy bright colours and the sweet smell filled the room, in non-sickening kind of way, it made Castiel wondered if his brother was planning something behind the relaxing scent around the room. Castiel turned and saw a row of fluffy and jelly-like fat chairs on the side of the room, inviting anyone to sit on them, but at the same time probably glomped and ate them.
Cas got up and held his weight on his elbows, he had the same confused look again on his face before answering, "Yes, Dean."
“Ironically, yes,” Cas laughed, “well, not banished per se, but he did something that ticked our Father off, and Dad practically ignored him for some time.”
Amara chuckled, “I see you still haven’t lost your charm, Metatron. Especially now, after knowing that I’m not the bad guy, but my brother was.”
"There's nothing wrong in studying everyone you're gonna spend the weekend with," Charlie shrugged innocently, and made Castiel laugh again.
Sam had waited for him next to the Impala with the doughnut boxes. “Dean, Ellen had texted me. We really gotta go before another text comes.”
to do that for a long time, Cas," Dean's husky voice filled Castiel's ear, then he let out soft laughter that sounded weird. It was more like someone being in pain than happy, "Don't leave me again. I know it wasn't your fault, but seeing you died, again and
No, I wasn’t,” no matter how big his little brother got, it always amuses Dean how Sam always acted like a little brother that he is, and let Dean be the big brother to him. “How are you, Ellen?”
"We're trying to come up with something, Dean. Something that doesn't include being dead or making deals with
Benny let out another ring of laughter, “Brother, you can say that it was nobody on the other line for you, but your face and reaction was honest. In fact, that was the happiest I saw you since you moved in to your grandparents’ house last year.”
“What are you two doing out here? We were looking for you,” Sam stopped next to Cas, “did my brother made you uncomfortable, Castiel?”
“But this is the right amount of crowded, you know,” Claire mentioned and looked around, and realised that they were probably one of the very few customers who were still there, as the clock almost struck two in the morning. “Okay, it’s empty now, but before we can still have a chat on this table without having to have a screaming match, you get what I mean, Dean?”
“Well, the process for this grace extraction is far from comforting, Dean, so might as well,” Sam opened the wooden box and showed what was inside.
remember what Benny looks like. From what his poor alcohol-filled memory could tell him, Benny was a tall and buff man who probably had a southern accent, and there was also
The conversation was on hold when their main course came. Dean smiled hungrily to his roast chicken and rosemary, and as he looked across the table he made a mental note to introduce Castiel to Sam.
that went so perfectly well with his widened eyes and gaped mouth, of course there was also the bright blush on his cheeks that could even be seen at night.
Due to his antics, many customers would be oblivious that Dean was actually one of the important people at the bar. They would see Dean as another waiter or cleaning person, that is until Pamela would call Dean up to the stage and lead everyone on karaoke nights. And that was how Dean became popular among their customers. Ladies, and gentlemen.
Cas groaned in frustration and rolled his eyes before he turned to Sam and others, "So, I'm sure Dean had told you that I was taken by The Empty because I made a deal with him a few years ago. It was when Jack died, and we asked Lily Sunder for her help to get Jack back. I went to Heaven to find Jack's soul."
"Around ten," Eileen replied and showed Dean her digital watch. Something that was probably futile, since Dean's vision was still blurry from waking up. "Jack and I put the pillow and blanket, I hope they're comfortable."
could I forget? Thanks, Sammy,” Dean chuckled and headed to the garage. Again, he picked the Mustang, since they will be having Juliet inside the car. Sam was so excited to meet Juliet, he had a plan on his own with the rottweiler.
Dean followed Jack's advice to clean up himself, so he did more than brushing his teeth. He took a shower and washed his hair. Probably it was the talk that he had with Eileen and Jack that brought them to their first light at the end of the tunnel, or probably the fresh hot water that just rinsed his whole body. All Dean knew, as he walked out from the bathroom, he felt totally refreshed and ready to meet whatever the world will offer to him.
” then came the sound that had Dean quite addicted that night. That and the look on Castiel’s face when he’s confused, how he tilted his head to the side and narrowed his eyes.
The message made him smile, of the naivety feel and the time mentioned. Five in the afternoon would be perfect for Dean, since he would be finished teaching by then.
, you dimwit! Why would you think I'd be the one who would continue Dad's business?" Castiel had now sat up straight on the sofa, as he felt the topic started to get serious.
"Of course I know," Dean rolled his eyes, "Billie showed one to me when I needed to cage Michael in me."
The man who owned the car let out a guilty grin as the accusation slipped out from his friend’s lips. “My dad took it out many years ago, I never had the time to put up another one.”
Cas raised his eyebrows, “I’d rather not. Come on, Gabriel, Dean had to drive Charlie and Baz. The car will be too crowded with me there.”
"Yeah," Dean replied softly and tried so hard to keep the smile on his face, even though he knew that it would be weaker with every second passed. "But I was too stupid not to realise it."
“Thank you, Dean. You’re really kind,” Cas looked up to the PE Teacher, with a look that might as well was a neon sign declaring his love for the man before him.
Cas' eyes were shut tight, and his lips were half-open beautifully, as a variety of obscene sounds came from his mouth. Dean also saw Cas' forehead being scrunched whenever he had Dean pushed into him.
A vibration from his phone stole his attention from the rude woman, when he saw the LED screen a soft smile showed on his face.
“She’s really glad to have her paws on the ground again,” Dean commented as he took out the groceries, and he shook his head when Cas stepped forward to help. “That’s okay, Cas, you still have Juliet’s bag to carry, right?”
Dean shot a surprised calculating look to Balthazar, but before he could say anything, the Vice Principal had boomed, “Could you two,
The look on Cas’ face after they kissed, and when they were having a talk, Dean was sure those will come to his dream often starting from today. Now, Dean could hardly wait for their next meet up on Friday. And Saturday.
be accustomed to the details and facilities of his new house. Before he stepped out of his beloved car and split the double door open (which, however fancy it is, still using the old school way of keys and padlock).
“Ha-ha. Why don’t you meet our guests, here’s Charlie,” Dean moved aside to give way to Charlie to greet Bela, “Charlie, this is Bela, who gave us the ticket.”
Cas had to bit his bottom lip to prevent him laughing at Dean’s weak attempt of talking with Cas about something he might interested in, since it involved his big brother, Gabriel. “That sounds like something Gabriel would like, Dean. Will it be open for public later?”
A short, but collective, shriek from his young friends caught the attention of the librarian. Surely enough, they received a “shush” for the fourth time. This time, Castiel turned his head to see the librarian in duty, and right after, a smile was shown on his face.
True to her words, Claire let Benny drove the car from the next block to the staff parking lot behind the main building. When she got out of the car, her attention was caught on the large black Chevrolet Impala, that was still in her prime condition as if being in perfect care throughout these years. Moreover, it made her even more intimidating, even as a car.
"Found it!" Dean's heavy and hurried steps echoed in the halls, and they got louder as he approached their working table. "Sammy's right, it was-wait, why are you guys looking suspicious here?"
Dean stopped and turned around while collecting himself not to shout or curse at the fallen God. “See, that’s not who I am.”
“Good,” Dean couldn’t hide the excitement and smile on his face, when he heard the other man went completely protective over him, his phone and his car. “Cas, I’m about ten minutes away from the restaurant. How long do you think it will take you to get there?”
quiet—the perfect settings to drive your mind insane. I mean, at least in my Hell the torture I'd give you was a hallucination. Here, you're just on your own."
“Dean, come on. It’s been a while we talked about relationships between us. In fact, it’s been a while since I saw you that happy when you were with Castiel,” Charlie grinned.
Cas hugged his legs tighter, since the cold started to get to him, and he didn’t want Dean to found out. “When I was little, my father used to tell me a story about two brothers hunting paranormal things in America. As I grew older, and my father didn’t tell me anymore stories before bed, so I decided to continue the story. Personal work. I added an angel to the story, and turned out Gabriel read that I made myself as the angel, and he was love interests with the older brother. So … that was how Gabriel found out. I didn’t even realised that my writing had that effect.”
“Well, it was unintentional,” Cas replied, while slicing the chicken using his spoon, “Dean already put the meat into the seasoning, when I read the packaging that said it has to be cooked for six hours.”
Sam then looked so awkward, that could quickly raise suspicion to his big brother that he might or might not have an affair with the angel ages ago. He even could see the horror on Jack’s face.
The blonde man let out a ring of laughter, that sent warmth into Castiel’s chest, before answering, “I had an offer to work as a French teacher, so I thought … why not? I didn’t know that you’re in the area, until I met our Fergus at the cinema few days ago,” Balthazar turned his eyes to Crowley, who pouts and drank up his wine.
Castiel tilted his head before answering, while his eyes were directed to the table between them, “Funny story, actually. So this boy was close to one of his big brothers, who loved sweets so very much. So he thought, he could return the favour of taking care of his big brother by becoming a dentist. So, whenever said big brother had sweets-caused problems with his teeth, he could come to him at anytime.”
“No, I’m alright, Dean. Thanks,” Cas leaned back and huffed. He looked inside the room, there were more people than before there. Silently he was grateful that Dean brought him outside, away from them. He didn’t feel like meeting that many people at one time. In fact, he
The fat pause that filled the air suddenly felt so heavy. Rowena couldn't help but stare at Dean, who suddenly looked so sad.
Imagine another surprise they encountered, when finding out that they house was all paid, for as long as they live there.
Dean practically jumped from his seat when he heard the voice from behind him. He turned around to ensure that he was right about the owner, "Bela?"
Sam barked another laughter, that made Juliet – who was laying next to him on the single seater – lifted up her head and wagged her tail. “One of the cheeky angels? I like the way you think, Cas! You know what? I bet it was Gabriel. Especially
“Cool,” Dean parked his giant of a car smoothly, then he killed the engine before taking the phone next to him and presses it on his ear, “I’ll get the table for us first.”
A familiar face with a familiar confused look, a pair of bright blue eyes that implied as they could stare right into your soul, and the full lips that slightly curved to a tentative smile.
From the times he spent with Dean — both of them — he was quite sure that Dean was queer, at least a bisexual. He even foolishly believed that there was something to look forward to from the time they talked for a long time at the park, that they even exchanged numbers. Unusual for him, Castiel also thought that there might be something that he could look forward to from knowing Dean. From the way he treated Castiel from the very first moment they met to their meet up at the park. Including the number exchange. Apparently, Dean Winchester was just a really thoughtful person.
Their adventures during college days were also the reason why both Castiel and Abbadon knew that they couldn’t live under their father’s roof anymore. Moreover, to Castiel. Since he knew that his father was quite an explorer in his youth; however, after he got married, he declared that he wouldn’t accept if any of his children were queer. Something that Lucifer picked up, and he proudly announced it, even though Michael and their mother disagreed with him.
“This is my excited voice, Gabe,” Castiel sat on one of the stools and put his viewing aid on the table.
“Well, it’s my big brother’s. He practically gave it to me when I told him I’m moving here to work,” Castiel shrugged at Dean’s reaction and continued the conversation, “what about you, Dean?”
He then walked to the counter and smiled as he saw the options of dog food and cat food were stated as homemade. Each of the pet food was fashioned with themes, like meals that you would see in children menus. His smile grew even wider when he read another note that said for every dine-in pet meal ordered, they will lend a drinking bowl. The customers could fill it with water from the faucets inside or outside the cafe for their pets.
As they stepped into the bar, it was obviously different from the cafe that they used to visit. Everyone was loud and having a good time with their companions, and probably with everyone they meet. The tables are simple, no photogenic decor, they will be doing their sole purpose as something you would sit on.
Turned out his trip to the HR Department did not end in vain, they could cover the treatment Dean is going to later, all he have to do is giving them the full receipt from the clinic and they will process it as soon as possible, with or without the health cover card.
The yellow feline replied by climbing to Castiel’s chest and shoulders, while his human lowered himself gingerly to the sofa and turned the television on. He was halfway on watching a sitcom, when he remembered that Dean asked to be let known when Cas is home.
“Yeah, that means more for Cas and me!” Dean called after his brother, earning a smile from the other man. “We gonna have this for breakfast tomorrow, Cas,” said Dean as he moved to check on the stew.
“Yeah, can you believe it? That sonuvabitch even killed Jack once, and tried to kill him again later,” Dean turned to Jack, who was smiling up to him and ready to wrapped Dean in a hug. “Hey, how’re ya, kid? Did you do a good job in Heaven?”
. They didn’t even question my method, not even telling me anything had I done anything wrong or making them uneasy. They just accepted what I told them and made a collective complaints at the end of the day.”
“Yeah,” Castiel smiled and leant back on the cushion, “maybe if I’m tired or bored of my work, and Charlie’s unavailable, I might call you and join you.”
to do with any men,” she raised her hands before Castiel could say anything, “it’s a girls night out. You’re not exactly bad looking with your blue eyes, dishevelled hair, and your devil may care style if you know what I mean?”
Balthazar straightened the front of his friend’s jacket before answering, “I can just walk from here. Ride safely, okay, Cassie?”
“I, uh, I just got a call from the security that he might need my help to do a thingy with the electricity for the library. And, uh, I’m new here, so I’m wondering if any of you guys, by any chance, can help me with?”
The answer caught Castiel off guard, and he squinted his eyes while trying to remember if there was any discussion that would lead to this information. Then it hit him, “Oh shit, I completely forgot! Sorry, Jack, you were right. Naomi sent it to me yesterday, and she said she wouldn’t be here tonight since she has a family thing. I really forgot to share it with you guys. My fault.”
"Thanks, Dean. See you around. Thank you for the morning after refreshments," Castiel lifted the glass and walked to the sink.
"Okay. Thanks, Crowley. Oh, do you know anything about something being loud in there? Because Jack said when he was pulled out from The Empty the last time, it mentioned something about Jack made it loud, and it was furious."
Benny’s question made Dean’s jaw fell directly and he sits up straight, “That’s today? Shit,” Dean ran his hands over his short sandy hair when he saw Benny nods silently. “Ergh, I gotta reschedule.”
"Were you at The Empty, Crowley?" Dean threw the question that he'd been holding himself not to say.
“You have too many patients, Cas, I don’t want to make you look stupid, bending over to pick up your things, everytime you finished with me,” Dean looked at the dentist from a side-eye, and a smug smile.
"That," Dean was about to reply to Bela's words, but she had already disappeared before them. All he could do now was shifting his attention to Rowena, "Really? You gossiped about me too with her?"
They had almost finished the first glass when Castiel's eyes caught Dean was walking from the bathroom direction and approaching them. In a way, he was grateful that Charlie asked where the alcoholic drinks were before they came into the house. At least the effect after he drank the wine would disguise the blushing shades and heated sensation on his face.
"How could I forget that? That might wor-oh no, wait. We're gonna be back to square one if that happened."
I uploaded this from my mobile, so apologies beforehand if the format was a bit dodgy. It looked good on the mobole preview. Honestly.
On the other hand, Cas could feel his chest drums. Dean was actually asking for his permission, he wanted Cas to feel comfortable for whatever he will ask.
The war room suddenly got so empty and quiet after they were left alone. Funny how the war table seemed so big now that Dean was leaning on it while Cas stood before him, just like when they “broke up” earlier this year. Only this time, they were even closer.
After what seemed like forever for Dean, finally, the piercing scream from Cas had stopped. The angel was now panted heavily and tried to get his breathing together as he fell into Dean's arms. "I got you, Cas. You're okay. I got you."
Dean couldn’t believe his hearing. Did Cas really playing along with him, or was he simply oblivious? The fact of Castiel was a dentist with a Master degree made Dean realised that the other man should be smart and could work out Dean’s previous comment was actually a flirtation. But, then again, Castiel had this thing with naïvety that made him sometimes a little bit socially awkward. Whichever it was, Dean decided just to let it flow, so the conversation won’t stop. He really enjoyed talking with Cas.
"Cas, welcome back!" Sam laughed and ambushed the angel in a bear hug. "I can't believe my idiot brother's plan actually worked."
Dean ran his hand on the back of his head again, "I, uh, I know you're not gonna like the sound of this, uh, a few weeks."
“There’s something that you can do, actually,” Dean replied, and when he saw Amara had her attention to him, he continued, “see, with Chuck losing his power, there's a vacant position now in Heaven. Also, last time Cas went up there, he said Heaven might need a bit of help in running things and powering things.”
... I was killed by simple rebar. In a barn, only with you by my side. No Cas, no Jack, no Jody. Not that I'm not glad you were there, mind you, it was just so out of place. Even at the funeral, there were only you and Miracle, you remember, the dog I found after the Chuck snap?"
“Um, I know this is weird, but … I’m thinking of taking Balthazar with me to the exhibition. Do you mind?”
Dean was being smug that he cooked a beautiful green curry, that Sam couldn’t stop eating it, and almost neglecting Cas’ salad. It was until Charlie switched the curry bowl to the salad bowl, Sam finally swept the greens, almost leaving none to others. Considering he already had most of the curry.
butter — and orange juice in front of Castiel. Then the meal set of a cheese burger, chips, and orange juice in front of Abaddon.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean could feel his cheeks started to hurt from the size of his smile, “how’s it going?”
Maybe this was a good move, since the dentist who sat next to him was genuinely surprised. Dean smiled when he saw Cas turned his face towards him in a fast movement and his eyes widened, he was also that close to drop his beer bottle. Dean lifted up a finger in front of his lips cheekily.
“Welcome!” he exclaimed cheerfully. “Thank you, both, for coming. Something to drink? Not for you, dear, I’ll try to find something virgin for you,” Gabriel handed a glass of wine to Castiel from a waiter.
," the Castiel-like figure before him spoke in a voice that also sounded utterly different from Cas, with a peculiar accent that Dean couldn't place the origin.
Again, Dean let out another laugh, only this time it was more of pity. "I really disappointed Cas that day. I could see it in his eyes, probably that was when he thought the lowest of me. Fuck, that was awful, to see that look on his face."
to go anywhere without his two boys. Especially with then planted their feet solid on the ground, and in Romeo's case, he would just sit still.
As he heard the word breakfast, Dean reflexively looked at his wristwatch; it’s almost eleven. How long has he been asleep? When did he fall asleep?
The story had Dean even more depressed, he didn't know which one was worse. The one he saw or the one Sam had. Also, the fact that the future Sam visioned was actually what would happen if they killed Chuck then and there. Cas did take the Mark of Cain for them to be able to kill Chuck. If they made it back then, Cas would go insane, and Dean had to bury him in the Ma'lak Box.
The sudden change of topic made Cas thankful, and had a quick wonder if Dean actually had the attention span of a child. It was the moment when he looked down to his lunch, he wasn’t sure if he would still be thankful.
several times, he always found Metatron as an interesting character, but this was the first time he could hardly focus, due to the fact that there was one Castiel Novak leaning on his side, giggling at all the jokes and gasped when Metatron appeared majestically, before the angel got sprayed with a fire estinguisher moments later.
Castiel chuckled lightly when he saw Misha jumped to bed and started to play with the corner of the pillow, then he turned off the big light and settled with the night light before jumping to the mattress. It was when he’s adjusting the alarm on his phone for the next day that he saw the text message. And he almost strained a muscle from getting up from bed too fast for his own good.
“You want more beer?” Dean whispered to the man sitting next to him during the scene that he knew didn’t require much attention to watch.
After he finished his meal, Castiel rinsed the plate and put it inside the dishwasher, then he cleaned up the kitchen before going upstairs for shower and getting ready for bed.
"I think," once again, Dean turned to Crowley, asking for confirmation. He saw Death move his palm side to side as an answer. Dean didn't know what to make of it, so he faced The Empty again.
He didn’t remember the elevator worked so slowly, or even the distance from it to Cas’ flat was this far. He did remember the flat number and where to press to let Cas know that he had arrived.
Dean chuckled as Cas’ face brightened with realisation. “Yeah, that. I, uh, I reckoned your brother would like to go, maybe, sometimes on the weekend. It’s about candies and sweets, things like that. I know it wasn’t something dentist should passionate about.”
Next one would be a bottle of Moscato and Shiraz that Rowena had one of her demons brought into the bunker.
After Castiel finished his dinner, both men cleaned up the table and start washing the dishes. Dean even offered to drop the garbage on the chute just behind the kitchen area. He heard a rhythm of classic rock guitar filled the room, and Dean’s voice from the chute’s direction, followed by Dean’s announcement, “My turn now!”
On this side, there were three shelves, where Cas stored his t-shirts and pants, and a drawer that Dean was highly sure would be filled with undergarments. He looked from one shelf to the other, there was still no cat.
“Awesome. And …. Dmitri? That’s your real middle name?” when he received a shrug for his question, Dean continued, “How? Well, the Novak part sounded Eastern European or something, though.”
Crowley shrugged, "How should I know? I just got this position a few days ago, and apparently, someone, or
It might took a while for Dean to realise, but he could feel the other people in the car with him were eyeing him, as if waiting for him to say something. Well, not only they were eyeing him, Sam and Charlie were surely sitting a little closer than they were used to before.
“Alright, kid, you think you can really pull this off?” Dean asked Jack, who was standing next to him.
But, maybe … maybe if he could get Cas back, Dean could compromise with having a cat and getting allergy medicine regularly.
Cas caught Dean's intention, and he wrapped his legs around Dean's waist as he circled his arms around Dean's shoulders. He lifted his head to give Dean more access to his neck and throat. Dean knew that he did the right thing when Cas let out a moan, along with shivers that crept across to Dean's skin when he caught the spot on Cas' throat where he nicked it with the angel blade to release the grace.
Sam didn’t reply verbally, but his big brother could feel the bitch-face filled the air between them. The brother with longer hair then continued reading the notes from his work about the case he was working at the moment.
“Um, this is my patient, Dean Winchester. Dean, this is my old friend from college, and now my work colleague, Fergus Crowley,” Castiel stood up to introduce the two men.
“Fantastic,” Castiel walked with short steps since he still had his pants down to his thigh. Luckily, it wasn’t that hard to spot the toilet paper. Although he found something even better, a kitchen towel, that was curious enough was available here. But, this curious thing helped Castiel tonight so that he won’t question it. “You want?”
Cas felt a gentle burst in his chest that crept to his face. What did Dean mean by that? What was that about?
When Cas gave his answer, he almost couldn’t believe what he saw. It was small, but Cas’ eyes surely didn’t miss it. Dean was letting out a sigh of relief, and there was a small smile on his lips. He forcefully asking – no,
Dean then ran his tongue from Cas' collar bone, through his throat and Cas' chin tip. As he saw the man before him looking down on him again, the blues of his eyes were now mere sapphire rings around the blown pupils. Dean then brought Cas to the wooden table that was across the bed and laid him down there.
“We might be able to rip a portal to The Empty,” Eileen continued, “Sam reckon that there should be something on the books here about it. Or, if we bumped a wall, we might ask for help from Rowena.”
"That's even more suspicious," Dean walked closer to the table as if the other people there would pounce on him if he made a sudden movement.
“Thanks, Gabe,” Castiel returned the hug and chuckled when Gabriel placed a kiss on the side of his head. When he finally could release himself from his brother’s arms, Castiel turned to Claire. “Safe flight, Claire. Text me when you arrived, okay? Make sure Gabriel won’t embarrassed you on the flight.”
The youngest one of them smiled, and he closed his eyes. He looked entirely in peace and tranquil, as both Sam and Dean waited patiently while leaning to the Impala.
When the man before him tilted his head to one side and looking up while rolling back his memory, Dean felt like he was doing all the right things to have Castiel opened up.
He hadn’t even opened his eyes yet when he felt a poke on the side of his face, a furry poke. That was the cue for him to open his eyes, and receive another poke on the tip of his nose.
Dean sighed as he realised that Rowena might have a point. He then lowered himself on the chair across the one where the Scottish Queen was sitting. "I just remembered that Billie told me, when a Winchester died we're gonna go to The Empty, instead of Heaven or Hell. I thought that with this, I don't have to be half-dead to cross to The Empty. But then, I remember that we don't have Cas and Jack to heal me."
Yes, it might sound like something out of a cheesy romantic comedy or novel, and it would end with the ultimate pair to kiss and watch sunset together or something like that. But, will it really going to be like that? This is real life, it would be better to be a little bit more cautious than sorry, right? You never know what will be written for you in the future.
Castiel smiled at Pamela while shaking her hand, "Hello, Pamela, a pleasure to meet you. I like the place, it kinda gives me a nostalgia vibe, and the atmosphere's really nice."
Dean walked closer to Cas and had him standing face to face with him, then Cas felt a comfortable weight on his shoulders as Dean circled his arms lightly around there, “You’re cute like a puppy,” he answered and kissed Cas’ cheek lightly.
“Dean, I had set you another appointment next week for a follow up check-up. Same time as today?” the dentist looked up from the folder and smiled to Dean.
One thing that Castiel also looked forward to the most from reuniting with the whole family was meeting his brother, the other brother - Gabriel. Usually, when Gabriel went home, he would make delicious pastries or cakes for the entire family to enjoy. Moreover, it was always different every day and each year.
“Dean and I hadn’t talk about us since that night, Gabriel,” Cas explained. “There hasn’t been a good time to do so.”
Dean laughed at the statement, “Okay, okay. Look, we can get this one, do you want to get another for Sammy and Charlie? Anything you also recommend for those two nerds?”
“Those are my paperwork, I should’ve done them, but I was too lazy,” Dean explained with a chuckle, “and my two cups of coffee. I already had one before, but somehow I ended up making another cup, and now I have two,” Dean ended the explanation by switching the camera back to selfie mode.
“Balz, come on, if anything ever about to happen between me and your Cassie, please let it be all natural, nothing hasty,” Dean placed his chin on his palm.
He didn’t mean it. By God, Cas didn’t mean it, but he just fucking giggled. Fuck, he felt like a teenager!
“You know, we tried to kill each other back in the day. Yeah, this is so weird. It’s like running into somebody in high school, you know? Somebody you don’t want to see.”
Amara looked like she was in deep thoughts about Dean’s words. The calculating look on her face probably from thinking of her next step as a free entity. Perhaps for the first time since she was released entirely from her brother’s dependence. Finally, Amara looked up to Dean with a smile on her face.
"Before you and Cas came, Chuck used that watch for me to see the future, and that was why I couldn't smash the ball to kill Chuck," Sam answered and looked away from the watch in front of him.
Ignoring the question from his colleague, Crowley returned with another question, “Castiel, you remember when I asked you to babysit my Juliet, yes?”
However, when they heard footsteps coming into the library's direction, they quickly stopped the kiss. They separated themselves while looking to the entrance in unison.
Eileen showed up from the main door and ran towards Sam. She practically jumped to him, and they hugged before Sam finally kissed her.
“No worries, angel. Hey, could you help me set up the table? The plates are there,” Dean pointed to one of the top cupboards.
The car stopped just on the outside of Sam’s office, “Alrightie then. Here’s your stop and have fun!”
Dean started slowly to have Castiel accustomed with the movement and the feelings inside him. He couldn't help to admire Cas' expression underneath him. Fuck, Castiel was beautiful, and Dean couldn't stop kissing him.
Cas still couldn’t hold back his smile when Dean was asking him the question. “No. probably driving Gabriel back here, and later going somewhere with him and Claire,” Cas ended his story with a shrug, although he really wanted to ask Dean (and Sam, probably) if they would like to join them. But he backed out when he remembered that it had been a while for him and Gabriel, and with Claire to spend a good time together.
Dean fell silent with that explanation, he looked back and forth from Jack and Sam before sighing. "Yeah, that makes sense. So, extracting Michael's grace from me?"
"Sure. Thanks, Cas," Dean replied and looked directly into Castiel's eyes. However, he didn't get a long time to admire the deep cerulean orbs before him, since the other man had turned to get another wine glass. He waited patiently as Castiel poured the wine into the new glass and pushed it to him. "Cheers."
For a quick moment, Dean’s memory rolled to the days where he turned into a demon, thanks to the Mark of Cain, and went somewhat eloping with Crowley for a brief sort-of summer fling. “Yeah, Crowley was fun. Did you get to find him at all?”
For the second time that week, Castiel felt a peculiar regret inside his chest that he didn’t get to take a good look at that man. What are the odds that he went for his late lunch, and there
“No,” once again, Claire and Jack gave their answer at the same time. Another trait of them that easily made people mistaken them as twins.
“It’s not aching, Sammy,” the older Winchester took a spoonful of pie and ate it delightfully, “I just felt that there’s something funny on my teeth.”
By now, Castiel was quite sure that Gabriel would realise he was avoiding Dean. Since they finished setting up the sofa beds in the living room, Castiel quickly made his way to the showers. He didn't even wait for the other three men to finish putting on the pillowcases or getting blankets. After he finished refreshing himself, he put on his sleeping t-shirt and shorts, then quickly made his way to the back porch. He needed some time to calm himself before having Dean in the vicinity of his sleeping area. Or maybe he avoided seeing Dean and Abaddon being adorable together.
He knew that it was a jerk move from him towards Dean. But being close to Dean, especially after Castiel knew that Dean came here by Abaddon's request, somehow made him uncomfortable.
After he made their order, the light brown haired man eyed the dentist, who was looking at his phone under the table. Dean waited until Cas was free from his phone before continued the talk.
Castiel loved to run, jogging, or whatever it called, while at the same time he got a major soft spot for cheeseburgers. And as much as Dean didn’t feel the urgency to know it, Balthazar insisted that Castiel was
“Thank you, Rowena, it’s also a pleasure to see you again,” Cas received the glass from Rowena’s hand and shot it back in one go. “Hello, Jack,” he then gave Jack a fatherly hug.
" Sam made a quick turn from the book that he was reading and made his hair fly almost like in the shampoo commercial. "When did this happen?"
Dean turned to the smooth feminine English accent and smiled before he moved forward and gave a quick kiss on the woman’s cheek. “Heya, Bela. Look at you, all stunning.”
“Relax, Cas. I put the phone on the dashboard before. I used speakers, didn’t you hear the engine sound before?”
After he was sure that Claire won’t be finished soon, Castiel went to get some proper clothing and took his shower in the bathroom near the kitchen. While he was under the water, Castiel kept wondering why did Gabriel insisted on him and Claire to come, what was it with his client that would get their interest?
The vibrating of his phone against the wooden table startled him from the obscene fantasy. Castiel looked to the caller ID on his phone, it’s his practice. Probably Naomi.
“I’ll let you watch Dean’s adult films in the Dean Cave. Come, let these boys fix whatever it is that needs to be fixed.”
Again, no one in the room spoke to respond to Dean's story. They knew that Dean cared a great deal about Cas, and he would not let the angel stray too far from his side, but none of them would expect that one Dean Winchester would go
Dean wiped his face with his hands, and then he realised that he was in the library, which he didn’t remember moving there from the kitchen. When he looked down to the table where he slept, Dean also found beer bottles around him. One of them was even a bottle of whisky from his storage, and he didn’t remember taking it last night. Let alone remember drinking all of these bottles last night.
Ellen would spoil them with delicious cookings, and Bobby would let them be boys. They can fight over TV shows or films, or even fight for the comfy couch, and Bobby would grunt and claimed it instead while bringing them beer. Before Dean started working at the bar, it wasn’t an alien sight to find the boys fell asleep in front of the telly after a huge dinner, or in front of the fireplace in winter. Bobby would usually grunt (again) and covered his boys with warm blankets.
“I sent you a surprise, to your workplace,” Balthazar smiled and put his hands into his jeans’ pocket, he chuckled when seeing Castiel cocked his head in confusion. “You’ll find out tomorrow, love. Bye!”
Dean paused at that for few moments and realised that he just made an absurd explanation. And Cas was right, that wasn’t how it supposed to. What it was supposed to be was, Dean saw Cas as this man-child who was so adorable, he wanted to keep Cas for himself. But, of course he didn’t tell Cas about that, he didn’t want to scare the man.
“Bitch. By the way, do you know how to use one of these?” Dean shifted his seating and takes out his wallet then showed the health cover card from the school he’s working at.
The apology from Cas just made it worse, Dean had to rub his forehead to stop the headache that suddenly came. All the plans and everything related to it,
"Oh, yeah, yeah," Dean tapped the side of his jacket, the part that has a customised pocket where he could put an angel blade there. It wasn't a comfortable feel, moving around with that giant blade on his side, but he somehow felt safer with it.
“Nope. He only said that he wanted to visit you until next Friday, and I asked Dad if I could go with him,” Claire shrugged and returned her attention to her mobile phone again.
“How’re you today, Jack?” he started, and immediately felt stupid with his question, since they just spent about an hour having brunch together. Jack was really involved in their plan to rescue Cas.
The stalls served various kinds of meal, from the all-time favourite instant noodles to a quite pricey barbecue satay that would sent delicious aroma-mist all around the place. Fortunately, the taste could compete with the fog it created, especially after peanut and soy sauce added.
Apparently Dean just earned himself another point with that question, as Cas’ smile went brighter before he answered, “Misha? Good, good. Misha’s officially a boy now, I checked. I need to make a vet appointment for him soon. Probably this weekend.”
“You’re the best, Claire,” Castiel smiled and earned a hug from the girl. “You have to join Gabriel when he’s flying back here. Tell your father I will pay for your ticket.”
For a moment, Dean felt warmth rushed from his heart to his entire body. This is the Earth that he knew, full of every kind of human being doing their things. He might not be interacting much with any of them. Still, it’s good to know that there are people out there who live their lives peacefully, without knowing that monsters exist. He even noticed the tan-coloured shaggy dog that he found at the gas station running and barking happily.
The three of them became close when Dean visited Sam’s campus, and Bela developed a crush on him, oblivious of Sam’s feeling, of course. After a while, she started to be taken of Dean as a big brother, with occasional flirting that most of the time came as platonic.
However, Sam’s reaction was one of Dean’s intention when he introduced his brother to Cas. Dean had hardly brought home anyone, even before they moved here. Even Balthazar never stepped a foot inside this bunker. And as far as Sam knew, Dean was into woman, according to their days back in High School.
The man in address swallowed silently at the sudden change of tone, “Right, sorry,” he paused, “okay, so … this is still weird for me.”
Dean placed his hands on Cas’ shoulders and turned him around to the direction of the stairs. “Well, I do still have that
He didn’t even finished the message and quickly erased it before the hairs on the back of his neck all standing up.
The living room where Dean currently is located behind the dining room, this practically the place where
Of course, he didn't have any plan to be in a serious relationship now, but wouldn't it be better not to say never?
“I, uh, I was expanding my Father’s story,” Cas answered sheepishly, “my Father, he, uh, he used to tell me stories, and one of them was God and his angels and Archangels. Which probably was the inspiration of his childrens’ names. He made this story about the Archangel Gabriel as a reckless angel, who also went by the name of Loki, The Trickster. Hence the creation of platypus.”
Everything felt like moving in slow motion for Dean, from how he climbed the bed and lay down on his side, while Cas descended from his sitting position, then coming down next to him. And had his face on Dean smiling sleepily.
Dean snickered, "Sorry, honey, this bar's no longer open for business. Although, look at you, sporting the naughty school girl perfectly."
“Castiel?” Sam’s smile went wider, and it made Dean suddenly realised what happened just now, that he introduced a man in an
"Dean Winchester, you really are the bane of your kind. And you, Death, you smeared filth on your predecessor."
Luckily, it didn’t take long for the next bus to arrive. After he gave way to the alighting passengers, he stepped inside and found a standing spot in the middle of the packed bus. He got about eight stops to go, so he grabbed at the handler next to his head and tried to enjoy the ride.
He slide the phone back into his pants’ pocket, while stealing another glance at the young man in leather jacket. And for the second time, Castiel felt like his breath was halted inside his lungs, refused to flow.
After he climbed out of the car and put his leather jacket on, Castiel walked to the passenger seat, and opened the door for Claire, who was giving a final touch to her make-up using her mascara and lipstick.
“Doctor Novak, here’s Mr. Winchester for you,” the nurse, Meg, handed the patient folder specified for his next patient.
Dean was really thankful that Cas parked his motorbike under the shades of a tree, or he could see how Dean’s jeans suddenly had a tent that gradually grow.
Once again in the span of a few minutes, the cerulean blue eyes widened in puzzlement. Saw them again made Dean smiled lovingly, as he craned his neck to plant a quick kiss on Cas’ lips. “Just do it.”
Cas' cheek, as one of the few skin surfaces that were exposed from the way Cas was dressed. "Fuck, Cas, you're really here, and you're alive."
"Don't worry, Cassie, with Luci as her father and us as her uncles, and Sammy as her sort-of brother, she'll put a good distance with the need of having a boyfriend for now," Gabriel tapped his little brother's shoulder.
Ever since he was little, Castiel felt that he was closer to his big brother just before him, Gabriel. Their close age difference is one of the reasons; they were only three years apart, compared to the twelve years gap between Castiel and the twins, Michael and Anna. Another was the fact that the two youngest Shurley boys tried their best not to be like their father.
After all, these people in the library with him today had been very supportive of him and really gave their all to help him rescue his angel.
“So, uh, you have any plan in mind?” Dean drummed his fingers on Cas’ helmet. “Watch a movie, dinner, anything?”
in the morning - and groaned before dragged herself to the bathroom and took a nice hot shower before meeting her family in the dining room.
“Here, so I found this in the bathroom,” Dean returned from his shower with a laundry bag from one of the hotels he stayed at on his holidays. “You can put your dirty clothes here, Cas.”
fix it between you two?" Rowena jumped over Sam's confusion with her excitement. "Fergus, was it as adorable as we expected?"
"Hello, Dean. Yeah. Yeah, sure," Castiel could feel that his mouth was almost refusing to work with his brain. There was also a possibility that his mind was too busy wondering if Dean noticed that Castiel was avoiding him. If so, then it might forget to send proper speaking commands to Castiel's mouth. "Uh, you want a glass, Dean?"
Dean walked to his room but stopped midway. He turned to look to the other side of the bunker, where the Archive Room was. He felt his chest start to drum as he took the starting steps approaching the room.
“Hey, Cas. Are you at the airport yet?” Dean smiled at the slight excitement on Cas’ voice when he answered the phone.
"Juliet was too friendly to Misha's fancy. She kept snuggling her giant nose to him. Misha was annoyed," Cas answered with an uneven voice, most likely he was picking Misha up from somewhere and walked, while having the phone locked between his shoulder and face.
But the park apparently had a downhill from there. The largest vampire pounced down the younger brother and knocked him unconscious, then brought the older brother down to the ground while he was fighting the other vamp-mimes. He was pinned to the ground by their force, something that was odd since he usually could take at least one vampire with his mortal strength.
He jumped from the table and approached Crowley, who was now looking at the books on Rowena's bookshelf in the library after his mother scowled at him and sent him to the shelves.
"Just put it there. I'm going to make more of those dirty dishes later after cooking," Dean said without turning his head to where Castiel was. "Oh, by the way, your shoes are next to the door."
Dean knew that his forty-one years living on Earth would be a mere blip of light in the angel’s existence all this time. Yet, he still found it hard to believe that Castiel could think that Dean Winchester was a man who was worth being loyal to, even more than Heaven, and worthy of being a companion in his life on Earth.
“Why, yes, my dear. I teach Art,” Balthazar flirted with a smile, and it made Charlie gasped excitedly.
At that remark, Castiel raised his hand to stop his daughter. “Wait, so is this place a bar or a BDSM club?”
Dean held Cas' hand and led him to the same direction Sam went before, the car garage. He took Cas to the Impala and grinned mischievously as he attacked Cas' neck again with his lovebites, while started to strip Cas off his trench coat and suit jacket.
"Hey, Bela, I-I'm sorry that we didn't part on good terms the last time. We should, could be helpful with each other, given our fate. Also, I'm sorry about what happened to you, you don't deserve it."
“There, there, Dean,” Cas tapped his friend’s hand, earning another look of betrayal and a choir of laughter from the younger ones. “It’s not like we’re only watching it just both of us, Dean. We have Sam and Charlie as well, this will be like one of those …”
“He did,” both Sam and Charlie said in unison while looking at each other, earning an eye roll from the older man. “So, are you guys in a relationship or something right now? Boyfriends?” Charlie asked.
"Perfect," Castiel muttered under his breath while continuing to read the menu for humans and stood in the queue. Or barely a queue, since it was only one person before him and no one behind him. He had his attention at the smoked salmon and cheese cream bagel. Although he knew that wasn't the most innovative dish he found at the menu, it looked delicious to him at the moment. Also, he always wondered what hot chocolate with dried
"So what made you accepted to be Death?" Dean tried to change the subject and hopefully can take Crowley's mind out of whatever he was thinking about.
Ellen’s question made Sam chuckled, “She would love to, Ellen, really. But, her parents are visiting this week, so she’s gonna be with them for a while.”
As if in a sitcom, right after Dean said that his phone rang. There was a tangible silence for a few seconds for the few rings that follow. Both Rowena and Jack turned their attention directly to Dean, and that was his cue to take the gadget out from his jeans pocket and read the caller name on the screen.
“Oh, this is so cute!” the red head squealed, “Look at those colours! Damn, now I’m craving for some sweets!”
When he arrived in his room, Dean took a quick shower and lay down on his bed, staring at the ceiling for a few moments before remembering what Charlie told him before. Dean reached for him phone, and opened the Message application. He got a picture message from Charlie.
The little brother sighed and patted his big brother's shoulder, "Dean, we still have a chance to get Cas back. Look, I found a spell in one of the books that might be able to help us get him back. Then you can tell Cas how you actually feel."
It took Dean a second before answering, “Benny, if I wasn’t mistaken, you told me once that you had issues with your teeth, right?”
The living room was filled with laughter at Cas’ answer. “That was smart, Cas!” Sam laughed and pet Juliet’s head. A small gesture that somehow made Dean regretted he didn’t offer to help Cas look after the mutt. “Mine would be Gabriel was a Messenger of God, and he sometimes can get creative on the deliverance, and platypus was one of them.”
get attracted to man, besides Doctor Sexy, but he never had the need or want, or even the curiousity for the object of his attraction. He usually thought that it was merely admiration.
“Getting possessive, are we?” Benny chuckled, earning a death glare from the younger man before him. “What? You are. You tend to when you’re attracted to someone. And you’re clearly attracted to this dentist. What’s his name, by the way?”
Sam was the one who responded to Gabriel, “Hey, no worries. We’re having a good time here with your niece and your brother. Right, Dean?”
, we kissed, then it was all patched memories from there. When I woke up, I was in the house I told you before. I completely didn’t remember
. He was a writer whose works were considered as one of the titles of the cult, with its own followers and fans that might not be in the common demography.
The park where he ran was quite empty, just like Castiel liked it when he went for a jog on weekdays. Other perks from being a freelancer, he could do his hobbies on weekdays and avoid the crowd. Plus, since he forgot to take his dog for a walk last Saturday, Castiel decided to do it today. On a Tuesday.
“Ten? I think ten. I forgot. I’ll text you my boarding pass later,” the answer came with a rattled sound of papers and wood, probably Gabriel was looking for the print out or something. Or maybe he simply made random noises so Castiel would think that he was looking for it.
He could feel Cas went stiff and awkward again, and Dean didn’t blame him for that. The question he just shot just went wrong in every way. He sounded exactly how he avoided it to be, someone with a hidden agenda.
He just sat down on his desk when his phone chimed the message tone. It was as if his message application was connected straight to his heart, because just as the notification sound came up, his heart made a soft thump in his chest.
Castiel chuckled at the protest, that somehow came more like a whine of a spoiled child. After almost twenty years befriended the Brit, ever since their college years, he could always find amusement from teasing one Fergus Crowley.
Sam then sucked his teeth at the question, “Okay, I was quite sure we have the thing here in the bunker somewhere, but Eileen and I need to look for it first.”
The tone of Dean’s voice sent Castiel aback. It was a great contrast of what he heard all night during dinner. There was nothing soft or loving in the voice, it was deep, harsh, and demanding. Clearly Dean was upset.
It probably was the Scottish blood of their mother’s, that she was more laidback than her husband. Castiel heard her telling his father that whoever their children love should
Unexpectedly, Cas’ blue eyes widened at Dean’s question, and they were beautiful. A perfect cerulean sphere that brought a soft pang inside Dean’s chest as he saw them. He honestly didn’t know how to respond to whatever message those eyes sent him.
For a second, the camera was showing the neck region of Dean’s. And it almost made Cas licked his phone screen of the view. The exposed skin, slightly covered in freckles, was inviting Cas to plant light kisses on it before bit it softly, only to hear Dean’s reaction to his action, and then …
He turned to see the source of voice from somewhere behind him, it was Eileen. Dean got up and rubbed his eyes before taking a look at who else was with him in the Archive Room. He still needed to squint to get a clearer look. There were Eileen and Jack, who were sitting face to face as a small study group. Well, he should've guessed from the Yoda blanket.
Gabriel chuckled at his little brother's question, "You know, Cassie, I'd always thought that you'll take the torch for Dad's publishing company. Who knew you'd actually wanted to look after your silly big brother. Thank heavens Mum and Dad decided to adopted Raphaelle ages ago."
"Rowena just arrived again, so he's working on a spell to get to The Empty with her. They're like teacher and student, so adorable," the girl giggled before she took a piece of sandwich. "Were they always like that?"
Castiel almost couldn’t believe his hearing when Dean said that during their dinner. True that they had shared some stories about each other’s life before they landed in this town, and what they had tonight probably was simply a ‘sequel’ for the dinner at his place. But it was more to what Dean said. That he would like to know more about ‘that Novak boy’. About him.
As usual, he had a few too many drinks and started to dance with Balthazar on the dance floor. Not that he was a good dancer, really. Then, just like the other night out, Castiel would find him someone who could help him release his tensions.
“I’m just saying, Sammy,” this time it was Dean’s turn to raised his hands to his brother, but it wasn’t in defeat, more as a statement. “It was just ridiculous that he keep it
“Shut up,” came the response that made Castiel laughs, Crowley moved forward and there was a sort of wild glint in his eyes that was made of disbelief and demand, “so you had had two dinners? Even had one of them in your place. Had something happened?”
Without waiting for the lovebirds’ answer, Dean stood up and walked to the room in the bunker that he intended to head to. He even managed to snatch a book from one of the library shelves to bring with him.
If he had to be honest, Cas’ stories about his family and study was kind of overwhelming for him. Clearly Castiel was
Castiel let out a nervous laugh, and shot a quick glance to Dean, “Yeah, tell Balthazar I don’t have any plan for tomorrow anyway, Crowley.”
He could see flashes of Cas' final moments in the room, from his confession to his content smile as The Empty swallowed him.
Throughout the class, he couldn’t stop looking at the time, although he was sure that his teaching day will end at four-thirty. Luckily this class was more into the game he assigned them, so he didn’t have to check on them every now and then.
Should he ask Cas about this? But will it be awkward? No, Dean couldn’t do that. Not when the day went really well.
"Cas," Dean could feel his adrenaline rushed at lightning speed to his brain, then all over his body. "Cas, you're here. You're-"
Misha followed Dean on his heels, as if seeking protection from the big beast wagging her tail on the couch. Dean tried to make Cas’ closet looked just as how he found it when he was looking for Misha. He was just closing the closet’s door, when Cas came with a bowl of cat food in one hand and a bowl of water in the other.
sounded silly, even in his head) or Sam learned something new about him and gave his support as usual.
The Archive Room was silent once again. Even the sound of Jack chewing the sandwich suddenly felt so loud. It gradually softened when he realised the awkward silence.
“Dean, I told you I rode my motorbike to work today, so there will be some … moments where I couldn’t concentrate on talking to the phone!”
There was no doubt that whatever entity that stood before them was wearing Castiel's face, hair, and body. Dean would know that from years and years being with the angel and had his eyes studying him. That was how Dean realised that there was something different from the Castiel in front of him.
His brother raised both of his hands as the sign that he remembered what they had talked about in this topic. “Okay, so? Anyone caught your interest lately?”
As he walked into his bathroom, the man looked at his reflection on the mirror, he looked alright. There were quite visible eyebags under his eyes, but it wasn’t anything serious, not really affecting anything on his face. His hair, though. He had heard several people said that he got beautiful hair, but Castiel felt like he always failed to see it, since he owned the regular short hair for man. How did people could differentiate and came up with a decision that
The dark haired man used all his might not to moan when he felt the fingers travelled softly from his hair, to his cheek, and his lips. All he managed was closing his eyes and leaning to the touches on his face.
“Hey, Cas,” came the deep voice that already had a hint of sleepiness, “sorry I just got around to call you. Charlie made us do a Totoro marathon.“
That was not the answer Dean expected. He let out a full body laughter, that made him threw his head back and almost spin in place. Faintly, he could hear Cas copied his laughter, only softer.
"So, that night when Dean and I returned to the bunker to find Billie, that was the night when it happened. Dean and I were cornered in the Archive Room, with Billie on our tails. I knew that I had to save at least one of us. So I told Dean about the deal."
This time it was Balthazar who groaned, in frustration. “Look, Dean, stop asking question. I’ll give you the short version, I love Cassie
Cas guessed that he really had done for with the man next to him, so he returned the smile with an equally quiet response, "Hello, Dean. You're going somewhere tomorrow?"
It supposed to be easy to get upset with his brother for this topic, but the poor kid just seemed like he would pick any topic so he could have a conversation going with Bela, so Dean decided to let him go. Even though it’s hard when Sammy’s looking like he just stole Dean’s piggy bank and used it to buy the whole vegetable in a farmer’s market.
The master of the room blinked once when he heard his name was called. Dean realised that he was vacant. “Yeah, Cas?”
Cas chuckled at Dean’s enthusiasm, “Yeah, it was good. I watched it with Claire few years ago, I think.”
However, soon after the laughter faded, another awkward silence followed between them. Both men then tried to fill it by pouring another serve of wine to their glasses. For the next few seconds, the only sound that was heard from the kitchen table area was the clinking of glasses to the marble surface.
“I know, Uncle Cassie. Thank you. By the way, Balthazar looked alright,” she smirked cheekily. That reminded Castiel highly of her father.
“So that means I’ve got around five hours with you before I have to return you to your brother, right?”
With his name flowing from the other man's luscious lips, Dean continued to lower his hand on Castiel's abdomen. Until he found the growing bulge between his legs. Dean stroked Cas' hardening member from his pyjama pants.
. When the door had finally opened, Dean Winchester hissed victoriously and steps into the house that he dubbed ‘The Bat-Cave’. He turned the lights on and put his keys on the bowl next to the door, then walked down the stairs and strolled to his room to drop his bag and jacket. Dean later fell himself on the living room’s couch in front of the television and surf the channel for some moments before stopping on a sitcom.
in front of the sliding door, he let out a sigh of relief that there was nothing suspicious on his skin, then he got dressed.
"The kid had a point, Dean," Crowley stated. "As much as I want to turn you into a half-dead demon and take you into The Empty for your angel, that wasn't the answer. I can wait until you're really dying, you know."
"What did Castiel think about that? He was trying so hard to keep Michael possessing you back then."
“Shut up,” Crowley’s snap returned Castiel to his seat before the man. From the look on his eyes, clearly his mother was not the issue Crowley would like to discuss today. “So, how’s it going with your lover-boy?”
That was a statement that Dean didn't expect. Eileen really knew how to lift up spirits, and Dean was thankful for that. "Thanks, Eileen. You too, Jack," Dean turned to the kid who picked up another slice of sandwich. "So, you guys found anything good? Clearly, I didn't do anything useful last night."
Dean took a deep breath to calm himself, "Cas, I'm already on my way to your place. I, uh, I think I can get there in ... fifteen minutes tops?"
"You know what? That pain's not gonna go away. But, if we don't keep living, then all that sacrifice is gonna be for nothing."
There was still no answer, and Dean started to panic and tried to remember where was the last time Cas told him his whereabouts. Then he realised that Castiel never told him, last time he mentioned something about his location was ‘I’ll be there soon’. But,
"Hey! I, uh, I just felt it's unfair of him to tell me that and left," Dean replied, and was met with Cas' glare. "And I feel like I have to respond to that."
What he saw before him really took his breath away. Cas was laughing with a kitten in his arms and the little creature was trying to get his nose. At one point, Dean was happy that the sorrow from Cas’ face had disappeared, but on the other hand, he was a kind of jealous that the happiness was for the cat, not him.
The former king of Hell turned to Dean in a surprised look, "Really? That's interesting information, Squirrel. Hm."
do you become so protective?” Dean narrowed his eyes, in hope he could intimidate his brother like when they were children. Unfortunately, he failed in doing so, Sammy just gave him a bitch face treatment. “You’ll know tomorrow, Sammy.”
The dentist unlocked his apartment and as he stepped in, he was greeted by the hungry and upset kitten on his feet. “Yes, Misha, I’m sorry I was late. Come here, I’ll feed you.”
“Here,” Castiel lifted up his boots, that he just snatched from the shoe locker under the coffee table. He put them on in no time, since it was the slip-on type, anyway. “Okay, I’m ready. Misha, you’re staying at home, okay?” the human walked to the bowl next to the door to get his car keys, then he pocketed his phone and wallet into his denim.
Dean sighed, "Well, he went there in an almost-died state. He had his grace taken out to the point that he was dying, and it brought him instantly to The Empty. Then we simply put his grace back to return him."
answer that, Moose," the Scottish man lifted up his finger as a warning, and was met with the other man raising both of his hands in acceptance. "I didn't know how long I was there, until what felt like not a moment ago I was pulled from The Empty. When I opened my eyes, I was at Death's library, with this ring on the desk and a small note with "Use these" written on it and that monster of a scythe that you saw before. Which I customised to my fancy, of course. The original one was horrible, dreadfully outdated."
Dean stood up and towered over the desk before walking to the direction that was pointed. As he lay down on the chair, Castiel followed and sits on the small stool behind the head area while pressing the button that was used to recline the dentist chair.
At the last note, Dean looked up from his tissue and smiled to his dentist (not knowing what the smile could do to the good doctor’s insides), “Sounds good, Doc. Now what should I do with the holes?”
The taller man smiled, still with Cas’ hand in his Dean lead him out from the elevator to Crowley’s door. “So, I gotta ask, how old is the dog?”
And that shall be the moment Dean knew he was bewitched with the simple charm of his dentist. Dean rubbed his hand on the back of his head as he tried to find a conversational topic to talk with Castiel, until he remembered that they won’t need to converse while he was having his teeth mended.
Eileen blinked at the question, she honestly didn't get which part of her rambling that caught Dean's attention. "Was the Death you killed is in The Empty?"
Dean parked his car in the carport, and his Chevrolet Impala fitted right perfectly in inside the carport with his grandfather’s classic cars. Dean loved them, and he took extra care to each of the vehicles. Of course, Dean already sold the ones he wasn’t interested in or gave them to Bobby. Once in a while, he would drive one of the cars around the area, just to hear their engines purr.
"I'm so sorry, Cas. But please, please let me help you out of here first, okay?" Dean held both of Castiel's hands, "Maybe smite me later in the bunker?"
Standing so close to Dean had ignited a small furnace inside Cas' stomach. He felt warmth creeped and also a flow of adrenaline rush that slowly but sternly shooting to his brain. With the others in his group having their backs on Cas and Dean, it felt like one of those moments when he felt like the world belonged to him and Dean, and the others were merely tenants.
The sincerity of Eileen’s statement made Dean blushed, and he could feel it. He felt uneasy, but in the right way, especially with Sam and Jack looking at him with curiosity and a smile.
Another soft laughter was heard from the speaker, “I just waved to the monitor, not remembering that you can’t see me,” Cas said with a low giggle.
The man with the name silently cursed at how smoothly seductive his friend could. “Cut it, I don’t want anything to be weird between us. I’m going to meet that ex of yours again later.”
If Cas has to be honest, he was torn between waiting for Dean to brought it up during their calls and text-exchanging, or waiting for their meet up this weekend to talk about it. Somehow he’d prefer to talk about it when they meet, but if Dean had brought it up first, then he wouldn’t mind to discuss it with the other man.
The dark-haired man smiled as he walked past Dean, who was holding the door open and waiting for him to enter. Dean felt that he managed to barely had his excitement shown as Cas looked around his room, from his books, his grandfather’s collection of guns that were mounted on the walls, to his bed.
get it!” Dean shook his head softly and drank his beer, “Hey, you’re almost finished, where do you keep your plates? I’ll have the table set up.”
Happy that she got the confirmation that was needed, Claire cut the conversation between Dean and Cas, while shooting a suspicious smile to her uncle, ”Anyway, Uncle Cassie, Gabriel was asking me to get you.”
While he worked on dinner, Dean’s brain had its wheels grinding for his next day’s schedule. He knew that he had to prepared tests for some of the classes. His eyes blinked twice as he remembered that he had a dentist appointment in the afternoon, sometimes around two. After lunch.
While he continued naming the ingredients, Cas had a little realisation in his mind, would it be like this if somehow he and Dean worked out and they’re dating? Planning a weekend sleepover, and shop for whatever they will cook for weekend’s dinner?
"I, uh, I didn't give him time to react or respond. I quickly told him about the deal and about what makes me happy."
What was missed by Dean was Cas’ brilliant blue eyes, that showed all signs of panic and his heavy breaths.
His brother’s voice awoken Dean from his short nap that he didn’t remember taking. “Here, Sammy!” Dean called and rubbed his eyes.
The question made Dean pulled back and looked into Cas’ big blue eyes. A smile that showed later on his face reflected that he found something on Cas’ face that amused him. Dean kissed Cas’ lips lightly before answered, “Okay, Cas,” another kiss. A deeper one.
The Nephilim suddenly dropped to the floor with his eyes closed, causing a short alarm between the three adults in the room. Sam and Dean quickly leapt towards Jack and tried to wake him up.
Dean chuckled at Cas’ comment, “No, Cas, don’t worry about that. My visit was unplanned that time, right?” the host continued stirring the green curry. He made a dramatic pause before continued to Cas, “Right?”
Of all possibilities of children that could be taken, the vamp-mimes chose two brothers, on a case where someone got their tongue ripped off. The more symbolisms that were found, the more there was a possibility that this case was just a backdoor to something bigger. Which should be looked on by the brothers, before it was too late for them. Or the world. Or even the universe.
“You know that you’re heavy, right?” he asked without even bothering to turn his head and smiled when he received a soft growl as an answer. “Yeah, I love you too, baby,” he craned his neck to place a gentle kiss on top of a furry head that belongs to a grey Siberian Husky. “Ooh, I should have taken you out for a walk today, yeah? I’m so sorry, Romeo love, I forgot,” Castiel reached out to bring the dog closer to him, then he nuzzled his face to the pup’s neck.
Even so, Dean let the song played as they drive out from the garage to find the nearest restaurant to buy dinner for their family. He couldn't stop smiling throughout the drive, while holding Cas' hand brought it to his lips every once in a while.
Castiel married Jack’s mother when the boy was five, and he brought Claire - who was also five at the time - from his previous marriage. Although it took a while for both children to get along, they were the shoulder for each other when Jack’s mother was in an unfortunate incident of a car crash.
Gabriel cut his brother’s confusion with a hug, “See you soon, Cassie. Take care, and be good with Dean, okay?”
From his exploring days, Castiel found that he wasn’t one to fuss over his sexual partner’s gender or preferences. As long as they both consented, then he’d go for it. Of course, he has a higher selection in men, but it wouldn’t stop him from agreeing for an offer from others. Meanwhile, Abaddon loved to get attention and pleasure only from men.
Based on his experiences with both Deaths, Dean could say that each Death had their own unique scythe. The first Death has a relatively traditional version, just like what you would see on storybooks and all. While Billie's was a bit of modern fashion.
The whining protest filled Castiel’s ears again, but this time he decided to let it go. He chuckled sheepishly when Balthazar pulled a chair next to his for Castiel to sit, and soon after he sat, Balthazar copied him. A flush of heat crept on the dentist’s face when he saw Balthazar was staring at him from his chair.
Right after Cas finished his story, he was caught with Dean’s soft expression again. “Look at you. All loving and expressive when talking about your big brother.”
After they finished their dinner, the research continued, Eileen and Jack returned to the Archive Room. It was almost two in the morning when Rowena noticed Sam had fallen asleep on a stack of books to hold his head.
It felt like hours for Dean as he waited for Jack to move or at least make a reaction to what he was currently doing. As minutes went by, Dean could feel that his hopes started to fade one light at a time, until he was sure that he had none of them left even before Jack began to open his eyes and looked concerned.
scratch it. Claire, no drink and drive, if I ever get a phone call from the police station, for whatever reason, I won’t be bailing you. You’ll be staying there for the night. Or however long they told you to. Is everybody happy?”
“Dean, I swear I didn’t know,” Cas rubbed the rottweiler’s head, who was sitting on the backseat with her head popping between him and Dean. Panting happily that she’s on a trip inside a car. “It’s been ages since I went to Crowley’s place. I mean with we worked together, I don’t see the need of seeing him afterwards too often. And I can assure you, Crowley mentioned puppy, not
Castiel put aside the dirty though in his mind, and continued to work on the translations with his team. Also, Charlie had kicked his legs under the table to remind him that they still had some work to do.
Dean led the way and as they reached the door, Dean holds it for Castiel, who was blushed heavily over his lightly tanned skin. They both walked side by side in silence, once in a while their hands brushed and Dean decided to let it, while clenching his jaw not to smile so widely.
Cas walked to the fridge and opened it to find a six pack of beer, a bottle of wine, butter and a bag of apples. Also a drawer full of vegetables. Maybe the brothers needed to do some grocery shopping in near time. “Apples?”
"Have you finished with the flowers, Romeo?" Castiel asked his Husky, who had turned his attention to a feral cat nearby, along with Misha. Of course, they both earned a warning hiss from the long-haired tabby before it turned to run and climb a tree. "Okay, leave the poor cat alone, boys. We still have half a lap to go."
Castiel nodded at Dean's soothing words, then on the next moment - as he planted a kiss on Dean's lips - he was more relaxed and welcoming to Dean to enter. He hissed at Dean's size and was quite grateful that Dean stopped any movement from his side so Cas could adjust himself with Dean's cock being inside him. When he knew that he was ready, Cas opened his eyes to meet Dean's and said in his gruff voice, "Dean, move,
“Yeah, he ate a lot, so I put the food bowl in several places for him to find,” Cas put the bowls just outside the bathroom. After he stood up, he turned to Dean, “Okay, Juliet and I are ready. We still have to shop, right? Or you already had?”
Dean put out a generous amount of lube to his hand and fingers before he started opening Cas. He inserted the first finger and was rewarded by Castiel's husky moan filling up Dean's ears, it was beautiful. To ensure that Castiel would relax, Dean showered the other man's stomach with kisses while whispering praises to him.
Gabriel looked to his little brother, who was about to get up and moved to the balcony, “You won’t get away that easy, Cassie.”
"Yep," Sam showed the syringe to Rowena, who had her eyes widened at the size. "We reckoned since Jack had a Nephilim grace, it should be even more powerful than an archangel's."
found anything reasonable, Sam. so I'm sorry if I think Crowley has the best idea now. We got everything we need, we tried it before, we got even more helping hands now."
It was too much sensation for the angel, just a few moments after that Castiel threw his arms around Dean's shoulders and brought his face to meet his own and gave him another kiss, before he said brokenly, "Dean, Dean … I'm-I'm-ah, I'm-"
“Nah, don’t count him. Sammy eats practically anything you handed him, and it was more to the fact that he couldn’t made any proper food in the kitchen. Some emergency once, yes, but not as good as mine.”
“That’s why I said that they had a different technology with us today,” Sam defended himself. “Although, if I have to be honest, the device itself probably isn’t the worst thing in the process. It was what you would see when it happened.”
“May the force be with you, Dean. I sent you something, look it up after you got home,” she added the last part in a whisper when she hugged Dean, then turned to Sam to give him an equal loving hug, “Sammy, thank you. I love you boys.”
Dean jerked his head upwards at the question, then at the same moment he asked himself, why did Cas couldn’t make it to their dinner bothered him? It wasn’t like he intended to do so. Well, at least from the way Cas told him, he seemed as upset as he did.
"What? That fallen angel who look after two brothers?" Castiel tucked his chin to his chest softly and he let out a snort. “Believe it or not, Dad used to tell me that story when he put me down to bed. I was only expanding the story. I can't believe you still remember that, Gabe. I was like, what, seven?"
When he arrived at the practice, Castiel just noticed the flaw of his plan, he didn’t have anything to accommodate the kitten while he’s dealing with his patient. He beelined to his secretary’s desk. “Naomi, do you – by any chance – have a box for this kitten?”
At this point Cas was ready to found out that Dean had been lying to him and providing him with good explanation why he said that he had cat allergy when he invited the teacher into his place few weeks ago.
years, and how Cas actually had the same feelings for him? How they both were just too stupid to realise it.
Castiel worked at one of the most popular universities in the city as a consultant translator. He majored in Ancient Language Studies back at uni, and one of the languages that he was fond of and proudly fluent of was Enochian. The fact that he was one of the
“It’s hard to find friends like you two these days, kiddo,” Dean pushed Charlie playfully with his arm.
There was more on the sacrifice. The big brother knew that there was more than just a sacrifice, and it was vital. But he still didn't,
Claire knew that her uncles would have hard time saying no to her, and as much as she was grateful and love them both, there are times where she would take a little tip toe across the line with both Castiel and Gabriel.
Dean knew that it was Crowley being his usually sassy self. But the words really got him, since that was how they all gathered here.
After years living on his own in some dirty apartments or rents, only with his brother, he still couldn’t believe that his grandfather – whom he had never met before – had bequeathed a house just on the suburban area for him and his younger brother. ‘A house’ probably wouldn’t do justice for what the building actually is, it’s more like a bunker.
Castiel was awaken by the incoming ringtone that he assigned specifically for Gabriel (Taylor Swift’s
After he lined off the phone, Dean finally let out a quiet groan he had been holding back. That attracted Benny’s attention.
“Right. So, turned out what Cas felt in me - stop looking at me like that - was an angelic grace. Here,” Sam showed the book that he had opened in front of him. The book Castiel discovered when they were trying to sort out Sam’s situation around six years ago. “That whenever an angel possessed a human and left, they’d leave some sort of angelic fingerprint.”
Charlie leant her head to the gloomy man next to her, "I'm so sorry, Cas. Such an unfortunate coincidence, isn't it?"
“Awesome. If you want, you can park your car here, we have a garage on the back,” Dean took out his phone and started to order cabs for his young guests. “Free of charge.”
“Well, apparently, for this kind of thing, you have more logic than I am,” even without looking, Dean could feel the subtle eye roll in his brother’s voice, and it made him laugh.
"Wait, wait," Dean lifted up his index finger, while he kept looking down and the gears inside his head kept on moving, this time faster and more vigorously compared to the past few days. "What did you say?"
Dean realised that that probably wasn’t in Castiel’s plan, after what happened when they last met, he would understand if Cas hesitated to see him again. It might be the time now for Dean to be the one who made a move for Cas.
Glaswegian band with a historical Archduke for a name. Even though he was quite sure, if he danced while running, there was a high probability that he'd
“I know, Sam. I, uh, honestly I don’t know why I didn’t tell you about Cas, besides that I still wasn’t sure where this relationship will go. Look, when I told you about the dinner, I still wasn’t sure if Cas was into me that way or not.”
After a while, Dean finally pulled himself softly from Sammy and got his head in his hands again. "I'm sorry, Sammy."
, but it didn’t turned out as good as Cas had expected. Not the film, it was surprisingly good, for a chick flick that was based from a book. But during one of the scenes (where the other gorgeous man that was not Gerard Butler, Cas clearly memorised, was walking butt-naked to his room), Dean suddenly groaned and not five minutes later he decided to fell asleep on Cas’ shoulder. There was also an air of awkwardness from Charlie and Sam, that Cas couldn’t really place what.
Dean glared at Jack, only to meet the child's playful smile. "Right, anyway … this is excellent, guys, we're onto something, finally! Let's go meet Sam and Rowena to tell them this plan."
Dean groaned with an eye roll before he sat up and gave his opinion, “Yeah, but the childhood crush didn’t do anything! What did she
Cas groaned at the question that popped from Gabriel, even before they got out from the building area. "Yes, Gabriel. Please don't bully him, I really like this one."
"Remember when Lucifer killed me, both times, even with Castiel as the vessel, I could always return as me, with all my glory?"
Ooh, look at that! We've passed the fifth chapter now! Thank you so much for y'all who had read this new fic of mine (even though I still have one ongoing and it's practically hanging now), I even saw some of you leaving Kudos and Bookmarked this one. That's very sweet of you guys!
"She's like the cool Aunt that would scowl at you all the time, but secretly care a great deal about you boys. Even for Cas and Jack," Eileen bumped her head on Dean's arm.
The girl, not older than sixteen year old Dean assumed, walked closer to Cas. Claire might had beautiful blonde hair, but seeing the bright blue eyes on her, there were no mistakes that she shared some genetic features with Cas.
“Oh, right. If you guys don’t mind, I can go check on the back for a bit and I’ll get back to you, sounds good?” he pointed both of his hands in the direction of the back area.
“Exactly,” Sam noted as he followed his big brother out from the room to the centre of the house. “It’s
? They were like two worlds apart. Two different sides of a planet. And the planet would be Jupiter.
The dentist chuckled to the memory before getting up and went to look for fruits in his fridge. He found a dragon fruit, so he decided to cut it for snack. That was the time his mobile chirped, notifying him that a message just got in. Cas finished cutting the fruit and returned to the living room to check on his phone.
“New patient?” Castiel’s eyebrows rose and he unconciously widened his eyes (completely oblivious that the pupils of his secretary had dilated slightly).
The man Dean addressed to still have his eyes widened in surprise of seeing Dean. There was a short pause between them, just looking at each other, as if making sure that their eyes didn’t trick them. Then Cas smiled to the man before him.
Jack then continued, "Don't get me wrong, I would love to have Cas back, as Team Free Will 2.0 family, with Eileen now. Of course, you're also invited, Rowena and Crowley. You guys are my hunter family. We might be broken, but we're good."
The strong retro vibe brought a feeling of nostalgia to Castiel, the way everyone seemed so happy inside and sharing a laugh was fantastic. It felt like entering a bar for uni students, minus the jocks who would be trying so hard to impress the cheerleaders.
There was a long silence in the room after Jack said that, it seemed like everyone was lost in their own thoughts after hearing the innocent words from Jack, that was deep and brought meaning to each of them.
“Whoa there, girl, this isn’t a BDSM club,” Dean suddenly had stood next to the girls’ table, carrying an empty pitcher and a table towel. His reaction earned a laugh from the girls.
Eileen's eyes widened in surprise at yet another new fact about Sam. Still, then she chuckled at the explanation that Sam gave her. She turned to Crowley while saying "Hello" both verbally and in sign language.
The Empty didn't respond to his demand immediately. Instead, he observed Dean from bottom to the top, as if assessing if Dean was worthy to meet Castiel, like some old-time matchmaker. After he finished with Dean, The Empty then turned his attention to Crowley and smirked.
Until this day, Dean still couldn’t understand why his grandfather specifically gave him and Sam the bunker. Moreover, why did his father never told much stories about one Henry Winchester? All he knew, when he was a kid, all four of his grandparents had passed away, and his parents never told him much about them, especially his father. So, the day when their grandfather’s lawyer went over to told them about the bunker, it totally took Dean and Sam by surprise.
Castiel only replied with a shrug, since he really couldn’t understand his father, and eventually grew tired of trying.
It was when Dean pulled his masker off gingerly, Cas knew that he couldn’t resist what will come next. He felt the fingers that were on his hair before slithered to his cheekbones and rubbing them lightly, tracing the structural features of his face. The touches was gentle and chaste, and Cas liked it.
The bitter laugh that came from his big brother made Sam (finally) hesitated to console him. However, he knew that Dean was on the edge of his emotions. All it took was one
“Cas, I was joking,” Dean laughed at the panic tone in the other man’s voice, and his answer made Cas relaxed a bit and carried on watching Dean cooking.
“Here’s your card, Ms. Braeden, and good luck on your date,” Castiel stood up and awkwardly showed his thumb to the woman before him. He quickly felt stupid for doing so on the next second. Social interaction was never his strongest suit, which was the exact opposite of Crowley.
“You’re welcome, Dean,” Castiel showed Dean the warm smile again, and the small gesture almost made Dean jumped forward to kiss him. “So, did you always want to be a teacher?”
"Thanks, Charlie," Dean smiled at her. After he was sure that Charlie was out of reach, he turned to Castiel again. He took a deep breath before he finally found Castiel's eyes again, and Dean felt as if he was absorbed into the soothing blue orbs.
So, the future that they had with Chuck alive was already different. Cas was already in another state than being buried in a Ma'lak Box. Now, they might have lived a distant future from that one as well.
"Yes, love, could you maybe look for anything that can help us learn more about The Empty? The more information that we can get, the more that we can work on to make a spell," Rowena reached to squeeze Dean's arm softly with a smile.
Dean took his time worshipping Cas’ mouth, and Cas felt like he might passed out at any moment from the sensual lip-dance. Dean’s lips felt so soft on his, it almost unbelievable, and the kiss … there was nothing lustful on the kiss, it was smooth and occasionally had a faint break for either of them to take a quick inhale of breather or let out a sigh.
He lifted his head up from his phone just in time the light turned green. There was no second had passed, the cars behind his had already honking.
Last time Castiel did a videophone conversation was when he was still with Balthazar, and it was obscene. This time with Dean, it was all fun. They talked and laughed, and Dean teased him every now and then of Cas’ klutziness and awkwardness.
The soft mew came with a slight dip on the foot of the bed, then small pressures followed to Castiel’s thigh and stomach, before stopping on his chest and soft vibrating purred accompanied.
The younger brother chuckled at the response. “You know, Dean, I gotta ask … what made you decided on Castiel?”
“Oh, you’re on the phone,” her bright blue eyes (like his) shone mischevously (like her father). “Am I allowed to be here, or …?”
“Well, yeah!” replied Sam almost too excitedly, it became suspicious, “Dean, you never brought anyone home before. The last time I saw you took someone home, it was Lis-well,
This time, he knew that the future that waited for him, and everyone in the bunker later, would be their own. They would write their own destiny, not Chuck.
It was a simple sentence. A statement, that managed to made Cas sure that his face heated in the count of milliseconds, and he knew that Dean could see it. He probably had seen the changes in Cas’ face since they started the video call. There was no pretending on anything this time, Cas was not that good of an actor.
Dean lifted up his face to his room’s doorway and saw Cas stood there, drying his hair, wearing his t-shirt – that turned out was a bit too big for him – and that shorts. Dean felt like patting himself on the back for picking the clothing combination for Cas.
“Oh, right, I’ve got it here,” she took her planner and read the appointments that had got in for Castiel, who listened while nodding his head and asks little details about previous treatments of the patients that he had handled.
Castiel’s favourite stall would be Marv’s, the only one with plates of food displayed in zig-zagging stacks, and the one in the far corner that was selling fruit juice, and a dessert known as fruit soup, where the seller threw in slices of what he was selling into a bowl and mixing them with syrup, ice, and milk. Something all dentists should frown upon, but Castiel
Dean opened the mini drawer under the sink, “Here they are. I don’t know what standard you dentists have for a toothbrush. I hope ours meets them. And …
Even from reading the ingredients, Castiel could feel the freshness and deliciousness in his throat and body.
Dean’s fingers travelled lightly across Cas’ skin, from his check and down to his neck. Cas was extremely close to releasing a soft sigh when Dean caressed the back of his neck.
“Shit,” Dean jumped from the sofa and hurried to the kitchen, and Cas tailed him with an amused smile.
what he was feeling? Didn’t he just met him? The blue-eyed man, not Balthazar. It had been a while since Dean knew that he can
"Good girl," Rowena received the bag, then she let Bela excuse herself to return to Hell. "Now, shall we begin the summoning?"
“Miss you already, boys,” called Gabriel as the brothers Winchester smiled and waved to him before turning around to walk out of the store.
“Yeah, I guess I was lucky,” he smiled and sat on the couch. “Maybe your previous connection with him created this sign that made you a prophet. I mean, the one before you, Donatello, his name wasn’t on the list as far as I know. And curiously he’s still alive as we speak, so why you became a prophet, I still wasn’t sure.”
who did it?" Dean groaned playfully and placed his forehead on Cas' face, he absorbed the sound of Castiel's laughter that went straight to his heart.
"You really like him, don't you?" Charlie let Castiel have his turn to place his head on her shoulder as she leant on him. She held Castiel's hand, entwined their fingers together.
“Great,” Sam then signed to Eileen to tell her what they will be doing now, the girl then nodded and followed Sam out from the library.
The light brown haired man groaned softly before continued his story, “I don’t know, he was … interesting. His stories, the way he told them, God, even the way he moved around in his kitchen while cooking dinner was interesting. There were these glints in his eyes whenever he’s telling stories, and it could be different for each story.”
Dean stood up and faced The Empty. "Castiel's no longer an angel, he's a human. Since you said your place is strictly angels and demons, he doesn't belong here. I'm taking Castiel home with me."
Dean leaned forward to lift Cas’ chin up, “Hey, that’s okay. So, you’re finished for the day, should we get ready to pick up the puppy?”
are allowed here, now and ever. I'm not interested in them. I want to keep my place strictly for angels and demons."
Not long after the other group left the building, Cas recognise the engine sound of his Lincoln is coming. When he turned, he saw a valet boy drove his car over. When the vehicle had came to a halt at the lobby, both Cas and Gabriel gave the valet boy a generous tip, Castiel could swore that the boy was bouncing with joy in front of his guests. The three Novaks then got into the car, and Cas smoothly drove away.
“Cas? Cas, where are you?” when he didn’t get an answer, Dean’s heart started to race. “Cas, I lost you. Is the reception alright? Where are you?”
He could feel Cas’ hand on his shoulder, he could feel the soft squeeze on his shoulder, yet he couldn’t feel the steps he was taking through Cas’ lead. All Dean know, currently he was standing before a stack of dip, with Cas searching for whatever he was looking for.
It was a long day for everyone. After each one of them finished teasing Dean with Castiel, Rowena called the newly human for a quick examination in the ward. Dean helped with a temporary wardrobe because he was sure that Cas would need the shower and refreshments. He left Cas with Rowena, so it wouldn't be awkward, and joined the rest of the gang for some talk about what happened in The Empty.
probably not the best combination out there. Dean wasn’t sure if Castiel would like to see an exhibition dedicated to the cause to half of his patients.
“Really?” a curious excitement popped in Dean’s voice, when Cas finished his answer. “Okay, I have in my hand now an instant hot drink. It said here that the drink contained milk, egg, honey, and ginger. You want to have that?”
Dean's olive-coloured eyes moved down to Castiel's stretched hand, then they went up again to meet Castiel's glassy ocean-coloured eyes. "Okay," he finally responded and shook the hand in front of him.
“I don’t know what that is. She’s asking our e-mail addresses, though, so she can send us the invitation. Want me to give her yours?”
Dean chuckled at the short question. He knew that he would never knew where to begin, and with Sam started the conversation, it just made everything easier. “Yeah. Cas. I, uh, I’m sorry I kept him from you, Sammy.”
Brilliant communication skill, unfortunately, was not any of Dean’s strongest suits, even he had to admit that. But, the young PE teacher knew what high schoolers tend to like, and with a dash of charm and treating them (sort of) right, he managed to have wonderful classes to teach to.
Cas shut his eyes and tried to calm himself down. Probably it was a futile action, since on the next second he felt Dean was leaning his forehead on his while copied him panting softly. It took him a while before Cas finally opened his eyes fully and looked into Dean’s eyes. The man before him was smiling widely with his face still flushed from their previous activity.
"Yes, in here," Dean opened the backseat door and gestured for Cas to enter. He smiled softly when he saw Cas, with his dishevelled look, carefully climbed inside the car, then he followed and let the door open.
Dean ran his finger on the top of his coffee cup while answering, “I’d like to call it Batcave, but Sammy always gave me a bitch-face whenever I mention it. We called it The Bunker, because it’s how it looks like.”
If he had to be honest, Dean would like to sit on his idea for as long as it could. He knew that the people in this room would disagree.
The story that came from his companion made Dean reminded of himself and his brother. He was always looked after Sammy, since Bobby and Ellen took them under their roof, and it was the only thing that couldn’t change between the brothers. Even now as they both grew older and had their own personal lives, they couldn’t stay too far away from each other.
A smile showed on Dean’s face, as he imagined another cooking session with Cas, only this time both of them wouldn’t have any single clue on how to make the food they want. And that strange drink he purchased before? That was an unusual mixture, maybe he should make a video of Cas’ reaction when he drank that.
Soon after asking that, Castiel could visualised his friend’s smile grew wider from one ear to the other, that usually made him looked like an excited child on Christmas morning (of course, Castiel
“Well, I don’t mind, really, Cas. Do you still have to babysit? We can pick up the puppy after my appointment, then we’ll head to my place. Wait, the dinner’s on Saturday, not Friday? Friday you gonna pick up the dog, right?”
"So," Bela broke the silence and took the page with the Death summoning spell. "You want me to get the ingredients to summon Death - which this is the list - so you can go to The Empty to rescue your angel boyfriend? No problemo, Dean, I'll be back in a jiff."
“Oh, thank you, Dean,” replied the shorter man as he zipped his jacket close, then he put on his leather gloves.
A knock on the door brought him back to his life as a dentist and made him jumped back standing, “Yes?”
He knew that Charlie would say this, she had been playfully teasing Castiel how gorgeous Abaddon is, and she would love it if Castiel gives them a blessing to be lovers. Of course, Castiel couldn’t do that, since he knew Abaddon is straight, and Charlie understood it. She still threw a light joke here and there, and even Abaddon knew that Charlie has a crush on her. However, the three of them had an understanding that their friendship is way too precious than any love-related interferences.
“Okay, what do you wanna know, Gabe? God, I feel like I’m back in high school with you!” the dark-haired man let his phone dropped to his lap. A quick gesture from Gabriel – a cheeky smile with his eyes darting to Castiel’s phone – was enough sign to made him started to explain. “Dean Winchester is one of my patients.”
with his tongue. There was a moment where Castiel had to bite his fist due to the arousal Mick gave him by pulling his mouth from the base of his cock to the tip in a slow torturous pace. Followed by running his tongue circling the head of Castiel’s penis, and gave another tease with the flat area of his tongue. It felt like he had no time to process what was given to his dick, and Mick had already bobbed his head again. The next moment Mick hollowed his cheeks to squeeze Castiel’s dick, before slowly running the tip of his tongue under the shaft.
"I never talked about relationships with Michaela, but if she was into girls, you're more than welcome to make a move on her."
Quite different with Castiel, who took the path of a Linguist that related to historical and creative work, Abaddon studied Medical for the science of it. She had taken her undergraduate studies also four years of research in Medical School. Abaddon had worked at the local hospital for a few years before she decided that she wanted to take Master Studies in Nutrition and Dietetics. That was last year, and she was currently on her second year.
When he saw that there was no cat coming out from there, Dean slide the mirrored door to the other side of the closet.
He knew this was coming when he offered to Sam that he would be the one calling Garth, Jody, Donna, and the wayward girls, also Jesse and Cesar. Although, the main reason for Dean to be the one who wanted to call their closest circle was so he could ask them if they’ve heard anything about crossing to The Empty.
Dean continued his words when he saw that Cas didn't answer, or most probably couldn't answer. Exactly the mirror of how Dean was when Cas confessed his love.
“I did,” Bela laughed lightly, “I was working with my father’s company for a while, somewhere in the countryside. He owned this warehouse for his single malt production. It was great working there, though.”
It was another team member, Kevin, who replied, “Jack found a trailer on a really frightening Indonesian film, do you wanna see it as well?”
Although, after he finished high school, Gabriel went to France to study pastries. It had been twenty-six years, and Castiel could count on both hands the number of times Gabriel went home, or Castiel and Abaddon flew to France to visit him. He missed his big brother, but he knew Gabriel was happy in Europe learning pastries and opening a business there with his friend. Maybe Castiel should revisit him one of these days.
“I know, right? I mean, what if someone was in a critical condition and he couldn’t afford the big hospital rightaway? He or she might never survive this process.”
Another laughter passed Castiel’s lips, “Samandriel was truly the baby of my family. My parents miscalculate something on their birth control or whatever, and they were having Sammy when I was sixteen, Gabriel was eighteen, Raphael was twenty and Lucifer was twenty four.”
There was a certain pang of pain showed on his face, after hearing that the victim got her tongue ripped out, like a symbolism on what happened at the pie fair. Completely powerless to say anything that could be said.
It was a delicious meal, the grilled chicken satay was dipped in a mix of peanut and soy sauce and slices of chili, and it even more savoury to be eaten with rice. Dean thanked the Almighty for whoever created this food. For a brief moment he forgot about the dark-haired man, and was too busy enjoying his food. It was until when he’s halfway eaten his food, Dean looked for the man who attracted his attention before.
The little brother shrugged, as Dean could see from the rear view mirror. “I demand explanation later, then,” he said with a smile.
