Sam guided Loki into the kitchen. Gideon was glaring at a pot giving directions to his brother in law. “Need help,” Sam asked.
Natasha started making bacon for the pair of them and they settled into companionable silence with only the sound of smooth jazz to fill the room.
When Sam pieced himself together he whipped away his tears. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you,” he told her hanging his head.
Bucky was recovering well and he was interested in engaging with the rest of the team other than Steve. Steve was so proud of Bucky’s recovery. He had never loved anyone like he loved Bucky. Though he was also trying to repair his relationship with Tony. It was going surprisingly well. They both had things they had done wrong and now it was their responsibility to fix it. Which Bucky said was insufferably moralistic and Tony had been quick to agree.
“Furry was the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D,” Clint put in, “most badass dude around. Bucky tried to kill him once and he’s been under ground ever since.”
The problem was that Tony was in a relationship with Pepper Potts who Steve felt honored to meet because she was all that Tony bragged about and more. Steve respected that. It didn’t appear like Tony was seeing anyone outside of Mrs. Potts either all the news articles seemed convinced that she had set him straight and was going to be his one and only forever. So Tony was monogamous which was fine.
Steve only openly stared at Bucky. Bucky huffed. “It’s twenty-four hours, Sam and I are are going to binge that one Wakandian show that Shuri won’t shut up about so we can see the series finale with her, and T’Challa, and Okoye. It’ll be fun. And yes if I need anything I will call.”
There was a snorting at the Icesicles joke. “And how did you resolve your argument about the Accords,” the reporter pressed.
Steve hid shit. That was just one of his little quirks. Well, it wasn’t so much as hiding it because he never but a ton of effort into it, he just didn’t say anything either. So Steve didn’t get upset if you didn’t tell him things unless lives might be on the line. Which was what lead Steve and Natasha to their first fight. Which she loved to complain about. And Sam and Bucky started to watch Shuri’s tv show before she killed them for not watching it.
Peter stuck out his tongue. “You’re just jealous that he looks better in all the promotional photos and that he’s America’s Sweetheart/ former wanted criminal.”
“It is,” Sam answered, “but downstairs is our coffee shop clubhouse and the teens like to go down there. Bucky gives them glow in the dark stamps and Natasha makes sure they don’t try to sneak upstairs and if they do someone drags them out and they can't get a hold of alcohol so it’s good.”
“Apparently not,” Peter answered shooting Tony a look, “and besides we just got here like two hours ago and Dad wouldn’t let me explore until you arrived so, but Mom said you should relax, so I guess we are watching a movie.”
Loki set his book down and scrambled over to Bucky’s side. “We don’t really have a monarch so it’s not one leader and technically if we got pissed off enough they could kick them out. The general consensus is that Steve and Tony are the working pair, but if they didn’t have Sam and Rhodey they would break apart.”
Bucky giggled as well. “I remember losing to this one Dame. She and her girl were sharper than a whip. Best Skinny Steve Rodger’s cosplay I had ever seen.”
Bucky didn’t react at first. “Steve is oblivious generally. I noticed he fell in love with Peggy before he did. At first, I was hurt and confused. Then she kissed my cheek and told me how adorable it was how hopelessly in love Steve was with me. That kind of made everything better. It was a lot of talking between Peggy and I before we figured out what to do.”
Tony sighed rubbing his face and Peter winked at Wanda from under his dramatics. “Don’t you know what’s in your own house?” Wanda asked searching around for a spoon.
Tony sucked in a deep breath. “I mean you have two weird new in-laws and Clint really wants to see his wife and kids, but,” Bucky’s voice trailed off, “they all feel like their Dads had a fight during Thanksgiving and they got split up during the custody battle.”
She squeezed his arm and walked away. Steve smiled, he loved the kind of people who treated him just like a regular person just to reveal they knew who he was. Yeah, Tasha was right in saying his disguises sucked, but they allowed him a bit of privacy while still being approachable.
As the movie progressed Tony got closer and closer to Steve until he was practically in the other man’s lap. Steve did his best to ignore him even if the other man was watching him more than the movie.
Sam was woken up at four in the morning by F.R.I.D.A.Y. “Mr. Wilson Loki is currently awake,” she announced.
Bucky gave him a dumbfounded look back. “Our anniversary with Tony. It’s next week. We went out on our first date next week.”
Because it was Natasha. Because she had been destroyed in horrible ways, way too young. And the need to know everything was tied to how safe she felt. “I know. That’s why I have to.”
He landed on top of a building and waved down to the people below. Someone stopped beside Steve. Steve's his face twisted in confusion. The women laughed. “Not from Queens,” she asked.
He followed Tony away as Tony stole the snickerdoodles. Loki floated half of the plate back into the room letting the millionaire take the rest.
Thor stared at him unblinking. “You don’t know what any of that means,” Loki sighed, “I wish you were smarter.”
Bucky’s eyes drifted past Steve and over to the two men with a glare. “Let’s hope so,” he agreed a clear warning.
“Uh no,” Bucky replied, “I distinctly remembered this incident in Barcelona when our tour guide was hitting on me and you dragged me into the bathroom and attacked my neck so hard the poor guy blushed firetruck red and you just grinned at him like the goddamn punk that you are.”
It did and part of her hated that. She had once thought it had been Tony’s faults that lead to her parent's death and she would have wanted Tony to watch his children die and now all she wanted was for him to be happy. And maybe think of her as family as well.
You didn’t listen to me when I told you how much he means to me. You didn’t listen to me when I chose to retire rather than sign the accords. That was my right and you decided to try and take that anyways. I tried to warn you of a bigger problem than the accords and you didn’t care. You didn’t want to listen.
Tony called at lunch which was nice even if they had been texting all day and Aunt May called right after and Pepper called at dinner. Peter fell asleep watching Star Trek with his head in Natasha’s lap while she pet his hair which okay was so not normal but it was relaxing so who cared.
Thor removed the muzzle. Loki grounded his teeth and watched Tony Stark pace back and forth angrily. Right, Tony Stark. He looked different now. So did Agent Romanoff. The black man was new. And one of the bulky men had been Captain America. Loki remembered what he had learned from Clint.
She wanted a family and the only people who could accept her now that Pietro is gone was the human outliers like her. She was no one's daughter, but they all loved her and that was enough right? Well, Clint was sometimes like a father, but that was also him missing his own kids so it didn’t really count and Steve went to the same school as she did so that would be weird and he was like an older brother. Nothing like Pietro, but it was something at least. Bucky was the same, and Sam was a weird uncle or cousin. And Natasha she was the sister Wanda never had. That had left Tony. And that was too complicated. So she had a family, but not the normal kind and that sucked.
Loki paused. Natasha tastefully watched him. “Do you want me to tell you why I request that?” Sam asked when Loki didn’t answer the Light that had been in his eyes earlier dying out.
“Tempters are very refined. They are drawn to one thing and know everything about it. It’s difficult to train to be one, so most Tempters naturally come into what they are. They protect and keep safe what they are connected to and that things react to them. Thor’s human girlfriend has a Temptress.”
Loki sucked in a deep shaking breath. “And most don’t let them in public very often. But he doesn’t look like he is easily dominated, so that was confusing.”
After all fifteen of the Peter Parker R5 videos Pepper and Rhodey became the main focus on the screen again. “Sam do you know any part of the training regiment Steve was planning for Peter,” Pepper asked, “I’m sure we could work something out on our own, but it wouldn’t be anywhere as good or productive as Steve’s.”
The robot beeped and rolled towards the stones. It studied them before picking up the blue one. Then it looked between Peter and the person behind the camera before marching over to the camera and setting the stone down.
Sam rubbed his face. Bucky has begrudgingly given into the fact that Steve was going to stay by his side, no matter what. This was despite one week of silence, three-four in the morning fights, and one fist fight and Bucky’s insistence that he wasn’t the same man that fell off that train. Steve’s stubborn determination said that he wasn’t the same man either, but he wasn’t going to leave anyway. And well, when Steve Rodgers decides something and digs his heels into the ground there isn’t one goddamn thing that’s going to stop him.
Loki body flew through the air and down the steps. He laid there unmoving. Then his small family disappeared into thin air and Loki appeared leaning against the window sill. “Torture me how you see fit Odin,” Loki spat as the guards descended on him, “but you will not break me.”
Steve and Bucky left after dinner and Wanda arrived with a baby cactus. “Hi Lo,” she greeted as Loki peered around Sam who was opening the door.
Steve looked out the window and sighed. “Do you think I’m doing the right thing,” Sam asked after a few minutes.
Steve’s mind flashed to Bucky and how Bucky would love this place more than sin. The man who had swung him into dancing pouted, “you’re taken.”
Steve looked down at his feet for a second but brought his head up putting on one of those I’m trying to be brave smiles “well that’s what fresh starts are for,” he replied.
Loki was shaking, but as he got up and into Sam’s arms the shaking stopped a bit and he glared at Gideon. Right, because Gideon had been as the male head of the house. Sam wasn't sure how Gideon and Sarah had figured out about him and Rylie, but his siblings meddled a lot.
Wanda sighed and let her legs drop off the bed. “I don’t want to come back. I just don’t want to be alone.”
Happy got a twist cone and Rhodey ordered three hot chocolates a basket of pretzels a peanut butter turtle blizzard and a mouse track blizzard. She wasn’t sure how he knew she liked that, but he did and she wasn’t going to complain because there was no way she could pull off a full sentence right now.
Sam wasn’t surprised by that one. “Except the foals, loves wolves and snakes although Loki never told Thor why.”
“So did you,” Wanda yelled as Bucky ducked out of the way of a straw wrapper, “and who did the three of you come to when you got confused. Right me.”
Tony sighed and shut the door Loki had left open. Sam’s internal reaction was to tell him to leave the door how Loki left it, but he didn’t. “I’m going to go check on Bucky,” Sam announced.
A week passed and Loki looked up from his work and saw the New York Temptress walk in a bundle of blankets in her arms. Janice got to her feet and greeted Mj who dropped her disinterested glare for a moment and handed the blankets over.
She found Peter much to her delight. He was sitting on a couch a platter of breakfast food on the coffee table surrounding a chess set. “Would you like some company?” Wanda asked.
“Furry assigned Natasha to you with the hope that you would adopt her into your heart and that she would do the same. Did that not occur?”
Tony opened the back door of the house for her and they stepped in. It was as tasteful as she thought it would be, but it was less sleek. It was more open and homely than any of his properties had been. This was homely. She could even smell cookies baking.
Her voice trailed off. “Steve would be ecstatic for you to be an influence on Peter,” Sam told her, “he has the highest respect for you.”
They spend the rest of the day lounging and by twelve the next day Sam was driving out of the Neighborhood. Loki didn’t combust or scream so Sam counted that as a win. Instead of combusting Loki read his book and snuck glances out the window every couple of minutes. Sam played the West Side Story soundtrack because that’s Loki’s favorite and they hum along together until they reach the college. They sat in the car for about ten minutes before Wanda walked towards the parking lot.
Loki looked at him but said nothing. Every bone in Sam’s body told him something was very wrong with the man in front of him. Who seemed to curl further into himself the longer he was there.
Peter squeaked and Shuri gave him an interested glance. Peter started to tell her about what he was doing with R5.
He starts to tell the story from his point of view. “So Scott and I are drunk out of our minds talking to the next bar,” Clint announced, “and we walk past another bar on the way and suddenly Steve’s turning to go in there. Except it’s obviously a gay bar there’s a big pride flag and everything. Scott and I got no clue what to do or what’s going on. We hadn’t known Cap that well back then, no one had. So Scott and I sober up in about a second and then go down to case a super Soldier down, ‘cept there’s this guy who’s got his hands around Steve’s waist and they’re both kind of laughing until the man kisses him and dances away.”
“A sensory chamber,” Bucky answered pulling the veil down “Clint and Scott made it. Steve wanted to make sure there were places in the club that people could escape to that toned down sight, sound and smell. You can press against the walls for a tactile sensation that helps with deep pressure.”
Then Sam arrived. Peter got to join Tony out to greet the newly arrived superhero this time. Sam had already been back in the states for a week. He had to go see his family before he came home. So Peter was bouncing up and down asking Wanda questions about what Sam was like because he was the Falcon and how cool was that?
Rhodey nodded his head in agreement. “Wanda we’ve talked a lot about this already and if we didn’t want it. We would have stopped you, but we haven’t.”
“First I’d like to help Sam with his work at the VA,” she answered. “but later I would like to help treat the mental health of super enhanced and individuals like the Avengers.”
He liked Tony’s wit, a lot actually, he just wasn’t sure if Tony would like his. He watched the banter drop from Tony’s expression.
They sat at a table and Happy fidgeted. “Sorry I was late Miss. Maximoff,” Happy grumped, “I should have got you first then Rhodey.”
He took Loki back to his room and rejoined the rest of the gang. Bruce was explaining his time with Thor and how he and Loki ended up back on Earth. Sam told them about everything that had happened since, and Tony showed the video proof. Darcy cried.
She smiled. “Where is my new little brother,” she demanded her eyes going a little sad at the word brother.
Bucky watched Sam fight the urge to get choked up over that. “You think we can get it down to a compromise,” Sam asked instead.
Bruce would bring in a chess board and play chess with him, because no one else would, even Tony. Tony didn’t have the patience for chess.
“Peter,” Loki explained, “small fragile little things that get squashed by the big ones, but your not small so it’s okay.”
Bucky’s eyes were wide filled with amazement. To everyone, but Steve’s surprise, Bucky was a huge fucking nerd. “The cool part,” Shuri started.
Ten minute later MJ glanced up again setting a sleeping Peter off her lap and standing up. “Time to go,” she announced.
And maybe that’s partly my fault. Maybe I only let you see the Queer Captain America and that confused you, but that’s not who I am, just like how you aren’t just Iron Man.
He told Frigga and Asgard that he found me abandoned in a temple. The truth was that my father Laufey told my mother who was a temple priestess to take me and hide. Odin found us anyway, killing the priestess and taking me with him. The defenseless child he found was small because priests are not warriors and ceremonies are made for the sleek and small not the brutish, and he grew smaller because Asgardian meats are poison to frost giants. Believe it or not, they are vegetarians,” Loki laughed with a sob.
Wanda felt the plane land down hours later. Not see because the plane didn’t have windows. Tony didn’t want to risk anyone seeing her, not the media, or the army, or any of their enimes. Wanda steeled herself to see the compound and grabbed the duffle bag she had put all of her things she wanted to keep in.
Wanda shot him a glare handing the cup back to Clint. Rhodey held out his cup to her. Wanda trotted over and took it taking a deep drink. “Thanks, Dad,” she exclaimed and joined Natasha.
Loki looked up and covered his mouth with his hands as his body reacted violently. Sam sat beside the god. And looked at the book. An eight-legged horse was proudly colored. Loki buried his head into his kneels and Sam put his arms around him. Later as Loki’s sobs started to die out Sam asked, “so who's the horse?”
Clint called that night and they talked about the day. “I’m coming to the states in two weeks,” he announced, “but I’m going to see my family first. It’ll probably be three weeks before I see you kid.”
Sam knew Loki had come home the second he arrived. It had him moving out the door before he could explain himself. The fact that Loki was in the body of a large Hispanic man didn’t detour Sam one bit. He knew his kid. And Natasha did too. They had Loki in their arms at the same time and Loki shifted down to the child they had come to know him as.
Loki whipped tears away from his cheeks and Sam appeared like he always did. “Thank you” his whispered “I can’t thank you enough.”
Sam sighed and looked around. They were right. It was only six and Loki started to wake up at eight usually. He’d see what he could get done by then. Turns out a lot could be done. His cell phone started to ring around seven thirty-five, seeing that it was from Natasha he swipped answer and watched her face pop up on the screen. “Do you have food,” she demanded.
Sorry, Tony, I tried to get him to stop, but he’s a whirlwind. You’re going to love him one day I promise. Here’s a list of counselors I recommend I know their not your favorite thing but we all need a little help.
T’Challa and Bucky shrugged. “Legit as in there’s court documents and Steve wants to invite them over to Thanksgiving,” Bucky answered.
Bucky laughed and threw an arm over her. “What are you studying,” Tony asked a part of him desperate to know.
Damn Clint. He always knew when something was wrong, could he figure out what it was? No, but the second he said that she wanted to curl into his arms and cry. “I’m not sad, just tired,” she protested, “I’m going to go to bed. Goodnight.”
Loki looked back at her. “I would have stabbed him,” he agreed, “but I wouldn’t kill him. He protects the time stone.”
Tony shrugged in reply. “Not any time soon,” he admitted, “I don’t think we have the relationship for that, but I think if he would like that one day I would too.”
Bucky felt his eyes widen further. Pepper continued, “Tony was going to have him join the Avengers but Peter turned him down,” she chuckled.
She rolled her eyes watching the screen crossly. Eventually, Sam turned it off. “Let’s go get that fixed,” Shuri demanded looking at Bucky’s arm.
Thor gulped. “What do you want now,” Thor asked, “I can not make up for the past, but I will help to ensure you of your freedom.”
So Pepper talked and Wanda said all the right things to keep her talking. To make it seem like she was invested in the conversation. And Wanda supposed that this was her pence her dire need to be around people, but the disconnect she felt from them. How she was unworthy of them. How her bloodstained magic repulsed them and how she could never have a true family again.
Loki took in a deep breath feeling more relaxed suddenly. “Natasha said that there is midgardian dancing theater called musicals,” he stated.
“I know it’s eating you alive and holding you back from life,” she answered, “but I also know that you do too much for us and ask for too little. How am I supposed to deny you privacy when it’s the only thing you ask for?”
But blood rolled out of his nose. He felt the Avengers realize that if they threw an attack at Strange he would just redirect it to Loki. “Fuck You Strange! Fuck you,” Tony yelled storming in, “Jesus Rhodey was I ever this big of an ass? I feel like I’m looking at a doucher version of myself.”
“Ouch, you sure do know how to hurt an old man,” he faked offense watching her kick out her legs from where she sat on the counter.
Sam paused and then walked over to the nightstand and pulled the photo off it. He knelt by the bed and let Loki look at the picture. “Umm,” he hummed and took in a deep breath, “do you remember when I told you about my friend who died in Afghanistan while we were serving?”
“Well ladies and gentle it appears like we are joined by Captain Rodgers and Sergeant Barnes, but before that a commercial break.”
Sam was hopeful that they would deem Bucky stable so they could leave Wakanda. T’Challa was an amazing host, but they didn’t want to keep relying on his kindness.
“I’m not alone Stevie,” Bucky answered, “you’re going to go out bar hopping with the numskulls over there so you can all decide what you want our bar to look like. Natalia and Wanda are ready for renovations. So the designer that’s You has to get his butt in gear and show everyone what he wants.”
They arrived at the first door on the second floor and Chase unlocked it. “Well my wife and I just found out that she’s pregnant,” he answered.
Loki liked Wanda and Peter. Wanda had a few day time classes tomorrow, but she was done before lunch, and Rhodey had meetings to attend to and Clint was bussy with Clint things. “We can surprise Wanda and pick her up from school tomorrow,” Sam suggested rubbing soothing circles into Loki’s back.
Tony doesn’t talk about Captain America or the other missing Avengers, and Peter doesn’t ask. He figures it’s a hard topic.
That wasn’t really descriptive. Loki followed Bucky and Sam over to one of the larger kitchen. All the Avengers and friends were there. Peter waved from where he was sitting. Rhodey pulled Sam into a conversation and Bucky wandered back over to Steve. Sam handed Loki an empty plate and nodded towards the laid out set of food. Loki bit the inside of his lip and looked at the others plates. They were stacked high with meats and vegetables and grains, but mostly meat. Stake. The Midgardians called it stake and some of it was dripping with blood.
The man glared jerking his fist away and storming to the other side of the room. Tony pulled them both down onto the couch smoothed down his tie and pulled out his phone his aura suddenly calm and charming again. He leaned back and slung his arm around her shoulder. “Are you ok Kid?” He asked.
“He is,” Natasha agreed, “but Bucky is doing better. He's doing great Sam. Maybe Loki won’t get any better, but at least he is safe here and you’ve given him the opportunity to get better whatever that means for him.”
Loki was not going to admit that he had copied everyone else. “I supposed that since my stomach is stronger now I would try Midgardian meals,” he answered, which wasn’t really a lie.
Steve chuckled softly but sobered quickly. “I'm sorry that someone used my image to hurt you,” he told the man, “but we just wanted to reiterate for you that what they said has nothing to do with our views and that we support you. Now we’re going to let you go and Daniel is going to come home and take care of you.”
Sam supposed that was true. “Whatever,” he grumbled, “go get to work, you’d think the two of you were on break, not me.”
Each memory was precious and it would be these memories that he treasured until he died. The ones he escaped to when the pain became too much. The family who had truly adopted him with love and commitment when they had so many reasons not to.
Rhodes was hurt, Steve and half of the Avengers were long gone and into hiding and all he had left was Pepper and his destructive tendencies.
He leaned up against the wall and watched as F.R.I.D.A.Y pulled up the video against the other side of the wall. Peter watched Clint fumble around one of the kitchens trying to bake a cake. He was doing fine until he got distracted and the cake started to burn and he had no idea of the beeping because Duh he was deaf and was always turning his hearing aids off. Peter laughed.
Thor and his friends talked and argued. Loki ignored them. He ignored them and Thor’s lies. He wished Thor would start out easy on him. He wished he had been more like Odin and started beating him first for being a dishonest, untrustworthy, selfish, entitled, brat who needs to earn his place. Loki did not miss the fact that in order to make up for all those things he did he had to do those kinds of things. But that didn’t make him believe it any less because either way, Odin had been right. But if Thor had beaten him first, then Loki could have kept pretending that Thor loved him, that Thor wanted him around. Instead, Thor was sending him away for all the reasons their father had. It was cruel.
Clint and Natasha approach him like the loving sniddy children that they are. Natasha kissed his cheek and Fury set the kids down before pulling them both into a tight hug. Then he slapped Tony and Steve upside the head. Sam and Rhodey laugh. “Next time you knuckleheads want to screw everything up wait until I get back to clean up your mess!”
Loki huffed. “They didn’t always force me to submit,” he informed Sam, “I learned to trade myself for favor.”
Peter shrugged and blushed. Bucky ruffled the kid's hair. “Give me your phone, I’m going to put Shuri’s number in it.”
Tony screamed again, and the next time Peter came over he found his room full of iron man merchandise, but the Captain America blanket was sitting on his bed neatly folded. Peter kind of loves Tony for that.
It was different though. It was different. Thor has put the spell in place, he had put the chains and muzzle on. He had done that. Not their father. Thor was doing this to him. Thor was giving him away.
Sam played musical soundtracks and did research while Loki laid in the yard and walked around it pointing out places for flower beds. Sam promised to get some wood on his way home the next day so they could build the flower beds and Loki smiled at him like he had just promised him the world. It was sad how little it took to make him smile like that.
Tony gasped. “No,” he yelled, “there is already one teenager in this household who is not attending and I will not tolerate a second. I have a legacy to uphold here.”
Loki felt like that said something but he wasn’t aware of Bucky’s past so he wasn’t sure what it meant exactly. “Tempters can endure more than most regular humans can even when they are unaware of it.”
Bucky’s eyes were hard, focusing on the tv, Sam watched Bucky countdown the seconds until Steve’s inevitable meltdown. Shuri spoke up first in a moan. “Peter is not supposed to die before I can turn him into my sidekick slash science friend.”
So he could leave his cell. Good to know. But what was a F.R.I.D.A.Y? It didn’t sound like he was talking about the Midgardian weekday. “Oh,” Sam exclaimed reading his face, “ F.R.I.D.A.Y is one of Tony’s AI’s.  F.R.I.D.A.Y say hi to Loki.”
Sam nodded once and Bucky tossed him a pen, which Tony didn’t even know was thrown until Steve caught it. Without any other thought, Steve signed and Tony felt his breath leave him. “Sam remind me to sign up for civil laws classes once we get pardoned in the states and get home,” he requested.
Sam snorted and sent Dax and Alex away so he could finish paperwork. Thirty minutes later Sam was distracted again and in the lobby throwing pens at Alex while Dax laughed at them. “Sam!”
He finally made it to the kitchen. He sat against the cupboards, forcing his vision to stop swirling. When it did Loki found a glass and flipped it with water, and then he found a chicken broth. He sat back down on the ground. Once he finished his eyes fluttered shut, and while Loki wasn’t keen on falling asleep here, but he knew it made no difference as to where he was if they wanted to hurt him. He was in his enemies home and they would do as they pleased to him.
Rhodey snorted. “Of course,” the man agreed, “that was the start of the joke that you’re Tony Stark’s Niece.”
The bed was a giant pit in the ground that could be covered to make more floor room. There was also a fluffy set of bunk beds nestled in the back of the room framed by bookcases. There was a desktop computer area which Tony hung a “For Old People” sign above. The open floor plan and the closet space was nice and it had dressers built into the walls and weird cupboard space that could store amazingly a lot. Plus there was a fridge. “It’s perfect,” Jane repeated, “whenever Thor could he always liked to talk about Loki. Loki loves stars, he loves history and language and learning cultures. You should get him books on culture, and games of wit. Loki likes theater more than anyone has ever had any right to. Avoids horses.”
Loki looked up at the twinkling stars. “It’s important to take the chance to please your Mother,” he stated, “I wish I had pleased my Mother more.”
Natasha looked between the two men, what were they planning? This was their I’m planning shit act. “So what are these plans,” the interviewer pressed, “will you continue to work for S.H.E.I.L.D?”
Sam joined Rhodey in chugging their coffee. He looked at the time. He wanted to give Loki a chance to join them without being prompted, but he was going to have to go get him soon.
He watched Sam’s lips tip up into a smile. Bucky for his part looked torn between surprised and horrified. “We’re not closing for another couple of hours and Steve gets home this morning,” Sam announced, “feel free to come in or you can come back at four if you want.”
“Thor didn’t know,” Sam confirmed taking his hand which was as cold as ice, but that didn’t concern him.
“Thanks,” Sam answered and shoved a small tin of leftovers in the fridge and heading towards his room that was located in the Ranch House.
He watched Spiderman who definitely was not a full-grown man answer a call. His body tensed in the all shoot position which reminded Steve of how Bucky use to react when his Moma came looking for him when he didn’t come home on time.
Bucky snorted. Then Peter turned towards the open field and a jet black quinjet appeared out of nowhere. It was already landed and the gate was opening. Bucky jumped to his feet and started towards it. Steve sighed and sat up watching Bucky stroll over, and he took a moment to enjoy the view. Tony watched curiously. He wasn’t sure on what terms he stood with Wakanda and if Bucky wanted to brave this storm good for him. T’Challa and Shuri stepped off the ramp with Nikita and Okoye right behind them. “If it is not our White Wolf,” T’Challa greeted, “I did not expect you to be waiting for us.”
Steve climbed to his feet and marched over. Peter hovered at his heels. Steve shook hands with all of them. “Do you want me to take the picture for you?” Peter asked nervously, “I’m pretty decent with a camera.”
By the end of the way, Wanda was trying not to nod off into sleep as Laura showed her photos of her kids. “And that’s baby Nathaniel, he was going to be Natalia if he was a girl, but his godmother spoils him anyways. Calls him her little Pep. When Clint came home after Slovakia he asked if we could change Nathaniel’s middle name to Pietro.”
Loki woke up laying in a bed far too big and far too white to be the one he had been sleeping in. The previous day rolled over him. Stupid sorcerer.
He looked back at the two men, who were staring at him. The black man nodded towards the room so Loki forced himself in. He left the door open and headed towards the shower. It did sound good.
He said goodbye and hugged Wanda again. Then he exited the bar with Bucky on his heels. When Black Widow tells you to do something you don’t question it.
Loki looked down at the blanket. Sam continued anyways. “Bucky has been in a lot of pain. He’s the guy I told you about who was the tortured assassin. A group called Hydra stole him and brainwashed him in order to use him as a killing machine. When you arrived it triggered some bad memories, so he’s been staying at his home for a while.”
Bucky leaned forward and gently shoved him into the wall. Before Tony could protest Tony felt the wall engulf him and he pressed against it harder. “Ooh,” he answered.
Sam groaned. That hadn’t helped. Two hours later Bucky sent him a text with a sleepy looking Steve laid out on their bed a thin sheet wrapped around his waist and his neck covered in hickeys.
Steve and Bucky looked at each other. The language that only they knew. “Can I draw you,” Steve asked Shuri.
Natasha shushed him. “Can you eat dairy?” Sam asked looking through the fridge, “you’ve been here way too long for me to not know this.”
To say that Wanda is surprised when there’s a knock on her door is an understatement. And it’s another understatement to say that she’s surprised when she sees it’s Rhodey. He looks at her with clear and calm eyes despite the tears trickling down her face. “Tony and Pepper won’t watch trash reality TV with me,” he complained, “and it’s the season start of The Real Housewives of New Jersey. Do you want to watch it with me?”
Loki watched his body fall and as it does Sam is yelling and running, so is Wanda. Which is weird. Strange picks up the book and flipped through it before he disappears. The House Temptress cuts the event off.
Peter kept talking but his voice slowly trailed off. Pepper furiously whipped tears from her eyes and pulled Peter into a hug. “Did I just call you Mom,” he squeaked.
Bucky gently set his knives back down, and then put them away. He laid back against the ground looking at the ceiling. “Hey Stevie,” he asked in English surprise Steve.
She noticed the confused looks from the family and shrugged, “I was looking at them for a school project.”
Steve smiled back and closed his eyes. He fell asleep between his boyfriends for the first time. It was the best sleep any of them had gotten in years.
Sam flinched. He beckoned Loki in and away from the doorway. It took him a minute to remember that Loki was a shapeshifter, but once he did it made sense. “Lo this is my sister Sarah and my mother. Guys this is Lo. No, I did not get a girl pregnant only to find a kid on my doorstep seventeen years later.”
“I knew I liked you for a reason,” Natasha answered as Loki said, “I don’t understand how can toast be a country?”
The week crept up quickly and Aunt May told him to be good and let Happy take him away. Peter was nervous, to say the least.
Tony watched them. It was like they were in a vacuum. Their hold world consisted of just one another. Everything that happened around them was nothing. “I’m going to send you back to Europe,” Tony muttered.
Then the video stopped. The title of the video was R5, Peter Parker, and Ned Leeds Winners Of Midtown Highs Fifth Annual Robotics show.
So everyone knew Loki as a broken teenager that had come under their care, but there always was the knowledge that Loki was in many ways a god. So no they did not expect him to get sick. But he did. Sam found him passed out in the garden his skin turning blue and sweating. Sam freaked out calling Darcy, Jane, Bruce, and Tony while lugging Loki back inside to his bed.
Tony steady himself as Bucky lead him back up the stairs. He opened the second set of doors and Tony was assaulted by the lights and music. Bucky shouldered his way over to the bar.
Sam quickly learned that Loki had random good days and bad days. Good nights and bad nights. The good nights Loki slept through and the bad ones he woke up to Loki’s screams shaking the house. The good days Loki spent in his garden or Bucky’s, talking to Wanda and “training her” and Darcy when she showed up without Jane. The pair had moved in on Tony’s offer. Though the three of them only really understood what they were doing.
She always had, but Solviva falling hadn’t helped. “Good news is that it’s over,” Tony answered, “welcome home.”
Happy pulled out of the lot and half an hour later they were sitting in Dairy Queen. Wanda couldn’t bring herself to leave the comfort that Rhodey offered, her whole body was still shaking and he didn’t seem willing to shove her off either. Instead, he just held her tighter.
Her stare intensified. “Ok Nat,” he agreed and suddenly furry welded up in his chest because Rylie would have hated this.
“We’re not sure yet,” Rhodey answered, “we’ve been easing ourselves back into each other’s lives. It’s going to take a while before we’re a unit again. With Steve and Bucky home we’re ready to figure it all out.”
Currently, Sam sat in the living room of the apartment that T’Challa had let them borrow. Steve and Bucky were sitting in the kitchen doing that thing when they both said nothing to each other, but they were saying a million different things anyway.
The tender moment dissolved and Bucky ruffles his hair “punk,” he answered and shoved Steve out the door closing it on his ass.
They both looked at each other until Lilia returned and Steve joined her at the coffee table to draw. Tony relaxed back into the couch watching his family slowly drip in. Peter wouldn't be back till Thursday, but for now, this was good.
Loki pressed against Sam’s side and Momma came in. “I got a garden in the roof if you want to see it, Lo,” she announced.
They ate a quiet breakfast and Natasha asked him about his plans for the garden. Then Bucky and Steve arrived.
The crew announced they were going to camera, but the interviewer was still pale. “Welcome back ladies and gentlemen,” he announced anyways despite his paleness as Bucky smiled at him, “before the commercial break we were joined by Captain America and Sergeant Barnes.”
Shuri and Tony rolled their eyes. Bucky looked down at Peter and he knew how to get Shuri's attention off of him and please the young girl at the same time. “Oh. Shuri look who’s with us.”
Damn it. They hadn’t had WiFi at her house when her parents were alive. And Hydra had seemed to give them all the answers they were looking for. They were told Tony Stark made weapons, and set them off and then acted like a superhero in his day job. And that was all before she got her power.
“We were going to invite you to the last few exertions,” Laura explained, “but you were out on a mission every scheduled day and then that whole mess happened. But you’re here now and once Natasha gets back everything will be set back in place.”
Sam stopped before his brother and Rylie’s mother in front of the courtroom. She didn’t like the attention, but she knew what her son would have wanted. Sam leaned down and kissed her cheek. She took the spot on his arm where Natasha had been, tears leaking down her cheek and a folded flag tucked under her arm.
“I tried to keep it all inside me,” Loki whispered, “now that it’s coming out I can’t hold it in anymore.”
They were watching America’s Next Top Model. Well, Clint was doing bad imitations and Wanda was on her phone looking at the internet and texting while Rhodey threw popcorn at Clint. “Hey, Dad can you pass the popcorn please,” Wanda asked as Clint plopped down next to her.
Well, Steve and Bucky just wanted each other and Wanda only had the Avengers, but Clint and Scott had kids and Natasha was the godmother/aunt of all Clint’s kids and Sam’s entire family lived in New York, but all that was semantics. The point still holds. “We have people who are taking over for us,” Steve explained “and we did all this because there isn’t only one way to superhero. We needed to help people so we did.”
And if the words "experiment on you" didn’t shut Wanda down nothing would. She felt cold and froze and the man kept talking and she thought he grabbed her arm, but who the fuck knew because we wanted to experiment on her. And she couldn’t stop him. She could see the news reporters now Wanda Maximoff assaults local professor unprovoked, can we trust this Hydra menace?
Steve did not elect to respond after that. Sam snorted as they entered the kitchen pocketing his phone. “Hey Nat,” Sam greeted the redhead who was humming while she cooked.
Sam from his spot on the couch started to read the newest version of the accords. Tony’s name was already signed, but his name didn’t really matter there's did.
Wanda liked the hip-hop music from Sokovia and neighboring countries. It made her feel closer to home.
“You do love me, Stevie,” Tony exclaimed, “and here I thought you were going to tell me to add more stuff to the suit.”
Tony leaned back. There was so much to think about in that, but there was something in that Tony knew he had already failed at. Steve’s warning had come too late. He had already taken the suit back.
“Trauma doesn’t care,” Bucky pointed out, “if he’s spent his whole life attached to Thor and Thor from his perspective did the one thing he feared then he’s fucked.”
Steve rolled his eyes. Lilia looked over at him with her big ones. “Well, I’ve heard rumors that he’s a really good artist. Though he’s never shown me anything. How about you go get the art kit and bully him into doing art with you.”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, “and he’s going to be hanging around more if I have anything to say about it. Come back Happy I have work to do.”
“Well the Neighborhood is big so unless you want to drive a car you get a golf cart. Your golf carts at your house. Just the one house but two golf carts. I can build another house, but I didn’t suppose you would want one.”
“I wanted to know if he was a dick or if he just upset Wanda by accident. Apparently not. We can keep doing interviews with him,” Bucky announced and gave the man a look.
Because Loki thought words were important, and while he wasn’t really trying to manipulate anyone, as a silver tongue those things mattered to him. “Do you want to go,” Sam asked.
Sam made soft sounds as Loki started to shake. “And Odin was right. Despite everything I am I could not stop Thor from becoming him. I thought for a moment on the ship going away from Asgard that Thor would leave the old ways in the past. But then he came with the cuffs and the muzzle, and that book that Odin and his friends created for him. To show him how to be a warrior king, for how to treat me. But Thor’s just the same.”
She frowned slightly and reached forward rubbing his cheek. “You push people away when you are scared младший брат (little brother) and I should not have let you push me away when you needed me.”
Sam bopped his nose. “You didn't, you know exactly what I said and you’re using subversion tactics to start a conversation.”
Cooper and Lilia ran through the room. Lilia stopped when she saw Wanda and waved a paper in front of her. “Wanda! I drew a picture for you,” she exclaimed, “see Mommy has Nathaniel and Cooper is next to her, and I’m next to Daddy and so are you and then there's Aunty Nat next your other Daddy!”
Sam rolled his eyes. “They’re going to come into the house covered in paint,” Steve muttered watching Bucky and Clint shot at each other.
Loki shrugged. “Typically across the galaxy male warriors only keep male bed partners in order to show superiority and dominance,” Loki choked on the words, “most find it as a barbaric practice, but most barbarians do not care.”
Sam watched Loki lean forward and Sam recognized the battle stance. He was moving toward Loki before his own panic could reach him. “I’m okay Lo,” he assured the boy.
Tony and Rhodey laughed. “Well, I’m sure she’ll be happy to hear all that tomorrow bud,” Tony answered.
Then she hung up. Wanda fell back onto her bed and let the tears slip down freely. Damn Clint. It was unfair. Why did he have to act so fatherly one minute and then go and remind her that he would never actually fill that role for her? And damn her for thinking he might actually want to. And damn her do thinking she deserved a normal family. And damn her for wanting that. And damn her for crying over all this shit when she should just be happy to be alive and safe and have a strange little-broken family that as trying to figure itself out.
Loki eventually began exploring by himself again. Enough that he tended to bump into other Avengers. Loki tensed to leave whatever room Tony or Clint walked into or were already in, but if it was Bruce, Steve, Rhodey, or Natasha. And they got used to his presence even started to interact with him.
Rylie’s Ma, bless her, was surprised as hell when a black man followed her boy’s casket home. Still, she took me in kept me going until I could stand by myself again. Then she shoved me out into the world. She’s the only person stateside that knows about it all. The army made the marriage certificates disappear and all the paperwork. And I don’t talk about it. Not even to all my friends. I suppose Natasha would know if she went poking around my room, but they respect my space.
Loki shrugged. “I wanted to see you so I teleported,” he answered, “the house temptress said she would inform him.”
Tony Stark had a nasty habit of destroying things he feared. Not that he meant to, but coping was a very strange thing.
Bucky, in fact, did know how gay that was. Sam sighed. “I’m following his Tumblr,” Shuri explained with another eye roll, “the last two posh he has made has been along the lines of “is there something along the lines of I want to push you against the wall and give you a million hickies so everyone knows your mind but not like in a sexual way, ok that was a lie in a very very gay way. I’m gay, help” and this one is my favorite “my best friend and I are in love with each other but we won’t say it because neither of us are ready for that and he’s a mess, and I’m a bigger mess, but there is no one I would rather be a mess with.” Which is basically a culmination of all that gayness we just witnessed so...”
As he said that everyone relaxed. And Furry wasn’t wrong. He was just as much family as anyone here. Furry tended to pop in and out at will, but he tended to be at all the important things. He had hung around the tower and the compound, had made it to birthday parties and Avenger holidays, and get together Sundays. The problem was you could never get use to seeing Nick Furry and expect the world not to be ending.
Shuri cast her eyes around and settled on Peter. He met her eyes and Bucky knew a great friendship was being born. Shuri has seen the Peter R5 videos and was just as enamored as everyone else. Peter was a genius and there were very few people that could meet her at her level.
Loki rose to his feet keeping his head down. “I do not know what is going on and I do not like it,” Thor admitted, “where is your clever tongue brother. You’ve always met me as an equal. What is this?”
Now that he was putting weight back on he didn’t look as hallow and looked more angelic. “Everyone deserves a second chance,” she answered.
“You’d care if one of us could kill you,” she pointed out, “you would have fought Strange if you could have.”
“You might want to get more plastic dishes. Asgardians tends to get emotional and forget their own strength,” Jane explained taping up the box.
Peter gasped “I have been betrayed,” he screamed stumbling across the room, “why have you forsaken me like this father?”
Bruce looked relieved. “We’ve talked about this,” Sam sighed because they had a long team meeting about this “just because you are fucked up does not mean you can take it out on other people. Tony don’t act like you’ve been having good days lately and Clint I know this is scary for you, but this obviously isn’t helping any.”
The next morning Sam is watching Loki sleep again. He had to wake him to remind him where he was going and who he’d wake up to find, but he also looked to peaceful to wake.
Thor departed after that and two minutes later Loki felt his magic being released allowing him full control over it, rather than the partial control he previously had. It came back to him like air after drowning. Once that registered in his mind he was gone. Natasha and Sam were furious when their child was not where Thor had claimed he would be. Tony hoped he never saw Sam that mad ever again.
Chase nodded and they kept talking for a while. Steve thanked Chase and told him he’d let him know about the apartment. He wouldn’t actually but it was good to keep up pretenses.
Loki liked Ice coffee but he took a two hour nap once they got home. Family dinner was at the Ranch house tonight so Sam pack's Loki’s bag while he was sleeping. When Loki woke up they talked about the car ride to see Wanda, which turned out pretty good. Sam didn’t mention any other trips away and got Loki moving to head over to Tony’s.
He didn’t answer so Tony peaked in. Little strange contraptions. His eye was caught by a rubix cube sitting at the bottom. “Are these supposed to be puzzles?”
She joined Rhodey by the counters and dipped her finger into a bowl of cookie doe. “This is good,” she noted giving Peter one of her friendlier smiles.
Bucky shrugged. “It was my body that did it. So didn’t I do it? Wasn’t it my fault for succumbing to them? Maybe there was a way I could have fought Hydra off.”
“Bucky is yelling about the price of parking,” Lo answered, “and Steve is trying not to agree with him.”
Tony kissed a tear that fell down his cheek. “I’m an ass, aren’t I? Teasing you about Barnes being your boyfriend when he actually was.”
Just then Black Widow walked behind Tony and leaned over his shoulder. “I’ll watch the Little Spider,” she offered.
He set the picture down and opened the drawer. He stared at their mismatched rings for a moment then he closed the drawer and went to start his day.
Loki perked up and leaned forward and Sam sent him off. “POW, huh,” Jul their cousin asked, “do they send them all to you now, or what?”
Sam took in a deep breath. “Alright,” he agreed trying to think of something that Loki might like besides the gardens and books.
Tony scrolled down to the attached photo. Steve, Scott, Clint, Sam, Wanda, Natasha, and James Barnes were sitting on the front stoop in front of the bar in civilian clothes. Steve had a shit eating grin on his face like he just knew that everyone who wanted to get them was looking at this photo with their damn hands tied.
Bucky rolled his eyes and looked over at Tony. Shuri chose to look up at the same moment. “And I’m interrupting something,” she stated as her eyes narrowed with recognition “do you need a safe house?"
Loki was always desperate for good touch and if it was Sam he would fling himself at him to get it. With Natasha he wasn’t nearly as pushy, but she could see his eyes and would cave before he could do anything. He wouldn’t initiate touch from anyone else, but for some he was more than happy to receive it. Peter and Wanda made points to plaster themselves against him in a large cuddle pile, and Bucky and Steve were big on hugs. Bruce had his own issues about physical contact, but he’d ruffle Loki’s hair or pat his back. Jane and Darcy seemed to always know when and when they couldn’t be physically affectionate, some days with them could get rough, especially if his memories were bad.
Then Sam was there in between Loki and the Warrior King and Loki sobbed with relief. Sam was mortal, unable to match Thor, but at least Sam wouldn’t abandon him. “Thor backup,” Natasha ordered.
The room like the house was expensive but homely. It was a lot different from her room at the Compound that felt more like a hotel room than anything. It appeared that Tony had taken whatever personal touches she had put in that room to design this one.
Loki nodded and they watched a lazy episode together. When it finished Sam’s Mom burst into the room. “Get up,” she exclaimed, “we have things to do. Hi, Lo.”
Loki frowned. Wanting. He knew it. He did. He just didn’t know if he had the right to want anything. Bucky thought he did, but did that mean anything? Who was in charge here? When he had been to Earth the first time Tony and Steve had been in charge of their little team with the Tempter glaring at everyone. But maybe Sam was in charge now. Sam acted like he was in charge. Loki didn’t know. Sam was in charge of him.
“The only person I would trust to supervise you in my labs flew off in a quinjet years ago,” Tony exclaimed.
Sam raced out of the room at Lo’s yelling and Natasha was at his heels. Gideon and their mother stood at the door with Steve standing behind them with an angry look on his face, which was alarming because he was supposed to be in Wakanda.
Cap let the letters fall to the ground and pulled Tony into his arms. “Oh we’re touching now great,” Tony muttered.
Damn it this kid was too loveable and Tony was such a dick. Still, Steve had been the one to figure out how Peter fought and make everything work for him so he knew how to beat him. And Steve knew he was dangerous when something stood in his way.
“It’s an agreement between people that say they want to and they are willing to have sex with each other and it refers to the terms in which that agreement stands.”
Natasha took a step between Loki and Clint and Sam was unsure who she was trying to protect. “That explains too much about the two of you,” Clint exclaimed paling.
“Wanda this is May Parker and Laura Barton,” Pepper announced, “Ladies Wanda Maximoff. I thought she might enjoy joining our girl's group.”
Tony had offered Sam his own floor at the tower, but Sam had politely refused a permanent stay. He needed his own space without having to think about someone on the team barging in on him. Frankly, Steve understood. Besides Sam’s new apartment was closer to the V.A.
“It’s good,” Chase answered, “I know it doesn’t look fresh, but since Spiderman came around crime rates have dropped dramatically. Everyone looks out for each other here. I have a closet filled with presents for the baby.”
Natasha drummed her fingers against the table. “We believe what you experience,” she told him, “but while Thor lacks common sense he has never been anything but pure of heart. We were very cautious about this.”
A moment later a blond bulk of muscle and a three-piece suit ran in. Loki glanced at them from his spot on the wall, where he was reading.
He obediently wrapped an arm around her shoulder. Tony squeaked and fumbled to get the roses and the vodka off from the ground. He held them out like a crucifixion.
Rubert rubbed the back of his head. “Sorry,” he mumbled holding out his hand to Loki, “Rubert. Sam’s brother in law. Luckily I married Sarah while he was away, so I didn’t have to deal with two scary brothers.”
Natasha was already looking through the security footage. Mj and Ned had literally walked through the front gates and the door. Ned lifted up his face to see their faces and immediately shoved them back down. Mj never lost at chicken and she was going to play this the long way. Fantastic.
No, not really. Just then the front door open and Steve waltzed in with a smile and a black eye tossing his keys into the air. “I’m home! Sorry, I’m late,” he called turning to shut the door behind him.
The news came on just as Steve was finishing. “In other news last night in New York, it has been confirmed that Spiderman prevented villain named Tomes from stealing a stash of alien technology from Tony Stark."
It wasn’t that big of a stretch. Steve had wondered when he first meet the twins if they could mentor them, and while Pietro did die, which Steve would always feel guilty over Wanda was still with them. Though Clint was more like her father than anyone else. Maybe Steve could count himself like an Uncle, maybe.
She sat down as Darcy put her full body weight into Loki so he couldn’t escape. Well, he actually could, but the look Natasha had on her face told him that he should stay put. “I haven’t seen Lord of the Rings either,” Steve announced.
Tony tapped something on his phone and Steve peered over his shoulder. “What are you doing,” he asked.
Tony knew he wasn’t going to get anywhere with this conversation and if they kept going he might blush fire truck red. “So when did you hit Barcelona,” he asked as Steve and Bucky moved to get their things.
They had all agreed that if Peter knew about Loki he would want to see the demigod. And Tony wasn’t very good at lying to his kid and Pepper didn’t even think about trying. So they just didn’t tell him.
Natasha choked on her drink and leaned against the counter. “You’re saying that your a teenager,” she demanded.
Bruce hit Tony's chest in protest while Sam glared. “Leave my new best friend alone,” Wanda exclaimed pushing past Tony and Bruce before sitting next to Sam.
Sam obeyed and took a sip. “I’m making bacon and croissants because there are no super soldiers to feed,” she added, “if you want anything else let me know.”
Bucky waved to a passing car. “That’s why you got confused as to who he is. That’s why the world did. I’m afraid we are a bit lost without each other. What Steve didn’t tell you was his own folly and maybe he didn’t even think to tell you, maybe he was keeping it from you, but even if he was that’s no easy situation.”
He looked over at Peter who just about squealed. Sam stuck out his hand. “Nice to meet you Peter,” he greeted.
He handed it back over and Peter ran his hand down the spine. He whipped tears away from his cheeks. Rhodey smiled hugging the young boy. Once Peter pulled himself together he smiled at Rhodey. “Thank you so much,” he exclaimed, “I really appreciate it!”
“Well it’s considered to be not as good,” Sam answered, “and everyone would rather see it in the theater, but theater isn’t exactly cheap and everything on Broadway is in New York, or it stops running, so stuff happens.”
Steve blushed and the man laughed. “All the pretty ones are, except for me,” his head tilted back, “it’s in the eyes.”
You were a bigger dick for bringing Peter with you. What were you thinking Tony? It hurts to think that you were just making a play to hurt me and well I guess that worked, and I guess you meant to push me away at that point. Just like you did with Nat. She’s devastated by the way. But if you need me, I’ll be a phone call away.
Sam laughed and let F.R.I.D.A.Y play through the videos. “Will you stay?” Loki asked his eyes fluttering shut.
Loki gulped. He didn’t like Strange, and he couldn’t hurt anyone and that had to include the annoying sorcerer who thought he knew everything and labeled him a problem. Which wasn’t wrong, but annoying. And as annoying and self-righteous as he was Loki knew that the sorcerer would kill him to prevent Loki from causing trouble and here he was back on Earth.
Bucky grabbed Steve’s dog tags from under his shirt and studied the names. “Remember this,” he ordered.
Steve did. Steve gave them the plans and themes and sketches of what he wanted and they went and created it.
Sam passed the small silver one over. She looped it on with the tags and handed it back. “There now he’s with your heart. That’s where I keep your father’s.”
When Steve and Bucky went to their house that night Bucky took a picture of the house and posted that as well.
Wanda appeared holding a book and she chucked it at Strange’s feet. It flipped open and a scream filtered the room. Loki flinched watching his skin being peeled from his own bones. He closed his eyes and his magic jumped out at the book forcing it closed. Loki felt his body shaking. He whimpered. “Please no. Please. Please,” he begged unable to stop his mind getting hazy in the memory “please. I don’t know what I did!”
She shone with pride. Sam felt a bite of discomfort at that. It wasn’t like he didn’t want to help his brother cook, but he just hadn’t arrived in time lately to do so. “Oh you know we don’t blame you, honey,” his mother cooed, “hurry up and come home. I’ll see you then. Happy Thanksgiving Natasha.”
That appeared to be the end of the discussion as Pepper got a call and they said their goodbyes. Bucky and Sam didn’t say anything about how they were planning on keeping this behind Steve’s back because it didn’t bother either of them.
All three men shot off and Tony ran in pursuit. Pepper chuckled by Loki’s side and Natasha handed him a gift-wrapped jewelry box. “Something pretty to wear tonight,” she told him, “Pepper helped get it.”
Shuri laughed the three warriors gave him incredulous looks. “Your Mother would like to see it,” Okoye decided at last.
“I was running away from imprisonment and changed into a mare. They released their best stallion to catch me. I gave birth to Sleipnir. When Odin took me back to Asgard he took Sleipnir and used him as his horse until Sleipnir was slain in battle.”
Loki snapped his fingers again and he died as well. “I’m sorry to draw you into this Angrboda,” Loki told her kissing his son’s cheek.
Natasha tapped her nails on the bar. “Yes. We will be having a talk about my Baby Spider,” she announced, “But later. Bucky will walk you back to your plane.”
Our home is always open to you and I’m not going to turn you in, even though I hate you. Even though I’m supposed to because I love your perfect white teeth.
He heard Thor walk over to the bed his hands grasping at the book. He threw it back down and it flipped open. Screams and moans filled the air. It didn’t matter what act it was depicting. It didn’t. It only mattered how Thor ran into the bathroom and retracted. The screams got louder and louder and finally, blissfully they stopped. Thor retracted again and Loki dared to glance over at the book. To see a very young version of himself being snapped into chains and a muzzle while the man on top of him kept moving. Thor walked back into the room staring at the display no longer than a moment before shutting it.
Loki laughed at that and so did Bucky with a kind smile. There was something to be said about the power of acknowledging how screwed you actually are. “That’s not the point. The first thing I remember wanting was Steve. Just to be near him and I didn’t care what he did after that, I just wanted him. And after that came small little realizations. I wanted stability, food, water, shelter, comfort, cleanliness, to have a home with Steve. Just the needs a person can have and are entitled to have that I hadn’t had. Once I got past wanting and realizing I could have all those things I started to realize I wanted things like freedom and personal expression, and the right to choose what I do with my life. It’s a working progress but I’m getting there.”
Tony fiddled with his phone taking it back from Steve. “That was all the reasons why I came,” Tony answered, “but Rhodey sent something with me.”
Darcy disappeared as Jane started to bounce off ideas. “Hey Bird Man,” she called from down the hall, “what’s this?”
Tony’s mouth opened in an O shape and he clamped it shut again. “Is he serious,” he demanded as Steve’s eyes widened.
Just then Tony stalked out onto the porch. “This is going to sound horrible,” he declared and pointed at Sam, “why is there a black kid sitting with Wanda and Peter that looks like your son?”
“The crazies have been coming up with your training,” Sam answered, “well mostly Steve, but Nat knows what he wants and what he is looking for. So she should be able to handle your training until Steve gets here.”
He let the cookies swirl in the air as Wanda tugged him towards the couch. “Tell me about magic,” she demanded.
The two super soldiers shoved their way into view laughing. “I can’t take you anywhere,” Loki complained.
Sam glared as Natasha glanced over at Tony. “Don’t worry Sam you're not the worst at Russian now, Tony is.”
He was wearing one of the horrible Christmas sweaters Bucky and Steve had got him, damn them. “What about school,” Sam suggested, “it’ll give you something to do during the day while I am at work and since it’s winter you can’t do much in your garden right now. Peter would go to the same school, Midtown Tech is opening an arts hall. Theater, dancing, music, writing, painting, things like that. Peter thought you might enjoy it.”
“I spent four months reading everything I could get my hands on about everything Steve was ever diagnosed with, so screw you,” Bucky exclaimed shoving a finger into Sam’s chest, “and fuck off. Give me two days and I’ll know more about it than you!”
Natasha pulled Loki out of the room as the pair started to bicker. Sam was out of the shower by the time they had finished setting up the table. Sam asked them about their day and after that, the table fell into companionable silence.
Loki hopped to his feet and walked towards the back of the house. Sam followed. Loki looked out the screen glass door and Sam opened it before Loki presses his face against the glass.
Then he walked out of the room holding the bird merchandise like a prize. Maybe it was. Before Bucky hadn’t been much of a jokester like this and Steve found himself loving this new part of Bucky. “I’m gonna go sleep,” he announced, “why did shopping take so much energy?”
He didn’t need to tell Steve that they weren’t ready yet, that adoption would be near impossible not because they were two men, but because of Bucky’s reputation. Steve didn’t need to hear that, he just needed Sam’s support. “You’ll make the best Dads one day.”
Not very long indeed. Wanda had walked in on Clint having a video chat with his wife. That had been terrible. How Laura had smiled at her like she was welcome, How Clint’s eyes had widened when he realized what she had done. She had felt his panic as his mind processed the reality of his family and his superhero family merging again. How he couldn’t handle that. And that’s is Wanda knew that Clint would never adopt her into his heart. Not in the way that Tony had with Peter. Maybe Clint would act parental, but he wasn’t hers and that was that. And that was crushing. So she had stayed just long enough to say hello and excuses herself before she went down to the training room and joined Steve punching a bag to death. Now she got to actually meet the women. Great.
Loki rubbed his arm. “Asgard fought many wars under Odin’s rule and Odin sent Thor to fight to punish me. If he had been there when I got married I suppose he would have pried deep enough to know. Frigga didn’t know either, but I think she chose not to know.”
Everyone stared at Thor then at Loki and back at Thor. “I’m sorry you want what,” Tony demanded, “you want us to allow the guy who tried to take over our planet, destroyed New York, and attack us into our home.”
Loki froze the cup ice crinkling over it until it was a frozen cube. “Thor did not know,” he stated.
“I can’t do that Lo,” Natasha explained and smiled fondly before turning her attention back to her task, “now Sam, food!”
Wanda smiled and sat across from him. “Eat whatever you want” he offered “I tend to grab whatever looks good.”
Sam finally reached out and took Loki back before his mind could slip to some place else. Tony cracked a horrible joke that made Pepper hit him upside the head but everyone sighed with relief as the tension broke.
A flash of red and blue yanked Steve out of his thoughts. He turned his head and saw a- person? Swinging around and doing flips.
“Well, the state doesn’t know that,” Peter answered continuing his spinning, “but he’s going to get bored, and with the weddings coming up everyone is going to get busy and do you remember how he tried to bake a cake for Christmas and set fire to the third kitchen instead?”
Sam was beside him in an instant and Loki reached for him. Loki’s breath came in ragged pants and Sam helped him breathe through it. “Are you done,” Sam asked.
Steve and Tony started to share tentative kisses and Steve started to get more flirty, more open to Tony. It drove him crazy. Neither of them were sure where the relationship was going and they were keeping it on the down low while they were, but for them, it was enough.
“My mother found out that I had a kid in my house and Loki said he shifted so not to alarm her and that was the form his magic chose.”
The reporter did a double take. “Don’t drink Clint’s coffee. It’s poisonous,” Rhodey explained to her.
“I don’t understand,” Loki admitted, “neither frost giants nor Asgardians look likes elves. And I don’t understand what Lord of Rings you are talking about.”
By Friday Steve had just grabbed his bed and plopped it into Bucky’s room and Bucky followed him with Steve’s dresser and that was that. Sam moved into Steve’s old room a while later.
Natasha watched them cook together and kept reading. Natasha, Sam, and Loki say down and had breakfast together. Sam heard Bucky yell as they finished and Loki looked towards the window. “That’s just Steve and Bucky getting ready for their morning run,” Sam explained.
Loki roused himself from sleep at eight and stretched out. He showered and got dressed and went into the kitchen. Natasha was sitting over a pot of coffee with a hairbrush by her side. Loki obediently sat down and let her play with his hair. Then he braided hers in return.
Steve smiled looking like a golden retriever. Peter got that from him. “That’s enough heavy for one night,” Steve decided, “tell me how you’re going to add a heater to Peter’s suit.”
And so Loki talked and Thor listened. Neither moved until Loki had finished. Thor cried. He sobbed. Thor had never been the smartest Asgardian, but he had amazing empathy. “I was stolen from my first family and kept apart from my second. I will stay with this one,” Loki finished.
He planted himself by my side and said he supposed we both had something to prove. I didn’t really think much of it at first, but generally, I try to be pretty chill, so I brushed it off. It was weird as hell though, at first. And we talked, and it wasn’t long before I realized he was flirting with me and every other guy. It was pretty ballsy. During that time it was still not entirely legal for an openly gay guy to serve. But Rylie was the best shot out of everyone there including the guys in charge, and he’d have had the fastest time for running, by a mile,  if I wasn’t there, and everything else we matched for. That night he stood up on a table announced in the most disruptive way possible that he was gay as fuck and anyone who had a problem with that had tonight to deal with him and if he was still here by the morning he wasn’t going to deal with anyone’s shit.
It was true that Tony was a shameless flirt. He loved doing it and seeing the blush it gave people. He also loves flirting with homophobic straight guys to freak them out.
Steve had started to learn Russian after he meet Natasha but increased his study once he first saw Bucky.
Peter screamed bolting up-right and waving his hands frantically. Pepper in the background smile and the camera shook before the video stopped.
They walked into a small kitchen. “This is the quick kitchen,” Tony answered, “there’s a bigger one for family meals, but that’s not always necessary.”
More clanging and yelling and suddenly Loki was on the ground and hands were on him. “Get the hell out Strange!”
Years of pressure and fear zapped out of Sam and he started crying again, shaking and unable to stop. As painful as this was, it was release and relief. It was something he needed.
Tony hadn’t expected Bucky to feel guilty over it. He had figured that those problems had gotten worked out. After all, Hydra has used him as a weapon. It had taken Tony a while to get to the same point, but that was besides what he was talking about.
Thor leaving Loki with them hadn’t made a lot of sense until now. Loki was a child. No wonder Thor had wanted to leave his kid brother somewhere safe.
He stepped in front of his wife and children. “Loki crawl to the foot of my throne,” Odin demanded walking in.
Bucky raised an eyebrow at Tony and then nipped Steve’s ear. Steve let out a delightful yip. Tony felt a little bit more than uncomfortable it was one thing to imagen Cap making those sounds or looking so squirmish and seeing it. He had never thought of Steve as a bottom, but it seemed like Bucky brought something out in hi. It was very attractive. “Bucky,” Steve exclaimed, “knock it off.”
His mind whirled trying to figure out how to get the credits to transfer when they got home. And yes their home was with him, he realized. He could see that all over Wanda’s face. “Psychology,” she answered, “I want to help people like Sam does.”
Loki hadn’t moved since the two came in but at Peter’s distress he spoke up. “Do not fear what Temptors know. It only means you are apart of them.”
She kept pulling, Not hard just enough to make Loki follow her. “You kind of look like an elf, but the Lord of The Rings kind,” Darcy continued,
Sam felt a tremor go down his spine. Loki was not evil, he was not bad in any way, but Bruce was right. He was deviant. He needed mischief, even if he didn’t intend to cause harm. Sam wasn’t sure if that had been Loki’s true nature or the survival instincts that Loki adopted to save himself. Sam did know that if Loki didn’t have enough attention or stimuli things did not end well.
Bucky’s hands flew across his keyboard and suddenly pictures of goats showed up. “Goats,” he exclaimed happily.
Steve laughed. “Asshole,” Bucky muttered and sighed, “I remember having sex with dames,” he admitted after a while, “I remember you doing that as well, but I didn’t like it. Like eating stale chips. Sure you can do it, but you don’t really want to.”
As Angrboda pointed the man disintegrated with a scream. The generals looked both unimpressed and terrified. “Odin should put a better leash on his pet,” one of them muttered.
Bucky pointed to Tony Stark’s form walking down the street. “Shit,” he yelled, “what are we going to do?”
Tony went and sat down. “Alright, so this might sound complicated. Pepper and I are non-monogamous. We’re engaged but we can also date people outside of our relationship with each other. She’s been dating Rhodey for five years now. It’s pretty usual for me to only be in a relationship with Pepper, but Steve and I were dancing around a relationship when he accords happened.”
Loki nodded. “Witches, Mages, Warlocks, Wizards, tempters, and sorcerer, and a few other smaller practices. Witches, tempters. And sorcerers are the oldest. Most sorcerers have no natural talent or magic but achieve their power through study.  However, the ones who have natural talent can enchant objects and create new devices and adjust the spells that they use. It’s closer to science than any other.”
Tony waved her off. “Nah. Underoos has his first sleepover at my house so I’m heading back immediately.”
It did not matter. Loki copied their plates. People liked it better when you copied them. They felt more at ease that way. Wanda waved him over to the corner where she sat with Vision so Loki obliqued and joined her. “Hey Loki,” Wanda greeted.
Tony made a grunting noise. “Well now, what are you supposed to do for your honeymoon if you've already done the European tour?”
Peter talked non stop throughout dinner. And they discuss thanksgiving plans. Peter was excited because Tony is taking him and May out of town for Thanksgiving. Wanda is going with the Barton Gang to Barton’s in laws. Rhodey is volunteering at the VA and hanging out with friends from the Air Force. Natasha was still gone, but if she came back Sam imagined that she would follow Clint and if not Clint then Bucky. Whatever she felt like. Darcy and Jane were going to go find Dr. Selvig, and Bruce was following Tony. So that left Sam and Loki, and Sam usually went home, always went home when he could. But he had been planning on just making a small meal with Loki and watching the Christmas movies that would be starting to play. But now he had the option of going home and taking Loki with him. Ugh.
Sam knew there was nothing he could say so he didn’t say anything to that. “Alright, we’ll go,” he agreed, “if that’s what you want and what you’re comfortable with, but if anything changes you have to let me know.”
“Something about how she doesn’t want to be queen or something,” Bucky answered the previous question, “goddamn straight people can’t get their ducking act together.”
Despite that Tony was amazed at how much they were doing. How they had found ways to help without fighting villains. If Peter heard all this he would love it. Actually, he wouldn’t shut up about it. Bucky lead him down the steps to a small cozy cafè. It was designed like a cabin with a fire roasting in a fireplace and everything. Teens and tweens were snuggled up next to each other happily, with buttons on their shirts saying things like “ask me about my pronouns!” Or “I’m a girl!” And even “I’m Death” and they all wore colored wristbands. On the far wall, Tony could see what each color meant.
Loki looked at the black man. Sam. He said his name was Sam Wilson. Loki looked at Sam. He was radiating nervous energy and confusion. Not like Bruce did. No Sam looked like he was about to defuse a bomb. Well, Loki supposed he was a bomb. He could kill him. He could kill him with a flick of his wrist. Except the spell prevented him from hurting anything here. From using his magic to teleport. And Thor had the spell adjusted so was trapped here. He couldn’t take anyone hostage to escape because that would hurt them.
Tony shut the book with a soft clap. “Odin was a warrior king,” Loki muttered against Sam’s chest, “a daughter did not satisfy him and when she grew beyond his power he tried to destroy her. Thor was born after as Asgard went to war against the Jotun. He would not make the same mistake with his son. But our mother Frigga while loving was a fiery woman. Odin feared what she would do if he harmed her beloved son. But he needed another warrior king, so he took from the Jotun what Frigga could not give him. Odin raised a frost giant as his son.
And no one was surprised when Mj and Ned showed up after school the day Pepper and Tony got back with Peter’s missing work.
“Oh leave him alone,” Natasha ordered, “you don’t want to make him hate us again. Or worse inflate his ego.”
Loki sunk to his knees and began to crawl. Angrboda placed her hands over the eyes of her son and sobbed. Odin sat and grabbed Loki by his hair smacking his head against the side of the throne. “Marriage has tamed you Loki,” Odin purred, “usually you make me repeat myself. You don’t mind keeping Thor in the front lines for another twenty years for your selfishness, but your wife and children, you easily compile.”
“That is not proper English,” Loki noted and looked at the time, it was the earlier part of the evening.
Clint hummed his agreement, “but it’s kind of driving everyone nuts trying to figure out who you mean when you ask for your dad, so you’re gonna have to call one of us something different.”
Loki did not bother to respond. Thor sighed said goodbye to the people in the room and walked out the door. “Hey Bruce,” Natasha greeted.
Sam finished chewing his green beans. “I work to help veterans get their lives on track when they get home from war,” he answered.
Tony looked up from Peter’s suit and gave Steve the once over. Then he leaned back and whistled. “Damn you look fine. U! Make sure you get a shot of Cap’s ass. The World really should thank me for this.”
When Loki finished Sam maneuvered then so they were sitting. Loki was tense and shaking, but he seemed starved for gentle touch. So Sam gave it to him.
Steve gasped softly when the pen made its first line. After that, the only sound was the tv and light breathing.
By the time they reached pop and break dancing it was time for lunch so Sam paused the tv and the three of them headed back to the kitchen.
“Might want to hear the story before you apologize, buddy,” Darcy exclaimed patting the demigod’s shoulder, “let’s go to the Ranch House.”
Suddenly Brunnhilde’s comment made sense. Sam set the hot chocolate down in front of all of them and took his seat. “I think I do not have a proper understanding of what happened,” Loki admitted after a long sip, “and I should have known this. Thor is a horrible liar. But I don’t understand what did happen.”
Bucky and Steve laughed while Peter blushed and stuttered. “Hi,” Peter gulped he looked at Bucky’s arm. “Hey, that’s not the same arm I saw earlier! Which was really cool by the way. What’s this one made of, who made it? It looks like the vibruanim from Cap’s shield. It has to be biocompatible right? What technique is used to connect the nerves?”
Sam looked around. Yeah, it was kind of empty. As much as he loved and needed space and how he never considered himself alone, Tony had definitely built the house in mind of additions to the family. He shrugged.
She walked into the room her phone pressed against her ear and she watched Rhodey and Clint shoving each other in the kitchen. She snorted. “What. No sorry, I wasn’t laughing at you,” she chatted, “my Dads are just being goofballs. Yeah, I’ll talk to you later. Night!”
Tony seemed frozen “I’m so sorry. Is this because I keep calling you Mr. Stark I promise I keep trying to call you Tony, but old habits die hard, but I really am trying to break them. I practice all the time I swear. Like yesterday in Spanish class I was practicing in my head and then my teacher called on me and I just yelled Tony! And everyone laughed which was embarrassing, but it made them laugh so there’s that at least.”
Lilia looked over at Steve who nodded. She raced off. “In my defense, you never asked to see any of it,” Steve answered.
Bucky poked Natasha’s side with inpatients, “show me Twitter so Steve can act old and share his photos, that no one wants to see, with Sam and Tony.”
Peter didn’t say anything but obediently climbing into the golf cart next to her, Sam got in behind them. “Clint is meeting us,” Natasha announced.
Wanda woke up for the second time in her new room. Her bed was cold, but Vis was laying beside her. He didn’t sleep, but he liked to do boyfriend things like cuddle in the morning. “Good morning Wanda,” he greeted.
But Wanda said nothing and let Pepper chatter. Pepper was a lovely person. Her strength was firm but quiet. Wanda loved that. “Congratulations on your engagement,” Wanda told her.
“Witches react to everything around them. They feel the nature and react to the world around them. They deal in spells and the way people react with their environment. It’s different for each switch and the strong ones tend to move around a lot to gain power from new places.”
The interviewer smiled like he didn’t quite believe him. “So we heard a very interesting conversation early before we started,” he hedged.
“Get him to leave it,” Sarah sighed dramatically, “the only thing harder to get him away from is the Church.”
Loki rested his chin on Sam’s shoulder and Sam felt almost giddy despite the stress. The fact that Loki felt like he could touch Sam proved that Loki was making progress. Could Loki leave the Neighborhood? They would have to test it. “Lo and I will talk about coming down for the day, and if we come we’ll take one of the quinjets. I’m sorry Mom.”
Sam blew out a deep breath. “So do I,” he agreed, but he wasn’t sure what he worried about the most.
Wanda sighed and listened to Tony ramble taking in her surroundings as he lead the way to the house. It was beautiful. “Hey Tony why are we not in New York,” she asked.
Steve caught his arm before he could get very far and pulled him back into the kiss. It was Tony’s turn to gasp. However, Steve was a really good kisser and Tony found himself captivated. Ha CAPtivated.
By the time everything settled down again from the chaos Wanda had accidentally created, it was time for Steve and Bucky to come home. Tony, like always was a well put together mess. Sadly no one was fooled like they use to be. Peter texted him all morning before he got caught up in school. Laura invited him over to her house in the morning to hang out with the kids. Despite his nerves, Tony couldn't say no to that offer. So he spent the morning with little Nathaniel on his lap trying to divide his attention between Cooper and Lila who both wanted attention from their Uncle Tony. While it warmed his heart he was glad he only had one kid at the moment. How were you suppose to give them equal attention? After lunch, Tony headed out to the airfield and tried not to panic as he waited.
Tony gapped behind his back at where Bucky must have gone off to and then went into his plane. On the plane ride back to New York he got the best sleep he had in a year. Peter greeted him on top of the tower. He jumped off the hammock and ran over. “Dad,” he exclaimed, “omg you would not believe what happened like an hour ago. It was so cool!”
She hung up on him and turned to the two women sitting by. “Good morning Miss. Romanoff, Dr. Cho. I’m Mj and this is Ned, we’re Peter’s friends.”
“Oh this one is bad,” Clint exclaimed, “I hate it when you picked up a pretty little thing from a bar for a quick fuck and she gets angry when you demand ‘Present that pretty little ass you fucking cock slut-”
He shook Bruce’s hand. “Stevie! Are they in here? It's so convenient that they forgot to mention Girl Scout Cookies are still around.”
He sat on the edge of the bed and watched them play. Loki lost the first game much to his displeasure and delight. Eventually, they went from board game to board game with family members rotating in and out trying to get to know Lo, and Sam appreciated it.
“I am Loki of Asgard. And I am burdened with glorious purpose,” a sob escaped Loki’s lips, “and I am the whore of Asgard.”
Steve watched him leave and then followed him into their bedroom laying beside the other super soldier on his bed. “It doesn’t,” he agreed as Bucky’s breath drifted off into sleep.
Tony watched Bucky ramble distractedly. Honestly Tony would be rambling to if he could get a word in. “Ricky!”
Being cold sucked. Steve could still remember how the water of the Arctic froze every bone in his body. He couldn’t take cold showers anymore and he had five space heaters in the winter to keep warm.
“Well you can just send him over anyway,” Tony informed her, “it’s not like people don’t live there. I’ll have F.R.I.D.A.Y shut down the lab until I get back so he can’t get in trouble.”
One day he was in bed with Bucky getting ready to attempt at going to sleep when Bucky pokes his head from the bathroom door wet hair bouncing in front of his face. “What do you want to do for our anniversary?”
If it had just been Steve Sam would have shut the door on him. “Hey Sam,” Steve greeted in a voice that said he was righteously angry, “Bucky and I are going out with Clint and Wanda for ice cream. Do you want to join, Lo?”
With that Scott grabbed the bottle and went back to work. “Ladies, gentlemen, and nonbinary pals were are about to start our Tony Stark look-alike contest,” Natasha’s voice carried over the speakers, “so can I have all my Starks bring it to the stage?”
Loki went back to reading until Bucky drew his attention again. “Alright let's look at this mess huh,” Bucky suggested.
Steve laughed. “Bucky and I we always wanted to attend college so we’ll be looking for one where my credits transferred over.”
Steve’s eyebrows raised. “First of all, I had nothing to do with it,” Tony announced, “from what I’ve gathered is that Rhodey and Sam did this behind our back and we are the only ones not involved.”
Peter sputtered. “Uh? Well...uh? I mean I have pepper spray now? And I haven't broken my thumb punching anyone lately.”
Loki shuttered and shoved the memory away. But the feelings still lingered. Earth’s stars shined down at him. All of that had happened up in the galaxy. He was on Earth, and while the people he was with were flawed they were supposed to be
“I believe I am the one who caused this,” she answered. “Thor did not wish to marry a witch and Odin made you marry me instead. You're too young for this.”
Loki searched his magic to see if he could do anything with it. Anything. The cookies were in the air but he couldn’t direct them, he couldn’t create illusions. Damn Thor!
She pulled them into a hug and Sam kissed the top of her head. “Ah,” she exclaimed, “well come in! Come in. We’ve been waiting!”
Confusion and horrification were deep in Thor’s face. “That can’t be true,” Thor stated, “our father and Loki never saw eye to eye, but-“
“Tired,” Clint yawned, “if Cap is going to schedule an interview this early he should have the decency to be here.”
Bucky thanked whatever god was out there that Steve had not been present to hear that. His metal arm would have been crushed again. “He what,” Sam exclaimed, “Peps if you don’t start to buy him parenting books I will.”
“Me either,” Sam agreed, “but basically the government here is pretty shitty and everyone wants the record that I married Rylie to be available to the public so we’re going to fight them.”
He leaned around the other man to place a kiss on his lips. Steve leaned into the kiss and Bucky pulled away ruffling the other man’s hair. Steve made a whining sound and reached for the coffee before Bucky disappeared.
And life was kind of easier after that except in all the ways it wasn’t. Because Clint had come and she was less alone and Peter freaked out and Clint had video calls to his family and wife and before Wanda knew it she was helping Laura unpack her new kitchen watching Clint’s kids who didn’t seem to mind Wanda at all, and Wanda kept watching reality tv with Rhodey and he came with Happy to pick her up from college and the three of them had Dairy Queen after and it was good.
Wanda waved goodbye to Peter and followed Pepper down the hall. Pepper paused waiting for an answer. “Once,” she answered, “but not for very long.”
Tony felt his whole face go red. He flicked the pen at them. It bounced off Steve’s chest like he had no idea like it had hit him. Who knew two super soldiers and a pararescuer could be such dicks?
She shrugged then turned her attention back to Peter. The next morning Rhodey was laying on an examination table while Shuri did things that Tony didn’t understand, for once. Wanda was sitting in the waiting room with Pepper and Peter. Tony was sitting in the room with them listening to the easy banter they had going. Shuri closed her windows. “The surgery should take fourteen hours,” Shuri announced, “and I’ll need a medical team. I can fly my team which will take another day, or I’ve heard that you work with Helen Cho and her team of specialist. They would also suit my needs. I need a day to explain and prep the procedure. Then I will meet with you Colonel Rhodes and explain to you what will happen if you agree to the procedure. With how long your condition has been stabilized your recovery should take about two months.”
There was so much to say. So instead he took Tony’s phone from his hand and had the video saved to the group Peter Parker Awh Moments file.
For all their bickering Steve adored Furry, and Tony always muttered that Furry was an annoying Grandpa. Which meant that Tony would die for him. And really Nick had raised Clint out of his late teenager years and got Natasha through her twenties when she joined them. Bruce liked Furry because they were both well traveled and at core they both had the same kind of anger issues. Darcy called Fury “Colson’s Pirate”. After Coulson had died, Nick found that Darcy and Jane shared some of his grief. Bucky liked Fury because he couldn’t kill him and while he had put Steve in danger he’d also kept him out of it, but they had meet as the Winter Soldier and not Bucky so that was new.
Pepper’s face both hardened and softened and Bucky immediately understood why Natalia loved this women. “Peter’s Aunt is his legal guardian and while I’m sure by now everyone loves Peter no one is actually getting custody of him. What has happened was a series of unfortunate events caused by long-standing trauma and tension. There is fault to blame on all sides and I will say my piece proper once you all come home. Until then,” she smiled sweetly and Bucky really understood why Natalia loved her, “I still consider Steve my friend and I would hope he does the same.”
Bucky lifted his eyebrows in his clear, ‘I can’t believe how stupid you are look.’ “Yeah we did, and it was a date.”
The reporter asked Sam and Rhodey questions about the process and the new accords before asking Wanda about some of the specific clauses about training and age of Avenging and things like that. Which she answered easily. Tony had had a mini session about how to handle the press with her. “So it’s pretty common knowledge that you are attending a public college,” the interviewer stated, “what do you plan to do with your degree?”
“We’ll send over the stats when we get them as training videos,” Rhodey answered, “you can tell Steve Natasha got her hands on them.”
The surprising thing came when a girl stormed into the room. She had a hard face and bushy black hair and she was dragging a boy behind her who looked terrified but resigned. The girl assessed both Natasha and Cho and nodded her head putting her bag down beside the bed and walking over to the hologram screen.
Sam got up and stretched following the pair out of the room. Jane and Darcy had left leaving only, books, clothes, and other things as proof of their presence. “You do really like green right,” Sam asked.
Dr. Strange sneered “I’d hardly called the would-be concour of New York harmless. You underestimate his power. Just because he acts frail and defenseless does not mean that he is.”
Loki returns the kiss before slipping back into the car. “Let’s stop at the McDonalds drive-through,” Wanda suggested to Sam, “I’ve been telling Loki about iced coffee for ages now.”
Despite his apologetic tone he was smiling and the keys kept flying through the air, even as he kissed the other super Soldier. “Anyways I walked them home and then I made my way back.”
Sam took the jewelry box out of his bag. “You're not getting married,” she stated as she noticed it.
“Tell me who hasn’t adopted you after they saw you slightly disgruntled from a nap wearing a sweater and a man bun and I’ll shot them,” Sam declared from the doorway.
Sam brought Loki back to his room and went back to the meeting room. They all looked pale. “Do you believe me now?”
Tony wanted to say he had never hated them, but inside his rage and depression and hopelessness, he had.
They were silent for a really long time. “You’re bisexual right,” Bucky inquired after about an hour of silence and lying on the ground.
Loki shrugged and made sure his magical walls were still intact. “Someone might want to catch her,” he suggested as Wanda magic started to snap out of him.
Gideon had followed their father’s path and had become a minister, and Sam had followed the path to the Air Force. It had worked, even though originally they had both wanted to do the opposite.
Loki climbed in beside him and winced. “My magic has a mind of its own. If it feels neglected it will entertain itself.”
Yes, Steve was still looking for Bucky. “No,” Steve admitted and didn’t correct him about the boyfriend thing because it was kind of true, “he was long gone before we got there.”
“I dunno some mathematics classes, but he’s taking a lot of those social justice classes or whatever they’re called,” Bucky answered.
Loki walked over to the mirror in Sam’s bathroom and looked at his face. He turned back and smiled. “I look like you,” he noted his tone almost giddy.
To Bucky's pleasure, the kitchen was stocked. The freezer had like fifteen brands of popsicles which freaked Bucky out a little, but at least Tony had a sense of humor. He got a glass of milk picked up the shield and brought it into the bedroom. “Buck,” Steve muttered his eyes starting to flutter open.
She pulled Jane out. Sam started to get the food ready. Loki and Natasha walked in a few minutes later. Natasha set a small book bag on the kitchen table, her hair braided back intricately. Loki’s hair was braided as well. It was very serene. Loki sat in a chair which Sam figured was some kind of progress. Loki’s eyes danced between the two Avengers for a split second, Sam didn’t show a reaction and kept cooking, then Loki pulled a book out of the bag and settled in.
Lilia giggled. Steve felt blindsided over how well Tony was with her. Before, when he had seen Tony interact with kids Tony had been panicked and insecure. This was a nice change and very attractive in Steve's opinion. “Hey Lilia do you remember my friend Ice Man,” Tony asked glancing over at Steve.
She made a give me motion and Sam obediently handed then over immediantly wanting them back. “Which one is his ring,” she asked.
And like all things Wanda’s not sure how to answer at first, but she nods. “Sure,” she agreed wiping away the tears.
Sam didn’t hide his frown. “His country was invaded just after he was born,” Sam answered, “and he was kidnapped and raised by the forgiven power, but they acted as if he was more a piece of jewelry than an actual person. His home went through an uprising and part of his adopted family brought him to us while they sort out their countries affairs.”
Sam ruffled Loki’s hair who let out a small yelp. “Well, you’ll have to decide that for yourself,” he told him.
Ah, so he was worried about how Bucky would feel being here. Of course, the Punk was. “It’s going to work out Stevie, and you're not going to just back out. This is your family, my family, now" Bucky assured him.
Sam choked on his breath before he continued. “Bruce removed the bullets. Strange cracked your skull. When he dropped you. So he fixed that up as well, that's probably why it took you so long to wake up.”
He hugged Tony and then proceeded to bounce up and down. “So Mom and I were having breakfast right? And then F.R.I.D.A.Y says that Natasha is calling and then Mom just squealed which was amazing, by the way, and ran into the living room so she could take the call on the big tv and they talked for like fifteen minutes and when they were saying goodbye Black Widow the literal Black Widow made direct eye contact me and said Good Bye Baby Spider. Like I feel like I should be offended, but I’m not. I’m just so excited! Like she could punch me in the face and I would say thank you.”
“Thor and many Asgardian believe that it is a science above comprehension,” Loki stated, “but it is neither a science nor beyond comprehension.”
Do you remember that night when you first kissed me? I don’t really think you do and I wish more than anything I could forget it. I told you what I would do for Bucky what I had done, and that didn’t seem to cross your mind. If Pepper was torture for seventy years then framed for a crime she didn’t commit and have a death squad sent after her you would have done the same fucking thing I did.
Maybe Thor had known what Odin had done. Maybe he acted like he didn’t so Loki would have a reason to stay in Asgard. Well, Loki didn’t want anything to do with Thor anymore.
“We’ll have Avengers thanksgiving the week before so Loki can have some practice and everyone can go see their families on the actual day,” Steve decided.
Tony dragged himself to his feet and slumped against Rhodey. Rhodey laughed. “I should be the emotional one right now.”
“I’m making a very large anonymous donation to Midtown High,” Tony answered, “if that kid and any of his classmates are that smart than they deserve the best equipment money can buy.”
Loki blinked. What? Natasha finished wrapping the hair band and kissed the top of his head, “he’s talking to you, Dear,” she announced with a laugh.
“Well, uh. You didn’t know, and I thought that now you did know you wouldn’t want to be with me. If you thought we were just friends then you probably wanted to stay that way.”
Wanda never meet Fury, neither had Vision, or Peter, and Sam had only meet the man a handful of times, but he knew better than to disrespect him because of that.
“They’ve changed a lot since Bucky and I were born,” Steve stated, “remind me to show you a silent picture.”
Loki woke up the next afternoon his gaze focusing on Sam and Natasha sitting beside his bedside leaning against each other in quiet sleep. It immediately calmed him. He owed a lot to them. For this peace and safety, they had given them in their few mortal months. The love they had poured into his heart. It made Loki want to sob. It often made him feel sick and dirty to have such people willing to fight for him both against other people and for his state of mind.
Steve and Loki sat in the sunroom. Steve drew and Loki read. Not a big surprise. Steve wasn’t entirely gung-ho, but he trusted Sam and Bucky. Besides he was starting to warm up to the other man and was catching on to what Sam had been seeing. Bucky still wasn’t leaving their house. Some things about guilt and what not.
Sam sighed. “Normally I wouldn’t push,” Sam stated as Natasha sat on Loki’s other side, “but you literally told Natasha and I that you are biologically a pescatarian and that being forced to eat meat in Asgard hurt your development.”
Scott rubbed the back of his neck. “Sorry. My boss doesn’t like that information to get out and he definitely doesn’t want a Stark to get it and I’m pretty sure you are the Stark/ Potts heir so I can’t say anything.”
Sam sucked in a deep breath. And suddenly Loki couldn’t stop talking. “Hel, Jörmungandr, and Fenrir were birthed by my first wife Angrboda. Heimdall saw my children raising above Odin and killing him so he banished them all to the land of the dead. Where they spend eternity suffering, but unable to die since they were sent there alive. My second wife, Sigyn, gave birth to the twins Nari and Váli. Odin forced Nari and Váli to fight to the death and they killed themselves rather than kill each other. Odin in a rage killed Sigyn. Then he bounded their intestines together and whipped me with it.”
Here’s the thing. Typically Peter is an extremely rambunctiously healthy kid. Except for one random point during the year where he got terribly and violently sick. Like, let’s have some fucked up hallucinations sick. Aunt May could barely handle those times. But the Spider Bite made Peter’s metabolism increase and have him a bit of a healing factor right? So he wasn’t going to get sick like that anymore so May never told Tony about this, and therefore Natasha didn’t know and she hadn’t gone through Peter’s medical records until F.R.I.D.A.Y woke her up at three in the morning and announced that Peter was running a high fever and was sick.
Steve smiled. “Twins actually,” he answered, “they’re sixteen. It’s been hard on them, but we are moving forward.”
Thor grabbed the book and tossed it into the fire. Loki jerked. What was that supposed to mean? Thor came to a stop in front of Loki again collapsing to his knees. “Brother. You must forgive me. I never knew,” he exclaimed tears leaking down his cheeks, “I never thought. If I had I would have stopped it. I swear it. I’m sorry. Loki you are free. Never again. I swear it.”
“Yeah yeah yeah,” the second exclaimed, “and our arms are stamped with the club symbol so that everyone knows where we just came from and who’ll come looking for us if they don’t get the proper we’re safe text.”
Loki watched the bulky men leave the room. Whatever. Whatever. Whatever. He wasn’t going to cry and beg Thor not to abandon him again. He wasn’t. Because Thor always did this. Promised to stay with him and work on their relationship before he ran off again. Leaving Loki alone and at their Father’s mercy.
He watched Tony stare at Spider-Man’s webbing. “Check the internet Cap or the group chat Clint sent a whole article link.”
Lilia ran off again and Wanda stared at the picture. Laura still looked worried clasping Wanda’s hand in her own and Wanda pulled herself together.
Bucky just grinned wider. “And since I know the house is a bit small I made sure to get you a big kitchen,” he answered pulling out a bird feeder.
Pepper greeted her with a warm smile and Wanda sank into a seat. She listened to Tony and Rhodey chatter. After eating half of the cookie dough Wanda fell asleep. It was the best sleep she had gotten in months.
“No,” Bucky growled getting out of bed and grabbed Tony before picking him up and throwing him into the bed next to Steve.
Wanda jerked her arm away taking a few steps back and looking at the man who addressed her. “I’m Professor Rodger Mull and I was hoping you could help me.”
Tony huffed and thrust out his spatula. “I am your father and I will not have this kind of blasphemy in this house young man!”
And the second day was great too. Natasha made pancakes and they ate together which was really cool and she sung softly in Russian as she cooked. They watched good morning America together which Peter didn’t really understand why that was so interesting, but afterward, she let him show her the Star Wars tv series of Cartoon Network which was awesome. And Natasha was awesome so who cares.
Loki kept his eyes downcast as he felt Thor approach. The larger man knelt beside him and gently tugged his chin up so they were eye to eye. “Brother what is the meaning of this,” Thor asked his voice soft.
He always said he would come back, but then it was fifty years later when he was supposed to be gone for only twenty-five. Thor kisses the top of his head. “I love you brother.”
And what did it matter anyway? Thor betrayed him, put him in this situation. Their mother was dead. Loki had nothing else to live for so what did it matter?
Ok. That was not the question Steve was expecting. Bucky’s memories were still a mess. The rule was that he could ask questions but no one else could.
Loki shook but let her guide him until she was cradling him. After a few minutes of soft words and touches, Natasha announced, “I’m going to call Sam over, ok.”
Tony waved him off. “You and Wanda are in love,” he dismissed, “and you want to be near her. I know where you’ve been disappearing off to. I don’t care.”
Steve was eating a hot dog in front of the Captain America Apartment Mesum wearing a red hoodie t-shirt that said I Love Brooklyn.
Tony rolled his eyes and flopped down onto the couch. “Blasphemy,” he yelled pointing at a camera and then leveled his look at Steve, “why must you turn my children against me, Rogers?”
Peter nodded. “Sure,” he agreed, “I love pie! Well I love all food, and I kind of have a really high metabolism after the spider bite, and before I tried to hide that, because it’s not like May and I had a ton of money and she didn’t know of course,” he prattled following her into the house, “so I wasn’t really eating the best, and then Tony started to let me hang around and he noticed my eating habits even though I was still trying to hide it, but it’s all good now Dad worked out my dietary plan which helps a looot and he made this cool little energy bar things that work as great snacks because of all the calories and that helps, and they taste okay but not fantastic, right? So I eat a ton. Food I always good.”
Bruce rolled his eyes at meditation music, but he did like several pop bands from India and preferred classical music.
The cup cracked, but the coffee stayed there frozen making a soft thunk. “I want to stay,” he answered.
Que instant panic because she didn’t know what she was saying and they had no idea which one they were looking for. And it wasn’t like they could just ask. Wanda was extremely skittish and if anyone told her they would freak. So no one ever giving Wanda a straight answer until they knew who she wanted. That left Clint and Rhodey arguing about co-parenting.
“I don’t think you have grounds to decide what’s healthy,” Sam answered and Natasha shot him a glare, “I’m not worried so much about Wanda as I am about Clint and Rhodey. I think they’ll go crazy if they don’t know who she is talking to for much longer.”
Sam like, promised, had a conversation with Rhodey and Clint when Rhodey got home and after some complaint, the pair buckled down to face the problem head-on.
The plate dropped to the ground as Peter gasped. “Sometimes Tony really is a genius,” Sam announced, “plastic plates. Who knew?”
Tony huffed, “we went out on our first date three years ago, I went out with Bucky-Boo the first time two and a half years ago, and all three of us have been dating for two.”
The table was silent for a heart beat and the words escaped Sam’s mouth before he could stop them. “Me too.”
Before the scepter showed up and they were all strapped down to tables. That was terrible. It was terrible because none of the others survived. All of her friends and companions died their screams in her ears still, but maybe that was her own. Because whatever they had done had been torture. The experiment had been hell.
“Tony Stark,” he snapped whipping off his glasses and pointed at her, “don’t make me call the dean.”
Scott stopped inspecting the bottle. “What? No! I’m pretty sure Steve’s in love with you though I’m not sure how that works when he’s dating Bucky, but that’s beside the point. My boss made my suit.”
The next scene was in a different palace and a different throne. Odin was standing at the bottom of the steps. Loki in elegant wear but muzzled and chained. Odin removed the muzzle. Loki’s eyes were dark purple hanging under them and he looked starved. “Who are you.”
Loki raised an eyebrow at him seemingly unimpressed. “Look at you happy that a murder isn’t acting mute.”
Steve wasn’t really sure how to handle this type of thing. Especially with Tony. “Sam and I aren’t dating,” he reminded Tony which Tony waved off, “but yeah he’s good. The apartment is nice. Thanks for helping him find it.”
He’s an alien who’s over a thousand years old, and has one of the most fucked up past in history. He kind of destroyed New York a little, but that wasn’t his fault, and if I had a guess if it wasn’t for a bunch of really old spells that kept him under chain he would be one of the most powerful people in the galaxy.
It was a quiet place once all the strobe lights were turned off and the regular lights were dimmed. Tony watched Clint and Scott cleaning up the bar. Wanda was half asleep on the bar top her head on Bucky’s lap as he gently stroked it. “Go,” Natasha ordered.
Sam rolled his eyes and lead Natasha back to Loki’s room. Together they managed to get him ready for bed before he passed out completely.
“You’ve been quiet Tony,” the reporter noted, “how do you feel about Captain America coming back with the Winter Soldier?”
Loki’s eyes popped open. He sat straight up and saw a child with tousled brown hair. “Peter,” he asked rubbing his eyes.
Peter shrugged and flicked the plate up spinning it on his finger. “Why are you asking me about my suit?”
When it opened Tony was washing his hands. He looked over at Steve. “Are you always so overtly polite? Because I think my A.I likes you more than she likes me and that’s just not fair.”
“Thanks, Anyways our first son has really bad Asthma and we’ve been meaning to move someplace with better air, we’re going to go to Ohio with my in-laws. Now it seems like we have to get out butts in gear. This place is to small for five people.”
Daniel hit a few call buttons. Bucky and Steve leaned over his shoulder. A beautiful man in a blue sweater popped up on the screen with a husky in his lap. His eyes were red and cheeks splotched and turned his head into the husky's fur. “You saw it Baby,” Daniel asked softly.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve. “I’m going to give you hell tomorrow,” he promised as Steve wiggled his way deeper into Tony’s arms.
Sam looked up and as result, Alex nailed him in the head with a pen. Sam ignored Alex watching Loki rush into the room. “Lo,” he exclaimed and couldn’t stop the smile from spreading onto his face and pulled him into a hug.
Sam heard Kidz bop fill the speakers in the house. Loki was having a dancing day, but he had been in the gardens minute ago. “Why are you playing Kidz Bop,” his Mom asked.
Loki felt a tear in the space of the house and felt himself pale. Wanda touched his shoulder. “What’s wrong,” she asked.
The five of them walked in. Four hours later Sam walked back out exhausted, but relieved.  He had it and it felt good. He could see Natasha was still gearing up to fight, but he was done for now. Sam was ready to go home, see his kid, and go back to his regular schedule. Reporters rushed him. Bucky snarled and they all stepped back.
“Pepper please,” she requested with the same kind smile, “honestly I feel like I already know you to go with formal. Steve, when he lived with us, talked about you so much.”
Bucky was carrying purple flowers with him and Loki rushed over to look leaning forward to get a good look. Bucky laughed and guided him into the backyard. They planted the flowers and Bucky started to tell him all about Earth’s Flora.
Mj just pulled a book from out of her bag. “F.R.I.D.A.Y would you pull up our schematics please,” she requested.
She started to sob all over again. Clint brushed her hair and cooed gently. “If we had a problem with it,” Clint informed her, “we would have told you sooner. A family can’t get too big and I can’t imagine my life without you now.”
On the other hand, Shuri had developed a connection with Bucky somehow and had him wrapped around her little finger. Sure enough at her call, he came trotting out of the kitchen.
Steve let out a huff of air and shrugged. “You’ve always been that way. You enjoyed going out with them, but you always said sex with them didn’t do it for ya.”
Bucky glided his fingers over his created map showing Loki how the group dynamics worked on and off the field. “What about the Tempter Nick Fury,” Loki asked as Bucky started to finish.
The movie cued up and Loki managed to wiggle himself down to the floor breathing a little easier as the temptress curled up with Jane. Loki looked up as something poked at his cheek. Bucky shoved a million blankets and pillows onto him and Loki was swallowed in them until Sam’s dark hand pulled him back into the light. “Jeez Buck. Don’t suffocate him!”
Bruce’s voice caused Loki to flinch. Sam made a motion for everyone to be quiet. Sam didn’t think a male would make Loki feel comfortable enough to snap out of it. Nat rushed in as calmly as someone could rush.
“Not those children,” Sam corrected, “Clint adopted an enhanced teenager girl this year. Wanda is eighteen and she’s coming home tomorrow. And Tony adopted Peter whose sixteen and he’s enhanced as well, but no one is really sure how that happened.”
“If he was trying to manipulate us he would be telling sob stories. Not exhibiting selective mutism,” Rhodey argued.
The three of them talked and tried to include Loki, but he didn’t say much. Nothing more than he had to. Why did the sorcerer leave him alive?
Bucky, in fact, did not fight monsters. Nope. Not even close. He played in peaceful and ran a very successful farm and village.
Sam sat between her legs his back against the bed and she began to rub his forehead. Sam had worked out all his problems and confession in this spot for most of his life, and once he sat it became easier to collect his thoughts. Because really there was no easy way to say ‘hey Mom I got married to Rylie when we were off duty in Vermont and then he died, so yeah.’
It was silent for a good long while. Natasha and Helen ate the soup, they were hungry and Natasha supposed Mj wasn’t trying to poison them. “Hey guys,” Wanda greeted the younger teens.
Natasha started to stroke her hand through his hair gently massaging the scalp. She used to do that when they all lived together whenever she was listening to something. She liked to keep her hands busy. He stopped wearing product to her hands would come up clean.
Sam nodded. “I knew you were my favorite uncle for a reason,” she exclaimed jumping up and running over to hug him.
“The only thing that you are is amazing,” Tony answered, “what have we talked about self-deprecation?”
She couldn’t spend much time looking over the room. It was to empty. Wanda pulled a new outfit out of her duffel bag and left the room as soon as she could searching for any other human in the house.
Steve groaned and settled back on the couch next to Tony, continuing to show Tony the pictures he actually did want to see thank you very much. “Small agents,” Tony exclaimed as Clint and his family walked into the room.
Tony smiled this time. “Good,” he exclaimed, “he’s the best Steve. He comes to the tower after school, and he stays the weekends, and Pepper loves him, and Rhodey spoils him more than I do, but his driving Steve I swear it’s atrocious.”
Loki took in a deep breath. Sam wanted to offer him comfort but knew that anything he did would make the demigod lose it. “I refused. The Chitauri took me under their control with the scepter. The scepter is not true mind control. The mind stone brings forward a person’s desires and then contorts them, from there one can bend the will of the controlled to do as you command. The stone brought forward my desire to be able to control situations and to lash out,” Loki continued.
Chase took him around the apartment. It was nice, cozy. A place to start a family. Chase invited him back I got the kitchen after the tour and offered some coffee. Steve took it gratefully.
Loki looked back over at them and tears rolled down his cheeks again. “We’ll be here for you as long as you want to stay,” Natasha promised.
He grabbed the bag Steve had dropped and pulled it over his shoulder. “Sam and I will be back down in an hour to see what Steve thinks. You’re welcome to join us upstairs or you can stay here with Steve,” Bucky stated stopping next to Steve.
“Wait Wanda is coming,” Peter exclaimed, “she’s really cool! The way people treated her after that accident was so not cool. Like that bomb would have blown up the entire street and maybe made the building collapse, what did they want her to do let it go off? So anyways Ned and I made a poster that said Scarlet Witch is a hero convince me otherwise and hung it up at lunch at our table. It was awesome. At first, a couple people tried to argue but then half of the cafeteria stood behind us and even Flash didn’t try anything. So instead of an argument we all just sat around and talked about how underappreciated she is and how she barely has any merchandise.”
Nope, not going to cry. She looked absolutely terrified but Rhodey and Clint nodded. “I think we need ice cream,” Rhodey said voice choking back emotion.
Wanda took a step back. “I’m studying the effects of trauma on the brain and how electricity affects these reactions. I want to try an experiment on you.”
She playfully tugged on Loki’s braid and left. Sam managed to convince Loki to watch a dance-themed movie instead of just dance videos. After Step It Up 2 Sam yawned. “I’m going to bed,” he announced, “my room is the one down the hall,” he pointed to it, “I’ll leave the door open. Come in if you need anything.”
Loki flinched and Sam glared at Alex. “Alex why are you an idiot? I’m not dating him. I’m his guardian.”
Sam got up and marched toward the library. Like F.R.I.D.A.Y had claimed Loki was curled into a ball by a bench near the window sobbing. “Loki, I’m coming over,” Sam announced.
The doors lowered and she saw green, not the grey asphalt she was expecting. Wanda inched down out of the ramp and searched her surroundings. In front of her was a large house, not a mansion but something bigger, maybe, a ranch house. But there was another smaller house a small walk away and then again another. Where was she?
Sam was silent for a long moment taking the bird feeder in his other hand. “Thanks, Jackass,” he answered finally.
“Kid you practically live with us for half the week and May asked us to join her for your parent-teacher conferences,” Tony noted.
Eventually after the fight, Tony had calmed down and Shuri had removed the triggers out of Bucky’s head. So Tony had invited them to come back to the compound to make up and play nice. Steve wearily had accepted. After all if Tony was going to be a better person and extend a hand Steve would be foolish not to take it. So they had all moved back to the Compound. It helped that Tony wasn’t trying to kill Bucky any more.
Wanda sighed and turned into his chest nuzzling into his arms. “I missed you,” she murmured as he stroked her hair.
There had never really been a distinct date in which they were suddenly a couple when they hadn’t been beforehand. They had always been together. It had always been Steve and Bucky and they loved each other more than anything. There was no first kiss or a first date, or first time having sex to make a big deal of. They had never really kissed. Steve didn’t have any interest in that kind of thing. Bucky wasn’t particular about that either, he had gotten his satisfaction from other people and they had both been fine with that. So there was no anniversary date and they treated each day like the gift it was.
Happy glared at the gift box in Peter’s hand as they arrived at the ranch house. “I don’t think that’s going to impress her bud,” Happy informed him.
Bucky loved the internet. He had his own Tumblr account and everything. While he didn’t take pictures of anyone or if Wakanda everything else was fair game. The name for his account was NotTheWinterSoldier76 which he thought was hilarious.
Sam went out to find her. She was standing on the bottom of a fire pole. Sam rubbed the back of his neck wondering how he had forgotten. Though in his defense he never went into either part of this house anyway. “Tony has an acquired sense of humor. This way.”
Sam flinched at Loki’s words. How could Thor have been so callous? Even if he didn’t know. Wait why didn’t he know?
Loki located the hall the bathroom was down and saw Sam’s open door. Natasha said that Sam was safe. Natasha like Loki had been forced to give up her body at times. He had seen it when he had first saw her, had it confirmed by Clint. Loki believed her. Despite what past experiences had taught him. Sam was nice and kind and respected him.
Which turned out to be a terrible mistake. Wanda continuously called them her dads to everyone but them. She would walk into a room and go where’s Dad to whoever was there.
“Not the best idea,” Sam answered as Loki sat at the edge of the bed, “do you want to do anything tomorrow?”
Steve was great because he blushed so easily and he was so pretty when he blushed but he didn’t say anything back, just changed the conversation. Tony could not figure out what Roger's deal was, but it was pissing him off.
Bucky wondered how she got a hold of that news so fast as Shuri glared at him from the screen. “Well technically we’ve been engaged? We just couldn’t get married before? So I purposed again?”
Sam held in a sigh. “We’ll be there Mom,” he answered, “Lo is helping Natasha with the dishes, we’ll be heading over soon.”
Loki agreed and they spent their night eating ice cream and watching The Notebook for whatever reason.
Natasha flipped open the first page. “It’s enchanted so that who’s ever reading sees it in their most common language,” she announced.
That’s how Peter is. He doesn’t care about his life, he probably doesn’t want to die, but it doesn’t matter if he lives as long as other people are alive. I don’t care what you think of me or what I say, just listen to this. Peter is never going to stop, he can’t. Whatever you do, do not leave him by himself keep track of him, support him, tell him you have his back.
That she could do. He nodded and grabbed her below the knees and picked her up. “It’s ok,” he said as he started to walk the machines on his legs whirling softly, “you’re allowed to be upset.”
Peter jumped up and down fiddling with the settings. Bucky stood between Shuri and T’Challa and smiled. Steve nearly melted. Peter took a couple of pictures before Bucky pulled Steve into the mix.
Bucky took a picture. Steve groaned again. “Why are you on the floor. I have seats!” Tony demanded to wave an arm through the air.
“So Space Girl,” Tony turned his attention to Jane who was gently coming through a sleeping Darcy’s hair, “how long are you visiting, and honestly why?”
And your right I’m desperate and scared and I just want to keep everyone safe, but I guess I’ve been that way since I got out of that cave. And I guess I’m scared to rely on others to help me protect them after Yinsen. It always seems like when I’m left to my own devices with the help of others all I cause is death. Maybe that’s what drew me to you. The beauty of your immortality would make it impossible for you to leave me. Then you left. Part of me understood. In my heart, I knew what you were doing and why. I couldn’t accept that though. Typically people leave me because they died and you’re the first one to leave me because of choice.
Natasha picked up the plate of cookies and put it in Loki's hand. He followed her down the hall to the main parlor. “There’s my favorite Niece! Welcome home!”
“He did,” Tony agreed, “but neither of us had anything to do with that process. Sam and Rhodey went behind our backs and figured the whole thing out.”
“The book is filled with what appear to be journal entries, however, they are in languages I am not aware of.”
Rhodey hands her a few tissues and grabs one of the blankets from off her bed. He leads her to a comfortable little living room and as soon as she sits he drops the blanket on her and he sits down on the other end of the couch. It’s nice.
Loki laughed and she grinned at him. “So what do you want to do while we wait for Wanda and Vision?”
Loki seemed to appreciate bluntness over word games in regular conversation, so Sam didn't dodge around the question. Sam sat down next to him and Loki closed his book softly blinking.
Tony sat at the bar. “Well, it appears that Bucky is very passionate and Sam is inclined to try and lessen the damages,” Tony answered.
Sam had told Steve that he should spend the night but Steve had elected to walk back to the tower. Natasha was leaving for a mission in the morning and he’d like to see her off.
Tony turned off R5 and put him in the charging dock. Then he joined Pepper in the kitchen. Peter came running in as soon as the dinner touched the table. “Mom,” Peter exclaimed, “you'll never believe.”
No, Ned nearly whined but bit his tongue. Mj shrugged. No one said anything again. “Oh hey. It’s the other scary chick I know,” Clint explained walking in an hour later.
Inside, the bedroom was already a mess, a respectable mess, but a mess still the same. The bed was turned out and Loki felt sick at the idea of climbing inside it. From a door inside the bedroom, a light was on and the shower was going music loudly playing. Loki set the book on the bed, but couldn’t bring himself to get on it. Instead, he went to the center of the room and sunk to his knees fanning them out and lowering his head till his hair touched the ground artfully pooling in front of his face. He placed his hands tightly behind his back and summoned a set of chains in front of him so Thor could tie him up at his leisure. Then Loki the Whore if Asgard waited.
Fuck you. Seriously you can just fuck off. There is no way in hell you ever deserved Steve, not that I do either, but that’s another story, who did you think you were messing with.
Loki relaxed slowly and in an act that showed how touch starved he was he whined softly closing his eyes. Natasha’s eyes glinted with rage, but her tone let none of that show.
“Hey,” she answered kissing his cheek, “I made mimosas this morning. Come drink one before Clint gets his hands on them.”
Peter groaned and Loki felt his eyelids slide shut but he blinked them open again. “Steve! Rhodey! Sam!”
“I didn’t know either” Bucky answered licking his lips “but you and I are two similar kinds of fucked up.”
Of course, he did because screw Stark. “Did Stark tell you anything else?” He asked, like how I’m the one who helped make that suit for you or how I have a whole training regiment prepared for you.
It wasn’t like they had known that Hydra was Nazi’s or what they did. They just told them that they could help them kill the people that killed their parents and bombed their home, throwing their lives into chaos.
Lilia ran over with a drawing. The little artist that she was. “Uncle Tony,” she yelled climbing into his lap much to the surprise of Steve, “Oče says you're going to be weird tonight so I made you a drawing because you’re a weirdo” she announced.
She smiled at him. “That’s our friendly neighborhood Spiderman,” she informed him her eyes glittering, “he’s not your Avenger level of hero, but we all appreciate him here. He stops some robberies here and there, muggings, gang fights, but you know he rescues cats from trees and helps people across the street. A real sweetie.”
Everyone was waiting in the building including Peter who stared wide-eyed at them. The party started in full swing and Tony brought his son over. “Petey the Icesicles, Iscesiclse Peter Parker. Keep it Pg.”
That was exhausting. Wanda looked over at the tv and saw the news, which had the headline Creepy Professor Assaults Scarlet Witch: Tony Stark Demands Repercussions “If he Does this to my niece who will he not do it too?”
Peter gasped a little. “See you soon little Spider,”  Natasha cooed and hung up leaving Tony’s surprised and terrified face to fade into darkness.
Natasha chuckled, “Steve and Bucky eat like that as well. My metabolism runs a bit high for a human, but nothing on your level. Tony showed me your schematics. Steve told him that you probably had a high metabolism so Tony was watching out for it.”
because he wasn’t satisfied with lies and half-truths. Rylie would have fought this tooth and nail from the beginning and Sam had let it passively happen. And of course, his family had put every effort they could into fixing it. Because that’s what they did.
Neither Loki nor Sam slept well that night. Plagued by nightmares they ended up on the couch watching Step It Up 2 and 3. Natasha found them asleep on the couch and set herself to making breakfast.
Fury was kind about it, but the firmness was there. Ever present and undefinable. Natasha stopped playing with Loki’s hair. “Nick,” she warned in a growl.
“Anyways,” Chase said drawing Steve out of his thoughts, “the ice machine in the fridge leaks but other than that all the appliances work.”
Loki shrugged. Sam prepared for a bad day the next day, but besides a few melancholy moments they were ok. A week later before bed Sam sat on his bed staring at his and Rylie’s wedding rings and the photo of them.
Steve turned his head to the tv in front of their bed as Tony’s face appeared on the screen. “Hey Bucky Bear,” Tony greeted sitting in his workshop, “J said you wanted me.”
Loki packed away his memories one by one as he returned himself to the form that Thor had known him as. As the Asgardian Trickster. His heart hurt looking at his face. The light and laughter and fulfillment had never belonged on this face. Still, he was handsome and that had always been enough. He combed out his hair placing it just so and then he found the most desirable whorish outfit in his closet he could find. Blue with silver tracing, maybe that would please Thor. By the time Loki had fixed his appearance, he had finished packing the memories away.
He flung himself at Bruce who clung to him like he was a lifeline. “What is going on,” Tony demanded stepping back, “did you magic in here? I thought you couldn’t do that without the bifrost.”
What did he deserve to want? “When Steve got me into recovery that was a pretty hard thing for me,” Bucky announced sliding down to the floor, “some bad things happens to me and I was turned into a weapon for some very bad people,” Bucky gulped, “and I didn’t have things wanting it was beaten out of me, but then Steve and everyone else they got to helping me and taught me to recognize what I want and how to ask for it, and I know it’s not the same with what your dealing with, but I know that look and passivity might be easier, but it’s also not anything”
Steve grinned and arm still wrapped around Sam's shoulder. Bucky tossed Sam something “I got you a thing.”
“But you have your own family,” Wanda exclaimed, “and I kill my family! So I can’t join yours. I’m just a burden.”
Rhodey and Tony both liked rock, but different kinds. And they both appreciated the break from each other. Because no Tony there are greater bands than AC/DC don’t get angry at me because you are wrong.
Loki pieced the mug back together and melted the coffee. “I need to explain everything to Thor,” Loki decided, “and I missed school.”
Bucky wasn’t entirely sure how to respond to that. Tony sighed and leaned back into the wall. “And just so you know, attacking you was wrong, I don’t really blame you for my parent's death.”
Five days later Rhodey stood on his own power for the first time in a year. Everyone cried. Shuri stayed for another week. Spending the day with Bucky when Peter was at home or school until the other teen arrived. Her visit seemed to add some light into Bucky though. Tony, Sam, and Wanda all loved spending time with her through. No one could pass up a chance to spend time with the girl, and they quickly found out that if she wasn't entertained she would entertain herself. Which often involved getting into a prank war with Clint. T’Challa collected her with much fan fair. It was hard not to adore Shuri.
“Peter that’s the first time I’ve seen someone keep up with Shuri without a struggle,” Bucky answered.
“I’m not officially diagnosed you know. It's entirely speculation,” Tony declared plucking one of the contraptions out.
Bucky pulled something out of one of the bags. “I got you a new home,” he announced and handed Sam a birdhouse.
Sam’s eyes widened in surprise. Tony and Peter both made cutting off motions at him. “Well no,” Wanda corrected “Dad went to the cellar to find potatoes and then they got into an argument.”
“Wow. You really do have the little shit," Jane announced as Loki followed Tony into a living room, “and here we thought you were dead. Again.”
Loki nodded. “Two hundred years before this date I was in the service of the Chitauri. Unlike most races, Odin gave me to the Chitauri thought my mind was more beneficial to them than my body. I learned vastly in their libraries and I created business propositions and treaties for them. The Chitauri are a hungry selfish people, they drain their home world and then concur new plants to get their resources. Under my hands they were able to get these necessities without battle and when battle was necessary it was smooth, quick, and efficient.
This is why you need Steve. He crushed my arm when he saw the news. Crushed my mental arm. Shuri was pissed, but she was more pissed at you because it’s really fucking clear that you aren’t giving him the proper resources. Get your act together geez. Why do you think I got stuck with Steve. He had no idea what the fuck he was doing but kept doing it anyway. And I had to drag him out of fights. That’s what your suppose to do.
He did not wait long until the music switched off and the bathroom door clicked open, but he did not dare move a muscle. “Loki,” Thor asked.
Sam rolled his eyes and went to find Loki. “I have a question about the spells on you,” Sam stated as he found him reading at the kitchen table.
He started to thrash and Natasha immediately slid into the water pulling him into his arms and holding him still. “It hurts,” he sobbed.
Steve laughed and slid to the floor. He pulled Tony down for another kiss sliding his tongue against Tony’s lips. Tony eagerly accepted. After Steve had kissed him senses he let Tony go and Tony felt like a noodle.
Loki smiled and let Natasha drag him away. They spent the rest of the night eating pie and talking until Natasha’s fingers in Loki’s scalp lull him into sleep.
An hour passes with his chem book and he’s already bored with it. Not that chemistry is boring. Chemistry is amazing, but he’s known this chemistry for years. High school textbooks were below his level and this one was about twenty years outdated. Even with the insanely STEM-based school, the textbooks sucked. Maybe he could steal a few more interesting chem books from Tony. Peter made a mental note to look around for that.
Loki looked at the screen that had appeared and Peter stumbled into view. “Sorcery,” Loki muttered as the first video faded to black.
“Whatever Dad,” Peter exclaimed rolling his eyes and pushing off the bed with enough force to touch his fingertips to the ceiling.
Steve laughed and then cut it short as he felt Sam’s eyes on him. “Don’t look at me like that,” he whined his ears going red.
Loki looked away from him now disinterested. While Loki loved his brother he was not ready to fix their relationship. While he was glad to come clean they would one day need to talk about it. But that was not needed now. Loki needed to find himself and this was the best place to do it.
Sam choked. “And the radio was silent until I landed in safety and there was a small crack. ‘The Hawk is down and Falcon is clipped.’
Sam shrugged. “Odin abused him” he answered “other than that I’m not sure. Some really fucked up abuse.”
Loki pushed his other hand through his hair. “Is it only my presence that makes your home empty or is there another reason?”
That’s your problem, Tony. It’s not that you're arrogant, or that you don’t care. You care too much in fact but you are so caught up in your guilt and obsession you forget to listen to what others need before you decide that for them. We could have worked past not agreeing on the accords I was willing to go along with your plan and fix them later, but then you reminded me that you don’t want to listen. That you can’t.
Bucky watched Sam’s eyes widen. Shuri was supposed to keep track of all of the security footage in their apartment in case Bucky turned winter soldier or Hydra came. She was not opposed to meddling, however.
The movie credits started to roll and the Captain looked over at him and Tony leaned forward pressing this lips together. He heard Steve gasp and he started to pull back.
A minute later Tony’s camera whipped around to follow the ball past Steve and Bucky kept his on Peter who always made the best facial expressions. Peter jumped up and down doing handstands and backflips. Steve got the ball and jogged over dropping down next to Bucky who had sent Tony his video. Bucky whined and Steve sighed wiggling until he was in Bucky’s arms.
She smiled lovingly while Ned squealed. “Miss. Pepper Potts is your mom now! Omg does that mean Tony Stark is your Dad? Why didn’t you tell me!”
Sam took in a deep breath. Tony stared at the scene. Bruce walked halfway in and froze. “I’m getting Nat,” he exclaimed.
Then he ran off. The video faded into a second with the boy now clearly definable as Loki. Maybe around twelve or thirteen. He was sitting at a table of what looked to be generals. His eyes lazily roaming the room. “Daddy!”
Everyone kind of paused for a moment. “Are you sure you want to do that. What if he breaks your toaster,” Clint chuckled.
Loki stumbled to his feet and swayed. “I’m here,” Sam announced his strong hands steadying Loki, “and why are you playing along with Stark's antics?”
“Really,” Peter gasped, “that’s cool. I read all the letters that Steve apparently didn’t send and that was weird, but ok. And that was cool.”
So Steve did what any good civilian would do and followed the kid home. He noted which window the kid went through and then walked around to the front of the building. He did the math in his head to figure out which number their apartment would be in.
Wanda sighed and rubbed her wrist. “My brother he would despise what I am doing,” she laughed, “but he would be happy I found people who would care for me. In truth, Pietro was the extremist. I was the strategist the one who made sure we didn’t get caught. We only needed each other, but I think I would have convinced him to follow you if he had lived.”
Rhodey passed her a paper. “Here you get anyone that has any dirt on this guy and call this number,” he offered, “Tony likes information.”
So unbeknownst to anyone Captain America was walking down the streets of queens listening to a podcast. It was called “Stuff Mom Never Told You” that Sharon had recommended to him.
Peter watched Clint and Rhodey run around one of the small kitchen making popcorn and hot chocolate and such. Wanda had just finished her very first club meeting and apparently, both men were very excited over that. Even though they wouldn’t say it to each other. It was not the relationship Peter had been expecting.
Then a splash of orange filled the air and Dr. Strange walked in. Natasha shot him before he could so much as a breath. The bullets stopped in front of his body and fell to the floor. Sam stepped in front of Loki. “F.R.I.D.A.Y the crazy magic guy is here again,” Sam yelled, “get Tony and Wanda.”
There was a gasp from the studio. “And Steve he looks us dead in the eye and goes This One, and I swear everything made ducking sense then.”
Thor left and Sam took Loki up to his room. Loki was bedridden for a day the memories he had brought up to much for him, but he was back on his feet the day after that. He practiced ballet with Natasha and fought with Wanda over a cake recipe and Sam knew Loki would be okay.
“Sam you went from a black Christian Neighborhood straight to the army. How are you supposed to tell anyone? You’re so brave for telling me now. Your dad would be so proud.”
After I left the treaties fell apart and the Chitauri were forced to start long wars with their neighbors again. Meanwhile I worked to create a plan to keep Thor off of the Asgardian throne. When I knew my plan had worked out, that Thor was scared away from taking the throne and that he had found wisdom and mercy in his heart I let myself fall from the Bifröst. I hope that the void would bring me to death.
Rhodey is the best Uncle in the world, and Peter finds a series of framed letters in his Dad's office.
“What are you supposed to send to him,” Clint asked, “hey moron come get your sad brother. You fucked up and need to fix it.”
“Oh,” Peter mumbled he looked back at the letters, “why were you kissing Captain America when you’re engaged with Pepper?”
Natasha shrugged and Sam picked Loki up. “I’m going to start an Avenger’s Dad group chat,” Tony announced as he followed Steve and Peter out of the room.
Steve flipped the channel rolling his eyes. “Jesus,” he muttered, “it’s like two guys can’t sleep in the same bed together and be queer anymore.”
Pepper slapped his chest. “No,” Nick answered, “can’t a man visits his own family without the world having to end?”
Steve looked away from the speakers and smiled at the approaching man and rubbed his head. “How’d you know,” he asked putting on his best sheepish smile relaxing his muscles to appear more casual.
Thor’s eye twinkled in confusion but he stayed silent. “Before I get to that,” Loki pondered, “I need to tell you about my birth-”
He left and Bucky continued to show him around. After a couple of minutes, Bucky noticed that Tony looked a little overwhelmed. Bucky pulled him into a sensory chamber.
Steve groaned awake blinking his eyes open to see Tony standing in front of them. Bucky lifted his metal arm and flipped him the bird. “You’re just jealous,” he muttered and turned his head towards Steve and kissed him lazily, “I think Tony wants us to get up.”
The interviewer looked at Steve like he was terrified. Bucky chuckled taking Steve’s hand. “I use to have to beat back Steve’s male suitors. Jesus. He was so pretty when he was small and all that attitude. Like a fly trap. A real twink he was, though we use to call ‘em fairies, I don’t suppose you're really supposed to call anyone either of those anymore. It’s worse now that he’s big. Dames keep asking him out too.”
The only thing that kept her together was the fact that she was going to bring all of her family home, but she remembered the tower. How cold and empty it had been, how Vis was the only reason she hadn’t shut down and why Clint coming to get her felt like she could breathe for the first time since Pietro died. Going back to the Compound scared her, but she wouldn’t let fear control her either.
“Sam we love you and accept you but there is no way I am looking at some random guy’s dick,” Alex yelled.
Sam stormed into the room. Loki looked back at him. “It’s alright,” Loki answered, “Wanda’s magic is only seeking out the fragments of the mind stone in my head.”
Steve wasn’t really sure when they started to think of Peter as their kid, but it had happened. Probably after the first week and they stalked Facebook. It wasn’t creepy. They were just making sure they could help the masked superhero in every way possible.
Loki looked away from him. “You don’t gotta say anything about that,” Sam announced, “you just have to tell me if you want the plate you got or this one.”
Peter giggled and Wanda let out a laugh as well. Fury’s face lit up. “And my other grandkids,” Fury asked.
Strange raised an eyebrow. “Do you really think I’ve come to collect him after I  read and watching all this? Besides the spell keeps him harmless. He’s more of a danger to himself than anyone on this planet.”
Loki set his bag on the end table and started to tell Sam all about it. “Darcy and Jane and I watched scary movies last night, and Pepper took me to see the Legally Blonde musical with Peter.”
Steve offered Thor and Brunhilde a sympathetic tour of the Neighborhood while Natasha rushed back to Sam’s house. Loki was fast asleep in his bed with Sam carefully keeping watch.
“It’s been reported that Steve Rodgers, also known as Captain America, and his lifetime best friend James Buchanan Barnes, the former Winter Soldier,” the man in the tv announced, “ have made their official return to American soil sometime yesterday. Mr. Barnes has opened an official Twitter account with several postings on it and Captain Rogers first tweet is on there as well."
Natasha closed the window and made a shooting motion towards Sam. “Don’t worry Loki and I are good. Have fun.”
Loki was jolted awake by his own screams and jerks of pain. He jerked his arms up to fend against the body on top of him. Except his hands pushed against cool wood. Loki paused and opened his eyes. Where was he? Deep breath. This was Sam’s house which he lived in now. Sam wouldn’t hurt him. Loki rolled over until his head was out of the bunk and he could see the stars. Loki took in a deep breath, but his heart kept pounding. The fear was frozen in his veins. His body started to shake. “Asgard’s whore. You look so pretty for me laid out like this. Open your eyes, Honey. I want you to see this sweetheart. Want to make you feel good Baby.”
Steve was relieved as hell that Tony wasn’t angry at him. As soon as he acknowledged it, he realized that he really did like Tony still. He had just been pushing those feelings away since Bucky was back. Honestly, though this made so much sense. The way Tony and Bucky always sat really close and how Bucky called Tony Doll and Tony never got upset. How they had really intense energy when they worked out with each other at the gym. Damn.
Shooting Sam was a dick move. It was inexcusable. Rhodey is getting better. He worries about Sam a lot. He wants him to know that he didn’t everything he could, in his case and Rylie’s.
He waited impatiently but a minute later F.R.I.D.A.Y pulled up a live video feed of Peter sitting on top of a sigh watching the damage of the plane. Tony let out a sigh of relief. “Happy come to the compound and get the suit,” Tony ordered.
Bucky answered in a blue hoodie that Sam knew was Steve’s and sweatpants. “Thank you for loaning this to me,” Loki muttered holding out the blanket.
The camera turned to a small robot and Peter popped into frame next to it. Peter was jumping up and down with excitement. “Ok R5 fist bump,” Peter exclaimed holding out his fist.
“Monogamy sucks,” he answered thinking about the love his life, “she’s on a date with Rhodey Bear right now. It’s date night for them. They need each other dealing with me,” Tony rolled his eyes, “they’re a good couple, but Pep is the one I want to marry. Like our relationships outside of each other are different and we have them and it’s great and healthy and we are happy, but I would go monogamous for her if that is what she wanted."
Loki grunted when he stopped and stood there replaying it again and again. Then he did it again and again until Natasha returned. She glanced at the screen and then popped the move the same time he did. Loki smiled from ear at her. She smiled gently. “Come, look at your room,” she encouraged, “you can decorate it more later.”
Steve chuckled Tony was adorable when he was flustered. He quit recording and went to order a pizza online just to prove he could. With pizza and water, Steve and Tony sat down to watch the movie.
Tony didn’t say anything. “And of course Natalia has her self-defense classes on Saturday and Monday mornings,” Bucky prattled on, “and Steve, Clint, and Scott hold tutoring sessions after school on Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Sam has grief counseling on Sunday morning and Wanda helps him with that especially with the little kids and on Friday mornings she gets with the single parents and has a cooking class and then after that Clint and Scott hold Parent Better meetings, whatever that means.”
Loki sunk down resting his head against the pillow and listened to Sam’s breath. Soft, deep, and reassuring. “Feeling better,” Sam asked.
Wanda returned rubbing her hands off on a rag. “Yeah Steve and I enrolled at the community college here. He’s mostly taking art classes, but I think he has a few oh- Bucky what are they?”
Except, that week Pepper and Tony were out of town and then Aunt May had a family emergency in Nebraska with like a third cousin Peter had never met before, but May didn’t want him coming with. And Ned got grounded so he couldn’t stay with Ned so Peter flitted around the living room while Aunt May talked with Tony.
Everyone settled back down. Half-way through the movie, Loki fell back asleep with Sam brushing his finger through his hair. “What happened to him Sam,” Bucky asked.
Sam and Bucky relaxed. “He’s a wonderful kid,” she gushed and then be her lip, “you don’t think Steve will mind that...”
Steve felt Bucky tense and his finger dug into Steve’s hips. “Loki fought with us valiantly to save our people,” Thor announced, “and has turned away from the side of darkness to the side of light. He is a deviant god, but not an evil one. We have rekindled our relationship. I’m afraid though that Loki is well known across the galaxy, and while he has served Asgard diligently for hundreds of years as a diplomat and negotiator I am afraid he has his own share of enemies, some of which I created for him.”
She glared at him. “It’s not okay Sam,” she spat, “the government can’t just erase the parts of us they don’t like.”
“What the hell,” the man spat, “you should leave. There is no way I’m going to tolerate that Scarlet Bitch!”
Good then. He looked like he could use sleep. “Tell me if he wakes up before the morning,” he ordered.
So when she arrived Peter was excitedly bouncing around playing catch with Steve while Bucky sat around with Tony. While playing catch was a great bonding activity Peter had ridiculously strong super strength. And when he was excited he didn’t have the best control. All three men didn’t like the idea of an over excited Peter throwing a ball at Tony. So Peter was playing with Steve.
Steve and Bucky both smiled. They knew that Pepper had given this man a very long lot of things he wasn’t allowed to mention and that made it a lot less tense. “Welcome back to the country, how does it feel to be back?”
Wanda hid her disappointment. “So how does it feel to be Tony Stark’s Niece,” he asked wiggling his eyebrows.
Steve and Bucky glanced at each other. Communicating in the way everyone but Tony and Rhodey were used to. “Excited,” Steve announced after a long pause “we have so much to be grateful for and we’re ready to see where the next chapter of our lives takes us.”
“This place is entirely accessible, Scott figured out how to get a darn button and an elevator in this damn place, and he put the ramp next to the stairs as well. Clint made sure everything was set up for people who are deaf or blind or both I guess. He does an ASL class on Tuesday mornings and a Braille class on Thursday mornings and an LSF class on Wednesday afternoons,” Bucky explained.
“What’s the point of a secret identity if everyone knows it,” Peter whined, “next thing you know all the villains are going to know it too.”
Loki nodded to the temptress and she started to give him directions. “Don’t hit your head on the wall if you wish to make it to the kitchens before you pass out,” she ordered.
Tony flashed the cameras an angry smile. “They didn’t. Steve and Bucky came home yesterday. Captain America and the Winter Soldier at two competing symbols built and manufactured by two countries at war. I’m ready to get to know the Icesicles, and it’s taken a lot of therapy and talking to get to this point.”
Loki sunk to the ground in a fit of sobs his chest heaving. Thor texted Natasha. “Natasha is coming to get you,” Thor announced, “I am going to go release the bindings. I admit I do not fully understand this, but I am sorry for my part in it. When you are ready to speak with me again I will be waiting.”
When he lived with us, not like they were wanted fugitives or anything. Oh, and she was nice despite the fact that he had killed her boyfriend's parents wasn’t that great? “It is a pleasure Pepper and please call me Bucky.”
Tony stood and made his way over. “Well, you’re the one who keeps writing me love letters and telling me to come. I figured I should listen.”
By lunch the next day Loki had still not left his room. According to F.R.I.D.A.Y, he was awake. “I’m going to go bring him something to eat,” Sam announced packing up the leftovers.
Peter finally got Loki to use mid guardian technology with Darcy and Jane’s help. Jane told Peter that Loki was probably confused because Asgardian technology was much more advanced. So Sam started to receive text and calls from Loki at work. A lot of the guys teased him about having a hot date, but Sam didn’t mind. He refused to confirm it much to their disappointment, well according to them, he didn’t have a date.
“We are,” Tony answered, “I just bought so much land that I could put trees in and what not and you can’t see the city because I have holograms projecting a country vibe. Leave the property and the city shows it’s head again, but I wanted someplace to appear private.”
“Oh I’m sorry evil Germans capture you and torture you for seventy years and you think it’s your fault,” Tony yelled.
Your first letter absolutely sucked. It was cold and heartless and I hated it and I hated you. And now I read this and I can only laugh because if I don’t laugh I’ll cry. I think Pepper is going to get it framed. I’m not sentimental like that. And just so you know fuck you too.
She set the drawing on the couch next to Tony who calmly picked it up to study it. “While I don’t appreciate how big my head is here, I approve of the theatrics and coloring, so nine points.”
Peter cried throwing himself into their arms. Eventually, they sat down and ate their dinner and had a movie night before sending Peter off to bed.
They all shrugged. “Yeah but we have family back home,” Sam answered, “it’s fine to not want us around man, but most of us still have people waiting for us to get home.”
The adults in the room start to scramble while Clint’s younger kids jump up and down, “Grandpa Furry!”
Still, he took Wanda from Vision. Loki felt a warm hand brush through his hair. “Come on Lo,” Natasha cooed, “let's get you to bed. Sam’s out in the yard with Bucky, and I don’t want to have to carry you.”
After some time Tony felt himself settle in the way that Steve and Bucky interacted and the way they decided to interact with him. And it worked. It really did. Later that evening after a few dozen tours Steve was showing Tony pictures from their tour of Europe when Sam walked in. He’d been at his job working at the VA all day. “Welcome home,” he greeted to Bucky and Steve.
Light danced in Bucky’s eyes. “Sometimes I just want to spend the day with you Stevie without thinking about bird brain 2.”
The video started to play. Loki watched his body go back a fourth, Sam yelling in pure rage as the gunshots went off and Sam with tears trickling down his cheeks realizing what happened. His body hitting more walls. More walls than what he had thought at the time. Wanda had left while he was getting thrown at walls and arrived back with that horrible book. Loki wasn’t sure how she knew about it. Maybe the Avengers talked or she saw it in his mind. The how didn’t really matter.
“Why does he get to be called Steve right away,” Tony demanded, “I tried to get to you to call me Tony for months and you never did but Captain America goes please call me Steve and you do.”
Tony wasn’t sure how to respond to that. “Are those golf carts,” Steve questioned directing Tony's attention away from the idea of Bucky having a Twitter.
Sam felt the whirlwind hit him like a brick. The next thing he knew Pepper was talking to his Mom like they were old friends getting fired up, and Bucky and Steve had stepped back in the house to get Loki’s overnight bag. A sleepover at their house with Peter and Wanda. That sucked because Sam wanted to see his kid, but he didn’t want Loki overwhelmed either. Which was a good thing because at one in the morning they were all at the Ranch House talking and Rylie’s mother showed up at the doorstep and Sam had to fight to not break down.
Tony’s eyes widened with surprise. “Of course I want you around,” he announced unsure of what he was saying.
In Spain Clint and Scott were tipsy and a little drunk singing a very bad duet and it wasn’t even Clint’s fault despite being the deaf one, Scott just really couldn’t sing.
Loki climbed out of the bed. He was in a flimsy piece of cloth he remembered Thor complaining about and calling a hospital gown. Well. Loki walked to his room rolling his eyes. He found a black pair of pants and a green hoodie in his closet. As he slipped them on a knock came at his door. “You may enter,” he answered.
Natasha glared at the interviewer then at the camera crew. Who all flinched. Still, that man persisted. “One of our producers looked up the translation of Oče and as it turns out that also means Dad,” the man stated, “that sounds like an interesting story.”
