I want to tell you.
Dean didn’t know what to say. “You didn’t, though.” It was barely a whisper.
Dean bit his lip in a helpless whimper. “I’m sorry, Sir. Please... please...”
sort of magic. His stupid puff of air didn’t count for anything. If he had magic then he could sleep inside with his family, right? During the night, it was cold behind the back of the house. He mattered, right? Even without magic, his life could have meaning. His mother was proud of him regardless, right? The cold stare in her eyes was normal. It must be. He closed his eyes and tried to sleep in the cold wind.
“Of course.”
“Where are the bodies?”
He put the mop aside and headed to the front of the store.
He removed his hand from the boy who looked at him utterly confused and turned to Dean. “We should probably –“
And around his neck, there’s a necklace. It’s filled with a warm blue glow.
You open your eyes and have a stare-down with the roof. It’s a roof you remember; you’ve been here before. How did you get here? Where were you before? Something shifts at your shoulder and you turn your head. Oh. Yes. You remember now. You’ve been outside before, kind of adopting a child. But how did you get here? What happened? – Oh yes. You got sick. It has been harder to focus after that. And, after all, you
You know he was here. Where could he have gone? Has someone taken him away?
Rowena patted his cheeks. “Yes,” she said, “it was two.”
“I want to meet the man that makes Dean so weak in the knees. You heard the man, did you not? I absolutely
Castiel got the mop and he started cleaning again.
How could he say that, and then just die? Did they really need to have these life-changing speeches just seconds away from dying? Why couldn’t Cas just have said that the last time they’ve been watching a movie? The last time they had a drink together? They’d never do these things again.
The man’s gaze softened and he patted Castiel’s head. “What’s your name, boy?”
He doesn’t understand how he got to be so lucky.
“Well then darling, gobble up. Good old Rowena has found your wee brother.”
He’s smiling at you.
Dean isn’t surprised when Castiel and Miracle get along splendidly. As soon as the dog warms up to the angel, Dean is permanently degraded to
poop on the couch in the living room. Standing on this counter in the kitchen wasn’t very pleasant. He knew that Castiel and the others were talking plans. He wanted to be a part of that!
Castiel blinks and looks at Lucifer. He doesn’t answer.
Dean turns around to look at him. Sam looks determined.
He wheels you outside, into the garden behind the hospital. You should’ve brought a jacket. You wonder where your things are – you don’t have much but still, some clothes would be better than the hospital gown. Maybe Dean would be kind enough to get them for you, even if you weren’t allowed to go back inside.
is a nice name,” Eileen says when she finally steps next to Sam. Sam just nods. It’s true. Sam had kept suggesting
“Oh! Hello, Sam! Did you send Edgar? I, ehm, I’m sorry for not hearing you enter. Did you need something?”
“Sammy,” he couldn’t believe it. But Castiel held him at a distance and pulled Sam upright. “Sam,
Dean has pamphlets. They gave him pamphlets but he hasn’t looked at them. He sits on his bed and stares out of the window. Sam has Miracle. Dean told him to take her. Castiel is in the morgue.
He decided to just be forward on the topic. There was little point in dilly-dallying. The man tilted his head again and picked a flower up to look at it.
Castiel had saved Dean from Death.
Castiel grabbed his chin and forced him to look at Cas. The black eye was waning a bit at least. The cast was there to stay, however. Dean adverted his eyes. Cas chased his adverted gaze. His blue eyes were so pretty. In fact they were too pretty for Dean to look at. He didn’t deserve it. He didn’t deserve anything, not even pain. It should’ve been him. It was him who should’ve been taken, not Sam.
“Please come back to me,” Dean whispers and closes his eyes.
Castiel looked at him – again – clearly thinking about something, and then decided to simply nod. He smiled a bit and slid into the passenger seat. Dean closed the door behind him and noticed how hard his heart was hammering. First contact hadn’t been so hard now, had it? He got Castiel in the car, and that without much trouble. His date even appreciated his car. As far as starts went, it couldn’t get much better.
Castiel smiled and damn, wasn’t that a sight for sore eyes. When he smiled, his whole face lit up. His nose would scrunch and he’d get wrinkles on the side of his eyes. And don’t
“She doesn’t pick up,” Sam whispers and Dean clenches his jaw.
A week later, Sam shows up. Dean has been trying to pretend that everything was going fine, just to avoid Sam coming here. Maybe he shouldn’t have given his brother a key.
Edgar wanted to scream that he had a name. But still – it was best if The Father didn’t know he could talk.
What if he failed?
On Castiel’s comment, Dean muttered a quiet “shut up” and blushed. He was such a softie for his boyfriend, it was hysterical.
is a part of that?”
It doesn’t take long to arrive at the scene. No humans have come to harm as of yet, so there’s no need to identify as the FBI again. They could just get in and get out.
He was just tired. He was just resting his eyes.
Castiel’s voice is quiet and flat and it breaks Dean’s heart. How did Cas ever see anything good in him? He’s done nothing but degrade the angel, again and again.
Castiel shook his head. “Not really. But it’ll be alright!”
His chest hurt.
Edgar wanted it to be forever. Just him, his Castiel and an entire field of flowers waiting for them.
At the word “walk”, Miracle perked up and started wagging her tail. She then proceeds to climb up on the bed and snuggle up to Cas as if she had actually understood Dean. And he has a pretty good feeling that she actually had. Dean laughed and lays down himself, intertwining his fingers with Cas. His niece had just been born, Cas had been incredibly responsive today and everything would work out.
Sam is holding Eileen tight but Dean can barely see. What did Jack just say?
“We could go dancing. We’d go into a gay bar, with seedy lighting and that vibrator would hit you in all the right spots and then you’d see me dance with other guys, grinding on me”, Dean growled loudly upon hearing that, “but your pants are so tight and you’re so desperate for release because I’ve been edging you for three days and you can’t think straight. And I’d tell you to come, while another guy comes up behind you and –“
Dean just stared up at him. Cas had just broken another man’s wrist yet he was still the same. There was still the flower in his hair, still as lively and fresh as ever and the hard tone in his voice had disappeared. Dean tried his hardest to do as he was told. He was rewarded with a smile.
“She wasn’t even looking at me and now look at
“Yes.”
But there is Cas.
Maybe the park is nice. Maybe he enjoys the fresh air. Maybe he enjoys the flowers that don’t bloom.
Dean lowers his gun. Whatever it is, it’s afraid. Sam steps up next to him, also putting his gun away.
“Dean,” Cas says quietly and slumps against him. Dean can feel him breathing and he wraps his arms around him.
“He deserves his peace,” Castiel says and Dean’s legs are shaking.
I just...
He doesn’t know what to do. Cas deserves to be told. But whenever Dean thinks it might be the right time for it – then there’s John standing in the distance, observing and judging him. Dean knows he just has to do it, that he just has to push through. Dad is dead and nothing can happen anymore. But this fear is far too ingrained inside his brain. Maybe writing a letter would help? But somehow it doesn’t feel like enough.
“Fix,” he says. “Heart.”
“Close your eyes,” he said and Castiel did as told. Dean grinned and opened his bag. He could see Cas straining to hear what he was doing. Dean turned his back and got everything out of the bag, placing it neatly on the ground. First impressions mattered and he wanted this to be perfect. He arranged the items as best as he could and then he turned back to Cas.
It’d be easier than mourning himself.
Rowena shook her head. “No, dearie, I just want Samuel’s crown. Thank you very much.”
“I’m so proud of you, Cas.”
he could force the door open if he tried hard enough, but Castiel didn’t like it when he did that. So the rattling was more of an act of rebellion. Also if he was free he could
At that, Castiel twisted his grip, Fred cried out in pain and then he got tossed aside, all the while Castiel’s gaze was fixated on George. He grabbed that dude’s hand and pressed it against his chest.
that Cas let him do this. He quickly undid Castiel’s belt, opened his pants and tried to pull them down. He wasn’t that good at blowjobs, but he could be good enough. Or maybe he should start with a handjob. Yeah, he had more experience with that. “Dean, what are you doing?!”
. He held their stare for a whole solid second before he looked down into his empty mug again. Fine. If they didn’t want him to butt in then he wouldn’t. But it must be close by, right? Cas hadn’t really handed out any specifics. Castiel’s phone was turned off and Dad hadn’t taken his, so the option of tracking them that way also wouldn’t work.
“I’m sorry,” Jack starts and Dean swallows down his anger. He wants to yell, he wants to scream and he wants to grab this kid and shake him. But he doesn’t. At least the kid looks guilty.
You try to stand up again.
magic. I always thought that flowers want to make people happy. They can’t do that if they’re dead. They’re alive, you know? They just want to make people happy. Do you want a flower?”
It shook its head in confusion. “I don’t know any Castiel.”
“You told me you wanted to be good,” Dean says and looks at you. His eyes shine in the dark like stars.
“No,” he answered. What was Sam expecting? Was he hoping that they fucked last night and Dean would still be covered in spunk somewhere? That Dean cut off some skin of off Cas’ body so that he could carry it around? What the fuck was he getting at?
Dean groaned. It sounded like it was Castiel’s first day of being alive. He sniffed at the laundry. It wasn’t
“Jack,” he whispers and the boy lifts his hand in response. It’s good to see that Jack is still Jack. Cas would be proud of his son. Dean just wishes Castiel had been there to see it. Dean just wishes that Castiel would be here now to see this.
He wasn’t hungry anymore.
“So, Castiel,” Sam started. “What happened back there?”
“Dean! Did you see? I lit it on fire, isn’t that amazing? Sam, that was so wonderful! Thank you so much! It was such a powerful moment, thank you, thank you so much!”
He passed his test.
“Sammy,” he just said after they closed the door behind them, “are you okay?”
“Very well. But do remember, Dean – that means no orgasm tonight or tomorrow. Not until you come see me. Can you do that for me?”
He bit his lip. He couldn’t cry. He couldn’t scream. He couldn’t grieve. He had to go on. He had to be strong. He could grieve later, when they were done.
He looks over to Sam and Eileen. They look at him with pity and he hates it.
It ached after something lost.
They wouldn’t believe him.
You don’t understand. But if Sam is here... does that mean Dean is here as well? Oh, what are you going to do?
You hate that thought. But Dean deserves only good things.
He didn’t understand.
“Are you insane? What you did was fucking awesome! You stood up to these fuckers while I just sat there paralyzed. I... it...”
In the end, nothing remains.
Sam’s voice is shaking hard. Dean nods and slows the car down.
“Dean,” he whispered. He went in to hug him but accidentally yanked on the infusion that was draining his magic from his veins. He looked down at his arm and carefully removed it. He was always feeling weak after these endeavours.
When he crawls into bed next to Cas, he thinks about the people at the hospital. He forgot to ask Jack to remove their memories. It would work out, though, right? Cas is alive and he’s home and now he’s finally gonna get better.
“I wanna touch you, please,” he whispered between kisses, already pulling at Castiel’s shirt.
It’s the guy from the park, but – different.
He looked at them and maybe it was a trick of the light because his eyes were a glowing blue again.
“Samuel. Don’t fret so much, you’ll do fine. We both know you can do these things, so that is what you need to concentrate on, yes?”
They started with just the two of them.
He didn’t let go of Cas’ hand and heaved in the chair. Fuck. Fuck. He felt feather kisses on his stomach, working their way up until they reached his face.
“Why... why would they drain his magic? Is that even possible?”
At least the vomit hadn’t really dried yet.
, I looked how to help Cas. I
“Look at all the stars.”
“Open your pants. Don’t remove them, just open them.”
Sam frowned. He didn’t know if that would work. Water and fire didn’t exactly go well together. How could he set a flame under water without it going out immediately?
“Maria was really hoping for some balloons,” Sam says and Dean shrugs.
“You okay, man?”
For all his bravery, for all his courage – he can’t.
“It will run out?”
He didn’t understand.
Dean whimpered and he wasn’t even ashamed admitting that. He just wanted to hear Cas’ voice while he jerked off, was that so much to ask for?
Dean wishes he could’ve watched over Castiel at least one time.
Charlie helps them sell Cas’ art online. They sell somewhat well and Dean thinks that Cas is happy that he gets to help. Cas had said that he would’ve like to take a real job, but Dean shut him down very quickly.
Dean shook his head. He was going to lose Sam for good if he let go of him. But Castiel would have none of that as he simply pushed Dean aside.
And with that, Sam got a sunflower shoved into his face. He took it and smiled, looking at his friend. “Thanks?”
Sam’s never heard Dean’s voice cutting out like that.
Castiel was silent for a while, sipping on his drink. He seemed to think for quite some time before he nodded.
Oh god. The fingers pressed deeper into his hole and Dean started to pant.
Why won’t they work?
You scream and the silence is too loud and you want to be dead.
He wouldn’t be able to take it.
Dean sucked on his man’s neck, not noticing the panicked undertone of his voice. “I’ll be good for you, baby. I’m gonna make you feel so good.” Dean pushed his hand down Castiel’s pants, grabbing his dick. He wanted to see the dick that he would ride on. He needed to know how big it was, how thick, how it would taste inside of his mouth.
Cas gets sick at least one time a month, sometimes more. He’s always sick for at least two days, battling fever and puking up goo. Dean’s terrified every single time.
Seven guys trot in and Dean guesses that they might be Vampires. Damn, he’s packed the wrong bullets. Still, shooting them would slow them down for a moment so that he could stab them with the knife. It’s easy to slip back into the Killer Dean Winchester and he hates it. What would Cas have to say about all this?
“I’m Castiel,” the man then says and of course. What other name could it have been?
You can’t lose that.
There was a bloody hand-print on Dean’s shoulder. He refused to take the jacket off.
He reached forward, taking a fistful of his shirt and pressed him onto the ground. Castiel’s ass landed directly on Dean’s spunk and damn, if that wasn’t a turn on. “Dean?”, Cas began but was promptly cut off when Dean kissed him, hard. He gathered Cas’ hands in one of his and Dean
“I’m sorry,” he said again, this time directed at Rowena. “It’s just making me so anxious. What if I fail? I’m not allowed a job until I take that exam.  I don’t want to give Dean any more trouble, you know? Do you know how many relationships of his failed just because I need to stay with him?”
Dean didn’t really know how this came to be but – he also didn’t mind. Castiel sitting on top of his lap, kissing him? It sounded like a jackpot and he wouldn’t be complaining.
He puffs his chest and wheels himself out of the room. But now you don’t know what to do.
Castiel came stumbling out of the backroom with Edgar on his shoulder. Maybe Sam was imaging things, but did the bird look smug?
, the man without faith. And through you – you became my faith. I believed in nothing, I had faith in nothing – except you. I had faith in you. When you were gone, so was my faith gone. And when you returned, you brought it back with you.
“When I first met you, I thought you were a small and petite man.”
It’s not his fault.
“Well hello there, little bird.”
,” Sam said.
“That she did.”
Cas, but if Sam didn’t like him? What would he do then?
Truth be told, he really didn’t want to leave his room. Outside of this room was still the harsh reality of Sam being missing. What if Rowena hadn’t found him yet? What if she was standing outside his door right now, preparing herself to tell him that Sam was lost forever? Dean pulled the coat closer to him, holding it to his face. He wouldn’t be able to take it. But in here, he wouldn’t be of use to anyone.
He did mean what he said, but as he said goodbye to his cowboy fantasy he had to withhold a manly tear. Though he knew, at heart, that saying farewell to it was worth it. Castiel’s eyes shone brightly and his smile was wide.
The man frowned. “That sounds like a bullshit reason.” Castiel tilted his head and blinked up at the man. “Why? They’re more important than me.”
Why has Jack not shown up?
He was never meant to say another word ever again.
What if I don’t remember at all? What if what I see are just fragments from the stars, showing me what they saw in their last moments?
He did.
He had a glass of water standing on the table before him and he pushed it back and forth. He wanted to call Rowena and have her tell him everything would be fine but if he did that
“I’m going to miss you as well, Sam. I hope you can forgive me one day.”
Castiel turned his head and looked at the field before him. He held his hand up, not looking at it and Sam studied him. He got the same ethereal feeling again and if he didn’t know better, he could swear that there was magic swirling around that man.
would tell him
Should he talk about how he should’ve let the child die first?
George’s face went white and he tore his hand out of Castiel’s grip, went to Fred and with a frightful look in Castiel’s direction ran off. Cas looked after them before he turned to Dean. He stepped up to him and took his hand, incredibly gently. “Dean,” he said,
“Rowena’s working on a tracking spell. She’ll find him; and then we’ll go rescue him.”
The guy cocks his head and blinks.
You don’t know what to say.
What if he never got to see Cas again? What if they had a fall-out so badly that Dean couldn’t visit the flower shop anymore? What if Castiel trained Edgar to be aggressive toward him? Attack him on sight, even? – Now yes, sure, Dean could handle an aggressive bird; probably; he wasn’t really too keen on finding out.
And whatever sins you believe you committed – sins that you believe that cannot be forgiven – I give you absolution.
He’s always said that he considered Cas to be his father, but does he just stop caring like that?
“Rowena, why are we doing this again? You’ve seen me do it before!”
“With my life,” he promises.
A few days later, Sam went into the flower shop by himself. His final exam was drawing closer and closer and Sam’s anxiety was sky-rocketing. Rowena had told him he was more than ready and he knew that she was right, yet what if he wasn’t? What if he failed? He would disappoint Dean and Rowena and himself – he couldn’t do that.
“I was also reading the local news and I think there might be a case here.”
“I asked you nicely, and you refused. I ask again, and you still refuse. Tell me what options you leave me, because I can and will end you right here. Apologise to him, right now, and you can leave. Refuse and you will leave me no choice.”
Edgar kept screaming but now he landed on the blanket, clearly exhausted. He panted. “Castiel,” he panted, “gone!”
From here on out, where do I go?”
“Samuel, your exam is soon and these are precisely the things they want you to do. You only get one shot at this, remember?”
“You’re right. I need a job, a real one with money. I’ll only sit on you as long as I absolutely have to, but you’re right. It’d be too quiet here, just on my own.”
magic, so she didn’t count.
“I love you,” Dean whispers into dark hair.
Castiel extended his hand and touched the gravestone. An eerie feeling went through Dean and he stared at the headstone. It felt like the stone...
No, David is nice. Under different circumstances, Dean might’ve even liked him.
He was proud of himself for holding it together until he left the Bunker.
Eventually, they stop at the side curb. Sam is trying hard not to cry and Dean wants to cheer him up.
“I did what you said. I felt the magic; then I lit the candle on fire.”
He turns to the side and sees him there.
“Your name is... Subject 1805?”
But Dean didn’t want him.
Outside it’s foggy.
Jack blinked. Then he nodded. He reached out and took Castiel’s hand. “I trust you,” the boy said and Castiel knew he didn’t deserve that.
He reaches forward to tuck the flower into Dean’s hair and he has no idea why he doesn’t resist.
Dean pulled the bag further away. “No, that’s not for right now. Let’s go.”
“I can do you one better. Why
Humanity...
gambling with his life. He hoped he knew what he was doing.
be God, I am, but... I can’t do it without you. What if I stop looking at the small things? What if I end up like Chuck? I need you, Cas. I need you to remind me of a fallen leaf, of a newborn bird. I need you to remind me of the wonders of the world.
He wondered if he should mourn it.
Castiel pushed Dean back into the seat.   Dean’s jeans were very constricting and he wished he could open the zipper at least. He nodded and tried to open the buttons on Castiel’s shirt. The man didn’t stop him, simply observed him with dark eyes and Dean took that as permission for licking Cas’ nipple. Fuck, he wanted to throw Castiel into the backseat and get him naked and do so, so many things to him.
Oh, if just Kelly had never died.
“It’s okay,” Cas says after Dean is gone.
Dean clenched his jaw. He didn’t want to fight with Sam. He knew that what Sam said was right. At least in some aspects, Dean could admit that, but it was still their father and as such demanded some respect.
Dean didn’t want him to have sex with women. Castiel’s heart was beating so fast. He tried his best to reign his emotions in, even though all he wanted was to jump up and run into Dean’s arms and rub his cheek against Dean’s collarbone and...
Jack will wait. He’ll wait forever for Cas.
was wrong. Edgar moved on his shoulder and Dean glanced at the bird. “What happened?”
“This goo,” Dean wonders, “will you really never be rid of it?”
“I missed this,” Cas says when Dean opens his eyes. He’s been awake for a while at this point, but he had wanted to enjoy Castiel playing with his hair. It feels nice.
“I,” It said quietly, “am going to find you.”
Dean didn’t love him.
“I feel like I know you,” Dean says.
“How did you do it?” he asked instead without looking at his companion.
Dean smiled and took the flower. “Hi, Henry,” he said and Castiel laughed. Dean liked it when he could make Castiel laugh. Edgar was chirping in the background as they made their way back to the counter.
I didn't think it'd turn out to be this long. I was aiming for like 3k to 5k but then - well. You see what happened then. Anyway.
“Cas,” he says and he feels as if the soul in his end flickers. “Come back to me.”
– he doesn’t care at all. He slides in the backseat and Sam drives towards the nearest motel. Dean shrugs off his jacket and puts it around Goo’s shoulders, hoping to at least fool the majority of people into thinking that this was just another normal person. And if they didn’t – well they are very welcome to lick his boots.
“Hey,” Sam starts in a soft tone and the thing flinches, “we’re not here to hurt you.”
He preened at the praise. “More,” he whispered, “please.”
“The purest being in the universe loves me,” Dean says. “You should’ve seen him smile, Miracle. You wouldn’t love me so much if you’d ever see him smile. I should’ve made him smile more.”
, and fuck, was he ever pretty. Dean swallowed and took a step to the side.
Sam was looking at the witch who just shook her head. “I’m afraid not, dear lad. Whatever I use for tracking needs to be a direct connection – if you hadn’t had that flower in your pockets the spell wouldn’t have worked.”
It’s easier than anything else he’s ever done.
He texted Dean the result and his brother responded immediately:
He was never meant to finish that word.
His chest hurt. It hurt
“Dean,” was the response. “Why are you still up? You have to go to work tomorrow.”
Castiel nodded and Dean’s heart broke.
Castiel’s eyes darkened. He knew she had an interest in all sorts of magic. “No,” he said and kept walking towards the gate. After a good two seconds of contemplating, Rowena was following. It probably helped that Sam hadn’t taken his eyes off her.
The ache will never go away, but it feels good.
Dean walks up the stairs. He has a job interview tomorrow. It’s going to go well. He knows it will. And even if he won’t get the job, it will still be good. The interview he’d have after he would be rejected from this job would be even better than the one tomorrow. He has hope. For the first time in a long time, he has perspective – and that perspective doesn’t scare him. It doesn’t prompt him to steer off his path.
He remembers this. It’s when he was staying with Lisa.
Once he gets the clear, he rolls Cas into the room and Sam and Eileen both look tired but also so, so happy. They light up even more when they see Cas.
“What the fuck do you want, you demon? I don’t have any fucking peanuts!”
At least it was just pee he had to clean up. There were no dark stains and he was glad for it. Stains were terrible and he didn’t understand the people that left those behind. How did they use the toilet in their own home? Did it look the same? Did they clean it up themselves or was somebody doing it for them? He started mopping.
“It’s okay,” Castiel says and Dean hugs him.
ruffled, but he still didn’t want to know what happened in that room back there.
about him, Dean, he’s my father. But I didn’t want to come here without a solution. If I would’ve come and would’ve said I can’t do anything, you would’ve lost hope immediately. I’m – I’m sorry that I’m late. But we can fix this, Dean. Look.”
Sam blinked. Maybe Castiel had talked about him? Yes, that must be it. And while yes, people would be able to guess they were related, they usually wouldn’t know that unless they were standing next to each other. Or maybe Dean came by so often that Edgar could just see the resemblance?
Maybe their break-up wasn’t his fault.
The flowers were waiting.
Eileen holds Sam tight. Dean is sitting on the ground and Jack has put his hand on his shoulder. It feels wrong.
“Yeah,” Sam said while being busy on his phone. “I’m looking if I can find some blueprints. Unless you have a better idea Dean?”
Sam snorted. He didn’t doubt that Rowena was a great witch – she was. It’s why he was so glad she actually chose to be his teacher. Finding a magic teacher was always a nerve wracking process. And it helped that he liked Rowena, too. Some days he even believed that the feeling was mutual.
Or Dean didn’t feel the same things after all.
Dean arrives at the park just shortly before noon. There aren’t many people here – a few joggers, a few dog-owners and a few parents with their strollers. Dean thinks that there might be a playground somewhere in the area. He’s never really been here before – he’s never had the time before. He wonders why.
It feels good to take the Impala on a long stretch again. Miracle stayed behind with Eileen and it’s just him and his little brother on the road. It almost feels like the old times. They were rushing in to save the day, heroes once more.
But you can’t. He’s going to take Jack away. He and Dean are going to take Jack away and he’s going to grow up hating you. They will tell him all the terrible things you’ve done and Jack will grow disgusted by you. He will grow up and hate you for soiling the stars for him.
Hours later Sam was pleasantly buzzed and Dean and Cas were dancing on the dance floor. Dean’s flower crown was completely gone, Sam had put his down on the table – one of the flowers had come off though and so Sam had stuffed it into his pocket – and Castiel’s still looked as fresh as ever. They had tried coaxing him to dancing as well, but he had refused. He was very content in just watching them.
No matter what, at the end Cas will be there.
to hold on but everything is slipping through his fingers.
You feel your body shake.
Castiel was gone.
“Dean, please?” Castiel’s blue eyes are pleading and Dean has a hard time saying no. Cas always asks for so little and Dean’s always liked dancing when he got a chance to do it – which sadly is not often. So he sighs and stands up from the couch, offering his hand up to Cas.
made me see that it’s worth loving. The way you’d talk about a roadside flower and what a miracle it is, I – I saw the little things. I saw the things that make the world what it is. It’s not about the big battles, the big wins or even the big losses – it’s about the things you never appreciate. The roadside flower, the leaves on the trees or the rustling of the wind.
He went down on his knees and wept.
You did this, with no help, no assistance, and
Edgar cawed and his feathers puffed up. “Take only money for flower. Peanut is for Edgar! Give Peanut?”
The man’s voice is soft and the trees around them make Dean feel better.
“Are Charlie and Stevie coming?”
Someone touches his hand.
He threw the half-eaten burrito in the trash. He would regret it later.
But then he takes your face in his hands. They are warm and big and he looks you in the eyes. You don’t like it. You want to advert your gaze but Sam won’t let you. He chases after you and you give up. You’re afraid of what he’ll say.
But he knows it’s not the truth.
“Cas!”
“Hello, Maria,” Cas says. Maria blinks in his direction and after some thought, reaches out for him.
He threw himself on his bed and curled up on it. The thought alone made him sick. There had to be a way to fix this. They always managed. They always fixed stuff. So why couldn’t they fix Cas? And why was Sam so ready to just...
Why was I the only one that’s ever looked to the stars and collected them?
Oh god, no no no no. Cas is coughing up the same black goo he had been covered with.
Dean nodded, and with Castiel’s help, he actually did. He didn’t fully trust his legs yet, so he stumbled into Cas, a silent plead to hold him. Castiel did, and Dean immediately felt better. “Thank you,” he whispered and Castiel pressed a soft kiss on his jaw. He held Dean’s hand tight and slowly led him out the bowling alley.
“Get yourself together, Samuel!”
Horrified, Dean squeezed Castiel’s shoulder harder. Two men had just walked up to them and looked down at them; disdain clearly written on their faces. He stared up at them and didn’t know what to do. It had taken him a long time to accept his bisexuality – no thanks to his dad – and he still felt insecure about it at times. He was a freak of nature. He was just a guy pretending. He should just finally decide. He couldn’t love both, after all – either he liked girls or he liked guys, both just
He left his room and found Dean lingering in the kitchen. There were pancakes on the table. “Hey Dean,” he greeted his brother and Dean rushed to him, hugging him hard. “You’re gonna kill it today, Sammy,” he said and Sam struggled to free himself.
Rowena smiled. “The lad may call me Rowena.”
Dean didn’t miss the look that Sam threw Rowena. He didn’t understand, but it made him feel uneasy.
They arrived back at the flower shop and then Dean just sat there, staring blankly ahead. What did he say now? “Dean,” Castiel said again and tore Dean out of his headspace, “walk me to the door?” Dean nodded.
Dean nods.
“Your lips are dry.”
For so long, I didn’t believe you. But you were right. And know what? That good thing that would happen to me was right in front of me. And we didn’t know. Neither of us knew. Who could’ve imagined?
He had been with Dean.
In his eyes you can be a star.
The dark tone made Dean swallow. Castiel’s face was only illuminated by one streetlamp outside and that certainly didn’t help Dean calm down by any means. The way he sat there, hovering over Dean and demanding an answer – Dean never knew how worked up he could get from so little action.
“Great, uhm – how about tomorrow then? I wanna talk to Sam first, you know?”
“I want to do all this, and I want Sam to watch. I want to hurt Sam and I want you to watch, powerless to do anything about it. I want to rip and slice and stab and kill everything. I want to hear you scream, I want to end your lives in the most painful way possible. And I can’t...”
His voice doesn’t sound like his own.
Rowena smiled at him smugly when he came out of the room. He didn’t even need to say something to her; she just knew. Sam smiled shyly and she patted his back. “Very well done, Samuel,” she praised him. He blushed.
“Dean,” Castiel whispered and pointed in front of him.
told him to get to safety. So he cared, right? He must’ve. Castiel smiled at that. Yes. Dean had been concerned about his safety. Dean had told him to go to the Bunker. Dean wanted him around.
“I can be with Dean,” Castiel smiled at the nice man who had offered him some soup.
“Stay with me tonight”, Dean whispered. He needed Cas to be with him until the end. He didn’t know how he’d cope after his friend was gone.
His friend moved quietly, and then sat down next to him. Dean looked over. It was Cas. It’d always be Cas. He could do this. He could save him. It’d all be alright, and then they’d go take that beach vacation. Castiel would wear swim-shorts with bees on them and they’d play ball on the sand together. Yes. That’s what they’d do, once this nightmare was done with.
He’s still dead, you think. You feel responsible. If you’d been better, he would still be here. Susie must hate you. Susie with her bright orange hair and the yellow dress.
He stands up and hugs his family. They hug back.
Cas blinks at him in question, and then looks at the outstretched hand. At last, there’s a smile stealing itself across Castiel’s face and he gently takes Dean’s hand and hauls himself up.
“You will
“Would you go out with me?”
Dean loves him.
It sounded like a question, but fuck, that was an order if Dean’s ever heard one.
make sure that you’re rewarded.
“Yeah. Cool. Okay. Listen, Cas, I don’t want you forcing yourself to do something. I lov – I really care about you, man, and if all you wanna do is cuddle and kiss, then I’m down for that. Nobody’s gotta have to fuck anyone for us to work.”
Sam turned and was met with a man. He looked as unassuming as his shop. “Ah, no, it’s fine, I was just... I was just surprised is all.”
It’s a pebble.
The first result said “Orchid Flower Meaning – Flower Meaning”, so that should do the trick. Okay. He looked up at the ceiling for a moment, swallowed hard and he clicked on the link.
He held Dean’s face in his hands and pressed their foreheads together.
beautiful.” The man clapped him on the shoulder. “How say you, boy, you get your own flowers you have to look after. You can’t take care of a life with magic, but with heart.”
Dean lay on his bed and he couldn’t see anything. The light was out and he couldn’t remember the last time the light has even been on. He didn’t deserve the light. He didn’t deserve anything. What was he going to do now? How was he supposed to find Sam, being paralyzed as he was? He couldn’t even move out of his room. He couldn’t even eat.
Sam wished he could’ve been there. He wished he could’ve changed something. Maybe he could’ve found a way. Found a way to save them all.
“I have something for you,” the man continues and Dean is trying to focus on the grass under his back. The grass is fresh and cold and the dirty ground beneath him is solid. He didn’t get lost. He’s here, he’s real, nobody forgot about him.
Cas is watching Dancing With The Stars and he’s really fascinated. Apparently, he’s never danced before. Dean’s never told him about Garth and Bess dancing in front of the window. He wonders how they’re doing now. Maybe they’re dancing right at this moment, while Sam and Castiel are finally asleep?
“You know, for all I missed, I’m glad Jack decided to skip the toddler phase. I wonder what happened to all the diapers I bought. My doula classes were very unhelpful with my son but they might come in handy with you, hm?”
, to tell him that it would be alright. The Father was bad. Castiel shouldn’t go with him. Castiel was supposed to stay with him until forever. He wasn’t supposed to go away.
Charlie is dancing with Maria and Eileen is sitting next to Cas. She’s taken her shoes off and is likely complaining to the angel that her feet hurt. Cas is holding the wedding bouquet now and Dean knows that Eileen will insist he keep it.
Maria blinks at him, then laughs and claps her hands. She turns her head to her mom and brabbles to her and Eileen just smiles.
You just feel sorry for Jack. But if you go, then he’d be able to find a real family with a mother and a father. People who could love him the way he deserves and who can give him the things he wants. And in time, Jack would forget you.
When Rowena arrived about an hour later, Sam was sitting in the living room. He had taken the vase from the windowsill to the coffee table and he just stared at it. He had debated with himself if the flowers themselves were magic or if someone had put a spell on them. But why? A florist would gain very little from putting a spell on flowers, especially one that would make them live longer. People wouldn’t come and buy new ones as often as they’d do otherwise. So he had sat there wishing he could talk to plants or that they had a way to speak back.
He really didn’t like cleaning the bathrooms.
Maybe this is a dream. A terrible, terrible nightmare and Dean just has to find a way to wake up.
“You were falling asleep,” he says, “and I told you not to.”
“So what, we’re gonna check out that building just because the bird had a
Dean looked over to his – his what, exactly? Was Cas his boyfriend? He didn’t know. Were they still just friends? No, that couldn’t be it. Was there a word for what they were?
“You speak Baby, Cas?” Sam asks and Cas turns his head.
“I’m here,” he whispers, “I’m here.”
You don’t want that.
have a car. “Fine, I’ll go wake up Sam. You’re gonna wake up Rowena though ‘cause I’m not ready for that.”
He waved his phone in her face, “Yes, I already planned the route.”
It was about half an hour later when Dean unlocked the door. Sam stood to greet their guest and he heard a rustle behind him that indicated Rowena had gotten up as well. She probably wanted to shock Dean with her presence, as she so often did.
You think about being here; and you think about being away.
And Sam – Sam as the Boyking of Hell, the true vessel of Lucifer, I expected him to be evil, I expected him to be malicious, but he wasn’t. Sam was good and kind and brave and the small spot of darkness was a stain on him, but then he’s only human and it didn’t even matter.
It’s remarkable.
Never mind what Dean was going to say, Castiel leaned forward and simply took what he wanted. Dean wasn’t complaining that was for sure. He slid his hands under Castiel’s shirt and enjoyed the feel of smooth skin under his fingers. He pulled Cas closer to him. He even dared to sneak a hand downwards to grab his butt.
“What was it like?”
“He loves me.”
, when it’s pointless?
Dean snorted and unlocked the car, opening the door for Cas. “I think she forgives you and invites you to ride her.”
For Cas, who loves so much and has never been loved in return.
It had been so difficult. But now? All his emotions ran towards Dean. Dean made it so easy. Just seeing him, just being with him made Cas so happy he could barely breathe. He tried hard not to choke up. He didn’t want Dean to see him cry, at least not yet.
Castiel nodded and put it into the registry. He had learned that people didn’t like it if he was too slow. Customers had complained to Nora before and he’d been so embarrassed. She had told him
Magic was his tool. It would do what he wanted. So he placed down a flame in the middle of the ring and simply knew it wouldn’t spread. It would stay exactly the way it was. He turned his gaze back to his two testers who smiled at him.
like that!”
Dean just nods. That might be possible.
Dean couldn’t let go of Cas’ hand. Sam was standing behind them and he was snivelling. Normally, Dean would tease him for that but – not now. It took everything he had not to break down crying. The monster sat right there, as innocent as a table – the Ma’lak Box.
Tonight the fire would consume.
“Breathe,” he reminds his brother and so Dean takes a deep breath. He nods and Sam turns the water off. The get Goo back out of the shower and haul him into the main room. They lay him upon a bed and Dean sits next to him. Sam gets on his phone, presumably to call Eileen and let her know what’s up.
didn’t know. You can’t bring yourself back to life. Resurrecting someone else is difficult enough. They ran every test they could imagine on me and – well, eventually they resigned themselves to killing me again.
And anyway, the paintings are selling. And in time, they might even be able to ask for more money. Dean doesn’t really hold out hope but who knows?
“Go with me,” he says.
Their physical form shall burn from velocity, but what about the stars? What about them? Who catches them? Where do they go? Shall they forever be lost in space?
“Sam’s flower crown was missing a flower,” Castiel said absent-minded. Rowena looked up at him, while frowning. “Say again?”
Sam walks into the reception area of this Motel 5 and Dean tries to wake up Goo again but he’s still out like a light.
Around forty minutes or so later, Castiel sent him a picture.
Dean turns around and sees a man standing there. The man has dark hair, and is wearing an ugly sweater. He’s carrying a box labelled “books”.
He felt the bed dip next to him. Fuck. Castiel was still here. Dean tried to scoot away from him but Cas had the advantage.
“I... what?”
“That’s just wonderful. I’m so proud of you.”
He looks at Dean.
You think about best friends and how it’s always been you.
It must be.
Sam slumped forward in his chair. Dean couldn’t breathe. No. No no no no no no that wasn’t supposed to happen. Sam wasn’t supposed to getting shot. It couldn’t be. It couldn’t be true.They were supposed to drive back home. Together. They were supposed to go together. He was supposed to pamper Sam and tell him to never stray from his side ever again. Sam was supposed to give him a bitch face and be dismissive of his worries. Dean was supposed to worry and to call Sam every ten minutes just to make sure everything was alright.
Castiel just nodded. His throat was hoarse from all the crying he has done.
Magic could do wonderful things: like make a flower bloom or blow the wind on your face.
“It’s a sweet briar. Take it, free of charge. Take good care of it, yes?”
“That building is owned by
But this time, they wouldn’t be happy tears.
“You gave them courage,” Dean responds. “You gave them reason to believe in themselves. Without you, Bell would’ve never gathered the courage to face down her ex-wife. Without you, Leah would’ve never realised of how much value she is just by herself.”
Castiel looked at him with a smile on his face. “Yes. I’m not very good at cooking, either.”
didn’t want to know.
“Yeah, Charlie’s gonna help me set up the music. The others are coming too, but Donna can’t make it. Some important thing came up but she’s gonna drop by in the coming days.”
wanted to wear some sort of sweatpants, but he couldn’t wear them at work. He felt exposed and feared every second that someone would come up to him and accuse him of going commando and tell him what a slut he was and that he ought to dress appropriately.
Wouldn’t it be smarter to search the house? If Dad was really a member of these Men of Letters people, wouldn’t there be some shit in this house? Of course Dean wasn’t stupid enough to believe that there’d be a file with everything they could possibly want lying around but maybe an official name or something? And maybe these Letter-people only rented that building and they’d be able to find them that way? Sure, they might own that building but it would still need to be registered by the city. And since he figured that the house wouldn’t be able to count as a home; there would be a company name in the registry, right?
His angel will catch him.
I love you, Cas. I’ll say it now, and I’ll say it a hundred times. You are loved, Castiel, now and forever.
. I don’t want to live somewhere where you do not. Even if we can’t go back to the way things were, I need to know – I need to know that you’re alive.
I love you.
Jack is holding something in his hands. He opens them somewhat so that Dean can take a peek. It’s glowing and Dean doesn’t know what it is.
He scratched Edgar’s belly who stirred slightly.
He mopped a little harder. This spot was stubborn.
Free Will. You’ve always been. Without you – without you, Chuck would’ve determined the ending. But he didn’t. Because you made us believe that we can choose our own path. That we can choose who we want to be.
You look behind you but of course, there’s nothing there.
Jack beams at Sam and looks at you. “I can go on my own now!”
“...tiel!”
“He – Edgar started it.”
“We’re having a picnic?”
“I don’t know. I’ve told him; and I’m sure he knows but whether or not he’ll actually show up... it would be good to see him again. But even if he can’t make it here, he’ll be watching over these two.”
Dean laughed. “No. I – can I stay with you tonight? It’s okay if I have to sleep on the couch, it’ll be fine, but, “ he just didn’t want to be alone tonight.
“Hello, Sam,” he said and Sam nodded.
perfect just the way you are. Let no one tell you otherwise.
“Dean, please –“
It made him think of Dean. And thinking of Dean made him think of emotions.
“I am now.”
“It’s not safe without them.”
Sam and Eileen gift a painting set to Castiel one day. Dean isn’t sure why but they say it’s because he saved their baby. Later Cas admits to Dean that he barely remembers what happened.
Dean steps out of the car.
When Sam woke up the next day, Castiel was already gone. Dean had wanted to get the day off for the exam but Sam had been able to convince him otherwise. There would be no point in Dean lingering outside the door. And besides, Bobby had promised Dean the next day off should Sam pass his exam.
“Cas, do you not have a TV?”
Castiel stepped back and looked at Dean. Dean couldn’t return the look. It meant good-bye, and he’d never be ready for that. Castiel’s hand was soft on his back.
Should he talk about how the baby was slowly but surely dying?
important. Dean just doesn’t really know why or how.
He rotates on the spot as if to show off. His eyes are bright and his smile is so wide. But you can’t help but feeling that hollow ache in your chest. He doesn’t need you anymore. He can go wherever he wants now.
“Mayhap you do,” the man simply replies.
The dog barks excitedly and Dean smiles.
Castiel’s fingers were soft in their touch and Dean started to sweat. He fisted the blanket he was laying on.
It’s okay now.
Dean doesn’t know why.
“Want,” Castiel keeps on saying before he hacks up an ugly cough. Dean cries and rushes over to him.
He didn’t understand.
Dean would’ve allowed him to stay if he’d been an angel.
I was lost too, you know. I was lost ever since the start. Sometimes I think I remember. Sometimes I think I remember an all consuming light in the dark. Sometimes I think I remember the beginning before it ever began. Sometimes I think I remember the void, the naught.
It’d be another two years of training
I’m lost, Dean.
Castiel put a hand on Sam’s head and his eyes started to glow a bright blue. They looked ethereal. Dean’s never seen that before. He didn’t say anything, the entire room engulfed with quiet until from nothing there came the smallest gasp. Dean turned his attention back to Sam who was coughing and who was
You think of yellow trucks and selfish purposes.
He wouldn’t do that.
Sam sighed and rolled his eyes. “Well, how long is he going to be busy for? I need to ask him something.”
He couldn’t even say it. He couldn’t even say
There were hands on his shoulders and he was being shaken. He blinked again and looked up.
“Listen here you asshole, I told you not to say that anymore!” Dean hissed at the bird.
“That was a nice story, Cas,” he says and you appreciate him trying to soften the blow. But you deserve a hammer.
He suppressed the flame and relented.
Castiel smiled,
It might be because it’s the guy’s flower.
I want children. You know I do, and you also know I don’t want to wait that much longer before having them. I also know that you don’t want them, at least not yet. And yet, if it were to happen – you’d marry me, like your dad taught you to. But would you be happy? You might be, in some time. But it wouldn’t be what you’d want, right? You’d be married to me forever, and you’d tell yourself that that’s how it’s supposed to be like.
“...shut up.”
“They call themselves Men of Letters and they’ve been hunting me ever since. I evade them as much as possible, but now I need to act. I know where their headquarters are.”
“Good, you look... good.”
“I care about you so much. I love you, Dean, don’t you doubt that. But love changes, you know? I don’t love you any less than I loved you a month ago. But it’s different now. And I’m going to move on.
He’s sitting in the chair next to your bed and he’s awake. He’s looking at you.
This time, Dean hears how quiet Cas’ voice is. He hates it. Why hadn’t he ever heard before? It’s because he didn’t want to hear. He hadn’t cared. If he had just listened back then, then – then maybe...
“Dean, please look at me.”
The nurses tell Dean that Sam and Eileen are inside but that he’s not allowed to go in. They were nice enough to give him a wheelchair for Cas – as much as Dean loves to pretend he’s a strong macho man, Cas is still six feet tall and really fucking heavy.
He holds you and against his shoulder you find your breath again. You don’t deserve to be hugged but you don’t dare to ask. You can’t be told no if you don’t ask.
The bird didn’t listen. Apparently he liked coffee, the way he slurped that stuff. “That’s my fucking coffee!”
You look to your side and you see that Jack is gone. You look around, hoping to find him somewhere. Maybe he was on the ground, playing or drawing? But no, you were alone.
Sam didn’t want to say it. He was worried for the reaction he would receive. Then he felt a hand on his. He looked up – when had he adverted his gaze? – and was amazed by how blue Castiel’s eyes seemed to be in this light.
He whined, “Please, Sir, I’ll be good.”
He lay down and looked at them again. Dean took a step and put his hand on the lid. If he closed it, that would be it. Castiel would be gone. His hand was shaking and there were un-spilled tears in his eyes. He couldn’t do it. But he couldn’t let Sam help him. It had to be him. This was his box, his angel and his responsibility.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel said and stepped closer, so that they stood chest to chest. Castiel snuck his hands in between their bodies and opened up Dean’s pants, shucking them down. He didn’t look down and all Dean could do was stare in the blue eyes before him. His dick pressed into the fabric of Castiel’s clothes and then he bent forward, kissing the florist.
So you do.
“Boom!” Edgar shouted and Castiel shushed him. Dean didn’t even want to know what happened. Instead, he took his phone and sent a message to Sam, telling him he’d be staying with a friend tonight so Sam had to figure out food for himself.
He tried so very hard not to listen. He was fixated on this stupid book-page; it didn’t matter if he had no clue what it said. His hands were shaking and he wished he could have a drink. Hell, he wished he could be drunk all the time these days. But he would never forgive himself for that. Being drunk in possibly the last moments he’d ever get? He shouldn’t even be reading this book, but maybe – just maybe – there was a way to fix it in there. Because they would fix this. That’s what they
“I’m afraid I’ll set everyone on fire, like Mom.”
“We want to help you, if we can.”
“Now, now. It’s okay. I’m okay. I’ll miss him, I’ll miss him forever but I have to keep living, y’know? For Cas. Cas wouldn’t want me to wallow in self-pity for all eternity. So I’ll do it for him. I’ll be the man he saw in me because I know I can be. I just need a little more time. And you’ll be here for me, won’t you?”
“Do you want to try?”
“It’s exactly what I wanted, Sam.”
No no no no no no no.
world will be different.
Castiel tilted his head, and then he started to beam. “Oh, Sam, I would love to! I feel honoured. Magic is so fascinating. Do you think we could do the magic-sharing again?”
Castiel hummed behind him and Dean felt a fingertip pressing inside of him. He started to breathe a little more irregular and Castiel pressed a comforting hand onto his back. The finger pressed deeper inside of him and started moving a bit. Castiel rubbed his back and eventually, Dean was able to breathe somewhat steadily.
“Dean, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know how badly Edgar takes to mornings. Is your coffee alright?”
If he was gone, what would happen to Castiel?
Please.
Dean had nodded and ascended the stairs.
It’s never enough. He was just there, witnessing all this and he couldn’t even change anything in the end.
“But this?”
His body was shaking and then he felt Castiel’s arms around him. It was okay. Castiel was okay. Sam started to sob into his friend’s shoulder and he clung to him.
Edgar pushed his face into Castiel’s hand. He didn’t want to go.
Dean blushed. Well, the bird wasn’t wrong. “He’s, uhm, he’s been talking ‘bout me?”
“He’ll never fully recover,” Jack says after he got them all home. Dean holds Castiel tight to his chest. The angel is asleep but his breath isn’t rattling this time. He looks at Jack, unblinking.
“Been a while since I made out in a field, you know.”
As Sam sat up in bed, his hand found its way to his chest. Whatever happened last night, did he just dream it? There had been a flame in Castiel’s hand and he had pressed it into Sam’s chest. It still felt warm. “Let there be fire,” he whispered.
Dean doesn’t want to go home, so he wanders the streets a bit. He’s not sure why, maybe the crowd just sweeps him away for a while.
“No. But with the soul, his grace is strong enough to keep it in check and keep all the internal organs working. I – I have to go now. But I’ll drop in whenever I can. Say hi to Sam for me and – tell Maria about me, too, okay? I’m excited to meet her someday soon.”
Dean rolled his eyes. If the fucking bird went into a fucking spiel of
But know what? I don’t think that’s how it’s supposed to be.
“I’m a broken angel,” Castiel says and Dean reaches out his hand.
The ground was hard. He wished sleeping bags had more padding. He also wished for a pillow. What was it like, sleeping with a pillow under your head?
Cas smiles and lifts Maria up and she giggles.
Jack would have everything he’d need; and he’d be happy.
You want to protest. He shouldn’t stay by your side. Nobody should. You’ll only mess them up.
“Did I allow you to do
The fire inside him was burning ever-hot. It was a scorching heat and it was worse now that Edgar was here. He raised his hand.
Dean shook his head and was itching to touch that stomach hovering above him. He just
He can scarcely believe it himself. Sammy’s going to be a dad.
then?”
“That fire you had that night... I didn’t imagine that, right? Where did you get it from?”
He scanned the bottles and told them their total. They all threw some change in his hands and he counted it carefully. He didn’t want to make a mistake and get Nora in trouble. They were getting impatient. He gave them back their change, roughly about fifty cents. They guy shook his head and told him to keep it. Castiel smiled and told him thank you.
“Dean!” chirped the other man over the speaker.
You’re not perfect for me, but you
So he smiled. Not his cocky, charming grin, no. Castiel wouldn’t want that. Dean couldn’t stop the tears, but he smiled. Castiel smiled back and he was shining. Dean closed the lid and he kept smiling and the very last moment.
“Cas,” he whispers.
Eileen nods.
He has to die to wake up.
is not fixing it!”
He doesn’t remember why he was ever afraid of this.
Castiel smiled brightly and dashed forward to grab Sam’s hands. “Let’s go then!”
Sam pointed to the street they were on. Edgar nodded and looked at it very intensively. He began walking all across the map and they all decided not to pay him any further mind.
Castiel doesn’t speak again but Dean can’t stop crying.
“Why not?”
“Where’s Uncle Cas?”
“You’re so useless,” he whispered lovingly into Cas’ hair.
But now –
“Yes, Jack,” you respond then because you know he was waiting for you to say something.
Sam looked at him and nodded. “Whatever Castiel did, I’m feeling perfectly fine.”
The man went over to Sam and pulled his head back by his hair. Sam blinked awake groggily. There was some blood on his face but overall, he seemed to be fine. “Sam!”
“What was the ingredient?”
Sam shook his head.
“Hello, Maria,” he greets her.
There is a low keening noise and Dean doesn’t know what to make of it.
What if – what if I was created by something else?
At the end of a long, long life, Dean opens his eyes.
You’re perfect, it’s not your fault and you deserve happiness.
Sam laughs and Dean slaps him on the shoulder.
Dean’s eyes swept the room. There were three guys just lying on the floor. He hadn’t even noticed them before. What happened? Where did they come from? Did – did Castiel take them out? Dean didn’t understand.
“I have some in the back, but I don’t know if I should hang them up. It’s gonna be a few hours still until official opening, you know?”
Castiel’s hands were warm on his back. “It won’t happen again,” Castiel said. “But,” Sam started to interrupt.
“Goodbye,” he rasps and his eyes become frantic. “Where,” he says and starts coughing.
“If you could bring Sam back, what would you be willing to give?”
Dean leans forward and presses his forehead against Goo. It feels gross, but this is
They stop but Dean doesn’t open his eyes just yet. He can’t really hear the birds anymore but that’s not so bad. He doesn’t miss them, because he feels closer to them than ever before. He’s still holding hands with the man. Dean steps closer to him.
Dean shakes his head. He doesn’t know. David had been flirting with him for about two months now and Dean
“We bought a house,” Sam says two months later. Dean just nods. It was inevitable and he’s happy for them. He smiles.
When they entered the Roadhouse, a loud cheer quickly assaulted their ears. Sam blushed and tried to hide his face but the Roadhouse’s owner, Ellen, wouldn’t have it. She came over and hugged him tightly, telling him how proud she was.
Maria nods with a solemn expression on her face. She knows about Uncle Cas’ bad days. She shouldn’t be too loud on these and she has to understand that he might not want to play as much with her. She loves Uncle Cas. She wouldn’t tell this to anyone because she knows Uncle Dean would be upset, but Uncle Cas is her favourite. There’s a glow about him that she can’t explain to anyone, but it draws her to him.
“Someone’s already excited, hm?”
Maybe you can be selfish and ask for one last kiss.
He couldn’t see.
Today, Castiel wore glasses. He didn’t wear them every day, just on occasion and Dean wondered if he simply put them on “for style.” He didn’t seem to miss them when he didn’t have them on, so that might really be the reason. They fit him, though. To be fair, everything seemed to fit Castiel.
Castiel cradled his wrist against his chest and shook his head. “No but at least he’s asleep now. How is it going?”
He can hear their chirping so much better here and there’s also the soft rattling of the leaves in the wind. It sounds a bit like a lullaby and it reminds him of home but he doesn’t remember why. They moved after Sammy had been born, maybe his first home had been close to a forest? Could be. Maybe. Possibly. But then again, it hardly matters anyway. He’s here now and the noises soothe his soul in a way he didn’t know he needed.
Castiel’s eyes darkened. There was a crackle at his hands.
Dean nodded. Yeah, he should do that. Sam was probably wondering where he had been for so long. Castiel kissed him and then left him for a second. Dean was catching his breath and then slowly stood up. He looked over to Castiel’s bed and he saw the stain he left there. Knowing it was Castiel’s bed made him feel a bit possessive. He should start leaving clothes here just so that Cas could wear them for others to see. Yeah, he should do that.
Dean sighed. The bird had peanuts stored in a little box on the ground – easy enough for him to get himself, but he was lazy and wanted to be given treats. Dean bent down and retrieved a peanut for the greedy bird who devoured the thing almost immediately.
“No,” the bird said. “Cas here.”
“Maybe it fell off, no?”
Rowena bid them farewell as well and Dean and Sam went back into their home. Dean couldn’t stop holding Sam’s arm.
The door wasn’t locked. Castiel pushed it open just enough for them to slip through. They hadn’t made a sound so far though it was impossible for Dean to tell. All he could hear was his own heartbeat, going ever quicker. It was dark inside the farmhouse; the only light coming from the holes in the roof.
Dean’s standing next to his door, looking over to the open door across from him. Should he go over? Maybe he should wait introducing himself until tomorrow, when the guy moved in? He’s not sure. Dean fondles his keys in his pocket, but he doesn’t pull them out just yet.
He couldn’t have them think he was weird. He couldn’t let them think he was an outcast. If they would confront him, what would he say?
They huddled together and Dean held tight on that trench coat. He didn’t want to sleep, but Cas would watch over him, one last time. He wished they’d had more time. More time to hurt each other again and again; and find each other again and again.
And now, this man – Edgar didn’t like him. He couldn’t say why, it was just a feeling that he had in his gut. Apparently it was doofus’ father. His name was John, as it seemed.  Castiel didn’t seem to like the guy either.
“I love you, Castiel,” he whispers into the wind, but nobody answers.
What if she’s at Darren’s house right now, laughing with him about Dean? What if Darren is man enough to give her what she wants? In truth, he doesn’t really want to think about it. But what –
? He thought they were friends. They were all supposed to be brothers! You didn’t just give up on family!
“Because – because we didn’t fight. I didn’t – I didn’t give her a reason to leave, I think. She just – she just decided that I wasn’t good enough anymore. I’m – I’m never good enough.”
You look at him.
Dean took a deep breath and tried to calm himself. He wanted to last as long as possible. Was Cas going to – going to finger him again? He looked down at his tied-up hands. What would it be like, being tied down proper? Would Cas gag him, blindfold him? He’d be naked, sure. But what about Cas? Would Cas be naked too? Or would he still be wearing his clothes?
of that, Dean?”
Dean looks down. There’s a stone lying on his stomach. It feels oddly warm. He sits up a bit and takes the stone in his hand. It’s filling nicely into his palm, and there’s a blue shimmer to it. It might be more of a crystal than a stone and Dean could get lost staring into it.
He was never meant to return home with them.
Cas was dead.
“Are you hurt somewhere else?”
I wasn’t supposed to get involved. I was supposed to tell you your part in the Apocalypse and then I was – I guess I was supposed to die.  But you were, well,
Rowena looked at the flower from every angle before she returned it. “No, there is no magic in these flowers. Perhaps your brother can take care of plants, after all?”
Eileen moves the blanket aside a bit so that they can take a look at the little bundle of joy. Her face is all scrunched up and she’s just adorable.
but it would take a lot longer. Of course there was no telling in what condition Sam would be in.
He’s breathing hard because there’s nothing here. It’s just dark. How is he supposed to find Cas in all this darkness? This isn’t like tracking down a GPS signal.
Dean doesn’t want Sam to go, not so shortly before the birth of his daughter but he can’t go alone, either. So they’re going to go together. If everything goes well, they don’t have to kill something. After all, whatever monster-killer is out there might not be aware of the impact of what they’re doing.
“Cas,” he says and Cas whimpers.
Castiel is lying on his couch for most of the day. Dean wants to believe that Cas watches him. He enjoys this – being watched by Cas. It had been too long. He couldn’t stop smiling because he’s happy.
From now on, he was unstoppable.
No no no no no no no this isn’t good. It’s not working, it’s not working –
“No. ‘cause what you just said? You’re gonna force yourself, just so I can get a dick to ride on. You know they invented dildos, right? We’re gonna get one. I’m gonna fuck myself on that dildo and you’re gonna tell me how good I look when I come all over myself.”
You remember the bees. It’s been so long since you’ve seen them. You hope they’re doing okay.
It glows brightly and it’s almost too much for Dean to look at. It compels him in the same way it tells him to stay away from it. Where did it come from? Why is it here? What’s it going to do?
“Please, Cas, just leave me alone.” His voice sounded weak even to his own ears.
And maybe you could watch from afar.
Quite a few years ago there was a drug on the market that was all the rage with the people. It seemingly came out of nowhere and it promised highs no other drugs could give you. It ravaged the black market within hours and posed to be a serious problem to drug lords. There seemed to be no supply routes, no providers, nothing. This drug just dropped out of the sky and spread throughout all the major cities.”
It’s cruel of you.
“I am Edgar. Edgar needs your help.”
Sam shoves him playfully. “You’re such a dick.”
Castiel took a deep breath and stood up. Edgar sat lazily on the edge of the couch and was seemingly dozing off. Apparently the coffee hadn’t helped that much.
Sam shook his head. “No, I just – I just had a question. How long do your flowers last, given the proper care? And how long do they live if you don’t really care for them at all?”
You don’t want him moving on without you.
He almost started crying again.
They hadn’t told Castiel to dress in any particular way so they had to expect the worst, according to Dean. They honked in front of the store and shortly after, Castiel left the house armed with an, admittedly, nice sweater and some work pants. In his hand were three flower crowns with various flowers embedded into them.
“What if it doesn’t work,” he whispered and Castiel closed in, hugging Dean to his chest.
with...
“What,” was all Dean could say. He still held tightly onto Sam but his eyes were glued to Cas.
“We blow on them, Dean. Make a wish and blow. And if we’re lucky, the stars will hear our wish and make it come true.”
It was after twelve now and it was dark. He had turned off the TV and now there was just quiet music playing. He didn’t know if it was a radio station or not.
“Tell me what to do.”
I care about you, Dean, I care about you greatly. I want you to be happy, and your happiness doesn’t lie with me.”
You think about the ball-pebble that never existed and that was important to you.
“Last couple days actually. Yesterday was the worst; he wouldn’t even get out of bed. The day before that, he spent almost all day puking into the toilet. But he’s getting better now, I think. It’s just – I know that he’s sick. I know that these days happen and that they’ll happen again, it just – it just fucking scares me, y’know? Knowing that there’s nothing I can do, no spell to find to cure him or anything – it just makes me feel so helpless.”
And maybe Dad had something like that. Dean wondered if that thing was kind of like a job, but then he wondered what they’d put down as their business. Cas had said they kind of existed only to capture him. To be cleared as a business there would have needed to be some official permit, right? Dean couldn’t imagine them being able to pay off the officials but what did he know?
“Whatever we want,” Dean replies and they drive away.
You’re stronger than the Empty, Cas. It cannot defeat you.
Dean jumped a bit and spun around on the spot just to come face-to-face with Castiel. Fuck. He hadn’t noticed the other dude had left. He hadn’t heard Castiel coming over to them, obviously wanting to chastise them both. Damn, the dude had no sense for personal space
“We’ll find her, Sammy,” he says and Sam tries to smile.
“Cas, Cas,
With shaky legs, Dean walks over to the one that says “Castiel Winchester” on it and opens it. He takes a deep breath and pulls the gurney out. He closes his eyes. He doesn’t want to look. He doesn’t want to see Cas all pale; all dead. He doesn’t think he could take it.
He didn’t understand. Why wasn’t his cage open? They weren’t in that stupid car anymore. Castiel could’ve let him out right? Edgar rattled at the door. He
Dean stood up again and squared his shoulders. He smiled at his mother and gave her a wink. He hoped she’d wish him luck because hell knows he’d need it. He turned away to the path and made his way back to the entrance. There weren’t any other people here today – come to think of it, he hadn’t seen anyone tending to the graves. It was probably the rain. The rain was usually the culprit.
Sam noticed that Castiel spend more and more time at their place. Dean seemed happier for it, at least. If his brother tended to walk a bit stiffly at times then Sam gladly ignored that fact and certainly did not waste any thoughts on it.
“Tell me. Say it, Dean, loud and clear.”
“Wanna see you,” came out of Dean’s mouth before he could think twice about it.
Why did Father abandon us?
“We were drunk, he and I. He tried to have sex with me for months, and on that day, I was drunk enough to give in. He was a terrible dancer, you know, and he grinded up on me all night. I could feel his dick through his pants and if he could’ve, he would’ve taken me right in the bar in front of everyone.”
I can live without you. It’ll be empty and cold and sad, but I
Dean snorted and reaffirmed Castiel’s grab on his hand and turned him in the right direction. “Castiel, I’d like you to meet a very special friend... Baby.”
“But I want to try,” Dean says and lifts his head. Castiel is looking at him.
Lisa is gone.
When Dean woke up this morning, the flower was still hanging on. It had lost more petals during the night, but right now, it’s still alive.
Castiel removed himself and Dean almost followed him, but he
Dean didn’t quite know how it happened, but here he was, with Cas sitting in his lap still kissing. Castiel was fully in charge and Dean didn’t quite know what to do with it – how to act. He was used to being in charge of, well, everything and it was scaring him a bit; how easy it was to just give up control.
Cas isn’t used to being sick and somewhere deep down Dean thinks he remembers. Cas needs to be useful. And on these days, he’s not useful at all. But Dean doesn’t know how to tell Cas that it’s okay. He doesn’t know how to make Cas understand that he doesn’t have to be useful. No words that Dean could come up with seem good enough for him. So he stays silent and he knows it’s not the right thing to do.
Did Dean know? Did Castiel tell Dean about the customer who accused him of illegal magic-use? And did Dean make the connection? He started to sweat a bit and wasn’t capable of any other action. Dean frowned a bit, but before his brother could say something, Rowena stepped forward.
But Dean does. He just can’t say it. If he did, then – then what would John say? Dad would judge him for this. Dad would call him a girl; and a fairy; and tell Dean that Dad hadn’t raised a gay son.
Castiel huffed and put his hands on his hips. “He’s just a bird, Dean!”
Now he did.
Dean closes his eyes.
chose to wear a tan trench coat. Honestly, Dean was glad it wasn’t a sweater vest this time, but he was pretty sure it had been up for consideration. “You, uh... you look good.”
needed you! I’ve been just too nice to let you stay all this time, you hear me? But this ends here, alright? It’s over, Castiel. If you come back, I will personally get rid of you. You don’t deserve anything, Castiel and I hope your asshole angel brothers exile you to the furthest desert and let you rot there in all eternity. I’m done with you. And now please excuse me while I try to save the world you want to see burn.”
Sam frowned. What did she mean? To him, she looked like she always did – hair perfectly done, sparkling dress, fingernails manicured and a bright-red lipstick. She looked over at him and sighed deeply.
Well, so much for his heroic moment.
what that was. “Y – Yeah I know, but what – what do you mean?”
awkward.
You should stand up. Because no matter what you would choose, you would need to tell Jack. And until you made up your mind, it would be nice spending more time with him. Seeing him being in good hands would be enough to be able to let him go, right?
Rowena patted his cheek again. Her nails were perfectly manicured and a lovely shade of purple. There was even glitter on them; and they matched her sparkly dress perfectly. She was always incredible fashionable, Sam thought.
Why did He create so many of us, if none of us mattered?
Castiel raised his hand, staring intently at the candle and moved to snap his fingers. He looked almost ethereal, standing in front of a window, turned away from them, with his hand raised. He felt Rowena step closer and he knew she stared at the candle as hard as he did.
“I’m not useful to him right now, so that’s why he sent me away.”
It had been raining for four days now.
“It’s a soul,” Jack says, “well, at least as much as I can make.”
“I’d rather have something that’s here than something I could never possibly reach.”
“Okay, you can look now.”
The man smiles the brightest smile that Dean’s ever seen.
There was just Sam, slumped forward in his chair.
“You can make him want to leave, Dean. He thinks you’re better off without him, and you need to
“Dean!”
“I heard you, I did, I swear. But Dean, I can’t fix the Empty. So I
They never go to Dabb’s Pie Festival.
“You’re not broken,” Dean says and Castiel puts his hand on Dean’s arm.
He doesn’t know why he comes back.
He wondered if the flowers were still waiting.
“Because in the end, it was always meant to belong to you. In the end, you were always meant to come here.”
His heart hurt. Everything hurt.
“You need to understand that once the body has had magic it will forever crave it. It doesn’t matter if the magic is your own or has been infused into you. The body wants it and the only thing you can do is to supply that need. Mages recover their magic naturally so at the worst they might be a little tired after a big spell but they will never run into the danger of running empty and killing themselves that way. Non-magic humans are a different manner, of course. Their bodies don’t produce magic naturally so if they are ever infused with it they need an external supply for the rest of their life. As I’ve said if the body is deprived of magic it will die. So whoever handed out that drug poisoned people with magic and effectively killed them with it. You
“they’re gone. It’s okay now. Can you breathe for me?”
Now he was just being an arrogant prick. “Cas, please, man, fuck.”
Castiel looked at him. He looked ashamed. “To make it short, it – I ... it’s a bit more complicated than that, but I just swallowed Sam’s death. I will explain more later. Let us go?”
Dean nodded. They exchanged a chaste kiss and then Castiel disappeared into the shop, shooing the bird away from Marian. Dean smiled and drove home.
. He hadn’t even known such a thing existed. “You like them?” Edgar asked and Castiel nodded enthusiastically. “They are
“I’m sorry I wasn’t good enough last time. I’m sorry that I wasn’t able to bring you back. You deserve more than me and I’ll never understand why your dumb ass fell in love with me. Jack became God, y’know? You were right about him. I’m just – I’m so sad you’ll never get to experience the world now. You should’ve gotten the chance to say good-bye to him and I... I...
They returned their shoes and the owner nodded at Castiel. “You come back”, he started and Dean already knew where this was going, “you get free drinks.” Oh. Well, that was unexpected. Castiel smiled and nodded.
“Okay. Now listen. This might go wrong, okay? But no worries, nothing can happen, both Rowena and I are here. So, now, I want you to focus on the wick, and the wick alone, alright? Light it.
He let go of Dean’s and Jack’s hand. “Go. I’ll come in a little bit.”
fall down. Magic is the same. Whatever I want
The Voice in its head. It wanted to find the owner. It believed that the glimpses came from that voice. And It simply had to know more. It wanted to see for itself. It just had to see the world behind the Door. The Voice would help It. It looked over to The Window.
Jack shakes his head.
“Can we come over?”
He’s safe.
Castiel heard the proposal and he thought about it. He could buy a pillow for fifty bucks. But he thought about April and he never wanted to do this again.
Divinity, Cas had called them.
“What do you fear would happen?”
He turns to his side and looks at Cas. The angel looks so relaxed in his sleep and Dean gently pats his hair. Cas mumbles a bit and burrows closer to Dean as if to seek warmth. Dean puts his free arm around him and pulls him as close as possible, tucking the angel under his chin.
, he’d say.
brought his gun, but he wasn’t really confident about using it.
But Sam probably hated him. He just didn’t understand why. Sam forgave so easily.
But Dean didn’t want him.
“..hello?”
Dean’s hand wandered to Castiel’s pants and opened the belt and pulled down the zipper. Fuck. Now he just had to get the fucking pants off and he’d finally get some real relief. Fuck, he could almost
Sam put a hand on Cas’ shoulder. “Cas, I... I’m going to miss you.” That was all? Castiel turned to Sam and hugged him – Dean hated that he let go of his hand for that.
What if they fired him?
We really did meet in the middle, huh?
Sam follows behind.
“Rowena, you
Castiel slowly opened his eyes and smiled at him before looking down.
It’s empty. These words mean nothing. Dean hangs his head.
No matter what, you were there. You were there for me and Sam when nobody else was. You stayed by your side since the very beginning and you overturned everything you believed in because you started to believe in me. You had faith in
Forever couldn’t end. It couldn’t end
Castiel didn’t make it far from the Bunker before his cries shook his whole body.
Dean sobs loudly and starts to cry. He doesn’t know what to do. He doesn’t know what to do.
“I can’t bring him back,” Jack says and Dean knows. That’s why he didn’t ask back then. Cas was gone; and the Empty held the angel forever now. It’s okay. Dean would learn to live with this hole in his heart.
“Dean,” Jack says and Dean’s eyes snap to him. He’s holding out his hands.
Castiel didn’t need to know how difficult it was to even light the stupid wick and not the whole house. He saw Castiel nod and then he stared ahead, concentrating on a single blade of grass. He could do it. It would light on fire and the rest of it would stay perfectly unburned. He could do this. The magic vibrated in his fingertips, eager to comply with his commands.
Sam started shaking and redrew within himself. He barely remembered it. On bad nights he could hear the screams and they wouldn’t leave him alone. “Don’t tell Dean,” he whispered. Dean didn’t know that Sam dreamt of this.
Castiel poked the wick and tilted his head. “Light it,” he whispered quietly to himself. He stepped away from the candle and turned back to them. Sam just watched him. He wasn’t sure what he was waiting for, but nevertheless, he was waiting for it.
Jack smiles brightly and holds his hand up in a wave. “Bye, Dean,” he says and disappears.
The ceremony itself goes over without a hitch even though Sam almost breaks down crying twice. Dean was expecting more, if he’s honest. Maybe Sammy practised with Cas – apparently Cas is the solution to every problem.
“Of course, Dean.”
“Castiel busy! Want a flower?”
Dean and Jack didn’t want to leave, so Sam took both their hands and led them away. They would probably get the car. Edgar had left Jack’s shoulder and now sat atop Castiel’s.
He lifted his fingers and picked out a blade. It would burn, and nothing else.
Castiel nodded. “I tried to distract you. Don’t get me wrong, I can fuck you if you want. If you want, you can fuck me, too. But – I’ll not take any pleasure from it. I know it’s weird and it’s quite alright if you don’t want to see me anymore –“
He should wait. He should wait before he called Castiel. It was just an hour later, but he couldn’t sleep and – fuck it, he dialled Cas’ number.
Cas would be proud of him. Dean has a job. It’s not a great job, but it’s a job outside the life. In time, he’ll make friends, too.
But now that it was gone?
“Rowena gave it to me, a bit ago. We were talking about you being worried and she said I could use that for motivational purposes.”
the magic in your fingertips, and transfer it to the candle.”
Rowena barely looked up when Castiel came tip-toeing out of Dean’s room. He wasn’t carrying the plate he brought in anymore but she still doubted that the foolish, useless bed-boy ate his food.
“Are you faggots done using the alley?”
He’s got blue eyes, and there’s a flower in his hair.
“Yes. Yes, I’m being good.”
feel a bit bad for leaving Castiel standing there like he did, but he had no real choice.
“Nobody would ever love a dysfunctional angel,” Castiel says and Dean’s almost there.
“Get some sleep now, sweetie, in the morning we shall go rescue our dear Samuel.”
didn’t seem to be the right expression for that, but maybe it was the most appropriate?
“Maybe you’ll be a small guy forever. Maybe that’s just who you are. I can’t fix your brain. I can’t turn back time. I can only go forward, y’know? And all I can try is to stay by your side and help you.”
Nobody had expected the fireball that came out of nowhere. Nobody had expected a spell that held them in place. Nobody of them had expected to die.
at Cas, after what he did?
Sam looked around. He didn’t really want a flower. “Are you in charge of the shop? I could just bribe you with peanuts.”
When they find her, he should ask Eileen to dye her hair green. That would make her easier to find, at least.
“What if I hadn’t come here?”
Castiel just nodded and looked back up to Dean. “I didn’t know cars had genders.”
“I can help
This again. This voice again. Always it came; and always it suppressed the rage. He didn’t know why. A lifetime of rage, and it could be subdued with a word. He wondered if the door would withstand the fire. He needed to see. He needed to know. He knew he never would and, as such, the fire would forever burn.
Rowena was silent. “We’ll see,” she replied and Dean knew her good enough now to know that meant “no”. Well, fuck. They should’ve brought tools. Somehow he doubted that there’d be a hole in the fence no matter how much he wished for one.
And someday, he’ll man up enough to actually say these words. He just needs a little bit longer. And Cas is here to stay. Dean’ll work up the courage he needs and then it’ll be alright.
Yes. Yes, oh fuck yes, he would.
Dean sighs. “Why am I being set up?”
“Is Edgar okay with you staying away for so long?” Sam asked one time and Castiel just shrugged. “He has enough food and water for a day. If he chooses to stuff himself then I can’t help him.” And that had been that.
he had to consider; things like food or water or shelter or hygiene. Things he never had to consider before. And the fact that he needed to blend in now. He
Dean had asked if he’d be interested in meeting Castiel. And since his brother had been so flustered, of course Sam said yes. He hadn’t really asked him for specifics about this man – if he had Dean smitten, Sam just
Should he talk about how he embedded a little bit of himself into the child just to save it?
Castiel frowned. He stood up and he stepped close to the first guy – Castiel felt so small somehow, Dean forgot that the dude was actually really tall. And he was more of a man than Dean could ever be.
description, you don’t get to touch it. If you do anything I don’t allow you to do, you will be punished, you hear?”
“Just tell me when and where, and I’ll be there.”
Castiel, to his credit, didn’t blush or flinch. He just bowed his head a bit and replied in kind.
I still don’t know. I want to find whoever made you feel like you can’t stand up for yourself; like you’re some lesser version of a human. And I also don’t know how to make you stand up straight. I’ve tried to figure it out but I can’t. I wanted to fix you but after you were gone I realised that there was nothing for me to fix. You’re not an engine.”
she had said.
He didn’t hear the chair scrape on the floor but then he felt two warm hands on his face. He opened his eyes and stared into Castiel’s face. “Hush, little one,” he said. His voice was strangely soothing.
Okay, Castiel needed to
but he hadn’t known what that meant. He never used to sweat before. It was disgusting.
, Cas. It was always you and I’m sorry. I’m so sorry I never told you. I’m so sorry that I made you think you didn’t matter and that you were expendable.
“The stuff Cas told us, about the – about these Men of Letters or whatever. Is it that? Are you saying
They liked him. They did their best for him.
was able to hit, they should be able to do so too, right?
They just need a little more time.
Dean shrugged and tried pulling Cas back down, but failed. The man was made out of steel if he wanted to. “I don’t know, just grew up I guess.”
It took them a thirty-minute drive to the lot. As expected, it was sealed with a metal fence. Dean guessed that the wire atop of it was electrified. The place seemed really big as the actual building was a small thing in the back of it.
Castiel smiled brightly. “Dean called me. I’m so happy for you Sam!”
You move your head and look.
Eileen is beautiful when she walks down the aisle. Sam next to him exhales and has the biggest smile on his stupid face.
So they waited. And if it’d be forever, they would wait.
Castiel was so pretty. He had
“Cas! Be careful, that’s –“
Two weeks pass and Dean tries. He wants to drink, but he doesn’t. He wants to hole up in his room, but he takes Miracle on walks instead. Cas would be proud of him, taking care of himself. And in time, he would be able to get out further. Get a job, get new friends. In time, Dean would get there. He prays to Cas every night and somewhere in his heart he hopes that Cas can still hear him. It gives him comfort.
to be submissive for Castiel and he wasn’t even afraid of admitting it – to Cas, at least. “Yes,” he breathed.
Castiel put the flower back to its siblings and shrugged. “He’s been telling me about his new neighbour and what pretty hair he has. I’ve seen enough lovely dopey looks to recognise them.”
Dean prayed to him every waking second.
of flowers and Castiel was mesmerised. All of them were
Sam had been in here, but Dean could barely remember what had been said. Sam knew. In what words, he didn’t remember, but he had told - had told Sam what had happened. And now Jack. Jack wanted to know.
. Maybe this is a story we can choose for ourselves.
, anyway. He’s the one to bring her flowers. Dad moved away after she died, so it’d be hard for him to bring flowers to his wife’s grave. And as the older brother, it was his duty to care for Mom. And Sam really had to focus on his magic exam. Dean wouldn’t want to rip him away from that – and it wasn’t like Sam never came to the graveyard. He sighed.
What if Father never made me?
He’s in love with Castiel.
“Castiel?”
The flower didn’t answer. But he thought that maybe the flower leaned a bit closer to him. He stroked a petal and vowed to do the best he could.
The bird pointed downwards with his beak and looked at Sam expectantly. Sam never knew how smart birds could be. He bent down and retrieved a nut for the bird. Edgar flapped his wings again and happily took the peanut.
Sam is happy. It’s so easy to see on his face. It feels good. They got a win. They got a final win and Sam could finally have the white picket-fence that he deserves. And Dean would cope. Dean would just cope. Sam and Eileen would have babies and Dean could be the cool uncle.
“Fucking can it, Cas! We don’t need you! We’ve
If only he could do
Castiel frowned a bit, and looked at the candle. He went over to it and inspected the object, always throwing questioning looks to his fingers as if he expected something to happen. Sam didn’t offer any more advice – after all, that’s all that Rowena gave him the first time. Rowena also didn’t add anything.
There was a low thump coming from his right. They all turned their heads and they saw Castiel lying on the floor, motionless. “Cas?”
“Yes, she is,” Cas replies a little quieter. He has her sitting on his lap and he has a flower in his hair. Apparently Maria was supposed to give that to her mom but she had decided that it was for Cas, so now he was wearing the flower. It does fit him, Dean thinks.
“N-no.”
The magic wouldn’t leave his fingertips and he didn’t know why. Images of a burning field kept spooking around in his head and he was afraid that’s what would happen.
Dean stops.
The flower shop looked the same as it always did. Of course, why would it have changed? Still, Sam felt different. They got out of the car and went inside. As Sam looked over to the counter, he found Castiel, who seemed to be busy over some papers. Maybe he was ordering new flowers or thinking about an order he’s gotten. Edgar was oddly quiet and when Sam glanced at the bird he saw that Edgar was sleeping.
. He searched for Cas’ hand and squeezed it. This couldn’t be happening. Surely, Sam would bust in the room any second and proclaim he’d found a cure. But Sam never came. Castiel kept looking at him with these unwavering eyes. He’d miss those most of all. He scooted closer to Cas and hugged him tight – it was weird while they were laying down, but what did it matter? What did anything matter anymore?
It took him a moment to gather his thoughts after. Castiel had already packed their things by the time Dean became a useful member of society again. Dean dressed himself as best he could – these clothes would need washing. Cas reached for his hand and they made their way to the car again. Originally, Dean had planned to say goodbye to Mom, but he wasn’t going to go there now. What would she think? No, no, better not to risk it.
There were fingers ghosting over his hole and Dean’s breath hitched. The fingers were probing and he swallowed. “Please,” he whimpered. Castiel pressed one finger down on his hole without entering and Dean wiggled his ass a bit. He felt obscene, begging for it like this, but he couldn’t get himself to really give a flying fuck.
“You’re being very bad, Dean.”
“No!” Edgar screamed. “Castiel gone! The Father gone! The Father took Castiel! Help! Help!”
Dean whimpered and shifted in his seat. Calling Cas had been a bad idea. He did
He served Sam his sandwich and Sam dutifully ate it. “Rowena always said that there was something about Castiel,” Sam said between bites. Dean didn’t know how to respond to that. Something about Castiel? Yes, he noticed that too but to him it hadn’t been something magical. “You should rest up, Sam,” he says instead.
That was a new voice. Castiel lifted his head to look. The owner of the voice was a boy and Edgar was sitting calmly on his shoulder. Something – somehow this boy seemed familiar. “Who are you?”
He’s in an onion field and he stands up.
“Hello, Dean.”
Fuck. He sounded even better over the phone and Dean realised that maybe Cas had already gone to bed. “Cas,” he just said, because that’s all he could think about.
“I know, buddy. The doctor’s said it might take a while for them to recover.”
“We just want to get Sam out,” Castiel added. “If he’s tied to the chair then we’re going to take the chair too. If we’re lucky they won’t even be around right now. Let’s be quick and quiet and then we can all go home.”
“Dean,” he says and Dean’s by his side in a flash. “I want. I want to see Jack.”
But that’s quite alright.
It deserved to be protected.
He doesn’t scream when Lucifer punches him through the gut, but Dean does. He can’t move.
He thought about the flower crown he left behind on the table.
“How are we coming along?” he asks her and she rubs her stomach.
,” he ordered the boy and Sam did.
He took his date’s hand and dragged him across the graveyard. Castiel was a bit slow, for some reason, but didn’t resist the drag. “Cas, I want to introduce you to my mom, Mary Winchester. Mom, this is Cas.”
There was just a roof.
It was blue.
There’s this guy. David. He’s nice, yeah? He kissed me a few months ago and – I don’t know. It wasn’t bad, but it wasn’t – it wasn’t you. But I wanted to try. You’d want me to be happy, to find a partner that’ll love me and – I wanted to try. So I asked him out, Cas. He’s a nice guy. He makes jokes and he likes Baby and he likes Pizza and he even indulges me on my cowboy fetish. Remember when I made you wear that hat? Those were good times, Cas. Anyway, I – we, we had, uh... we had sex. It was just one time, but well, it – I don’t know. It wasn’t bad, I think – I don’t really know, I’ve never done it before, but – it was alright. It was just okay and I’ve told him as much and he looked at me and said
Edgar roused from sleep then because that was
“Cas,” is the only thing Dean is really capable of saying and every time he does, he feels like Cas’ eyes snap in his direction at least a little. That’s good, right? That’s some sort of response and that’s good. They’ll figure it out. They always do. Team Free Will was together again and they could tackle everything.
Why did the stars exist, if only to die? I didn’t want them to be lost and so I collected them. I found them in the void and I took them with me for I thought I might find a purpose within them. And in time, they started finding me. I became their haven, their destination.
The sudden voice drags him out of his daydream. Dean blinks and looks up, not even really registering what the guy had said. He’s sitting at a disadvantage but the new guy seems to be about as tall as Dean himself. Dean can’t see much against the light that shines from behind the guy.
“Then we’ll fail together.”
Then there’s a hand on your face.
Dean shot up from bed, “What?!”
Dean barely understands the doctor. Castiel is filled up with that black goo stuff – his lungs, his stomach, everything. Jack still doesn’t show. Cas is dying, again, and Jack doesn’t care. It’s almost like there’s no change at all.
“I love Cas,” Dean says toneless into the dark room and is instantly overcome by anxiety. Somehow, even after all these years, he expects John to bust through the door and expose him and nail him to the cross or something.
As it turns out, Castiel sees the world vastly different than Dean. Dean’s no art critic, nor could he detect a masterpiece in the making but to him, Cas’ pieces feel alive. There is a certain aspect to them.
Castiel tilted his head like a bird and stepped a bit forward. He didn’t let go of Dean’s hand, and Dean really liked that. He reached out with his hand, but didn’t touch the car; he just sort of hovered over it. “It looks really nice. You must take good care of it.”
The pull was so strong in its chest. Castiel... The Voice didn’t have a name. And even if this Castiel wasn’t The Voice, once It found The Voice it would be proud, right? So It nodded. “Okay. I’ll help. How?”
There was too much in Dean’s head. Sam died. And then he didn’t. And then Cas died. And then he didn’t.
“He’s sick, Sammy,” he rasps and Sam’s expression softens. He walks over to the bed and feels Cas’ temperature.
It’s not Cas.
Find me on tumblr
“Cas,” he breathed, “please. Please I wanna come, please –“
“Wake up, stupid Dean!”
“Edgar said. Castiel busy!”
So there is a case here, huh? After the entire God thing, a normal case would be really nice. And the pie contest sounds incredibly tempting. It almost sounds too normal and Dean almost wants to pull over. It’s been a long time since he’s had some pie.
Sam turned around. “No. We just told him we’d come visit. If he knew what happened, he’d freak out and we don’t really need that, you know?”
Damn, that man was too good to be true. “Hey, Cas, listen,” he started, but he didn’t really keep talking. Did he want to? He hadn’t known Cas for
Castiel’s tongue laved at his rim as he reached around and gave Dean’s balls a firm squeeze. Dean wasn’t sure what drove him to orgasm: that or the mental image of him riding Cas. He came, all over their nice picnic blanket.
Sam looked over to Rowena who had started pestering the bird. She was clearly not interested in helping. “How? I mean, that’s not exactly usual, is it? Most flowers I’ve ever seen start to wilt after about two weeks. Do you – do you use magic or something?”
setting the carpet on fire, why don’t we?”
He stopped pacing.
Dean whimpered.
“Anyway,” Castiel continued, aiming his next words at Sam, “I hear you have magic, yes? You must know, I’m very interested in magic; it’s just so fascinating to me. I have none, you see, and I’d really like it if you could maybe show me something? I don’t want to be presumptuous, but I’d appreciate anything you’d be willing to show me.”
He wonders – who had it been? Who had held his hand like this and why did he let them go?
The Father squeezed him tighter. It started to hurt.
Did Dad know?
Castiel nodded and got up. He walked over to the living room table and plucked something from there.
“Samuel, you can’t expect anything less than the best from me now can you?”
There was no mouth, just tongue and Dean didn’t think he’d last very long. He wanted to hear Cas talk to him; tell him how good he was. Blindly, he reached down, looking for Cas’ head. He found it easily enough and he grabbed a few strands of hair. It made him feel better.
. The point is, Cas, I
Also he was lucky no one could read his thoughts because he didn’t ever say “cute” out loud or even
Cas turns his head.
It’s not his fault.
“Sammy,” he whimpered. He reached out with his hand to brush a wayward strand of hair from his brother’s face. He looked up to Rowena who was kneeling on the other side of Sam. Why was she holding her shoulder? It didn’t even matter.
to help him; they
He flipped over to the side. “So good, Dean,” Castiel whispered close to his ears and he removed the belt from his wrists, kissing the faint mark they left behind. Dean watched Castiel and realised he’s never repaid the man any favour. He should do that.
“So good for me. Close your eyes, would you?”
Dean gets up and walks over to the window. It’s another nice day. Maybe he should visit the park today. He could hear the birds properly there. Lisa might be coming to pick up her things today though. But then again, she still has her own key and might even prefer not to see him. Love changes, she had said. He wonders what she meant by that.
At some point, he told Sam to leave him alone.
Castiel nodded.
Sam’s a bit upset when Dean calls him. He’s wanted to see Jack too, and he’s also worried about the hospital staff. Nobody’s called Dean yet so Dean has hope that Jack made them forget.
Someone else takes care of the monster.
Dean almost spilled his coffee. “Holy shit Cas, warn a man would you?”
“Only if you bring the dog. I don’t think Cas has properly met her yet and that’s a crime.”
So naturally, Edgar cawed at him really loudly. Anyone that Castiel didn’t like, Edgar hated. If not for the bars of his cage, he would’ve attacked the man already. To his great dismay, this Dad didn’t even flinch.
“My name’s Dean,” Dean says.
Castiel squeezes Jack’s hand. “All I ever wanted,” he rasps, “is for you to be happy.”
Had Dad just been okay with Sam potentially dying?
“Of course,” Cas replies, “come on, Miracle.”
“There should be balloons,” Eileen pipes up and Dean sighs deeply.
For that, I’ll forever be grateful. I was right. There was a better way and they were proven wrong. I’m – maybe I’m still defective. Maybe I’ll always be wrong, and broken, and useless. But if that’s who I am, then – then so be it.
Nobody would want to hire Cas – first, Cas didn’t even properly exist. And second; there would be too many days where Cas would have to stay at home. Any employer would only allow so many sick days and Dean is afraid of sending Cas to a therapist.
You wake up somewhere vastly different. But you don’t know what it’s different from. You feel like you had a dream, but you can’t quite remember. Where have you been before? Just before, a few seconds ago? You can’t have forgotten already. But you can’t remember. Somehow, it makes you upset. It feels like a thought that slipped out of your hand at just the last second.
“Mama so pretty!” Maria proclaims loudly while clapping her hands.
It’s a field you’re standing in. There is nothing here, but the grass around your feet. You don’t wonder how you ever got here – here you begin and here you end, so there is no question to be answered. The sky is high above you, and the wind is howling through the meadow. You don’t have a jacket, but you’re not cold. Maybe it is summer, but you don’t wonder. You look up and there they are – overhead is full of stars; sparkling and shining in all their glory. They are all here – like they belong, and you are down here, the one lone human gazing up. The wind carries you away and you let yourself fall.
It’s okay though. She deserves to be happy, so it’s okay.
“You’ve always been worth the world, Cas,” Dean says and his lip quivers. Castiel puts a finger on it.
This, right here, is where he’s meant to be.
And where would Dad even keep that stuff? In his room, maybe? But that sort of required Dad to have that stuff in the first place and given how paranoid he was that might very likely not be the case. He wondered if Cas had recognised Dad. If he had, why hadn’t he said anything? Maybe Cas had truly believed Dad wouldn’t do anything or he hadn’t been sure or he hadn’t wanted to trouble Dean with it.
“I’ll watch over him,” Castiel says and it’s just one more step.
“Do you really have to ask? Castiel, I thought you’d be smarter than that.”
And maybe you don’t have to understand.
They sit down and Dean lowers himself to the ground. There is softness to the tree crowns and the man is quietly sitting next to him.
Castiel sighed dramatically and followed Dean. He noticed that Cas bent down to pick a few dandelions from the ground. He wasn’t blowing on them though, instead he collected a bunch, carefully carrying them. While they were still in the graveyard, his walking speed was still somewhat slow but as soon as they left the premises he sped up again. If Dean cared, he’d try to understand, but as things were he just accepted it as a thing that was what it was.
His heart was so full, and all because of Dean. He almost wanted to ask Sam to drive so that Dean could sit in the backseat with him but he didn’t dare. Dean got a blanket out of the trunk and wrapped Castiel in it. Castiel could only stare at Dean with big eyes. He felt so warm. It felt like his emotions had finally found a home. The blanket felt like Dean’s hug.
Castiel was gone forever.
both of them were right, but he didn’t want to
Dean snuggles up next to Cas and vows to call Sam tomorrow. They’ll sort it out together. But right now, the only thing that matters is Castiel’s soft breathing and the knowledge that a soul shimmers inside him.
Castiel bopped him on the nose. “That’s a bad idea, Dean.” He leaned forward and kissed him again. Yes, that was nice.
“You want to fuck me.”
Why am I, of all the angels, the only one that’s cracked?
It was a long road, getting here, and even now he could scarcely believe it.
Sam agreed to meet Castiel, and the day after, it’d be so. Dean was nervous, and he wasn’t even sure why. He’s told Cas that he’d pick him up after work and his hands were sweating already. Castiel knew that Sam was magic and surprisingly to Dean, Cas was very excited about that. Excitement over magic was relatively rare, since it was everywhere.
No Cas and no coffee? Hell would freeze over before he’d go and wake up Rowena.
“Cas,” Sam says and smiles at him. Cas looks up at Sam and blinks slowly.
His friend turned his head to him and Dean still believed he could be saved. Even if he could barely see Castiel in these blue eyes anymore, he still believed the angel could be saved. He had to. Nobody else believed in it anymore and he wasn’t ready to give up.
Dean leaned over and kissed his man’s cheek. “That ain’t gonna happen, Cas. Dude, I had a killer orgasm just from you talking to me. And hey, you haven’t heard that from me, but – intimacy ain’t all about sex. It’s about laying the cards on the table, telling people how you feel, what you want. I can fuck everyone I want, you know, but opening up to them? Nah, that’s not gonna happen. Cas, if anyone ever broke up with you just ‘cause you didn’t wanna have sex, then they were stupid.”
He puts a hand on your face and you wish that what he says is true. You know it’s not but it’s so nice to believe him, even just for a brief second.
Castiel leaned on the handle. It was an accident that he stared down the toilet. Somebody forgot to flush.
Castiel was beaming at him from the kitchen table. He was sitting in front of a stack of pancakes and a cup of coffee. The pancakes looked too good to be made by Castiel so did Rowena make them? He almost couldn’t believe that.
“Do you remember telling me about the bees in the garden? Your eyes light up then, and I got scared. I got scared because you had changed without me being there. And I realised that you didn’t
“I’m Dean,” he says. He’s half-expecting an
Castiel looks at him. Castiel sees him. Dean can’t speak. He doesn’t know how. Castiel smiles.
For the first time in his life, he doesn’t have to depend only on himself.
Sam didn’t answer the boy and just simply shook his head. “Let’s just find Cas and get out of here.”
“Hello, Dean.”
Castiel softly kissed him and Dean was out of breath. “Cas,” he whispered as the man peppered his face with butterfly kisses.
“I want to talk about Jack.”
He arrived at his car in the parking lot and quickly slid in. He shook his umbrella a bit, just to try and get the water off it and put it in the foot space next to him. It wasn’t going to be a long drive, but he was somewhat excited to show off his Baby.
“Dean”, Castiel said again and reached out to his hand, removing it gently from the door. Castiel was still there, in these rare moments. Dean swallowed down, hard, and resisted the urge to hug his friend. He didn’t have the right; he’d never have the right again.
Please.
“I’m bleeding,” he said to Cas and Castiel’s eyes went wide as he looked around in a panic. Dean didn’t understand. Why was he bleeding? He hadn’t been bleeding before. The safety on his gun was on. It couldn’t have been his gun.
Sam groaned. He’s done this a thousand times, it shouldn’t be that difficult. Hell, he shouldn’t even have to practice doing this anymore! He shook his hand in defeat. Rowena wasn’t helping, either. She just sat there, urging him on. She
back. What has been the point? He hadn’t even been able to say it back. Cas deserves better than this.
And he doesn’t know if he wants them with Lisa; or if Lisa really wants them with him.
“Have you been keeping for father up?”
He had been home.
and he still failed. He wished he could do one thing right. He wished that someone
“Okay, Castiel, I’m going to give you a wisp of flame. It’s enough to light a candle. Do you see the candle on the table there? I want you to light the wick of it and nothing else.”
“Hush now,” the man says and Dean takes a breath.
“This entire time he could talk about nothing else but you. Nothing was exciting if he couldn’t tell you. He was screaming blood and murder whenever Sam had to take him away from you.”
He turned back to Dean with a new flower. “But this one’s for you. It’s an Orchid and I hope you’ll like it. His name is Henry, but I think you can call him any name you want.”
Dean was pacing. What took that damn bird so long? What if something happened? Why hadn’t they planned ahead for fuck’s sake? What if the fucking bird was captured or worse, dead? What should they do? Maybe they could throw Rowena over the fence. She was light enough and she’d be able to defend herself.
He heads for the car.
It looked around. It didn’t know what to call this. It always thought the outside would be green. All the brief flashes in its head had suggested there’d be more colour. “You,” croaked a voice next to its ear. It jumped a bit to the side – It had not expected to meet anyone. But there was no one. “Hello?” It called out in a meek voice.
“You. I need you, please.” Now it was his turn to be a whiny bitch. He just hoped Sam wouldn’t hear.
Dean gasped out when he felt a finger at his hole. Yes, Castiel has asked about that but somehow Dean hadn’t believed it would happen. Cas softly kissed his buttocks and Dean calmed down a bit. Castiel kept gently rubbing around his hole until Dean actually pressed against it, wanting more.
It makes no sense.
“You can’t stay.”
He hasn’t really gotten Cas back and now he’s about to lose him again.
get Dean started on those eyes. They are bigger than they have any business being and way too blue to be true. And the worst thing of the whole bunch? Castiel wasn’t even aware of all that. That man literally thought that he was “average-looking” and even that had sounded like it had been a hard conclusion!
Castiel just nodded. He had to get himself under control. Dean looked so different now. He’d never really noticed his eyes, his nose, his lips, his freckles like this. He’s always seen them, but they were clearer now and Castiel wanted to stare at them forever.
He finds a bench and sits down. There’s nothing particular to look at but it soothes him still. He can hear the birds so much clearer now and closes his eyes to enjoy them better.
“Dean!”
Dean got woken up by a dive-bombing attack bird.
“Keep it in your heart, Sam. Let it warm your soul and draw strength from it. There can be no darkness if there is fire.”
able to learn.
Maybe the guy hadn’t been here after all.
Cas sighed. “So you want to go in, guns blazing? Who says they wouldn’t harm Sam? No. We had a better idea,” he looked over to Rowena who took it as her cue to speak.
“I wanted to give it to Dean so he could have something of Sam’s but obviously I decided against it. Here you go. Do you want a flower crown too? I could make you one. I mean,” he looked at his hand, “it would take a while, but I could.”
Dean looks around. Sam’s right. Being alone in the Bunker isn’t going to be good for his mental health. But he doesn’t want to impose on Sam and Eileen. He needs a job. He’s wallowed long enough.
“He kissed you?” Sam asks three months later and Dean nods.
Dean silenced him with a kiss. He had to admit, a blushing Cas was a cute Cas. “Don’t worry, I’m pretty tired anyway.” Castiel smiled at him and Dean decided this man needed a television. He looked around and then went to collect the laundry. “Castiel, you have a way to wash your laundry, right?”
He didn’t want to think these thoughts but – what if he had known? Dean had to believe that Dad protested. Maybe he hadn’t known. Maybe they hadn’t planned on taking Sam and it had just been a coincidence. But they
Cas takes her easily and puts her in his lap.
“Cas,” he whimpered and Cas opened his eyes, looking up at him. He was too pretty, fuck. Castiel let go of his dick for a moment, just so he could quietly rasp “Dean” and that’s it. That’s it. Castiel between his legs, looking like
Two days later, Castiel dies.
Jack nods.
And she was right. He blames himself for it. He thinks that maybe she left because she’s met someone else. That she’s met someone who’s better than him. He knows that she’s said that she didn’t, but – what if? What if she met some guy called Darren who’s just better than him?
“I did not sense any magic in that shop, Sam. The flowers keened for that man’s approval. There is something about this boy, though. I wonder...”
He walked over to the boy. “Where are you from?”
Dean gets up from the bed.
The feeling of the moment was lost when Castiel turned around excitedly and jumped over to Dean.
Dean gave him a grumpy look but put the crown on anyway.
“I – I wanna fuck you.”
“She left me,” Dean says. “She says there’s nobody else but I don’t know if I can believe her.”
Castiel grabbed the bird and tore it away from the mug. Edgar cawed angrily and kicked his feet. “Edgar coffee!” He sounded like an angry old man.
Castiel nodded. “Of course,” he said, “you worry you will fail.”
wanted to be over. And then one day, I woke in the woods. Now they’ve done this before: set me out in the woods to see what would happen if I got torn apart by bears or how I’d deal with dying by dehydration and starvation. Only this time – nobody was hiding in the bushes. Nobody was watching me. Eventually, I made it to a village. I recognised nobody there; and the language they spoke was alien to me.
His legs were shaking. He didn’t understand.
We’ve endured a great many things, you and I. We fell and rose together, we burned and crashed together. And in all this time, you weren’t even supposed to be there. But you were. You fought and clawed your way back to me every single time, and I’ve never even said thank you. I never once appreciated all the pain and misery you had to endure just to get back to me.
Cas is not in bed when Dean wakes up.
“I made sandwiches. And pie, of course. You might even get a piece if you’re nice, Cas.”
Would Dean ever know? Would Dean even care?
“I... yes. You said, I just... I can’t believe it. I didn’t even think... it’s amazing. How... how is he doing? Is he conscious? Can he talk at all?”
It’s the easiest thing in the world.
Dean puts you in a wheelchair and slowly starts wheeling you out of the room. You wish you could’ve said good-bye to Jack and Sam. But maybe it is better this way. You don’t want to disturb anyone. Jack would be fine. Sam and Dean would take care of him; and then they’d find him a friendly family.
He’s in love.
“He will, darling,” Rowena said from behind him. “We, however, have still much left to do. Do take care, handsome boy, will you?”
“I love you,” he says.
The emotions were swirling around inside of him. He didn’t understand. He always thought... He had always thought that maybe... maybe Dean felt a similar thing.
You think of stars and pebbles and all the tiny things.
It’s a soft, shining light and it’s free.
Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck
“Edgar, no!”
It was only thanks to his years-long experience with driving that Dean didn’t swerve off the road at the comment. Castiel had made it so nonchalantly – what the fuck?
“Can you disable it?”
He doesn’t think he can believe that. Something breaking apart must always be someone’s fault, right? Just like his parent’s divorce was Dad’s fault. Mom hadn’t done anything wrong, but Dad had. So, for him and Lisa – it must’ve been him. Maybe he hadn’t been able to satisfy her enough. Maybe he hadn’t had the money she’d been looking for. Maybe he hadn’t been enthusiastic enough about kids. Maybe it had been because he hadn’t proposed to her.
And if you tell him now, then maybe he can tell Jack. Soon enough Jack is going to realise how much brighter Sam and Dean were in comparison to you and he’ll understand that you were just an imposter. Hopefully he won’t be too upset.
“Castiel?”
The boy frowned. “I’ve always been here.”
The last task had been days ago. What were the chances that somebody was behind The Window now?
Dean sits up in bed and looks around. It all still looks the same as before. Somehow he had expected things to be different. Lisa is gone, after all. And yet, there are still birds outside. The world didn’t change.
It couldn’t be.
“I,” Castiel says and his voice is terribly hoarse but Dean drops the phone nonetheless.
“Eileen,” Sam whispers and he starts running. Dean follows slowly. He’s smiling. Sam can get his happy ending after all and it feels good. Cas would be happy for them too.
“I don’t know,” Sam answered. He followed Dean into the kitchen and sat down on a chair. “They didn’t really talk to me.”
He hated seeing his own empty eyes staring back at him. He hated the angels standing behind him, pointing fingers.
Dean shrugged and followed Castiel out the door, waiting for him to lock up.
Castiel closed his eyes. On the one hand he’d always wanted to know what had happened to Jack. On the other he had always believed that he had been adopted by a good family, had lived a good life and died a good death. And now here he was; none of these things true.
Nora talked to him and she was nice, but she was nice to everybody. Sometimes he wanted to tell her about Dean. About Sam. But he couldn’t. She wouldn’t like them, right? Or maybe she would think Dean did the right thing.
“Dean, you have to get up.”
Sam took the flower and looked at the pink petals. He didn’t know what to say.
What happened to the guys who took Sam? He didn’t know. He didn’t care. They could shoot him now for all he cared. What did it matter anyway? Sammy was gone. Sam was
Dean smiled at Sam, lost his upright posture a bit when he saw Rowena standing there, but soldiered on: “Sam, this is Cas.”
“Cas,” Sam says and Cas responds in kind. In the corner of his eye, Dean can see that Cas tries to get up from the couch but decides against it in the last moment.
“Dean, you have to eat. Please. I made you a sandwich; will you try it at least?”
“Can we talk?”
“Oh Dean-ie, I’d bet your cute little butt it is.”
“Edgar say. They gone. The Father took Castiel! The magic house. It’s where they are. Save him. Please? Edgar wants Castiel. The flowers. The flowers. Please?”
Sam stared at Rowena. He knew what she was talking about, of course. There was something called a “magic-transfer.” Castiel blinked, and Sam turned to explain for him and Dean,
“Why?”
“You only have your keys on you; and they serve me no purpose. Why would I take them?”
He walks over to the window and opens it. He bends forward and looks down. It would be quite the fall. But it’s going to be worth it. Down there, Cas will be waiting for him. If he imagines hard enough, then he can almost see Cas standing down there with open arms.
“No. I mean, I don’t care. It’s just not for me, y’know? I couldn’t ever see myself liking dick. Like, someone else’s dick. I don’t know. I think I’m missing the appeal.”
“So there
I know that they say relationships are a give and take. I go to a car show with you if you in turn accompany me to a shopping trip. But you never took me to any car shows, did you? Because you knew I wouldn’t enjoy them. And yet I’ve dragged you to shopping mall after shopping mall and you’ve never complained once. Because you knew I was enjoying myself.
“Dean,” Castiel says and Dean looks at him.
And – The Door.
Sam puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“How late is it?”
Miracle has essentially become Castiel’s therapy dog. She follows him everywhere and makes sure he eats and drinks enough. She loves Cas to pieces and anyone who even looks at the angel wrong gets growled at.
About a week later, Castiel awoke in the place where he died.
“Do you think the fence is electrified?”
Dean just nodded to that. If Cas didn’t have to travel far, it made sense to not own a car. Dean couldn’t imagine his life without one, but different people were different.
Dean shook his head. Rowena’s birthday was... eventually... sometime... and he’d definitely need the
“Dean,” Castiel said and Dean’s eyes fluttered open, “maybe we should leave the parking lot, yes?”
Castiel looks so sad. Back then, Dean hadn’t seen. He hadn’t cared. He had never cared. Why had he never cared?
“Of course, dearie, we’re talking about me, after all.” She smiled at him and turned back to her ritual. In truth this would go a lot easier if she could track an object Sam was carrying at the moment. Simply scouring for Sam’s magic wasn’t easy as there were many things interfering with that. She wasn’t even sure if she could track him if his captors had sealed his magic away with a pair of handcuffs, for example. Obviously she’d find him
Castiel nodded and walked to the door but Dean stopped him.
The guy smiles. It seems familiar.
“I made coffee,” Sam said and that got him attention. The moment was broken, and coffee was handed out.
The next time he looked up there were no stars.
With one last look towards The Window, It moved towards The Door. It would open it and step outside. It wondered what would be behind it. It reached out its hand and – hesitated. It didn’t understand. Why was its hand shaking? Its breaths came quickly. What was wrong? Was that a malfunction? It didn’t understand. That never happened before. It just had to push The Door open. Why was It hesitating? What was It waiting for?
Castiel snapped his fingers while he said, “Let there be fire.”
“That’s a very rude word you just used.” Castiel said with a low voice.
In the end, it didn’t matter.
“Magic,” he whispered to the flower, “are you magic?” He looked at the flower like he expected an answer. Then he looked back at Sam, shaking his head. “No. I don’t use magic. I don’t
Above him, there’s nothing but endless stretches of blue sky.
I’m sorry, Cas. I never did right by you. All your life you thought you were wrong because you weren’t like the others. You always believed that you needed to atone for your sins someway. And I – I didn’t help you. I made you think that you were expendable, that you weren’t worth anything. And I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, because I was wrong.
any magic on them, but then again, he wasn’t really good at determining that sort of thing. Maybe he should ask Rowena when she came by later. She would be able to tell him exactly if these flowers have been touched by magic, but – Dean could do that too. Dean had a knack for telling what people had magic and which did not. Sam did recall Dean talking about this one flower-shop, “Love Flowers” or something, maybe he and Rowena should check that shop and its owner out?
He felt a bit weird holding a big sunflower. Castiel beamed at him and nodded enthusiastically.
If Jack doesn’t even want to save his father, what good is he?
There’s something here, Dean knows that. There’s something here he’s supposed to say, some clever line, some heartfelt comment, but – but he doesn’t know.
Rage. The fire inside was burning ever stronger now and it wouldn’t relent. For the first time in a long time it wasn’t held back. Confusion fuelled the fire and the hurt spread it throughout. Burn them all into the ground for what they’ve done. How dare they? The ever-beating never-beating heart wasn’t theirs to take. They had to pay for their transgression. What else had they done?
He did. Fuck, he was shaking a little. Castiel was tracing his fingertips over Dean’s torso and he wanted more. “Please...” He didn’t even know what he was asking for.
Please, I just want to be with you. It’s all I ask. If I can be with you, then...
He wants to cry. He wants to scream. He wants to break down. But he can’t. Because if he does, then... then who will hold them together? Last time Cas died, Dean was a mess. Sam felt like this time would be even worse. There wasn’t even a body they could burn, nothing to say good-bye to.
Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Yes. Yes, holy shit, yes.
“I don’t think you’ve done anything to earn yourself an orgasm, no?”
Castiel beamed at him and leaned in to kiss him. Dean pulled him close and too quickly Castiel pulled away. “Go home now,” he said and Dean licked his lips, but nodded.
Occasionally, he’d find used needles. When he asked Nora about it she had scoffed.
And I know that you will still think that, no matter how often I tell you, so I implore you: please believe me. Nobody’s replacing  you. You’re perfect, Dean.
“It’s the first time I saw him cry. He was happy, he said. Loving me made him happy,” he says and looks at Sam.
He was a full fledged mage now and could
“Maria,” he says. He slowly puts a finger on her tiny nose. His finger glows and Dean worries. What’s going on?
Dean didn’t reply. He didn’t
Dean lets out a deep breath and gently places Castiel on the bed. Castiel is breathing quietly and really, Dean should call Sam and tell him but he’s just so tired.
He stopped at an unassuming place.
Well, yeah, okay. He really wouldn’t have believed Cas. Well, maybe. But he wouldn’t have, not really. He would’ve said something placating to Cas and then they would’ve gone to sleep. But he wouldn’t have
, in Ellen’s and Ash’s and Jo’s legacy but Dean had always refused. Dean hadn’t wanted to be a copy-cat of what they’ve been.
Dean didn’t want to believe that. What if she failed? What if she found nothing? What if she found
“Yes,” he replied quickly without breathing. Oh god yes, he couldn’t believe it was going to happen.
For Cas, the best thing that ever happened to him.
He looks back to the window. He had been expecting the sky to cloud over after this, even if it would’ve just been in his head, but no – it was still a nice sunny day.
freeing his aching dick, then he lay there, waiting to be told what to do. Castiel made a motion with his hand, indicating for Dean to turn around. His heart was beating so hard and his dick was so hard he felt like he could die from both right now. Dean raised his ass a bit and it earned him a loving pat from Castiel. Dean groaned.
There’s something pressing against your chest.
Dean cries.
Castiel sighed. “Very well. With that
Dean did and saw someone coming from the building. Dean’s hand went to the gun stashed in his belt but he didn’t draw it yet. That person didn’t seem threatening, at least not yet.
“Dean, it’s fine. Don’t worry. I would have been more insistent if I had known when your work starts, so I need to apologise.”
Castiel was right: it was a group of loud teenagers. All of them were holding several bottles and a few already seemed to be intoxicated. Upon seeing him, they piled their bottles on the counter and pointed outside: “Pump Five.”
There are golden orbs floating around Castiel.
“And Cas would’ve liked you too. He has a tan coat, you know? It’s the one you always try to sniff like there are treats inside the pockets. Cas would’ve always had some for you, you know? He’s good like that. You would’ve gotten along really well.”
“It’s okay,” Castiel says and it’s raining. Dean is cold. He recognises this.
“I love Cas, too,” he says, “not like you do, but I love him all the same. You told me to get my girl, then, so I’m telling you now, let’s go get your man.”
Maybe this could be a story that doesn’t end with humanity wiped out. Maybe this is a story that ends differently as it was foretold. I wanted to believe. I wanted to have faith in what you said and – and so I did.
Why would Sam be looking for you?
“Together forever,” Edgar replied and nuzzled against Castiel’s face.
it. Castiel nodded and gestured for Dean’s phone and after it’s been given, he typed in his digits before returning it. “Call me,” he said and quickly turned around and disappeared into the house. That was probably for the best, because it had been getting harder to resist. Dean held his phone close and went back to Baby, driving home alone.
That motherfucker even did the puppy-eyes. They had worked so many times, Dean couldn’t even count. But not this time. Not about this.
They decide that Cas would stay at Dean’s apartment. Sam had been debating if Cas shouldn’t maybe stay with him and Eileen – after all they had a whole house. But they’d be having a baby pretty soon. Dean was able to devote himself to Cas entirely. And most importantly, Dean doesn’t want to stay away from Cas for any amount of time. He’s utterly convinced that Cas reacted to his voice in the car. Yes, maybe it had been just a coincidence but Dean needs to believe that there is more to it. Cas loves him. He loves Cas.
, she’d fry him over the phone. He had to be quiet too because he didn’t want to wake Dean up. Dean had been so anxious for his sake; there’d be no point if both of them freaked out now.
How dare they touch the child? How dare they take away the life he was supposed to have? How dare they?
Before Castiel can answer, he’s fading away.
living beings that could move, at least a little. He had thought that maybe, if they
to know what Castiel looked like caught in the throes of passion. His head thrown back, sweat glistening on that tanned skin, mouth open, his nails scratching hard on Dean’s chest –
Of course it’s fucking Sam.
Castiel gently moved his fingers over Dean’s lips and Dean wanted to come and he wanted Castiel to watch.
being that pretty. “Hey, Cas,” he breathed and simply stared at the man’s face.
Sam hoists Maria out of the car seat. He wants to go and help Eileen out of the car but if he did, she’d kick him in the shin.
It’s Edgar. Edgar’s an asshole. Edgar didn’t like Dean the day he entered for the first time and that feeling’s been mutual ever since.  But Dean’s not deterred. He wouldn’t be intimated by stupid Edgar and his stupid shrieks. They were ear-piercing, but Dean could stand that fucker down. He would
Dean woke up late in the morning. The sun was shining and it left a warm feeling in his stomach. Saving Sam yesterday felt so long ago now. He got up and left his bedroom. He needed some coffee. To his delight the coffee was already in the pot. Did Sam set it up?
It’s a barn. Somehow, Dean was expecting this. He looks around. There are no monsters than he can hear so he hopes that they’ve come at a good time. The trees though – they look odd. They are all bended outwards as if a bomb had dropped.
Edgar took Castiel with him to show him the flower field he was taking care of.  There were a
Dean took a deep breath, because man, the guy didn’t make it easy. “Cas, do
There was a small meadow behind the cemetery. It tended to be empty at most times, and the only time Dean’s ever seen more than a few people here had been during summer. There was a lake in the distance and they were alone. He stopped in his tracks and Castiel stepped next to him, hands full of dandelions.
He wanted to be with Dean.
He handed the magic over to Castiel. His hand began to glow slightly, and Castiel stared at it with glistening eyes. He held it up to his face and looked at it. Then he turned his gaze to Sam, clearly waiting for instruction. Rowena didn’t say anything, so Sam thought he was good. He nodded, if only for himself.
win. It’s not too late. I want to prove right by Cas. I want to
Rowena let out a deep breath. “We are doing it again, Samuel, because you need to learn it.”
That means he doesn’t need you anymore.
Dean panics. In his panic, he runs outside.
Dean nodded. He wasn’t really keen on shooting anyone anyway. He simply took the gun with him because it made him feel better. It felt like he could have an advantage, even if he had never shot at a live target.
You just nod. So Dean is here as well. And judging from Jack’s expression, the boy seems to get along well with the brothers. So maybe... maybe Jack could stay with them after he’s left? They’d take good care of Jack. He’d grow up to be a star just like them; and then he’d forget about you.
“Might you still have this flower crown?”
“Dean... you know it’s what we got to do.”
Sam stared at the circle. He nodded. It would be a concentration test. If he didn’t concentrate hard enough, the flame would spread and the oil would catch on fire. He tried to remember what Castiel had said to him in that field.
I love you. I love you so, so much.
First, there were all these
“Here,” the man then says and drops something onto Dean’s stomach. At first, he doesn’t notice. The tree crowns are moving softly in the wind and he can hear the birds in the distance. Then he looks up to the guy. He has blue eyes. Dean hadn’t noticed. And there – there are wings behind him. Oddly enough, that’s not even weird. It’s like they belong there. Dean wonders how he ever thought that this guy was complete without them.
“Dean.”
tone. The people on TV used it all the time. He imitated that tone for fun just to mess with Castiel. But he didn’t like hearing it himself.
“Two, huh? Man, Sammy, you dog!”
“Yeah. Jack said he’s probably gonna be sick for the rest of his life, but he’ll be able to move around again.”
Sam’s voice is soft against your hair. He’s going to let you go now. You hope you can keep track of his voice long enough to understand what he wants to say to you. You don’t reply. He’s going to tell you that you can’t keep Jack. Keeping the child would be unfair. He’d deny Jack a loving home and family. How selfish of you. You wish you’d had something you could give Jack as a keep-sake. Would he even want to remember you by? You could give him a pebble, you think. In time, he’d understand that that’s all you are.
