Tony didn’t change his body language or any other language. Maybe he was a coward but not that much. He just… He talked to Steve about lifestyles, the one he labeled metrosexuality, for example. Maybe men nowadays seemed a bit effeminate to Steve, but if one looked at those powered wigs and painted faces and silk stocking of the men from the 18
“Sure. We take turns. Tony’s butler, Jarvis. He is getting old, and… alright. I shut up now. Enjoy your meal.”
“Stark, it is relief to notice at least you have your head still tightly inside your ass as usual. Captain Danvers, I think the interrogation has ended. I will inform our bossed we have our heroes back and alert the PR-department. You two ladies… fuck! You two men. You go home, and no PDA before you make a public announcement about your relationship. Or what the hell you call that what you are doing. Friends with benefits?”
Fury tried to imagine Captain America pushing a tail back into his pants after morning dump. That tiger tail, he meant. God, he had started to sound like Stark.
He couldn’t sit. He couldn’t lie down. He would have been dead to the world in a second, so he let himself stand in the middle of the room his shield in his hand until there was a knock on the door. The real owner of the room didn’t start nagging when he saw his feeble efforts for personal hygiene.
“Excuse me. Captain... Thank god you are here! My grandfather was in Normandy… real honor, sir. I was about to call the police.”
“Clint, try to focus here. Did anyone else notice he called me Antonio. Smells like a parallel universe stuff to me, don’t you think?”
Steve was about to come here and there just watching the show the older man put on. He pressed rest of the lube on his palm and lavished it over his dick and Tony’s crease.
He nodded. Gail had always understood him without the words. Perhaps that was why he had considered talking was so overrated. In that other universe, all had been so easy. They had been two rookie Avengers, Nomad and Heavy Metal. Nobody had cared if they were gay or not. Their marriage announcement in Twitter had gotten mostly positive attention. But here things would be different. They weren’t nobodies anymore, they were Captain America and Iron Man. Heroes of the nation. A legend made alive. And all that pressure which came with those titles.
“Nobody will touch my Ralphie”, Barton roared and that was that. They would cross that bridge when the time come, and it wasn’t like Tony hadn’t room in his tower. They was enough space for a whole pig farm if they wanted to.
If there had been more time, Tony would have talked for quite a while about Einstein-Rosen bridges, Quantum Mirrors, and Ghost Boxes and Steve would have listened to, just for the joy of hearing his teammate’s voice. No questions from Steve, even if all those Tony’s fancy explanations would have been way over his head. Steve didn’t have even basic knowledge of parallel universe theories, so why to open his mouth and appear as a dumb soldier boy in front of the man who considered almost everybody his intellectual inferior. Not the last impression you wanted to leave when you were both dying. Especially, if you were secretly in love with the man you were dying with.
“Tony! What the hell… but… Put me down! You scared the shit out of me just disappearing like that! Where did you get that new armor?”
When Steve noticed what was on the workbench, his eyes released poor Tony as he took involuntary step forward. It was Iron Man. Or its arm.
Fury ripped the piece from his ear. He probably didn’t want to say anything so unsavory that HR-department was forced to send him an angry e-mail.
“Alright!” he shouted, doubling his efforts to rip Clint’s network. “I don’t know what sick game you guys are playing, but when I get my hands on those who did this to you Tony, I will break their necks. Making you help that murdering cunt. And Barton! How could they...”
Now the not-Jake grabbed Tony’s hand and raised it up, and a flash of pain almost made him faint again.
Gail snorted, which nowadays reminded him of Nat. “Please! Don’t try to pull one over me. Even when you were here with that Pym woman, you were always Tony this and Tony that. Who else could it be?
Tony, his name was Tony. Steve wondered if it was a shortening from something. Anthony or maybe Antonio. Tony looked he had some South European blood in his veins.
Oh Tony. So smart and so stupid at the same time! He took that flailing arm and gave a kiss to Tony’s already sweaty palm before pushing the hand against his cheek.
“My cousin fought those file women just a month ago. They can change forms, you know, be anything a man desires.”
“Give me your hand”, Tony said, touching the back of his hand. “Come on, big guy. Do that to please Uncle Tony.”
“Hey, Fury. Are we idiots, or what! Why didn’t we think the most obvious solution first? What if Rogers is a mutant? There was no gene test for it back in the 40s.”
“What?” Clint whispered, his voice full of disbelieve. “You are joking, Cap? Alright, I get it, this is payback, isn’t it?”
“And then this other Steve Rogers”, Fury mused. “About who Captain Rogers gave us quite obscure description.”
“Oh, now you mean to lift Mjolnir, Warrior Monster? Hear me first! Only those worthy can lift my hammer and use it with a power of thunder. The bravest of my warrior companions can’t move it, so what hope do you have?”
Tony allowed Spider-Man to pet his head, glad that he was at least safe while the younger hero stuck around.
Tony found a chew toy and laid next to the couch in the living room while he worked his jaw on it, thinking up designs and improvements in his head. The team had gone back to letting SHIELD repair their broken equipment after missions which Tony took as a personal insult. If they let him back into his lab he could do it just fine- though it might take longer, without fingers to manipulate the holograms with.
“I’m sorry, Tony. We didn’t think.” Steve said, fidgeting with the hem of his shirt. It was adorable.
“It’ll be fine. You trust me, right?” Steve asked, setting Tony down as he tested the temperature of the water. Tony hesitated a second before he nodded.
“Well we don’t have an exact estimate of when he went in, but there was probably a high concentration of smoke for about twenty minutes before the building collapsed. After that he breathed in all the particles from the plaster and insulation for around two hours.” Steve said, shifting his stance and crossing his arms. Hannah didn’t look happy but she continued on and motioned for Steve to tell the rest of the story as she replaced the mask and continued her exam.
“What the hell? Scared the shit out of me.” He muttered, but Tony barked again, taking a few limping steps back. Clint frowned and scratched the back of his head.
The people were swiftly crossing the living area towards the kitchen, and Tony had scarcely a second to scramble as quietly as possible around the island to hide. He wanted to shout the alarm, but he’d likely be dead before any of the other Avengers could make it out of their bedrooms.
“I think you’re going to need a bath, Tony.” He chuckled, brushing his hands down Tony’s legs without much luck.
“Let’s keep going; I know a really nice ice cream place that has cones for dogs.” Steve said, and Tony followed behind him eagerly. It was another example of how hot and cold Steve could be. He put a child lock on the fridge door and forced Tony to eat dog food, but now he was totally fine to give him ice cream? Tony wasn’t sure why he continued to be to back and forth about things, but he was so excited to actually have something besides kibble that he wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth.
Tony turned to Steve as well, who ran a hand down his face, but eventually waved at Tony to go ahead.
“That black cat is Loki, isn’t it?” He realized, squinting over at the bundle of fur that was laying on Loki’s green outfit. That meant…
“Oh. Well, I-I guess I could come, a-as long as you don’t require me to give away my identity at all. And a-as long as i’m not going to be… a-arrested.” He stammered, gently extracting himself from under Tony and brushing off his suit.
“This is so tight, how are you two-” Natasha was cut off with a yelp as she toppled off the counter and landed heavily on a barstool. Clint started to laugh his ass off from across the room and Steve poked his head over the edge to check on her. He almost got his nose scratched for the effort, but at least she hadn’t hit the floor. Coulson and Maria wrangled Thor and Clint while Bruce helped Natasha, and Steve watched the whole thing from his perch on the fridge.
“Why the hell should I give him to you?” He asked coldly, and everyone’s hackles instantly rose. Tony understood why Peter was so angry, but the others instantly switched from ‘friendly’ to ‘possible threat’, in a matter of moments. Steve and Bruce looked ready to jump over the table and liberate Tony from the kid any second.
The next day Tony woke up just as exhausted as he’d gone to bed the night before, and he reluctantly pulled himself out from under his human bed to steal some food from the kitchen.
Two barks. There was a sigh over the comms before it went fuzzy and cracked again. Tony whined and only caught the end of her sentence as the sound came back.
Leave it to Barton to ask the important questions. Tony turned back to look at Peter, and gave him a soft
“Freeze, back away from the dog!” Someone barked. Tony and the spider-ling both whipped their heads around to see the cluster of Shield agents, all with guns drawn and trained on the younger hero. Did they think he’d been the one to hurt Tony?
After a few moments a young dark-skinned man walked in, giving them all a hundred-watt grin as he introduced himself as nurse Harley. He glanced over Hannah’s clipboard and clicked his tongue.
“What is it? Did we miss something?” Clint asked as they came to a stop in front of the church. It was quiet and dead; not even the spiders still remained. Tony limped towards the door and Clint made an alarmed humming noise from behind him.
He didn’t seem to realize that the cats were the actual Avengers- and Tony was anticipating the look on his face when he put two and two together.
After a few moments Steve put down his towel and sighed. Tony turned to watch him rubbing his face, shoulders hunched as he sat on the floor with his legs stretched out.
Tony was trembling by that point, but he lowered himself slightly, in small jerky movements until the water was over his back. Steve thanked him but Tony was grasping at straws and he wanted it to be over. He wanted to be out, away, nowhere near the place they nearly drowned him and didn’t care if he got electrocuted, where the chest piece was sparking every time it got wet and he felt his heart jump in response. They didn’t care that he couldn’t breathe and his whole face burned with water up his nostrils and in his eyes, dirty water from god knows where-
Tony was still pissed that they’d shaved him, though. He plotted his revenge the entire duration of Steve’s check up and all the way back to the main floor until he was distracted by the smell that greeted them.
Tony’s brain didn’t work fast enough and the structure collapsed, taking him down with it. There was a harsh jerk every time he landed on the level below before it would jar him with the force of the impact. Tony was almost halfway down when the entire thing tilted forwards and he was sent sprawling into the hard ground and through the mass of insects. Bricks were digging into his side and his left hind ankle burned like it was on fire but he was running on adrenaline, he was already trying to get a purchase on the debris. The spiders immediately swarmed over him and Tony made an involuntary screeching noise as he scrambled to get up and sprint out of the church before the rest of the scaffolding fell and crushed him.
Tony wiped the rest of the paint off his paw and made sure it was clean, stepping back and trying not to let his skin crawl. Anyone who got a hold of those codes and could synthesize a voice recording of any of them would be able to use them.They required voice recognition to work, but there were people out there capable of doing it. Tony knew it was possible.
Their pace was drastically slower than usual since Tony’s back leg was out of commission. Steve didn’t seem to mind, instead observing the city around them as they leisurely strolled around central park in the calm of the morning.
A sudden clatter of shifting bricks behind him and Tony spun, rolling out of the way as the dark shape from before rushed him. All Tony could hear was the crunching snow and pounding blood in his ears as he scrambled away and shook his head. The pressure in the air changed as he was getting his bearings, and he turned to see both the figure and the tesseract gone.
“Okay, can we get a roll of pap-” Steve began, but uncharacteristically cut himself off when he made eye contact with Tony. He tilted his head at Steve as if to say,
Tony barked, but she didn’t return, and his nose didn’t work on the glass panel for the lights. If only JARVIS was still active, he might not have been in this mess in the first place. They all hated him and JARVIS was the only one who would have still cared. He even had protocols that made sure Tony was never in complete darkness- with the reactor it wouldn’t have been so horrible, but he had absolutely no light.
“JARVIS, time?” Tony cracked his back and stretched, letting the AI minimize some of the open holograms and turn down his music to an appropriate volume.
“Damn. What did you do to him, Natasha? It’s like a miracle; not even a peep.” Clint remarked, and Tony heard the others make quiet noises of agreement.
Tony was not taking a bath, and he let Steve know that in no uncertain terms when he bolted across the foyer, nails scrambling against the smooth floor as he turned down the hallway.
“So I wanted to apologize for yelling at you yesterday.” Steve started, one sandwich already gone and another on the way. Tony gave him a look that wasn’t unfriendly and put down the second half of his sandwich. “All I ever ask is that you
OMG so this isn't a chapter, but the chapter is going up in a few minutes so don't worry. SOMEONE DREW ART!!! Please behold this piece done by trashtalkingtony over on tumblr- feel free to check them out! This is from a scene in the previous chapter- once again, thank you SO much trashtalkingtony for gifting me (and the readers) with this drawing!! <3 (excuse that it's rotated sideways, i have it oriented correctly in my files but tinypic refused to cooperate when generating the image url)
“Why would he do this to himself? And why haven’t they woken up yet?” Steve could feel the tip of his tail twitching, and he willed it to stay still. Thor’s was waving back and forth wildly in agitation.
“That he seems to be.” Hannah laughed, undoing the buckles and straps on Tony’s vest and sliding it off as carefully as she could, setting it on an adjacent table next to her clipboard. “I heard that he saved Nat’s life, and if she couldn’t get herself out in the first place, it must have been quite the pickle.” Hannah felt along Tony’s back as she talked, then rolled him over to look for burns. He could feel one on his hip and a few small ones on his front legs and tail, but other than that he was alright, if a bit tired.
“I need backup, four of these-” Natasha said over the comms, grunting and swearing before she continued. “Four of these robots have me cornered. Location is-” There was a deep boom, and Tony felt it rather than heard it over comms. Natasha was silent after that and his nerves spiked, pacing around the jet and likely annoying the pilots.
“Um..?” Coulson lifted his arms off the table, and Tony finally found the pocket where his phone was stashed. “Tony, don’t you dare-” He made a grab for the cat, but he was already back in Peter’s lap, tapping away at the screen as he bypassed the password and hacked into the device. Peter watched with saucer-big eyes as Tony struggled to hit the right keys, and helpfully steadied the device so that the cat could use both paws. Coulson was staring at them and Tony could bet that he was planning a horrible scheme for revenge- he’d bet his bugatti, in fact. Peter probably wasn’t supposed to know the circumstances of the situation.
Tony got up and wandered into the kitchen to see the oven on, two whole bowls of raw batter sitting on the counter next to the cooling racks.
“So can I use my lab now, or am I still locked out like a five year-old?” Tony asked, teeth gouging marks in the small plastic cheeseburger. Clint snorted as he flopped down on the couch and propped his feet up in Natasha’s lap. She looked for a moment like she wanted to snap one of his ankles, but the expression passed and instead she shoved them off.
of his team, like metal and ozone and leather. All the new smells were overwhelming and it took a lot for Tony to ignore it and focus on what he was doing.
“JARVIS, call Agent!” Tony yelled, too busy scrambling away from the fight to do the proper motions for the command.
“I think you need to stop making impulsive decisions that could cost you a life, whether it’s your own or a teammate’s! Get it together, Stark, or I’ll bench you for your continued recklessness and lack of consideration for your teammates.” Steve gave Tony a small push and stormed past, slamming his bedroom door in the most accurate impression of a child he could get. Tony picked up one of the couch cushions and screamed into it as loud as he could, despite his sore throat.
“I want a lot of things, but only one simple favor. In exchange for not killing you.” Loki smiled, crouching down until his face was a foot away from Tony’s. “You will be asked by SHIELD tomorrow, to go on another little mission. Collecting data, or what have you. You will say no.” Loki’s hand reached out and grabbed Tony’s scruff again, smacking his head into the hardwood floor. Tony sucked in a breath through his teeth, but otherwise forced himself not to react. “I know that you’re cottoning on to what’s going on- so congratulations for being slightly above the average of your fellow dim-witted midgardians. But I refuse to defeated by your lot a second time. So; you will not interfere in my doings. You will not tell another soul what you know. I had ample time to outfit this building with my proverbial eyes and ears. The second you decide to snitch, I will remotely detonate this-” He held up a small silver disc, around the same size and thickness of a coaster, “-which contains an energy strong enough to open up a crater about a mile wide in your precious
“Tony, can you hear me? Tony?” Someone was saying, and after a few seconds Tony realized it was Rhodey. The person trapping him wasn’t Rhodey but he heard him, he just had to get away and keep running,
Natasha finally turned to look at him, and blinked a few times before she seemed to realize that he was there.
Steve stepped back out of his way as he went around the room cleaning what he could. The couch cushions were shredded, what was left of the dining chairs was scattered across the floor, a bookshelf was knocked over, several vases had been shattered, and finally, the TV looked like it had been hit by a baseball. It hung dejectedly from the wall and pieces of the screen had fallen out where the shatter was.
“Well, in that case… Tony, fire away.” Steve said, gesturing to the robot head. Investigating the engineering involved would be much more difficult without opposable thumbs, but Tony would be damned if he didn’t try.
“The code was pretty basic, and all that’s left to do is have JARVIS record the motions.” Tony explained, hopping off the table and finding a clear spot on the floor where JARVIS could get him from all angles. Steve rolled back onto his stomach and peered over the edge of the table to watch Tony.
Obviously, just getting in wasn’t going to work, at all. He hadn’t had the chance to convince the team that he wasn’t an average dog. So he needed something big. Something that would catch their attention as soon as he was over the gate, and hopefully keep him from being run off by patio furniture.
When the cravings climbed to their peak, when the want of alcohol consumed his body, it could almost overwhelm the agony from his side and chest and head. At those first moments he would have done anything for a sip of any ethanol infused drink. Anything but raise from that mattress, perhaps. Or kill Steve, but otherwise. If a terrorist organization had wanted a custom made missile, Antonio would have asked what color scheme they preferred. Yes.
There were other veteran associations denouncing themselves from those decisions and asking Captain Rogers to join them as their honorary member.
“Well, no. In our universe he is a human being, but his relationship with Reed is strained at best. The last time Tony checked, they were pummeling each others. The Fantastic Four managed to escape Doom’s first deathtrap, and… the nerds and their nerd grudges… Let’s hope they get it sorted out as soon as possible.”
“Yeah, but they do that thing only for perverts. The ordinary murderers are executed in private as usual.”
But this had not been an airplane. It should be alright. It would still hurt, thought, but the pain was an old friend of his, sometimes when he had secretly watched Tony’s fight with his illness he had even welcomed it for himself too, like doing that would take some of his loved one’s agony away.
He was about to poke something in Steve, alright, but he bet this mumbling mess of a man would die again, this time of embarrassment, if Steve mentioned his thoughts aloud.
Puppy dog eyes shouldn’t be sexy when one was having sex. Somehow Tony pulled it off. Tony’s smell, his taste and those noises he made were driving Steve wild. His heart was beating like a drum, and if Tony had that moment asked anything, anything at all, Steve would have done it. And there was no risk to hurt Tony, was there? Barton didn’t shut up about those blue movies Tony had made of himself and his partners, so it wasn’t like Tony was a rookie in the bed games.
There was something in the man which screamed danger, loud and clear. Not the danger Thor and his brawl had represented, but more subtle, more sophisticated calamity was ahead of him. Steve was well tuned to the precarious of his situation, and it made him prickly. “You all know my senses are enhanced. No need to be surprised by it. What is it you wanted to talk about?”
Janet and Hank Pym had a domestic during which Hank beat Janet first to the hospital and then Steve clobbered Hank to teach him how to treat his lady-wife. Fury was well aware the supersoldier was used to solve any new problem with his fists, not with relationship negotiations.
As Steve had already realized, everything was so different in here than in there. So their homecoming party came, and no final decisions had been made.
That was indeed an interesting question. They were in NYC and there shouldn’t be a living soul who didn’t know the face of Tony Stark, he had been plastered all over newspapers and Internet from the very beginning of his existence. A boy genius, a tragic orphan, a playboy, a drunken lecher, the CEO of Stark International… Tony Stark in rehab, Tony Stark sobering up, Tony Stark as Iron Man of the Avengers. Tony Stark, the reformed hero. The photos from his engagement party with Miss Virginia Potts had more clicks than an average royal wedding.
“Steve. Nice and easy”, Tony was saying while lowering them on the roof of another tall building. This one was more modern in comparison, luxurious even. It had that place a helicopter could land, or in this case, a Quinjet as Steve saw when Barton stepped out of the vehicle with that heart-eating trollop. The sight made Steve increase his battle with that pesky net, but Tony didn’t want anything to do with that. “Steve, for fuck’s sake, I don’t want to sedate you! Shit, what I am talking… Computer! Captain protocol.”
“Good. Glad that all is well. You see, the last time somebody went crazy scientist, the Hulk happened. Not that it says anything to you, but… maybe it will. Director Fury asked me to give you this.”
Yes, there it still was, pulling the rug from under his feet, every time. Steve wasn’t a prime example of white Anglo-Saxon hetero male, was he, and even if he had practiced his whole life, he was still awfully bad in hypocrisy.
“It’s funny how tastes or sounds bring back memories, doesn’t it? Not all of them good ones. Sometimes… I was in this cafe downtown when a barista dropped his tray of clean mugs. It was quite a bang and I was covering under the table before Nat was able to say
That didn’t work out so well. How else would she have ended up here? In the glass cell with a monster from the bed time stories her
Steve didn’t like that teasing smile and annoyingly handsome face. The combination had always made him horny. “And if I wasn’t? Why would I want any consolation from one of the people who keeps me as a prisoner?”
It was a true live horror show, and Fury swore it would all end right there, right now. He didn’t care about the shield or the pompous letter in that helmet. The nation had already mourned its fallen hero. People didn’t need to mourn anything they didn’t know even existed.
Tony lurched. Fury took his elbow when it first seemed he would fall down. “Oh my god!” he mumbled. “Oh my god! Fury, we have to go there. We have to… I have to study it. This would be...”
Nothing much had happened. The guard had greeted him, said he was glad that Mr. Stark seemed to be recovering. He mentioned something about the weather and Steve answered, explaining about fresh air and how that had always helped his own recovery, but it seemed he didn’t need to bother. A black SUV drove in and stopped outside the white and red bar, and the guard had to focus on the newcomer, so Steve had continued walking when the bar was lifted for the car. He had started to realize how bad their situation was, because that was it, literally the end of the road. Barton’s leering and his stupid jokes, reminding their bending trial had been just a trigger. They were trapped in this strange universe were the homosexual acts led the perpetrators to the gallows, and Antonio…
It was like a slap in the face. His refractory period was so short one could say it was almost nonexistent, but that was a sure death sentence to his budding erection. He had not that much experience, but he had thought… Maybe he had thought wrong, and it was no secret now what Janet had been telling to Tony about Steve’s blunders in the sack. No need to be angry with Janet, Tony had seen with his own eyes how hair-triggered he was. If it wasn’t his fist, it was his dick, and both of them seemed to function in a way the others found repugnant.
“We haven’t...” Anderson junior started, and almost got himself clobbered by the famous shield before its owner remembered they needed him talking.
“Oh, that. It seems when Doctor Richards is not wasting his time acting like a megalomaniac douchebag, he wastes his time exploring the universe and inventing all kind of useful things. They just microversed the tumor out of existence. Too bad. I already named it Anthony. Like a son I will never have. Oh dear. I would have been a crappy father anyway.”
That was a loaded question if Toni had ever heard one. She trusted this man in a lot of different ways; she trusted him to be honest with her. She trusted him to be there for her, having her back as she would his, but she also trusted him to break her heart when the time came. "Yes, I do," she replied.
Bruce let out a sigh. "Easy, Clint," he said. "But he has a point. Toni is an adult, and you can't make choices for her." He gave her a slight smile as he took a deep breath. "However, I get it. I know this isn't easy for you, but we can't just make decision for her."
"How dare SHIELD think we are dangerous when they have weapons that can take each of us out?" he asked angrily. He picked up his speed in order to get the lab faster.
After everything was settled for the mission commencing in 12 hours, Toni, with a heavy coat, found a spot to read the report alone. It was a bitch to sneak away, because no one would let her out of their sight and it was annoying. She wasn't someone who needed to be babysat, though she did do risky things at times. She just needed to get away so she could figure out what was going on in her head.
It was silent between the two as they didn't know what to say to each other without starting a fight. Both of them knew if they spoke, they would regret it. Steve couldn't just stand by and let things happen even if he knew he was going to lose the fight. Barnes, on the other hand, over thought things at times, which made him slow to action, and he had often given up on things that he thought was impossible.
Besides, it gave Toni something to poke fun at. She could and would joke about him having a second family in DC with some blonde (Or red- color didn't matter) from down the hall. Joke that he had some hot blonde that he could replace her with. That he
The Asset wasn't sure what was said after that as the next thing he recalled was pain. It was total and complete pain. If it wasn't for the mouth guard, there was no doubt that he would've bitten though his lips. The pain was excruciating, taking every thought that he fought to keep. He tried to focus on hers—no, Toni's face as she looked at him for the first time. Though he knew her name, he had no idea of who she was or why she was so important. She was just a name to him. A warmth that formed in his chest, but he didn't want to lose it.
"Then let's get this done," Toni replied, as Howard took the case from Phillips, who stepped away as soon as the case left his hands.
His eye twitched at the sound of the nickname. "You're lucky you're even that. I could've made you a private, but if you're going to be around my men, I want, rather need, you to be of a higher rank. These men hadn't been around a woman in a long time, and a slightly higher rank might be able to discourage them from trying something."
He couldn't understand why she would do such a careless thing. Was she trying to get herself blown up? He could say she was suicidal, but she didn't seem like the type: her ego too big. He could say that this was strategic, but he knew this woman. He knew this woman didn't understand the word strategic, couldn't understand the word. She acted without a second thought, and she acted with no hesitation. After studying her for weeks and watching past videos, the Asset knew she didn't plan and just acted. Her plan was to attack, no matter how stupid it was, even if her actions were suicidal. It annoyed the Asset to no end, and he wanted to…to do things to make her listen.
I wanted to reached a certain point in the story and this I hope this chapter didn't feel rush, like I was moving too fast. :) However, the fun can start now. Haha.
The Genius from the future wanted to tell him that he was wrong on both. Rogers wasn't dead, just frozen, but that paralyzed her, and she flashed back to her dream. Had her dream been true? Did Steve hate their time? Did he not want to live in that time? Should she tell Howard…and Peggy that he was alive? That would make everyone in this time happy, and it would make Steve happy as he wouldn't have to suffer in her time and deal with her more than he had to.
He took a deep breath as he didn't even have a photo of her to remember her beautiful face or smart ass mouth. He had to settle for a damn drawing which didn't do her justice. He had no idea of where he could get a picture—or how to find out what had happened to her. He didn't know where to start; he couldn't look her up in the damn phone book. He did, however, ask Fury if he knew what happened to the officers who were involved in the SSR, and on request, Fury handed over the personal folders, which were laid out in front of him.
He turned back for her, inches from her. "I'm a horrible friend," he said as he stared at her. His eyes were drilling into her. "It's my fault."
Steve's face fell a bit, but it didn't stop him from wrapping his arms around Toni and pulling her against his bare chest. "Toni," he said, softly. "I'm not going anywhere. It's going to take a lot more than that to scare me away." His hands dropped to her waist and pulled her into his lap. "Not going anywhere. Do you hear that? Even if I have to battle all of your suits."
Toni glanced at Romanoff, her look cold. She eyed the Assassin's movements as she sidestepped to stay out of her reach. "I just need a drink," she said. Her sneakers swished with each step, leaving a wet trail behind her. "You three can go back to DC if you like. I just need my best friend. His name is whiskey."
After the awkward bite with Peggy who glared at Toni the whole time, they boarded a plane. Toni had been on quite a few military planes before but she had never been on a plane this old.
? She thought to herself. There wasn't much she could think of. Maybe, the Colonel had something; he had access to a lot of things.
Tony glances at Steve, who looks as exhausted as he does. If he doesn't know any better, it looks like Steve hasn't been sleeping, and that doesn't sit well with Tony. He doesn't like to see Steve like this, so broken, because he isn't supposed to be like this. He isn't supposed to be broken… not like him. He's supposed to be strong, unbeatable. This breakup is
Studying the system, she decided to set off an alarm that the guard would investigate but nothing too large that would send anyone running. A large alarm would cause too much suspicion, which she couldn't have. She would never get out of here if she did. She didn't want a building lock down. She set off a door alarm on the other side of the building.
And sorry for the lack of Steve, who would be missing from the next chapter as well. :( However, it seemed like Howard made it through this chapter without being beaten by Toni. You think he will make it through the next in one piece?
Idiots, she thought. They were wasting their time on a device that only she could fix, and it almost made her laugh, because right now, her Arc Reactor posed more danger to them than a broken device, which they couldn't even began to power. "You deemed an unknown communication device that I could be using to transmit secrets safe, but yet, a broken device, which Stark can't even turn on, unsafe. Wow, you guys are stupid," Toni stated, picking up the bag and walking out the door. She didn't even wait for Peggy, when she had other things to do. She would get her device back because Howard Stark had nothing on her hacking skills.
"I'm surprised to see you here, as I thought you left with that device of yours," he said, looking her over. "No offense, but you look like crap."
In all regards to all of his assassinations, this familiar man was an easy kill, unlike the others. The others at least had put up a fight, screaming and struggling, but this man seemed to have accepted his death as if he knew it was coming. He just let it happen, just let the Asset kill him, as the Asset watched the light disappear from the man's eyes. He didn't say a word.
Before Steve could answer, Dugan asked, "Come to watch her beat us, Rogers?" He turned to Gabe, who had yet to show his cards and was the only one who hadn't folded. "Unless Gabe has something up his sleeves."
She didn't know if she could bring herself to wear or even hold them, but she wasn't sure if she could give them back to him. She didn't know if she could part with a connection to the men. Sure, she would see Steve again, but he would be Rogers again, not her shrimp. It would be different, and she would lose the relationship that she had with him. Even now, she missed their late night conversions in his apartment where they just talked, talked about anything.
"Nice try, but I won't tell you anything," she snapped. Phillips had noticed the change in Toni as Erskine spoke to her. The time in that room was getting to her; silence could be one of the most dangerous tools in an interrogation.
She glanced up to see Barnes, who was a sight for sore eyes. "Barnes," she called. "What happen to you? You look disgusting." She teased. "You make me feel better about myself."
. The stupid old man jokes are coming. Damn it!) and going straight to his labs with some idea that he can't get out of his heads. He remembers getting settle at this desk with a range of tools and materials, and he remembers when he had started to drift, but he doesn't remember moving to the couch. "FRIDAY," he calls.
Thunder storms had always been a no go for the genius, who had hated—not feared, never fear—these types of storms since she was a child. She didn't see the purpose of thunder storms, though she understood the science behind them. She understood why and how thunder storms worked, but that didn't mean she liked it. She hated the loud roar of the thunder and the blinding radiances of the lightening. She didn't like any of it, and she would do anything to hide from the storm. This dislike only worsened after
Toni froze, noticing a silhouette at the window; however, this dark spot wasn't a shadow. Besides the human shape, it was fucken moving, and if someone—namely JARVIS—tried to tell her differently, she was going to blast them to high heavens, as there was
Toni didn't know what was more sad or pathetic: her guilty and grief over the unstoppable death of her father or Bruce slaving over a device that he couldn't hope to work. She couldn't decide, but it only made her want to get imbibed even more. The need to get wasted was overwhelming, and she wanted nothing more than to down a whole bottle of whiskey. No, she needed to down a whole bottle. If anyone asked, she would deny that she had a problem. She didn't drink because she liked it; she got drunk because she needed to forget. That wasn't a problem. It was a solution.
"If Stark was buying drugs, it wouldn't be from some street corner drug dealer," Clint said, looking between the two. "She probably has some doctor on call."
"I don't need your permission to speak. You aren't a god," she responded back, but she regretted it a second later as he slapped her hard in the face.
The Ring from Steve was simple with a single diamond in a traditional setting; however, it was a show stopper in her opinion. It was simple and classic—not like her, but sometimes, it was the simple stuff that caught your eye. So even if Toni never thought about a ring for herself, she supposed she would've picked something like this…No, she wouldn't have. She probably would have picked a rubber band. Granted, she would have probably been okay with a band of something kind. Toni wasn't picky, especially over a ring.
When Tony comes to again, he's surprised to find himself in his room, because this is the last place that he expects to wake up. What he expects is to be tied down in the hospital bed, while Barnes and Rogers babysit him. Forcing fake pity down his throat. Being in his own room is truly the last thing that he expects, but he's okay with it. No, he's relieved with this, though he's still surprise the Super Soldiers aren't with him. But again, he's happy. He doesn't know what he would do if he's stuck with them and their phony worry for hours.
For the rest of the night, Toni slept peacefully, feeling completely loved and cherished in Steve's arms. It wasn't until the morning, when she got a phone call concerning Happy that she felt her world shatter. It was then that she felt everything went up in flames.
The woman in front of Toni may be one of the smartest woman that she knew, but she was also one of the stupidest too. She took senseless risks without a care in the world. She didn't care what happened, granted the same could be said about Toni. However, Toni could admit it, even if she didn't want to, and she felt
It was laughable, and if Fury wasn't 'dying'—you never know with that man- in Steve's Living room, she might be rolling around on the floor in a fit of laugher. Okay, she still might do that. The
There was Antonio. His Tony was fine. He didn’t care to mention that one aloud, but took a tablet this other Tony was handing over to him. He steeled himself, but nevertheless the man on the screen took him by surprise, just not in a way he had thought.
He sniffed his nose empty, but there was no new smell in the air. Nobody had come to his cell. He raised his gaze to the wall. There was the movie again, but the narrator was this time a dark haired, handsome man. He even had the cute little beard Steve usually saw only in the historical adventure movies.
“I don’t know if he was. Probably. He was in a bad place. We all were, but he was just a boy. A young man. Too young to make decisions of life and death.”
In one of their rooftop meetings, after his and Tony’s wedding, the other Steve had mentioned how lucky they were, meaning their unfamiliarity to the general public. Then he had showed what kind of “congratulations” he had received when he had come out of the closet, and again after he had married Bucky. There were the usual rude words and death threats, but the hardest ones to bear were the people lamenting how Steve Rogers had now ruined Captain America, their childhood hero. How it would have been better for everybody, if he had died in the war and saved the nation from this disgrace.
Was Antonio talking about their kiss? Steve remembered what Antonio had said about Romeo and Juliet. He was not uncivilized enough not the get a reference. Now Antonio was backing away? Letting Steve to back away? What?
“So why not to tell them?” Steve would really like to see a look on Barton’s face when he realized how he had been badmouthing the man who had saved his hide, Steve didn’t know how many times. He hadn’t had time to watch all those videos from his tablet, but Barton seemed to have a habit to fall off the roofs.
Or maybe not. The saw was witched on in front of his face and the one called Sam gave him a nasty and less than toothy grin. He should use his share of the money for a dental hygiene. Could that be considered charity? Could Tony get some tax deduction?
Fury decided he didn’t hear that, but Captain Danvers’s snickering disturbed his dignified decision.
That was a familiar looking harness, which was used to keep the shield on one’s back. His numb and shaky fingers didn’t do much to the clasps, but somehow he get it right before they were in the kitchen again. That commie… Natasha, he reminded himself, was sitting on the couch, a cup of tea in her hand. Her gaze was cautious, and it had more intelligence than in Barton’s leering looks. The archer had a bowl and he was munching something which looked like cereals.
She couldn’t, of course. Before the little swan even noticed, her wings were clipped to stubble, making sure she never tried to reach the sky again. Never tried to escape her jailers.
“Fury”, Rogers huffed, raising his face to look at the observation deck. “Nice timing. We really weren’t doing anything important like being in the middle of the battle.”
It was not Triskelion, but it was certainly a military base. Even the medical staff carried uniforms. Usually that would have put Steve at ease, but now he felt only trapped. He couldn’t stay still, so he raised up to walk a tight circle in front of the plastic chairs. Three of them were occupied. The other Steve, the other Tony and Barton were also waiting to hear some news about Antonio, but the door, through which the nurse person had vanished, reminded closed. It made almost tears raise into his eyes and he squeezed his fists tighter to get that water withdraw back under his lids.
“I don’t know. This parallel stuff is quite vague. Our Tony isn’t like that other guy, right? So maybe he doesn’t have to be exactly like our Steve. Maybe he is shy. He is from the 40s. They got this thing called chastity that time.”
“Hey! You are supposed to be dead… For fuck’s sake, what a mess! Jake, bring some rag or something.”
Tony’s brief giggle had some desperation on it. “Right, Steve! Could… could you please carry on… soon like. Pretty please, Steve. How about… would you do this face to face?”
“That... thing”, Steve said and clarified his opinion with some PG-13 hand gestures, which were so endearing Tony watched them a lump in his throat. Steve was meaning penetration.
This was a uniform for a war. Was that it? The USA was in the war again and he was called to do his duty?
The locator around Janet’s arm looked like those wristbands which people used while making exercises. “I had to turn the alarm off. This whole area is infested by your Tony’s nanoparticles. The strongest signal seems to come from that garage. Maybe we should start from there.”
“You know”, Banner said, giving him a timid smile. “You are not exactly bad looking, and Tony is… he is like a magpie. A brilliant science bro, but as a person… You are really alright? He didn’t poke any needles in you? You didn’t see any strange equipment?”
“I wasn’t hiding. I just wanted us somewhere there are no outsides. You have a gun. Why? You said you hated guns. You hurt that woman, Steve.”
“I was… still am. We were sweethearts even before the army. Not openly, of course, not then. He was found afterwards. Brainwashed by Hydra, missing his left arm. But… it got better. We are married now.”
“Yes, thank you Captain Danvers. Now, if we could return to our main theme. You can tell me more about this training you got.”
“Banner, back off”, Fury said quietly. “Stark, you too. Stark, for Christ sake! Move that ass! Stop gushing over him! He just puked out human body parts. Nice and slow... Jesus! Why didn’t anybody think to restrain him?”
The city was beautiful. All blue skies and rooftops. He let himself lean on the railing, took a cig the other Steve was holding out for him. Those first breaths of smoke almost made him feel… Almost made him hear the voices of his long dead comrades in arms, to descent back to the battlefield. But the war was over, no need to…
“Twenty-eight seconds! He resisted Hulk gas twenty-eight seconds! He is a super soldier fucking supreme!”
“Your date is gone, Captain, and it seems he took Stark with him. I mean the other Stark… Shit, I am starting to sound like those idiots. They found Barton. He is still unconscious. Have you heard about lunch breaks? Or coffee breaks? It seem the guy in the monitor duty has this part-time job as his mother’s therapist and priest and confidant, he had been on the phone most of the day… Fuck! He didn’t even notice when Rogers clocked Barton and stuffed him into Stark’s bed.”
The glass let out another pitiful squeak, growing weaker. The thing gave them a triumphant smirk and raised its fists again. Fury was expecting the worst, but in the middle of the motion Captain fell sideways and slumped on the floor.
And that hadn’t felt bad at all. Hadn’t felt like he had been left out. No sir. A roomful of smashed furniture in Antonio’s mansion could tell a different story, but nobody had asked them.
“No of course not! Freedom of thought and all that. Those guys were caught in the act. They called it their
How did people manage this constant fear of dying? How would everything cease to exist without more reason than their leaders whim and the push of the button?
“It’s cool. Not like I can't fix it. Plus, it’s kinda hot. Check us out. We’re breaking headboards. We’d be very popular on Pornhub.”
“What’s this?” Brock laughed, picking up on Tony’s visible panic. “Don’t tell me you’re afraid of the water…”
Tensing, Tony jolted to wakefulness. Steve hadn’t asked to stay before, though he’d often given off signals indicating that he’d wished to.
“Real cute, babe,” Steve’s voice responded dryly from the other side. “You gonna let me in or what?”
“You’re the only alpha who’s purred for me,” Tony heard himself reveal, too busy floating on cloud nine to hold back the words.
“I feel like I dreamed that,” Steve’s warm breath tickled Tony’s ear. “I never dared to hope... You looked so pretty on your knees, baby. Prettiest damn thing I’ve ever seen.”
Tony ignored an irrational surge of jealousy. “I doubt he minds.” As a teenage alpha, the kid was probably a walking smorgasbord of hormones. And there was no denying that Amara was beautiful.
After finishing up with the tablet, Tony reluctantly climbed into bed. He re-read Steve’s messages and fell asleep clutching his phone, feeling weirdly more and less alone at the same time.
With that, he marched towards the pool before he could change his mind. It was eerily similar to walking the plank. The water rippled ominously, sunlight glinting off its reflective surface. Merely looking down at it threw his equilibrium off balance, like he was going to somehow slip and fall in. Like the water was a living entity that could physically drag him down into its depths until he never saw the surface again.
He couldn’t close himself off from it. Couldn’t turn himself cold in the face of such unconditional warmth.
The teen straightened, the image of Tony’s ultrasound clutched in his hand. His blue eyes were wide and stricken, too many emotions racing through them for Tony to name.
Seeing Steve with the kids all afternoon was having an untoward effect on him. The alpha was so damn good with them. Patient when he needed to be patient. Strict when he needed to be strict. If Steve ever had children in the future, he'd be the superhero of dads.
If he had to go through another heat, then the only person he wanted to share it with was Steve. Tony would be in good hands. No hands were safer.
to do anything.” Tony crossed his arms over his chest. Then he glared at Steve with the power of seven billion atoms—which was roughly the number of atoms it took to make up a single person—and stomped away, choosing to plunk himself down in a chair by the wall instead.
The teenager had finally hit his limit on the amount of bullshit and self-destructive spirals he was willing to take.
Rhodey had tried to tell him the same, back when it had all gone down, but Tony had been so raw then, he hadn’t been willing to hear it. Burying it had been his only choice for survival.
Heat prickled along his skin and he roughly yanked his hand free before the feeling could get any stronger. “Let go – I’m – it’s nothing. I’m fine.”
Watching Bucky and Steve attempt to master pirouettes and grande jetés was some of the best entertainment he’d ever been lucky enough to see.
“Alright. I won’t push you. But let me know if you change your mind. The offer’s still on the table.”
The boy didn’t exactly look cowed by his adultly presence. “What are you going to do about it, omega?” he sneered, spitting out ‘omega’ like it was a curse word. “I saw the ink on your neck. My mom told me about strays like you.”
“I like the heat,” Tony lied. “I plan to sit poolside and work on my farmer’s tan.” Because he would not be taking his shirt off in public. No way. No how. He’d been self-conscious about the scar on his chest even
It was so easy to tell someone to fight back when you were a good-looking, successful, eighteen-year-old alpha male. When you’d never once experienced real suffering in your entire life.
“Good,” Steve’s voice hardened further with a lethal sort of calm. “He could’ve killed you. He tries anything a second time, and I’ll do worse than that.”
“Right. I’m done putting up with this.” Tony inserted himself between them. “The alpha machismo ends now.” Pointing at Rhodey, “You—we need to talk. Follow me.” Jabbing a finger at Steve, “And you—stay.”
He filled the glass until it was almost overflowing, and then tossed back the shot, relishing how it burned on the way down.
The walls around his heart had taken another beating. They were getting flimsier, the cracks growing larger.
And in that moment, Tony believed him. The alpha looked as implacable and unmovable as Mount Rushmore.
His sex drive wasn’t usually something he had to worry about. After starting on suppressants, it’d been all but dormant.
A deep male chuckle made him turn his head, and he was taken aback for a second by the way Steve was staring at him. He was suddenly very glad that they were still in public and that the kids were around as deterrents.
He couldn’t hear what his friend was saying, but from the look on Rhodey’s face, he had a sinking feeling he knew what it was about.
Tony tried not to stare at the broad lines of the alpha’s back, but he wasn’t sure he succeeded. Just like before, their close proximity was apparently causing all the wires in his brain to overheat.
The mortification hadn’t ended there, either. Oh, no, that would’ve been too easy. He’d also woken up during some point in the night to puke his guts out.
“Why,” Rhodey demanded, as he slid his phone back into his pocket and walked over to Tony, “does my mother’s neighbor think I work at something called ‘Rhodey’s Repair Shop’ and why does she want to hire me to fix her toaster?”
If Steve had knotted him, the alpha wouldn’t have been able to leave him. They’d be tied together, their bodies interlocked for far longer than this.
Tony had assumed Rhodey and Steve would bump heads, but he hadn’t anticipated them clashing so strongly.
It was an alpha’s voice. Dominant, commanding, and infused with raw power, and it made everything inside Tony lurch to obey.
“What do you need, baby?” Steve’s mouth released one of Tony’s flushed, swollen nipples. “What are you ready for?”
staring at him. The teenager didn’t even seem embarrassed to have been caught looking. His handsome face broke into a smile and he waved.
I also wasn’t sure whether I wanted to take this fic to the next level of depravity or not and include knotting in the story, but then I was like, ‘self, what are you doing? This is already a nanny ABO fic, go big or go home’. So knotting is a tag now, I guess.
Holding up his hands in a supplicating gesture, like that would somehow convince Tony he was harmless, Steve said carefully, “You’re right. I’m sorry. I’ll keep my distance. I won’t touch you again today. You don’t have to go.”
Thor flipped the burgers, a ‘King of the Grill’ apron draped over his wide chest. “I put the meat on five seconds ago, Stark. It’s red. It’s still mooing.”
Especially because the alpha was still hovering over his shoulder. He was waiting for Steve to step away and take a seat at the table—hopefully
The effect he was having on the teenager was like nothing he’d ever seen before. Steve’s face was sharp with hunger, his eyes lust black. He was acting as if he needed this as much as Tony did. Maybe even more.
He let himself remember her. Let her spirit wash over him and become a part of him that he would carry around in his heart forever.
Rhodey didn’t take the bait. He’d gone into full-scale protective best friend mode. “Does this have something to do with that younger alpha? Has he been...is he bothering you?”
Sometimes, he swore he could see a better, more stable version of himself out there in the universe. Someone confident and put together. But no matter how hard he tried, he could never make that version a reality. Could never reach it.
For once, Tony was at a loss for words. Truthfully, he’d been slowly starting to forget why their age difference was a problem. A not-so-small part of him had stopped thinking of Steve as unsuitably young for him, and had started seeing the teenager as an equal. He knew it was wrong, but it was getting increasingly harder to care. “Got it,” he nodded with a gulp. “Not a kid.”
True to his word, the alpha had called Tony early the next afternoon. The teen wasted no time pressing for details on when they could see each other again. And, true to
Darcy let out a puff of surprised breath. “Oh. OH. Oops. Did I say he was in college? My mistake. Apparently, he, uh, just graduated from high school last month…”
“Are you sure? There’s no rush. I can wait.” The poorly concealed hunger in his expression did nothing to mask how much the idea of waiting pained him.
“Sorry. I phrased that poorly. I-I’m not trying to get rid of you, promise.” Tony nuzzled his face against Steve’s in apology. “I just...it’s too easy to get carried away with you. Kissing you kind of breaks my brain. And I’m not ready for...”
His daughter deserved to be treated better in death than she’d been treated during the short time she’d been alive.
He bled as much as he needed to. Endured the bruises, the broken bones, and the pain life dealt him, but he didn’t cry.
“Once or twice. It didn’t do them any good,” Steve answered back, and then, out of nowhere, he added, “You’ve got a bunch of sparkly stuff stuck to your face.”
“Tony,” the alpha sighed. His expression was soft but slightly exasperated. “If you haven’t figured it out by now, I’ll agree to pretty much anything to be around you.”
There was no time to plan much. At the same time when Tony’s computer told them somebody had opened the eastern side door, the jet’s equipments monitoring their surroundings detected a heat signature from that same place, and it was moving fast.
“I just”, Steve hesitated, when Tony took a sip from his glass, studying him over its rim. “This is a bit overwhelming, that’s all. I would have wanted to say goodbye to the other Steve and Janet.”
Janet let go and Captains met in a bro hug while Antonio and his counterpart were performing elaborate hand gestures. “Anthony”, Fury heard Antonio’s saying. “I see you have taken my advice and stopped coloring your hair. Silver is good look on you. How is Pepper?”
“Don’t go sassy with me, Captain… Antonio Stark should be stable. Get his captain out of that room for a while, will you? Drag him at least into the shower, the staff is starting to complain. Then you could take him to the movies or maybe a run. Just get his ass up from that chair before he starts to mold.”
“I see… I ask Tony to arrange you some other model. I myself like this one but… yeah, let’s cut the crap.”
The problem of their plan was that Barton should have been able to make himself invisible. Not just to execute the act but also because seeing him seemed to make SteveToo even more determinant and murderous, if that was humanly possible. Only thing on their side was that Clint knew the perimeter better. It was still dangerous game. Tony tried to keep Captain busy with his repulsor blasts, but it proved to be unbelievable difficult to hit a target when you couldn’t harm him in any serious way. A full blast would burn SteveToo’s face away or broke his spine under his protection gear, so Tony was being careful and that was like trying to play Jenga your better hand tied on your back. He had made SteveToo cover repeatedly, so maybe something was gained. But Clint hadn’t yet been able to find a good position to shoot his tranquilizing arrow.
Tony had tried to laugh it off at first, but when that drunken ass had spitted blood on the floor, he had gotten the message, loud and clear.
Tony had seldom felt such a disappointment. He had been already so sure, that… It was way worse than dropping your ice-cream on the ground or… It was… He felt how his playboy smile plastered over his face as he continued his ramblings. Maybe his smirk cracked a little around the edges but it was there, firmly in its place, Stark men were made of iron, you know… But for some reason, Steve didn’t feel satisfied with this course of action either.
Fury waited to hear a displeased grunt which always followed Stark’s endearments, but maybe Rogers had now other things in his mind. He pushed and twisted something and the armor Stark was wearing started fall apart at the seams. Soon Stark was standing there without his metal cover, wearing only black onesie.
Tony couldn’t turn his gaze from the sight. “It… it is real, isn’t it? Not just some custom made junk a cosplayer has thrown in the sea?”
He started saying that one aloud when he noticed Antonio was awake and able to listen. Of course that didn’t go as expected either. Or maybe it did. When had Antonio been able to take anything seriously?
Gail reached out until she could sideswipe him with the kitchen towel she had grabbed out of habit. “I don’t want to make you feel bad. If it is something that makes you embarrassed, love.”
“You… you speak English?” she managed after some long minutes, when the monster, the man didn’t seem to come any closer. “
“I don’t understand you, little one. Is that Russian? Or Ukraine? For us foreigners it is hard to know the difference.”
“No guns. Now, SteveToo, you play nice. No attacking any of us. We may look like people you know, but believe me, we are strangers. As you can guess, I am Steve Rogers, also known as Captain America. That lady you seem to have a beef with is called Natasha Romanoff, Black Widow. She is indeed a former Russian citizen, started her career here as a Russian spy, but she is part of our team now, a trusted teammate and a friend, and even if she weren’t that shouldn’t be you problem. Is that clear?”
Like the other Steve had read his mind. Next fifteen minutes he just ate, trying not to wolf it down. There were also scrambled eggs and breakfast muffins and toast and bacon and some tiny sausages… it was so much everything and it smelled and tasted so delicious. He had eaten fancy dinners when the Ultimates were asked to visit some party or other, but this wasn’t like that, it was god honest good food, like the one he got when he visited Gail and Bucky. He had always thought that the secrets of home made meals were one of those things only women were aware of, but what the heck. The other Steve worked like a chef. He himself could make beans and tomatoes, and maybe macaroni and cheese. When he had finally learned how to operate his microwave oven, he had gained more variation for his diet. Those instant dinners didn’t taste particularly good, though. If these Avengers took turns, it had to mean that the other Tony was a chef too. He tried to envisage Antonio with an apron over his fancy suit, making smashed potatoes and gravy, but his imagination failed him miserably.
Tony hesitated. Steve observed how feelings changed behind his restless eyes. Lust and hope, fear and thirst to drink, to made himself fall back into a soft world of liquid oblivion.
There was the wall and still lots of white, unblemished surface to break under his fist. For some reason, he didn’t hit anything, just opened his mouth and stated them the facts. Maybe it was because he didn’t like the way this other Tony was talking about Antonio. Even if Antonio was everything that had been said, he still thought it was unfair.
It was at the back of the place. Familiar green sparkles everywhere and freshly looking dark smudges too. Maybe they were not so dark after all, maybe they had a hue which filled him with premonition, so he took his glove off and touched one of the stains. His fingertips came out red.
“All right, soldier”, he sighed. “From the beginning. Take your time, and Stark”, Fury added when the man was about to say something, “you let Rogers speak or the guards will escort you outside.”
There was a smudge on the plasterboard. He had lost it momentarily when the doctor lady listed all Tony’s injuries. He should have hit that Anderson bastard so much harder!
Thank god, there was also the other Tony. The inventor gave him a worried look before he started fussing around a fancy looking coffee machine.
“It is not that Stark hadn’t give them lots of material during the years. There had to be at least half a dozen leaked sex tapes of that guy, and believe me Cap, all of them are not vanilla. No wonder he got exited. No disrespect, but those fangs of yours might have given him ideas.”
Steve didn’t try to keep him on the bed. He had said his piece and now was Tony’s turn to make a decision. His feet were already turning towards the closet which hid his stash of booze. Steve heart sank. But no, he hadn’t thought it would really be that easy.
The camera changed. Steve was standing on the overhang in front of the observation window, only vaguely realizing what he was doing, his only thought to sink his teeth into the men behind the glass. Seeing Tony’s face so pale and scared made something in his gut squeeze painfully. In the middle of pink mist, alarms blaring, and his uniform in tatters, Steve was like an evil spirit raised from the grave, ready to gorge himself with the flesh of the living.
“Yes, but it is not dangerous of anything. It is all over Tony every time. He needs it to function his suit.”
“Yes!” he shouted, jumping up on his feet. No idea what for. This was not a baseball game, this was the war all over again, even if those idiots didn’t always see it. A war against everything that threatened their way of life and values, it felt so good to pummel those urban terrorists, a battle he could win, so unlike all those other things he wanted to handle with his fists, but couldn’t. Those annoying or scary things in this new era. These idiotic and useless devices, women wearing ugly clothes or almost no clothes at all, men like upright propped tapeworms, children with no respect. Thank god, there were still some sane people left who thought like him. Men who wanted to be men, not some…
He halted his circle. The other Steve was looking at his comrade, his eyebrows tight. “Tony, maybe now is not a good moment.”
He woke up his head hurting. These people went to sleep, rose from their beds again the next morning. Somehow he had done it, somehow they just did it. Kissed their spouses and children, said their goodbyes, and used the day in labor. The mankind went on, not remembering the bomb but occasionally. Steve went on, because the wall did it for him.
It was at least 40 yards to the ground. Rooftops, balcony rails or asphalt. Happy landing, indeed. His old mama always said you found things you have left behind in front of you, and usually at the most inconvenient time possible. Yeah, he had showed off, who super soldier wouldn’t, he himself had said that almost exact same phrase and then jumped out of the airplane, but it had been hard to brag afterwards when you had to walk with a broken leg almost ten miles to their next stop. He had never before seen Bucky so pissed off at him and only a few times after.
“They are on their way”, Tony’s voice said on their comm. “Clint and I will be there in a couple of minutes, start looking.”
“I assume you didn’t last”, he suggested and Steve gave him a curt nod, still embarrassed but soldiering valiantly through his selected mission. “That is normal, darling, when you are inexperienced, and besides, you are a supersoldier with non-existing refractory period. If you want to last longer, we will make it so, it will just take some time and practice. Or did you manage to throw that salad bowl of yours with any accuracy right away?”
“Oh, don’t look so horrified. You don’t have to. I just asked if… forget it. I just wonder… Nat, our Nat said I smell of cancer, but she was speaking rhetorically, I think. I wonder, with your enhanced senses… do I smell obnoxious to you?”
That was actually a smart suggestion. It would be a relief for her too. Natasha had a thick hide, but standing there, being called names by one of her closest friends, was hard to hear. Was she really that vile a person that when Steve went delusional, he would fantasize all those horrible things about her? She had though she had changed a lot from those times she had been a Russian spy. But at the end of day, maybe she had to face the fact that nobody liked people like her. Steve was a Catholic and a keen reader, he would probably say the devil reserved for the traitors the best (the worst) room inside his house.
The place reminded him so much about Antonio’s fancy mansion, but on the other hand it wasn’t the same at all. This was surely a place which hosted strangers, and there were marks of them all around, little things people sometimes left behind when they moved away. The elevators didn’t work so he used the stairs. The upstairs rooms were soon browsed and he didn’t wait much about the search of the other living quarters either, but there had been a sturdy metal door which lead to the upper floor. He left it for now and descended to the sub levels from where he found the training faculties. Was this the place the Avengers had lived and left to theirs missions? It seemed likely.
“What I don’t want, darling, is your self-flagellation. It gets boring after a while, don’t you think? If you want to be disciplined, I will gladly lent you a hand or a whip… your behind would be quite a sight with those glutes rosy-cheeked, don’t you think?”
Then he came. Just like that. Maybe it was because he hadn’t had a drink for over a week now, or maybe those nice people very giving him some superviagra with his meds. Steve had pulled out when Tony had asked, but he got still lots of cum on his face. Lucky for him, no eye infections for supersoldiers. He didn’t look overly crossed either.
The man had some difficulties to remove his eyes from him and focus that he could answer Janet’s question. People ogling at him made him uncomfortable even on the best of days, but now it felt almost intolerable.
Tony Stark, CEO of Stark International. Or a spoiling pus in his ass, as Director Fury of the SHIELD called the man. Anyway, there he was, fresh as a fortysomething daisy and yapping how Fury’s call had disturbed his beauty sleep. Not that he would have needed any. The man was a drunkard or if one wanted to get clinical, he had owned serious substance abuse problems his whole adult life, but in spite of his lifestyle, he was still pretty. Oh God, how he was rakish, rich, and genius and knowing it too well himself. His good fortune didn’t make him humble and grateful, as said, a spoiling pus in an ass, which this time happened to be Fury’s.
“I wasn’t worried.” He really wasn’t, only annoyed. “What the fuck is his problem… Oh, sorry, ma’am.”
“This is a five story building”, Steve was saying, while showing Sam he should start from the next level. “It probably has a basement too. Any additional information would be appreciated.”
Steve called his name but Tony didn’t react. He didn’t know what else to do, so he climbed into the bed besides Tony, wrapped him into his duvet and his arms, whispering nonsense into his neck hair until Tony calmed down. He didn’t dare to move away in case the nightmares started again. Some time later Tony turned to face him and his breath on Steve’s cheek, his warm body in Steve’s embrace made him painfully hard again. But this wasn’t about sex. That was about what Tony needed right now, so Steve bit his lip and suffered and wasn’t it the sweetest suffering of them all.
“That was horrible.” She cried again and squeezed the piglet too hard, making it wiggle in discomfort. “Why are you telling me only horrible stories, Steve?”
“Yes, that will do nicely…” Richards mumbled, then moving his gaze as if listening to somebody outside the screen. “Yes, alright then. You can take off your clothes now, Captain.”
“Yeah, that is sensible, Cap”, Barton changed his tone. “There is no trusting the internet or those money grabbing bimbos and himbos Stark attracts like honey is sweet for flies. We are not exactly depended on those. Our Nat was his secretary for a while.”
“The body is indeed well-preserved”, Fury mumbled from inside his surgical mask. “I bet Doctor Banner is the one doing creaming at the thought to study… Yes, Tony?”
“Iron Man is a battle bot”, Fury explained. His lips were in their usual grim line, but his only eye shined with a light mirth. “It means it is a robot… an automaton. Its programming is extremely well adjusted what comes to battle tactics, and it is capable of independent decision making, but Stark hasn’t coded into it any social niceties. Its handshake would crush even your fingers.”
Barnes pushed himself up. "Yea," he stated. Steve had been awkward with him since he had found him in that room. He didn't know how to handle Steve when he was like this. "Let's keeping going," he said as he used the railing for support. Steve nodded as they continued down the long rafters.
her thoughts, or what she thought was her thoughts. She wasn't sure anymore. At least, the pain was gone thought, right?
incident. There was still a perfectly shaped hole in the center of the room, which was what Toni's attention was glued on. The device did have a ten foot range, which was the size of the hold, but something didn't make sense. If she thought back to her painful arrival in the past, the ten foot range was a perfect sphere, taking everything above and below. The hole in front of her was evident to that.
"And you can't tell anyone, because you know they wouldn't understand," she said slowly. "So you hide it, because no one should be burdened with it. Besides who would want to know anyhow?" She glanced back to the box. She acted the way she did, not wanting anyone to see how broken she was. "Maybe, if I act happy, I would really be happy." She said, slowly and softly.
It was a really sweet of him, but it was a bit creepy as well. If she didn't know Rogers, she would think he was some kind of serial killer. "Why? So you can murder me in dark alley?" she joked. You know, Rogers could be the prefect serial killer with the right strategy, she thought as no one would suspect him, the shrimp.
The genius doesn't doubt that, though he knows he will be dead if either Barnes or Rogers learns what he wants them to do to him. Serious, he's horny as all hell. What the hell! "Yea, but you won't let him kill me, will you?"
Natasha took a step forward, her eyes large as something dawned on her. "What about Stark?" She demanded. "And does this have anything to do with the drive?"
Toni's eyes widened as she turned in his eyes. "What?" she asked, hobbling and leaning off her bad ankle.
"I need one of those cores!" She stated as she leaned forward. Her elbows were on his desk and she was giving him her puppy dog face.
"Rogers," Toni uttered. She was at a loss of words for a few moments, as her mind couldn't wrap itself around the fact that Steve was here in front of her. Why was he here? How did she not scare him off before with her cruel words? "The man of justice, peace, and the American Way. What are you doing here, Cap?" she asked, trying to keep her emotions in check.
I also hope that you wish to continue this journey with me with Part two. I hope it have it posted in a week, so you might want to keep an eye out for it. Hint hint. You can clink the alert button to follow me or the series.
As if she was standing too close to a firework that just went off, her ears were ringing from the gun shot. For a second, she wondered if she was death? Were gun shots always that loud? "I'm fine," she replied, though she doesn't have any reasons to believe that. In fact, it was probably the furthest thing from the truth. She really wasn't feeling anything at the moment…So, it was possible that she was shot. It would be odd if she wasn't shot. She was
He pulled her in slightly as he shuffled backward closer to the trees. "You just like to flirt," he declared, frustrated. His hot breath was on her neck. "You do this on purpose."
It wasn't like Steve didn't know that, as Rollin took her when Fury died, but to hear it? God, it felt like someone stabbed him, especially when they had no idea where they took her. "Clint," he uttered.
Bucky closes his eyes for a few seconds, taking a few breaths, as he realizes that this conversion has turned dangerous. "Come on, Dollface. Let's get you back to bed," he says, his voice soft. "Please, Tony…" he begs as the genius doesn't turn to face them and remains deadly quiet. "I'm sorry. Please." His expression is nervous as he stares at Tony's back. "I just…I am…I…I worry. I can't lose you. I can't. Not after…"
"You aren't, but most women love me, well that if you don't count the ones whose hearts I have broken."
That isn't what Tony wants to hear, and he rushes back to New York at top speed. He knows Lang, Rhodes, and Vision can come up with something, considering the brain power between the three, but he doesn't like the idea of leaving his team hanging. He needs to be there. He needs to protect them.
I also want to build on build on Steve and Bucky's friendship, so I hope I add some in this chapter. I am also adding the Bucky/Steve Friendship Tag as their friendship will be big in this story.
The Colonel took a deep breath as this was one of the reasons why he hated dealing with Stark. He couldn't stand his pride. "For someone who just got schooled by an unknown woman, you sure have an ego."
Natasha pulls him down softly and wraps her arms around him when she has him on the sofa. "He's an idiot. Steve's an idiot too," she says, softly in his hair. "Both of them."
spy, a man who had probably saved the world more times than anyone knew. Though he couldn't go hand to hand against Thor, there was no doubt that he could get it done, which was why it felt so wrong seeing him like this.
Toni put back the hammer that some asshole had changed his mind about when he was checking out. He had given her his best smile that he could muster and asked her in the most annoying manly voice he could if she wanted to go out with him. She politely told him no, but that didn't work as this was the third time that he had done that. He had come in every day for the last few days and done the same thing, which was really infuriating. She had told Nick about it, but he just waved it off as nothing. He was happy about the increase in sales that Toni brought it and didn't want to start a fight with anyone by addressing it.
Toni let out a sigh of relief as she and Rhodes made it to the speed boat. It felt like a weight had been lifted off her chest in some sense, and it wasn't due to her newfound freedom, but rather, it was due to having Rhodes at her side. Like Steve, Rhodes was a rock for her. He had always been there for her, and he always would. He was the type of friend that she could count on to be there for her when things got rough, and since his best friend was Toni Stark, every day was rocky. However, a level of comfort grew between them that nothing could tear down, and it could withstand anything, including the mess they were in now.
Something snapped in her. "The man you knew was a fake!" She yanked open the glasses doors, ignoring the hunger pains, and walked Rogers into the wall. "The man I knew was an ass, who didn't give a crap about me!" She wanted to slap him. "He didn't speak to me unless he had to. He was just too busy to care. Too busy to tell me he loved me or even that he liked me."
His heartbeat raced as he wondered why she was doing this. What was she doing? Was she trying to hurt him? He knew this was more than her putting up shields. This was more than a mask. She was being cold, distant, and it was worse than before. It was like she was hurting and attacking everything around her. "You can't say that."
"They are clearly outmatched," the insane freak stated as he pointed to the screen. She couldn't see, but it had to be Rogers.
Nope." She replied, falling to her knees. She grabbed her chest, trying to force herself to breath. She tried to count backward, but nothing she did worked. However, she refused to stay down, even if it was a struggle. It felt like someone was swinging at her legs, but she didn't stop, as she would never allowed pain to stop her.
To answer some questions: This is will be a TonixSteve story eventually. Key Word: Eventually. It's just going to take some time for that to happen as Toni isn't going to fall for Steve easy. In the mean time, there is going to be some TonixBucky. At first, I wasn't planning on adding Bucky into the mix, but I find myself liking the triangle.
Rogers didn't want to admit how much that hurt. He also didn't want to admit how badly he wanted to see that ring on Toni's finger, but he knew he had to give her time. He just didn't realize how much he wanted it. He understood her fear and why she was hesitating. Knowing her history, he didn't blame her, and he was happy that she was honest with him, completely honest. He did take some joy in the fact that she didn't want to say no. She just couldn't say yes, which couldn't be a good sign, but he tried not to be too worry about it. Seeing his ring around her neck gave him hope, and it had to be a matter of time. He took it as a good sign that she hanged the ring with his and Bucky's dog tags. He knew how much that meant.
Her heart was racing and she wondered for a second of she was going to have a heart attack. "Want?" But the thought of choosing scared her.
she thought, thinking back to him. He was an asshole who was up to something, and she was going to find out what. "You forget I'm from the future. I know."
Sick to her stomach, she curled into a ball, trying to make herself as small as she could. She wanted to melt into the wall, realize how truly alone she was. Having dropped her phone in Steve's apartment, she was cut off from the world. From JARVIS. With her entire body feeling foreign to her, there was no way she was making it to the Iron Man suit, and there was no way in hell she was going back into Steve's apartment. No way in hell. It felt like—
“That’s a dollar in the swear jar, honey pie.” Tony snickered as Steve half-heartedly smacked his shoulder with a paw.
“That was one of the most morally unsound things i’ve ever seen, and I fight cold-blooded villains on the daily.” Tony huffed. They had time to find a booth and get drinks before Coulson had convinced the guy to let the rest of them through. Tony was sitting in Peter’s lap, and happy as a clam now that the leash was off and he’d been reunited with the team. The waiter had even brought him a tiny container usually used for condiments, and filled it with water.
“If you could bring him back with me-” She pulled the curtain aside and gestured for them to follow her. “He’ll need x-rays before I’m one hundred percent sure if the ligaments have been torn or not. They don’t seem to be, but better safe than sorry. And I need to see if there’s been any fluid buildup in his lungs.” Hannah waited as Steve scooped Tony up and then they were heading through the halls and towards the wing labelled ‘Radiology and Imaging’.
“He is only able to answer yay or nay questions, lady Romanov. Perhaps his intentions will become more clear once we unite him with friend Anthony.” Thor said, moving forward towards the hallway that lead to the basement stairwell.
“No, but there was someone else there when I got to the energy signature. It was too dark to tell if it was human or not, but it was around the right height. It moved kinda funny though, it was too fluid and quick to be a person, I think. It was like one of the shadows got up and started slinking around.” Tony explained, both Clint and Natasha frowning at him.
“So what’s the deal? Are you recruiting Spider-Man or not? If he’s on the team, he should know the details.”
“Please don’t do it again, though. Nearly gave us a heart attack.” Steve muttered, entering the jet and setting Tony down on a blanket that must have already been arranged by someone else on the team. He fit a clear cup over Tony’s muzzle and it was like a breath of fresh air- quite literally, since it was an oxygen mask.
“Peter Parker, you need to calm down, and let us explain ourselves.” Coulson said, and Peter’s face went white. Tony started to get nervous as he picked up on Pete’s anxiety, his fur fluffing out. “My name is Agent Coulson- remember me? We had a little chat after the events of last year. I think you’ll remember what I mean. You’ve come into possession of our property, and refusing to return it could have consequences- of the felony variety. This is a classified project, and it involves no animal experimentation whatsoever. If you don’t return him, we’re going to have a
Tony had always made his number one priority his teammates’ safety. When he was on the field with them, he could keep an eye out and prevent injuries. He felt less than useless as a dog; benched and forced to
Tony could admit that he too was guilty of it, but it all boiled down to one thing; trust. None of them trusted each other yet. Which was, quite frankly, ridiculous. They’d saved each other’s skins on the battlefield, but they would all rather cut off a finger or two than trust each other with their inner thoughts or more sensitive personal feelings.
“My… name…. Is…. Tony.” Peter read aloud, watching in amazement as Tony typed on the small device. He didn’t look like he could believe his eyes. “Holy
“Good news!” Hannah called, stepping into the room and pinning up around five sheets. Tony had no idea what he was looking at but Bruce was nodding a little.
It was a long ride down to the containment level, and the elevator made a brief stop at the main level- which was weird, this was the private elevator, and nobody had alerted Tony that they were visiting-
“Just a second, I need to take this call.” Coulson apologized, casting one last odd glance back at Peter before he left the kitchen and closed the dining room door behind himself. Maria had moved into the living room and they could just barely hear her voice murmuring through the open doorway.
“I got you!” A red-and-blue clad teenager leapt from behind Tony’s head, feet connecting solidly with the suit’s chest. It was smashed into the pavement (a bit over eagerly) for good measure.
He’d started around three-ish and barely had Dummy situated with a damaged boot before there was a soft
It wasn’t always a matter of secrets or discretion, though. Most of them didn’t want to be seen as weak or mentally unfit to be an active member of the team. Tony especially was careful, since his position was rocky, being signed on as only a consultant for SHIELD. He knew that Fury would probably jump on the opportunity to give him both the metaphorical and literal boot.
“Phil, what do you mean, ‘lose Tony’?” Pepper asked, fully stepping into the elevator. “JARVIS, keep the doors open, please.” The A.I. did as she requested, and Peter stood in the corner while Pepper leaned into his space to see Phil’s face on the phone.
“Coyote, are either of you hurt?” She said, louder, and Tony gave a single bark. Steve’s voice was distant as he started giving out orders. The backup must have finally arrived.
“What the heck? Are you buddies now?” Steve’s voice was hard as flint; he still didn’t believe Tony and he looked ready to kick him back out onto the street.
to tell them. Sometimes he made such split-second decisions that there was barely time to breathe before he was changing plans. He’d seen the girl drowning and didn’t even think before he was shooting towards her and getting her back to the docks where there hadn’t been anyone around to see her fall. He’d found a SHIELD medical tent and dropped her off there, but by then Thor had had to step in and save Clint from falling down into the collapsing building, and everyone was pissed because Tony wasn’t answering the comms.
“I have no idea what you just said or why you’re so excited, but I uh, I wanted to say thanks. For ya’know, helping out Aunt May, and stuff. I-I was really worried.” Peter stuttered, lifting Tony off his shoulder and re-positioning him so they could see each other face-to-face. From his new angle Tony could clearly see the left side of Peter’s face had taken a beating- he was bruised from temple to chin, and his bottom lip was cut. He’d also obviously been to medical if the butterfly bandages on his face were anything to go by.
“Alright. The Avengers had a run-in with Loki, and he transformed them all into cats.” Coulson went right for the meat of it, without beating around the bush like SHIELD tended to do. Pepper stood there for a second and blinked at the phone. She looked down at the cats gathered around Peter’s feet, and suddenly her face went from blank to horrified.
“And I’m sorry again for not letting you on the couch before. That was pretty mean.” Steve admitted, running a palm over the top of Tony’s head. Clint was always the most affectionate- he loved to scratch Tony’s head or rub his belly. Bruce, too, would give Tony a pat or ruffle his ears, but Steve hadn’t been overly touchy-feely.
“Jesus, if you’re mad about the- yea, I uh, I mean- I was trying to get back to my house, ‘cause, you know- and I didn’t get that far. And, uh, I was held up, by all the fighting, and what not. It’s not as bad as it looks.” Peter added, setting him back down on the workbench and shrugging.
“How long have you got? Because my sorry-ass life story could fill a book.” Clint muttered, chuckling quietly to himself after a beat of silence.
“Aristocats? I guess it’s appropriate, considering.” Peter said, plucking the remote out from underneath her and finishing the search. Bruce watched with wary eyes as Natasha huffed, slightly offended at Peter’s forwardness. She seemingly decided to give him a pass and she hopped from the sofa onto her chair and curled up on her blanket. Bruce stayed put as the opening credits started and watched with amusement as the other cats crawled out of the woodwork to settle in various places around Peter on the sofa.
“Turn your leg a bit more. Keep going.” Hannah was saying, behind a window with Steve and Bruce while Tony laid on the table underneath a lead jacket. He growled in pain as he tried to get the angle she wanted and was nearly ready to toss off the jacket and see himself out when there was a beep, and she told him he could relax.
He laid down on his side and started to lick at the wounds on his stomach, watching Coulson and a few agents storm into the room as they tried to figure out what had happened. Coulson directed his agents to containing the now-unconscious mystery cat while he checked on Loki and got out his phone to make a call.
Okay, I can explain! I uh got busy with college and completely forgot that I had two unfinished works just chilling. I'm sorry! If you're someone returning because of this update, holy shit. If you're new, I swear i'll get this finished! I know the update times look really bad, being a year apart and all, but it WILL happen. I already have like 40k of this one written so I only have to write a little more before it's finished. Expect a weekly update until I catch up to myself! At that point I'll let you know how the rest is going.
Clint started with the Chitauri, about the mind control he had gone through. That he blamed himself for what he did. That baking was something he could focus all his energy on, something that wasn’t destructive or violent and soothed his nerves, a balm to the memories he tried to forget.
“Was it rabid? Do we need to make Stark go to medical and get the bite checked out?” Steve asked, arms crossed over his chest and looking
As Tony entered the room, he was disappointed to find that he wasn’t alone. Everyone was there eating breakfast. Clint looked over his coffee mug to take in Tony’s drooping tail and hunched posture, and watched as he wandered over to his dog bed to flop down with his back to them.
The Captain glanced down at her before scanning the room. Clint had taken several steps forward but he stopped halfway through the room. Natasha hadn't move from the corner of the room; however, Bruce was on his feet, but he hadn't moved either. The Commandos were still on the couch, eyeing the scene in front of them. "Stand back," he said.
She didn't know when she had fallen asleep, but she couldn't have been asleep for more than a few hours at the best. It was still dark out, when she woke, and that meant she could sneak out of the bathroom. She opened the door and took a step out, almost tripping over a sleeping Rogers.
Natasha perks up and turns to Tony, eyeing him. "Are you okay, Stark?" she asks, as she runs her hand over his boot.
The Captain nodded and inched closer. Lowering to his knees, he studied the hole, which had no sharp edges; everything had a smooth cut. "What are the chances that she's alive?" he asked, his voice was shakily. He could see the room below.
He was playing with her and that pissed her off. She had no interest in playing this game with him. "You," she stated waving the wrench again.
In anger, she slammed her fists down on his desk. "Listen to me! I need to go." She paused as she tried to read his face. "If you don't let me go, I'll go anyways. Nothing I tried with the device worked, and this is my last shot. If I don't get this, I won't be able to go home." She let out a weak chuckle. "Besides, I'm not supposed to be here, so who cares if I die?"
The Asset kept in the shadows forcing himself at bay, not allowing himself within a few yards from her. It went against his training and programing. He was taught to study one's target before approaching, and if he was to make contract, it was to kill his target. He was never supposed to be seen, unless Hydra wanted to scare someone like the Senator. In this cases, it wasn't either one of those cases. He just wanted to know why he was so drawn to her, and he had to study her, to understand why.
"Nothing can make that worse," Bruce said as he smiled from one of the sofas. There was a small first aid kit on the table in front of him.
He had no idea why she kept calling him Salty but it was pissing him off. That wasn't his name and she should respect him enough to call him by his name, considering it was up to him if she would be freed. "She has a mouth on her," he stated, annoyed.
There were too many people in her tower, and she didn't know how to deal with everyone at once, especially now. She should've listened to Steve, but she thought she could handle it. She thought she could handle her emotions, but she was wrong, and it annoyed her. It annoyed her how weak she was. Really, she couldn't handle her own emotions? What kind of person was that? She was Iron Man for crying loud.
Her hands balled on the table as she exhaled slowly. "We aren't friends. Barely team members, so I don't know what you're trying to do. It seems like you're trying to make this into something that it's not. Did you get knocked on the head too hard, Rogers?" she asked as she reflected her hands. "Are you stupid?"
"You're looking at it wrong," Dugan stated as he stepped in deeper into the room. He leaned heavily on his worn cane. "You forget what this team has done for her."
Toni felt herself laugh. "I didn't do anything. If he's heartbroken, it's because of Agent Sassy Kissy Pants," she said.
Peggy laughed. "Don't worry, Toni," she started as she stepped into the circle. "I won't let him go too crazy when you're born."
"Your buddy here was in the park that night," Toni said, shifting slightly as she felt Steve next to her. Her ankle was throbbing again, a clear sign that she needed to sit down, but sitting was a position of weakness and she wasn't weak. "He was following me. Why is Fury sending his dogs to watch me?" She asked, sizing him up. "Not that he needs to with Birdbrains and Spider."
Peggy looked at Barnes for a second before she turned to Toni, who was blowing her bangs out of her face. "Sergeant Barnes, can you leave us? I have something to speak with Corporal Sark about." Her arms were across her chest and she stood firm. No one dared mess with her, when she was like that.
Toni tried to shoot up to get a better look of the clock, because that wasn't possible. How was it eleven Am? How was that even possible? First, Steve never slept for that long; he was an early raiser no matter how many hours he had slept the night before, and she was a Stark, which meant no sleeping for more than two hours. It was in her DNA. Her family DNA, even her father couldn't sleep for long.
hide. He's a Stark. They don't hide. This is why he stays in his lab for much of the day. He can't deal with their lovey dovelyness. He can't deal with their affectionate touches, and he definitely can't deal with their loving words to each other. Even with the playful insults, it's clear that they love each other more than anyone else in the world, and Tony can't deal with it. So instead of looking like an idiot, he stays in his lab, and it was working for a while.
"Yes," Toni responded as they started to walk. "Think about it!" She smiled, weakly. "And don't be so down on yourself." She took a deep breath but she didn't want to reveal too much.
It just has to be as they also do things to make him smile. This relationship isn't one sided in the least. Bucky brings him food all of the time, making sure that there's always something for him to eat when he comes up for air. No matter how late it is, the former assassin is always up to cooking or making something for him. He hardly has to beg the man, and Tony just loves that. Plus, he adores the look in James' eyes whenever he makes him something.
As Howard connected the Tesseract, Toni stepped back to her device and got down onto her knees. The interface that her father added would help her control the device better, allowing her to transport to the correct time. Though this was all a theory, Toni had faith that it would work. There was no way that both her father and her calculations were wrong. Now, she just needed to pick a time, and she had a day in mind.
Against his better judgement, Tony glances up over her blanket and peeks around the room, meeting everyone's gaze for a second before turning away. He takes a deep breath, knowing he can't hide from this. This woman has outed him, and he hates her for it… okay, no he doesn't, but he doesn't exactly like her at the moment—or any moment. "It won't change anything," he says as quietly as possibly.
Phillips stepped passed Howard to the open metal case. He reached for the device and slowly started to put it away. "I have a place in mind," he said, catching a look from Toni. "However, I would supposed it would be best for Stark to rest first."
"But seriously, you could do whatever you want to do and have fun. I hope you to." He paused for a second. "What makes you happy?" Sam askes, taking a deep breath. "Because you're allowed to be happy. You just have to let yourself, and that is to the both of you." He gave them both a knowing look.
Toni gave her a look, forcing a smile to her lips. "Of what?" she replied, putting on a happy face. "I'm awesome and I get amazing sex." Her smile only grew. "So why don't you leave before Steve comes back and realizes the the nice nurse is a Shield Agent spying on him. It will do wonders for your relationship or lack thereof." There it was. Toni loved the expression that fell on the Agent's face.
"I think Agent Sassy Pants is amazing nickname," Toni replied, trying to ignore the pain raising up in her chest. Before his death, Barnes had complained about not having a nickname and he would tease her for one. It had turned into a game for him. "Don't be jealous." Her hands went to the dog tags and squeezed.
Toni forced herself to take a few deep breaths, as she watched Steve faulter. She could see his head spinning. Peggy meant a good deal to the both of them, and this was torture.
Plus, it's funny to watch them. There was this one time that Bucky almost strangled Jim for daring to take a seat next to Tony. The genius was laughing the whole time as Bucky forcibly dragged the War Machine's stiff Pilot out of the spot by his feet. Steve was sniggering too as Tony curled up against him; however, the Captain wasn't so pleased when Natasha did the same thing to him the next movie night. Unlike with Rhodes, there's no dragging the Black Widow out of a spot… well unless you have a death wish.
Lab equipment could always bring a smile to her face, and even if her damn device never worked, it could also put a smile on her face. There was something about technology that could brighten up her day, even when her emotions were all over the place. The ability to create something was something truly amazing and it was mind blowing to know that she had created something.
Rhodes shifted in his chair again, not liking the look from Rogers. "I can fly the Mark 7. I have flown the Mark 2 before."
Wait…What? Her device? How could he have her device? It wasn't possible, but then what was it? Knowing it couldn't be the same device that forced her into the past, she knew it was a different one. Did he make a new device? How so? Yes, he was smart, but how did he figure out how to build one with incomplete blue prints? Did he really create to make a functional device? Or was this simply a failed look alike that Bruce was willing to work?
Hey all, Sorry it took me so long to get this out. I had planned to get this out sooner, but it didn't work out like that. I started this weeks ago.
However, this exhaustion wasn't doing her any good, any justice. Images kept flashing in her head, and in her tired state, she was unable to keep them back. Plus, she couldn't sort what was real or fake. Did she really see what she thought she saw? A dead guy? She knew the answer had to be no, because this was not the 'Walking Dead' or any other Zombie show, and the dead didn't come back to life…However, she shouldn't say
Toni had known Clint for a while now—well, how well could you know a spy?-, and she had fought beside him, defending the earth together. In all that time (even with Loki), she had never known him to be this. Never known him to be this angry, and it shocked the hell out of her. It took her back, shaking her to her core. "It was an accident," she uttered, unsure what else to say under that intense stare of his. Heck, she barely remembered how she got the bruise that lined her wrist, but she could admit how nasty it looked. She could acknowledge the hand print on her skin.
Taking a deep breath, she noticed the monitor's plug. I can use that, she thought. She reached for cord and yanked it, catching it in her broken arm. Using her nails, she pulled apart the plug, so she would use the little wires inside. After freeing some of the wires, she turned her attention to the handcuffed. "Fuck," she muttered. God was really playing a joke on her, wasn't he? It was going to difficult to pick free her right hand, using her right hand, but she was going to try. After a few minutes of struggling with it, she had given up using her right hand. Passing the wires to her left hand, she hoped she could do this.
Phillip glanced at her. "Are you okay?" he asked. Even if with cargo pants and a long sleeve shirt, he could still see that her body was lined with bruises and cuts. "Being tortured isn't anything to take lightly."
She looked up to her savior, expect either Barnes or Rogers (not that she expected Captain Shrimp to be able to do that), but she didn't see either of them. The unfamiliar man was a big well-built man, who stood high and proud. That was a trait that Toni could respect. The only thing funny about him was his facial hair that covered half of his face; she wouldn't want to kiss that.
She had woken up the next two mornings with tears running down her cheeks. Her hand went to her throat, and after talking a few deep breaths, she was able to convince herself that she was fine. She closed her eyes and told herself that everything was fine and she was safe.
The Genius is happy, truly happy, and he's glad—for once—that Wanda forced him into something that he didn't want to do. He wouldn't be here with these men if it wasn't for her pushing. Yes, Steve, Bucky, and he have things to work out, but Tony has learned something this past week. He has learned that honest is the most important thing in this relationship, and if he wants this to work—which he does, he needs to be open and honest with his partners. He needs to tell them about his insecurities that his father had planted in his head. He needs to tell them what he's feeling.
Finally taking his eyes off the genius, Sam turned his attention to the super Soldier. Though sitting for a while, sweat still ran down his face, he said, "I need a new set of lungs. Dude, you just ran like thirteen miles in thirty minutes."
"Take me back to the house," she croaked, tears running down her face. Everything was becoming too much for her.
"Thanks." Steve met Rumlow's eyes, giving him a nod before looking back at Natasha. "Why does it not feel okay?" he asked, softy. He didn't like the look she was giving him.
going to happen again. Though, it wasn't every day that SHIELD was taken over and Toni had no access to her suit.
Her heart started to race as he referred to her by her first name. Not only did that frustrate her, it made her slight of breath, because she had tried so hard to get him to refer to her by her last name in their last conversation. When he did, she knew she had gotten to him, exceeded in pushing him away, but yet, he was here, and she was confused. "I drive everyone crazy, Rogers," she replied. Steve gave her a look, and it send shivers down her spine. "So why are you here?"
Help me! Help me!" Savin said, mocking the young boy in his hands. There was a nasty grin on his face as he held on to the boy tightly.
Behind them was the smiling Trip, who was keeping a close eye on the two elderly men. It seemed that Trip was never more than a step away from the men. "I'd better go after them. My mother won't be happy if one of them breaks their hips…again."
Again, let me know what you think through the reviews. I hope the end didn't seem rushed. Don't want to drag on forever, and it seems to work to end it here.
"I disagree," Peggy interjected. "Some of man are. And besides, aren't you calling the pot black, Howard, with the number of sexual partner that you had?"
"Toni," he spoke, softly, as he reached forward and pulled gently into his arms. Without wasting a second, she nestled her head on his should and buried her face in his neck. He could feel her hot breath on his skin, as he held her firmly in his arms. "Toni."
Talking was the last thing she wanted to do. The first was blowing up her device, if it wasn't already destroyed. The second was burning the blue prints. After that, she wanted to get wasted until she forget who she was. Oh, she couldn't wait until she could forget. She wanted to forget everything. "No, but we can talk about your grandson if you like," she said with a wink.
"How did I miss that?" She asks as she steps away. "How did I miss that?" she repeats as if it's the biggest sin in the world. "They're acting like someone kicked their puppy, and during those weeks you vanished, they were the biggest assholes on the planet. They wouldn't stop pacing, whining, or checking the lab every few seconds. The Team just assumes it is because you broke up with them."
