“Hey, Cas…we’re home, you gotta wake up, buddy…” he spoke softly, and eventually, Cas began to rouse from his nap. He whined a little in protest, prompting a disguised laugh from Dean.
“Little angel, you aren’t a bother to me. I always have time for you, you know that…You don’t have to suffer alone. That’s part of the deal, right?” he murmured comfortingly to Castiel, who managed a little smile as he tipped his head up towards Dean. He looked at him with pure adoration, the earlier fog of despondency clearing. Dean ruffled his hair gently.
He ate both slices and was once again disappointed. The feeling remained, perhaps only getting stronger with the frustration at his lack of relief. Now he just felt full and miserable. He swallowed down the lump in his throat, took another deep breath and tried to keep it together. There had to be other options…
Instead, he started crying. He started sobbing, his body shaking as he sniffled and allowed the emotions to take over. It felt good, cathartic. Well, it did until Dean started asking questions. That wasn’t so good, but he’d take any kind of escape at this point.
Sam! What did Sam do when he was upset?
“That’s okay, as long as you’re feeling better now.”
The car shook suddenly.
Dean rolled his eyes with a soft chuckle. He had asked for that, really. It was a good sign though, it meant that Cas was clearly feeling better. He counted that as a win.
“Dean?”
Just a couple of minutes, then they’d be comfortably settled in bed without a care for anything outside of the safe confines for their room for a few hours. That sounded ideal right about now.
He rolled his eyes fondly at his lover and turned his attention back to the road, lowering the volume of the music coming through the speakers. They didn’t have long to go now, all he had to do was get them back without disturbing Cas with any bumps in the road. He always thought it better to let sleeping angels lie, even if they were without their powers. He didn’t think much of the gesture, he would’ve done the same for Sam-
“Just…I felt like this all d-day…” He admitted, giving a shaky sigh as he tried to pull it together.
“It’s nothing.” He said simply, and Dean nodded, not pushing it any further.
He shouldn’t rely too heavily on Cas telling him if there’s something wrong. He was still getting used to his newfound humanity. He didn’t believe that his partner was stupid, but he was a little clueless about certain things. It made sense that he hadn’t realised that something was up until it was too late to prevent further symptoms, like he had done this time. All Dean could do now was try to provide some kind of relief.
“Mm…I love you, Dean.”
Castiel didn’t respond.
Still, he didn’t have to be a doctor to know that something was wrong.
Probably doing work. Probably doesn’t want to be disturbed.
He liked to read. Sometimes he exercised. He also listened to music, but Cas was unwilling to try that again. He hardly even wanted to try exercising, but he was desperate by this point.
He decided to put his plan into action.
“It makes me…very happy.” He spoke after swallowing his food, giving that smile that always made his heart race.
Castiel walked into the room and went towards the table. Dean didn’t look up from the screen in front of him. He must be really focused, maybe he shouldn’t…
At least he had the decency to keep his head over the bag as he ate, and he kept his eating sounds to a minimum. Cas was always polite like that.
“’Fraid we gotta move, sugar. C’mon, I promise we’ll go straight to bed.” Dean hummed, and Castiel huffed but nodded in agreement. He was about to get out of the car, but the other hadn’t moved just yet. Instead, he looked at Dean expectantly.
No matter, he still had the music. He liked to sit and listen to whatever was available, Led Zeppelin being particularly enjoyable. It made him think of Dean, his smile, his laugh, the way he rested his hand on Cas’ knee as they travelled in the car just to touch him, to let him know that he was there. That brought a little smile to his face. His lover always made him happy. Dean always made him feel warm inside. He was the one that had finally made him understand the sparks people described when they touched someone they loved, and he could only hope he had the same effect on Dean.
There was another jolt of pain in his head.
“Do we have to move?” he asked, and Dean just chuckled.
“Might be.” He mumbled after a couple of seconds of thought.
When they were in bed, Castiel curled himself up as small as he could, cosied up against Dean’s now bare chest. He thought it might keep him warmer faster, and he always got way too hot at night. It worked for Castiel and that’s what mattered.
He back down on the couch and opened the book, not choosing a particular starting point as the stories didn’t seem to have a specific order. He read a few but, shockingly enough, he didn’t feel any better. If anything, he felt worse because he didn’t get it. What was the point of them? He was left with more questions than answers at the end. He closed the book and angrily tossed it aside, another negative emotion creating an interesting cocktail with the desolation that already had placed itself in the pit of his stomach. He didn’t feel like try anything anymore, he just wanted to scream and-
He thought about Dean. What did he usually do? What made him happy?
Castiel didn’t know much about human bodies. What he did know came from Sam and Dean, and even that was pretty limited.
“I feel…a bit better.” Cas admitted with a nod.
“Glad to hear it. I know you might not wanna talk about it but…what made you upset?” Dean asked, still cradling Castiel close.
He had come to accept it a while ago. He was whipped. He hated that term, but it was the only way to describe it. He was well and truly whipped for this angel. Case in point being that sure, he’d try and avoid bumps in the road if it were Sam sleeping in the car, but he doubted he would’ve nearly had an actual heart attack because he nearly woke him. He guessed that that came with loving someone the way he loved Cas.
Dean carefully massaged soap into Cas’ skin, soothing his muscles the best he could from outside the tub. It seemed to be working, he was perking up and getting a little colour back in his cheeks as the treatment went on. They both knew that he was totally spoiled, but Dean couldn’t help himself and Cas enjoyed the attention. It was a win-win situation, really. It just made sense.
It took a couple of moments before it registered in his mind. Castiel helped him along by tipping his head up just a bit, some of his hair falling onto his forehead with the same look remaining on his features.
“I-It’s not y-you.” Cas managed to hiccup, muffled by Dean’s chest.
The change in his attitude was almost immediate when he was in the water, however. It seemed to work its magic as soon as it touched Cas’ skin, prompting a moan of relief as he sunk down into the comforting heat. Dean was slightly relieved himself. He didn’t like to see those he cared about in pain or discomfort but was thankful that he was able to at least alleviate it.
“Mm…”
He put a DVD in the player that sat underneath the TV, the movie being the one with the tuberculosis that Dean made him watch before. He got settled in as he usually would, taking the blanket from the back of the couch and wrapping it around himself and curling up in the corner of the seat. He watched quietly but got about halfway through before he turned it off. He didn’t enjoy it; he was bored, and the sinking feeling remained in his stomach. There was a reason he let Dean watch these movies alone, he realised.
“You enjoyin’ that?” Dean chuckled, glancing at Castiel as he lovingly gazed at the burger in his hands.
He watched him for a couple of extra minutes until he decided that they really should get inside and get to bed, leaning over to give his boyfriend’s shoulder a soft nudge.
Castiel ate and Dean drove. That was the good thing about driving with Cas, he didn’t constantly feel the need to fill the silence. It was nice to not have the pressure of keeping a conversation, to be able to just relax. Maybe that explained why he didn’t notice it at first.
He felt too bad to really care a whole lot about it either way. Sure, they had talked about personal space, but they were romantically involved now. He was sure the boundaries on personal space became more relaxed between couples.
At first, he hadn’t thought much of it. That morning, he had woken up to slight chills and a headache, but he blamed the chills on Dean’s side of the bed being empty, the headache probably just being the result of the sun streaming through the window and onto his face. He was beginning to get used to this body and after being told several times by the brothers that random pains that weren’t unbearable were probably nothing, he tried to keep that in mind before going to them and claiming that he was on the edge of death.
“That’s what I like to see. You feel better? Sometimes, ya just gotta cry it out…” Dean spoke softly, pressing a kiss to Cas’ forehead as he had silently asked.
“You don’t sound it. What’s up?” the other questioned, his arms coming to rest around Cas’ waist. it was a loose grip, but it felt nice. Dean holding him always felt nice. One of the benefits of being human, he supposed.
They probably didn’t even notice anyway. Somehow, that made him feel worse.
Dean rolled his eyes affectionately, carefully moving the hair from Cas’ forehead and leaning forward to plant a lingering kiss on his forehead. He then rested his forehead against Cas’ own and closed his eyes, the other doing the same as they relaxed for a minute or two like that. They could’ve stayed like that forever, but the sensible part of Dean realised that that probably wasn’t the best idea.
No. This wasn’t right. He wasn’t going to allow this to take over his day, he could make himself feel better. Other humans did it all the time, whether they had a reason to feel bad or not. A reason didn’t matter, he decided. All that mattered was that he felt bad, and he had to make it better. He wasn’t going to let some stupid chemicals stop him from going about his day. Standing from his spot on the couch, he took a breath and thought. What did humans usually do to alleviate this feeling?
“Cas?”
Yeah, being this cute seriously wasn’t fair.
Arriving home after avoiding every other hazard on the road to the slightest differences in texture, he parked and turned the engine off as he let out a relieved sigh. He then glanced to his angel in the seat next to him, and he could only smile as his chest filled with nothing but fondness for him. he was still fast asleep, completely dead to the world and oblivious to the effort Dean had gone to in order to keep it that way. He came to find that he didn’t really mind that. Not everything he did for Cas had to be rewarded. He did things for him because he wanted to, getting to do them at all being the real reward for him.
it would be. Broken glass gouging into his skin wasn't exactly a thought he wanted to dwell on, so he walked briskly back across to the front of the cabin with his gun clasped tightly between his hands.
"Okay," Castiel said quietly, scratching his forehead. "Okay, well ... I never got to ask how
And there was visiting. So long as he knew where Sam and his dad were, he could stop by without John noticing.
Castiel huffed out a laugh. “All we’re doing is sitting together.”
“Because so far you haven’t actually given me examples of anything
"The fuck you doing, Cas?! Lie back down!"
"Got a call from Rufus," Bobby stated, shoving a hand in his jeans pocket as he leant against the doorframe. "He's heading down to Vermillion for a case and asked if I'd lend a hand. Thought I'd check if you'd be interested in comin' along too."
John bellowed, and Dean shut his eyes before the tears could fall, not wanting his dad to shout at him for longer than he could handle.
Cas came back into sight shortly after Dean felt a pair of knees hit the floor, and he bundled the fresh corpse up in his shadow before the rest of it had time to land, dragging both decapitated bodies from the hall into the dingy room. Castiel closed the door behind him on his way in, resting against the chipped wood with a hand on the doorknob as he turned to look at Dean. “You doing okay?”
Bobby didn't hang around in the house for long once he went downstairs, and the rumble of the older man's Chevelle soon sounded through the open bedroom window, prompting Dean to actually do something productive for a while. He still hadn't got around to doing most of his chores, but he felt like leaving the cleaning until later in the day when it wasn't anywhere near as hot in the house to make things more bearable.
But the thing was, Dean wanted to call him. He really did. Even if it was pretty selfish of him.
Dean walked over to where Castiel was awkwardly positioned, staring down at the guy in confusion because he
“I mean after that. Once you’ve taken me home. What then?”
The water shortage wasn’t too bad seeing as the spring behind Castiel’s cove never dried up or became dirtied by the dry soil scratched from the ground. It was shielded and constant, until the frost hit. That was the only time it became a difficulty.
"Wow. Thanks, Cas. Couldn't you have dressed it up a bit?"
"I can laugh at you if I like, you big loser," Castiel told him, and Dean snorted, rolling onto his back.
"Look, he's agreed to help! I don't see anything wrong with it!"
They’d hunted as a party of four: John, Mary, Alastair, and Azazel. Back when they were all on talking terms.
"Come on, Sammy. I thought mint was your favourite," he teased, letting Sam's face hover above the green mess. "I bought this for you specially."
Fuck, he couldn't say it. Should he say it?
“Sorry.”
This was the longest Dean could ever remember staying at Bobby's for, but he hadn't settled in quite like he used to be able to. Maybe it was because of all the tension. Dean couldn't remember the last time he'd felt this ostracised from everyone he felt close to - especially Bobby - but he figured he'd just try and come clean completely once he went back. He didn't really care about the consequences anymore. He just wanted to make sure that his side of the story was heard and understood at least once in it's entirety before the older man made a decision on who he believed.
Dean didn’t have to put on as much of a front when he was with Castiel.
thought only made things more concerning, because there mightn’t even be anything left of Castiel to even salvage from the wreckage.
"Now, I know I didn't exactly
Castiel tore his eyes away guiltily. “I can leave for a while if that would make you more comfortable?”
“Yeah, maybe don’t thank me til you’ve actually tried it,” Dean mumbled, a strained smile pulling at his lips for a moment.
Obviously, Dean couldn't relay the whole prediction to Bobby this late in the game. It probably wouldn't have even cut it in the beginning, and now that Dean knew about the whole charming thing, he still had concerns about whether or not that was something that would affect him further down the line; but the most important thing was that Castiel had protected him in the future, and that was all Dean needed to feel better about the current situation.
Crowley had offered him partners in the past, but the companions offered seemed just as reluctant to work with him after actually meeting him for the first time … or after hearing he was an angel.
Dean didn't even know what it was that he wanted to cook yet. He regretted not looking at recipes before coming out here to ...
As of yet, he actually thought Dean had been coping pretty well. Maybe he was a little quieter than he'd been back at the cabin, and maybe he was a bit tenser, but Castiel wasn't gonna bring it up in their next conversation. Dean was going to be fine.
how I meant it!”
Well, it wouldn't simply be for letting a fucking angel screw around with the kid. Everything about this was going against John's orders, but Dean felt good knowing that in doing so Sam would genuinely be okay. He'd rather not think about what his dad would have resorted to after finding out that angel blood didn't work at all.
He had reached a new high point in his life.
The only difference between John and Bobby was that Bobby wasn't stupid enough to want to try and kill an angel in the first place.
"Why'd they take the piss out of me?" Dean asked, looking up at him again. "You're awesome."
But that wasn't his concern. If the bracelet remained attached and Castiel found himself in a compromised situation, it wouldn't be a difficult task for someone to recarve sigils and the like into the metal.
And then Dean was leaning into him, an arm curving around his waist as the demon shifted to the side, and Castiel stared at the boy cautiously, the shadow daring to move higher.
"Yeah," Dean replied, watching the tension gradually drain out of Sam's form. "Stretch those scrawny legs of yours."
He tried not to let the buzz of energy distract him, thumbing over the engravings in thought as he tried to remember which spell each one was responsible for.
"Do you want me to take you to the hospital?" He asked quietly, finding it hard to look at Bobby's blood-spattered face. There was disappointment written in his features, a sadness in his eyes that Dean didn't fully understand, but he knew that there was little he could do to make amends now. Not with Rufus here.
Dean frowned. “What?”
Castiel watched the grin pull at the corners of Dean's mouth, his face still stained pink, and Castiel smiled when their eyes met, pleased that the demon was looking a lot more cheerful.
Just not now. Not for a while. Castiel still wasn’t accustomed to being able to talk about himself so freely, so keeping his own personal boundaries in place for the time being was most definitely the more sensible option.
“I’m not healing fast because there’s warding all over the fucking place,” he grumbled in irritation, but he let Dean handle him regardless, trusting the boy to do what he felt was necessary. He rather doubted that Dean would intentionally hurt him anyway. “Why didn’t you just take me back to the motel?”
"Can you give me a little more than that? I don't know either state particularly well so you're gonna have to give me some kind of direction."
But it still didn’t make any sense to him. There was no way Castiel would still be alive if he started hunting when he was eight - and he definitely wouldn’t be as fucking articulate. Although Dean knew that Castiel was strong and that angels were typically pretty powerful creatures, why would Castiel even know what hunting was at that age? Dean got that a lot of people were driven into hunting by the want to seek revenge, but this just seemed … it just wasn’t plausible!
to be hurt.
Well, obviously Cas had also been in completely unfamiliar surroundings, bleeding out, but this was the second time Dean had seen Castiel heal someone and be sick afterwards. The bestiaries hadn't really gone into detail about any adverse effects that angels suffered from, but Castiel seemed to develop this second kind of illness with cases that were more intense.
But something didn't feel right, and it wasn't until too late that Castiel was able to really register what was going on.
He was trapped.
Okay, now he was feeling worse about letting the asshole sleep on the floor, but it wasn’t as if Cas would be as accepting of anything Dean gave him. He’d turned away food, and as far as Dean knew, he hadn’t even used the blanket, so there wasn’t actually any point in offering.
Castiel didn't look at the text that followed the call for about twenty minutes, continuing with his training to try and get him in a better frame of mind. Crowley apparently didn't intend on them meeting for another 2 days anyway so after he acknowledged the message he headed outside to practice adapting his powers for other uses. He left his phone back at the cave because, whilst he hoped Dean would contact him, he was doing his best not to think about the boy at all if it could be helped. Not whilst he had something so important coming up. All this worry and unease would only make him feel worse.
Dean straightened up, rolling his lips between his teeth as he started toward the door, letting his shadow lead the way.
Cas, oblivious to everything, continued around the room until he'd cleaned up a fair bit. Although Dean was trying his best to focus his sight elsewhere, he could still see Castiel pause and stretch in front of the kitchen sink, his shirt rising up slightly as he let out a soft yawn.
“Sam knows Bobby’s number anyway, so if he had the opportunity himself he’d call,” Dean continued, handing Castiel one of the bowls. “Think my dad might be keeping an eye on him at the moment though. Wouldn’t be surprised if he’d done the same to Sam as Bobby’s done to me to stop us from talking.”
Unless, of course, it was receiving orders from someone else. If this was about his blood – if whoever it was, was intending to drain Castiel, regardless of whether the act was illegal or not – then Castiel understood the reluctance to hurt him.
Dean sat up a little bit straighter at that. “Like, exactly the same every time?”
"Wow. And here I was thinking you'd spent the past two days just sucking face with an angel."
Dean wasn't really sure what he'd do if things ended up going south though. There was no way he'd feel comfortable asking Cas if he could stay with him for a while, no matter how much he'd like to, and he definitely didn't have enough money to keep renting motels unless he started hunting on his own.
But Bobby was a lot more understanding than John was. And he did seem to try to make an effort to listen to what Dean had to say. At any point during the call, Bobby could have simply hung up instead of sticking around - and it definitely meant a lot to Dean to have Bobby stay on the line, even if he still wasn’t sure how much the older man had actually paid attention to his words.
He didn’t particularly want to dwell on that though. It made his chest ache to think about Castiel hunting by himself at such a young age, and although he was undoubtedly interested to hear more about Castiel’s past, Dean imagined it wouldn’t be a very pleasant story for the angel to tell.
Castiel looked to the man on the couch to divert his attention, rolling his lips between his teeth as he considered where he should even begin with something this severe.
to have negative effects he'd know to avoid it.
I had to say." Dean tore at the material, ripping the rough fabric to distract himself. "But he told me if I didn't do what he asked, I can't go home, so uhh ..." He forced a laugh, feeling the burn in his nostrils. "Guess I'm not going home."
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel would be lying if he said he didn't miss Dean the moment they parted in the woods, glancing back once to catch the boy's gaze before Dean was replaced by the light dusting of ash. There were words circling in his mind, ridiculous propositions and questions that could potentially brighten the expression on Dean's face. Words that he'd swallowed with a smile and light wave as he'd backed away.
"Don't fucking touch me again."
He couldn't help but think about what his future might hold as he continued the rest of his journey to the bar. All he could really think about was having a permanent place to sleep. Somewhere comfortable, warm, and consistent. It didn't even have to be dressed up all fancy like the apartments he saw featured in TV shows.
He'd also
But, with the way things were looking, it would be very difficult for Castiel to worsen Bobby’s conditional.
“Don’t apologise, Dean. I didn’t have any issues sleeping the last time we shared a room.”
"You alright, Dean?" He asked, propping himself up on his elbows.
choose to call, then Castiel could address it on a different occasion.
Dean grinned. "Just because there's not, doesn't mean I'll let you abuse it."
He hated the fact that he was starting to get used to this. That he was letting his guard down more and more in Dean’s presence. Castiel didn’t actually feel the need to defend himself, not at all threatened by their interactions; and if anything, Castiel enjoyed Dean’s company so much that he wasn’t at all looking forward to being apart from the boy. Although the tension between them earlier on had been a little uncomfortable, he knew that Dean meant well and was genuinely looking out for him in a way that Castiel had only experienced as a child. Dean hadn’t intended to be difficult earlier on in the evening anyway. He’d had a stressful day.
angel had started shouting up from the basement again, demanding answers. It was like the asshole didn't even consider the fact that
Castiel was actually kinda sweet, even if that was an incredibly sappy and ridiculous thing to say, but Dean was beginning to find it really easy to like the guy.
The demon grinned at him, rocking back on his heels. “What’cha doing?”
“Well, what else do I do? I don’t want you bleeding out and dying in my fucking bedroom!”
Not that he would necessarily have needed to be training or developing his powers if he were pursuing a life as a human adult, but hunters were everywhere. Castiel wished he'd known from the beginning that there were genuine threats out there that could have impacted his life at any point and that he should always be ready just in case.
"Yeah, I'm sure my dad'll set you free after he hears that," he muttered, tightening his grip when the angel flinched in his hold. "Gonna need a little bit more than a fucking sentence to explain this, Cas."
die."
Despite his want to help, Dean actually found himself taking a few steps back when Cas collapsed forward onto his hands and knees, the floorboards cracking beneath his palms as a low humming resounded around them and light pulsed intensely from the angel’s position. The wood began to split beneath the carpeting and the entire room seemed to tilt inwards towards the angel, accompanied by an ever-increasing high pitched frequency that made Dean’s bones ache with each and every passing moment until all he could see was white.
The boy was young. By normal standards, considered too young to even survive the turning process, yet here he was: shrunken in on himself in the far corner of the room, having watched Castiel murder the beast responsible for such an occurrence.
“No, no. I … I haven’t finished healing your brother yet.”
“Metal isn’t very difficult to corrode. I would have tried to break the collar, but I was worried about the damage it’d cause to my body,” the angel stated, and Dean stepped down from the beam to walk past, not really caring anymore. He was too occupied trying to think how he could bypass the deal, because there had to be some way he could set Castiel up without having any of his bones broken or his organs crushed. Maybe there was a sigil he could add to the collar to put Cas under.
"So what were you going to say?" He pursued, watching Castiel's expression warily. He didn’t know if he’d upset the guy, or if Cas was going to start complaining about how much Dean talked again, because he’d heard that twice within the first five minutes of actually walking around the store, and he was actually surprised Castiel hadn’t told him to shut up more often, what with him having waffled on about the fucking X-Men for God knows how long before even showing Cas who Psylocke was.
On that note, Castiel tentatively lifted the base of his shirt to examine the wound on his stomach to see how it was faring with his current energy levels. He’d taken off the dressing a few hours ago, and as the deepest parts of the injuries had been sealed over with thick, purplish layers of scar tissue, Castiel had decided not to waste any more supplies on the wound. The state of his abdomen wasn’t exactly great, but it didn’t require much focus of his Grace to numb the pain caused with the pull of basic movement. Until he’d probed the gashes earlier, he hadn’t even noticed just how tender the surrounding flesh was.
Castiel averted his gaze to the small wood carvings as they went by the mantle, honestly rather impressed by the demon's talent, even if he'd ignored the boy's comment earlier.
Dean couldn't ever imagine falling out with Sam completely. Like, their relationship was the one thing Dean would always try his best to protect. He knew Sam's boundaries, and even when he did go over the top with the teasing and they fell out for a few days, it was never damaging. It was easy to fix.
This was another look Dean hadn't seen on him before but he couldn't exactly place what it was, especially when Cas almost refused to look at him outright, his long fingers reaching out to toy with the change he'd left on the machine. Dean could all but watch, pretty much enthralled by every slight move Castiel made.
It only reminded Dean that Castiel probably didn't get given things very often, and he felt a familiar pull in his chest as he continued to think about just how different their lives were.
Castiel didn't know whether he should have felt saddened or amused by that comment, but he brushed it from his thoughts, focusing yet again on Dean's actions as he went about waking his younger brother.
“Oh, uhhh … think one’s gone downstairs, but the other three are on the third.”
Castiel hummed in acknowledgement, resting all of his weight back against the tree trunk as he kept pulling at the grass beside his hip. He wasn’t overly fussed as to whether or not Dean wanted to converse, but if he had a preference, he’d very much like to talk. It wouldn’t be long until they would finally part ways, and although Castiel still looked forward to that moment in time, he also continued to worry about how the demon intended to go about life on his own.
He felt the footstep on his shadow before he had the chance to move out of the way, the hand clamping down on his good shoulder firmly as Bobby started up conversation.
To be frank, Dean was still pretty worried about the guy too. Castiel wasn't all that open about his current state - and Dean wasn't expecting him to be - but he was willing to help in any which way he could so long as he could truly show his gratitude.
“You wanna talk about it?”
Dean figured something really bad must have happened in Castiel's past to cause him to have them so frequently.
So he was fairly surprised when Castiel simply closed his eyes again as opposed to getting up and actually
He cradled it to his chest, rubbing his thumb rhythmically over the back of its neck as he began to lull it to sleep with slow pulses of his Grace. It was a method he'd worked hard at over the years, and he admittedly still struggled with it a bit. He doubted he'd ever be able to use such a technique on anything larger given just how weak a talent it actually was, but he'd also never really been given an opportunity to try it out.
He was hardly even in pain anymore. The skin on his abdomen was a little tight as shallower parts of the wound scarred over, but it wasn’t all that noticeable.
Castiel didn’t know how it worked – or even if that was the case at all – but it’d be wiser to address the topic as opposed to leaving his questions unanswered forever.
"You've got twenty minutes. Hurry your ass up."
possible cause, and even if Dean had no answers, at least Castiel would have tried to figure it out.
would not go down well. "I've just never seen an angel's eyes before. I didn't expect them to change colour."
And he never used a motel’s facilities to cook.
He only wished he could find it in himself to be a little more relaxed around the guy.
His vision had also cleared considerably, yet there was this almost red tinge to his sight that made him feel like he was looking through a filter.
"Fun? Dean, I don't think you understand what -"
Mary used to try her best when it came to cooking in a motel kitchen, but Dean understood from the beginning that they weren't really the richest family in the world. It was easier to buy microwave meals to share between them, even if Dean craved his mom's cooking every single day they were out on the road.
When he finally went back downstairs again, it wasn't to talk. He'd started to make himself feel kinda claustrophobic and he was aching to move around more than a few steps a day.
As had Psylocke's costume, but Dean held a different kind of appreciation for that.
Dean just hadn't realised Cas had picked up on him doing it.
“What?”
It was only now that Castiel was beginning to realise just how very hypocritical it was of him to both think and say such a thing. Although he was usually as analytical as possible when it came to making a decision, there were times where he was indeed rash with his choices - more so when he'd been given a specific order. Changing his mind wasn't exactly something he could afford to do when he was paid to kill, so he didn't ever give sympathy a chance to mar his judgment, and yet here he was: grateful that his life had been spared, when if their roles had been reversed and Castiel had been asked to murder the demon, he wouldn't have ever given talk a chance. He would have killed the boy without thought.
"Get the fuck off me!" Castiel hissed, but Dean continued to hold on, looking down at the open wounds the cuffs had cut into his skin.
It was incredibly warm in the house. Too warm. Dean was lain out on the bed in his underwear and a shirt, his laptop balanced on his chest as he watched some crappy horror film to pass the time. He wasn't exactly paying attention to it; the heat was making him uncomfortable and it was difficult to concentrate on anything else at all. It was actually why he'd put off researching again, knowing damn well that as soon as he started reading, he'd lose focus and end up taking another nap.
"If we hurt anyone, it's because we're hunters or we're protecting ourselves! Like I've said before: we're not like demons in the sense that we kill and torment for pleasure, spreading fucking rumours in the hope that an entire species turns extinct!" Castiel exploded, his voice cracking toward the end. "I mean, how often do you find yourself out of work for being deemed the inferior race? When was the last time you heard of a
“Who the fuck would want to hurt my little brother? He doesn't even hunt!”
"Dad told me not to talk to you about it," Dean grunted, unable to keep the frown from his face. It was understandable, even if their dad had told them about all the stupid angel hunting techniques in the past. Dean didn't want to think about it anyway, knowing that he could just talk to Bobby about the whole blood thing later. Or in a couple of days. Whatever. So long as he got someone trustworthy to understand just how useless the procedure was, he didn't care when it happened.
Dean moved to the bar, looking over his shoulder as Jo cautiously stepped over a mess of cabling. "So ... what exactly are you doing to that thing?" He queried, watching as her long blond hair fell over her shoulders when she reached for a screwdriver. "Do you need any help?"
oh god it's been longer than a month hasn't it? has it been two months?
Dean hadn't seemed to care, but he could have been masking anything behind that bold front of his. Castiel had been alarmed by just how scared Dean had been of him, so it wouldn't be at all surprising to think that Dean had been hiding his discomfort along with such an upset in the first place.
He was unusually unsure of his actions that followed, incredibly disoriented as he walked back inside and over to the jukebox, staring down at the options and feeling just as lost reading over them as he had earlier.
at risk because you
on making things more difficult for yourself."
Castiel wasn't really sure how to react, running over all kinds of lore in his mind to try and understand what Dean was referring to. He knew that angels had a vast amount of powers at their disposal but he was still figuring his own abilities out at the moment and it wasn't like he could easily read up on the topic should he like to know more than just the basics.
“I am not
Hell, their shadows couldn't even link with their dad in the way, and Dean wanted nothing more at that moment to keep Sam comforted - to promise him that everything was gonna be fine.
Castiel was pulling at his arm gently, seemingly doing his best to help him up. Dean was still without his vision so his movements were clumsy and unplanned, but his leg was still throbbing from where he'd been bitten earlier and he found himself relying on Castiel completely to guide him up onto the bed.
He threw his duffel to the ground before grabbing some bandages and soap from the shelf that hung beside the opening of his home, holding them in the crook of his arm whilst he took the ragged towel in his other.
Castiel didn’t even want to know why the child knew his name, and he scowled, pulling back and bringing his knees up to his chest. His back felt like it was tearing open all over again, but he withheld his wince, resting his forehead against his kneecaps. The treatment he was receiving was incredibly degrading; he didn’t want to be babied by anyone, let alone a child.
merry christmas lads!!
– and Castiel couldn’t do anything to change it. The boy knew now that the blood of an angel held no healing properties, and there was no way Castiel would attempt to persuade the child to kill him anyway, even if it meant the demon wouldn’t have to live without his fucking family.
The demon just stared at him, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth. Castiel continued to pace, rubbing his eyes when they began to ache again, wishing that the boy would just leave him be so he could rest for a while. He knew it was risky, but he didn't know how much longer he could last in this condition. There was nothing to entertain him, and his head was heavy, the thought of sleep enticing him in spite of the promised nightmare.
Obviously, he'd ask once Cas was done with his call to check. Just to make sure.
"That's not what I asked."
but he hadn’t wanted to let on earlier, knowing that he didn’t really have the funds himself after drinking away the little money he’d brought with him.
He was potentially out of work and he definitely wasn’t going to be paid for this job. Sooner or later he’d find himself scavenging again, unable to afford food and the like and if he wanted to avoid that scenario, he'd have to start searching for work straight away or bargain with Crowley in order to be reemployed. The second option was something he’d undoubtedly consider a last resort, mainly because he didn’t know how Crowley would react to find out that he’d survived the arranged execution, or even whether it would happen to him again: sold off as a 'cure-all medicine'. Risking his life wouldn’t be worth it – especially when there were hundreds of other hunting firms out there run by humans that could be more welcoming than one run by a demon, even if the pay was somewhat lower. Castiel would just have to get used to it again, no matter how it would affect his health.
"Never said that," Dean grinned at him. "But I figured we should celebrate your new found good health by doing all the stuff you couldn't do before. What do you
Castiel chuckled darkly, coughing a little as the earthy dust was blown between his parted lips, “Take a guess, assho –“
The demon remained quiet as Castiel kept on adding to the basket, placing the bagged fruit atop the more sturdy foods carefully. Things went faster when the boy began to help him with it as opposed to simply sitting by and watching, and although not everything fit, at least a dozen items still strewn about between them, it was far less for the demon to carry in his arms. And even then, they could pile it all on top for the transition, so long as Castiel held the basket close to his chest.
Although Castiel didn’t use his abilities in the traditional sense, he had developed a technique of manoeuvring or adapting his weapons with his Grace to make his hunting more efficient. Usually, during a hunt where he had been required to team up with another party, he avoided such methods, but with Dean, he knew he could behave as he would by himself. Dean wouldn’t go around warning other hunters of what Castiel was capable of, and given that he’d shown Dean a couple of his abilities in the past, he doubted the demon would express alarm should Castiel demonstrate them again in a different setting.
That earnt him a sharp look from Bobby, but Dean didn’t care. The older man hadn’t given him anything to go by so far and he wanted to get as many different peoples opinions as possible.
“There’s no notable sensation that comes with the touch if that’s what you’re referring to,” Castiel advised, his thumb catching on the edge of the dark tendril. “But it -”
"Because you're messin' with things you don't understand," Bobby continued in the same manner. "This isn't to hurt you, this is to keep you safe."
It wasn't exactly like Dean was lying. He just didn't want to go down the route of saying that Cas
“Oh, that’s very considerate of you.”
And Dean hadn’t thought about that too much. It hadn’t actually even crossed his mind.
"Where is it."
Cas had moved slightly, laying on his back with a hand over his chest, which still didn’t look very comfortable. Dean knew he could have at least given Cas a pillow or something, what with the awkward positioning of his neck, and concrete floor was hardly a mattress.
So long as Dean kept close to him, Castiel would be able to work his way through the vampire nest without injuring the boy.
Dean rubbed his thumb over the back of Castiel’s knuckles soothingly, wiping at Castiel’s lips once the angel had spat yet more of the inky-blood into the toilet.
Castiel's demeanor changed completely at that, even his eyes reverting back to a lighter-than-usual shade of blue as he looked across at Dean, frowning. "I told you not to mention me to anyone for a reason, Dean," Castiel stressed, but he didn't resist when Dean pulled him toward the bar's entrance, apparently not caring about the coins abandoned on the jukebox. Dean curled his shadow past Castiel quickly, swiping the change off the machine as he hurried them both through the door to keep anyone from taking it whilst they were outside. "Is this why you haven't been in contact?"
Cas shakes his head. “I love you, and you
“That’s not what I mean,” says Dean. His hands rise and then flop back down. “I don’t mean that you complete me. I’m a whole person, or whatever. But you complete my life. Does that make sense?”
“That’s not how the law works on either point, but good effort.”
“Holy fuck,” he says, eventually.
“Like,” Dean gestures with the hand still interlocked with Cas’s, which helps prove his point. “Like
He grits out, “No, it won’t. We won’t let it. End of.”
Of course Dean wants him. But he keeps fucking it up. And that’s where Cas is wrong – Dean is still failing to prove that to him.
“I’m not
His eyes don’t re-open as Cas reaches out to shove lazily at Dean’s shoulder. “I knew it.”
They’re gone in a blink of an eye, and Dean can sink back against the wall without them watching.
He walks inside, and it’s reasonably busy for a Thursday evening. He might be biased, but the décor is a little too chic and modern, and when he hobbles over to the bar, the stools are plastic and unstained.
Dean remembers being sixteen and hungry. Remembers the taste of sugar sandwiches, just two pieces of bread and granulated sugar between them because that’s all he could steal from the local shop. Remembers the desperation of Dad promising two weeks and taking six. Remembers the first time some middle-aged man stared too long at his lips and remembers the humiliation of charging ten dollars and the guy grinning at the low offer.
“Winchester?”
He quickly discovers that Dr Sexy is apparently not on tonight to make room for the final of this stupid pop competition. For fuck’s sake. It irritates Dean more than it should, and his head flops backward on the couch with his laptop still open on his lap. Cas is still away in Heaven and will be for the next hour. He doesn’t want to start a movie, because Cas will come in halfway through and demand Dean explain what he’s missed. He’s too comfortable to move, too lazy to read, and he already ate dinner.
Anyway.
“I love you, Cas. That’s the truth of it. Since so long, I can barely pinpoint when. I got confused about the how, though. I called you a brother, before, didn’t I? Jesus.” He laughs at himself without real humour. “Fuck. You should’ve smacked me for that one. I just suppose I didn’t know that the way I felt about you could exist. Does that make sense? Like – how could I feel the way I did, the way I do, if I felt that way about women? I didn’t know it was possible. I thought it was either or. That’s on me, sure, but I didn’t know – I figured there was something just fucked up about me. If I lingered too long on a guy at the bar, if I coveted my best friend, then that was the Hell leftover in me, that was the damage from being a kid. Then you
“I promise,” says Cas, with that small smile.
Dean narrows his eyes at him, but if Sam has an ulterior motive, he keeps it hidden well. Probably trying to trick Dean, like a new scene will make him forget his lines. Joke’s on him. “Fine,” says Dean. “Hang on, though, let me go put on some pants.”
He makes his way automatically for the pick-up truck before Cas coughs pointedly and jerks his head towards Baby. “I thought you wanted a backseat,” he says, innocent as anything.
Dean presses his mouth against Cas’s shoulder in a sort-of kiss as he tried to process that. The thing is: if you’d asked Dean, at probably any point over at least the past six months - maybe the past five years, maybe twelve – he’d have said of course Cas has a soul. Fuck whatever the lore said. Cas has a son and he cried watching
“Okay, let’s not scare off the new guy with all your crazy ex stories,” Patricia commands, cutting off José from detailing exactly how he and his interior designer girlfriend made up again. She points the neck of her beer bottle towards Cas. “So, Castiel, right? What do you do?”
Cas’s hand spasms on Dean’s hip. He kisses, sweeter now, and says, “Yeah?”
“Well,” and now Sam looks apologetic, looking between Eileen and Cas. “Actually, I was thinking I might drive over. I think it’s going to be difficult to research if they can’t even describe it, and I can take the bunker database on my laptop if I need any research.”
“Figure of speech, babe.” The freaking
Dean lets out a groan. “He deserved it. I’m not going to apologise.”
“We can take Miracle too!” Dean snaps. His hands are curling into fists, and this is rapidly spiralling out of his control.
Cas is here. Cas is alive. Maybe it’s not in the form either of them were hoping for, but that’s enough. That’s enough to celebrate, right? But he
The rest of the bar is quiet, watching them, and Dean shakes his shoulders out, moving to right the skidded table. Chatter resumes, just in time to lull underneath a change on the jukebox.
But Dean won’t let him. He kisses Cas and starts to walk them backwards, away from the door and towards the bed. Cas goes willing, and Dean sucks on Cas’s bottom lip until he’s mute and panting, and then twists to kiss Cas’s earlobe.
Charlie asks when the Lake Champlain monster was first sighted, and Dean says “1609,” in a tight voice. Sam writes it down and doesn’t say anything else as Cas returns to their part of the bar.
They hit the wall with a thud, and Dean’s dick and heart rate agree on the zero to hundred miles per hour shift. He barely has time to pull in a breath before Cas is kissing him, desperate and swollen and sliding, one hand holding his jaw open for his taking. He lays claim to Dean’s mouth and Dean lets him. He goes limp, lets the weight of Cas nail him to the wall. His hips thrust up into the air, dick pointed straight up to its new owner. “Fuck,
“Don’t call me that.”
The character continues. “At first, we couldn’t keep our hands off each other! And now we just snuggle and go to bed. Cassandra, he kissed me on the
By the time he gets back to Benny, he has a bag of artisan tea and two ring boxes in his jacket. As he sits back down, he thinks that Benny will somehow know what he’s hiding. When Benny asks, “What did you buy, then?” Dean startles before remembering the tea.
, and it’s worth it for how Cas goes a little cross-eyed. Dean lets the finger pop back out, and he grins, and says, “Please, continue.”
Jack twists his lips beside him, hands on his hips in thought.
Cas looks like he doesn’t know whether to smile or not – his eyes betray him, though, and he goes in for another kiss.
Fiona’s eyebrows barely twitch. Almost as if this isn’t an earth-shattering statement, or anything abnormal. She grins. “You know, I can see it. You both eat the same – no manners at all.”
Cas doesn’t seem to mind. Or, at least, he hasn’t said anything. Not yet.
happiness, then Dean needs to buck up and deliver.
Dean's jaw works, and he grabs both mugs, fully prepared to do a runner. Fuck Sam, fuck this conversation. He ignores the disappointment that tightens Sam’s eyes. Fuck him, fuck that.
“Cas banned me from the apartment for six hours.” Dean glowers. “Alright?”
Cas’s hand brushes against his arm and Dean flinches from it. He’s being stupid, and when he sees Cas’s confused head tilt from the side of his eye, he shakes himself and threads his fingers through Cas’s. He pulls them along the motel pathway to their own room, and hastily bumbles the keys to unlock their door. He pulls them both inside, jumpy and hot and a livewire ready to electrocute the nearest sucker.
Cas takes a long, shuddering inhale, and then twists, so fast Dean barely has time to move his face out of the way before Cas is grabbing and pulling him into a deep kiss, pressing his lips against Dean’s so firmly that, if Dean were more of a romantic, he might say their souls themselves are winding around each other. However, he’s not, and all he can be is helpless against the onslaught. He grips into the flesh of Cas’s back and holds him tight. Cas eventually pulls away, leaving Dean open-mouthed and gobsmacked.
Dean knows he’s joking. It’s a funny joke. He manages to keep a gruff and even tone as he says, “Get on with it, and come back safe, both of you. Give Claire a noogie from me.”
your father.”
“Yeah!” Dean snaps, out of control and hot to the touch, shaking out of his useless skin. “You want me to be gay. So I’m gay. You want to fuck me, don’t you? So I’m trying to get you to fuck me, and suddenly I’m the bad guy?”
“Cas? Seriously. Hey!
He books a week off work and bustles Cas into the truck with a duffel bag packed for the both of them. (Cas refuses to buy his own t-shirts, despite stretching out every single one of Dean’s: so, shared wardrobe. Perks of being gay, Dean guesses.) Then Dean points them in the direction of the nearest coast.
“Hey!” Dean tries to argue, but then Cas presses a kiss against his cheek, and his ears go hot. He stares at his boots, and mumbles, “I am sorry. For, uh, that particular harmless mistake.”
(He thinks about his dad. Mom, too. How much they knew, and whether they did at all.)
Cas just quirks a smile. “I care very much for you too, Dean. You know that.”
“Jack, you brought him back? Why now?” asks Sam, because he’s smart like that.
Sam's pulling away and holding him at arm's length, smiling at him. Dean returns the smile, with little else to do. "So, do you know if Cas is using labels? I don't want to offend him," asks Sam.
They manage to clear themselves up, though Cas’s shirt is done for, and Dean eventually gets enough control of his limbs to start the car back up.
But he bullets do nothing. The lump shivers, and the bullets pop out on the other side.
Cas lets out an irritated sound and stands up, stalks away from the couch to clench his fists a few feet away. “I am
suggested we fuck.
Cas speeds up, now, balls sleeping filthily against Dean’s cheeks, and Dean lets out a desperate sound, and reaches above him to grip into the sheets. Cas reaches for him, changing the angle
Fuck his entire life, seriously.
Eventually, he breaks and goes outside to get some air. He stumbles onto Sam’s back porch, his boots clumping against the wood. He leans against the wooden balustrade, looks out onto the backyard and the night sky.
He pushes his face against the nape of Dean’s neck, and says, breath washing over the sensitive skin there, “You don’t have to prove anything to me, Dean. I want you, as you are. I just want you to want me too.”
Dean runs one final hand through his hair and turns to the door. There lies the guilty evidence of Cas’s suit jacket and tie – in short, jerking movements, Dean picks them and chucks them in Cas’s direction. “Here,” he says gruffly. “Put these back on.” And then he opens the door, just in time to catch Cassie with her fist ready to knock again.
But no-one’s listening, not even Jack.
The other woman says, “You mean your magic is gone?” She sounds horrified.
Dean remembers: one bed. He’d assumed Meera had another room. But… but clearly not.
But somehow, he doesn't march all the way out. Instead, his gaze catches on the space in the doorway, where less than a day ago, Cas returned.
“That’s more like it,” Dean grumbles, but his ears and cheeks are burning a warm pink.
.” He breathes out heavy in frustration at his own failings. He opens his eyes, and jolts at the navy slacks suddenly standing before him.
Dean thinks back – past the immediate white noise and confetti of his brain right now – so just moments ago when he was eating a sandwich. Was he praying? He doesn’t think so.
Why is he still talking?
“The whole hospital was in
“No, I thought – perhaps that can be our time apart.”
Cas makes a small sound, and leans back just far enough to kiss Dean, cradling his jaw so softly. There isn’t heat to it, just comfort, just the strength of being held. “What do you want to do to celebrate?”
“Oh.” Dean swallows. “What was the question? I wasn’t listening.”
“I just – they’re all over you and I want to- and I imagine your hands on me, and your mouth, and- you look so beautiful when you finish, and it’s because of
“Like hell it wasn’t!” Dean is yelling, he realises distantly. “Never mind that I’m the one you apparently loved enough for the whole fucking world to matter to you. Never mind that I’m the one who made you the happiest you’ve ever been. Never mind that – don’t you even remember who you were talking to? Who had to watch you be snatched up?”
“And I fell in love with Dean then,” adds Cas, completely un-fucking-necessarily.
“Yes!” Dean winces. “Kind of. I feel I’m not explaining this right.”
. How many times have you guys broken up now?”
to leave you behind.”
Dean throws up his hands. “I’m not planning the damn thing. You choose.”
, give me the lube.”
At first, Dean thinks – well, listen. He’s not proud of where his mind goes, because obviously they can’t have sex yet like this – and then he realises what Cas actually means.
“Kaia and Claire found a cursed object in Nevada,” sighs Sam, and Dean drops the peeler onto the countertop.
. And Jesus, some days we both have bad days and it’s a fucking nightmare.”
“I know!” Dean throws up his hands in frustration. “What is his problem?”
now.”
“Anyway, I woke up when Dean found me. He gripped me tight and raised me from the void.”
Cas levels him with an unimpressed look. “Dean.  I have seen you naked before. I built your every cell from scratch, including your penis, perineum, and pubic bone. I appreciate your concern, but you don’t need to worry about offending me.”
He finds someone’s entry on a message board that hits him so hard he has to go get another beer.
Dean could kiss him. Really, he could. “Probably,” he says. “If only so he stops bringing home houseplants. The lil’ dude belongs in a forest, really.”
“What the
“Oh, saints.” She reaches to cup his chin between her thumb and finger - he goes cross-eyed looking down at her crimson nail. “There is a whole spectrum between gay and straight. You must know this.”
Dean leans close, and his right hand trails a deliberate path along Cas’s thigh, and he stops just an inch from Cas’s lips. Their breath mingles for a moment, and then Dean says, “I want you to come home. I want
Dean avoids wincing and instead simply jerks a thumb back over his shoulder to the house. “Back in the kitchen cursing my name, I expect.”
Cas’s head snaps round so fast Dean is surprised the bones don’t click. He stares at Dean incredulously. “What - I cannot believe you would use that against me. My death is my fault now, is it?”
Dean leaves them to it. Something about Cas and Sam’s heads bent low over a piece of paper leaves him warm to his toes. He doesn’t think too hard about it - just goes back to ribbing Jo about whether her mom is having a Sex on the Beach with Bobby in Hawaii right now.
,” Dean says. “Fuck. You’re awake. I’ll get the nurse.”
“Neither did the Impala,” points out Cas.
“You’re overthinking it,” says Dean, meaner than he should. His flesh is tender under his skin from rejection and he wants to lash out if only to displace the anxiety thrumming through his veins. “This is the most basic thing in the world, Cas.”
The second floor has four bedrooms – two are spare, one’s a library, and one is the master for Dean and Cas to share. By unspoken rule, one of the rooms is decorated for Sam and Eileen, whilst the other is clearly for Jack, with teddy bears and golden walls. Dean is determined to buy the best memory mattresses possible, and all bedrooms have a box underneath the bed, easily accessible, filled with salt, a loaded gun, and holy water.
Understanding begins to dawn across her face.
His voice doesn’t sound fine.
“Whatever. Like you’d like it if I – if I started talking about what Cas and I get up to!”
,” against Dean’s lips
Until, in the morning, when Cas asks him what he meant by ‘for free’, Dean can comfortably pretend he doesn’t remember ever saying it and distract him with a toothpaste-fresh kiss.
Cas smiles, and presses another kiss against his cheek as a not-quite-apology. Dean would be madder if it weren’t completely effective. It’s easy to make light of it here, really, in the sunshine, with their adult slash god slash kid grinning at them and a scarecrow wearing Cas’s old trench coat. There’s a symbolism here, something about new beginnings, but Dean would rather take his family inside for lemonade and a beer than examine it too closely.
Cas goes pale with fury. Dean rolls his shoulders, ready for a fight. His cheek is aching for Cas to punch it.
Fuck. Dean loves him.
They work in relative quiet for a while, falling into an ease of passing screwdrivers and bolts and pieces between them. It’s as they’ve balanced the two side pieces onto the bottom piece that Sam says, “What are you really doing here?”
Dean looks up – he didn’t even realise he was looking at the floor. “What?”
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean says. “Yes. I- that’s what I’ve been
His mind is blissfully blank, narrow-minded on the vision in front of him, when he grabs onto Cas’s hand and pulls him down the last step into a deep kiss. He immediately fists Cas’s shirt on each sight of his waist, hopes he leaves obvious creases, as he groans into Cas’s mouth and swallows down his responding moan. He presses against him, kisses open-mouthed and dirty, slow and deliberate. He moves to suck a path down Cas’s neck, works his way back up and holds Cas’s earlobe between his teeth. He lets his breath wash over his ear, and grins at the full-body shudder it elicits from the angel. “You look nice,” he says, low and teasing, and then pulls back, stroking Cas’s shirt back down. His grin widens at the flustered sight before him – Cas looks
It’s nothing like the porn video Dean watched, or even when he tried to prep himself those weeks ago. Fine, the mechanics are the same, but there’s nothing clinical or cruel about Cas’s touch. His wet, lubed-up finger circles Dean’s hole under he’s shivering with sensitivity, and then he slips the first finger inside, just one, and it doesn’t hurt.
me. And I’m yours now. To have and to hold and all that.”
He nods and gets to his feet. He’s nervous. Momentum and excitement carried him to Charlie. But now, just anxiety is left over.
“It was okay.”
dumbass angel. “Well, yes. But that’s on different planes. I also have at least four faces and a thousand eyes. It’s impossible for the human eye to comprehend.”
Cas leans down for another kiss. “I want it, Dean. I want that life, and that land. I promise.”
Dean would watch whatever show was on. Replays of old westerns, or morning cartoons, or recorded music concerts.
“Dean.”
“Is a child. If an adult turns up at his door and says she knows his dad, he’ll let her in. Come on,” and Dean starts up the car. “Let’s go let the girls know, and then we can start hunting the ugly fucker down.”
He hears the wet suction, the bitten off groan of the recipient, the rocking metronome of it, the inelegant slurp of trying to swallow with a cock in your mouth.
But now, he’s staring at those rings. They’re both silver bands, plain with no further adornment.
They turn the bend and Dean can hear the sound of growling and splashing water and he knows what a body sounds like when it’s thrown up against a wall. He can’t believe this – this can’t be how it –
She raises her brow as Dean doesn’t continue. “Cas thinks it would be a nice idea.”
“You go to
, over and over again.
Dean squints, and then clicks his fingers when he remembers, “I apologised for getting the beer order wrong last week!”
Sam grins. “So, within the week?”
He freezes with his gun extended.
“Dean,” Cas says, again. He has this knowing look, the same head tilt behind
Dean shakes his head as she leaves. It takes him a moment after she’s gone to realise Cas hasn’t moved from the inch behind him, and that wild energy rises back up.
Dean opens his arms as soon as soon as Cas chucks the cell phone away, landing on the other side of the coffee table. Cas lets out a gust of air and sinks into him, resting his head on Dean’s collarbone as Dean wraps his arms around him.
Drawing in a deep breath, Cas spreads his hands before him. “I don’t know. I just feel like-- I should be over it by now, shouldn’t I? It’s been more than two months since Inias left. I don’t want to feel like this anymore.”
Anna widens her eyes, all guileless innocence. “Me? Of course not. I am the very picture of a proper princess.” She giggles, unable to hold the impression for long, and leans up to plant a fond kiss on Queen Mary’s cheek. “Thank heavens that is not true. How boring it would be.”
After all, Sam is the one who moved between the two towns. Dean’s behaviour is the more suspicious, but if he has been covering for Sam in some way, it would all make sense.
Dean inhales slowly, smelling the salt on the air and the faint hint of something floral from the soap in the bathing chamber. Castiel’s body blocks out most of the sun, but it still glints off the gold chain hanging from his neck, a reminder of the way so much history can go unspoken. Dean licks his lips and sees Castiel’s eyes drop to them immediately, sees his throat move as he swallows.
Cas shrugs, covering the rapid pounding of his heart with studied casualness. “It’s just a question.”
A hint of mischief sparks behind her eyes. “No need for that,” she says. “Pretty as it might be.” She rises gracefully to her feet, waving aside Dean’s outstretched hand. “It is good to see you again, Dean, though I know I am not the one you have really come to see.”
She pauses while Kaia raises a hand to the crowd in a shy wave. An approving murmur runs through the room, and the queen smiles briefly before continuing.
The guard took a long while to answer. “I am not at liberty to discuss the health of the king.”
“Wait.” His eyes flew open, and he blinked up at Dean. “You cannot--”
He drops onto the bed, burying his head in his hands. Rationally, he knows why Ellen and the others are so upset. They’ve been nothing but good to him, and he’s never let them in, not the way they’ve wanted him to. But they’ve never pushed him either, and he’s grown comfortable with coming and going as he pleases, never considering himself accountable to anyone. He knows they care about him, and he even knows they would understand better than most if he ever did manage to tell them the whole truth about how he ended up here. But that’s unlikely to ever happen.
“Right.” Dean glances up at the sky again, then back at Castiel. “Never thought I’d find myself wishing for a storm so badly.”
“I get that.” Dean stood and crossed to Castiel’s chair, perching on its arm. “Somewhere neutral.”
Once properly attired, they descend the stairs to the parlour, where an impressive spread has been laid before them. Aliette is seated at the far end of the table, between her maid and M. Chambord, with whom she is engaged in a quiet conversation. Her eyes dart immediately to Dean and Castiel as they enter the room, but her earlier smile has vanished, replaced with flushed cheeks and a lowered gaze.
Both Sam and Rowena sit back, startled, at the sharpness of his tone. Castiel passes a trembling hand over his face and takes a deep breath. “Forgive me,” he murmurs. He seems to be saying that quite frequently of late. “I know you are doing everything in your power. I just--”
There’s a large stack of neatly chopped firewood beside the fireplace, and it brings a small smile to Cas’ face, remembering the way Dean had chopped it so determinedly earlier in the day. On the wall closest to the door is a beautiful bookcase built right into the cabin wall, and it’s there that Cas directs his attention.
Dean watches him go, stroking one hand over his neck where his collar has been pulled aside by Castiel’s arm. Finally, when the sound of Castiel’s footsteps has faded, he pulls himself out of the tangled mess of his thoughts and heads for his own chamber.
He’s a damn good distraction.
“Cas.” It was Balthazar’s voice, amused. “Were you expecting a call?”
As usual, the one who does most of the emotional heavy lifting is Sam. They’re talking over Skype so Dean can catch up with Eileen as well, but she has a class to catch, so she leaves partway through the conversation. It’s not until after she’s gone that Sam steers the conversation around to Cas, or rather his marked absence.
He almost laughed. “No, thank you.” He glanced at the clock and saw that most of the afternoon had elapsed. “I will be dining out this evening,” he announced. He’d had no plans to do so, but he could not sit in this house a minute longer than he had to. Not when his club offered congenial company and fine brandy and a way to pass the hours until the Barnes ball. “Have the carriage ready in an hour, will you?”
Cas closes his eyes for a brief second, and when he opens them again, there’s a smile behind them. God, Dean loves that smile, the one that starts in his eyes and slowly spreads to his lips. “I love you too.”
“Yeah,” she says softly, tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear. “Kaia, this is Dean Winchester. My Sworn Protector. And Castiel Novak, who’s Jack’s.”
Castiel flushed with pleasure and shrugged modestly. “I do my best.”
“Dean,” Cas gasps out. “Yes, god. Just like that.”
“You can be one once again,” Castiel continued, heart racing with nervous energy. “If you both wish it.”
Balthazar saunters towards him, eyes dancing. “You may recall a certain night several months ago, when we discussed potential methods for revenge?”
Ruby stopped a few feet away and made a brief bow. “Your Majesty. As requested, I present Dean Winchester and the vampire Castiel.”
Cas presses a hand against his cheek, reassuring. “I’m just thinking about something Jimmy said to me,” he says quietly.
“I did not understand that part.” Dean pushes a hand through his hair and looks away. “It fell, because she was no longer there to love it?”
Flushing faintly, Castiel nodded. “Something like that.”
“Unfortunately, yes.” Milton gave a discreet shudder and pursed his lips. “I’m sorry you had to endure his prattling for that entire meal.”
A smile creeps across Cas’ face as he reads Dean’s reply.
She put the mug down and gestured to Dean to have a seat, the coffee maker gurgling loudly in the silence that fell. “I did try dating, for a while,” she said after a moment.
Leaning down, Cas nips lightly at the tip of Dean’s nose, then soothes it with a kiss. “Don’t pull away from me now,” he says, softer. “Dean, I couldn’t bear it. To lose you, on top of everything else--”
Winchester narrowed his eyes. “The first one to suggest a truce always has a nasty trick planned.”
A small smile hovers at the edge of Cas’ lips. “I’ll keep that in mind. Thank you, Dean, for an enjoyable evening.”
A lump rises in Dean’s throat, and his voice is rough as he replies, “As am I.” He gathers his brother close, patting him roughly on the back. “Thank you for inviting us, Sam. For always including us, even when--”
Castiel’s chest went tight at the fondness in her tone and the implications of her words. “They’re lucky to have you,” he replied. “And I am delighted to see you, even unannounced.”
Dean grimaced as he placed a hand on Castiel’s elbow and guided him towards the door. “I would say she grows on you, but it would be a lie.”
“That wasn’t what I meant,” she replies. “It’s not about whether you can or can’t do this alone, Cas. It’s about whether you should have to.”
“No,” Dean said immediately. “No, we will do nothing of the sort.”
“Luck doesn’t have much to do with it,” Dean mutters. “The snow’s still coming down. First storm of the year is always a bad one. It’s going to be piled up at the door pretty soon, and there’s no sense digging ourselves out until it stops.”
“No,” Cas laughs. “That one is real.”
Biting back an unprofessional remark, Cas strides towards his truck. He pauses with his hand on the door and looks back at the house, at Dean standing there, perfectly at ease in his surroundings.
The trees thin out into the clearing around the Winchester house. They’ve approached from the back, where Dean is working his way through an enormous pile of firewood, the heavy thud of his axe sending chunks of wood splintering off as he systematically divides it into smaller pieces. Despite the chill in the air, he’s dressed only in jeans and a red and black plaid shirt, the sleeves rolled up so as not to restrict his movements. Cas’ gaze is drawn to the muscles flexing in his bare forearms as he hefts the axe once more, and he looks away immediately, irritated at the surge of lust that rises in his body.
Dean waits, but Castiel doesn’t elaborate. Clearly, the strange intimacy created by being the only two people amid a vast tangle of trees is all in Dean’s head. “Who taught you?”
“Me?” Dean frowned. “I don’t--”
The after-hours event has been an excellent distraction, these past few weeks, giving Cas something to focus on rather than his confused feelings about Dean and how they left things. Now that it’s over, he finds himself wanting to tell Dean about it, to describe the way Garth charmed guests with his aquatic animal puppet show or the way Max and Alicia put their playful sibling rivalry on hold to lead the tours with perfect poise. Or how he counted at least twenty people making the same “I found Nemo!” joke Dean had when they spotted a clownfish in the tank.
Dean is not disappointed. To have Castiel ask for his hand in marriage now would feel like exactly the kind of transaction he is so set against. But when Castiel presses a kiss to the top of his head and says, “I love you, Dean. And I promise you, those words will be transformed into action,” Dean raises his face to be kissed.
If he had found him, surely he would have said so before this. Cas looks steadily back at him and doesn’t reply.
“She probably already knows, but she’ll be happy that you do,” Sam says with a laugh.
He tastes a bit like whiskey and a bit like pecan pie and Dean can’t get enough of it, enough of him. “Cas,” he says. Or maybe groans. He can’t be held responsible for the noises he’s making right now, not with the way Cas is sucking dark marks into the side of his neck, his breath hot against Dean’s skin. “Cas.”
The house is dark, but Cas’ eyes adjust to the gloom as he makes his way down the hall. The floor creaks under his feet despite his efforts, and he freezes, throwing up his arm to signal Dean to stop. After a tense pause, they continue.
Cas tilts his head to the side in a familiar gesture. “Is that the one with the sharks?”
“Yeah, it’s not ideal.” Dean opened his eyes again, meeting Castiel’s intense gaze. “But I gotta say, being greeted at the door in outfits like this--” he nodded down at the silk boxers-- “kinda makes up for it.”
He opened his mouth to make some teasing remark, but it died on his lips at the look in Milton’s eyes. His hand slid up Dean’s arm to rest on his shoulder, and he said, “Yes?” in such a way that left no doubt in Dean’s mind as to his question.
A slight smile crosses Rowena’s face, and she lifts a hand to rest it on Castiel’s shoulder. “You will see this done,” she says, with a confidence Dean doesn’t share. “Come, Billie. We ride for home.”
He’s had no luck with people. Maybe it’s time he turned to an investigation of place instead. But not now. Later tonight, to mimic the time Ryan was here. If there’s something prowling in these woods, that’s when he’ll be most likely to encounter it. And unlike poor Ryan, Cas will be prepared.
With a firm kiss, Castiel rolled him onto his back, gazing down at him with so much appreciation and affection in his eyes that Dean felt himself flush. Smiling, Castiel placed a kiss to the centre of his chest as he coated his fingers in the oil and ever-so-gently pressed one against Dean’s opening.
Sam sighed heavily. “Very well. Tend to him yourself. But promise me, Dean. If he gets worse--”
“Play the hero?” Dean laughs, but it’s an ugly sound. “I’m not playing anything. I’m trying to do my duty. I thought that meant something to you. But maybe it’s all that matters, if you can just shrug off the very real people involved. I don’t know about you, but I care about Claire. I’m just sorry Jack isn’t so lucky in his protector.”
Dean nods encouragingly. “If he’s British, how did the two of you meet?”
Cas steps down from the cab, taking a minute to check his reflection in the mirror. He takes a deep breath, the chill air filling his lungs with freshness, and then gently pushes open the door to the church.
He wanted their betrothal to be real.
Many of the doors are barred, though not all. Two levels below the chambers he is currently occupying, Castiel finds a large, airy tower room, the early morning sunlight pouring through the windows and lending it a warmth that the rest of the castle lacks. A chair covered in rose-coloured velvet sits in the corner, an unfinished piece of embroidery resting on its arm.
Castiel
Despite the guy being older than him, they were practically the same height, meaning that the torso length of the shirt wasn't short on the angel or anything. The only thing that really stood out, was that it wasn't as ... loose as the shirt Castiel had worn beforehand. That wasn't to say it was stupidly tight or something like that because all it seemed to do was pull taut across the top of his chest, and the rest of the fabric basically just accentuated Cas's muscles without clinging to him or outlining the bandages, and Dean really needed to stop thinking about something so ridiculous because he had far more interesting things he could be thinking about over that of the angel's Goddamn clothes.
“I’m not offended at all. It’s actually rather comforting to know you’re protecting yourself,” Castiel stated, turning the ring slowly. “The last thing I’d want is to hurt you by accident.” The angel paused, squinting down at one of the sigils before tapping it. “What does this one mean?”
He turned left onto the highway, pushing down a little harder on the accelerator when he noticed the car pull in behind him. He would have much preferred to fly back – it was a far faster method of travel after all, but he still didn’t feel strong enough. There was a wound on his back – several deep scratches from where one of the beasts had toyed with him whilst he was down, ripping into his muscle with a gleeful expression on its face and a disgustingly animalistic mannerism in which it went about doing so, reminding him that the creature
you have?” He continued, carefully taking the basket from Castiel’s hand to prevent the angel from bashing him with it again. Castiel didn’t really seem to mind, letting Dean take it without complaint, but he looked to Dean with an exhausted expression on his face, frowning.
Castiel cleared his throat, bowing his head slightly and breaking the eye contact. “… You’re welcome,” he whispered, reaching a hand out to presumably heal Dean of his injuries.
He hadn't slept in late - he'd made sure of that; setting four different alarms to go off before nine. As far as he knew he was still in Bobby's good books and he didn't want to fuck everything up by lazing around when instead he could be helping, so he didn't particularly want to ask about the issue. Bobby wasn't that big a fan of prying.
true, it could possibly explain another of Castiel’s concerns.
Bobby continued on through to the study, grabbing the duffle from the doorway and turning back toward Dean, throwing it in his direction.
Dean cleared his throat. "Dad told me that angels couldn't heal people. He said that angels were liars, a-and Cas isn't. He never ... fuck - I was so damn close to actually doing what dad asked but I ... I thought about it a lot." He swallowed thickly, letting out a heavy breath. "There was ... a penalty for what dad wanted to do, and it would have been all for nothing. You wouldn't have gotten better and we'd have got in a lot of trouble, and dad didn't seem to care when I told him Cas had offered to heal you. He just wanted the guy to suffer."
It didn't really bother him: how close the demon sat. Not when he knew just how damn terrified the kid had looked before. Of course, the power he held over the boy was what he'd wanted, but it wasn't as satisfying as he'd thought it'd be to see what kind of results it produced. He'd thought the boy was on the verge of hyperventilating or even deeming Castiel a threat. All he'd wanted to do was make things a little easier.
"I'll be back to compliment you again, Cas," he grinned from his crouched position on the floor. "I wanna take a shower first."
into this room! Did you not once stop and think about how fucking stupid it was of you to let it near your own fucking
It was late anyway. Dean didn't know what time exactly, but he assumed Bobby was in bed. All the lights were off on the lower floor and Dean couldn't sense anyone about, so he padded between the rooms repeatedly for a while, not too worried about waking the older man up.
of time. John would have to drive, and that alone had taken him four hours to get to the cabin the last time.
Dean rolled his lips between his teeth, taking hold of the bag when Castiel held it out to him. "Why does it happen though?"
"That's, uhhh ... that's sweet, Dean." The angel coughed lightly before following up with another pause, and Dean's shadow writhed beneath the sheets. "I hope you sleep well too."
be able to see Sam again. His dad definitely wasn’t the sort of person to ever go back on their word. Dean would have nothing – absolutely fucking
Dean swallowed thickly, focusing on the harsh motel lighting. "Y-you said angel blood was the only cure, but you were wrong. Cas -"
The thing was, Dean kinda did want to talk about it because he knew Bobby would understand. The only issue with that would be having to admit he'd let an angel fuck around with his brother's head and Bobby would probably be just as angry as John had been, regardless of whether the older man understood or not. Because they were both right. Dean had sorta put Sam in a dangerous position.
Sam shook his head, eyes filled with wonder and perhaps a hint of fear. “I had a dream, weeks ago. My mother’s voice, telling me to take up her dagger. I took it from the treasury the next morning, and have carried it with me since.”
“Alright.” Cas takes his phone out of his pocket and passes it over to Balthazar, his mind made up. “You’re the expert. Make me a profile, send him a message.” He pauses, giving his friend a stern look. “And if this goes terribly, I’m blaming you.”
Sam attempted to make polite inquiries about Jody’s journey, but she brushed them aside. “That’s far from the most interesting topic at hand, Sam.” Settling herself comfortably on the loveseat, she patted its arm and gave Dean a stern look. “Now. Tell me more about this duke of yours.”
“You bet, boss.” Krissy saluted him, leaving a smudge of yellow icing on her forehead. Kaia caught Dean’s eye and grinned, holding a finger to her lips, and he winked in response. It would be worth it to hear Krissy screech later.
“Yes.” Castiel rose and passed a hand through his hair, pausing at the door. “Thank you,” he said quietly.
They stand in comfortable silence for a few minutes longer, watching the clouds float lazily past in the sky. Eventually, Sam looks over, dimples showing in his cheeks. “Go,” he says. “I know you wish to.”
Then, to his surprise, Layla spoke in her soft voice. A healer and a scholar, she was a valued member of the community, but rarely involved herself deeply in council matters. “Invite them,” she said. “There is much we could learn from one another.”
“I know more than anything you hope me happy,” Claire responds. “And I am. Please believe that.”
“That’s sweet of her.” Cas heads into the kitchen, where Claire is doing her homework, and puts the kettle on for tea. “And is it just my neighbours who miss me, or is it you as well?”
“They must have loved each other very much.” Castiel crouches down in front of the headstone that bears a name not truly his brother’s, laying a careful hand on it. “Would you like to hear a story about your papa when he was a boy?”
“Must feel good, having the end in sight,” he commented.
“Not yet,” Milton replied. “Though I ought to warn you, I’m a fair shot.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he can see Castiel pressing a fond kiss to Balthazar’s cheek. Aliette is in his arms, beaming at them both, and when she catches sight of Dean, she wriggles out of Balthazar’s grip and runs over to him, ribbons flying behind her.
Castiel’s outfit for the midsummer’s eve ball has been planned long in advance, and he is glad to see how lavish it is, considering the less public but far more important event he also plans to attend this evening.
Chambord spreads his hand before him in a helpless gesture. “I have no children of my own. I do not pretend to understand them well. But Mademoiselle Aliette has long been indulged by her parents and the staff, and I believe she will make her own wishes known, should you give her the chance to express them.”
With a gracious wave, the queen beckons Claire forward. Dean stands straighter, both out of protective instinct and curiosity. Claire has been tight-lipped about this speech, and he’s in as much suspense as the rest of the audience as she takes a deep breath and begins.
The bored teenager on the other side of the desk confirms that they do have a few lanes still open, and Dean breathes a sigh of relief. He would have hated having to come up with a new plan at this point. The teenager directs them to lane six, and Dean flashes her a smile before placing his hand on Cas’ elbow and steering him towards their lane.
Much like Castiel, Dean had been the heir apparent for years. His duties frequently kept him within the walls of the castle while his father and brother rode off to war, and so Castiel had never seen him across the lines. From all accounts, he was a fierce fighter in his own right, though he had little occasion to display his prowess, but of his true feelings towards Hiemere and the war, Castiel had no idea.
“Oh.” Theo casts a helpless look at Cas and swallows nervously. “Hey, Mr. Garland.”
Sam freezes, then breaks into a run. Rowena calls after him, but he is already crouching by the nearest of the two bodies, turning it over with gentle hands.
It reminds him of Dean’s eyes.
“Winchester, what are you doing?” Castiel has caught up to him, eyes narrowed as he glares down at Dean. “Oh, no. The spell is adapting, isn’t it? You’ve lost your human mind.”
He watches the hands on the clock, and when half an hour has passed, he rises calmly from the bed and opens the chamber door. He pauses, listening intently, and when only silence meets his ears, he exits.
The darkness hisses and claws at him, but Castiel is too quick. He darts around it, drawing it away from the tower and higher into the sky. Dean may be lost to him, but there are still others within these walls he must protect.
Castiel doesn’t answer, but his jaw tightens, and Dean thinks his point has been made. “I told the queen that of course I would be ready to protect Claire. That was my sworn duty. But I also told her we needed more information first.”
compromised,” he whispered huskily. “We were interrupted before that word could truly be applicable.”
Regarding that husband-- Castiel would wish to hear this news. Dean cleared his throat and addressed the crowd once more. “If there are no further matters to be discussed, I suggest we return to our own pursuits.” He waited, but no voice was raised, so he waved them away. “Until tomorrow.”
It isn’t Dean’s secret to tell. “If we leave soon, we can ride most of the day,” he says instead. “We’ll camp overnight, and we should reach the palace by late afternoon tomorrow.”
“Yes.” She meets his eyes and shakes her head sharply. “It is old, and powerful.” She turns to look at Sam, mouth twisting into a grimace. “You did not say these lands were cursed.”
Trembling, Cas subsides, pressing his eyes tightly closed before opening them to see Dean’s concerned face only a few inches away from his own. “Just breathe,” Dean instructs. “Take it slow. It’s alright.”
In the faint moonlight, he sees the flash of Dean’s teeth as he smiles. “I thought that was your specialty.”
Gadreel toyed with the napkin on the table, shredding it into tiny pieces. His face was set in lines of distress. Castiel waited, as patiently as he could manage, until the napkin was completely destroyed.
He only realized what he had said as Castiel’s eyes flared wide, as his lips parted on a surprised inhale.
Dean gives him a sad smile. “So you’re screwed either way.”
The conversation flows as easily as the wine, and as the evening progresses, Castiel finds himself relaxing. Sam and Dean banter comfortably with one another, and when Rowena enters the fray with an exaggerated account of Sam’s occasional magical ineptitude, Castiel laughs just as hard as Dean does. He offers few words himself, content to observe, but it does not diminish his enjoyment. The rest of the castle may be as cold and as quiet as a tomb, but in this small room, there is warmth and light and life, and Castiel cannot deny that these things call to him now.
“Welcome to London at the height of the Season,” Winchester said drily. “The Great Marriage Mart.” A shadow passed over his face, but it cleared just as quickly as it appeared. “No young things to your liking, then?”
If their earlier conversation was a confession, then this is a most sacred vow.
Dean is dressed simply in a fitted black t-shirt and jeans, no jacket tonight. His face is set in neutral lines, but when he meets Cas’ gaze, a broad smile spreads across it. Cas instinctively smiles back and offers a little wave that he immediately regrets, because it probably looked ridiculous.
Dean grinned and clapped a hand on his back, guiding him back out into the market. “Good. Now, all this talking has left me thirsty. I believe there is a stall with some excellent juices here.”
She tells Cas all of this over a cup of tea and freshly baked blueberry muffins. There’s a quiet dignity about her despite her terrible loss, and Cas finds himself liking her a great deal. She answers all of his questions with consideration, and Cas slowly begins to piece together a clearer portrait of Ryan.
Bringing his gaze back to the crowd, Dean saw Claire, Krissy, and Kaia pushing their way forward. Claire’s face was set in grim lines, and she was clinging tightly to Kaia’s hand. Without a word, Dean stepped forward and gathered her into his arms. She rested her head against his chest and exhaled shakily.
With the steps placing Castiel above him, Dean was perfectly positioned to see the movement of his throat as he swallowed roughly. Castiel’s eyes were wide, and he let out a shuddering breath before finally saying, “Thank you.”
“How reasonable of you.”
There was a rush of wind, and then silence.
“Are you going to share with the class?” Charlie asked as they sat down. “You totally spaced out there for a second.”
Dean. His husband.
A minute later, there’s a soft knock at the door. Cersei jumps off the couch and trots over to the door, Castiel following after her. “Hello, Dean,” he says as he opens the door. “Right on time.”
“My admiration for your sister grows by leaps and bounds,” Winchester murmured.
Dean nodded slowly. “I will not press the matter,” he said. “But if there is anything I can do--”
Cas stops short, glancing between them. Charlie is biting her lip, Dorothy looks ready to shoot him for upsetting Charlie, Alex looks uncomfortable, and Jo and Ellen are wearing matching expressions of exasperated concern.
“Not yet.” Rowena shakes her head. “You cannot face the darkness as an angel, Emmanuel.”
“Precisely.” Dean swept his hand around to indicate the crowds. “This is Calorna, Sam. All these people, and so many more. In some ways, their lives have changed very little since we ended the war. But in others--” He trailed off with a shrug. “There is more joy in the air, can you feel it? No need to bargain for a better price on grains, always wondering if your supplies will run low if we are besieged. No need to visit the blacksmith for new weapons to have hidden in your home in case of invasion.”
A wry smile twists Sam’s lips. “When I left here, I intended never to return. I was resentful of your insistence on doing so, at first, but I was so swept up in the adventure of it, of travelling with an angel.” He laughs, shaking his head. “An angel. And now I look at you, and I see--”
