“Who the hell says deft?” Steve chuckled, kissing Tony hard as he worked two fingers in and out, adding a third.
“Wait, is he there with you?  Tony – ”
Steve was silent for a few more bars of music, aware of the constant scrutiny.  Even just turning on the dance floor they were being watched.  Sighing, Steve pulled Tony tighter to him.  “Feel a bit like the dancing monkey again,” he admitted softly.  He didn’t want to be rude either – Tony worked with these people to raise money for good causes.  Tonight was for an arts program for underprivileged children… Steve wouldn’t do anything to disrupt that.  (He suspected Tony had picked that charity in homage to Steve, but he’d been remarkably cagey about it.)
Steve waited until the doors shut before he spoke again.  “How much of this retreat is the headache, and how much is emotional overload?”
"What if I want to count these strokes first?" Steve teased, easing a third finger into Tony.  "I counted at least a dozen infractions... what do you think, three strokes each?"  He pulled his fingers almost free before thrusting them in to the hilt.  "One."
“Nothing, yet everything,” Steve murmured.  “Feels different to me too, love.”  He kissed the base of Tony’s cock, started to kiss up the length as his fingers gently worked Tony open.
Tony ducked his head, pressing his cheek against Steve’s shoulder.  “That it wasn’t real.  That I was – playing a game.”
“I love you too, Steve Rogers – but if you call me Anthony again, it might be a dealbreaker.”  Tony’s hands came up to clasp Steve’s wrists.  They were both aware he wasn’t serious… just lightening the mood, before it became cloying.
He was right – it hurt.  “Is that why you didn’t tell me?”
It had been two weeks without any fighting – no missions to speak with, even for Clint and Nat.  (They ostensibly were still SHIELD agents and could get called up on occasion.)
“There you are,” Tony murmured, his kisses shifting from Steve’s neck to his ear as he relaxed, and finally to his lips when Steve turned his head.   More than the caresses, the kisses spurred Steve into full hardness.  Two decades of playboy lifestyle meant that Tony was one hell of a kisser – well, he was sinfully good at most everything in bed, but Steve was particularly fond of the kissing.
“Sweet Jesus – Steve!”  Tony’s eyes were wide.
“That can be arranged,” Steve promised solemnly… but his eyes were twinkling.  “Maybe if you’re wearing fewer clothes?”
Tony set the teapot down so hard he was afraid it would shatter.  “He is not some trophy to be won!”  He whirled on her, eyes blazing.  “Damn it, Pepper.  I’m not fucking playing at romance, I fucking fell in love.  I didn’t mean to, didn’t expect it – I already had him in bed, thank you very much.  But in addition to being the hottest person I’ve ever slept with, he’s… he’s so good, Pepper.”  Tony’s face softened, almost entreating.  “He’s… he’s amazing, and I didn’t intend to fall for him and I did… and he… he loves me too.”
Pinning Tony’s hips down with his left hand, Steve used the right to slip lower, beneath his balls, and press the pad of his index finger to his hole.  He pulled his mouth off long enough to curse.  “Damn, why do I never think to grab the lube first?”
“You.”  It was an automatic response, but no less sincere.  Tony stepped out of his pants and boxers, wrapping his arms around Steve.  “Just… you.”
“Hey,” Tony chuckled, ending the kiss.  “You don’t get to stop fucking me just because you’re a romantic sap, love.”  He rocked his hips enticingly, drawing a moan from Steve.  “You can do both – I know you can.”  His hands cupped Steve’s face, his eyes full of emotion.
Tony hummed contentedly and settled against Steve.  The show was good – Tony wound up tapping his feet to the music more than once.  They joined the standing ovation, beaming up at the cast with genuine appreciation.  As people began to file out of the theater, a staff member approached them.  “Sirs?”
They’d made it off the battlefield.  Thor had taken Bruce up to bed – Hulking out always left him in need of food and sleep.  (Tony might entertain a fantasy or two about what else might happen in those instances.)  Ordinarily he and Steve would either be burning off stress or splitting off to shower and eat.
“I’m sure it can wait.”
Tony’s eyes narrowed.  JARVIS had strict instructions not to interrupt sex for anything less than a full Avengers Assemble alert – and he generally didn’t interrupt cuddle time for minor concerns, either.  “I’ll bite.  Why?”
“Yeah… my help.”  Steve leaned in and kissed him, a slow and soft brush of their lips.  “After we’d – celebrated – I realized I wasn’t ready to walk away.  Didn’t want to go back to my room and shower alone, or grab a bite with the team.  I wanted to hang out with you.”  He brushed his hand over Tony’s hair, across his cheek.
“Please,” Steve gasped.
“Yes, you do.”  Steve leaned his head against Tony’s.  “You deserve the world, sweetheart.”
“Are you sure?”  Tony’s hand on his face stilled.  “Because this isn’t something you get to take back, baby.  Once the media catches wind, they’ll crucify you.”  At Steve’s frown, Tony shook his head slowly.  “Plenty of people will be pissed enough that you’re dating a man… a whole hell of a lot more will be pissed that it’s me.”
“Yeah, doll?”
“Please what?” Tony pressed, thrusting in again.
Tony grimaced.  “Yeah.  Christ, that was a mess.  Took me days to get it all out of the nooks and crannies of the suit, even with your help.”
“Are we good then, baby?” Tony asked, his eyes searching Steve’s.  “Are we – are we agreed it’s the real thing, and…”
“Oh?”  Steve raised an eyebrow at a ceiling sensor.
And usually a post or two about how adorable they were together.
“Steve Rogers is wildly and madly in love with Tony Stark, and doesn’t care who knows it,” Steve suggested.  “Captain America and Iron Man will continue to serve as Avengers, regardless of their relationship going public.  It’s not like we need to tell them how long we’ve been together… let them wonder.”
“Are we… um… going to give one ourselves?” Tony asked, flicking his eyes at Steve as they headed to their seats… front row seats.
“My pleasure.”  Steve bent down to lick and nibble at one of Tony’s nipples as he let his fingers gently begin working him open.  “Besides, you like my ass, smart and all.”
“People don’t… don’t stay with me, Steve.  They take what they need, and then they go.”  Tony clung to Steve, not daring to look at him.  “It took longer with Pepper, sure – but with Ty and Sunset… fuck, they were absolute nightmares.  It’s all I’ve ever known, baby… and it would damn near kill me if you were one of them.”
But he didn’t pull away – Tony counted that as a victory.  “Okay, maybe you’re just in denial.”  Tony teased the fingers of his right hand under the waistband.  “I can work with that.”
“Yeah.”  Fury sat back now, regarding him over steepled fingers.  “I know he’s a pain in the ass to work with – insubordinate arrogant asshole that he is – but you’ve got him following orders and – hell, I got a report that he actually checked himself into Medical when he got injured after that last skirmish.”  The director smirked.  “What’s your secret?”
“Actually Sir—”
“He says that he is getting impatient. He wants the missile within the next week or there will be consequences.” Yinsen is pale next to me.
Rhodey’s expression softens. “Tones, honey, anyone who gets to know you, really gets to know you, would do the same.”
Steve had stared at that email on his phone for hours, unsure of what prompted a company as big as S.I to reach out to an aspiring journalist like
“Stark?”
She gives him another smile before gesturing at his coffee. “I hope you like the coffee. Pepper told me that IT lobbied hard to get more coffee makers in the cafeteria.”
Hi! So this chapter was originally going to span the introduction of Toni and Bucky but god Toni just wouldn't shut up lol. I hit the 2000 word mark and i was nowhere close to getting those two in the same setting so i just gave up and separated it.
A sheepish smile crossed the older man’s face and he ducked his head as Sara continued to berate him before finally shooing him up the stairs.
I give him a wry grin before stretching my arms for a hug. “Hey Sour Patch, fancy seeing you here.”
Also the summary kind of sucks so if anybody has anything don't hesitate to leave it in the comments or send me a pm.
Fury rages through me. Worse, I can’t do anything but flee like the coward I’ve been my entire life.
My heart clenches at the sight of a round, tear-streaked face looking at me with stars in his eyes. He babbles something and then runs away to his shrieking mother before I can reply.
I love the absolute freedom.
Thankfully, the dusty Humvee is close to my tent and I don’t have to spend more than five minutes feeling Steve’s warm hand burning through my flimsy tank top. But then he climbs into the vehicle after me, squishing me between him and Rhodey.
A sudden knock outside his bunk brings his wandering thoughts back to earth.
They already had one in an extreme state they didn't need more. He held the dish towel over the entry wound but it was quickly soaking threw. He made sure to apply steady pressure but not to hurt the injured man with his extra super human strength, which would only cause more harm than good. He ripped a strip of fabric from the bottom of his shirt and bound the cloth tightly around his waist.
One large piece did hit him rather hard however; way more than he'd anticipated. It just about knocked the wind out of him; making him fly back several feet before he caught himself. The hit made him momentarily lose focus and unable to breathe for a moment. He quickly shook off the shortness of breath he was feeling in his chest as he watched whatever was left of the missile rain down from the sky. Streaks of black smoke plummeted to the face of the Earth.
He didn’t really have any family pictures other than the one’s he’d seen tucked away. Let there be some handmade frame he'd made as a child with a picture of him and his father. He didn't have many of his parents as it seemed Howard was slowly slipping away, missing from the picture. Tony's smile also seemed to melt throughout the years until he’s carrying around this fake one. He knew how it felt to feel you’ve lost touch, as your emotions nullify. It comes with experience.
Tony was silent. He didn't feel like arguing although he was usually one to instigate it. He promised himself he’d get better at that. Still it was nice to have somebody here with him. He closed his eyes, feeling the cool air kiss his feverish skin.
"Not just to be the muscle but also the influence and the guide that gets good people back on the track to being the best they can be as well as doing what is right. I've always been like that, even when I didn't have the strength to protect people that never stopped me from trying. Believe it or not but I used to be just shy of 5 feet when I entered the service and now I guess you could say they kind of made me into a monster. I may not have the technical know-how like the rest of you guys. But I'm glad to be of use to such an outstanding group of wonderful people."
But after awhile he began to envy the super soldier, he was always the center of his dad's attention, even though he was gone forever at that point in time. He still spent all his time searching for anyway to locate him. He didn't understand why he did that, there was more to life then living in the past. Jarvis was more of a father figure to him growing up than is actual dad. He just wished his real father cared more than just for his grades in school and spent some quality time with him. Anything was better than him being locked up for hours at a time working on something and hung over the next morning.
“Yea something like that.” He started walking again slowing when he realized he should let someone know where he’s disappearing to. “Actually, I’m going back to see him.” Steve spoke in a quite somber voice. “Something wasn’t right when we left; the doctor was amazed he’d woken up from the aesthesia as quick as he did. It didn’t seem right he seemed scared. He insisted against going back to sleep. I’m worried about him.”
After a while Steve figured it was time to clean himself off a little bit after all he was still covered in blood. He looked himself in the mirror; it'd been a long time since he'd seen himself look so unsure. He had looked lost, his eyes wondered from the broken expression on his face to his dark and bloodied buttoned up shirt as well as up his forearms. He turned the faucet on and pumped some soap into his hand and scrubbed them. The blood had plenty of time to dry making it harder to wash away. It was even up underneath his finger nails.
"Ste.. Steve.. " Tony was to the point where he could hardly choke out any words. "I'm scared.." He was losing blood fast. He continued to spit up mouthfuls of blood and some ran out of his nose. Steve narrowed his eyebrows and wiped away the liquid using the sleeve of the casual jacket he was wearing. He hated seeing the highly respected man in such a pitiful state. It killed him. He had known his father long before coming to know Tony and he's surpassed him in so many was. He admired the man and was not going let this be the end of him. So help him.
“Here bring this to him; I’m sure Jarvis is worried sick. Also Pepper may try to call if he’d awake have him reassure her, she wishes she could be here.” Natasha handed over Tony’s specially made smart phone and watch he’d left on the bar in the common room during their get together, she was sure he would miss them. “I also have the charger; Tony has this monotonous dependency with technology but trust me he’ll praise you for bringing them.”
“Did you happen to grab Zoloft?”
"Pshaw I know that... I'm indestructible remember?.." The cruel reality of it however was that he was the weakest among them without his armor, the most vulnerable. He tilted his head to the side and spat out a mouthful of blood all over the floor. In a daze turned back towards the others, his jaw covered in a crimson red. He hadn't felt it at first being that alcohol dulls the senses, as well as the burst of adrenaline, but the pain was slowly setting in.
'Should I wake him?' Hovering over him he slid a careful hand under his neck steadying him. His eyes were half slitted and dazed, trapped in between sleep and awake.
After all of the craziness that went down it was a wonder the city was even still standing. In retrospect it was in better shape than if it was nuked off of the face of the planet. Sure some buildings were demolished, the streets were torn apart but the city was safe at last. Other than the Chitauri body's that remained as well as a few huge space lizards. The newly formed Avengers could count this as their first ever official victory as a team.
He was just relieved Tony was resting, safe to his knowledge. He even appeared to have regained some of his color. His cheeks were now flush and pink although he still seemed a little pale. Steve reached out and felt Tony's face with the back of his hand. His skin felt feverish against his own which unnerved. He listened to his breathing, steady in and out; the occasional wheeze.
Even though Loki had managed to separate the Avengers and seemingly knock them down a few pegs. I guess you could say that reindeer games had dashed their hopes of winning. All was at a loss. But with a last ditch effort they managed to pull off the impossible. Even use a nuclear missile to their advantage to take out the mother ship. At the end of the day the newly formed Avengers defended and saved everyone. Loki's motives were still unknown other than the fact that he was aiming for complete world domination.
As Sam had so aptly put it, he really did need to grow a pair.
She throws her head back. “But Steve!”
Wait, what?
“James Barnes.”
the life he had. “He might have been retired, but he still chose to return to active duty. That was his choice, and mine is to live the rest of my days without having to remember him.”
I have no idea how many days pass, but I grow resigned. No hope lives in my heart. I know I’m going to die in this godforsaken cave surrounded by demanding terrorists.
I flail in the air, screaming for Jarvis, seeing the ocean below me hurtling towards me so impossibly fast. My suit comes alive at the very last moment, the tips of my hands skimming the water before I jet up into the sky again.
Bucky launches into an unintelligible babble that ends with an exclaimed “Can you believe it?”
The wetness on my cheeks startles me. How mushy of me.
Bucky jumps when he hears Jarvis’s voice over the elevator’s speaker.
“So where is he?” Steve feels frantic. He already lost Toni to this damned future, if he loses Bucky too… “Where is he Natasha?”
But Steve, among other things, is resilient. So, he gets his sorry ass up on Wednesdays, contemplates his sad existence as water swirls down the shower drain, gets dressed, and hauls himself to work before he gets dangerously maudlin. He goes in and does his job, like he hadn’t gotten absolutely hammered the night before. He might be late, with his tongue dry as cotton and his head pounding like hell, but he is there, damn it.
“What—” She shushes him and passes the sweeper over his bed. The light turns red.
Steve doesn’t waste a moment, running to the window and throwing his body right behind his best friend, knowing that Sam would go flying behind him. Their quarry runs flat out over the rooftops, easily clearing the distances between the buildings. Steve runs after him, his breath burning in his lungs, unaccustomed of actually pushing his limits so fast. Slowly, Steve gains inches on the shorter man, Sam right behind him, and it seems for a moment like they’ll actually catch him.
Nat flicks her red curls expertly, a bored expression on her face. Nothing of what Steve is saying is news to her. “I know Steve, you’ve told me this multiple times. But as I keep telling you, she’s probably more hurt that you’ve ghosted her than the Captain thing.”
Steve turns and promptly chokes on his spit. Standing in front of him in a sleek white pantsuit and muted lipstick is none other than Toni Stark.
Yinsen proves himself invaluable, helping me melt down the palladium to form the core and functioning as my hands when the tremors in mine became a dangerous nuisance. Not that I don’t have nerves of steel but months of torture atop of starvation and major chest surgery can do a number on anyone. Of course, switching from the battery to my arc reactor doesn’t grant me any favors either.
Steve looked back over his shoulder at Tony, lips curving in that trollish smile.  “Nah.  Wanted to be called Sir, though.”
“I do.”  Steve rocked his hips against Tony’s hand quite involuntarily, although it proved his point.  “Can’t understand people who don’t… seems like they’re missin’ out on half the fun.”
Steve’s eyes slid to Tony’s and his lips quirked.  “You wanna add that to the list?  It’d make a good number six.”
“I do – and you know I’m a genius.  I’m right.”  Tony smiled – with more sweetness than the quip implied.  He shifted his attention back to Steve’s chest, kissing and licking.
In answer, Tony crooked his fingers just right and hit Steve’s prostate.  The supersoldier let out a wail and came – hard.  Tony hummed happily as he drank it down.  He’d tasted a lot of come in his life, but damned if Steve’s wasn’t the sweetest he’d had.
“Don’t,” Steve said, nipping at his ear.  “Want to feel you come on my cock, sweetheart.”  He shifted Tony, holding him up with one arm – which made Tony want to fucking swoon.  God, he loved being manhandled by this man.  Judging that Tony was prepped enough – and that his own patience was severely lacking today – Steve lowered Tony’s legs back down and encouraged him to turn around, facing the wall.
“I just have one question,” Natasha continued blithely.  “You have to settle this for us, because there’s money riding on it.  Who caved first?  And when?”
Not knowing how to answer that – because that sounded suspiciously like admiration – Steve instead slid his hands down Tony’s body to cup his ass.
“You hate going slow when you ride me,” Tony reminded him, chuckling – but he did remove his fingers.  He helped Steve slide into position, gripping his cock so that Steve could lower himself down.
By dancing, Tony was desperate to figure out what he’d done to fuck this up – because Steve was not okay.
Tony slipped a second finger into Steve, then a third.  It wasn’t really that Steve needed that much prep… but he never got enough of it, really.  His lover was so responsive that Tony wanted to tease him all night… and his refractory period was so short that Tony never worried about cutting the fun short.  With that in mind, he doubled down, taking Steve to the root while he pumped his fingers, finding the small nodule of his prostate and trying to grin around the cock in his mouth as Steve wailed and tried not to buck against him.  He pulled off just long enough to say, “I want to taste you,” before sucking him back down, working his tongue along the underside of Steve’s cock feverishly.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and pressed his nose just under Tony’s ear.  He just held him, feeling the reassuring hardness of the arc reactor pressing into his chest.  That meant Tony was alive.  That little circle of light meant he wasn’t going to lose Tony too.  “Sorry.  I’m all over the place.”
Tony grinned.  “I’ll show you a trick.”  He eased himself down to his knees on the mat.
“How?”
“Yes.”  Steve looked down at their clasped hands.  “What was I supposed to think, Tony?  You’ve said since the beginning that this wasn’t – that there wasn’t to be any talking.”
The debrief was over, and nobody’d said anything they’d need to be court-martialed for.  Steve considered that a victory… especially considering how often he’d had to snap his own mouth shut upon a comment from Director Fury.
Tony breathed in sharply.  “God, I love you,” he breathed.  “Don’t ever change, sweetheart.”
Clint snorted.  “Seriously?!  Even I could tell you were in love, and I’ve got the emotional capacity of a teaspoon.”  He kicked his legs up onto the arm of the couch.  “I’ve got money on Tony first, six weeks ago.  So…?”
“I told you I drank all your coffee, right?”
“Want you,” Steve panted, surging up to capture Tony’s lips in a kiss.  “Always want you.”
“If you don’t like the musical I picked – ”
“I don’t know,” Steve murmured back.  “I just… needed to kiss you.”
The dust had settled on the latest fight -- in this case, quite literally, as there was concrete dust in the air -- and Steve could feel the two warring desires.  On one hand, he should take his team back to the Tower or SHIELD to debrief.  Analyze the fight, coordinate recovery and repair operations, see that his men and Natasha got checked out by medical, got food and sleep.
Tony tipped his head to one side to give Steve better access.  “If you’re asking if I’m bored, the answer is no.”  He curled his hand around the back of Steve’s neck, lightly stroking.  “Would I like to try some of that stuff with you sometime?  Maybe.  But I don’t need it, love.”  Tony smoothed his other hand down Steve’s back, pulling him in close.  “All the kink in the world can’t compare to being loved by you.”
Concerned now, Tony tightened his hand around Steve’s neck, smoothed the other over broad muscles.  There was a fine line here between reassurance and dismissing Steve’s concerns, and Tony wasn’t sure he was flexible enough to walk it.  “I will, if you’ll promise the same thing.”
“Good.”  Steve nibbled at Tony’s lip before kissing down his body.
“Fuck off, and fuck me,” Tony groaned, rolling his eyes.
“Um… what?”  Steve looked between Natasha and Clint, Thor and Bruce.
Tony would never admit to worrying that their off-field behavior would change things.  That was another thing they didn’t talk about – well.  Really both the fear, and the behavior.  But when it came time for him to seek Steve out, he found the fear really didn’t matter.
“Oh, I know.”  Steve grinned, nipping at Tony’s neck.  The touch of teeth made Tony shiver.  “Want everyone else to know, babydoll.  Want to tell the damned world that you’re mine and I’m yours.”  Steve slid his hands up and down Tony’s body – touching everywhere, but not lingering.  “You want that, love?”
“I love you,” Steve whispered into Tony’s ear.
“Not in the mood, Tony,” Steve bit out, his punches never faltering.
Steve found the bottle of lube that Tony had dropped on the blanket and coated his fingers before easing one gently into Tony.  “Gonna make you feel good,” Steve promised, mouthing at Tony’s balls.
“Very.”  Steve pulled Tony back against him, nuzzling into his neck.  “Now we need a shower, though.”  He slid his hand down Tony’s torso, but his hand was stopped before it reached Tony’s crotch.
“I think you crushed on Captain America as a kid, and now that you’ve got a chance at the real thing, you’ll do whatever it takes to bag him as a trophy.”  Pepper’s eyes narrowed on him, irritated that he wouldn’t meet her gaze.  “I think you’re playing at romance because that’s what it takes to get a man like him in bed.”
“And it’s a loaded term for you, I got it.”  Steve nodded against Tony.  “Anything else?”
Tony wasn’t certain if he meant he did break the rule or did know there were consequences… and wasn’t sure if it really mattered.  He dug his fingers into Steve’s hip, feeling like that was the only grip he had on his own orgasm.  “You getting close again?”
“God, yes,” Steve breathed.  He leaned in and nipped at Tony’s lips, moaning at the touch of their tongues together.  “So lucky to have you, doll,” Steve whispered between kisses.
Steve nuzzled into Tony’s neck, kissing the dark spot he’d left earlier.  “Love you too.”  He hummed contentedly.
“The army did train me in tactics, love.”  Steve kissed Tony’s cheek.  “The team knows when we shifted from friends to partners, but they also know we were intimate a lot longer than that… and if it didn’t impact our working relationship then, I don’t think it will now.  It’s not easy to balance command and love, but I’ve done it before… and I’ll do it again.”
Steve’s hand slid around his waist to his cock, slippery with lube and precome.  “I think you do care,” Steve whispered as he wrapped his hand around Tony’s cock, moving it in time with his own thrusts.  “You want them to catch us, don’t you doll?  Want everyone to see you bent over for me?”
“It’s to make up for that dirty, filthy mouth of yours,” Steve laughed, capturing his lips for a kiss.  “Let’s make it quick.  I want a cuddle.”
“I believe you think you love him,” she said softly.  Most of the fight had drained out of her eyes.
That made Steve laugh – a laugh cut off as Tony rubbed his thumb along the sensitive head.  “Shit, I’m right there, Tony – just – ”
“I don’t care,” Tony moaned, tipping his hips just enough to get Steve deeper – to nail that perfect angle that would light them both up.  “Holy fuck, Steve – yes, right there – ohmygod.”
“His dad,” Tony whispered.  “But it’s bigger than that.  Um.”  Tony fiddled with the hem of his undershirt.  “He told me in confidence.”
“I’ll get it.”  He kissed Tony’s cock before standing up to rifle through the bedside table.  “That is the biggest downside to makin’ time with a gent – needing slick.”
For a fraction of a second, Steve considered confessing – just telling Tony what he was thinking.  But he knew damned well how that would end, and… and Steve couldn’t take Tony running away from him.  Just… couldn’t.  He also couldn’t lie to Tony.  “If I could talk about it, it would be to you,” he said finally.  He reached out and put a hand on Tony’s thigh, noting the other man had gotten naked at some point as well.
It amused and touched Tony that Steve insisted on paying for dinner.  It seemed to amuse their server as well.  To thank the man for his discreet service, Steve tipped him cash – and added a little doodle with an autograph on a napkin.  If Tony hadn’t already loved him, that might have pushed him over the edge – the sheer goodness of Steve Rogers was too much for him to resist.
Ah, hell, that wasn’t helping his whole not-embarrassing-himself plan.  Tony’s hips stuttered briefly at the idea of Steve serving a whole lot of men wearing vaguely military uniforms – he liked uniforms, okay? – but Tony pushed it aside and focused on swift, hard strokes.  “Were you as good for them as you are for me?”
“No.”  But Tony’s lips were twitching too.  “Still.  I’m sure it wasn’t fun to watch.”
“God, I hate anxiety attacks,” Tony groaned, pressing his forehead against Steve’s shoulder in the elevator.  “I feel like I’ve got a hangover, and I didn’t even get to drink to earn it.”
As they left the gym, Tony threw a look over his shoulder at the punching bag.  “Well, Rogers?  What’s the verdict?  You rather bang the bag, or me?”
Tony returned to the table on legs that didn’t quite want to work.  He ignored a slightly raised eyebrow from a staff member, a knowing smirk from another patron.  He was too relaxed – too flooded in endorphins – to care.  Perhaps that was Steve’s motivation.  Tony returned to his dessert feeling considerably less stressed about the whole endeavor.
Steve, now safely covered in his shirt, slipped his arm around Tony’s waist.  “That’s my fault, Colonel Rhodes.  Jim,” he corrected himself.
“We’ll get to the other stuff eventually,” Tony whispered, curling over him to kiss the small of his back above the towel.  “But for now, just let me work on you, yeah?”  At Steve’s inarticulate groan of agreement, Tony had to smile.
“Pretty sure Birdbrain doesn’t expect you to hover at his bedside, Cap.”  Tony brushed his hand over Steve’s arm.  “Nat’s got him.”
Blinking, Tony realized he might maybe have pushed the good captain just a little too far.  “I knew I needed to take out the control mechanism to stop the robots,” Tony explained in a more level tone.
He sat back on his heels and looked up at Steve, panting for breath.  “Good for you, soldier?”  His voice was rough, throat raw – and he loved it.
Tony had already returned his mouth to Steve’s cock before it occurred to him that he should probably object to that pet name.  That seemed like a bridge too far… but also, really difficult to think about with Steve’s cock heavy on his tongue.  That warranted his attention first, obviously.
Tony squirmed, reaching for his glass of water with a shaky hand.  “I am writing a letter of protest to every publisher of every book that ever described you as a paragon of virtue.”
“Sir,” JARVIS interrupted.  “It is public knowledge, if one knows where to look.”
They stood there, panting, several minutes before Tony started to chuckle.  “God, we’re a mess.”  He carefully pulled off Steve, hiding a wince.
“I’m not fuckin’ lyin,” Steve snarled.
He'd never laughed as much during sex as he did with Tony, Steve reflected as he chuckled again -- but he did start to move.  He pulled almost completely out, then leaned close enough to whisper, "Ten" as he pushed all the way in, reveling in the slap of leather against skin.
“You,” Tony answered automatically.  It was a familiar refrain.  “It’s always you.”  He leaned forward to rest his head on Steve’s stomach – which was ordinarily an erotic position for them, but at the moment was just comfortable.  For all their ardor in the elevator, it was these moments of casual intimacy that punched Tony in the gut.
Abandoning the massage oil for now, Tony straddled Steve’s ankles and started to knead his thighs through the towel.  The combination of heat and pressure made Steve groan.  He hadn’t realized how tight he’d gotten, the results of several hours of fighting followed by more of tension.  Tony apparently had.
“Steve—”
“Fuck, no.  Bring it on, Iron Man.”  Steve was watching him with… something… in his eyes that Tony didn’t want to identify.
Tony grinned.  “I stole it from Star Trek.”  At Steve’s utter lack of comprehension, Tony groaned and dropped his head, pressing his forehead against Steve’s.  “Yeah, we’ll get there.  You’d like Captain Picard.  He’s as noble and honorable as you.”
“I thought maybe…” Tony began, trailing his fingers over Steve’s pecs.  “Be honest with each other.”
“We don’t talk about it, and it doesn’t change anything.”  Tony continued to pet Steve’s hair.
Tony ran a hand down Steve’s side, pausing to run a finger along the defined ridges of his abs.  “I’ll let you know as I decide.”  He tapped Steve’s hip.  “Lay down, hot shot.”  Steve did so, unable to contain a shiver of anticipation.  Tony stretched out next to him on his side, arc reactor pressed into Steve’s ribcage, his hand moving to slowly stroke Steve’s cock.  “What the hell were you doing in the shop?”
“You like the risk,” Steve accused, nipping at Tony’s neck as the elevator rose.  “Fuckin’ exhibitionist.”
“I ain’t been virtuous since 1932,” Steve smirked.  “And even afore that, it was questionable.”  His toes slid into Tony’s lap, nimbly massaging the already hardening cock.
Clint waited until the elevator door shut on their captain and co-leader before he reached out and smacked the back of Bruce’s head.  “Doc, you fucked up.”
It was a relief when the elevator opened on the penthouse, and Steve could half-lead, half-carry Tony into their living area.  “Where—”
“Mmmmhmmm.”  Steve’s breath caught.  He leaned up on one arm, reaching between them for Tony’s cock.  It was rock hard and leaking.  Steve rubbed his thumb over the damp head.  “Come for me, babydoll.  I want to feel you come on my cock.”
Enjoy!
Right, that would fly over well. Probably, in her mind, his dismissal of her uncharacteristic detachment was his agreement to her actions. In fact, she probably thought that he was gearing himself up to take the first step to break things off. He had no idea how to tackle this unforeseen problem, so he opted to wait.
"Wait what!? Tony which direction is it coming from!?" Steve said aloud as he stood from his seat. He walked over to the black haired genius who was punching numerous keys by the huge monitor. Jarvis minimized into nothing but a few voice bars in the corner of the screen the sky above Manhattan on full display.
He shuttered when Steve lifted his neck to readjust him and the difference in temperature lulled him out of his trance. Finally he was aware someone else was there with him and he was slowing coming out of it. Just when it seemed he was finally coming out of it several doctors came through the door swarming him as he struggled to get out of their way.
After learning more about his past he was antsy to return to his side. He exhaled deeply wondered how he’d look when he returns. Just as he was off again Natasha remembers something he might want to hear.
Tony couldn't remember much of what happened after that. He figured he'd recollect the events of the evening seeing no better ways to spend the night. It was a mystery how he was able to make it through something so physically traumatic. Although the events of Afghanistan and arc reactor will remain one of the worst experiences of his life, but this was a definite second.
Young Hector finished patching up the soiled wrapping and just sat back examining the man in his care. Tony thought for a moment wondering whether or not he should answer the man at his side. He really didn't want to go into it. If it was possible he wished the feeling would have died along with the Chitauri. Never to be brought up again. Doesn't seem like that would be an option in this case, however this didn't mean he had to share every detail if any at all.
She shrugged with no idea other than what was obvious. It was an initial attack meant for Tony and they fell for it. He was the prime target and there was no helping that. "Well touch on this tomorrow, just though I should let you know. We should get some rest so we can see Tony in the morning." Natasha said before she herself stood up yawning. She placed a hand on Steve's shoulder before walking off.
Once Tony settled a bit Steve released his careful grip on his shoulders and allowed him to settle back into his bed. He exhaled exhausted and sat back in his chair as he watched his friend take in shallow breaths. Before it dawned on him, why was Steve so troubled over him? It didn't make any sense, he hardly knew him. I mean he knew his father sure but he didn't know much about the imperfect son of Howard. So far all Tony has managed to do was help save the city with the lot of them and show his ass and only one of those things was acceptable.
"I know you can, but you shouldn't have too." There was a pause before Steve continued. "Look I know we didn't get along very well in the beginning but that doesn't mean I don't care what happens to you. No one should have to go through this alone."
The thought of that little pipsqueak getting the best of them almost brought his blood to a boil. He was never afraid of him. He was just another bully trying to pick on an innocent bystander. People like that needed to be put in their place.
He chuckled to himself in satisfaction, quickly spinning a complete 180 in the sky before he flew in the direction of the new Avengers headquarters. With an unsatisfied hankering for vodka on the rocks as his post victory drink. Feeling as though there was one more reason to continue the celebration, since he had 'saved the day' once more. Though he was working more towards lowering his ego it would surely take a while. This was Tony Stark after all.
Of course that would have something to do with his success as an adult. He’d gotten over his selfishness towards his fathers. Although he still feels a bit hollow inside he understands.
I remember where I am now, stuck in my head again. This is a bad place to be, in my dreams. A place I know is false yet then again doesn't stop it from feeling any less real. The same reoccurring thoughts cross my mind. I hate this place it's supposed to be a place of comfort but that's never been the case. I only feel anxiety. Fear.
Even though he found Tony’s boorish ego overwhelming at times, he knew it was just the façade he hides behind. After everything he’s heard, from what he’s read about him. He was good at putting on a face. It was his coping mechanism. It’s fair to say there’s been a change. He has a cause.
"Clint go call an ambulance! Quick!" Bruce said beginning to hyperventilate while this friend was slowly bleeding out inside a shell meant to protect him. Who at the moment was wriggling partly to shock and another part to a drunken state of pure adrenaline. He took fast shallow breaths not entirely sure what was going on.
Steve scratched the back of his neck nervously and let out an unsure answer when he knew it was the truth. "He might have forced himself to sit up when he shouldn't have." The doctor looked annoyed at the fact that his patient as well as his friend wasn't taking this a seriously as possible. "You do realize how lucky he is?" He said looking down at Tony who was fading farther, looking more out of it each second.
His face seeming to tension less when met with the aid of an oxygen mask, that as well as the shot of morphine the other paramedic administered. The headache he'd been dealing with this whole time was finally melting away. He felt he could finally relax his body without fear of wincing at every slight movement.
"About an hour now, you were asleep when I came in."
He was thankful no one noticed him. He didn’t think he could do the celebrity hero thing. He just kept his hood up and his head down as he came up to the hospital. The girls at the front desk were shocked to see him enter, they’d caught a glimpse of him as he left earlier but they weren’t quite sure it was know they thought he was. They also heard about the special guest in their care.
On the other side of the room Natasha stared at the glimmering metal shard coated in dark red blood; she studied it for a moment. That insignificant piece of mineral was able to drill straight threw the Iron Man armor as if it were tinfoil. She couldn't help but wonder just what exactly it was made of rather than who sent it. One thing before another right, they had to know what exactly they were going to be up against. She figured it couldn't hurt to run a few tests just to be sure of what exactly they were up against.
The doctor along with Bruce entered the room in a rush. "I can't believe he's already regained consciousness. He didn't strain himself did he?" Dr. Helshier said pulling a little flashlight from his shirt pocket and checking whether the pupils were dilated or not. Steve shied away from the question a little bit by looking away making Helshier arch an eyebrow, "Well did he?"
“What do you mean?”
Steve sat there in dark for the better part of 30 minutes after she left, listening to the steady electric beep of the machines surrounding him. His focus on his unconscious team mate lying next to him. His forehead was riddled with sweat and he was much paler than hours ago when he'd last seen him.
He seemed to nod off for a moment. Even though his body needed it he didn’t want to sleep just yet.
"I mean your words must have struck close to home for Widow over there. She was practically trained to disregard her own feelings for the sake of some mission. The most of us are considered outcasts you're not the only one. What all have our faults and antics but we we're all here for a reason. We help people even though we've all had shady pasts." Out of all the idiotic things he'd said all day, that remark was by far the wisest he'd heard from Tony all day. It was the truth; all of them were considered broken birds without the wings to fly, although together they could soar however far they wanted to. I mean look at what they accomplished just a few days ago. They worked as a team for the first time and together they saved everyone. And that was something to be proud of.
"I figured as much. I may be slightly stooped but I'm not incapable of functioning." Tony said snidely in satisfaction as the remaining pieces of his suit were placed and locked together. His helmet being the last to be attached, he made it to were the face plate remained up so they could still look him in the eye when they talked. He shifted slightly under the metal shell before walking over and opened up the glass panels between the room and the balcony with a little remote. He rushed outside and took a quick look around to see if he could spot the missile in the direction Jarvis calculated, Steve and Bruce not far behind him.
I envy him. He looks completely sure that he’ll return to his girls. I wish I could be half as optimistic as he. But I will at the very least ensure that he gets back. It’s too late for Nadira but I will give everything for him to be able to make it back.
An uncharacteristic blush spreads over my cheeks and I give her a wide smile before kissing her softly. “You play a mean bargain Ms. Potts but never let it be said that a Stark quits so early in the game.” She laughs before waving at Coulson, and then she’s gone.
I look at my hands. “I like him. I-I care about him. A lot. That’s why I want to start the charity.”
He and Toni were friends, or so he liked to think. But even he can’t deny that sometimes there was a … spark of something more when they shared eye contact. Add in Bucky’s sarcastic nature and something is bound to explode.
“I’m injured, Captain.” The modulated voice makes him grit his teeth. “Besides, I thought you wanted your friend to be found.”
“What? You’re just gonna accept it like that?” I raise an eyebrow at him. “No twenty questions, evidence?”
help getting him back.”
, he reads off his phone. Dropping with a clatter his cleaning utensils, he hurries to his quarters for his suit.
I jump in my seat. “I’m awake!”
I splash water on my face for several moments, trying to recover my composure before I speak to both.
“So,” I begin to say. God this is harder than I thought. “I know you guys both know about the arc reactor and the whole Afghanistan story.” They both nod slowly. “And I know you’ve seen the news about Iron Man.”
Which now that I think about it, I didn’t know either.
Jarvis’s voice breaks through my reverie. “Sir, I detect a rudimentary arc reactor very similar to yours within the suit.”
“Of course.”
Steve scowls at the unapologetic words and gets out the titanium handcuffs they’d created especially for Bucky. Shield had reached out with some experts in neurology and they were relatively confident that he would be able to regain his memories. But first, they have to make sure that Bucky even gets back to them.
Tony flipped up the faceplate of his suit.  He hadn't even gotten banged up in this fight, no new bruises to speak of.  That was remarkable in itself.  "Whatcha think, Cap?  Maybe we should give that robot a closer look?"  He ignored his teammates rolling their eyes -- he knew it wasn't subtle.  Knew they knew he knew.  It didn't matter.  (And if there was going to be some other pairing-and-more-ing-off in the Tower while he was occupied with Steve, whatever.  No skin off his nose.)
My gut twists and I struggle to sit up.
“J—” I barely manage to croak out.
The second time Steve sees Toni, he is at a gala for one of her multiple charities. Of course, the room is filled with important people: celebrities, reporters, and the like. That said the guest list was very exclusive. Only reporters backed by a reputable publisher were allowed in. So, when Steve received his invitation in the mail, he was quite understandably shocked. Even now surrounded by the rich and powerful, he still can’t quite wrap his head around the fact that he and Peggy were invited in the first place.
Toni glares at him halfheartedly. “Okay fine, you got me.” She fidgets in place, before sighing. “I’m going to see my aunt. She has Alzheimer’s.”
He flushes. “Sorry, it’s just that I’ve never been down here before. I wasn’t sure if J would give me access to the elevator in the first place.”
“Back up, you’re going to Stark Tower?”
Peggy moved out the following day, while Steve was out interviewing a girl who had won a full ride scholarship for a local college. Before leaving that morning, he’d called her to let her know that he wouldn’t be working from home that day, left her a voicemail when she didn’t pick up. But she didn’t call back, instead she took this information and used it to her advantage in order to avoid him as she went for her things.
Bucky chuckles. “Yeah, I can see that.” He ponders his decision for a single moment. “Let’s talk about the foundation first, if you don’t mind.”
“Once they have the primary schematics down and I have a chance to look over them, we should be able to produce 10 of the same high-tech prosthetics and at least 3 different varieties. So that’s around 30, give or take.” I look at them in the eye. “I also want you to understand that this is taking in account per person. If one person is missing three limbs, then that goes into the count. That’s as much as I can offer without compromising on quality.”
Bucky had stared at his Ma in shock. No, his father never got like that. His father got angry, loud and mean when shouting at his mother. His father was aggressive, quick to hit him and his sisters if they crossed paths with him when he got angry. His father was a nasty son of a bitch who despite being a drunk, had nothing in common with Joseph Rogers. And neither did Bucky with Steve.
Steve’s baby blue eyes look at me straight in the eye and I feel the immense pressure to do
“Thank you.” Fury says before letting out a small laugh. “Oh, and Captain America is in charge of the missions for James.”
He gives me small smile, obviously humoring me. “I have to leave, but can I see you tomorrow for coffee before work?”
“Oh, it’s pretty good.” Steve says earnestly. “I mean, hands down this place has way better stuff than what was offered at the Daily Bugle.”
“Of course, Pepper dearest, when have I ever not listened to you?” I get an abrupt brainwave and I turn towards my table again.
“Get up!” A grunt escapes Steve’s lips as a steel-toed boot slams into his midsection. “Get up you piece of shit!”
“I’m going to say that the suit is mine and the person who pilots it is my bodyguard.” After the upgrades, I’ve finally managed to implement the autonomous feature so that Jarvis can pilot it while I’m out of it. “I already have enough of an excuse to go overboard with my security. If I do that, can you please take the suit I’m going to build for you?”
“Sir, you have not slept sufficiently since—”
Luckily for him, Toni merely blinks at him owlishly before slowly curving her red lips into a smirk. “Well, hello Steve. You don’t look half-bad yourself.” He stammers out a half-assed apology before she laughs. “Don’t worry so much Rogers, I’m dressed to kill because I have a meeting with the idiots of the board.”
And then he crumples, face slack with death.
“Sir, I must advise you to return to your—”
Steve ignores the way Natasha looks at him. He doesn’t deserve pity.
“He might have crossed our radar.” Fury is not giving an inch as always and I sigh.
And then I’m in Steve’s arms, surrounded by his masculine scent. Finally,
My toes are still mangled and hurt like fucking hell when I take steps, but I can work through it. As soon as everything is good to go, I aim at the door and blast it to high hell. Immediately, I hear a siren. I look at Yinsen through the gaps of my faceplate.
The man steps closer to me, the wire rims of his glasses flashing. “If you move, you will disrupt the wires.”
“What were you doing in our warehouse? Were you looking for the drugs?” Each question is punctuated with punches and kicks, which if they were real interrogators, they would have realized is counterproductive to a talkative hostage. “Did the Polski’s send you?”
Pepper had finally agreed to be CEO—last week’s toxicity reading provoking me to pressure her until I received a response—but I know that she would hate for me to wander around without any form of communication so I put on my newest pair of shades and earbud connected to Jarvis. And just in case I had to fight back, I slipped on my bracers that could turn into gauntlets in less than five seconds.
Pepper looks like she’s about to argue but then she gets distracted by something in the background. “I don’t think you should reveal your identity Toni, but I have to go.” She disconnects before I can reply.
So... it's short and it's shit. But hey, if you've read this far, you've probably noticed that's my MO.
I beat Pepper to the conference room where we would have our impromptu meeting for the Barnes Foundation by at least a half minute. I barely have time to sit down when the door bursts open and she stalks inside. She’d changed, now wearing a peach colored pencil skirt and blazer that somehow manages to accentuate her red hair instead of clashing. Her heels are perilously high as always.
Steve had always been a sucker for brown eyes. Peggy Carter had the most gorgeous chocolate brown eyes filled with a sharp intelligence that he’d barely been able to keep up with her even on the best of his days. And the Peggy that had been his wife, well she’d been gorgeous beyond words, her own eyes a rich mahogany.
Next to me I feel Pepper straighten in her seat. Okay now that was impressive, that hadn’t happened in a long time. Steve seems to find all this as par the course, judging by the smirk on his face.
“All right, big guy.” She says with a smile, obviously humoring him. “I always open new non-profits because every cause that I support should have someone dedicated to it one hundred percent. My money is never going to run out and I should give some of that back to those who need it. I’m mostly just a silent partner, and I’m willing to follow the director’s leadership whenever it comes to my charities.”
“No, it’s great!” I jerk out of the chair and head out to the elevator. “I just need to make some tweaks between that suit and mine and it’ll be fine.”
A siren, alluring but dangerous.
A fucking spoon.
Not that he hadn’t become a hot commodity in his own right. After he published his interview and her publicist confirmed it as the real deal, Steve suddenly had several doors open to him. And that’s without considering that his blog took off so high that he finally managed to quit his job. That job filled with idiots who wanted to find a vulnerability in her so they could tear her down.
“Bucky!”
“What will you do when you become free?” Yinsen’s voice is rough, understandable considering we’d spent at least 18 hours in complete silence.
“All right. I’ll build the stupid thing.” I grit out. “But they have to provide me with material.”
It takes another fourteen hours to finish my armor. I start up the program I’d written, initiating the code and stepping inside.
Hours later, I’m focused on the prototype for the newest Stark phone when Jarvis cuts off my music.
I fly as fast as I can to New York, having received the news while still in Japan for scouting of a new plant. Thankfully, I’d brought my suit in a suitcase and while the other directors were standing around the news, I duck into an empty conference room to suit up.
“You didn’t know?” Pepper frowns. “I thought that was what you meant.”
God, talk about Queen of the Stink Eye. I aspire to master the art of management like Pepper has.
“Sir, you have a call from Director Fury.”
is fucking MIA, so just get over yourself.”
“Yeah,” I say, getting an eyeful of the blue glow inside the hulking behemoth below, “So do I.”
“Please tell me you know where he is.” She turns back to Steve and he sees the answer to his question in the way her nostrils are flaring and the corner of her mouth trembles. He stumbles back to his bunk. “Does Fury know? And God, what about Sam?”
Steve straightens out of his crouch, wiping the blood off his lip, already feeling the wounds starting to close. That familiar itchiness never gets better no matter how many times he’s wounded.
They couldn’t understand that after fifteen years as Captain America in this modern future that might as well be a different planet, he was done with fighting. He’d thought Bucky would understand that he wanted nothing to do with violence after he’d almost died by American weapons. Instead, his best friend ran back to the same lifestyle as soon as he got the arm. Steve can’t say he agrees the reasoning behind Bucky’s decision, but he understands that after doing so much shit on Hydra’s orders, any sort of amends would feel like balm on his soul.
“I would not do that if I were you.” A man’s voice, low and accented. “I barely managed to stitch you together in the first place.”
I tap my battery. “I have to get off this piece of junk first. Ask the girl her name.”
“Men see me, and they see a pretty face. They think that I should be on a runway modeling lingerie or in a kitchen making meat and potatoes. Men everywhere seem to think that women were made to do things related to them. If a woman is not doing something for a man, then she is worthless. Gender equality has been praised for so long but its nothing more than an empty accolade that men heap on companies that squeeze every potential from women.” She takes a sip of her whiskey without a grimace. “In this world, the fact that I don’t use my body the way men would like or serve men the way they would like makes me an easy target for media. But I don’t care that they use me as a scapegoat for everything wrong when a ‘woman gets uppity’, because that means that as long as they’re focused on me, they can’t harm the reputation of women who can’t fight back with the same zeal as I can. I can keep the media on their toes; everything they publish about me is publicity for my company and there is nothing that can make the board toss me out. Not when I own eighty percent of the shares.”
“What did you do to me?” My voice wavers but doesn’t crack. Small victories. “What happened?”
“Ballsy.” She murmurs with a half-grin. Then she takes a step towards the bar, leaning towards him with open invitation. “Go ahead, give me your best shot.”
My lips tremble before I can thin them. “Maybe.”
Then she’d hung up on him and routed all his calls to voicemail. And in no time at all, he’d received the paperwork in the mail.
“I just wanted to say thank you.” Steve shuffles his feet, obviously insecure. “It means a lot to Bucky that you chose to help him and others like him out.”
With a last glare, Sam walks away from their table. Nat sighs.
“Very well Sir.”
“I’ll finance the program myself then.” Somewhere one of my accountants is screaming my name but fuck it. Seeing Steve look at me like I solved world hunger is worth every single fucking penny this project siphons from my bank account. It’s not like I’m poor. “Hell, give me your friend’s name.”
But I will regroup. I will survive. And I will come back and eliminate every single one of these worms until Ten Rings is nothing, but bones turned to dust.
“Send word when you have another mission. Fury knows where to find me.” Iron Man suddenly interrupts. Steve shuts his eyes before breathing out slowly. Then he turns to face the armored man.
Not that Jarvis was convinced that he was dead. Just thinking about that clusterfuck makes me sigh. Normally, I’d worry about it but damn it, I’m fucking dying slowly, and I have to at least apologize correctly. “Look Steve, I wish that I hadn’t been such an ass. Had I been less bitter about you turning military on me,” and basically ghosting me after the fact, “I wouldn’t have been such a pain. For what it’s worth, I’m glad that we could be friends.”
If only I had been able to contact Steve, but my calls went straight to voicemail. I’d wanted to apologize for being such an ungrateful bitch in Afghanistan. Rhodey had told me that if it hadn’t been for Steve, they wouldn’t have been there to find me. The military had written me off after a couple of months and it had only been Steve’s influence as Captain Fucking America that the search had continued.
I can let go of the rage and grief inside me and I dissolve into tears.
“I do not know where Khalil is, he is in hiding since we were attacked by a machine.” He ducks his head, so I can’t judge if he’s being truthful or not.
“No, Toni.” He looks angry before his expressions smooths out. “If anything, it’s my fault for not being here so that you could get that off your chest. Have you been going to therapy?”
Steve looks bewildered, so I take the liberty to respond. “Sure, set up the meeting with the Barnes guy and tell me when I have to show up.” I turn to Steve. “You want to form part of our Core Team?”
So elated by the possibilities I don’t notice the ice until it cracks the glass of my faceplate and by then, it’s too late. The whine of my repulsors sputter before extinguishing completely.
Surprisingly, Rhodey doesn’t try to muscle his way past Steve. Instead he chose to fall back and hold the tent flap as I stand up shakily.
“I’m not stupid, you are.”
Something big, powered by the reactor. Of course, that’s supposing the reactor can be miniaturized and remain stable enough without blowing me up when I build it.
Steve had stumbled to the ground, blood flowing out of nose, but he got back up again. He launched himself at the other boy and they rolled around on the ground exchanging punches. Of course, they attracted the attention of the others and they soon had a ring of kids around them egging them on.
“I’ll pick you up.” He looks up at the ceiling. “Jarvis, would you help me locate Toni tomorrow?”
He couldn’t, not while he had no idea what to say to her.
to make things right with him. “I know that haven’t talked after the… after Afghanistan. I never meant to…” Why is this so hard? “I just want you to know that you were a great friend.” I laugh humorlessly. “Not that I was back to you.”
It isn’t until hours later, after I’ve ate my burger and appeased Pepper with a check-up, that I realize that despite returning home, nothing feels the same without Steve.
I kill so many as I make my way out of the cave, the sounds and splattering of blood almost making me lose my resolve. But I always remember Nadira and I kill many more with grim satisfaction.
The knot in my throat makes it suddenly difficult to talk and I cough discreetly hoping he doesn’t notice.
Of course, the rest of the team thinks that he slept his way to the position, although no one ever dared to say it to his face. Not that Steve cares, at least he got the chance to do something for the world. And, the added plus of seeing Toni frequently helps ease the sting of the others’ opinions.
Steve waits only until he’s sure that Jarvis is finished. “Toni, you installed Jarvis in here too?”
I avert my gaze. “Yeah, I know.” I should tell her about Steve.
I raise an eyebrow. Ok, I’ll bite. “Yeah, what of it?”
Every morning at 9 o’clock sharp Steve stops at that floor to get his daily caffeine fix. And since I found out that little tidbit, so do I.
Also thank you so much everyone for your comments! They make me happy and motivate me to write more. :3
“Sleep?” I laugh. As if. “I’m about to take this baby for a test drive.”
Shower is out, for obvious reasons, so I choose to search through internet mentions of the Ten Rings. Hours pass and then I finally hit the jackpot.
“You’re not carrying me.” I say, my voice steadier than my legs. “I’ll lean on you.”
“Just peachy.” She laughs, the sound far from humorous. “I gotta go Cap. It was… good to talk to you again.”
He walks over to a pair of legs still connected to the main torso of a body, removing the Glocks from the holsters and tucking them into his waistband. A faint whir behind him makes him turn around abruptly.
Weeks later though, something changes.
“I’m flattered though.” He says sincerely. And the worst of it is that he is. He loves Peggy with everything he has but Toni is an extremely attractive woman. He’d have to be dead not to appreciate her.
Natasha taps the rim of her cup again, bringing Steve’s attention back to the moment. “So?”
Huh. Now that’s interesting.
As usual, her profile sends a twinge of
for everyone over popularity.
“The only reason we found you is because Steve talked to someone and went out looking for you.” Okay, we’re going to have this conversation. I set down the pliers and wire, then plunk myself down on my chair. “Toni, he was retired. He had dedicated himself to journalism and then somewhere down the line, he started to care about you—”
“I already said that I don’t like being—”
Natasha rolls her eyes. “You’re such a drama queen Steve. Just call her up and tell her about your other best friend’s disappearance. Maybe she’ll even help you find him.”
“Oh, I’m sorry Steve!” she says with a rueful smile. “I didn’t see you there.”
My day starts off pretty good. I attend only five meetings during the day, turn on the reactor for my tower and by the time night comes around, I’m feeling pretty blissed out next to Pepper while looking over the schematics for the tower.
“She was my childhood sweetheart.” He gets a faraway look in his eyes. “We married in secret, despite her parents’ wishes. We lived happily for twelve years: our three girls the biggest blessing in our lives. Once this is over, I will finally be with them again. In peace.”
He wants to show the world that just because the increasingly frequent mutants are something so brilliantly unknown, it doesn’t mean that they are bad. It helps that the girl is a teenager, with the extracurricular activities that would put to shame any kid. She works in soup kitchens on her weekends while maintaining straight A’s in Brearley School, not that he would divulge the latter fact. Given that she’s a minor, he must be careful not to be overly descriptive of her; otherwise she would be easily found. She wants to maintain her identity a secret so in any case, he’d have to respect her choice.
“Tell him that even I can’t manage miracles in this cave.” I stare at Khalil in the eyes. When I get out, I’m going to make sure he never terrorizes another person.
Granted, I never thought that it would for the military but…
I blink at him and he nods his head before turning to leave. After he’s gone, I sit on my stool, still processing what just happened. “J, was I dreaming?”
“What?”
“I’m sorry Toni, I shouldn’t have pushed.”
Big mistake. But far from the worst he would make in the following months.
And then the news breaks. Someone else pilots a suit like mine.
Then I heard the thundering steps of the terrorists and hell let loose.
Toni Stark was worth every sacrifice.
Since the divorce, Tuesday nights are rough on him, well rougher. He misses Peggy every day like a missing limb but, on those nights, it triples. Tuesday nights were the nights that belonged to
“Then we should go. What time does the flight leave?” Toni gives him her best puppy dog stare. Already anticipating the reason, he gives her a chastising look. “Toni we can’t go on a private jet. Think of the environment!”
“What of Ivan Vanko?” A blonde reporter looks at Toni with clear smugness.
“What the hell?” Steve answers angrily.
I look up at her from my position on the desk. From here, her face is haloed by the lights of my lab, her fiery hair a perfect corona around the sharp beauty of her features. God, had I been so wrapped up in everything (nee Steve) that I never noticed her beauty?
Rhodey pokes his head inside. “Tones, we’re ready to go. Can you walk?”
“In the kitchen.”
Well, this is it guys. As i said in the last chapter, this is mostly an epilogue of sorts. The main story (if you can even call it that *sobs*) ended in the previous chapter and this is the last thing i wrote for this AU. I had a general idea of how the Avengers would get together, considering that Steve was unfrozen earlier and Bucky was still in the picture, but I couldn't get past the initial gobsmacked Steve finding out that Iron Man = Toni.
Bucky’s mouth perks up in a half-grin. “My better half.”
I crash. Hard. For several seconds after the impact, I lay still, unable to fully process that I survived my escape attempt. Then I get up, aware that I have to leave behind my armor, the weapon that Yinsen had helped me build. I start my trek, grief still battering my heart. Fortunately, I’d escaped with my clothing: a long-sleeved shirt, white top and pants with boots. At least the surprisingly chill night won’t feel so bad. I walk for miles, letting stars guide my way until my aching legs buckle under me.
Deflect Toni, deflect.
She rolls her eyes before taking a seat next to me. “Not the moment Toni. Where’s Barnes and Rogers?”
“One minute to complete energy transfer.”
Steve sighs. “It’s a long story.”
“I received an honorable discharge after almost getting killed in an ambush, but Bucky wasn’t so lucky.” He continues as if he hasn’t dropped the biggest fucking bomb ever. “A month after we got back, he got into a situation with Senator Stern after the news broke that he wanted to take away benefits to all able-bodied vets.”
Tony smiled at the man. He had to of been no more than 22 from the looks of him. He seemed like a kind hearted person and smart to of been a doctor at his age. Then again by the time he was his age he was building turn of the century warheads, but impressive none the least. He could feel the cold steal scissors as the glided above his bruised skin. He was still debating whether or not it felt relaxing or the polar opposite. The touch nearly made him want to shift under it. He alleged to ignore it.
Where I am? I can feel a chill running up my spine, making every little hair stand on end. Where are the others? I wonder if they know what's going on. I can't open my eyes, whether it's against my own will or otherwise I am blinded. I feel weightless as if I were stuck floating a vast ocean. This is weird. I can't feel anything. 'Jarvis,' I call out.
His sheets were crumpled up blending with the black blanket and tossed over to the side, pillows littered most of the king sized bed. It seemed like it was quite comfortable, way above his standards but considering he was used to sleeping on a military grade cot. Anything else was comfier, Tony’s couch had more cushion than the bed he had back at home before everything.
"I felt bad for leaving you here alone, even for the night.” Tony scoffed inwardly ‘oh wonderboy how noble of you.’
She stood from her seat without a single word and set her drink down on the end table, turned and walked off towards the bathroom. Just because she wasn't a loud to show emotion didn't mean it wasn't there, hiding just underneath the surface. It was her strength, even if she was told it was to be a weakness. It gave her a reason to continue doing what she did best to escape the past and work towards something worth it, for herself and no one else.
In some ways he felt disappointed; at least he thought it would have been mildly exciting, definitely not nearly as exciting as a few days ago. He thought about it for a second and then shook the thought out of his head. He never wanted to be put in the situation ever again. It hated doing anything death deifying, that last time was way too close for comfort. He flew at mock speed until he was directly above the tower and slowly lowered himself down until he could see Bruce and Steve who were patiently waiting for him.
He focused his breathing but the feeling was getting harder to ignore. The button had turned green on his dispenser. He pressed and within minutes he could feel his body go numb again. With all his trouble conveniently tucked away in the back of his mind he was able to find some peace at least for the moment.
Hector could tell that the question was a little much for his patient to deal with at the moment and he had a pretty good idea why. He couldn't even begin to imagine what kind of stuff he's been through and now this. Whatever was eating at him must have taken quite a huge chunk. "Better clean up this mess. Surly you don't want your friends to worry anymore than they already have over something like this."
"Sorry about that." Tony admitted half regretting and half embarrassed as he watched the man hunching over with a towel to sop up the blood on the floor. He thought himself better than that, letting a panic attack getting the best of him and blinding his judgment. He could have killed himself with an idiotic act like that. You can't just simply walk out of a hospital the night after having major surgery. That doesn't happen, even for iron man. Even with all the money in the world he was only flesh and blood, proof of which was scattered on the floor below him.
His eyelids felt like they were weighted down by some unending force. His vision blurring even more but he knew he had to hold out. Just a little bit longer. He coughed lightly with whatever he could manage, sending a light fraction of blood trailing down his cheek. Natasha sulked slightly while she wiped the liquid away from his face clean with the towel held on his forehead. "Thank you Natasha.." Steve let out slowly. She looked up at the super soldier and nod as if to say no problem whatsoever.
"Mr. Stark." A well mannered, artificial voice sounded from the corner of the room. The AI came across as a distorted mash of floating orange data that arranged itself on a large monitor hanging from the ceiling. It spoke calmly as always but for some reason this time there was a tinge of urgency in its words.
They were greeted by an unwelcomed trail of blood. It seemed to stain the areas where it wasn't so thick and remain pooling in other spots and running along the seams in the tile. How Tony was even able to remain conscious let only alive was a mystery. Their eyes stayed glued to the liquid, making extra careful to avoid it as they entered. Like somehow stepping in it was some sort of taboo.
"I know who you are. Everyone knows who you are Mister Stark, the incredible Iron man who saved the city just a few days ago. You're a hero sir." A genuine smile never left his face as he continued to work.
She scowled, using her clean hand to turn the faucet on so she could scrub them. She was used to seeing blood after all she was trained to be an assassin, but she could never stand the sight of her friends blood stain her hands. It was sickening; the mere thought of it left a fowl taste in her mouth. She watched the dark red suds slide down the drain as she heard light footstep coming up from behind. Clint walked towards her with a usual serious look plastered on his face though a little softened. He looked at her then down to the sink where her eyes never left. She obliviously knew who was next to her even without the need to look up.
The driver was the stereotypical New Yorker kind, a heavy set and scruffy looking with what seemed like sweat stains on his shirt even though it hadn't been hot. All kinds of different knick knacks lining the dash board and the cab smelt a little funky but they didn't care, "where to?"
He missed Bucky so much, almost like it left a void in his heart. He would give his left arm to see him again but he knew there was no way. He'd been lost before it was even his time. A lot of young men lost did as well and for awhile so was he. Steve got lucky, he was found. They never told him how but the next thing he knew he woke up in a make believe hospital room. It was shocking to say the least having the last thing you remember being that you were freezing to death. Then to wake up in the future surrounded by all sorts of things you couldn't even begin to understand. Everything was new but he loved to learn.
He loved to help out it was how he was; he was born with a weak body but a kind heart. It was unfortunate but that never stopped him. He loved his family and stood up for who ever needed it, although there wasn't much he could do that didn't stop him from trying. Bucky was always there too, just as kind hearted. The two of them were like brother even if they were completely different yet they loved each other. When his mother died he was all he had, they looked out for each other. Well more like Bucky watched out for him, no matter how kind Steve was he would still be the one getting into fights.
This is a scary place, I don't want to be here anymore, but I don't know where else to go I'm stuck. I feel like I'm in an endless loop, no matter how much effort I decide to put forth I am nothing more than a hamster running on its wheel. There is nothing, no destination although the tower would suffice. Like that was even a choice. There is nothingness in every direction I'm sure. None of which was more comforting than my current position.
He swore on that day he would never sell another weapon used to hurt people ever again. The light installed in his ribcage was a constant reminder of that one fact, as well as the shrapnel from his own weaponry. Weapons that were designed to help protect the people of his country, and yet their pieces will be forever imbedded in his body as a punishment for his eagerness. What made matters worse was that fact that his company sold to whoever was willing to buy. Especially those who threatened the vary security of the nation. Terrorists who kidnapped and held him at ransom just to ensure they got exactly what they wanted. It was hard being held up in a cave with only a car battery and his whit's to liberate himself. Never again. Not now not ever.
He just happened to be right above one of the many highways that were not so highly traveled. Lucky for him the falling debris wouldn't cause that much of trouble in this location. At least it wasn't above any of the major schools or coffee shops or God forbid anything else of the sort. In fact he couldn't have picked been a better spot even if he'd tried.
Tony groaned as one of the men pulled the blanket away although silently he thanked him. He was burning up, "fever" one of the men mentioned before tearing away the sheets. Tony’s side was bleeding again the white cloth stained. A new sense of urgency ran through them as they picked up the pace. Steve could only step back and watched as several men worked around each other with fluid movement. One of them carefully cut away the cloth holding the binding together.
"Blood loss will do that to you." Steve recanted, still picking the dried blood from under his finger nails. Tony chuckled but it hurt too much to let out a genuine laugh. He set his hand over his side where they’d tightened his stitches.
Clint lifted his head up to exchanged glances at the Asgardian before letting out another sigh. He lifted his arm up and pointed at the screen and replayed to the others long awaited question. "That big trouble is headed our way if we don't come up with some answers pretty quickly."
One of the men removed the pad covering the wound, his body still sensitive to touch. The bruising has gotten considerably worse now covering his entire left side, across his abdomen up to his armpit in a deep unforgiving purple. "Hold him."
He flexed against his pillow, lolling his head to the side. The medication the doctor had given him was warring off and the vigorous muscle spasms coming from his wound felt like torture. His mind started to associate it with memories of his capture a few years ago.
"Wait before we call it a night I have to tell you something." Natasha all of a sudden said real serious. Steve nodded and sat back down next to her. "You saw how Tony's armor had been pierced right? It was almost like it was tinfoil or something. It nearly went right through him if it wasn't as thick as it was." Steve held a look similar to the one on her face, of course he could tell. He was taught to be perceptive during a time of urgency, although he really didn't want to be reminded of that at the moment. If anything he wanted to replace that image with a better one, hopefully the sight of the usual over confident and prideful Stark he first met. Even if he was annoying, that was better than the broken one he'd witnessed earlier that evening.
Clint said nothing as he took another sip from his beer. "Shouldn't take too long it's not that big of a deal." With that last comment he turned on his heel and sat down on the couch in a huff like a child. Natasha went to join him only to exchange in professional conversation and to remind them just exactly who he was and what organization he was representing. Also most likely to tell him it'd be a good idea to let up a bit, at least until the threat had been dealt with.
