We had remained there for longer than I can remember, just basking in the scent of ourselves and the lazy sound of the birds outside. For that moment, content.
Your skin is searing off, peeling and becoming distorted as it sinks beyond the haze of your vision. You can hear your bones cracking.
“I don’t- I don’t know.” His mouth has flatlined. Not life, nothing, nothing but the uninterrupted scream of a failed life-support. “I don’t--”
At first, I considered starting right at the very, very beginning, all the way back in 2010 when I lent you my phone and you lent me your heart. But in reflection, I think my blog has immortalised those years quite well, don’t you think? There’s not much point in repeating myself. I’m not even sure how much time I’ll have to complete this, but no matter.
He stands up, presses the laptop lid shut, spins and leaves you perched on the back of your chair, staring into the floorboards.
Establishing character is dull. Mundane. You already know the fundamentals so I’ll be brief – brief enough that I won’t get told off for stalling. Again.
By the time you’ve crossed the threshold into the hall you realise that your dressing gown remains pooled sadly at the foot of your bed. It would be cowardice - or inefficient, so incredibly inefficient - to return for it now. But you feel yourself in an almost overwhelming state of undress. It’s improper. It’s slightly rude to waltz shirtless into a kitchen at eight in the morning where eggs are being prepared.
The spoon is. The spoon is. Hit-ting the sur-face with the sub-con-scious force of some-thing which is go-ing to die.
The kettle has boiled but he hasn’t noticed. It made a gentle noise, like the click of someone’s tongue on their soft palate. Hasn’t noticed you, either - watching him with something that could be mistaken for disdain. He is staring at the rain beyond the kitchen window and can probably see his own face reflected back at him a thousand times in the underbellies of a thousand raindrops.
“Burn on,” You think. Or maybe you say it because the syllables resonate in your mind for a long time after, climbing even higher than the roar of the fire can. “Burn on and turn me to ashes.”
Now, I always think it’s odd that while something is happening it doesn’t go particularly quickly, but when you step back and remove yourself from the picture nearly thirty years seemed to have occurred in a mere breath. Of course, I can’t remember everything, and with some of the events recorded here, I did allow myself a touch of artistic license. It’s mostly true though, and my god, we were fantastic. When we were, at least.
“You. Just you. You are. I want to eat you whole, breathe you in without stopping for air. That’s all. After so long I would have thought you’d understand.” I bit my lip, before breathing out, “I love you.”
“You’re only fifty two!” I had argued. Naturally, his stubborn mind was set. Two months later and there we were, our feet making dulled sounds on the hardwood floors of the building that we’d grow to call ‘home’, arguing about kitchen appliances.
) that sat, for the moment, untouched. He was either enjoying the steady flow of steam onto his neck or he was oblivious. Thinking (
“Mmm?” He hums and it should be absent or distracted but it isn’t. The sensation of his attention pierces through your skull. You have him, now. Tempted and lured. The fish has bit.
Light again, followed by the muted roar of stalking engines in the nighttime. Someone shouts - a man - and it sounds like they are hurt or that they are drunk. A siren, piercing yet unobtrusive in this landscape. The unexpected is always the expected. Nothing is meant to ache but everything has forgotten this rule at one point or another.
) he was sitting at the kitchen table, his head turned so that his absent gaze fell upon some indefinable image (
We came to a halt somewhere after the sand dunes and somewhere before the water; a borderless place with no definition other than the meagreness of ‘middle’. I didn’t feel like I was in the middle, I didn’t feel lost in a place - a limbo place - where there was no clarification of edges and where the tide, the unpredictable and capricious tide, was the only constant. No, I felt like I was where the home of me was, where my walls - definite and outlined against a grey sky - were condensed and squashed so much that they could contain only one insignificant pocket and two insignificant hands.
I’d caught a glimpse of the genuine smile, if only for a second. “I am asking, John.” He had glanced at me again, fire in his eyes. “John Watson, my lover, my only, my heart, will you please - for the love of all that is holy - have your way with me
“It is now widely recognised that human memory is not an exact reproduction of past experiences but is instead an imperfect process that is prone to various kinds of errors and distortions.” -
One occasion sticks in my mind, for some inexplicable reason. Perhaps it’s because the threads of it are intertwined with golden light; everything awash with honey and sun.
Three steps, maybe three and a half, four. You’re there. Finally the waves crest and bow and the harbour wall shatters and you press your body against the line of his back.
Much to the primary school teacher’s horror, the title ‘Sandy-O’ could be described as doing nothing other than sticking. Sticking, mockingly, sticking, in irony, sticking, in name, status, sticking to the soles of his shoes like something sticky and wholly unpleasant to have stuck to the sole of ones shoes and then, after all this, one day – stuck. Sandy-O. Hideous.
Sherlock had walked me backwards down the hallway, guiding me with his hands nestled on my back, his mouth nearly singing with kisses on mine. Pressing me back into the kitchen cupboards, he had murmured, “Merry Christmas, John.” And it was funny only because he had made me forget, in short minutes, that it was even Christmas at all.
The further I’d walked, the more the purple hue enveloping my veins dissipated until, eventually, I was left with a sort of hollow feeling, like I had burned all of my insides up. The colour fell off my skin in waves. I began to think about my age, about both our ages. Sherlock was younger than me, but not by much. Three short years. I thought about dying a lot, on that hill. About which one of us would die first. About how much time we had left as a solid unit. We needed to stop tearing the walls of Us down because it would take days upon days to build ourselves back up again. We didn’t have the time for all the petty fighting. I didn’t have the time to find so much fault in so much of him; we’d already had those years.
We stayed like this for a while, wandering from room to room and planning a fuller space, with us at the heart of it. It was good.
“Have you--” The faltering is a fabrication. Give the illusion that you are hesitant to broach this. Make him feel uncomfortable, on the edge of a knife-point. Make him believe. “Have you. Well.”
I’m reminded how it’s apparently rude to write down what someone says in front of you verbatim when they’re still in front of you and are supposed to be writing a chronological narrative about events very much with nothing to do with anything inside this room. I’m then reminded how just because I haven’t written in direct speech it’s still rude.
If I had chosen to glance to the window, beyond the glass, I might have noted that the air outside was thick with something not quite all there yet, the hint of the somethings of could-bes lingering, like a sharp taste wallowing at the back of ones tongue after the scent of a harsh and dead, once-living thing. The weather was balancing on that indefinable precipice between the throbbing, insistent pressure of coldness and the inevitable moth-coloured fusillade of pent-up grimness that would bring with it the snow. It didn’t snow in time for Christmas, not that year, but the long and winter-grieved meadows bore a constant blanket of frost, as if someone had draped carefully sewn spider’s webs over our entire world.
This is serenity in the night time. A facade for other, loud and volatile things eclipsed by the suffocation of the day.
The words cut but I knew he was fishing. Fishing for me to turn around to embrace him and forgive him. Fishing for me to stroke his ego. His idea of an apology was manipulating me to do all the apologising. This time, I didn’t oblige him.
He is out, now. Gone. Washed away into the city. You stand in the kitchen with your uncomfortably stiff spine.
You place your palm against the side of his throat and press at the base of it with your thumb, just slightly. Holding him like something vulnerable with no more pressure than that of implied protection or gentle restraint. He’s still able to breathe. You’re not doing anything wrong.
It’s like a butterfly in a bell jar or ankles in handcuffs or a tiger in a cage made of chicken wire or your heart under your rib cage or a hand in somebody else’s hand.
So you’re reading it now and it’s pulling on something indefinable, but that’s okay. That’s really quite okay. To feel is better not to feel in most situations, which is a thing you never learned for yourself but were taught and accepted and you grew. With an air of sudden nostalgia, you wish you were still growing.
You move to touch him and pull once, twice, before he arches and comes across his stomach with his head thrown back. So human. So filthy. You wonder why everything is so complicated and often lost or extenuated in literature or in the biased imaginings of our own human condition when, in actuality, everything is so base and simple.
But there’s something more dangerous inside your veins and your mind that you can suppress - that you have suppressed - except now you can hear the roaring of it and the gnashing of its teeth. It’s surging onwards, forwards, out through your chest and your mouth and the gaps in your eyelids where the light is getting through.
The wallpaper of the hallway is rough against your fingertips. You stand in the doorway for a second and he’s smiling faintly because he hasn’t seen you yet. There are unquantifiable shivers breaking rank across your skin and your nipples are peaked with the cold. He moves and you don’t.
In other words, the brain is a fickle mistress. We do not retain the memories of exact experiences, but rather the memories of conscious (or subconscious) thoughts during said experiences; alternately, the memories can become tainted and affected due to a later event.
“Mm,” He’d twisted slightly to produce something from behind his back. “I hid lube down the back of the cushions, you see. You know, in case of emergency.”
“Be quiet and silent and pale and still,” You nearly, nearly whisper. “Let your hands go slack against my skin and stop making so much noise.”
It wasn’t long after that I let the gentle hum of the distant, electronic voices fade into an almost-music as I watched his face. I knew he wasn’t asleep and he knew I was watching his face, so vulnerable and deceptively young when relaxed, like nothing had hardly happened to either of us at all. New men; that’s what we saw ourselves as then. I kept one hand stubbornly fixed on his skull, moving less like a hand and more like how the sea breathes sometimes, when it’s seen the sun and is wiped clean by the navy-swathed arrival of the moon. I suppose some part of me believed that my hand was holding him, his everything - because it was, under the hair and the bone it truly was his everything - like a shield might hold another rib in place for ten extra minutes or how the atmosphere forever hanging (like a version of a forever) over us, making sure nothing ever escapes. In that moment, I realised that I wanted to learn and relearn every single passage of his mind, complex or otherwise, and to walk the hallways of his thinking in a place where time doesn’t exactly exist in the conventional way. That hand - my right hand - with it, I began to walk.
As his palms flutter uselessly, you imagine his vision growing dark in the corners. Your eyes are in the centre, still bright. He watches you as you watch him fall into a place where there are no floors.
The moment that he begins to panic is easily pinpointed. He starts to scrabble with his left hand on the sheets and his right hand scores pathways across your back and his eyes begin to adopt that hint of glassiness so, so familiar to you. You haven’t anything to say.
I remember the sloping dune, rolling carefully onto the sands and dotted sparsely with sharp plants, the sensation of damp and cold sand stinging the skin on my face. I can remember the shape of it, but I can’t remember walking down it, called by the crashing of the smaller waves rather than the bigger ones. What I do remember, however, is walking across the beach - forwards, always forwards - with our wellies sinking ever so slightly into the sand where small rivulets of water sprinted to the ocean under the ground. We were so small then, standing just on the precipice of everything, watching the moon play games with the water.
“-and the different ways you prefer your toast, and the exact intonation of your voice when you’re confused but you’re trying to mask it, and likelihood of you choosing particular channels when you turn on the television in percentages in descending order, and-- You get the gist, I’m sure.”
Slow. Pause. Give yourself time to think. To school every surface cell into taking on the shape of someone better, someone who he believes you to be.
A teacher. A primary school teacher, envisage him. Tired around the eyes and hands which sometimes shake when writing on the board in ‘DRYERASABLEMARKER’ but feet which are always stable foundations, shoulder width apart, proud, pride, they are proud feet. Is that enough? Does that establish our protagonist?
I don’t have the energy for this today and I think it’s getting conveyed in my typing. Angry typing which keeps going just slightly wrong. I’d rather be somewhere with windows, somewhere with the sea, perhaps. Stood somewhere close. Veins feed into the heart, so stood on a river, then. Flowing, nudging its body towards its mother. My feet, bare. Immersed in the current, I have become an intravenous invader. I conjure it. Closing my eyes here, in this present chronology, opening them elsewhere. It’s beautiful, the sun rippling across the surface which some would deem a millpond, a surface which I would deem turbulent. Minute currents and flip-flop splashes which capture something of the light which photographs – or memories – can’t. It’s only in these presents – not my present because I am elsewhere in the my-present which is the here-present – that we can see the seeable in ways like we can feel pain. It’s not very complicated. The light is sharp and startling and I look and look and look beyond and see the flat. Where the tiny motions erase themselves with distance and become one singular, perfect line.
“How many people have you killed?” You meet his eyes somewhere in the middle-ground between your bodies. You can imagine the cold press of a gun nestled in his palm. You can imagine warm blood running between his fingers as he forgets to breathe and the knife remains steadily clutched in his fist, riding it out. You can imagine his hands - tight, controlled- twisting to the right as a crack like lighting or a gunshot or an exploding tyre shudders down someone else’s neck. You imagine those hands and death in a quiet tandem, in a mutualistic relationship that - in time - has artfully learned how to dance.
But past the stony exterior, you notice everything. His buttoned collar. Condoms in his wallet. The sharp tang of something almost offendingly masculine. Date, which is evident from the-- No. No, not a date. Casual sex. You can see it in the set of his jaw.
It starts with a slight contortion of your face and you’re so close to him, you’re so close to him. You, the beast. He, the hunted. Your incisors are knives and your fists are like sunlight as you tighten them in the cotton. It’s this moment though, when you feel your facade slip slightly and - if only for a few moments - you know. You know John has seen into some place of you so dark and so untouched - unexplored - that you’d foolishly always assumed it could never be unearthed so shrewdly.
“No way. Not so fast.” I’d kissed the corner of his mouth, the line of his jaw. “You asked for this. My rules.” I had been determined to ensure he was so-very-not-bored for the longest period of time possible.
All I know is that when I finally opened my eyes again all the lights had been turned off and I was just in time to see the stool clattering harmlessly to the linoleum, long since cold and making no noise at all.
“Jesus didn’t--” I didn’t particularly want to argue the most basic beliefs of Christianity at that exact point in time. We’d had that debate before. “Listen, I’ll do the lights. It’s okay, it’s okay; I’ve had more practise. You could, uh,” Light the fire? I’d have to be insane. Make the mulled wine? We’d either all be horrifically drunk or horrifically sober. “Check the timer on the oven?”
I wet my lower lip. “Sorry?” My eyebrows had stretched so far into my hairline at this point that I doubt they were visible. On other days, this incident wouldn’t have bothered me in the slightest. Sometimes though, I couldn’t help but feel like we were destined to clash, angrily and repetitively, until we were either forcibly pulled apart or we destroyed one another.
, you told me, you gave me your word, whatever you like. Pedantic git. Did it never occur to you that by introducing certain parts of certain individuals (who no doubt all met their ends in more-than-suspicious circumstances, I might add) into our fridge not only contaminates your food and endangers your health, but also mine?”
You find yourself wanting this: John’s eyes meeting yours in the darkness as you stroke down his belly, down, down, then up again. This surprises you. The sex was never supposed to be a focus or even a craving.
John is staring at a corpse and you are staring at him, at the back of his neck, at his hands, wandering through the air.
It heavier, it gets heavier, a dead weight. The weight of a dead thing. Tied around your neck. All the things you could do or you have done or you will do. All your regrets and all the things you will regret.
“But look out of the window, Sherlock,” I remember becoming increasingly exasperated. “The view; look at it. We’re in the Sussex Downs for Christ’s sake, let’s at least enjoy it.”
“Why?” His eyebrows had creased somewhere in the middle. One paragraph in the books and books of Sherlock that I had learned to read: this was genuine confusion. “I haven’t done anything particularly arousing.”
“Killed.” You lick at your upper lip, nudge it into your mouth. Something outside is getting closer, pressing harder and harder against the glass, so you turn to look at it nonchalantly. Bleak skies. Make his head spin. Make yourself unreadable. “How many people have you killed?”
He smiled and it was an honest and bona fide smile. The kind of smiles reserved only for me. We didn’t say it very much, you see. We didn’t say it very much.
I had leant over him then, placing one knee between his spread thighs. After easing myself down - slowly, slowly; I was going to take my time - I’d breathed hard and hot into his left ear, “I should probably make myself explicit: I am going to fuck you. Right. Here.”
We remained like that for an indefinite time, oblivious to the crisp chill raging somewhat mutedly outside. Holding one another with our voices without saying a single word. Flickering in and out of the real spaces and the dimness wallowing in the shade; flickering in and out in tandem with the firelight.
Of course, the picture of domestic bliss that I’m painting is far from accurate. Especially not with one Sherlock Holmes constituting half of our relationship and a short-tempered army doctor making up the other 50%.
“Naked,” He had gritted out the command as he’d pulled away before moving towards me again, but I held back.
) he was sitting at the kitchen table, his head turned so that his absent gaze fell upon some indefinable image (
“-and the different ways you prefer your toast, and the exact intonation of your voice when you’re confused but you’re trying to mask it, and likelihood of you choosing particular channels when you turn on the television in percentages in descending order, and-- You get the gist, I’m sure.”
“A dishwasher. We’ll need to get a dishwasher.” Sherlock motioned somewhat vaguely behind him before launching himself into the middle of the floor. “And here- here let’s put an island (we won’t need a table, naturally, because we have a dining room now entirely for that purpose, how liberating, John!). An island where I can hang a light above it so I can see and maybe even some small drawers to keep my slides - oh, how excellent, there’s a plug socket right here for the microscope - and we--”
He moves into the kitchen, cuffing a solitary fist through his hair. Lights on, kettle on; John opens the fridge. You remain in the half-darkness - the place where everything is washed in the sort of damp you can’t taste, turning yellows into greys and reds into blacks - and you watch the ceramic stage. You watch the play unfurl. He stands in the limelight with no lines to remember. Your mind stores the images of him while your eyes track his movements. You don’t try to think of anything.
“Yes, a lot of things have happened here. But a lot of things are going to happen here. It’s just a building, John. A building that we’re going to fill with our own happenings and, while they won’t override the old ones, they’ll take precedence for me. The now is more important.” He flashed a sly grin at me and swept away, his dressing gown trailing carelessly off his bare shoulder.
You rub a line with the tip of your nose and its pathway would stand starkly out against his skin in a fluorescent yellow. You would be slow.
Your eyes fly open and you’re taking in too much air in too short a space of time and yes, there’s the ceiling and there’s the kitchen but he’s not in it so this isn’t right, this isn’t the correct place. Eyes wide, seeing nothing, submerge yourself again.
The loud rush of your breathing, air particles seeming to shatter on impact; the air is like knives. You’re drinking them in like hot coffee or like secrets you’re not supposed to have been told. You break the silence which can’t be labelled as comfortable, nor restricting. It’s merely a lack of sound.
He had glared slightly but he knew I could see the soft edges around his mouth, his eyes. There was one rebellious curl jutting out at an impossible angle, gone awry, rebelling. The yellow wash from the lights gave him an almost-halo: the universe’s most disobedient angel. I wanted to touch his hair.
“But this one,” Sherlock’s head had popped out of a doorway further down the corridor, meeting my eyes. “Unless it has completely escaped your notice, is significantly bigger.”
“Not dead people, per se,” His voice had been muffled slightly and I’d followed it out of the open French windows into the garden. I’d found him lying flat on his back, precisely in the middle of the lawn. “Only parts of dead people.” A pause. “And a meagre two days, if you must know the exact figure.”
In other words, the brain is a fickle mistress. We do not retain the memories of exact experiences, but rather the memories of conscious (or subconscious) thoughts during said experiences; alternately, the memories can become tainted and affected due to a later event.
Don’t get me wrong: I adored every second I spent with that man, pure adoration that went further than love and beyond into a stretch of palpitations and colours filling up every space in the marrow of my bones. But these moments of- well, freedom, were the moments in which, within myself, I felt incredibly alive and incredibly untethered to anything or anyone or even my own body. Just thoughts not following one definite path, traversing and fluttering into existence along every direction possible. And I shared them with him. I did. He was there beside me, his consciousness so far and so differently mapped than mine, but my hand was in his pocket, wrapped in his hand, I was wrapped in his hand, wrapped in him, and we were exquisitely aerial. Together, separate; what did it matter? Our eyes were pointed in the same direction and the dog ran across the sand.
I’m reading it now. And although I wrote it down - although I recorded this - everything is slightly blurred in places where it wasn’t in The Before and there are- Yes, there are definite markings and patterns and added colour where I knew it never used to be. When bereft of creative stimulus, I suppose, the mind entertains itself.
We must have stopped, pulled up the car, opened the doors to receive that initial shock of blustering air that tends to greet everyone near the sea in Autumn, set our feet on the ground. We must have done all of the conventional things one does upon arrival of most places, but I don’t remember it. I don’t even recall if it was Sherlock or myself driving. Probably Sherlock, come to think of it. No, all I remember is the colour of the sea set against the sky, the gradients of an ever-changing dye merging into one fine strip across our horizon, a chromatism that was like an oil spill in its lights and darks, except with only grey.
Your hands are still on his warm abdomen but your mind is gone, past the fluorescent shaft of artificially urban light and past and above and somewhere entirely surreal (but not quite).
Regardless, we arrived with nearly nothing, as new men might. Ready to sew our new selves into the walls.
The left corner of his mouth flicked upwards slightly and I could feel the warmth behind the affection of his gaze.
His eyes meet yours in the near-darkness, half closed and comfortable. He wouldn’t flinch as you held a scalpel above his beating heart, pressing insistently forwards with the understated sharpness of the blade. In and in.
You have such little time now. Everything is slipping away unnoticed with alarming speed. Hold your knees close to your chest. Burrow deeper into yourself. Begin the descent.
At this point, I’d moved back up again to smash my lips into his, to breathe roughly into his mouth, against his tongue, to leave him reeling. I remember now, I wanted him undone. Running my free hand down his chest, I had plucked at the T-shirt twisted carelessly across his body. “You do know you have your own pyjamas, right?” I had pulled back slightly but the line of his eyes never left my mouth.
He’d sighed as I walked in the room, lounging back on the couch with his feet hanging over one end, a hand melodramatically slung over his eyes. “I realise that, John. I realise that, but this whole early retirement lark initially promised endless hours and hours of a bed with you in it.” He had sighed again. “You’re not in bed, the bees are too far away for me to reach - because at this point in time I absolutely refuse to remove myself from this sofa - and you’re not in bed. As you can see, absolutely nothing is going to plan.”
And every morning his eyes would be gummed shut, as if with sand, with grit, flying towards his face in subconscious sandstorms, subconscious assaults. Rack-a-rack-a-rack-a-rack-a-rack-a-rick-a-rick-a-rick-a-rick-a-rick-rack-a-rack-a-rack-a-rack-a-rack. Did you know that machine gun crossfire will have a different frequency depending on its pivot in relation to where you’re standing? Did you know that insurgents in Afghanistan killed over two thousand three hundred civilians, including nine hundred and thirty in suicide bombings, and that military forces killed over one thousand six hundred and twenty civilians alone? Rack-a-rack-a-
Since you were four years old you have always been alone. You are alone in a room full of people. You are alone in this city because you are different and, thus, no one looks twice at you. And you are, notably, never alone in this flat.
“Notebook.” You had let the word loose so hurriedly that it bent sharply in the middle as it sped up your larynx and out of your mouth. Against the inside of your eyelids you saw the light stutter and distort itself.
He knocked over his mug on the way out. You hear him upstairs, his body more volatile and aggressive than usual, bashing into things. The cold tea is flooding into the rug, hungrily reaching out its claimed space; the dark patch’s territory grows with his absence. It’s like blood seeping into white bedsheets, you think aimlessly.
The teaspoon in his left hand taps unapologetically against the work surface. It reminds you of a clock, like it’s keeping some sense of time but the scale is backwards. The air between your mouth and the skin on your hands is the same air that he is dancing in. Through this air and his clothes and his cells and his ribcage lies his heart. Steady and beating in that cage of flesh; beating much like the spoon is.
One of my favourites only had a duration of a few seconds but I play it and replay it until I can recall it perfectly.
A few steps forward. Hesitant, now. You seem to have lost that driving force which possessed you in the hallway. Somewhere an engine is ticking over. Steam rising into the frost-ladened air, like a condensing breath which follows some sort of shout that no one could possibly have heard.
My left palm moved to curl around the side of his cheek, and when our skin initially made contact I noticed his eyelids flutter ever so slightly, as if blinking into a state of alertness under the dark. They stilled, though (as everything is wont to do), and I continued burning the map of his face into my memory, as I had done so many times before. I traced the contours of his eye sockets running into the bone of his brow, so uncreased and gentle. Every hollow of his face was accentuated by the fire, which I always imagine holds the secret to a magic trick; sullying the room while it performs the exact same process at the exact same time, only this time to purify it. In this strange, somehow unnatural-natural light, in this contradiction he seemed wholly unreal, like it was dangerous for me to be touching such an empyreal, celestial creature. To me, in this wash of orange and shadow, his mind was older than the stars.
The most prominent memory I have of our first Christmas in the house is the warmth. The heat from the fire sheltering us from the biting greyness outside - of course, of course that - yet more strikingly, the warmth sitting like a gratifying weight somewhere lost in my chest.
used more tape, I--” I remember the distinct sound of one particular detective entangled in fairy lights, crashing rather unceremoniously to the floorboards, remarkably clearly. It was only a few moments later that he had appeared at the bottom of the stairs, looking significantly more dishevelled that he had done ten minutes previously. “I don’t understand the tradition of making everything glow in the (somewhat inappropriately named) festivities. I don’t understand why the house has to look ‘nice’. You look nice. You think I look nice. It’s Christmas Day; let’s be properly and truly festive. Let’s have sex. Be merry, and all that. Jesus died for this, you know, after all.”
) is led more by his eyes then any quirk of the mouth, but there is a solitary indentation on the left side of his face due to (
In others, every exhalation speaks of denial or retraction. “I did doubt you for a moment,” His eyes seem to sing. “But I know it was only for that preoccupation. I do trust you - now. I trust you. I trust you. I trust you.” And then, very small and barely there: “Why don’t you believe me?”
You imagine everyone in the room has vanished. All the suits, all the voices, all the sounds of broken traffic and broken people, stalking the night-streets: vanished. You see yourself, you see him, and you see the scuffed marks on the bare floorboards where the puppet has been dragged away.
His head was thrown back, illustrating the blossom of colour creeping up from his chest and wrapping its tendrils around the base of his throat, and his eyes were screwed tightly closed while his mouth hung limply open, panting. I loved to watch his chest heave like this. I drew my crotch against his again - slowly, slowly - relishing how he writhed and keened under me. I closed the small distance again, only this time to roughly breathe into his mouth, against his tongue, as I slid one hand under the waistband of his underwear to stroke him gently, occasionally brushing my thumb over the head.
“But what about the descriptions?” You’re grinning at me. Cheshire cat. You know. “I need to know what he looks like so I can picture him properly. You know. In the tale.”
I don’t honestly recall much of the day after that, nor the evening. We had both agreed that, to each other, the future and the house and ourselves were the only presents we really wanted, and the move had kept us so occupied that we’d both forgotten about gifts until the night before, anyway. During dinner we talked as old friends tend to talk at Christmas, reminiscing Decembers gone past and recalling the moments everyone lived through with younger bones.
At the top of the rise there’s this ancient oak tree. I had passed it, trailing my fingers across the ugly surface of the trunk, thinking about age. Thinking that even this would end. I’d put both my hands behind my back and swore to myself that the next time I was up here, I’d be holding his hand instead. And so my memory leaves me. My feet had bravely insisted, “Forwards,” and onwards indeed I had marched into the low glare of the evening, too scared to turn around and to find my shadow disintegrating already, getting lost on the wind.
He exhales loudly through his nose. “As if. When will they even begin to consider leaving us alone for two bloody minutes?”
So he had turned and replied and disappeared and strode towards me and taken my chin in his palm and put on his coat and walked out of the house and pulled the curtains tightly shut and everything happened but of course, nothing happened really.
You take his body and turn him. His back must be digging uncomfortably into the work surface but he doesn’t say anything. He is confused and his eyes keep flicking into yours between resting on the floor or your left shoulder or your mouth, and he - beautifully - doesn’t protest. He doesn’t resist.
“Sherlock!” I had called out. The silence that met me was more than telling. “For exactly how long have you been keeping dead people in our fridge?”
It was a notebook, but the writing on the pages was three dimensional and I had added colour and movement and sound, all annotated so closely and so intricately that there were places where the ink pooled neatly off the corners and blended into the black.
My eyes fly open and I’m taking in too much air in too short a space of time and yes, there’s the ceiling and there’s the kitchen but he’s not in it so this isn’t right, this isn’t the correct place. Eyes wide, seeing nothing, submerge myself again.
I had laughed then, wrapping my arms around his body and drawing him close to me. “Keep it there,” I had said. “You never know. It might still prove to be a quite handy spot.”
After that he had merely sighed distractedly into my mouth, drew me closer to him. It was only when we heard Greg laughing nervously in the kitchen doorway that we pulled apart sheepishly, his hand still curled possessively around my hip.
It was in July of the same year that I had opened the fridge, only to find - to my abject horror on account of Sherlock’s absolute oath that he would oh-so-definitely-not-be-ever-touching-dead-things-again - exactly one head, three fingers from three different left hands, one third of a tongue and fourteen-point-five toenails. Oh, and at the back I discovered a (very poorly hidden) liver some three days later. I had notably, until this exact moment in time, been pleasantly surprised with Sherlock’s adherence to this particular promise and had enjoyed immensely consuming, say, some mango chutney left over from the Indian the night before without being in fear of my life.
“It’s not, actually, tradition.” He’d said, staring at the cranberry sauce. “It’s more traditional to have goose.”
Your fingers squeeze him so artfully, so delicately towards unconsciousness. There is no sound so you make some up: a humming, quiet and highly pitched in the base of your throat; the clash of your tongue against the breakers of your teeth; the clicking, wet noises of his constricting throat; somebody’s shoes scuffing on the floorboards; the wind, loud and loud and loud and loud and loud; or perhaps nothing at all except the occasional wheeze of your thoughts.
) navy blue. His hair is an ashen colour, clearly greying, yet has the tendency to occasionally catch the light and (
It’s some time later that he reemerges. You notice that they couldn’t resuscitate him. Poor man. Died on the operating table, they said. Died of coldness to the heart. The solid beep is residual in your mind.
Sherlock had batted uselessly at the buttons on my shirt before I had travelled the distance between our mouths, running my teeth over his bottom lip and beginning the slow and heady exploration of his tongue (one particular journey which could never grow dull). Then his hands had clenched into fists around the material on my front, my back, holding me in place and drawing me forever closer to him. He was hot under me, even through the layers between us.
There wasn’t much space on the sofa but we managed to arrange ourselves all the same. Soon I had removed both our shirts and his pyjama bottoms, before I’d guided his arms back up over his head and held him down again.
All you know is that when you finally opened your eyes again all the lights had been turned off and you were just in time to see the stool clattering harmlessly to the linoleum, long since cold and making no noise at all.
His eyes slide up to meet yours, then down again. He finishes his sentence - slowly. He types - slowly. He sleeps - slowly. He lives - slowly. The keys remind you of the kind of rain which follows a thunderstorm.
Sinking. You think it’s like watching someone drown - like watching someone you love drown - but you’re standing on the harbour or you’re standing on the beach or you’re standing on the cliff face and you can’t do a thing to save them.
“Dull,” He had exhaled before curving his spine off the cushions so his torso pressed starkly against mine.
“You’re so cheerful, god, I don’t know how you manage it at eight every morning.” This colleague picked up their tea, winced, put down their tea (in a clear demonstration of their inability to exude cheerfulness at eight in the morning) and continued, “Cheerful Sandy. More cheery than a box of Cheerios. God help me.”
The line is yellow, then golden, then tearing at the seams as if the flesh wants to rupture completely apart. You follow it with your tongue. Soft stripes, soft stripes.
“Well frankly, John, that couldn’t give a damn.” He’d rolled over to plant his face again the grass and groan loudly. “I don’t see why this is such a problem: we buy uncooked meat all the time. You’ve seen more dead human beings than most. You love me. The fridge is the most convenient place for that liver and I know how much you’d hate to have fruit flies.”
Silence, and this time it drags, like it’s leaving slurred footprints in the mud on the mantlepiece. A different type of urgency that you resist for the falsehood of this atmosphere. This is of your creation.
You find yourself in a paradoxical quandary. It is now that you press down the small button on the stopwatch embedded in your mind; you watch the hand eat away the first few seconds and wonder absently when it will stop.
All I truly remember is laughing and watching Sherlock laugh; dim firelight and a soft hum of whiteness from the tree framing his face; sinking into the sofas which devoured him in only the best possible way; looking very small and very alive. I rarely found myself happier. I rarely do.
Later, with Mycroft and Molly and Greg and Greg’s daughter, Beth, all chatting amiably at our dining table, Sherlock had peered over my shoulder only to sniff haughtily at the turkey. “I don’t understand why we have to do this, either. I don’t even like turkey very much.”
There are people floating between you in blue or white suits (you can’t quite remember) and they’re all blind, they’re all already dead. What the point? You wonder this, often enough. Surely the only point to existence is the adrenaline of destruction. Destruct, reconstruct, tear ourselves to pieces again. How do you listen to someone else’s heartbeat with the knowledge that it could fit quite exactly in your fist? How do you watch someone else make a cup of tea with the intimate knowledge of how to kill a human in three hundred and forty-nine different ways?
There’s a sliver of light being forced between the curtains by a streetlamp outside. It burns with a kind of orange sincerity as it brushes over your skin, revealing nothing.
Sherlock’s parents had left the little cottage in Sussex to him, and he - unsurprisingly - had neglected to mention this to me until he announced completely unprecedented - one fine day in June - that he was going to retire. And that, of course, I should retire alongside him.
Our eyes had met then, and I remember the feeling of mine becoming impossibly softer under his. “You could have just asked, you know.”
“I like them better on you, anyway,” I’d murmured before running my hand down and underneath the offending article, merely holding his stomach with my thumb dipping into his belly button, enjoying the heat of him.
Your hands, roaming the soft skin. You wonder what it would feel like to reach in, break his ribcage apart like you were performing open heart surgery and hold the fatty organ in your fist as it pumped and pumped and pumped and pumped and then- didn’t. You wonder if the rate of it would increase or decrease as more blood found it’s way onto his skin and you traced red patterns with your fingertips.
His eyes flash as he slides the door behind him and he looks past you, out at the dark. He can’t make out any shapes beyond those of these walls. In his ignorance - at this precise moment - he is beautiful.
“Sorry?” It’s curt. You predicted this. His head is cocked slightly to the side and you are breathing ribbons.
Press his buttons. Pull his strings. Dance him into the palm of your hand, into the space between your incisors. Resist the urge to bite.
In the June of 2030, we had bought a dog (whom Sherlock was insistent that we name ‘Gladstone’, for some unknown reason), and it was one day in October that we decided to take him to the coast. It wasn’t far from us, you see, and the poor dog had never laid eyes on the ocean. It’s not that we didn’t walk often - of course, most days we went through the fields where sometimes pockets of silence would hit you like a physical force and it’s all I could do not to crave London again, or sometimes we’d lose him on purpose in a meadow where the grass was too high and we’d pretend not to be able to find him, a chase of sorts, ending with Sherlock crashing his mouth into mine as we tumbled to the earth, seemingly drowning under all the grasses - but this one particular outing has nestled itself in my memory, grown roots that I just can’t seem to be able to shake. So I’ll write it down as I write everything down, no doubt with airs of romanticism, but documenting everything nonetheless. I don’t know why. Only I am going to read this, and I’m the only one with the weathered memory, but it seems important to record these things, somehow. Like I’d lose them if I didn’t.
I feel, therefore, it’s only fair that these last eight-or-so years are recorded too, perhaps before I get too old to remember them to any significant degree of detail, or perhaps because paper tends to remember far longer than any human being could.
He had kissed me strong and slowly - with a certain intensity yet without the furious speed that enthusiasm usually incited in him - drawing my body close to his body so that we moved like water, like we didn’t have edges between us at all. An indefinite time later he’d led us into bed, warm and our bellies pleasantly full. We savoured the moments of that night, like we weren’t in a rush. Like we had the rest of our lives.
Two men, standing among shafts of sunlight, dust motes around their feet. Bringing something untouched, something old to life. Writing just another chapter, filling it with furniture.
After a while he had twisted his hands from my loose grip before running one through my hair, rasping his nails gently over my scalp. “You know, we missed a trick here.”
You shift to the side and lie alongside him. The shared eye contact you exchange is one of understanding when you know that you’re both speaking different languages. He looks at you with recovered confidence, now self-assured and comfortable. In some seconds you think he’s saying: “I’m sorry.”
) that sat, for the moment, untouched. He was either enjoying the steady flow of steam onto his neck or he was oblivious. Thinking (
“You seem the image of perfect health to me.” He had glanced over at me then, for the first time since I had come outside. I watched my shadow loom over his belly. “Anyway, we’ve had this argument a thousand times before.”
He does trust you. You swirl it around your skull like wine on the soft palate. He does trust you. And yet, for that one small moment, his faith in you wavered all the same.
Sand, grit, enmeshed between my toes as prisoners which have never tasted the salt. Freshwater feet, buried in veins, not understanding the point of arteries. Why would anything want to leave that? Leave her? The sea – she - - I give her pronouns like the women who traverse her. This is a female landscape. I look up and look back and I’ve lost sight of the line and I’ve lost sight of the beach and my feet are sinking into the silt. I look around and realise for the first time that I am alone. Windowless.
But this teacher, with his proud feet. We must do him justice. He’s got a ramrod back and jumpers which someone told him once mask his surprisingly impressive musculature. He’s got sandy hair thanks to genetics and it’s flecked with silvery ashes thanks to exposure to Time. Before this Time was so desperately cruel the genetics always seemed to win out and he was awarded the epithet of ‘Sandy’. And then, later, markedly as a product of rapacious Time, he was outwardly cheerful, amenable. One unremarkable morning in the cramped staffroom during the morning briefing he was sitting upon a chair with a worn seat which smelled like stale instant coffee which overpowered the small of fresh play-dough and buttered cheap toast from the corridor and he was being outwardly cheerful (thank you, Time). And somebody said - a colleague, irrelevant to this chronology –
This is a tale of little boys listening to the guttural and silent cries of grief. This is a tale of Elvis Presley, novelty mugs, car heaters which don’t work. Ad infinitum. A tale of liminality, a tale of ambiguity. A tale of growing up and of growing younger and of shouldering something bigger than we are built to bear.
He shakes his head, short and sharp. Instead of holding his arm, John comes around the table and sets a hand flat on Sherlock's back; his motionless muscles are like oak to the touch, dense and rigid.
His mouth tightened, sealing back the rest of what he had to say; Mary could guess the sentiment if not the substance.
"I couldn't guess at whether you had made the deduction, no." Mycroft searches the granite planes of his face. "You disappeared rather thoroughly before the shock had begun to wear off."
, because Sherlock doesn't and John isn't — even if he did accept a while ago he'd be any damn thing Sherlock needs.
Sherlock stiffened and pulled back, leaving me in a stunned haze as he crossed the landing into the front room, used the threshold to reassert the boundary we had come so close to crossing.
"What the fuck are you doing here?" He glared at her from in front of the writing table, an ominous silhouette framed by the horned skull on the wall.
John's jaw sets. This... apology, he supposes — this would have helped ease his heart, during those long wondering days and nights. Three fucking years. Sherlock's been carrying it with him a long time, most of that time.
"Why?" Sherlock snaps, discomfited; the inside of his lip tastes faintly of dried blood. Caught in his teeth as the crop came down hard...
Kettle on, I walked back into the front room and sat in my chair; I had a clear view of the sofa, the music stand, the windows, Sherlock's seat, nearly anywhere Sherlock might choose to move in the room.
John gazes at the opposing wall, clenching his teeth on all the useless names he wants to call himself, as well as the urge to drag Sherlock into the kitchen by the scruff of his neck. The paranoid adrenaline is
But then John caves, inexplicably, to a disapproving tilt of the head. Or to some sense that this person, whoever he is — MI5, MI6, criminal mastermind,
John scolds him with a smile, reaches out too late to rap Sherlock's knuckles with his fork, but his eyes catch on Sherlock's pinkie. His utterly unadorned pinkie, not the faintest hint of red Entanglement anywhere near it. John had been sure he'd just missed it before, in the day's chaos, but in this quiet room, with Sherlock's hand within touching distance, ungloved and unhurried — there can be no doubt.
Sherlock rolls abruptly towards the opposite edge of the mattress, heart pounding, skin throbbing. He ends up with one foot on the floor, one knee still on the bed, one hand on the tantō under his pillow; and the someone is John, only John (still in his Fusiliers shirt, eyes wide, sweat dried, finger in the preface of Butler's
"What?" Mary exclaimed, fingers and toes suddenly burning cold with adrenaline and anger; this accusation was beyond the pale. John straightened, looking at her, mouth slightly open at her vehemence. "Sherlock, you think I'm — no.
"I know we'll come up with something because you and I always do when we're together. What was it you said about me? I'm a lens for your brilliance?" And yes, he'd been offended at the time, but he's had almost three years to think about what Sherlock had
He'd consented to the game easily enough in the midst of his mania, obviously familiar with the rules, and John's not entirely certain what to make of that apparent contradiction to "not my area." But after Sherlock's wild flares of enthusiasm he sinks into black moods, when he doesn't want to be touched or spoken to, or even see movement in his line of sight. And coming down from the cocaine high is surely making the swing worse today.
John considers his answer while rummaging in a drawer for a wooden spoon, then stirring the sauce slowly.
His hands clenched in my hair, my shirt, around my belt, pulling me tight against him, restraint crumbling. For those first few moments I yielded to his strength, and to an expertise I hadn't anticipated; holding him just as close, but following his lead as I so often did.
John had stepped urgently forward, into Sherlock's space, caught his arm with gentle firmness, and tugged it down so he could pull the gun from unresisting fingers. Without letting go of Sherlock's wrist, he decocked its hammer and leaned to place it carefully on the mantelpiece. Mary wiped her eyes on the back of her hand and watched John gently lower Sherlock onto the greenish chair behind him, his other hand resting against Sherlock's cheek.
John makes one of his uncategorizable noises and rolls to his back, following. His fingers close around the underside of Sherlock's wrist, the heels of their hands just touching.
"Sherlock." Voice odd, low and absolutely level and only slightly breathless, and Sherlock turns worriedly—
Sherlock, for his part, remains aloof from everyone's scrutiny, and refuses to respond to Jim's "Nice to meet you" — intended for Sherlock, and Sherlock alone. The awkward silence stretches until, for Molly's sake, John manages a simple "you, too."
this — touch, affection — but everything is changing, again, and they hold each other up, holding on tight as if they never plan to let go. The warm, living body in John's arms — raspy breathing, bony ribcage, foreign smells and all — finally convinces his battered heart that Sherlock is
"I seem to recall I wasn't speaking to you, then. I'm not sure I want to be speaking to you now." It's only half a lie; he wouldn't care if he never speaks to Mycroft again, but John wouldn't give up the blessed relief he feels for anything. Wouldn't give up having something outside his own head — finally — that confirms his steady faith over the last three years hasn't been a form of madness. But the faith is braided with a subterranean fury that's been held in abeyance just as long.
With the slow, silent steps he once used to approach guarded enemy compounds, John moves past the refrigerator and kitchen table, watching Sherlock through different eyes: his manic pacing from fireplace to coffee table and back again, his fingers lost in the curls at the back of his head, and the dressing gown a pale echo of the swirl of his greatcoat. All the cocaine markers are there, if John had only been
John pinches his lower lip, using the pain to focus his mind, searching tensely for more glimpses of that disconcerting flash he'd seen near Sherlock's hand.
Sherlock braces his hands before pushing himself up, and John guides him around the corner of the table. His hand grips John's shoulder hard for support, and John looks up into his face, worried; Sherlock shakes his head, apparently accompanying some apology he's not able to verbalise.
Sherlock and I didn't stop arguing the ethics of human experimentation on our way home from Dartmoor. Burnt umber intransigence in the Land Rover. Stony discretion in the train. Intermittent flares of gray and ochre, around other people's attention, from the station to the cab; quiet, in the cab, and picking up again from the street door to the landing at 221B. I started for the upper stairs to my room, shaking my head, only to be stilled when Sherlock crowded me against the kitchen door.
She stilled. John was an immobile column of vigilant energy, dissecting Sherlock with dead calm eyes.
"John..." Sherlock says; a rough whisper. He closes his eyes, pulls his chin down to the side in a grimace. Shakes his head before lifting his gaze again — restrained, wary now. "I am sorry, John."
John nods and scribbles notes on the envelope, trusting the summary to hit all the pertinent details; giving Sherlock a chance to eat his biscuit.
John trots down the stairs, smiles good morning to Mrs Hudson, Mr Chatterjee, and Mycroft's first camera on Baker Street, takes a brisk walk up to the park, and then pushes himself with a good hard run on the Outer Circle. He ignores protests from muscles that have gotten softer than he'd like, and he's still absurdly pleased that there's no sign of the limp returning. His head feels clearer than it has in ages.
No sign Sherlock's gone scrabbling for his stash; he's sitting cross-legged on the bed with his piles of papers in front of him, the bottle on the mattress at his side, capped again but three-quarters empty. John sets the plate down within Sherlock's reach, starts unloading the box.
think of any way he could have warned John something was coming without warning him something was coming. Maybe he could have if he'd tried, but that's not the most pressing point at this moment —
John takes a long, deep breath, and sets the folded poem down carefully on the tea tray, freeing his hands to manage boiling water and soothing scents; ignoring the threatening damp at the corners of his own eyes.
A shiver courses through John, something dark and unnameable settling at the base of his spine. He reaches with measuring fingertips to feel the thin skin over Sherlock's scapula, considering likely angles, how many years it's been since he's done anything like this. Checks himself for lingering anger or fright.
He turns back and tries to conceal a frown. Molly's Entanglement is like nothing he has ever seen — an uncomfortable blur of red, strange enough that John has trouble looking at her. The nebulous strand splits up her arm to the elbow, unknotted, but not hanging loose from her pinkie to trail behind her, as he'd expect if she'd not met her mate.
John shifts his weight toward the back of his feet, and Sherlock grips a little tighter, lips parted around vital words that still won't come: to offer, to ask, to
"Bedroom. Now," John snaps, a hard no-nonsense order; Sherlock's mouth opens on a protest, brow creasing, and yet his feet move, wrist carried along in John's grip.
A clothesline near the ceiling, strung with maps, and three surprisingly sharp CCTV printouts of a crowd surrounding a bonfire.
John's hand tightens, and his voice, when he finds it again, is hot and dry as the simoom. "You did what you felt necessary to protect the people you care about, Sherlock. Not the same thing at all."
Sherlock hands the stack to him. Earnest sparks light his eyes, and he picks up a biscuit. John pretends not to notice, leafing through the invoices and purchase orders and manuals and notes.
appalled listening to the man quote, verbatim, from John's therapist's notes. Far worse than being effectively kidnapped, to have his private diagnoses violated — in anticipation of this meeting — by a man becoming more
Light-headed, John feels himself nod, once, and swallow several times. With slow deliberation, he folds the page back into its well-worn creases.
"Stop." John is more surprised by the level command in his voice than the fact that Sherlock actually falls silent. "Despite the cleverness of whatever you're planning to say, the only difference between Harry and alcohol, and you and
Sherlock keeps coming back to it; CID's data is useless, Crown's better, Interpol's voluminous and it's a rush, slotting everything into matching columns — ships and planes, ports and airports, trucking companies, borders, tunnels, times, dates, average cargo volume: fractal patterns of normal behaviour, and the
He holds out his own hand, steady by comparison. Just as reluctant to take his eyes off Sherlock, unable to throw off the feeling he's hallucinating, and if he looks away the impossible figure will fade back into the twilight. No matter the strength of the grip he still feels on his arm, or the sheer incongruous detail of the color of Sherlock's hair.
Through their hands she felt John twitch, and this time he got the cautionary squeeze; vitally important he not deny it this time. Sherlock was already shaking his head.
She took a step back, right up to the threshold of the landing, pulse pounding with the abrupt flush of remembered adrenaline, ears ringing with the child's screams, her voice and Sherlock's shouting John's name. John caught his hand on the back of the chair, thighs tightening beneath his denims to keep himself upright. He'd gone from gray to stark white; for a moment she was afraid he was more likely to pass out than Sherlock.
Sherlock is doing his thing with the palace again, conducting mental symphonies with his hands, accompanied by facial expressions that might be comical in some other circumstance. It's clear he won't hear a thing John says, so he writes a note in large block letters that says "GONE FOR A RUN" and considers using a paper clip to hang it from Sherlock's fringe where he can't miss it. He settles for wrapping it around Sherlock's phone.
But... Sherlock looms close over his shoulder, left hand gripping the back of the chair, near-touch tingling against John's spine, and the computer's answer, when it comes, only throws Sherlock into puzzlement.
He's tired — it's been a long day; with everyone gone he should find his cane, turn the lights out, head upstairs and find out if that second room has a bed in it. He flexes his hand — frowning over how steady it is, what that might mean.
John murmurs a greeting to the battered black tom sitting on his doorstep before unlocking the door; he shifts to let Sherlock enter ahead of him. The cat darts between their legs, and Sherlock steps carefully until it vanishes into the kitchen. Then he lifts that flat gaze to John's face, and it's wrong that his eyes aren't flicking about the room, absorbing every detail of John's new life.
He presses his temple against the bare skin of Sherlock's neck, feels the pulse racing there. Comforting. He's struck by the thought he hasn't been this close to another human being since...since the brief embrace by Molly at the station, really.
"A fall from grace," he said, rough and quiet. After all his hard work, admitting to himself that he might
"You have an intermittent tremor in your left hand," the mystery man says, and John can't stop his swallow, uncertain whether he's relieved that his neglected secret is still his alone. But he
Mary looked between their faces; and if she hadn't known before, the softness of John's eyes, the way his frame eased, all the little things she recognized in John's body language for
This humility can't last and, frustrated as he's been with Sherlock's absence, frustrated as he once was with his everpresent need to show off, John's not sure he likes the look of it on Sherlock.
Sherlock might have surrendered to the hard tone, to John's grip on his wrist. John might remember the calming aftereffects of a good thrashing all too well from late nights with an adventurous girlfriend in med school. The crop on his floor might be suggestive. But this is
soup so she didn't want to spill his soup) as she dove and rolled to her left where she could take cover in the kitchen.
Sherlock's breathing fast, but not so loud as to drown out traffic outside (cabs, an Aston Martin), and John's watching too close, disquieted. Stop. Shut down, emotion only interferes, too much—
shaking; not at all. His pulse drums in the too-tight skin across his cheekbones, and adrenaline saturates his growl.
Mary's throat clenched and jaw tightened at the photograph of her best friend Janine, smiling thinly up at Magnussen at some formal function. So much for friendship: at best Janine had been bought and sold with another of Magnussen's hoarded tidbits of leverage; at worst, she'd been his agent all along, a ready hand with which to menace Mary — or John. And Mary had been blind to his machinations either way.
"Stop," John said, sharp and tight. Mary could hear the pressure of his emotions behind the one word. Sherlock fell silent.
"He groomed me to step into his shoes, and I did not disappoint him. I have become the murderer all of you feared."
"You, Sherlock Holmes, are an ass," John said. "You have always been an ass and you probably always will be one."
"Sherlock?" Not so much as a twitch. Not retreating to the platinum precision of his 'mind palace,' then; if he were, I would have expected to see his fingers shifting, at the very least — conducting symphonies, pushing aside useless data.
"All right," John says. "Fine. I realize I'm an idiot, but — Buckingham Palace? Really? How exactly were you meant to pull that one from behind my ear?"
"Then imitate the action of the tiger, stiffen the sinews, summon up the blood! Disguise — disguise fair nature with hard-favoured rage!"
— circle in the darkness, fighting to form thoughts and plans and worries and ideas, but the shocks of pain chase them back, back, crackling like an electric fence to keep them at bay.
John frowned, brows contracting over shifting blue eyes. She recognized the twist of warring priorities. The instinct to trust Sherlock — and her; the suspicion that he shouldn't trust either. And no comprehension of how to solve the puzzle he'd been posed.
"Wait — what?" John asked, and then looked at Mary in the doorway again, lips thin, fingers unconsciously flexing and relaxing. His eyes sought hers, and she watched the fear and anger build as he placed the pieces of her retreat together; not as quickly as Sherlock, but just as thoroughly. Shame finally closed her eyes, turned her head away.
"Too many things you've been away from too long, that's all. Taste and smell, memory and emotion," he shrugs, as if mentioning in passing facts Sherlock already thoroughly understands, but he's not sure Sherlock's ever experienced the visceral power of his sense-memories like this before.
"And maybe mine." The picture on the right: frenzied Sherlock throwing a hunk of burning pallet out of the pyre.
Hands steady as stone, John sets the cereal box down next to the laptop and takes hold of Sherlock's sleeve. Watches Sherlock's face while he pushes the fabric up above the crook of his left elbow, the tense muscles playing under his skin in confusing patterns, like letters refusing to form comprehensible words.
But he needs to stay where he can watch over Sherlock. Aside from the big bed the room is light on furniture but John's fairly sure the mound of detritus next to the wardrobe hides the kidnapped kitchen chair for which he'd never quite gotten around to arranging a search party. With a sigh and more care than he'd shown earlier, John clears more evidence of Sherlock's frenetic obsession and shifts the chair nearer the bed. Unsure how long Sherlock will sleep, John tugs the least intimidating book off of the shelves, and sits down with it on his lap.
in the low murmur, feel tiny silver needles piercing my insides. I didn't stifle my sigh nor the almost-shake of my head; tilted my neck back so I could stare at the ceiling.
"Yes, and I'm sure you've experimented to find the optimal dose for whatever problem you're working on, and
Sherlock sets John's hand over his ribcage, over his heart, closes his eyes and evens his breathing until he feels John relax against him, limbs heavy and cooling in second-stage sleep.
"My God," she breathed; John looked up as well, frowning at first before his face lost color. Mary turned back to Sherlock. "That was him, Magnussen? It was. Why?"
"Only you, Sherlock, could get so much out of so little," he smiles. Playing his accustomed role, putting Sherlock back at ease, for all that he means every word.
— flick down to the tell-tale box. But his breath hitches a little before he speaks. "Oh, yes, that. I—"
"Sherlock," Mary said, and then sighed, looking at John and the tight bunch of his eyebrows and shoulders. "He's not wrong, love."
He shakes himself, opens the bottle, shakes a pill into his hand and downs it before he can get any farther lost in thought. He'd tried to keep Sherlock from knowing about the codeine-laced painkiller because his history suggested having an opiate in the house was a risk factor — but also because John had hated to reveal how bad the headaches were before he adapted to having his curse active again. And despite his precautions, he shouldn't be shocked that Sherlock knows about the hidden pill bottle.
something, some colour in his life beyond his brilliant collection of cold metal facts, had to seem a mortal flaw.
John waits until Sherlock unscrews the bottle cap, then steps out to the kitchen, leans on his forearm against the side of the refrigerator for a moment: filling his lungs, chasing away his own lingering adrenaline, the frustration and guilt that will only get in the way of doing his job properly. He snags an empty copier paper box and tosses in manila envelopes, a thick handful of plastic freezer bags, and all of Sherlock's coloured permanent markers, and adds another bottle of water. He quickly fills a plate with small piles of crisps, biscuits, cheese, anything easily to hand on their too-barren shelves, then hefts the box against his hip and returns to the bedroom.
"John...Watson, hi," he says, and he can't stand more than a quick glance at Jim-from-IT, wreathed with shadows, and blurs, and momentary flashes of red and gilt when his hand comes out from behind Molly's back...
Sherlock exhales and scrapes the waistband of his pyjamas higher on his hips; deliberately bringing sleepy welts to prickling wakefulness. He steps around the foot of the bed, straddles the chair, sinks down until his arms fold across the crest rail, and rests his forehead upon them; the exposure of his skin to John's eyes and hands feels palpable, like a new form of heat rising from his back and shoulders.
." His hand comes up to cover his mouth too late to prevent the exclamation. Too many conflicting desires, including the sudden unexpected impulse to bolt back the way he'd come, lock himself in his office until this bout of madness — has to be madness, we
Strangely obedient, Sherlock hands over the pack — absurdly light, more prop than luggage — licks uncertainly at his lips, and falls into step alongside John. Thoughts tumble over each other and tangle John's vocal cords so even if he knew what to say he'd still be silenced. He leads the way, invoking his professional training enough to provide the bit of detachment he needs. Better, until they're inside, to search for signs of injury or illness in Sherlock's gait, carriage, skin tone; though distance hardly smothers the burn of relief when he can't spot anything worse than the signs of exhaustion and malnutrition he's already noted.
," John said over the roaring in her ears, gaze flickering between them. "She brought you your damn soup."
Rubbing at the back of his neck, John looks again at Sherlock, stretched out on top of the duvet like a fetishist's version of Snow White: red welts against pale skin caressed by black curls. Though he
John closed his eyes, covered them with his hand so only the working of his throat suggested he might be close to tears. When Mary glanced down, Sherlock's face was turned aside, toward the fireplace, eyes pinched shut but lashes damp, and the fine lines around his mouth suggested some hopeless, silent pain.
The bullet passed inches in front of her nose, plowing itself into the kitchen floor beyond her at a shallow angle. The beakers and flasks on the central table rang. The sound of the shot echoed throughout the building, the neighborhood.
He can feel the pulse picking up in his temple, but this revival of long-deferred rage is not helpful, here, now. John swallows back the bitter lump in his throat and makes himself look back over at Sherlock, slumped wearily in the chair and yet as taut as an overstrung violin. Still wearing his jacket, as if afraid John really will toss him out at any moment.
. But so far, I'm just on notice. And I've been trying to figure how to get to him before he can use me."
Taut with nerves, John watches the dark head bent over the microscope; there's something he recognises in the way Sherlock shuts out the world and the ticking clock to focus on the task in front of him, but John can't stop himself pacing and wondering aloud, imagination all too good at filling in the unknowns around the terrified voice at the other end of the phone. He hates waiting for intel, wants the order to
Mary felt battle-calm wash over her, her own form of adrenaline rush, her awareness of every potential weapon in the kitchen but this wasn't — she couldn't.
Paint samples. Glass. Clues he knew John wouldn't follow. Sherlock had shut away anything John might have recognised, if he'd stumbled across them elsewhere in the flat: the webbed harness that held the explosives, the trigger wires, the
Well, I'd looked. And discovered some surprising things along the way about my feelings toward him, best played close to the chest because I had Sherlock's clear word on the matter, and because not every relationship has to be about sex. Though I'd realized I wouldn't turn him down flat if he asked, either. Which had taken a bit of mental rearranging — but, then, I'd been doing a lot of that since I moved in with him.
John lopes up the staircase, still shaken by the destruction on the street outside: his second sight can't tell him a damn thing about Sherlock's presence or absence or state of health, and worry and guilt nip at the heels of borderline panic. There's
"I...don't know what to do now. I was never able to see beyond this day." He rests his elbow on the table, leans his head against his hand, three continents of weariness beginning to overcome the tension holding him together. Sherlock unsure, Sherlock slumping: yet more discordant notes. "I am dead, I am disgraced, I am a criminal in my own right, now. I can't simply go back to Baker Street and pick up where I left off."
John closes his eyes, swallows, too close to the edge of his self-control. Any other time, he'd grab his jacket and bolt outside, get enough cool air to calm himself down. To check his temper. Any other time.
John cleared his throat, stared into her eyes for a moment. But his expression was blank, the mobile face she'd loved to watch shift with his thoughts gone hard and unmoving. He stepped close enough to accept the offering from her, then returned to Sherlock's side and set it on the table so he could flatten the bag around the soup container. He placed the spoon in Sherlock's hand, and the pale white plastic against his dark curls was much less alarming than the chrome barrel of the gun.
Sherlock gets there first, slow steps quickening so he can catch John's arm through the sleeve of his jumper, holding on fiercely. His face is thinner, cheekbones too sharp, eye sockets sunken and sleepless, but his eyes haven't changed — luminous grey, glittering with worry.
, was someone who trusted me who I could trust in return. Was I the only person you didn't tell because you were afraid your clever plot would end up on the bloody
"No, okay, you do. I've just—" John knows better than to finish that thought; bites back any intimation that Sherlock might be feeling anything at all, let alone fear. He picks up the bottle of water and holds it out. "Look, drink this and have a seat so I can look you over, will you?"
kitchen now, he supposes. Outside, Sherlock gets into the cab, disappearing without a word, and John starts a new GPS search on the website and then the Met are gone too and there is
"What are you now?" John's question was quiet, but still silenced Sherlock's next biting interrogation. They both looked at her. She looked only at John.
Sherlock hasn't even tried, hasn't undressed or gone near the quaint little bed in his quaint little room at the inn — he sits near the window, staring into the dark. Over and over again, his fingertips trace the faint grey bond-imprint crossing his jugular to the nadir of its former arc, just above his suprasternal notch. The point where the windpipe is most vulnerable, when self-defence is necessary. The concavity he loves for John to touch, if he's feeling sensuous. The hollow where fear and doubt reside, if he's feeling poetic. Certainly where he'd felt those emotions yesterday, cold against the warmth of the common room fire.
Usually, the difficulty of balancing the man's unique approach to the world and his callous abrasiveness is worth the effort. Today, it's a near thing. In spite of the high-stakes commotion of the last few hours — the bomb, the phone, Lestrade, the crying woman, the shoes — the row that's been simmering between them since last night still bubbles just beneath the surface.
A statement of the facts. His moving out might kill them both, but he really isn't about to make an exception for Sherlock he won't make for his sister.
"If I do, it's because you often don't leave me a whole lot of bloody choice." A harsh whisper, barely restrained. "And 'eliciting desired behaviour' when we both know what I'm doing is different from
"It's fine. Married to your work, friend not friends. I do listen, you know. We don't need to change." Our knees were so close to brushing I could almost feel sparks across the gap.
Molly looks at John expectantly; Jim barely glances at him before returning his full attention to Sherlock. John blinks, plays back through the conversation. Molly was trying to introduce him, but doesn't know his name because Sherlock has probably never had reason to mention John to her.
John wants to hold that attention for as long as he can, and he'll take any bad idea he can get if it works.
. You manipulated me, rather than trusting you could say 'I need you to be my guinea pig, for the case.'"
He inhales. Stale air, much too warm. His eyes skate back and forth, finding the riding crop next to a bottle of water on the bedside cabinet; his mind skitters around the edges of what this thing they've done
And he is lying through his teeth, even before Jim looks back at him, tired eyes glinting hard and dark as beer-bottle glass above his lingering half-smile, and the cliché of a chill crawls down John's spine.
John feels his spine draw up straight; doesn't know if Sherlock is testing his patience or just trying to shut him up, but there are too many ways the message could be important so he comes around the counter to dig roughly in Sherlock's pocket. His frustration only increases when he sees not only who has texted but how many times.
The small, sane voice in the back of his mind makes one last-ditch attempt to tell him the very idea should be taken out into an alley and shot.
He drags his nails back against John's cheek, the rim of his ear, into his hair, cups the nape of his neck; the full subtext already there in his mind, in his eyes, but for once no ready words fall to his tongue.
The second time he whips around and startles Karen into a squeak, John realises how much on edge he's been in the two days since Mycroft's visit; starting at shadows and sudden noises and just generally being a jumpy bastard.
Slowly, Sherlock places his cup so that the tangent line of its base aligns precisely with the back edge of the decorative half-blind dovetail joinery on the cabinet. He lifts his chin, swallows three times, trying to force down the tightness threatening to invade his jaw, and still doesn't manage to prevent his (
conceivable physical detail of their encounter at the pool, despite the originals that vanished with Moriarty, or are bagged and tagged in an evidence locker somewhere. Even after four months of watching him work, John still struggles to understand how — in the middle of five minutes of high-tension fencing with a lunatic — Sherlock could have registered enough of the stitching to have tracked down the bloody
John drops his hand from his face with terrible finality, and his eyes are empty of all but the world-weary deadness they'd carried the day their worlds collided at Barts. Icy fear shakes Sherlock to the bone, the same buffeting, bewildering fear that gripped him in front of the fireplace, made him gulp Scotch from trembling crystal in a trembling hand.
"This is ridiculous," Sherlock says, blinking the brief hemeralopia from his night-adapted eyes. "We're both awake."
"Moriarty laid his trap too well. There were bullets trained on you, John. You, and Lestrade, and Mrs Hudson." His voice is smoothing out, not quite as scratchy with disuse, but slow and deep; nothing like his former rapid-fire condescension. "World-class assassins paid obscenely well to murder all of you if I didn't fall to my death. And stay dead. You were closely watched. If you had tried to come to me, or changed your habits in the slightest way because I contacted you, the others would have died."
A giggle escapes from his constricted throat and his hands tangle in the cagoule. He shifts so his forehead is pressed against the sharp edge of Sherlock's collarbone, breathing through his nose, trying to check the laughter.
He's out for a good hour and a half before he returns to the flat, and he ducks through the kitchen to use the downstairs loo, glad to note out of the corner of his eye that Sherlock is up and moving, talking in animated tones to the skull on the mantel.
"I want to tell him...the truth. The basics of my story. My real story," she said, and looked down, away from the betrayal in John's eyes as her confirmation extinguished any doubt. "All the details later, if he wants them. And you can vouch for or contradict everything I say. Please."
." Cutting condescension clips his words, and John bristles. "Why don't you go cry by their bedside and see what good it does them."
John trots down the stairs after him, trying to smother a grin: letting on when he's amused by Sherlock acting the arrogant dick only encourages worse behaviour. But with his blood up and the bastard at his side, there's nowhere on earth he'd rather be.
more like Red Riding Hood — traipsing about in the woods by himself, confident he can overcome any wolf he might encounter.
. Oh, God. No. Her heart clenched, hard, but resumed beating. Reflex kept her surface reaction minimal (a slight flare of her nostrils, a puzzled pinch to her eyebrows) but she sent a desperate wish to the aether she had any chance of fooling Sherlock if he was really
He picks up the cane as if it can help him find his way through the fog of weariness and confusion, but the computer beeps and John pulls to a halt, sole scraping across the floor.
"Don't," she said sharply. "Don't give me any sort of rubbish, supposedly 'rational' reason I'm mistaken. Sentiment isn't your area, Sherlock, and it often isn't John's either. But it is mine. He loves you, and he misses you. You love him, and you miss him. Denial is causing you both to do idiotic things.
. But no, his face didn't reflect the smug glow he got when he knew something I figured he'd deleted if he ever knew. A tense honesty, then; and I could taste pale hazel and lingering blue in the back of my throat.
John sees Entanglements everywhere now. His curse is back in full force, in the short months since he moved in at 221B, and he hasn't been able to shut it down again the way he did after the fiasco with Harry, before Afghanistan; doesn't know how he managed the first time. He's been getting used to it, though, no more headaches, and he's getting better at reading what the subtle details of the Entanglements can tell him.
She looked up again at Sherlock, tried to show him how serious she was, how she wanted and trusted him to call her out if she did lie, or omit something relevant. Because an adult lifetime of keeping secrets made hiding the truth second nature, and only Sherlock could convince John now that her love for him hadn't been another part of the lie; a story, a
"Night before last." John says, mild as he can manage. "Explains the light-headedness. Dinner soon, then."
John's low-spoken "easy" is almost reflexive. He slides his hands to Sherlock's sides; the grip loosens and John steps back, keeping his gaze downcast for a moment because he's still fighting the agitated giggles trying to bubble up from his chest.
With John's motion, the cat gives a piteous miaow; reminding him that amongst the human drama he's forgotten his role as provider. He pulls the bowl from beneath the sink, measures out dry food on auto-pilot and sets the lot on the floor. Straightens up and stares out the kitchen window; catches himself counting stars and wondering what he has that Sherlock will eat.
"Your little lab experiment." I set the mug down. "You tested your hallucinogens theory — but you also tested
Sherlock knows he is (pig-headed, exasperating, unreasonable) an unusual patient, and John's never been one to worry about the outside world's ethics so long as he lives by his own. And he's no stranger to applying a crop to human skin, or safewords, or—
"Slow down a bit, will you? I need to catch up with what you've found." Narrowed eyes flicker coldly toward him, but he doesn't need a nod to read the way Sherlock shifts gears from analysis to distillation, and a knot in his chest he hadn't been aware of loosens: John is part of the hunt again. He tugs the chair close to the bed, pulls the stack of big envelopes onto his lap, points at one pile discrete from the rest. "Is all this related?"
And why? Because John acknowledged Sherlock's human frailty on his blog? Because he has an opinion about Sherlock lying to his brother? Because being amazed by his brilliance doesn't stop John calling Sherlock on his insensitive behaviour?
Pressing his thumb against the knuckles curled tight under his palm, Sherlock stiffly picks his way around the chaos (necktie with subtle death's-head print, black webbing straps, fifteen-inch cable ties) on the floor — thoughts spilling back into familiar channels when bits of paper (handwriting in blue ink, notes on bomb wiring, four different interviews; faintly yellow receipt half-crumpled beneath chartreuse-banded pants) catch at his eye, forcing his gaze to the chest of drawers where he knows he set everything else...
Mary tugged gently at Sherlock's hand. "He needs you, too, Sherlock Holmes. Don't you dare leave him again. That's what got us all in this ruddy mess in the first place."
He pours himself a fresh half-cup of coffee at the break station in preparation for the next hour or so of paperwork and, with a nod to his nurse Karen, pushes open his office door.
John steps back carefully. He rubs at his shoulder, contemplates Sherlock for several minutes, and doesn't try to unravel any of what he's not quite thinking or feeling. Eventually, he toes off his shoes and slips out into the kitchen to grab two bottles of water from the "safe" shelf in the refrigerator. One he drains himself; the other he brings back into Sherlock's room and sets down near the crop as quietly as he can.
, and Sherlock stacks and shifts the piles hastily to the top of his chest of drawers. Behind him, decisive motion sweeps everything else onto the floor, a cacophony of thud (croquet ball) and crunch (jewel cases) and slither (police coat) and then (don't let the receipts slip behind...) — a short, brisk movement and stillness.
"Why am I watching over you? Because roughly three hours ago I thrashed your back and backside." John's brows knit — Sherlock is pale with vasovagal response, standing up too fast on top of extended under-nourishment, but going across or around the bed to steady him risks worsening a paranoia already stoked high by Moriarty and cocaine. "Do you really not remember?"
Sherlock pushed the gun forward half an inch. "There. Where she's sitting. Why is she there? In that position?"
when she moved through her days with only sweet sarcasms and wifely concerns, but she'd been put on notice by a bland wedding telegram: her past was no longer likely to remain in its quiet grave.
He taps his index finger against Sherlock's wrist. "Every life matters. None should be taken lightly. And you have to live with what you've done, live with yourself. But it doesn't make you
His whole body tenses at that particular memory, fingers tightening on Sherlock's wrist, and Sherlock glares at John, that imperious face like gaunt marble — except for the narrow, vulnerable gap between his lips, barely letting his ragged breath escape. The all-too-familiar defensive anger of the addict right there, on the tip of his tongue, and yet he says...nothing. Is held in check somehow by the flat voice of the desert, the grip compressing his radius and ulna.
"That — it's never been about not trusting you, John. I thought it was about you trusting me. Except..." Sherlock shakes his head, lips parting, heart pounding; his nested array of memories (thousands of moments, their last fifteen months) perturbs wildly and then simplifies again — John's multifarious mysterious behaviours unfolding like fractal origami. "Except...you don't anymore."
." He reached into his coat, pulled out his phone, and Mary exhaled a silent sigh of relief. Sherlock hadn't twitched the gun toward John, toward the threat of hand in pocket. He wasn't protecting himself, he was protecting John. From her.
John turns around; spots the cane atop some of Sherlock's boxes behind the laptop, and steps over. Still not ready to think about that disconcerting feeling somewhere around his sternum  —
The muscles along his spine pull tight (God no, too much to do, why is he resting?) and he barely registers the pain that shimmers across his skin before the whisper of moving paper becomes a closing book and
Every piece is important, it's too much, he doesn't know where to start. John is sharp, impatient, wholly present: blessedly himself again.
John pauses at the door to the kitchen, where most of the activity had taken place, staring at beakers and test tubes gone foreign in the absence of stretching red lines.
John knows when the cat finally picks a lap because Sherlock starts and looks down, fork halfway to his mouth.
and, even before he picks up the laptop, John is keenly aware of the heavy weight of his gun at the small of his back.
"Fresh air, just popping outside for a moment, won't be long," his voice floats back from the doorway.
," Sherlock lashes back, fighting to keep his voice from rising. "If I did, I would never have risked the experiment with the sugar."
John swallows, glances up, and then looks down again quickly, catching the question back. Sherlock's eyelids are drooping; he's right on the edge of sleep, hand tucked under the pillow beneath his cheek, undoubtedly atop the weapon he'd reached for on waking. John takes his time labelling the last couple of bags while Sherlock's breathing deepens. When John's sure Sherlock is out, he quietly carries everything back to the box on the other side of the bed, leaving nothing but clean floor for Sherlock to see when he wakes. There are a few more bits and bobs to sort near the wardrobe and under the bed, but they can wait.
John turns his face aside, blinking at the sudden change in perspective. This isn't indifference, it's...triage. Sherlock focusing his energies to best allow him to stop disaster before it can happen.
Might have need of the basin himself, John realises, lifting a hand to the bridge of his nose. The nauseous ache he used to get from using his curse has returned, beating in time with his pulse in the back of his head and his stomach. By the time John looks back, Sherlock has shut Jim out with stony determination, ignoring the sickly-sweet tone aimed at Molly, but John can't do the same, not with Jim's left hand stroking possessively up her spine, his sharp-edged Entanglement pushing through the center of her chest, stretching towards Sherlock before bending into a serpentine roil of red twisted around the three of them.
I reached up, touched his cheek, watched his eyes glimmer with calibrated calculations. Mind flickering over a thousand details, from the calluses on my fingers to whatever scents I might be carrying on my hands; weighing our entire history, from the unyielding argument we'd just had to whatever painful reasons drove him to embody the coolly logical superego.
The brightness falls from the air; John raises up on his elbow and tugs gently. Sherlock follows him down, kisses him softly. Allows John to tuck himself against Sherlock's side, shoulder as pillow, places his wrist so John can examine the new mark, fingertips examining the crimson print of his palm on Sherlock's pale skin. When John is satisfied, Sherlock draws John's wrist up, explores the matching imprint of his long fingers with touch and a kiss.
. Not exactly self-defence, Sherlock, but miles and away from poisoning children with mercury-tainted chocolates. Which, by the way, I do not and have never for a moment considered you capable of."
She didn't want to be that person anymore at all, she didn't want to be that person in front of John. Even if she did let
Sherlock, clearly focused on remaining upright, grimaces at the floor. In the darkened room his white torso pulls the eye like a sculpture on display at the centre of a museum gallery.
Mary Watson felt her husband John jerk awake, the motion hard enough to shake their shared bed and draw his hand from beneath hers. Nightmare, again; she rolled over and gripped his thigh just above his knee. Waited for him to speak so she was sure he had woken. They didn't talk about the dreams much — his or hers — but he'd told her once that a solid grip, a grounding contact, helped him re-orient. One simple thing she could do to ease their very complicated lives.
Checking pupillary response, she knew he'd say. But his thumb wasn't drawing Sherlock's lower lid down and there was no pressure at his pinkie touching Sherlock's neck above his artery. She knew that touch, could feel the memory on her own face. Sherlock pulled his face aside and down, leaving John's fingers hovering in midair.
. Leaving John to make his slow way out of the building, trying to stay out of the way of the police.
She'd spent the agitated weeks since their return from honeymoon alternately hunting for an avenue to make peace between John and Sherlock — in case her worst fears about Magnussen came to pass — at the same time she'd been relieved the great detective was too far away to put her under his microscope.
An unwelcome man — familiar, if somewhat heavier and somewhat more bald — sits in the patient's chair in front of his desk. John is gratified that after all this time his reaction is so restrained: an ordinary blink, a slightly tighter grip on his cup with a hand gone perfectly steady, though he's sure if he were to take his own pulse the rate would be pushing a hundred. He supposes he should be grateful Mycroft waited until the end of his day, when there are no more patients on the books, to show himself.
" John asks, giving Mycroft a crooked, thin-lipped smile. He takes another sip of his coffee. "Was I supposed to learn from the stellar example set by you and your brother? Or am I meant to be surprised by the revelation he survived the fall?"
Sherlock says with his eyebrow. Aloud, he agrees. "No. But we might as well be unable to sleep together, yes?"
I'd argued the limit between "Not Good" and "Not Evil" fiercely with him today — and was prepared to until the end of time, if need be — because I'd already decided  he was worth every miserable moment.
Sherlock's lips pinch together in a tight grimace; a sure sign he disagrees, but he doesn't interject, and his reticence raises the hair on the back of John's neck. Sherlock rarely gives a damn about rules, even his own, and he's never hesitated to share what he's thinking.
After a quick sniff to make sure it hasn't gone off, he pours the sauce into a pan and sets the ring beneath to its lowest possible setting. The kitchen is quiet except for the hiss of the flame and the sound of the cat crunching the dry food, until Sherlock scrapes his chair back from the edge of the table, presumably so he can better watch John.
Sherlock watches John's face — stoic, stony, as it always is when he means to hide his feelings, though confusion and worry and a jumble of less definable things escape into the mobile skin around his eyes. Aware of how far they've shifted, but trying to step back to neutral territory, keeping it formal, medical: that firm, practical line to his mouth. And yes, the request is only sensible.
She'd left AGRA behind. Buried the past. Re-invented herself, looked for a simpler life, a quieter, kinder life. Become a nurse. Met John Watson, doctor, and discovered she did still have it in her to love. Thought she could build a future unstained. But here she was, as tangled in strings, seen and unseen, as any of Sherlock's photographs.
Doctor Hamish Watson of Five Ashes, Sussex, who still thinks of himself as John, washes his hands in the consulting room. It's been a quiet spring; Mrs Langdon's second trimester is going well, and he needs to call the Malmsleys — he'll bet their daughter Elizabeth has already picked out half her stitches just to see what will happen. Five, and precocious, and another half-formed thought gets added to the buried list in his subconscious.
Dusk blended a slate wash across the room, he and I and 221B cast in the same light, boundaries blurred by the approaching darkness.
"You thought John needed you, or you needed John?" Mary asked, keeping her voice soft. She stroked her thumb over Sherlock's.
when John smoothed the buckle flat, searing the reminder into their skin. A black shadow of the collar all the way around Sherlock's neck, a black spot on John's left thumb.
Like a man waking from a nightmare, Sherlock reached out to take John's hand, completing their circle.
"She…" Sherlock licked his lips, blinked several times. Light-headed. Stressed. But decisive. "John —
Her gut told her to push the door silently open, to get the lay of the land, but she wasn't that person anymore. Instead, she listened to the half-sick feeling beneath her diaphragm, the one she'd had since John jolted awake before dawn, and reached out to rap solidly on the door.
He sets the tray down on the table, draws the second chair around and sets a mug in front of each of them.
When the owner himself returns with the slip to sign, Sherlock curls his fingers against the tablecloth in a peculiar gesture of thanks, and accepts a folded-paper box full of fresh-baked almond biscuits in return. The man's earned such unusual bits of loyalty, from so many unusual places, John thinks, barely realizing that Sherlock is helping him into his jacket. He doesn't really remember the walk to his new home, later, just the unaccustomed taste of almonds and friendship.
require the guided tour from Here to There, the way the rest of his familiar faces seemed to. Sometimes I caught up with him easily, once I saw the destination; other times it didn't matter — I trusted him to know what he was about.
John slid back down in the bed next to her. His needs pushed aside her fears and she curled closer, wrapped arms around him. She could see the faintest bluish light coming in around the edges of their curtains; not yet dawn, then. Probably around four? John's breathing was ragged but slowing, his muscles starting to relax. He had buried his face in her shoulder; she stroked the hair behind his ear with her fingertips.
so long if you were alive — that was hard. Worse than the lies, almost. Understanding the bind you were in...helps."
"I — waiting for you to wake up." John's posture is stiff, the words clipped, as though his presence in Sherlock's private space ought to be considered the most natural thing in the world.
"I believe you," he says. The sauce has heated enough to sweeten the kitchen and attract the cat away from less appetizing fare; he stretches hesitant, imploring paws halfway up John's leg to ask him to share.
Dozens of good reasons to wait until morning (most of all the damnable mind-twisting drug they'd inhaled again in that damnable hollow), all of which had seemed logical four hours ago and none of which are able to stop him reaching for the doorknob.
He's been slack too long, yielding too easily to nightmares and nightmarish lethargy in the weeks since Moriarty's crazed "game." Lying about in a sleep-deprived haze, or following Sherlock blindly just for the sake of feeling he's doing
His arms close around Sherlock's waist in a return embrace that should be tentative and is anything but. Sherlock doesn't
Mary considered him, then the phone. "Didn't you tell me once he'd ordered egg drop soup at the end of your first case together, even though you were at that dim sum place?"
— I thought you'd be with me! I thought I could spare you witnessing the suicide, thought I'd be back in touch with you before you even learned of it, thought we could bring him down together. I walked his tightrope but I didn't know about the assassins until the very end, there on the roof. He defeated me, he cut me off from every—"
John shuts his eyes, forces his fingers to ease on the doorjamb, considers what else needs taking care of. He slips downstairs to have a quick conversation with Mrs Hudson, asks her help in arranging a "post-thinking-binge" meal, but there's nothing else he can think of that requires his attention more than keeping an eye on Sherlock; keeping things as quiet as possible in the hope he can rest a little longer.
A rangy figure on the bench at the Butcher's Cross bus stop catches his eye. His mind swiftly assesses the stranger: close-cropped ginger hair, a garish cagoule, a hiker's knapsack at his feet. Hunched forward with elbows on knees. Exhausted. Out-of-place. Not a threat, John thinks initially, but the closer he gets the more his metaphorical hackles rise; he can't identify why, but his fingers itch to reach for the gun he wishes he still carried.
John believes in him, but why. But his own words echo with an additional meaning: this is all real. Sherlock is here, home. John is learning what happened and at least some of the reasons. He hadn't wanted to punch Sherlock in the face at first sight after all. And he's finally in a position to
He wakes too easily in the small hours of the morning. Doesn't take much: the cat taps on the window to be let in or out, the house settles, a leaf falls in the garden. Once disturbed, restless tension keeps him from falling back to sleep.
I put together the tea carefully; even if Sherlock wouldn't drink any, I needed the ritual. Taking the time, allowing the interruption, enjoying the aroma in the air: white space for our figures, the necessary rests between chords. I breathed in the fragrant steam on my way back to the front room, clear topaz for the palate, and set both mugs as well as my arse on the coffee table in front of him.
Fidgeting, Jim moves around Sherlock, passing between them as though John wasn't there. The small hairs on the back of his neck, already half-raised, prickle as if tugged and twisted by an unseen hand.
Sherlock's attention was divided, part of him unhappily giving John a minuscule shake of the head, insisting on upending John's reality once again. But his gaze remained on her, observing her unfolding reactions.
"No, don't," John says, hand tightening again and his own pulse racing along with Sherlock's under his fingertips. "
, he writes on the outside of an envelope. "No, I want you to explain it to me. I missed all the deductions you made along the way."
There's a tight ache in his throat; he swallows it back. He's never seen a knot forming, either, wasn't there when his nudges finally got Mike and Lauren in the same room, or the first time Harry met Clara. He's never thought to be curious what the meeting of bondmates might look like. Never was curious about any of it before Sherlock, damn him, but over the last several weeks he's found himself looking at the strands more closely — cataloguing differences, analysing commonalities.
Sherlock's restless eyes scan every nuance of John's expression, weigh everything he sees. But he's not opaque today either; John can see him resonating with the words, the idea that these are shared experiences. He's resonating himself, feels more alive than he has in ages.
Sherlock staggers to his feet, and John checks the urge to reach for him. Suppresses the chill slicing through his insides: mortification that he may have crossed a half-dozen lines with one giant misstep, apprehension that he might have cocked up everything that makes this discordant harmony of theirs work.
Of course Sherlock was right about her and Anderson; John has known him less than twenty-four hours and he's already sure that even if there is "always something" Sherlock gets wrong, it isn't usually as large as mistaking a sister for a brother.
John folded his arms and then unfolded them. His upper lip sucked in, slightly, and he pursed his lips again, watching them both. Finally, with both Mary and Sherlock looking up at him, he reached up and scratched his temple, clearing his throat.
I didn't need more than what we'd had coming up the stairs. Wanted, god yes, a deep solar flare of yellow that had been lurking unacknowledged up to now, down in the marrow of my bones, but I didn't
"Don't. If you'd thought about it at all while you were charging off to raid Henry's sugar jar, you could have found a way to let me know without compromising your
In the deep green woods of human emotion, I'd learned how to keep my bearings. I got it wrong more than I'd like, and god knows I suffered as much as any other lonely male, lonely human. But I didn't get lost; not the way Sherlock was lost, a gleam of silver panic in his eyes when I wilfully crossed the boundary, pressed Sherlock's fingertips against my carotid.
