“Baby, that’s not true. You still go to high school and you’ll go to college as well, just not in the conventional sense. You’ll be able to work with me any time you want, big or little.” Tony blew out a breath when peter began to calm down.
He still had so many questions, like, what school was he in? How did it work? Was he little in school as well? They could all wait though because he had a more pressing issue. With one last sniffled he took his head out of his Mama’s neck and looked at his Daddy.
“I’m sure they will. Let’s go show them how amazing we all are.”
Tony shot Harley a dirty look before answering Peter, Harley just shrugged and grinned back.
“Okay. You can have twitter.” He said, putting a hand up when Peter jumped up and let out a whoop. “Under a few conditions though.” Peter promptly sat down, eager to listen to what the conditions might be, hoping for the best but expecting the worst. This was his Dad tough, who was way too overprotective.
“I think it’s time to go home sweetheart. Your bucket is about to overflow. Let Mama take it for you. He can carry it.” Before Peter could protest Tony took the bucket off of him.
“I’m sure you can ask him, baby. He might not want you to though.” Personally, Steve thought it was extremely cute that Peter wanted his own nickname for Bucky.
“Eh Cap, there’s a bit of a heat situation with Tony starting in there.” Steve's eyebrow rose at that.
Tony Stank
“S’okay Fri! Wasn’t that scary.” Well, that was a big fat lie. Tony wasn’t going to call him out on it though. That was the great thing about little kids, they tended to get over their upset fairly quick.
Bucky snorted, “You told us that you were sick that week Steve! Not that you weren’t allowed to leave.”
“And your age?”
Just him and his boys.
“You’ll get to your meetings and your lab. First I’m going to fuck you into this mattress and then we’ll go over your training. You’ll be happy to know that the first week it all based around fucking.” Steve’s knot had gone down enough that he could fuck into Tony properly. He still had a hand around Tony’s cock, stroking up with every time he fucked into him.
“Yep, and Petey.” Tony agreed, Bucky nodded his head and looked back at Cho.
Peter really, really didn’t want to go into the car seat. It was only his first day in this weird world but he could have sworn that if you were in what they called ‘big headspace’ then you didn’t have to use contraptions like this. He eyed it up as his Daddy fought with Bucky over getting into the second one he could see on the far side of the car where they argued. He thought it would have been bigger, to be honest. Don’t get him wrong it was bigger than a normal baby car seat, but it was a lot smaller than what he envisioned when he thought about all the baby things that went along with being a little. It was like a normal car seat in the sense that it had a five-point harness and was padded the whole way around, the main difference was that it had this base on it that was anchored to the car with more than just a single bar or the seatbelt.
Steve sighed again, pulling Harley into a hug. “Harls, Peter loves you. He just thinks that you and Tony don’t like him back. He likes you being here and loves to spend time with you. He just doesn’t see why you ignore him all the time,” Steve held up a hand when Harley went to open his mouth to protest, “I know what you did wasn’t intentional but to Peter it was devastating. Let Tony talk to him and after we know Peter knows that both of you love spending time with him then talk to him.”
“Good boy, keeping yourself hard for me. Are you wet for me?” He asked, letting go of his cock to focus on the plug he had put there before Peter came home, teasing him by tapping it hard enough to vibrate against Tony’s prostate. Tony whined high in his throat, “Alpha..” His words trailed off when Steve removed his plug full and took hold of his hips and picked him up. He put Tony sitting on his lap, making quick work of his zip and button, pulling his own cock out. He wasted no time in sheathing himself inside Tony.
Steve rolled his eyes. “All I was trying to do was give him a bit of applesauce before dinner because he said he was hungry. I didn’t know he had such an issue with it. He loved it yesterday.”
“Did he wake up early from his nap?” Peter wasn’t sure who said that but it sounded like Captain America maybe?
@hetherolexual
Peter pulled away from his Papa and ran back over to Tony, nearly jumping on top of him in his eagerness to set up his account. He fished his phone out of his pocket and handed it to his Dad.
Tony brushed his lips over Peter’s forehead. “You sure do buddy. You’re going to be the best big brother there is. I’m sure of it. Right now though we have to be very careful with him because he’s pretty upset. Do you think you can help us make him comfortable enough to go to a test centre?”
Peter moved on to Bruce who gave him chocolate covered raisins. Not too bad, at least there was a bit of health in them even though raisins weren’t the healthiest of foods that they liked to give Peter. Peter seemed to realise what Bruce did though.
“What about your friends?” Peter asked quietly.
“Peter, think you could look at me?”  His Dad asked, putting a finger under his chin so that he could see Peter’s eyes.
Bucky began his little whine-cry again, upset that he had to be stripped, wiggling and trying to get away. Tony was adept at wiggly littles though and got his clothes off him in record time. The room was warm but Bucky was still shivering once he was down to his diaper. Tony made use of his blanket to wrap it around him for some heat.
Bucky looked at his Mama for help with this. Why’d she want that?”
Tony snorted, Lucky you, I had to shower with Peter attached to my chest. He just stuck there and wouldn’t let go until I promised that I wouldn’t put him down. My arms have never felt a workout like it.”
“C’mon kid. If you don’t get up all the good stuff will be gone.” Peter shot up, quickly realising that he still had trick or treating to do.
“Did Clint consent to that?” He clutched onto one of Steve’s arms while he asked, afraid that the answer would be no. He didn’t want to hurt Steve by asking but he had to. There were way too many stories out there of omega’s taken against their will and Tony just couldn’t ignore this. He must have made some sort of noise because all of a sudden Steve’s knot popped free and he was turning Tony around into his chest, comforting him.
“Oh my god. Clint! Clint is an omega!” Tony could vaguely remember the test in the kitchen with Bruce and Bucky but was too far gone into his heat to remember much of it. He really wished he could see Steve’s face right now but the angle was too awkward for him.
Peter turned it on and opened the camera on it, turning it to selfie mode. Both of the stopped just outside the front doors of the school, Peter held the camera up, giving a huge smile to it while Tony was kissing his curls. The caption read ‘Collected early from school, thanks, Dad!’
They began to stroll slowly towards the private testing centre, it usually catered to celebrities and other people that didn’t want the whole world to know that they were getting tested. If Steve were to go by himself with Bucky he’d probably have gotten away with going to a public one but Tony’s face was just too recognisable, especially after he made all of the little range a lot more affordable than his competitors.
“Thanks, Mama.” He grinned, walking over to Natasha and holding his bucket out shyly.
Well, no rest for the wicked; Tony and Steve stood up together and linked hands while they went to get their youngest. Peter would be asleep a while yet. No matter how tired they were, they wouldn’t trade this life for anything.
Bucky was still pouting as he was moved from his Daddy to his Mama. It was cute watching his face transform from pout to smiling when he was moved. He then spoke his first words since he crashed.
“Right, let’s get you a bit relaxed. Look over at Tony and how good he’s being.” Bucky murmured and Clint couldn’t help that his gaze went over to Tony who was laying placidly against Steve, milking his knot as Steve was stroking his cock. Clint kind of felt bad the other Omega. He knew how many times he came in the last hour. It had to be bordering on painful for him but Tony looked completely relaxed and blissed out, only squirming slightly every so often and settling down once Steve spoke quietly in his ear. Steve for his part didn’t take his eyes off Clint, still looking like he was pissed at Clint for lying. Clint looked away from his penetrating gaze and focused back into Tony’s softer, more understanding gaze. One look from Tony conveyed sympathy to what he was going through and why wouldn’t it? Tony had to live with being an Omega as well. He knew what it was like, and he’d just mated with a traditionalist which was something Clint didn’t think he’d ever be brave enough to do.
“He looks amazing doesn’t he?” He asked conversationally to Clint who just gulped and nodded.
His response every time was to move them all out to New York.
Peter was glued to Tony and Steve for the rest of the day. Usually, Steve would be getting impatient to have the other person gone but with Peter, he couldn’t bring himself to be annoyed. So far, Peter had asked for very little. All he wanted was cuddles and someones lap to sit in. Tony, Steve figured out, was an indulgent father. He doted on Peter and Peter soaked up the love. Sure he was babied a bit for a 14-year-old but Steve looked up Omega biology in Pups and knew that it was common. They were much more innocent than their Beta and Alpha counterparts.
Peter always begged him to move in with them but he always said he couldn’t leave Tennessee.
“Mama!” He sobbed trying his best to get away from the mean doctor.
Peter nodded, trying not to worry about everyone seeing him out and about. He knew that he posted a photo of himself and his Dad right before they left for the airport, he was just hoping that people would be more distracted by that rather than seeing them in person.
Steve raised a brow. “I think I’m being very lenient. I could take it back and have you go naked the all the time. I could also lock your cock and keep your hole full all the time as punishment for arguing with your Alpha?” He asked conversationally.
Peter could feel eyes on him and looked over to see Bucky staring at him with near worship in his eyes. Huh. That was a nice feeling. He looked tired though.
“I need you to know Pete that you are the most important person in my life. More than anyone else. I’m sorry. No matter if I didn’t realise I was doing it, I’m still sorry I made you feel that way. You have to know that I love spending time with you. Being with you and Papa and Harley is the best part of my days. I’m sorry if we ignored you today in the car and any other time we did it. I promise that I’ll try my best to never do it again and if I slip up I want you to call me out for it straight away.”
“Your calendar is cleared for the next week, Tony. I’ve told Pepper that your training has started. When we mated, I contacted Pepper to put the papers through so you’ve been authorised for the next week off along with however many more that I need in your training. All I have to do is submit a form explaining the reasons for the leave. Pepper is the only one that reads it though so it’s okay.” He rushed out when he saw Tony’s look of outrage.
Bucky finally lifted his head from where he was hiding and took the blanket that was offered to him, not protesting when he felt the pacifier against his lips. His two comfort items served to do what Tony couldn’t, and calm him down. Tony breathed a sigh of relief. He was afraid that Bucky was going to make himself sick.
Peter shrugged. “I know he loves me but does he like me? I think he likes Harley better. They’re going to go down to Mama’s lab and leave me up here like they always do.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Peter! What are you doing?!” His Dada’s loud voice demanded. Peter jumped, not liking the stern, loud voice directed at him. He looked down to the floor, looking at his feet.
He sat back and watched as his Dad put his arms through the straps and connected it to the lock, tightening the straps when he was done.
“Want to tell me why you threw your Ironman teddy bud?”
DooDooDooDooDooDoo @BabyStark
“Papa!” He groaned and flopped down onto the bed so he could put his Ugg boots on. Now all he needed was the ears and a black nose and he’d be done!
Steve and Tony weren’t sure what to say to that. Natasha, no matter the world, wasn’t one to lay her emotions out there. He said this showed how passionate she really was about this world. They both knew she cared deeply for Bucky in the other world, so it stood to reason she would be happy to see him getting the care he needed.
Tony got a cup and started pouring water over Peters's hair, getting it wet. May as well wash his hair since he was here.
“Thank you.” Bruce took the papers back and took out a new sheet of blank paper and readied his pen. “Now why don’t you start from the beginning and tell us everything that lead to this point?”
Tony rolled his eyes, willing his cheeks to stop burning, it wasn’t even that embarrassing. It was cuter than anything.
Peter was beyond excited. Like beyond, beyond excited! He was so excited that he couldn’t stop his frantically shaking legs or his tapping hands. He’d been told off twice already for disturbing the class but he didn’t care because today was
Clint gave a single sharp nod, not looking at any of them. He heard the collective intake of breath and bit his lip. This wasn’t going to fair too well for him.
“Oh my, that’s some mess you made there Petey. Let’s get you changed into your sleepsuit and see why Dada disappeared for so long?”
Peter saw his Dad shrug, “Yeah that’s fine with me. Who do you even know in New York?”
“You okay there baby?” He asked rubbing a hand up his back.
He could finally get back to his lab and pick up where he left off. He made a move to go but quickly noticed the second thing, he was still tied to Steve. Steve who was now his Alpha. Steve who was now his Traditional Alpha. Damn. He just knew there was no chance that Steve was going to let him go down to the lab so newly mated. He couldn’t even try to sneak off either since Steve’s knot was keeping them firmly connected. He huffed a breath out. How was he going to get out of this one? He glanced behind him. Steve was dead to the world, arms wrapped around Tony, one hand firmly on his cock, which of course was hard. The traitor. Tony sighed again, this time louder, and nudged Steve hard so he would wake up. When that didn’t work he began to poke at his head and calling his name again and again.
“Please do not touch the harness Peter.” Peter jumped in fright, tears pooling in his eyes. He just wanted to
Tony sipped on his coffee, needing it more now than ever.
Steve smiled over Tony’s head, not stopping in his stroking, unperturbed over Tony’s squirming. “You’re timing is great as usual Buck, only you’d make it in for the grand finale. Just leave that on the dresser, I’ll get Tony fed in a while seeing as my Knot is finally coming down.”
“He still in the baby seat?” He asked as he rifled through his backpack.
“Looks like you’ve finally gotten your memories back then.” He looked over at Mr Winter Solider, “You too?” At his nod, his new Mama sighed and looked at his new Daddy.
Steve watched Tony as he tried not to move too much and control his pleasure for the next five minutes. He could barely see the tip of his cock touching the shirt and slightly tenting it. Peter wouldn’t notice a thing. It was one of the upsides of Omega’s. Their cocks were small enough that being hard with just a shirt on was passable.
“Yes. You are Mama’s big boy. You’re way bigger than Jamie!” Well, that sounded like a cop-out to Peter but after his meltdown, he’d take what he could get.
“You going to be my shadow baby.” Peter just nodded, watching as Mama washed the bottle and put it on the rack. While he waited he felt a weird sensation. He wasn’t sure what it was but it felt warm. Looking around he tried to see what it was, finally looking down with a growing sense of horror. He was peeing, and he didn’t even realise. Mama could see it all while his grey sweatpants turned dark as he watched. Peter’s cheeks went bright red and his lower lip wobbled, letting out a sob again.
Other than the jealousy when it came to Tony, Peter loved Harley.
“Sir, may I suggest you move to your room before the symptoms get any worse?” Jarvis’s voice made him jump. He always was less aware at this time.
(See the end of the chapter for
Harley laughed, “Obviously, who do you think I’d ring? Steve? He’d murder me.”
Peter’s eyes widened and he nodded eagerly. He loved secrets. “I think Bucky might be younger than you. We couldn’t approach him about his classification until his other memories came in case he brought the winter soldier with him. It was too risky. It doesn’t look like he did though which is a huge relief. Now we can get him tested and he can finally be himself without trying to hide. The only time I’ve seen him going little is when he’s with you and you coax him into napping with you or playing a game.”
Tony chuckled at how excited Peter was over a small blue tick. He couldn’t keep up with the trends kids were into.
Steve refused to help them. They made their beds.
“Perfect. I’m going to step out and just get the shortened test while you get Bucky sorted. I need him stripped down to his diaper.”
He may just stick it out and hope the rest of the day was more interesting than history.
“No pubic hair, common for submissive Omegas” He commented, grasping his cock and pulling his foreskin forward and back a few times. “Penis is healthy, no issues with the foreskin.” He took Clint’s balls in his hand and rolled them, pinching slightly as he examined them.  “Testicles are healthy if a little blue.” The comment got a snort from Steve and Bucky. He moved on from there, going down each leg to his feet, “Both legs and feet are fine. A few scars from past missions but nothing to worry about. Bucky can you put him over your lap? Clint, I need to check your prostate to see if everything is okay. It will probably be enjoyable for you with the state you’re in at the moment but I’ll try be as quick as possible.”
Steve had to bite back a smile when Ton made a show of looking himself up and down as if trying to figure out what wasn’t looking right on him before snapping his fingering in realisation.
“Thanks, Tony! See you later! uh, enjoy?” And with that Bruce rushed back out while Tony continued to bounce on Steve’s cock.
“And Petey.” He parroted.
“I know you did bud but you know you’re not allowed to go near the bubbles because look what happens. This is going to take a long time to clean up.” Dada’s voice hadn’t lost its stern tone which caused Peter to cry louder, setting Jamie off.
“Uh, it’s just this engineering algorithm.” Bruce proceeded to prattle on about something Bucky, Clint and Steve had no clue about but Tony seemed to get and answered him fairly quick.
“No way is that your cock.” He couldn’t help himself. Looking at something like that would give a guy a complex.
“Yeah, you can do that for me.” Peter had to stifle a giggle as he followed all of his aunts and uncles, trying to decide what his first tweet would be. He sat there for ages, trying to think of what a good one would be as his Dad and Papa talked about the rules and regulations around his account and it came to him. A photo of his parents would be the perfect first tweet. He jumped up and made his way to the kitchen, mumbling about a snack so his parents wouldn't get suspicious. When he got to the door he turned and looked to them, waiting until they looked up to snap the picture.
He handed Peter a towel while he set the shower to the temperature Peter liked it, putting his favourite shampoo and body wash close.
Peter nodded into his neck before gathering a shaky breath and pulling back to look at his Mama. “Sorry for throwing Ironman.”
Steve could see the war on Peter’s face. Eventually, he sighed and nodded, agreeing to go into it. He pouted when the straps clicked into place but Steve just ignored him. Bucky went placidly into his, still cuddling his blankey against his face. His eyes were drooping in a sign that told Steve he probably wasn’t going to last through the lunch. Thank god they had the buggy with them.
Steve and Tony were setting up to watch Star wars with Peter in the living room. Before they sat down to enjoy it Steve knew he’d have to scent mark Peter so that everyone would know he was under Alpha protection from now on.
Well if he didn’t have a bad dream what was it? A quick check of his diaper didn’t help much as it was still dry.
Bucky sniffled loudly, nodding his head. Anything would be better than the car seat.
Steve thought the best course of action would be to change the subject. “You eat all of that sweetheart and then we’ll go get ready for trick or treating, okay?”
“It’s okay Mama.” He knew his Dad was just looking out for his safety.
Steve lifted Tony’s face up so that he could give him a proper claiming kiss, their tongues warring for dominance before Tony relented and allowed Steve to take control. Most Alpha’s would be enraged that their omega would do something like that but Steve liked the little bit of defiance in Tony. His whole life revolved around him being in control, Steve understood it, without being in control he would have lost Stark Industries years ago to the board. Now that they were mated though, Steve would have fun watching Tony realise that he didn’t need to have control all the time. Going to visit Clint and Bucky would be the first test he’d have, somehow Steve didn’t think Tony would enjoy being fucked in front of anyone at any time but that’s what this week was all about; getting Tony over his initial embarrassment. During his heat was one thing but Steve was sure Tony wouldn’t be too happy for Clint and Bucky to see him fucked during the visit. Steve smiled and bent down to give Tony another kiss, he couldn’t wait to see Tony’s blush.
“No.” Time to let his parents know that he wasn’t going to be little like they thought. He was big enough to sit by himself. Unfortunately for him, in this world, he was way weaker than his Mama and he didn’t even bother to argue with him. Before Peter could protest any further he was strapped in and his pacifier was placed in his mouth, along with Ironman in his lap.
He could also hear the sound of gravel crunching under far closer under him than he would have in a car.
Tony and Steve got to the centre in relatively good time.
“It’s okay sweetheart. He’s only here to play maid for us.”
This question was a tough one to answer. Usually, he slept alone but today Mama and Dada said he wasn’t going to be any more so he’d sleep somewhere else? He looked back at Mama to help again.
“Nooo.” He moaned, turning his head so that he was cuddled further into his Papa.
“That’s a question for me. Bucky has been hiding his classification and we weren’t able to approach him about it until today for reasons I am not able to disclose. He’ll have a nursery but he’ll be sleeping in the room with us for a bit while he adjusts, most likely in a bassinet we have for Peter for when he’s sick.”
Tony felt sick. His own baby thought he didn’t want him around. Thought he preferred Harley over him. Thought he ignored him because he wasn’t as big as Harley. Tony sat at the kitchen table with Harley silently. Both of them had listened to Peter quietly telling Steve that he was okay with Harley and Tony ignoring him. Heard him not wanting to eat because he might have to see them. That tore Tony apart more than anything else. His own child, not wanting to see him. They also heard Peter’s muffled crying. How could this go so wrong? Tony always thought it was cute how clingy Peter would get. Never saw it as something to be worried about something to look deeper into. Apparently he was wrong though because Peter’s clinginess was him thinking Tony didn’t want him around and wanted to assure himself he hadn’t lost one of his parents.
Steve took a firm hold of Tony’s hips and sat the both of them up so that Tony was on his back and Steve was over him. The new position allowed Steve to press even closer than he was before. He stayed still long enough to get Tony squirming before he began to move and then all Tony could do was hold on as Steve pounded into him.
Steve took hold of Tony’s sensitive member, running his hand slowly up and down making Tony cry out and Clint’s jaw to clench. “He’s really sensitive after coming. I love playing with his Omega cock right after he does because it means he squirms more and milks my knot even harder. You know what that’s like right? Playing with an Omega right after they’ve come right? Nothing better?”
“Why aren’t you happy with me?” He questioned, unsure of what he did to have Tony’s ire directed at him.
“Mama.” He said quietly, the sound slightly muffled from behind his pacifier. Neither of them looked at him. “Mama.” He said slightly louder, hoping to get their attention. Still nothing. He scowled, maybe they were ignoring him? Well, he’d show them. He lifted his Ironman plushie and threw it at his Mama’s head. It hit him square in the face Peter had to bite back a giggle. Uh oh. His parents didn’t seem to find that as funny as he did. Well, they should have listened to him!
Steve was in his and Tony’s room, sitting on the rocking chair they had in there, with Peter on his lap. Peter loved the comfort of rocking on it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s okay. I like it, you can call me whatever you feel comfortable with baby.” Tony grinned as the boy blushed harder at his own nickname but made note that he didn’t make any protests about it.
“This room is warm enough, I know you’re just doing it to be dramatic.” Bucky pouted at him but stopped his theatrics, still cuddling around the blankey.
The elevator door opened and Peter gasped. He could hear his Dad’s voice! That meant he was already here! He let go of his Papa’s hand and took off into the living room where he could hear his Dad. He could hear his Papa telling him not to run but
Steve rolled his eyes, “You love it when he clings to you. There’s a reason he calls you Mama.”
Peter blinked at him. Huh. That was a lot easier than he thought it would be. “Yeah, Mama. Let’s do that!”
“Harley, remember?”
Comments and kudos are much appreciated. I don't have time to respond to all of them but I still enjoy reading each and every one of the comments and try my best to respond to the ones that have questions!
Bruce went into one of the cabinets and withdrew an exam box. Tony had put them in each room because they also doubled as first aid boxes for all classifications, which worked out perfectly for them. He took out a pair of gloves and put them on, before clearing his throat.
Peter woke up with a start. The last thing he remembered was telling Mr Stark that he didn’t feel good and then nothing. They must have defeated Thanos if he was back though. He sat up rubbing his eyes and looking around, still expecting to be on Titan, confused when the first thing he noticed was the bars around him. Did someone kidnap him? Oh god, they did. That would just be his luck, come back to life just to be kidnapped. He looked up expecting them to reach up to the top and was surprised to find that they didn’t. They were quite tall but something he could easily jump out if he wanted. It was strange, he thought, as he looked around the thing he was in. He had a blanket with Ironman on It covering his legs along with a soft mattress underneath him. The Ironman blanket made him blush even though there was no one around to see him. If he didn’t know any better he would have said that he was in a crib. He was always small for his age so it wasn’t like he wouldn’t fit into one but why would he be in one now? There was a little light in the room coming from an arc reactor night light beside him. He grabbed the side of the railing, hoisting himself up, it was time to blow this popcorn stand.
He woke up with a start. Someone was trying to move him from his cosy spot on his Mama. He opened his eyes to glare at whoever it was. His Daddy just made a silly face back at him when he noticed Peter was awake.
“When did our son get so bossy Mama?” Steve teased, taking the face paint off of him.
“Don’t have to be in car seat when your big Mama right?”
Harley squeezed him tighter. “Don’t be silly Peter. I’m sorry for ignoring you, even if I didn’t know I should have been aware of how sad you were. How about this? Tomorrow we can go to that ice cream place you like and get some? I’m sure your Mama and Papa won’t mind coming as well.” Harley knew full well they wouldn’t let Harley take him all the way to Queens himself. Peter might have said that Harley was an adult but Harley knew that was Tony’s only way of explaining why he had more freedoms.
He wanted to use Tony’s lab and pick his brain about MIT before he went.
Then he felt arms coming around him. Grounding him. Making him come back when he didn’t want to. The voices that were like a white noise into his ringing ears earlier were now getting louder and more insistent. He could hear the panic in them. Wait. Wasn’t he supposed to be the ones panicking? Not the Alphas. Why were they panicking?
Peter was pretty precious to them.
That made sense he supposed but he did feel the need to correct his Mama. “I’m not a little kid.” His eyes narrowed when he saw his Mama’s grin.
“Peter, it’s okay. You didn’t hurt my feelings. I know you didn’t mean it and I’m sorry if you're disappointed by the raisins but your Mama warned me to get you something a small bit healthy because he knew that Natasha was going to go overboard. So if you want to blame anyone, blame Tony.” Bruce said, giving Tony up without an ounce of regret.
“I know baby. Friday is a big meanie, isn’t she? Scaring my Peter like that. Will we spank her?” He asked the still crying baby in his arms, Peter giggled wetly at the thoughts of Friday getting a spanking.
That would be the biggest test for Tony. Peter Parker for all intents and purposes was Tony’s kid. He went between his aunt’s house and Tony’s, only leaving when Tony had a heat. He was due back tomorrow and the little omega would be mortified at seeing Tony naked and hard. Tony would be the same but he’d have to get over it. Steve knew that when he was taking Tony on as a mate he’d be taking Peter on as his mates child. He had already discussed it with May who was more than happy to raise Peter in a traditional sense, which meant that the poor omega would have to go into chastity until Steve found him a suitable mate. That was a topic for another day though.
Bucky just let out another sob, not even caring when he saw Tony and Peter standing beside them, Tony handing something to Steve. He felt the silicone teat pass his lips and latched on with strong urgent sucks, trying to calm down but unable to. He didn’t notice them moving or being put down on the changing table, it wasn’t until the fresh air hit him did the situation become apparent. There was no way out of this and looking at Steve as he expertly diapered him said everything; he was expecting this for a while. He looked around the nursery and realised it wasn’t Peter's one. His name was proudly displayed over the side of the crib in big block letters and a Captain America and Iron Man plushie much like Peter’s were waiting inside. It was then he realised just how screwed he was.
Peter nodded his thanks before he closed the door quietly behind him. Steve was sure Peter was going to cry in the shower. He looked a hair breath away from it. Steve nearly went back into the bathroom to comfort him when he heard the first small sob but let Peter have his privacy. He laid out his favourite pyjamas and a fresh pair of underpants and socks on his bed before he made his way back down the hall to where he knew Tony had been listening to his and Peter’s conversation.
It was extremely sweet how much Peter looked up to Harley.
“That’s good enough for me. How long till we’re there?” Peter asked, gazing out the window as they drove through Queens.
Steve chuckled softly, “He is the cutest. I think once we confirm Bucky’s results we’re going to have 2 very cute little’s that will try and get away with murder.”
“Hello, Peter. Good day in school?” Friday asked.
“Was he mean to you before?” He asked carefully. If he found out that Steve had been mean to his baby him and his Alpha were going to have some words, traditional relationship or not.
This felt like a good chapter to end this on. Thanks to everyone for reading and commenting on this story! I appreciate it!
Papa looked at Mama with a lovey-dovey face. “That was really generous of you Tony.”
Cho nodded, “And whose Petey?” She asked.
Mama walked through the big glass doors like he owned the place, which was a possibility. It screamed money and Mama looked at home in it. The foyer had massive windows looking out onto a lake. He could see little duckies swimming in it and was enthralled by it. He loved duckies. He wondered idly if his Mama would let him get one?
Steve smiled down at him, “Hey sweetheart. I’d say you’re aching about now huh?” He asked, running a hand down Tony’s sweaty back.
“Hey, baby. Have a good snooze?” Tony ran a hand through his hair, Peter leaning in out of habit.
Youknowwhoiam
Steve leaned down and dropped a kiss onto Tony’s waiting mouth. “He takes after his Mama that way.”
Peter rolled his eyes at his uncle and took the pyjamas his Papa handed him. Tossing his shirt and t-shirt on the ground and slipping into the Ironman pyjama set instead.
“Dada, I’m big, remember?” Peter said sweetly. Steve might have believed him if Peter wasn’t sucking so contently on a pacifier.
“Does that feel good?” Clint didn’t answer.
"Is what still a thing?" Peter felt like he was missing something here.
Tony saw Peter’s breath quicken and his how much he was fidgeting and moved quickly over to his son, wrapping an arm around his son to help him calm down. Peter had a tendency to work himself up when he had a difficult question to ask, so much to the point that he would be inconsolable for a while after it. Luckily Tony and Steve were well able to stop it before it got to that point.
He turned the car off and waited a minute until he could see Peter starting to stir. When he was sure that Peter was awake enough he finally got out and went around to unbuckle him.
Clint, Natasha and Bruce are all out on a mission for the next three days. Bucky is gone out with Sam and Steve is in the common room sketching.” Damn, he was hoping that Steve would have gone out as well. No such luck. If he got wind of Tony going through heat there would be no hope for him.
“Clint in trouble?”
Mama put him sitting upon his knee. “I think we should put some underwear on you, what do you think?”
“Well someone is a lot happier than a few minutes ago. We’ll still have to get Daddy to take a look at your head though, just in case.” Peter found himself placidly agreeing with him as if sitting on Mr Starks hip while cuddling into a plushie version of him was an everyday thing. He’d like to blame it on being overwhelmed with everything that’s going on but he knew that he was just enjoying the attention from Mr Stark, even if he was being treated like a baby.
“Well, what do you think?” He asked them all, trying to look at everyone to see their reactions.
Peter scowled at his Dad. He wanted to stay with uncle Bucky, not go with Papa. Before he could argue his case though, Bucky was standing up and placing an arm under his butt so that he was in his arms. He let out a yelp and clung to Bucky’s neck, afraid of falling.
Tony nodded, taking the stopper out of the bath, “Afraid so baby. While you’re my big boy you still can’t tell if you need to go and we don’t want any more accidents, do we?”
“Papa I missed you!” He squeezed him happily, giving a yelp when he felt his Papa’s hand come down on his vulnerable bottom, twice.
“Okay. If you’re sure Papa.” He said, yawning. He was too tired for this conversation at the moment. He was glad when Bucky started reading his favourite Harry Potter book. He fell asleep just as Harry and his friends saw the dark mark in the sky at the tri-wizard tournament.
Peter giggled, pulling back to rub at his eyes. “I can reply now?”
“Your Mama is very thoughtful, isn’t he?” Clint said, the teasing glint in his tone flying completely over Peter’s head. It didn’t go over Tony’s though, Clint ignored the glare that was sent his way.
Peter cuddled into his Papa, content to ignore his phone for the next hour and watch whatever movie was put on.
It took everything in Tony not to argue that he was about to argue, instead he cuddled into Steve, scenting his neck to get another boost of comfort from him, he really didn’t want to admit why he didn’t want to wear the collar but he just knew that Steve would see through any lie he tried to come up with. Instead, he mumbled into Steve’s neck hoping that Steve would understand him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You did but clothes can be washed baby. It’s no big deal.” Tony said soothingly, “Do you see why we want you to wear a diaper?”
Steve hummed and continued to play with Tony, even as he watched Clint look more and more uncomfortable.
“Awesome. I’ll let Papa know the plan.”
“It was but you still could have got confirmation off of me for it,” Tony said petulantly, not happy that he just took.
“Wow Peter sticking your tongue out at strangers, bold boy.”
“I think both of you are pretty bossy,” Peter commented.
Peter gasped, how could he forget! Harley was finally here! He couldn’t wait to see him!
Peter was wiggling excitedly in the chair when he saw his Dad adding the last touches to his account before handing his phone back. He grinned when he saw the profile photo was of him and Papa a few minutes before. He didn’t like that he looked so small compared to him though, which he pointed out to his parents, who laughed.
Tony sighed, nearly sure he knew what was wrong. “I think he’s jealous but instead of being clingy to me, he’s annoyed because I left him in the car while we got your bags. He’s feeling ignored.”
and not
“Well sweetheart, there are five different main classifications; Alpha, Beta, Omega, Caregiver, Little, Dominant, Submissive. Neither of you needs to worry about what it means to be dominant or submissive. Alpha, beta and omega are a grouping together that have more animalistic qualities, while Caregivers are Mama and Me. They take care of the littles, who are people with a younger mindset. Some little’s can go between what we call a ‘headspace’ so you could go a few weeks with being little and then can go a day or so with being ‘big’ or in an adult frame of mind. Peter, you’re a pretty young little, registering around the year to year and a half mark which means that’s how you're treated. You call us Mama and Daddy because that’s what we are. I better not hear anything else from your mouth little man.” He stuck Peter with a look that had him nodding his head, eager to comply. He saw the swat that Bucky got. No way was he inviting that.
His new Mama hummed, “Yes, very considerate. Now don’t leave my baby waiting, go and get him his promised cookie. And don’t forget about me!” He called after them. Peter looked over his new Daddy’s shoulder and grinned at his new Mama to show he hadn’t forgotten, getting a wink in return which made him blush again.
He placed his fallen pacifier back in his mouth, smiling when Bucky started to nurse on it instantly.
was home! He was never home when Peter was. He had to see him right this minute! He barged into the living room, “Dad! You’re home!” He shouted, not realising his Dad had company until he was fully in the room. “Oops. Hey everyone.” He murmured, embarrassed at being caught acting so childish.
Peter cut his eyes to his father before looking back to Papa. “Mama is letting me make a twitter account! But I have to let him mute words and accounts he doesn’t want me to see and he’s making you and him an account. Oh! And both of you are monitoring the account and it has to go in my account bio.”
He cracked an eye open to see if he could suss out where exactly he was. His confusion only grew though when he took a sneak peek.
“Peter, come see Daddy.” Peter looked over to his Daddy who had his arms out. He was pretty far away if Peter was to walk but with his arms out to help balance him Daddy would probably catch him. Peter turned, still holding onto the chair, just to make sure his feet were placed in the correct way before he let go and toddled carefully over to his Daddy. He only had to take around four steps and his Daddy was snatching him up and cuddling him close.
“Let’s go out and see what Daddy is doing will we?” Mr Stark asked, Daddy? Who the heck was Daddy supposed to be? Did this mean that Mr Stark was his Mama? Or Papa? Peters mind was running wild and overwhelming him like it tended to do sometimes. Instead of answering Mr Stark he pushed his head into his neck and sucked on the object in his mouth. A whine left his mouth involuntarily when they began to leave the room. Mr Stark seemed to be able to interpret it easily enough and chuckled, shuffling Peter around so that he was sitting on his hip rather than his front so that he could get his plushie.
I hope you like it! Let me know what you think of this chapter.
“Hey Tones, as you can see Clint is okay.” Bucky laughed from where he sat, reading the newspaper like the old man that he was.
“That’s right! I’ve not a single bit of clothing on me!” He raised a questioning brow. He knew he’d agreed to all the traditional stuff and all but surely Steve didn’t mean for being naked outside his heat. He was sure they had some sort of conversation very like this during his heat but a lot of that time was fuzzy.
Bucky gestured to Steve’s hand that was still pumping Tony’s cock, “That looks counterproductive to keeping his relaxed don’t you think?”
Tony pouted in response but did as asked with bad grace, earning himself a swat on his backside for his troubles. He closed his eyes when he felt the plug against his still wet hole, trying not to think about how much Steve’s dominance was turning him on. It was no use though, as he felt the plug slide into him and settle against his prostate he couldn’t help but begin to rut in hope that he’d get some relief. He was rewarded with a chuckle from Steve.
As always comments and kudos are much appreciated
(See the end of the chapter for
For one, he was lying horizontally instead of in the reclined position the car seat offered.
The final bell rang and Peter jumped from his seat, and packing up his bag as quick as he could to get out. He heard the professor sigh at his antics but he just shot him a grin. All of his professors loved him and let him get away with a lot more than he should have. He’d been warned way more than the three times his parents said to before he got the final warning. Gathering up his things he called out a quick goodbye to Ned and took off as quickly as he could down the hall. He didn’t want to run in case he was stopped by a teacher on the way out. Just as he opened the front doors Flash had to make his inevitable appearance.
Steve, though, instead of scaring Peter more just pushed his head so that it was against Steve’s scent gland. At Peter’s first, inhale of the Alpha his body relaxed of its own accord. He could smell Steve and his Alpha scent but he could also pick up traces of his Dad in there which helped calm him down. The alpha scent was a relaxer for Omega’s, especially if the Alpha was mated to an Omegan parent of the child. Peter’s fear was coming from his brain but his biology already recognised Steve as his second parent now that he got his scent.
“I know,” He said sighing, “I just really wish he asked for a car or a trip to Disneyland instead. Something easier than this.”
“Yeah well, I knew I’d never have lived down Tony essentially locking me in my room. This time though, I knew it was okay since Jarvis practically lit the way for me.” He said with a little thrust up, making Tony moan once more.
“He’s upset that I’m making him go naked, and that I smacked his ass for arguing,” Steve called on his way to the kitchen to get some snacks for them.
The smell hit him the second he was in the living room. Tony’s flushed face pressed against Bucky’s neck nearly sent him into a rage at seeing his Omega so close to another Alpha, the only thing stopping him was the clear mating mark that was on display on his neck. Bucky opened his arms when Steve was close enough, allowing him to take Tony off his lap. Tony’s eyes fluttered open when he was moved.
“Today was awesome. I got so many sweets, I’d say I’ll have a tummy ache for the next month solid. I love Halloween Papa. Do you think Mama will let me eat all of them without making me have some fruit to go with it? Cause Ned said that it’s not half as good when you have to eat healthy stuff with it and as a scientist, I feel that we need to be aware of the negative effects that fruit has on sweets. Don’t you agree Papa?”
“Wh-What can I help you with doc?”
“Too early. Go back to sleep.”
“Let’s go!”
“Steve,” Tony muttered embarrassed, here he was, legs thrown wide open on either side of Steve’s thighs as his hole was filled to the brim while Steve’s best friend watched on and there was literally nothing he could do about it. His cheeks reddened and his cock jumped, getting a laugh out of Bucky, which made it jump again.
Wow, his Dad really was taking this seriously.
“Best get yourself under control Tones, Peter will be back in a few minutes,” Steve said, putting his own cock away and zipping back up. He took the used plug and put it in the second box, to be cleaned later.
The waitress waited until they were all seated before taking their order. Peter stared openly at her in a way only a baby could. He got a smile back of her which made him blush and hide his face. His poor bashful baby.
“But, But I don’t understand. I wasn’t yours but now I am?” Peter took a suck of his pacifier to stop the overwhelming pressure he felt trying to figure it out. This thing was like magic, he may ask Mr Thor if there was a reason it was so amazing.
Steven with a ph
“Damn yourself. If Bruce hadn’t of come in I would have lasted way longer.” The feeling of humiliation for his science bro to be watching had him so close to the edge he couldn’t help it.
Whenever Peter said that Tony couldn’t resist letting Peter cling to him the rest of the day.
“You back with us?” Clint nodded, flushing in embarrassment over his mini freak out. “Verbal answer please.”
Steve rolled his eyes at his partner's antics as he put a toasted ham and cheese sandwich along with a cup of fruit in front of Peter.
“I know we’re treating Bucky like he’s little until we get to the centre but is that really the right call?” Tony gazed at his husband with sympathy, fighting with Bucky over the car seat was rough on him, especially Bucky’s cries.
Tony shrugged, “We don’t I’m going to make ours before we make yours. I’m putting your account on alerts as well so anytime you’re mentioned both of us will be notified.”
Hey, I have a stomach bug so I've been puking my way through Christmas. Could only eat half of my dinner before legging it to the bathroom which is extremely upsetting. I've been confined to my room because apparently I'm contagious, because of that I've had loads of time to read and write. I wanted something fluffy to write and this came to mind. Let me know what you think.
Peter heard the waitress coming back but didn’t bother to look up until he heard her gasp as something Mama said. When he looked at her, her eyes were wide and she was almost vibrating she was that excited.
“Mama, all the news are talking about it! They all want to know who I am! Look at the people are saying!”
“Peter! You nearly got hit by that car!” He exclaimed, before pulling him into a tighter hug.
The door flew open and he jumped in fright, his cries becoming louder now that he his kidnapper was here. They were probably going to hurt him way worse than the bump he could feel on his head. He closed his eyes so that he wouldn’t see their faces, still clutching his head to try and stop the pain. To his surprise though no pain came. Instead, he felt someone picking him up and cradling him against their body, one hand under his padded bottom and the other rubbing his back as they rocked. It confused Peter how much comfort he felt from just being held and rocked. The shock of being picked up and comforted made it that he didn’t resist when he felt something being pushed against his lips. When he felt the press of a rubber bulb in his mouth stopped his crying so that he could give it an experimental suck. Huh, it actually felt kind of soothing to suck on it. He did it again, this time more quickly and with more force. Liking the sounds and comfort it gave him. He wasn’t sure what it was but whoever was holding him wasn’t getting it back. He didn’t care if they just saw him crying like a baby, he would fight them for whatever he had now.
As if someone was listening to his thoughts, he heard a little whimper coming from the buggy.
“Okay, into bed you go. Bucky off the bed, please. Pick a book for Peter.” Steve said, shooing Bucky from the bed to get Peter snuggled in.
“Okay sweetheart, I believe you.” Peter poked his tongue out at his Papa and undid his belt before hopping out of the now parked car. He waited where he was, knowing his Papa would be annoyed if he moved from where he was until he was beside him.
“I didn’t spank him. He’s not even red.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “My heat is over.” He felt the need to point it out so Steve would get the picture. It didn’t seem to work though because all he did was quirk an eyebrow and begin to move his hand up and down Tony’s shaft, sending Tony into a spiral of pleasure.
They were rich, they could afford it.
I was supposed to update These Little Days but after infinity war, I couldn't. I wrote this chapter instead lol. Let me know what you think and thanks for the comments and kudos so far!
“Ah yes, for James Stark-Rogers?” She asked looking up. “Is he here, or?” She wasn’t sure who the test was for. She knew that all four of the people in front of her had a classification just by looking at them.
The first thing he noticed was how difficult it was to stand up as if his legs weren’t willing to support him, he gripped as hard as he could just to stay upright, and had to lean against the rails in the end to support himself. The second thing he noticed was that he wasn’t in his Spiderman suit or even in normal clothes. He was in some sort of body suit, a bit similar to his own but instead, it was short sleeved and had Captain America’s shield on it, stating that he was ‘Captain Adorable.’ He groaned at the pun but was quickly distracted by looking lower where his bottom half was puffing out. He wiggled a little and yep, that felt like a diaper. Why the heck he was in a diaper was beyond him. Sure he used to have trouble with getting to the toilet on time during the night for a lot longer than other boys, to the point that he could recognise a diaper on him by feel, but that didn’t clear up to why it was on him now? This was getting way too confusing for his liking. He really needed to get out of what he now recognised as a big nursey and figure out what was going on and where he was. He hoped he was in New York still. It would be super embarrassing having to go home to Aunt May in the outfit he was currently sporting especially if he was out of state. Just as he was preparing himself to jump out of the crib he spotted something out of the corner of his eye in the crib with him that caught his attention. It looked like an Ironman plushie that he had when he was a kid. He loved that plushie, so much that he cried for a week when he lost it once until his Aunt went out and got him a new one. It wasn’t the same but Peter had loved the new one just as much. He’d forgotten all about that and felt a desire he couldn’t resist overcome him to hug the plushie in the crib to him as tight as possible and not let go. He turned to get to the plushie as quick as possible, letting go of the side of the crib in his haste, but in his eagerness to get to the plushie he forgot about his jelly legs situation and started to fall back. His head smacked against the other side of the bars as he fell. He let out a shout of pain as he went down that came out more as a whine, clutching his head when he finally hit the mattress. That
“Can you make a big tower for me out of the blocks.” She asked, watching him interact with them.
Peter nodded, putting on his most serious face. Tony bit back a smile at how adorable he looked. “I promise to look after his Mama. Bucky won’t be sad at all by the time we go to the test! I go too?” No way was Peter letting Bucky go through that by himself. He had to protect his little brother at all costs.
“I don’t think so baby but he will be staying until Sunday night. He’s starting MIT soon so he’ll be spending a lot of his weekends here with us.”
“Love Daddy.” Peter grinned up at him, giggling when Daddy rubbed their noses together.
“Can’t forget your sidekick can we?” He asked, handing Peter the plushie. Peter hugged it to him straight away, glad to have finally gotten the hug he wanted off of Ironman for it. He found it a bit funny that he was hugging the plushie of the man that was also cuddling him but he was sure that Mr Stark’s Iron man wasn’t as nice to cuddle with. The thought of him cuddling made him laugh slightly, cringing a bit when it came out as a giggle instead of the manly laugh he was going for.
Cho nodded once again, marking something else down on the sheet.
“There’s my favourite boy. Did you bump your head?” Peter nodded, unable to help himself. His new Daddy had a really soothing voice that he just had to listen to. He even pointed to where it hurt to show him.
“Peter, now that I’m mated to your Dad, I want you to know that I’m not going to get rid of you. I knew that being mated to Tony meant that I was taking you on as well and I couldn’t ask for a better kid to call mine. There will be rules, for both of you, that you won’t enjoy but always know that I have both of your best interests at heart. Your aunt has agreed as well that this is what’s best. Being in a traditional household isn’t a bad thing. It means that you’ll be under my protection at all times. You’ll get used to it.”
“Knew you’d be great at this life baby.” Steve murmured, giving him a kiss on the temple before the two of them turned to watch Clint now being fucked by Bucky. Watching them got him squirming again. At least he’d have no issue staying hard if Bucky and Clint were going to be around. He’d count that as a win.
“Yeah. Poor Bucky is barely keeping his eyes open as it is. I’d say Pete isn’t too far behind.”
“Eh, I was looking for Tony to ask him a question but I can see he’s busy. I’ll be back.”
Peter nodded, sending his curls flying. He knew exactly what Steve wanted to do. Tony did it to him once a month to keep his scent strong on his pup. It was common in their society to mask a pups scent with their own until they reached the age of majority. It served a dual purpose of warding off unwanted Alpha’s, as well as giving the Omega pup comfort throughout the day or whenever they were separated for a long period of time.
Peter opened clicked into the responses to see what people were commenting, surprised about the number of news sites that had it.
“Hey Petey, Daddy being mean to you, huh?” Tony cooed at the boy who hugged him back and nodded pitifully in response.
Steve rolled his eyes when he saw Tony making himself comfortable one Bucky’s knees. He’s lucky he chose Bucky or he would have more to worry about than one small smack to the bottom.
The little diner they went to was just off the testing centre and was clearly used for people that were either celebrating or mourning their results. Tony was pretty sure he owned it but had to shoot Pepper a quick text to find out. If he did, it was about due an upgrade.
He caught Flash’s smirk from across the room and barely withheld rolling his eyes. “Yes sir.” He said meekly, making an effort to relax his body. No point in letting Flash rile him when he was on his last warning. It was a bit embarrassing that the professors in school were giving him a last warning for spankings but as both his Dad and Papa had pointed out, they weren’t aware of that. All they knew was Peter got three warnings per class and on the third warning he’d be told about the phone call. If the phone call was made, then Peter knew he’d be in a lot of trouble. Surprisingly though, it was worse if they rang Papa rather than Dad and Peter always prayed it was his Dad they got.
To Peter, Harley was the coolest person on earth. It helped that Harley found Peter endearing and didn’t mind Peter following him around and asking question after question.
Unfortunately, the boys weren’t going to let that happen.
Then he felt a sharp sting on his left ass cheek before seconds later the same was repeated on his right one. “Clint.” The voice said forcefully, effectively forcing Clint out of his little bubble of bliss.
The room went silent for a second as if collectively trying to process Steve’s attempt at a joke before Bucky let out a snort.
Steve rolled his eyes at him, “You know what I mean. We can do both of those things without everyone looking at him. He’s exposed this way.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Oh, you know it. Just wait, you’re going to let them away with everything and Mama will have to come in and be the bad guy.”
“He’s a baby. Littler than me.” He supplied helpfully.
As much as Peter loved Harley he just wasn’t used to sharing his parents with anyone else, in particular, Tony, which made him jealous.
“I’m just going to take a small bit of blood off you Clint and then we’ll do the physical.” Bucky held him securely around the waist as Clint watched Bruce with beaded eyes. He hated blood being taken, something Bucky knew from the last time in medical when they tried to take blood and he ended up knocking the doctor out. In his defence, he was trying to hide his classification.
Peter wasn’t sure how he knew that his Mama was better equipped to sort this than his Dada but he assumed that this was part of his two consciousness coming together which was pretty disorientating. He wasn’t able to think about it too much because it hurt his head a lot. At this point he just had to accept that this was the way he was, trying to fight it was like trying to fight the tide.
“Sure.” Captain America responded, “ I’ll need to see his face though. Petey, think you can show Daddy your pretty brown eyes?”
“Good, good.” Bruce moved from his ears down to his neck, running his hands down and pressing where his mating gland was. Clint whimpered and his knees went weak, leaning back on Bucky. “He’s very responsive there. I barely pressed down.”
Peter watched on smugly while his Daddy tried to calm Bucky down. He knew Bucky wouldn’t be happy in the buggy and he was right. He had taken Bucky out of the buggy straight away and was bouncing him up and down while Bucky sobbed. It was strange to Peter, why was Bucky acting so young even though he was able to hide it so well earlier? It confused Peter to why he was acting like a baby now. He asked his Mama who was also watching on, luckily he had an answer at the ready for him.
Steve sighed and rolled them so that Tony was under him and pushed his hips in closer so that Tony would feel more of his knot. Tony spread his legs as far as he could, groaning at the feel of Steve, he knew what Steve was doing but it felt too good at the moment to try to stop so he could work.
He felt safe in his Mama’s neck.
“Yes, we’re looking for it to be as quick as possible, Bucky isn’t going to like it one bit so we just need the physical, the little boosters and blood tests.”
Steve walked in before Peter had a chance to reply. Tony took Peter’s shaking to mean that he had been mean to him and glared at Steve.
Steve came around the corner and stopped for a second when he saw Clint before moving to the chair beside Bucky.
“Hey, I’m Peter’s Dad. I’m here to take Peter out early, he’ll be back Monday.” Tony grinned at the stunned teacher and handed him the note that he was sure needed to go to the office and not to the poor history teacher.
anything! His first lesson waking up in this strange world was that his new Daddy was a big. Fat.
“Fine, what are the other rules?” Peter wanted to get it over with quickly, rip it off like a plaster.
Cho nodded, “I’ll have to do a slight mental one as well as those. It’s required by law.” Tony sighed, he was hoping to skip them. Bucky was not going to be willing to talk to Cho if the way he was trying his hardest to burrow into Tony’s neck was any indication.
“Shh, it’s okay Tony. I get why you’re asking. I asked the exact same question. Clint consented to it all. I’m not sure what happened between them but going by Bucky’s texts, they're both over the moon by the mating. I did tell him that you’d be down to see Clint once you were over your heat, so they’re expecting you. Do you want to go now?” Steve knew that Tony wouldn’t be happy unless he saw Clint was safe and unharmed with his own two eyes. Tony popped his head up from where he was hiding it in Steve’s chest.
The kid had recently gotten into MIT and had been hounding Tony to come over to the tower since.
“Ah.” His Mama said as if that explained it all. Peter was relieved, thank god his Mama was a genius. “You remember the old world floors? When we woke up here the carpet was here. It’s for you and Clint and Bucky. Don’t want to hurt yourself when you’re playing. Marble isn’t the best flooring for little kids, so Daddy says.”
“ ‘Kay.” Peter turned away from his Daddy to look at Bucky who was still cuddling with Mama. “Bucky!” He called, waiting until Bucky looked at him from around his blankey that he was rubbing against his face.
“I know, I know. I’ll be quick.” Tony had just pulled the straps down when Dr Cho walked back in.
Tony finished his little speech, looking at the now crying child before him and his fingers itched to pull him close. He waited until Peter responded though.
He put Peter back in the car seat as quick as the first time, making sure to tell Friday to only stop Peter from opening the car seat and nothing more. He closed the door once more and jumped into the front seat, glancing into the rearview mirror at the kids. Peter looked content to examine the car seat and harness, swinging his legs and sucking on his pacifier. And he tried to say he wasn’t little at the minute, he’s lucky Tony is good at seeing past the bullshit.
Peter rolled his eyes. Flash said this at least twice a week to him and it was getting old. His Papa and Dad agreed that school would be easier for him if they didn’t know he was their son. Peter could see where they were coming from of course, because if it was open knowledge within the school then it wouldn’t be long before the press got a hold of it, and if they knew that he was their son then he would be hounded all the time, which didn’t sound one bit fun. It was because of that, that the school knew who he was and his proper name but they used his aunt’s last name for everyone else. He also just went with the story that he lived with his aunt and his parents died when he was young, which was true but when his mom and stepdad died in the plane crash he was actually with his Dad and not his aunt. It was a handy story to tell but at the same time, it led to situations like this where Flash liked to taunt him for being an orphan which just wasn’t true. Today though, he didn’t have time to give a snarky response. One was, he could see his Papa watching from across the road and two, he really, really wanted sweets.
He always kept Peter’s phone during school hours so he wouldn’t be distracted, he knew that Peter could use the laptop he brought with him every day but it was monitored by FRIDAY, unlike his phone which was monitored by KAREN, who was way more inclined to cover up for Peter.
Then again, maybe not.
There were similar bags with Tony and Steve’s on it at Steve’s feet. Peter bounded over to the bag, jumping up and down in excitement.
“No that’s okay. Bucky only takes formula.” Tony responded, shaking the formula Dr Cho gave to them.
Bucky and Bruce cleaned the kitchen in record timing, making sure it was spotless before his exam. Clint cringed as Bucky shut the dishwasher. The beeping of it starting was loud in the otherwise silent room. It reminded Clint of the beeping of an alarm which was apt in this situation since it also signified the beginning of his exam and the end of his current life as he knew it.
Tony sent off his own quick text to Steve before ushering Peter to the car, opening the back door for him.
“You were great Tones. Stay where you are. I have something for you while we watch Star Wars.” Steve didn’t think Tony could move even if he wanted to. It looked like his whole concentration was going on not orgasming. Steve left him to calm down slightly and went over to their toy box, taking out a long, thick dildo, curved at the top so that it hits his prostate straight one, while the knot at the end will keep off of Steve in him.
Peter wasn’t sure how to explain all the questions running through his head so he just blurted out the one word, hoping Mama would catch on. “Carpet?”
Peter nodded eagerly in response, reminding Steve of a puppy. His doe eyes holding a pleading edge to them. Steve had to squash the urge to shoot him down straight away, he was trying to take the advice Tony gave to him after they put Peter to bed and were just relaxing in the living room.
Hey so I went to see endgame and cried so much I needed something happy in my life so I updated this. Some of the questions asked were just me poking a bit of fun at the number of people that had an issue with the roughest week. Hope you like it and be sure to tell me what you think!
“Good boy. I’ll let you know when you can come.” Steve resumed, using his thumb to spread the pre-come around the tip of Tony’s cock. It was a flaring red and straining against Steve’s hand and he kept his teasing to the tip, circling again and again, stopping when Tony thought he’d come. Every time he brought him to the edge before stopping long enough to take Tony back from the brink only to begin again.
I know. It's been forever. I'm sorry but I didn't realise how long it was going. Hope you like it. Please read tags on the story.
Tony tapped his nose. “You’re forgiven.” Peter smiled and put his head back into his Mama’s neck, not ready to let go yet. Mama didn’t make him either, he just rubbed up and down his back and continued talking to Papa.
Bucky looked over on his way past to get some lunch, whistling as Tony’s body, while completely relaxed, was constantly working the knot with his hips, triggering smaller, dry orgasms. “I’ll leave you some lunch. Bruce and Sam are on their way up so I’ll hide it in the oven for you before they eat through it all.”
“I know but one more and then you can relax can’t you?” Steve rubbed the sensitive head slowly until Tony nodded. He picked up the pace, bringing him to orgasm quickly. Tony tensed as he was wrung dry. Tears came into his eyes at the half pleasure half pain feeling he got from it. He slumped against Steve, completely worn out. He didn’t think it would be possible during his heat but somehow Steve was able to put it at bay finally.
Looking at Peter now he could see how much he wanted to do the Q and A. He was extremely excited when he woke up this morning to find he had 50 thousand people following him. Steve still had reservations though.
Peter shrugged, “You’re rich,” was the only response he had to that. Luckily it made Mama laugh instead of angry like he thought it would.
“So tomorrow I was going to go out and meet a few friends in the evening if that’s okay with you?” Harley said, bringing Peter’s attention back to the conversation.
Peter waved at his Dad as he was carried out of the room, squirming to get down so he could get away but Bucky wouldn’t let him until they were in his room. He pouted up at the man as his Papa closed the door. Bucky was supposed to be on his side.
“Clint, best not shout at an Omega’s Alpha when they’re in heat. If Tony wasn’t stuck to Steve right now then he would have gone for you most likely. You should know though if the exam proves you’re an Omega.” Bruce said mildly.
Steve decided to take pity on him and instead of playing with just the tip and took hold of his cock fully, his hand nearly being the full length of it. It only took two twists of Steve’s hand and Tony was spilling all over his hand, his ass milking Steve’s knot as the orgasm overcame him. Steve pumped up into him again, grinding against his ass and drawing out Tony’s orgasm. Steve didn’t stop stroking his cock, drawing whimpers out of Tony as his now sensitive member was toyed with.
“Okay, no. That’s more than enough off everyone here. Let’s get going or all the sweets are going to be gone.”  Peter scrambled up off of Bucky and ran over to his parents, the long way through so that Sam, Clint and Thor could throw their sweets in as he went.
Steve’s arms encircled him and held him in a hug from behind, “I am sorry sweetheart. I promise it won’t happen again.”
Harley was excited to see Peter as well, even going as far as making Tony pay for a larger suitcase for him so he could bring a new lego set for Peter that they could build together.
Peter watched as Mama shrugged, uncomfortable with the praise. “It was nothing.”
Let me know what you think of this chapter! Comments and Kudos are much appreciated like always!
Peter pouted for a minute, how come Harley was always allowed to do the cool stuff and he wasn’t? Maybe he could get Harley to bring him out. That was if he even remembered he was there. That idea was shot down the second he even thought about it though.
Instead of answering Tony rubbed their noses together, effectively ending the near pout on Peter’s face. Instead, the boy scrunched up his nose and giggled slightly.
“Sure bud, you have to go into your seat though.” It took everything in Peter to not whine. He wouldn’t let his ‘classification’ get the best of him! He was big, dang it! Instead, he shrugged.
“Dad! How could you! You promised!” Peter pouted up at him. Tony glanced at Steve and saw him shaking his head as if he didn’t ask Tony to say it to Bruce while he said it to Bucky.
Peter turned his phone off and decided to go back into his parents and wait for a while to see if he got any followers.
Mama places Peter gently on the floor. Peter remembered the last time he tried standing and he hurt his head. Not this time! He gripped onto the side of the chair, making sure his feet were planted solidly on the ground. He was proud that his legs didn’t shake like before, they felt a bit off-kilter but nothing he couldn’t handle if he put his arms out to steady himself. Maybe it was just because he woke up his legs felt like jelly? That had to be it.
“You need a black nose as well.” He declared, handing the face paint to his Papa who was struggling with the tie around his neck. “You do it, Papa. You’re the artist. Mama can do your tie while you do his nose.”
“Yup. He’ll be here in five minutes as well.”
“Nooo, Dada.” He pushed as far back as he could go trying to get away but it was no use. The bib as secured way too easily for Peter’s liking.
“Yes, we did. You can stand down Bucky. I might not have been prepared for it to be this month for us to be mated but it was an inevitability and if I really didn’t want you up here Jarvis wouldn’t have let you anywhere near me like my last three heats when he confined you to your quarters for the week.” Was it so hard for people to believe that he had
“Well, it’s just that everyone in my class has it and I never know what they’re talking about with all the jokes going on and then they tease me because I don’t and Ned tries to explain it but keeps saying that unless I see it I won’t get it. I’m not on Facebook, or Instagram or Tumblr or even snapchat and I get why.” He hastened to say when he saw his Dad open his mouth to argue. “I do get it, Mama. I couldn’t have one cause of the whole keeping me secret thing but now after the whole field trip thing, you said that it was time to make the world aware of who I am. Wouldn’t this way be easier than a press conference? They could get used to me on twitter first and then when you think they’re ready you can organise a conference.” Peter looked down at his hands while he asked, afraid to look his Dad in the eyes in case it was a hard no. After what felt like an eternity he heard his Dad sigh.
“Are you a traditional Alpha as well as Bucky?” Tony asked, finally able to tear his eyes away from the still moaning Clint.
Peter sighed, not happy with the answer at all. “Can I just stay with you this weekend Papa? Let Harley and Mama do what they want. I’m used to people not wanting me around. It happens enough in school so I don’t care. Mama can spend time with me if he wants when Harley goes home I suppose.”
“James Buchanan Stark-Rogers.” He replied promptly, stumbling over Buchanan.
“Good, now let’s go.” Steve stood to the side and let Tony pass, bringing his hand down on his bottom when he passed. Tony yelped and brought his hand to rub the sting but picked up the pace. Steve noticed that Tony’s cock jumped even as his ass clenched. That was something to file away for later.
Steve tried to hold back a laugh as Tony spluttered. “A shirt! That’s all you’re giving me is a shirt?!”
Bruce blinked, still shocked at the news. “Eh sure. Is here okay or will we go somewhere else?”
Tony shook his head quickly, seeing where Peter’s thought process was going. “No, no. It’s not like that. I still have a voice and I have a safe word. With anything to do with the company he doesn’t go near it and knows that that’s my domain. It’s a partnership where I’m willingly giving up control Pete. As my child though, you’ll also legally be his. Aunt May has agreed as well but it means until he finds you an Alpha or you’re 25 and don’t want to be in a traditional lifestyle anymore that you’ll be under his rules. I’ll have to say as well of course but his word is final.”
Peter eyed up his Dad from behind his bowl of wheeto’s early on Saturday morning. They were both in the living room watching cartoons while having breakfast. It was a tradition they had going since Peter was really young. Usually, Papa was there as well but he had to meet with some new shield agents. Dad was supposed to go as well but outright refused to give up their Saturday morning routine. Peter would normally be upset that his Papa wasn’t joining them but today it worked in his favour. He would be able to convince Dad a lot quicker than he would Papa, especially after the whole field trip fiasco. It was now or never. His Dad had finished his smoothie and was just scrolling through his StarkPad, smiling every so often when he saw something funny.
He was lying on his back with his head the side and all he could see was mesh in front of him.
fell asleep. Why did he have to get up so soon? “Mama no.”
Bucky reached out an ran a hand through Clint’s hair, raising an eyebrow when he pulled away and flushed a deeper red. Clint loved when Bucky ran his fingers through his hair?
Every time one of them asked him about it Peter would pout and say that he just wanted his Mama.
“Already? I thought I’d have more time to get lunch ready. Think you could take over for me?” He asked, gesturing to the makings of the pasta he was putting on, smiling his thanks at the incline of Natasha’s head before leaving to see to his Omega.
Tony looked at his science bro, appalled that he threw him under the bus without the blink of an eye.
Steve’s brow creased at his son's blasé words. He hated that Peter just accepted that he'd be teased in school over not having parents. Maybe it wasn’t the best idea to hide that Peter was their son? He’d have to talk to Tony about it later when Peter was asleep. Right now though, he changed the subject and made small talk until they got back to the tower. When it came into view Peter was practically vibrating on his booster. His endless questions beginning.
He could see how embarrassed Tony was by just looking at him but he would have to get over it sooner rather than later. It wouldn’t be out of the norm for Steve to go in during a meeting and fuck Tony if he wanted to. He wouldn’t, probably, but this would be good training for him to be prepared for that, in case it ever happened.
Peter shook his head wildly, holding up his school bag in defence. “No, I haven’t! I ate the lunch you packed me today. So unless you packed me sugar then I haven’t had a single bit, besides if I had it you might not have let me out trick or treating and I wasn’t about to risk that!” He waved his hands wildly as he made his point making Steve laugh.
“Was Steve mean to you baby?” he asked softly.
Mama got the paci quickly and popped it into his mouth. “There we go, my demanding boy. Let’s change your diaper really quickly before Dr Cho comes back.” Tony took the diaper bag off of Steve and brought Bucky over to the exam table, lying him back on it to get at his wet diaper. Bucky kicked his legs in frustrations, not wanting a change but he also didn’t want to sit in a wet diaper. All his thoughts were so confusing, so he whined instead, knowing it would get his point across.
Peter was always a happy waker, he wondered did the poor baby have a bad dream.
“You don’t need that anymore, you have me now. I’ll take away the pain.” He lifted Tony as if he were nothing, sending a wave of arousal through him. By the way, Steve’s nostrils flared he knew it. The grin he sent him was wolf-like before Tony found himself being slowly embedded onto Steve’s cock. It was even bigger than his biggest dildo, causing Tony to groan the whole way down until Steve bottomed out. He was panting by the time Steve settled his legs on either side of him unable to help the moan when Steve shifted back so he was sitting against the top of his bed.
Peter glanced at the clock, ugh, he had another 2 hours of classes and all he wanted to do was go home and play with his Lego set or his switch.
Tony just sat down when Bucky let out another cry, this time more insistent and a lot louder. “Okay, okay, let’s swap. Peter honey, you stand there for a minute and Daddy will take you.”
Iradio News
! Let me know what you think of it :)
“Do you not like being our child?” Tony asked quietly, his one fear coming out as he washed Peter. Peter’s gaze jumped to his in alarm.
“We have a great kid,” Steve whispered, not wanting to wake him.
“It’s okay sweetheart, we’ll take care of you in a while. Just wait.” He placed a hand on the small of Clint’s back, stopping his movement.
“Good sharpness to his teeth. I’d watch the Bucky.” He joked, moving on to check his ears. Checking the strength of his aids. “Are they still working okay Clint?” Clint nodded. Tony made these for him and they had to be the best ones he’s ever worn.
“B-But you said I could help! I want to help!” He cried, falling onto his padded bottom and letting out a cry. He didn’t want to go to Mama, he wanted to stay with Dada and Jamie. It wasn’t fair!
The Avengers and SI board of directors all looked back at him. The board with hard eyes that were not happy he was interrupting. The Avengers seemed more amused than anything else.
Tony writhed as Steve pounded into him relentlessly and nearly cried when his cock was let go.
“You lied. You said you’d carry Bucky in but he’s asleep in the buggy. He’s going to cry.” He said, accusingly, eyes narrowing at his the thought of his Daddy making his baby brother cry.
Harley laughed and put Peter down, letting himself be dragged by Peter over to Tony who was smiling and ignoring all of the people around him taking photos.
“What do you think?” He asked his Dad, turning the phone to him. Tony gave it a quick glance before nodding his approval.
Peter’s eyes widened in disbelief, his Dad was letting him have chocolate? This must be his lucky day!
“I remember but I need you to help your baby brother out. He’ll be more comfortable if you are in a high chair as well.”
“You’re a great helper honey. Let’s get Mama to sit down so I can get a proper look, okay?” Peter knew that while it was directed it at him it was said to his new Mama, who apparently was Mr Stark. His eyes followed Captain America to the seating area even as Mr Stark moved them to one of the open seats. Peter let himself be manoeuvred so that he was sitting with his back to Mr Starks chest. Mr Starks arms came around him and were lying on his tummy, anchoring Peter to him. Peter clutched his plushie to him as a form of protection to his front as he dared look around for the first time. There weren’t as many people as he was fearing there. Only Black Widow, Hawkeye, Winter Soldier, Mr Coulson, Mr Loki, Mr Thor and Mr Rhodes. It was still a lot more than he wanted and he nearly hid back in his new Mama’s neck but Captain America was in front of him again, cupping a hand to his cheek and guiding his face so he was looking at him.
Mr Stark walked down the hall from the room they were in and Peter looked around curiously, this looked like Mr Starks private quarters. Peter had woken up a few times in Mr Starks guest room when he’d fallen asleep in the tower so he vaguely recognised it. As they got closer to the common area he could hear voices, that freaked him out slightly and he turned his head back into Mr Stark’s neck. He knew it was safe there and that he would protect him. The action got him a pat on his bottom. He knew the second there were in the common area because the conversation stopped.
Steve stared dubiously at Tony. “You sure bringing Peter is a good idea? Do you not remember last time?”
“Thanks, guys. Your Mama will be back after a shower. How about we all go to down and get Jamie a bath? What do you say, Pete? Want to be my big boy and help make your little brother feel better?”
Tony growled again but accepted it. “Fine, but if I find out you did Steve I don’t care how much I love your cock, I’ll chop it off.”
“Times up little Omega, it’s time for you to be claimed,” Steve said between kisses to Tony’s mating gland. The feeling of Steve in him was amazing that he decided to figure out the rest as it came. He was going to let Steve claim him eventually, the details weren’t important right now. What was important was that Steve wasn’t moving and Tony
“Prostate is healthy. It’s quite engorged at the moment for obvious reasons and it’s a good size. In the normal range for a submissive Omega.” Bruce withdrew his fingers, causing Clint to whine. He needed them back. He needed relief. Bucky hushed him and sat him back up so that he was back in position in his lap.
“’m not behind,” Peter whined. Peter wasn’t listening to what they were saying, just the last part and if Mama meant he was behind in school or something then he couldn’t take the blame for that! That was the other Peter.
“I know but you’re both okay. Will we go get some pancakes?” Peter loved pancakes and it was a sure way to win him over. Bucky wouldn’t be able to eat anything too solid. Cho told them that because of him crashing the chances of him choking was raised. She did give them a food supplement to put into his bottle instead though. Tony was going to try fob that job off to Steve. He was already in the bad books for the needles, he didn’t need to become enemy number one.
“Right you can get him dressed again, I have a set of questions and tasks here to determine his age range. It’ll take around a half hour to forty minutes to complete. You can assist in whatever he needs help in.”
Steve shot Tony a wink, “And you wouldn’t have it any other way babe.”
All of this lead to his current predicament though. He was now confined to his room for the next week, with the hope that Steve doesn’t come looking for him in that time or worse, that he doesn’t cave and go looking for him. He practically ran to his room when he got onto his floor, throwing off as much of his clothes as he could while he went. Another problem with his heat was that his skin got so sensitive he hated the feel of any sort of clothing on it. By the time he finally goes to his room he was naked his Omega cock stand straight out from his body. Not bothering to close his door fully, he gave it one harsh tug before running over to his toy box, setting everything up before he was too far gone. He stuck one of his favourite dildo’s to the wall on his bed, another was connected to a machine he made himself that would pump in and out of him. That was for later though, when he was too far gone to go anything but take it. He put a vibrator on his bed beside another dildo that he used for the start. He found going in prepared was better than only with one dildo. Each of them had inflatable knots that came out once he clenched down for more ten seconds. He normally only clenched down that long if he was in the middle of an orgasm so it worked out fine. The need was getting worse though so he wasted no time picking up the first dildo and pressing it against his opening. He didn’t need to stretch himself out, the slick that covered his thighs would ease the way. He let out a moan as it was pushed deeper and deeper into him until the full seven inches were rammed deep into him. Alpha cocks were quite a bit bigger than what he had in him but this was nice to start off with. He pumped his hips forwards, moaning when he felt it bump against the bundle of nerves. All it took was one pull of his small Omega cock and he was spilling all over his hands, clenching around the dildo that was now inflating, the knot sending more spasms through his body. He sighed in relief, the start was always the easiest, more pleasure than pain. It was only three to four orgasms in that he started to feel the ache worse. Right now though he felt comfortably full, dosing off while he body milked the fake cock inside him.
“But Peter, you’re my big boy. You’re bigger than Jamie right?”
Tony cleared his throat to bring the room back into focus. Once everyone (Peter) had quietened down he spoke. “Peter, why don’t you go with Papa and get settled while I finish here?” He said in such a way that Peter would know what he meant instantly but the rest of the room would be oblivious unless they knew him.
It sounded like an ideal day to him.
I read back on the first 3 chapters, I'm not too happy with how they're written. I'm going to have to go back at some point and edit them.
Clint snorted at the boy. “Oh, we get a hello now do we? Earlier on you only had eyes for Bucky. You could have gotten me out of that meeting too but no, you left me to listen to your Dad.”
“That was a long few days,” Steve said eventually, breaking the peace.
“He hit his head off the bars and was crying when I went in. Friday alerted me to it because I was closer.” He heard Mr Stark respond. “Can you take a look at his head for me? He was too upset when I got to him for me to take a proper look.”
Looks like it really is monitored by his parents. Who knew
. He felt one of the hands on his tummy begin to rub up and down while his new Daddy cupped his face again, rubbing his thumb gently on his cheek which had a tear rolling down it.
“Hmm, you make a cute bear. I don’t think Papa or I will look half as good.” Peter grinned up at his Dad and made a growling noise, making Tony laugh.
“Hi Mama, I missed you. Did Papa tell you that there was a Q and A done?”
Tony’s hips bucked as far as Steve’s knot let him. “Steeeeve. I need to get up and work. I have meetings to attend and prototypes that need to be developed. I can’t just stop all of that.”
Mama sighed really big and shook his head, moving Peter so he was on his hip instead of clinging to his front like a koala bear, using his now free hand to take the pacifier out of his mouth and place it back into Peter’s. He was kind of relieved that he got it back to be honest. He kinda thought his Mama would figure out how amazing it was and want to keep it for himself.
“I don’t like the idea of a bunch of strangers asking you questions. It worries me.” Steve said, going with the truth so Peter could see where he’s coming from.
Peter beamed. “Okay! I love you, Harley.”
“Bu-but I had a- a acc’dent.” He moaned, letting Tony manipulate his arms through the tops. He was naked from the waist down and he didn’t have it in him to care.
“It’s nothing. Just that kid flash again, teasing me about being an orphan.” He said dismissively, looking out the window. As much as he disliked the booster seat it did help him watch the scenery, which he loved.
“Mama.” He sobbed out. His heart was racing and he couldn’t stop it. Why did Friday have to be so mean? Luckily his Mama had the car door opened and unhooked the harness straight away so he could cuddle him a little bit.
“Nothing baby. Let’s get you home so Papa doesn’t freak out on us.” Steve hated when Peter wasn’t home if he was supposed to be. Tony never got it but let Steve off, if he wanted to see that Peter was safe that was fine with him.
An hour later he looked at his phone and let out a squeal with the number of responses he had to it.
“It’s okay baby. It’s only a short drive and then we’ll get you out of the icky car seat. Daddy will carry you in okay?”
Peter nodded sadly. “But- But I wasn’t like this and now I am. Why? Why can’t I be big? What about school?” Peter didn’t want his whole life ruined because of this new world. He shivered lightly when his Mama took his vest off, leaving him fully naked, thankfully he didn’t waste time putting him into the warm bubble bath. Peter let out a sigh, this was nice.
“’ C-Cause  he’s my big brother.” Was all he could say.
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha nodded as if she was expecting that answer. Steve and Tony stayed silent, waiting on her response. She was known to pause to gather her thoughts before she did. “I know that at the start we weren’t happy with how things turned out, and what our lives were now, being compelled by certain aspects of ourselves…” she paused for a moment, organising her words, “but, I can’t say I regret it when I see so many people that needed to be taken care of getting that. We have better infrastructure in place so that no one slips through the cracks. This world is thriving more than the other one was, and I know I’m supposed to miss it, but when I see Peter and Bucky so happy? So content and taken care of? How can I argue that we need to go back to our other world? This one is perfect.”
“Could we get a portion of kids pancakes, and two full breakfasts please?”
Peter shook his head, remaining silent as Tony worked the baby-friendly shampoo into his hair.
“Don’t like that I have to go for your heats. Was it really bad?” He knew his Dad had a tough time with his heats.
Peter nodded against his chest. “Uh-huh. Mama told me. You’re an adult. The rules are different. I just didn’t know. I’m sorry Harley.”
“Dad! I’m home! Where are you?” Peter called, looking around the living room for his Dad. His heat was finally over and Peter wanted a cuddle. He hated being away from his Dad for so long. He even asked Aunt May to move into the tower so he wouldn’t have to go between the two houses.
Which meant he was going trick or treating and getting so much sweets that he be on a sugar high for a month! It was one of the rare occasions that his Dad and Papa let him have sugary food and he was super happy about it. Of course there were a few stipulations as always. They had to go through the bag and if anything was deemed ‘pure sugar’ then he wasn’t allowed to have it, no matter how much he begged. Papa said he’d collect him today instead of Happy so they could go straight to the tower and get ready while they waited on Dad to be finished in his meeting.  Nothing could get him down today! Not even Flash and his snide comments could make him lose the buzz he was on. He looked at the clock impatiently, why did time seem to be moving extra slow today? Didn’t anyone know he had some sugary goodness to get to.
“Yeah, baby?”
“You’re the best avenger, even better than Mama and Papa.” He said, ignoring his parent's outrage, cheering when Bucky took out a bag of sweets that he knew Peter loved. He poured the ranchero’s he made Nat pick him up along with Maom bars and Meanies into the bucket. Peter might as well get all of his favourite foreign sweets since he was going to have a lot of the American ones that were filled with sugar.
Harley cringed, he could see how Peter could construe that as them ignoring him in the car. They had mostly spoken to one another and not Peter unless he inserted himself into the conversation. They had to try to make it up to the sensitive boy before he got too upset. Tony and Harley hated when Peter was upset with them.
“No way.”
It took five long days for Peter and Bucky to get over their illness. Steve and Tony were exhausted by the end of it. It felt like clockwork; Peter would throw up, cry, have a bath and fall asleep. Just as he fell, asleep Bucky would start. And on and on it went until they got over the worst of it. All that was left now was some fatigue and clinginess. They learnt the hard way that if Steve left the room, Bucky would scream bloody murder until he came back in.
Once it was Papa having to go on a mission, the time after that Dad got the vomiting bug which then a week later gave Peter it after that was the annual Stark Industry gala which was taking over the news.
“Well as fun as this is to watch, I’d like some answers?” Bucky finally spoke up from where he was silently sitting the past hour waiting for Peter to wake up. He didn’t want to admit it but he was pretty tired himself and could probably do with a lie down as well. Not that he’d tell them that. It looked like Tony and Steve were one step away from treating him like Peter and that just wasn’t going to happen. He needed to know more about this world first. The memories he has of here are confusing out of context and he feels like he’s just missing a huge chunk of time.
“Calm down. I have them right here.” Steve said, picking up a bag with Peter’s name on it.
“Okay, straight to my floor then J.” No point stopping in the common room, Steve would have him stripped and hanging off his knot in less time than it would have taken Tony to say hello. Not that Tony would object that was. He could feel himself getting wetter even thinking of Steve and his Alpha cock. No, the worse thing about it was that Steve would have no shame and wouldn’t just keep it to the privacy of his bedroom, no, he’d take him anywhere he saw fit. It was a hangover from Steve’s time when Omega’s were taken where ever their Alpha saw fit. Nowadays that was reserved for ‘traditionalists’, and Tony Stark was anything but traditional. It was one of the reasons he hid from Steve every heat. Of course, he took all the Omega jewellery and accepted his hand at courtship but he just knew if he saw or smelled Steve it would be all over. He would give in and then he’d be mated. Don’t get him wrong, he wanted to mate with Steve, the only problem was that he had a tiny problem with relinquishing control and the problem with traditional Alpha’s were that they needed to have the control. Steve had told Tony some of what would be expected of him when (Tony was well aware he said
“You ready for this part? You’re going to have an unhappy boy on your hands after it.” Cho said to Tony who simply moved the diaper to the side so she could get it over it.
Steve chuckled, stroking Tony’s cock as he contemplated how to answer without Tony going crazy.
Peter whined this wasn’t going his way at all. Maybe if he turned the tears on? He glanced over at Bucky and saw that he was crying and Daddy had still put him in the car seat. That’s that plan gone. That was good to know, his parents were heartless. Poor Bucky’s face was all red and his nose even had snots! Daddy was trying to give him a pacifier but Bucky just kept crying and shouting no at him. Did Bucky not know how amazing paci’s were?
“Peter if you’re not liking school you know we can go back to private tutors?” Steve hated sending him to school and would be more than happy to have him at home all day. Peter just shook his head though.
Peter hummed as they waited on the elevator, “Papa, do you think I’ll get loads of sweets?”
He was rudely awakened by someone gently shaking his shoulder, another hand was rubbing his back.
Peter was shaken awake and couldn’t help but groan, he
“Bassinet.” He answered helpfully once Mama finished talking.
Peter groaned again, ignoring the laughs of his parents. “Do you not want to answer your Q and A?”
“Isn’t Mama the best boys?” Peter and Bucky both nodded. Mama was the best.
Steve took it and tucked it around Peter as he snoozed, cuddling into the warmth of the blanket, his purring not stopping for a second. Steve had heard that pup’s when content, purred as well. He had never seen Peter do it but it might just be the cutest thing he’d ever seen.
“That’s not really how it works honey but once his goes through the test we’ll know where we stand okay?” He said, as if it was the most normal thing in the world and Bucky wasn’t about to have a meltdown.
sense of self-preservation?
He obviously said the right thing because Tony’s shoulders fell from their defensive position, and he cuddled deeper into Steve.
“Bottom is red but no issue there,” Bruce said, brushing his ass before pulling his cheeks apart. Clint flushed at the smell of his own scent hit him. He heard Bucky inhale deeply and could feel his erection poking his side. “Okay Clint, I’m going to put two fingers in to check back here,” Bruce warned before he felt Bruce’s fingers placed against his hole. Two of them sinking in easily. “Good amount of slick,” Bruce’s fingers pushed in further angling up and Clint couldn’t help but buck up into his hand, moaning loudly. Bruce had just nailed his prostate and the pleasure blackened his vision. Feeling Bruce stretch his two fingers and pushing against his prostate had him trying to ride the fingers, getting a laugh from Bucky.
The rest of the class gasped. While everyone sort of knew that he was Tony Stark’s kid, there was still many that didn’t believe him, mostly because they hadn’t gotten around to doing a press conference.
Tony ran a hand through Peter’s curls, “He sure did baby. I was watching the questions come in during a super boring meeting. Pepper is not happy with me.”
“Remember as well. I want this hard at all time for me.” Steve gave Tony’s cock a pump, causing him to whine. He was already hard, he didn’t need a reminder. His stupid body was loving the humiliation of being naked and around other people.
“No uncle Clint, Mama got me these as a joke but they’re really cosy so I like wearing them for my after school sleep. My costume is so much better.”
“It’s going to be a long week if you give out about everything I want you to do, now bend over. I want to keep you open at all times for me.”
Tony and Harley shared a look over Peter’s head. Peter wasn’t subtle in his jealousy but at the same time, he was completely oblivious to it.
“Shh, it’s okay sweetheart. I’ll take care of you.” He positioned Tony so that he was draped over the unoccupied armchair, pushing his legs out wide enough so that his hole winked at him, slick making it glisten. Steve took a moment to look at it before sinking the whole way in a single plunge. Tony moaned out the second he felt Steve enter him, clutching the armrest, his cock brushing against the fabric of the sofa with every inward thrust making him crave the slight brush.
Tony huffed out a breath, “Who are you telling? I’ll never take peeing alone for granted again.” He loved his kids, but he’d instead, they never got sick again.
“Wh- What’s goin’ on?” He mumbled, not happy at being moved.
Although if he was being strictly honest, he wouldn’t mind taking a few aspects of this life with him, such as Tony and Steve being his parents and having a little brother as cute as Jamie. He didn’t need the whole baby thing though. He was wearing a diaper for goodness sake, one that he was adamant he wasn’t going to use in any way! He’d demand they bring him to the bathroom. Then there was the fact that he wasn’t allowed to call Tony and Steve anything besides Mama and Dada. He blushed thinking about it. Every time he tried to call them Steve or Tony though all that came out was Dada and Mama. As if his brain couldn’t wrap his head around the words at all. This was hurting his brain. He needed to stop thinking about it.
“I’d never keep you away from your lab Tones. I know how you get when you can’t go down there. All I’m saying is that you’ll be seeing a lot of me this week for your training. So no matter where you are in the tower, including the lab, be prepared that you’ll more than likely end up being fucked.” Steve bent down and kissed his neck when he felt Tony relax back into him.
“Yeah, we’re starting it today. I thought that we’d start easy with you and Clint here, work up to a bigger room full of people you know? Maybe even see if he can manage it with Peter there.”
“Scary.”
“Can I do a Q and A?”
He knew he’d have to get tested eventually but he never imagined it would be in the kitchen with Steve looking over him as Tony rode him. It was all very surreal to Clint but might as well get it done now. One glance at Bruce showed he was ready to go. A tap to his hip got his attention pulled back to Bucky who was giving him a no-nonsense stare.
Peter let his Mama dry and diaper him, not putting up a fight this time, not even when cream was smeared on his penis and bottom. He did blush at it though, which caught his Mama’s notice.
“I don’t see why we have to wear them. They look cute on Peter but a bit ridiculous on me.” He complained, trying to pull them on.
Okay. So turns out, putting a t-shirt on is not that easy. He got his head stuck in the armhole way too many times before he was able to finally get it into the head hole. Putting his arms in was worse. They just would not cooperate with him at all! He felt a bit like a mummy. It took way longer than it should of but eventually, he was able to get his two arms into the top, sighing with success.
Peter’s eyes widened as he looked around wildly. “Where is it? Papa? Where is it?” He cried, looking around.
Peter nodded sullenly, ignoring Harley grinning at him. He supposed he’d have to make do with lab time with Harley this weekend. That would be fun. He could probably even wrangle a later bedtime. He knew his Dad would cave if he asked. He just had to make sure Papa wasn’t around to make sure he went to bed early, which was doable because Papa wasn’t a huge fan of the lab and liked his alone time when they were busy there.
Tony let out a little sigh of relief, opening his arms for Peter to cuddle into him, smiling when a damp head hit his chest. “Of course not. He’s devastated thinking you don’t like him anymore. He asked Steve would it be better if he went.”
“I don’t think Papa would be too happy with that Baby.”
His no-nonsense look got a laugh out of Mama, the sound making Peter’s tummy warm.
Papa look! Look at how much I have! I’m going to be eating this for months! I won’t ever need to eat sweets ever- ever” A yawn cut through the middle of his sentence. “ again!” he finally finished.
“Do you want to help me find Dada and Jamie?” Peter nodded absently, more distracted with how cosy he felt. He supposed it couldn’t be that bad if he felt this comfortable?
“You’re right. It’s too soon for people to know who you are properly. This will be a good way to start it off, no need to tell people straight away though.” Tony cautioned as he handed Peter the phone to let him enter his name, smiling when he saw what he wrote.
“Thanks, bug.”
“When will Dad be home? Will he be ready to go on time? I don’t want to miss trick or treating. Are our costumes ready?” He asked, not waiting for an answer before asking his next question. In the end, Steve had to raise his voice to be heard over him.
“Yo Penis! Where are you off to in such a hurry? It’s not like anyone is waiting at home for you.” He said, standing directly in front of Peter.
“Hey! You’re Doctor Cho!” Peter exclaimed, now positive that his Mama owned the place.
“Yes, Karen told me how excited you were.” Karen was Peter’s personal AI that Tony made for him for his rooms in the tower and complex.
Peter huffed but sat down into it. It was really soft. He’d give his Dad points for that; it was way comfier than regular seats in the car.
“Mama?”
Let me know what you think of this chapter! Make sure to follow me on twitter and as always comments and kudos are much appreciated
After the first few hiccups, lunch went quickly and before Peter knew it he was lifted out of the highchair and were leaving. The waitress thanked Mama again. Peter waved from his Mama’s arms, trying not to yawn. He was really sleepy.
Mama just laughed though and kissed Peter’s curls. “Of course you’re not behind. You’re my son.”
“I have a name I want to use Mama. I assume I can’t use Peter.” Peter piped up when it got to the naming part. Tony was just going to put in Stark Jr or something along those lines, but if Peter wanted to put a name down he was fine with that.
Steve and Tony shared a look and nodded, before Tony took his original seat beside Natasha while Steve went and settled beside Bucky, giving him a gentle smile as he put a comforting arm around his shoulders. It made Bucky clench his teeth but not say anything, well used to how Steve was to know he’d be hurt if Bucky tried to know his arm off.
They had all thought once Peter and Bucky got their memories back from the other world, they would have a fight on their hands. Peter had accepted it a lot quicker than they thought he would. Still, Tony did remember that he was an affectionate child in the other world. Always hugging and cuddling every chance he got. Tony wasn’t blind because Peter looked up to him and saw him as a father figure. It was why he was able to slide into his role as ‘Mama’ so quickly.
Okay so short chapter I know. The next one is going to be super long though so this is just a set up chapter really. Let me know what you think. Comments and kudos are much appreciated as usual :)
When Harley
Steve and Tony shared another, more intimate look before Tony turned back to Peter. “We love you too, bambino. More than anything.” And if they both saw Peter smiling a bit, neither one said it. All just enjoying the silence of each other’s company at the end of a successful Halloween.
“C-Cause Jamie was sleepy and you wouldn’t listen to me when I called you. Why?” Peter sounded heartbroken that his Mama would forget him.
Then he felt the pinch of the needle going into his bottom and whipped his head around to Dr Cho. He thought the doctor was nice but that was obviously a big fat lie. He felt his lower lip tremble as the pain of the shot set in.
People were only beginning to file out of the exit when they got there. They made it to the gate just in time to see Harley coming through, bag slung over one of his shoulders, sunglasses perched on top of his head. Peter thought he looked like the coolest person he’d ever seen and vibrated excitedly beside his Dad until Harley was close enough. His hand was finally freed and Peter took off running into Harley’s open arms, giggling when Harley twirled him around. He heard the shutter of a camera going off and hoped it was his Dad’s and not some creep.
“Trick or treat.”
Peter just jerked his head once. Not saying anything else, just staring with a wariness that Tony hated. He didn’t want Peter to ever look at him that way.
Steve and Tony moved closer together so Peter could get a photo of them, Tony putting up bunny ears on Steve’s head and Steve nudging Tony in the ribs because he knew what Tony was up to, causing Tony to lean forward slightly, laughing. Peter snapped the picture quickly, delighted with the way it turned out.
Steve grinned down at Tony who was still growling lowly. He took hold of his cock, effectively stopping Tony’s anger by distracting him.
BuzzFeed
Trancifer
Tony pretended to think about it. “Hmm, I guess I did. Let’s get back to the car and I’ll see what I can do about that situation. I think Harley might have something for you.”
His eyes widened when he saw that the chair also swivelled to make it easier to put them in.
Steve looked at his upset Omega up and down. He couldn’t see the issue. It was the third day into Tony’s heat and Steve felt stable enough that he might not kill the others around his Omega. Tony looked amazing, tousled hair, sleepy eyes, flushed cheeks, tanned body, his mating bite on full display along and his cock standing proudly up.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter couldn’t believe that they let Dr Cho stab Bucky in the butt! Weren’t they supposed to be avengers? Protecting people was literally their job and now his poor baby brother was sore. Peter couldn’t help the tears the strung to his eyes either. That needle was
Finally, Bucky nodded his head and Peter gave a happy wiggle. He was so happy. He now had a baby brother called Jamie. He didn’t care if everyone else called him Bucky, Peter felt that using actual names were important.
