I'm sorry if the actual decision felt a little weird, I don't really know how to make this part of the story flow around and so it ended up funky. Let me know if you have any ideas on how to fit these pieces together.
Sherlock walked toward the body and was, dare he say it, slightly shocked at the gruesome way the womans body was mangled. Half her hair ripped out and legs shot to nubs, arms broken at contorted angles, giving her an almost tree like look.
An egg and bacon sandwich?" "Of course Annabell."  Annabell went to the coffee machine, starting a fresh pot.
It's around twelve at night when Sherlock hears a loud thump from upstairs, he quickly grabs a dressing gown and races up, Annabell his first priority. She's fallen off the bed, drenched in sweat and pale, crying choked off sobs. Swooping Down toward her he gathers her in his arms, making soothing hushing noises which only suffices to make her cry more and continuously say she's sorry, despite this not being any of her fault. "Hush now love, there's no point saying sorry, it won't do any good." At this point John is in the room and is just standing there quietly. "Anything I can get you Annabell?" "S-some warm milk would be nice." "Alright then I'll go warm some up." Sherlock mouthed a silent thank you to John before turning his attention back to Annabell. At this point she had stopped crying and was now quietly sniffling. "Well love do you want to tell me what that was all about?" "No." "Okay then, just know I love you okay?" She nodded lightly before shakily pushing herself off the ground. Following behind her Sherlock smelt the soothing aroma of warm milk with vanilla and cinnamon.
Sherlock simply gave Lestrade a searing glare before walking toward the girl with John just a few steps behind him.
Sherlock walked over to John and whispered quietly before proceeding to get his ears raped by a loud exclamation of, "What the fuck Sherlock!?" "Out of all people this is where you decide to care?" "A thirteen year old girl?" "Quiet down John, and yes I suppose this is where I finally decide to care, as you put it." "Now come on, let's get Annabell and get back to the flat, we have lots to prepare for.
:No actually it isn't, I'd like to keep Annabell with us for a little while, she doesn't have any relatives and I'd rather not see her go into child care."
This is a flashback from Annabell's point of view. Also I hope it got across but Annabell is about 13 years old.
Sherlock turned around, now pointing his attention to the girl who sat a few feet away. Moving closer to her he sat down, asking a simple question. "So what's your name?"
I'm so so sorry for not updating, time has really not been on my side and when I do have it, I'm too exhausted to use it for anything other than sleeping.
John is just finished pouring the milk into mugs when Sherlock and Annabell get downstairs and he quickly makes room on the coffee table, the only partially clean eating space they have on account of John had to fight Sherlock about the fact that they need somewhere to eat that doesn't have a poison risk. Annabell sits quietly down on the sofa where Sherlock takes a slightly defensive looking position at her side. John hands them their mugs and settles down in what is normally Sherlock's arm chair. Patiently he waits for someone to start a conversation and when nobody does, he turns on the TV, surfing through the channels to find something decent and child friendly to watch. Eventually he stops on Doctor who, the only show he can find that Annabell can actually watch and Sherlock won't turn his nose up at. "So Annabell, ever seen Doctor who before?" "Very rarely but I quite like it, mother wouldn't let us watch shows very often." John is not surprised at this fact but it still saddens him.
Sorry about the wait, life's been pretty hectic lately. I've been getting migranes alot and the usual knee pain so its throwing me some curveballs
Hope you like this one, I apologize for my chapters being so short, I'm just not in a place where I could make mega long ones, these take a while as is. I pre write them first before writing them on here so it takes time. Also I get cramps from holding my phone while typing for too long so that's something.
She said this with a huff of a laugh,clearly used to the situation by now. "Not very helpful now am I?"
"Well Annabell it's nice to meet you, I'm John and over there is my partner Sherlock, we're not with the police and we won't disclose any information you don't want us to. Now then, how about I start by asking who's that snuggled up in your arms?" There was a small gray blob in her arms, obviously some sort of stuffed animal, clearly old and well loved.
John moved slowly down to the body, clearly uncomfortable with getting too close to it but ignoring that instinct for loyalty of the job. "Seems like she was shot with a pistol, other than that it was just brute force.
“Oh, you are eager tonight,” Sherlock commented, his fingers tickling and teasing John’s opening as his captive tried not to squirm too wantonly. After a moment, Sherlock stopped his teasing strokes, and John felt him lean away to pick up something from the end table on his own side of the bed. Sherlock sat up to slide the cock ring onto John’s straining erection with the hand that did not have the glove on.
His only escape would be if… an idea occurred to John that was shocking in its simplicity. What if Sherlock BELIEVED the chip had been removed? Even if it hadn’t. He’d stop trying to track John via GPS if he thought it was useless. John lay for a moment, blinking rapidly in the dark. Yes. Well, maybe.
Sherlock’s stomach did some strange shift inside him, and suddenly it was oddly difficult to breath. He lowered the gun and with a jerk of his head, communicated to henchman number one that Hassim was free to go. The boy skittered out of sight to some unseen exit, hair practically on end. Sherlock placed the gun on the floor. Then he turned back to John, hands up in supplication. “He’s free, John.”
Now, Sherlock slid the cock ring off. “Beg,” he recommended, eyes alight, his mouth hovering over John’s erection.
In fact, he was a little affronted at how tardy Sherlock was in coming to claim his prize. John had imagined Sherlock chasing him through the underground, waiting with a cold, triumphant smile at every Tube station, whirling around corners with that jacket flaring out, only a few moments behind him at any given time.
And now they were back where they were, and Sherlock had no card left to play, unless… his eyes ran along the length of the beam, and back to John.
Sherlock eyed John, turned to glance over Hassim, and back up to John again. “I don’t think you’d commit suicide over a complete stranger, John—“ he began. But John let go of his steadying grasp on the joist and pulled the ball cap from his head. Then he let it fall wordlessly.
He returned to the loo and left John lying, still bound, to think that over. It wasn’t a comfortable thought. Sherlock phrased it like a compromise, but what it really meant was,
John released a throaty whimper involuntarily, and Sherlock smirked in triumph. “Very well, then.” He pushed a slick finger inside and began working it vigorously. John groaned into the pillow, and Sherlock took it as an invitation to work his second finger in. There was an unaccustomed rhythm developing, John’s feverish mind noted. Sherlock was thrusting in with more force than usual, but withdrawing very slowly and carefully, almost letting the pressure of John’s body push his fingers out. But then, the re-entry was firm and aggressive.
Sherlock steepled his fingers under his chin and stared off into the middle distance beyond the cabinetry of his kitchen. There was something very odd about that bundle: shirt, chip, razor, wrapper. He shook his head slowly. Something very odd about it.
Perhaps John had kept the chip with him to help mask the identity of whoever had aided him? Sherlock sat back in his leather chair by the fireplace. Yes… yes, that fit John’s moral profile. He would be anxious not to see another Angelo die in a hail of bullets. Grimly, Sherlock brooded that Angelo had been lucky compared to the sorry chap who dared to help John Watson. He’d put the word out nearly a year ago:
“Tell me I’m wonderful, John,” Sherlock sucked briefly on the purple head just by his mouth, and looked up at John, who was digging the side of his head into the pillow.
Swallowing, John lowered himself to the bed and lay on his left side, his back to Sherlock, his hands up obediently by the cuffs. He felt the bed dip as Sherlock knelt behind him on the mattress. “Hands in the cuffs now, John, don’t be lazy and force me to do everything for you.”
Now the two men faced each other, high up beneath the ceiling of the warehouse, alone together in a world of metal beams that came together in triangular fractals that seemed to recede on all sides. Sherlock came to stand on the same beam, at the far end, and—like John—reached out to steady himself on the nearest joist. John felt the faintest vibration of Sherlock’s foot stepping onto the beam his own feet rested on.
“Hassim?” The boy said, in that rising intonation the entire younger generation had, as if he wasn’t sure of his own name, but really meant, of course, “Why do you ask?”
Sherlock entered the warehouse slowly, and turned when what looked like a foreman approached. “Oi, you can’t just come in ‘ere—izzat yer mate up there? Get ‘im down and get outta ‘ere!” The man barked. Sherlock stared him up and down for a second, turned to his phone, and sent a text.
“I suppose you want to go to the store and get more,” Sherlock said calmly, eyes never leaving his screen.
John swallowed. “Sherlock,” he said tremulously, “that’s dangerous, that’s… the human body isn’t meant to… Jesus, at least tell me you’ve Googled prolapsed anus!”
Sherlock lifted his brows. The towel dangled loosely in his hands as his eyes flicked over his naked prisoner. “Well,” he said at last. “It seems you have a Safeword now.”
Sherlock released him but held up his hand, and brought John’s by the wrist to flatten their hands together. “Palm to palm is holy palmers kiss,” Sherlock quoted lazily, and John noted how much larger and bonier Sherlock’s hand was than his own. By the unholy little smile curving the pink lips, his captor was satisfied that John had taken note.
John gave him a haunted look. “It would serve you bloody right,” he told him, taking his position and moving his hands down to the end of the stick.
Sherlock tipped his head thoughtfully. “You never tell me how wonderful I am, John,” he said lightly, and pushed his fist a tiny bit higher into his captive. John jerked as if he’d received an electrical shock and groaned, sweating and trembling with the force of the sensations zinging through him.
, very good, Sherlock, now just… just STOP a minute. Just…. God, how are you going to— you have to let me think!” John stuttered.
John shook his head adamantly. His eyes were pinched shut and his hair was as mussed as short hair could be. Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. Suddenly he had a new goal. Make John say, “I love you.”
John was too busy blinking at the space over his head and pulling in lungfuls of air to respond for a moment.
“I think you love me,” Sherlock corrected him, and pushed in deeper. John threw his head back and opened his mouth in a soundless scream. “Don’t you?” Sherlock added, jiggling his arm a bit and watching in aroused amusement as John writhed in reaction. “Say it,” Sherlock added challengingly. This would be rather a lark, wringing such a declaration from John.
Turning back, he returned to the bin and gently retrieved the shirt. There would be clues as to who had helped John remove that chip. Fingerprints. DNA. He wrapped the shirt around the razor and the chip and fled the park.
“If I fall, I suppose you would be free,” Sherlock suggested, glancing down to the concrete far below, and then back up again with burning eyes.
After a moment, John located what looked like a stick with a small hook that he supposed the workers used to pull at items beyond their reach. It was about six feet long, and somewhat thicker than a broom handle. John climbed down into a bin for it, and then pulled himself back up onto the beam, somewhat awkwardly, clutching the pole. Sherlock leaned against the joist nearest him, pulling his black leather gloves back on.
Sherlock smiled. “I know,” he purred into John’s short, mussed blond hair. He held the other man tight for a moment, and then reached into his pocket for his mobile. He made a quick call—
John turned his head and gave a rebellious glance up at the half-naked man looming over him. Graceful, beautiful, monstrous. “I have one thing left to give of my own free will, Sherlock, and I’m not giving it to you,” he finally managed.
John silently slid his hands into the cuffs, and watched despairingly as Sherlock’s nimble fingers tightened them to fit his wrists, and fastened the buckles firmly. Now his hands were up by his face, and he could have buried his face in those hands if he wanted to, but he was more intent upon watching Sherlock. The other man leaned over him to reach the bedside table on the far side, and with his (unfairly) long, well-shaped arm, pulled open the drawer, and plucked out a single latex glove.
Receiving no answer, Sherlock decided that amounted to tacit consent, went to the far side, and began climbing. John stood on the beam, held the joist, bit his lip… and watched as the dark figure scaled the storage bins like a vampire crawling up the side of a castle wall. Not at all an inappropriate image, he decided bleakly, and his hands began to sweat when Sherlock was finally at the top, pulling himself up, pausing to dust off his hands, and then moving carefully up into the rafters.
“Those aren’t the choices, John,” Sherlock said, and then without further ado, spread his arms and began the final steps.
“Here is my proposal,” Sherlock said, lips parting in his own version of heightened emotion. “If I cross this last section successfully, you come into my arms. You put yours around me, you put your head on my shoulder. You admit that you… are… mine.”
“Well, John,” Sherlock did not have to shout now, only to raise his voice somewhat to carry across the divide. “It seems we are at an impasse.”
Sherlock’s amusement vanished when he realized that the focus of their attention was a rather small, compact but erect figure in a blue jacket and ball cap, who stood balanced on a solid beam traversing the overhead, just under a skylight. His left hand rested lightly on a joist running perpendicular, and his feet were positioned near a support column, but… it was John, and his perch was precarious. Above him was the vaulted, corrugated tin ceiling. Below him was 60 meters of air and a concrete floor. He was staring down at Sherlock, face impassive.
“We don’t want lube on your cock, John, because once my fist is inside you, I’ll be sucking on it.” Sherlock informed him, eyes icy hot. John made a guttural noise, but managed to squelch it quickly. Sherlock smiled. “You’ll be more vocal soon, I promise you.”
Behind him, Sherlock spoke quietly, but with warning steel entering his voice, “Whenever you make me wait, I wonder if you’re teasing me. Challenging me to greater heights to prove my mastery over you.”
By 10am, after a sleepless night of sending messages, studying the razor and shirt, and staring at his mental map of London, Sherlock had finally turned to brooding over the microchip itself. This fortunate chip had been implanted in John’s flesh for months. His invisible leash. Sherlock’s security against panicked flight. His badge of ownership. Sherlock brought it to his nose, eyes closed, to inhale the scent of John’s muscle and skin and blood.
Making less effort to be stealthy now, John unwrapped the bread and popped two pieces into the toaster. Just in case.
Sherlock lifted his eyes to John’s face without moving his head. John stared back as boldly and flatly as he could. “Leaving the front door unguarded?” Sherlock queried lightly. “That would be unwise, as some simple-minded fellow could accidentally wander off without proper supervision.”
“I’m flattered that you want to die in my arms, John, but I wasn’t planning to fulfill that particular fantasy tonight,” Sherlock responded, and his head tipped back to watch John’s mind whir about like a rat in a maze.
With a jerk of his head, Sherlock directed one of the henchmen to take Hassim in a headlock. The young man let out a gasp, and his hands came up to grip the other man’s thick arm, but he did not otherwise react, seeming uncertain that this was really happening.
But he was taking the bloody thing back to 221B with him! Therefore, any glance at his phone would show that while the chip was heading for Baker Street, the signal was still in Regent’s Park. Cursing, John waited till the car pulled away and then scrambled down the tree with shaking hands to retrieve his coat. This meant he’d better stay as close to Sherlock as possible until he could imagine that Sherlock had truly ceased to monitor the chip on his mobile. He sprinted through the park and prayed that Sherlock would not look at his mobile again until John was hunched in the back corner of Speedy’s, nursing a cup of coffee with his back to the window.
“Well, I wouldn’t send such a simple-minded fellow to the store alone either.” John retorted immediately.
“John!” Sherlock now called up to the silent figure balanced on the beam, watching this development with a sort of grim blankness.
“No witnesses,” Sherlock said invitingly. “You can leave my body lying on the floor and slip out the back.”
John prayed. It was going to get ugly no matter what. Even if he said what Sherlock wanted, the next goal would be to make him mean it. Somehow.
With a small, cool smile of triumph, Sherlock crossed the final steps and reached John, putting one hand on the joist beside them, and wrapping the other around his prize.
“John, if you don’t come down, I’ll have to splatter this poor boy’s brains all over the wall,” Sherlock called up, eyes riveted on his partner.
Sherlock fell back in horror. That beam stretched over nothing, and there was nothing to grasp for long stretches between girders. “No, John, no, no… stop,” he shouted, “I’m stopping, I won’t—“ Sherlock backed away rapidly, and John stared down at him meaningfully.
“Stop this,” John whispered brokenly. “Just stop. Don’t make me choose between your life and my own.”
“No,” he heard John say, and immediately the smaller man let go of the joist again and looked as if he were going to attempt to cross the beam to the other side of the warehouse.
“I want you to be able to turn over and back at will tonight, John. But we must make sure that your hands don’t get in the way of mine,” Sherlock said at his side. “Down you go now,” he added, with a gentle push on John’s back.
“Say it,” he demanded, refusing to touch John’s cock again. But he made the mistake of pushing in just another millimeter with his fist, and John convulsed, his entire body seizing up and gripping down on the hand inside him, and his orgasm went supernova.
John stared down for a moment and felt the blood begin to travel to his nether regions. One of the more shameful truths he’d been forced to face in the last year was that the very sight of restraints made the mechanisms in his head shift to a lower gear.
Obediently, John turned the light on, and did his best to keep his demeanor light and pleasant, as if he refused to be frightened. “So I don’t suppose it’s the sort of activity one does with their clothes on,” he said boldly, and began undressing.
After nearly a year of captivity, it was the little things that John had learned to dread. When Sherlock stopped flicking through God-knows-what on his phone and lifted his eyes to rest them on John. And then held them there for a moment. And then the moment stretched long, and longer still.
“I don’t have to jump. I just have to let go, take a few steps out on the beam, and close my eyes. I’ll lose my balance. Even if I change my mind, well… won’t matter much at that point, will it?” His demeanor became less firm, more… weary. Matter of fact. “It will be beyond my control at that point.”
“Of course,” John said, trying for a tone that was light, dry, bitter, polite, frosty, and ironic, all in two syllables. He was still staring at his novel, but his head tipped the way it did when his spine and neck had tensed up, and his teeth wanted to clench, but he was fighting it. Sherlock waited, diverted, to see if John would look up first, or turn the page. He was going to do one of them in the next 10 seconds, because Sherlock’s lack of response (and steady stare) was stripping John’s nerves bare, and some sort of restless movement was forthcoming.
His ruminations usually failed him at that. But now, laying awake at 3am as Sherlock slept beside him, John was spurred by a new fear (and anger) that Sherlock actually had the gall to wring a declaration of love from him by painful means. John returned mentally to the problem of the chip.
John’s inner voice said in a weary tone. Whatever little battle John was mounting was lost before it started.
John couldn’t think of an immediate reply, and didn’t try. There was a certain resolve growing in him, that perhaps he did indeed have the courage to take his ending into his own hands. He didn’t want to. He could imagine a future for himself, one without Sherlock. But if it wasn’t an option…
“What a good sport you are, John. It’s wonderful how you’ve adapted,” Sherlock said mockingly, and shrugged off his own jacket, turning away to unbutton his shirt and divest himself of his perfectly tailored second skin. When John was naked and Sherlock was, unsurprisingly, in comfortable pajama bottoms but shirtless, John noticed an alteration to the bed. The corner restraints that so often awaited him had been replaced by a single chain in the top center of the bed. The chain disappeared down between the mattress and headboard, probably hooked to the frame beneath. At the business end were two leather cuffs. Whatever event Sherlock had planned for tonight, having John’s arms spread out in the usual manner was no part of it.
“Until I know you’re enjoying yourself, John, I hate to go any further,” He said with exaggerated politeness… while he tickled John’s hole until John was actually moving his hips as if trying to press himself onto those long, taunting fingers. John buried his face in the pillow, biting down harder on his lips. He wanted more, God yes, he wanted more. But he didn’t want as much as Sherlock was planning. His heart beat harder with fear at the very thought.
John’s eyes widened immediately, and of course, Sherlock noticed. “My, my, John. What big eyes you have. I had no idea they could stretch so wide. What a hopeful sign,” he breathed, and pulled the latex glove onto his right hand with a snap. Then he tugged the ends high up on his arm
Immediately breaking a sweat, John threw himself out of his chair, sprinted to the bedroom, and yanked his clothes on over his pajamas. Then, on impulse, he pulled another button down shirt on over the blue one he already had on. Then a third, a white and burgundy checked one that was rather eye-catching. Without hesitating, he turned and made for the closet where his jacket hung. He heard the water turn on in the shower as he flew out the door and pattered down the steps to fling himself out the front door.
“I could have died in Afghanistan,” John said aloud, more to himself than Sherlock, but by the brief narrowing of the silver eyes that regarded him from the other side of their metal web, it was clear that his remark was audible. “Perhaps I was supposed to,” he mused, following his own train of thought. “and I didn’t, and these last few years have just been extra.”
“Let’s have a little competition, shall we?” Sherlock suggested suddenly, eyes wide and interested. John’s heart thudded unpleasantly. “I’m going to take a shower while you run to the store. By the time I’m dressed and ready to go out, if you’re back with the jam, I’ll give you a reward.” Sherlock beamed at him for a moment. “And if you are not back with jam by the time I’m ready…” his eyes flicked down to the screen for a second, and then back to John, “You’ll give me one.”
Sherlock lowered his mobile slowly, his eyes flitting from the boxes piled on the storage frames nearest John, to the forklift below, to the truss girders running parallel to his lover’s perch. This was a very unstable situation. This was… bad.
Sherlock stepped into the street and summoned the car with a wave of one long, gloved hand. In the other hand, his phone reassured him that John had not budged. It was late afternoon and growing very cool. A quick survey of John’s closet before leaving had showed him that three shirts were missing, so clearly John had put a bit of thought into his flight, even in his haste. Sherlock settled into the back seat and directed the driver toward Regent Park.
He visualized John in the park, replacing his band-aid, shirtless. How? How would he reach it? And in full view of passers-by? No, no, even if he managed it, he’d do it in the privacy of the restroom, and that would be where the wrapper would be disposed of.
He checked back at the pattern on his mobile to see roughly where John had been 15 minutes before arriving at the Park. Then he dispatched messages to his homeless network to find when, and where, and who could have possibly removed the chip and sent a bloody, bandaged man back onto the Tube clutching his shirt…
Sherlock gazed at John, much closer now. “Would you have been upset if I had fallen, John?” He called out.
John placed his hand on the joist again and stared down at Sherlock. “Let the kid go, Sherlock,” he said, voice firm.
John awoke in the morning with a start. He was curled up, fully dressed, arms wrapped around himself protectively. He glanced around, taking stock of his situation. He was lying on a bare mattress in the homeless shelter, surrounded by other snoring fellows in apparel that ranged from designer wear to rags. John sniffed and blinked himself into full alertness. Not really that early … 7ish? Quiet, though. Concrete walls, barred windows. Barracks like. Bulletin board littered with notices about help programs, and phone numbers, and such like.
“Are you listenin’ t me ya poncy bastard? Get this—“ Suddenly, another employee stepped up and whispered in the fellow’s ear. He listened, paled, and took several steps back. “Oh, say, I didn’t know oo ye were,” he began.
Sherlock hesitated, really not wanting to relinquish the one thing he felt John would respond to: an innocent victim. “And if I do not?” He asked.
“Don’t,” John said seriously. He couldn’t have said why he was reacting this way. He should hope the bastard fell. But all he could feel was the terror of seeing the man who had been his whole world for nearly a year—whether he’d wanted it that way or no—dangling his beauty, his intellect, his style, his grace, his witty evil terrifying self over a yawning abyss that would swallow him up in a second.
John lay chewing on his lower lip. His post-orgasmic haze was dissolving into low-grade panic. If he knew Sherlock, John had about 18 hours to avert a horror show. That, or brace himself to bear whatever a psychopathic genius could dream up. John closed his eyes, imagining Sherlock with sounding probes and an electrical current, both together. His legs twitched with terror at the very thought.
Abruptly, John got to his feet. “Well, in that case, might as well get started, hm? You must have everything in order, just waiting for me, right?” John stared him down and then reached out a hand as if to help Sherlock out of his chair. “Let’s get to it then.”
And then there was a rumbling, and the container grew dark as they pulled the door closed and locked it. John had never been so glad to be locked in a dark container, alone. He pushed the cloth off his face and waited for a few more moments. To his soaring joy, the truck started up with a roar, and he felt himself pulling away from the shopping center.
Oh, this was-- “Clever, John,” he actually breathed. And then his mind went into overdrive, playing out his options.
“Please, Sherlock, please, please,” John panted, barely audible, as Sherlock gave his cock one teasing lick. “Oh, God… Sherlock, please, ah—“
Easing from the bed, John crept to the door and then paused, turning back to stare at the shadow still in the bed. Sherlock slept on, undisturbed. Or he appeared to. John was certain Sherlock was perfectly capable of feigning sleep, but after a long moment, John decided that he seemed to be asleep, and that was as much assurance as he could ask for.
John’s stomach sank. When Sherlock got a notion in his head, there was no dislodging it. For just a moment, John contemplated an extravagant declaration of adoration to appease Sherlock’s ego, and spare himself God only knew what. But his throat closed up at the very thought of saying “I love you” to the man who’d turned him into… well, a sex slave.
Florescent lights shone overhead, but he was in a bottom bunk and the worst of it was blocked by the top bunk. Listening to the discontented sounds around him, John surmised that someone had just turned on the lights, marking the end of the evening and the signal for the inhabitants to turn out and hit the streets. Shelters had specific hours, he’d found.
From the leafy depths of the tree, John stared down with bated breath as Sherlock stormed over, gathered up the shirt, discovered the bloody microchip, and stiffened in shock. Clutching the branches, John willed his body not to tremble in the cool air, and his breath to slip as silently as possible from his lungs. His jacket was bundled and tucked underneath the plastic liner of the bin below him, as being too light a tan and too visible in the greenery of the park. Up in his hiding place in the tree, John was dressed in dark jeans and a dark green shirt over the blue one. Two shirts and a vest were not sufficient to provide warmth in this crisp weather, but anything was better than being spotted.
He was down to options one and three, it seemed. Unless he could convince Sherlock to set him free, it was surrender… or fall.
After that, he’d…  well, he wasn’t sure yet. John admitted to himself that he dared not plan too far ahead. For now, he would drink this damn coffee and wait till the diner closed. And hope. But not hope too much.
“—will not get paid a penny if I’m dead,” Sherlock said. “In fact,” he pulled out his phone and made a quick call. One of the henchmen, both of whom had been watching this drama in awed silence, took the call.
Moving back from the plate glass window, John considered his options. There were only three, really: give up now, run until caught, or… John never considered himself suicidal, but sometimes… it was more exhaustion and despair than true depression. Would he want to die if Sherlock simply set him free? No, of course not. This thought was purely situational. Would he think about it if Sherlock even treated him… just a bit less brutally? Terrorized him less thoroughly? Probably not.
To his consternation, he detected only the faint whiff of factory produced plastic. Sherlock opened his eyes to stare in affront at the chip. It had the gall to look perfectly unused. He tipped his head and stared at the chip more intently. Perfectly unused.
Sherlock switched his phone to his left hand and held out his right hand to henchman number 2, who—face expressionless—pulled a Walther P99 from inside his jacket and placed it in Sherlock’s grasp. Hassim’s eyes grew huge and he let out a little bark of shock as the handgun rose to point at his head. His hands tightened to pull at the arm around his throat, but of course, this was useless.
Sherlock tipped his head back and gave John his most intense stare. “Let’s have a little wager, John. A gentleman’s agreement, if you will.”
Sherlock stared at him for another beat, and then returned his eyes to his laptop. “If you want to go to the store, go to the store,” he said finally, apparently reading something rather fascinating on the screen. “By the way, since you’re a doctor, perhaps you can tell me exactly how long a man can go without oxygen before brain damage sets in.”
It was a miracle that the car didn’t come to an abrupt halt, but John was wearing a different coat, and a ball cap, and by purest chance had come to a halt next to a woman walking a dog. They were standing close enough to look like a couple, and Sherlock hadn’t noticed him. He was looking for John-in-tan-coat, alone. His heart rate accelerating quickly, John knew instinctively that a second lucky pass would not happen.
There was always that moment that John hesitated, knowing that once the restraints were on, he was utterly at the other man’s meager mercy. Always that moment he rebelled, in his heart, even if arousal was pooling in his stomach. It mixed with the anxiety in his chest and paralyzed him for a moment.
“Hassim, you’re going to help me get my friend down,” Sherlock explained coolly. Then he waved his arm at the rest. “Out,” he directed abruptly.
“So if I die now, here, today… I still got more time than I was supposed to. Maybe that’s the way I should look at it.”
But in the end, whatever his mind and heart and spirit were doing, his primal urges would respond with wanton abandon, and he’d end up wrung out and satisfied… and disgusted with himself and Sherlock both. Disgusted with himself for having ever gotten into this situation, and being unable to discover a way out. Disgusted with Sherlock for his sanguine assumption that whatever outrage or torment he’d just inflicted upon his unwilling partner, the orgasm he’d forced out of John was his payment for damages done. And when John lay limp and panting, his brain too foggy to hold on to the sense of outrage, could he muster any argument that would convince Sherlock otherwise?
John wondered if the shame of his lack of resistance would ever completely fade. It was a deadening weight on his chest that momentarily distracted him from his distrust and fear of Sherlock, and focused him completely on his disgust with himself. But most of the fight had been pressed out of him in the box, and what little remained was leeched out in the following months. Not all at once, but a bit here, with a good whipping, and a bit there, with an endless night of nerve burning drugs and torturous restraints. When Sherlock decided to teach a lesson, he was very thorough.
But there was no point in consulting his “if” list. Sherlock tended to accelerate. Like a cancer, he seemed to need new material to devour, and having broken John enough to ensure compliance, the man was now apparently hungry for willing participation. John couldn’t provide that without fundamentally changing his mindset and… essentially losing who he was.
Then Sherlock dropped his hand. “Do turn the light on, John. I don’t want to attempt this in the dark. It isn’t the sort of activity one does carelessly.” His voice dropped to a purr on that last bit.
Barely breathing, John slipped from the bedroom and padded naked to the darkened kitchen, relying on the streetlight outside for what illumination he could. Once there, he – as silently as possible – worked open one of their junk drawers, the one where the most abandoned adapters and technological detritus had gathered. He hesitated, and then opened the refrigerator door, both for light, and for cover. If Sherlock woke and came out to investigate, he’d find John poking about in the fridge as if for a late-night snack.
John nearly sobbed, clutching the joist with both hands now, and holding perfectly still. His lips moved—although he wasn’t aware of it—mouthing “no, no, no, no” but without a sound.
John fretted, up in his tree. He’d expected Sherlock to leave the chip in the bin and storm off. Had he done thus, John had only to remain in the park for a few more hours. If Sherlock checked the GPS out of habit, or sentiment, or merely to ruminate on his failure, it would suggest that the chip was still in the bin, there in the park.
Had he run off his madness? Was he simply ginning up his courage to return home and face the music? Sherlock rather hoped so. It had been nearly a year since the last time he’d had to hunt John, and though it was rather good sport, he’d be even more pleased to find that John had become too thoroughly conditioned to truly try again.
The other workers seemed more eager now to vacate the area, and as the doors rumbled closed, they left Hassim to his fate with little more than look of wincing relief that it was not them.
Then he pounced on his mobile and re-activated the GPS. His heart thawed in relief to see the signal moving slowly up a street in the direction of King’s Cross.
Perhaps, Sherlock mused… perhaps if John returned of his own accord, he should reward him with pleasure and forgiveness. It wouldn’t be at all what the man was expecting. Perhaps it would break down that last barrier John kept up, night and day, grimly, doggedly, through all the months of their intimacy… Sherlock took a moment to research studies on the efficacy of unexpected reward on prisoners, captives, slaves, and other detainees. Yes. Might do.
“—You might just try to jiggle the beam a bit,” Sherlock suggested helpfully, his face aglow with an unholy light. “Wasn’t there a story about that? A boy who jiggles a branch his friend is standing on, in a moment of resentment, and his friend falls to his death?”
Downstairs, John finished his second cup of coffee. His hands were shaking, but his head felt so light and clear, it was as if he’d lived underwater for a year, and now he was above the surface, breathing air again. He had no idea at what point it would be safe to move about the city again. No idea at what point Sherlock would cease to look at the GPS signal on his mobile and begin searching for John by other means.
He monitored John’s progress for some hours, and was intrigued when John finally returned to nearby Regent’s Park, and seemed to come to an exhausted halt near the Open Air Theatre. Sherlock put the phone aside and resumed his work on the Brazilian network for a while (upstart cartel competition needed squashing—boring, really, once he’d figured out who the ring leaders were. Humanity rarely surprised Sherlock Holmes.) After some 15 minutes, he checked his phone to find that John had not moved from Regent’s Park.
Sherlock jerked his chin and John replaced the phone on the bed next to Sherlock’s head. In a harsh whisper, Sherlock said, “You’re not to say a single word against Jo- against Sweden’s blog! It’s saved lives, very close to home, as it were, and it made an actual success out of certain incorrigibles. In the eyes of real people!”
John looked up from the paper, eyebrows furrowed. “Do we really need a plan for that? I assumed I would just…you know…boss you around.”
And what is that prickly feeling in my trousers when he says I’ve been a good boy? I do not blush. I have never blushed.
Sherlock snorted in derision. “It’s the same here. We need something to do. A new adventure, a proper one, involving... the people you’d expect to be involved.  I may die of boredom before anyone tries to kill me. Holiday, my arse. ”
Irene smiled and seized the opportunity. “Why, Sherlock. Has John not yet learned to manage your behavior? That would explain a lot. No wonder the two of you are so grumpy all the time!”
Sherlock’s head dropped and he looked up at John from under his lashes. He could feel his cheeks flushing. “So you mean, if I’ve told him fifteen times not to rinse his razor in the same cup I use to rinse out my mouth, and he still does it, he’s ignoring me. It isn’t that he’s forgetting.”
“I assumed that it would come to touching. Sir. Let’s stay, I mean would you please remain hands-off whatever is covered by my pants? For now?“ He turned his head slightly, but John’s face remained calm and confident. “And do it quickly. One of the DM’s—Dungeon Masters is paying attention much more closely than he ought.”
Sherlock mumbled under his breath and Irene cleared her throat in John’s direction. “Speak up, please, Sherlock. John can’t hear you.”
Sherlock snorted, then continued complaining. “Even under the circumstances, you could have put us up in better accommodations. There isn’t even any room service here!”
“Are you mad? Both of you?” He looked at Greg and pointed at Sherlock. “You really think this non...un…” He shook his head in frustration. “He? Will be able to function at a sex club? Let alone pass as a…patron? Or client? Or whatever they’re called?”
“Sorry, we’ll just have to wait for them to return to baseline, Sherlock. What shall we do while we wait?” He narrowed his eyes at him and it sent shivers down Sherlock’s spine. John put the ice bucket back on the nightstand and settled on his knees between Sherlock’s legs. “Any ideas?”
John exhaled and lowered the SIG to his side with a look at Sherlock.  “To what do we owe the honor of this visit? Is there a purpose?” he grumbled.
He took a deep breath and walked over to the man. What could he say that would support his cover and turn the man’s attention away from Irene?
“Of course.” John led the way. They found three beds, a massage table and a DM keeping watch in the center. Couples occupied two of the beds, and on the massage table was a young man with nothing but black leather briefs and a blindfold on. An older man stood near his head, holding his hands, wrists crossed above his head. A third man was on the side of the table, holding a lit candle over him, tipping it now and then on different spots on his body. They watched as he let the wax fall onto his chest, then his nipple, drop by drop. The captive flinched with each bit of wax that landed and pulled against the hands holding him. The man leaned over to speak to him and he settled down again. John said, “That looks like torture.”
“Lord and Lady Castamere,” the man at the door intoned. No one seemed to notice. Irene slipped her ermine stole off and sauntered over to a small alcove where a young girl in a white button-down shirt and a black vest and tie was taking coats and handing out tickets. She came back to John’s side, snapping her velvet clutch closed.
Sherlock watched John set his watch for five minutes, and then apply ice to one nipple while lapping and pinching the other. “Of course,” he said, looking up at Sherlock with a wicked grin, “for the testing to be reliable, I’ll have to replicate the conditions on each side.”
The ice left chill tracks of melted water across his face and neck and he shivered as they evaporated. “Your carotid arteries are some of the largest in your body,” John continued, “and they’re much closer to the surface of your skin than the jugulars. Since they’re bringing blood to your brain, if we can shrink them a bit, it will help with the throbbing. Can you hear a rushing sound? That’s the blood flowing too freely."
“Will do.” John tugged lightly on a lock of his hair. “But maybe we can keep there from being so many next times. If we work on keeping you from beating yourself up so much. Don't think I've forgotten about it.”
“It was a particularly wide-flung network,” Sherlock muttered. “It’s not my fault that a few slipped through the cracks. Mycroft should have--”
I shiver again and curl my face into his neck and he hugs me harder. I’m an idiot. But I’m still clever and I point out my advantage.
Sherlock’s nipples were aching and he could tell that John was taking a personal interest in monitoring their swelling and shrinking. “Let’s conduct a little experiment. Ice on one side, mouth on the other.”
“Good, that’s really good, now one more thing, I want to come on you, Sherlock, want to see my come all over you, you beautiful thing, you, is that ok? And then I’ll lick it all up, yeah? And then I’ll kiss you so you can taste it too, is that all right? Can I, Sherlock, can I do that?”
He groaned as shivers shimmied in waves up his spine. That felt so good. He couldn’t remember ever getting his feet massaged before. How had he managed to miss out on this? The throbbing in his head lessened.
“Well, good luck. With them. Obviously. Although, you might have better luck with some irregular people. My irregular people. I can give you a few numbers.”
John stared directly at Sherlock, who attempted to launch a defense. “John--” “Quiet.” John cut him off sharply, one hand clenching in annoyance. He took a deep breath and turned to Irene. “So how would you handle a punishment session like that?”
When I come back to myself, I am mystified. It was perfect. It was more than I ever thought... “That did not seem very much like a punishment, John.”
Oh, God, yes. I’ve done it. End goal. I allow my anticipation to present itself as anxiety and the rest of the ride home is silent.
John nodded and turned to the instructor. He showed John how to remove the wax with the edge of a credit card. He thanked the man and waited for Sherlock to get up and replace his shirt.
“You got the files?” Sherlock asked as he guided the car down the long driveway and on to the main road.
She began to bustle around the room, chattering cheerfully. “This is the perfect opportunity! We’ll have absolutely no interruptions, no preconceived notions, no routines, you know how he gets, John, about disruptions in the routines, we have no choice but to improvise.”
The noise of the party grew louder, and John realized that the distraction was over and the festivities were continuing.  He heard footsteps approaching, a measured, careful tread. “Someone’s coming!” he hissed.
“‘I think there’s leftover takeaway in the fridge. I’ll put it in the oven. You get in the shower and I’ll be there in a minute.”
“Let’s take a walk and examine the equipment. I need to see all the subdvisions; doors and such. Nooks and crannies as it were. I’ll tug when it’s time to move. It will be the perfect cover, negotiating the possible scenes at each station. It would be normal protocol to be relaxed then anyway.”
“Open. Put it under your tongue.” He held the tablet to Sherlock’s mouth, but he turned away. He hated the taste of it and the way it made his muscles ache. It made him so tired and muddled.
His speech was cut off by the harsh light that streamed through the stained glass window atop the entranceway, as well as the
Analysis later. This is a problem which has a solution. John has a full day at the clinic, meaning his estimated time of arrival at home is 5:30. Gareth has at least two cigarettes during his work day. I know he has to be in court by 4:00 this afternoon. This means I must reek of tobacco by 3:30 but find a secure waiting area for two hours. The usual spots are out. I cannot wait in the lab. Molly would be disappoint—WOULD GIVE ME AWAY. I do not CARE what Molly thinks. Very much. Diogenes Club as well; similar reasons. I cannot even walk the streets. It is quite possible that my previously loyal homeless network has been compromised by bribes in exchange for information on my personal habits.
“Didn’t stop me from being jealous, or being a bit of a prick about it.”  He gave Sherlock another kiss in apology.  “And Irene is… intoxicating,” he continued.  “But my heart belongs to you and you alone, now and forever.”
Mycroft sounded defensive. “I’ll have you know I’m drinking a high-protein yoghurt. I haven’t had time to eat a proper meal in days.”
“Sorry, Greg,” John said, cutting Lestrade off in the middle of another ramble about lives saved. “We’ve got to run. Got to pick Rosie up, it’s Mrs. Hudson’s bridge night.”
The man glared at him, lip curled in distaste. “You can be sure that I have no intention of informing the Count of any of the unpleasant details of what went on here tonight, Lord Castamere. A bribe is not necessary.”
Grinning at Sherlock from under his eyelashes, John tightened the last scarf, pinning Sherlock to the bed quite effectively. He tugged experimentally but found that John had left him little slack. A flush traveled up his chest.
A black limousine drove up. Sherlock was in the driver’s seat, still dressed as a waiter.  “Get in,” he snapped. John handed Irene into the back seat, then came around to the passenger side on the front.
He sucked in a breath as she reached up and deftly unzipped her dress down to the base of her spine. Then she pulled his bowtie loose, unbuttoned the top two buttons of his dress shirt, grabbed his hands and placed them on either side of her hips, and fastened her lips to his as the door opened.
“Hmm. Well, I never really had all that much experience and it’s been a long time so I’m probably a little rusty.”
Inferno was as classic a dungeon as John might have been able to imagine, complete with hanging human sized bird-cages. John stopped at the front desk and stood, trying to take in all the sights of the club, The clerk was engrossed in a large textbook and Sherlock coughed loudly to get their attention. They looked up and held out their hand. John opened his wallet and  handed over a cash card that they had picked up from Lestrade earlier. The clerk took the card for a moment, but the machine appeared to reject it, so John inserted the plastic into the card reader. The lights on the machine flashed and emitted more beeps, but John was still transfixed by the dungeon floor. Sherlock stepped up beside him, careful to remain slightly behind his left shoulder.
They made their way downstairs and through the crowd.  The celebration had reached a fever pitch and it was slow going, but they managed to reach the foyer, where Irene retrieved her stole, and then were out the door and standing on the stoop in the chill night.
“Listen,” he said, pulling his wallet out of his jacket pocket. He put a hand on the man’s back and turned him towards the door to the room, so the desk was solidly at his back. “What would it take for you to, ah, forget we were ever in here?” He opened the wallet and fingered two 100-lb notes.
“I don’t care in the slightest with whom you copulate, little brother, but if you will not protect yourself, I will protect you. I’ll not have Mother weeping over your cold, lifeless transport, and blaming me for allowing you to take absurd risks. Therefore I will assume control over your physical well-being until you can be trusted with it yourself. “
John sat back with a serious frown. “You say that now, but let’s not forget one of my favorites...” He bent at the waist and took the whole pink head into his mouth, engulfing Sherlock in soft, wet, heat.
Sherlock circled his stomach and followed the line of his abdomen down around his inner thigh. He came back up lifting his bollocks gently. John let his head thud softly against the tile wall. Sherlock ran the sponge back and forth a few times then around and up and down the length of his heavily hanging penis. John hummed and Sherlock looked up at him with a half-smile.
“Ah, twinks, yes, uh, let’s see. Young, or able to pass for young, obviously gay men. Jailbait. Clean shaven. Thin. Generally hotter than average. Like you, actually…” He stared at Sherlock for a moment, then resumed. “What I mean is, Greg--his name is Greg!” He pointed to an index card over the desk on which he’d written “GREG” in red letters. “Greg probably thought of you because you could play the part.”
Once they had finished with the legal business, they headed home. On the ride, the tension built until Sherlock was twitching harder than he ever had during any substance withdrawal. John sat still, jaw clenched and staring out the window.
He blinked at her, and then the penny dropped. “Listen,” he snapped, “Mary was not... I wasn’t… we didn’t….”
John’s fingers were in his hair again, rubbing his scalp gently. He tried to say something but could only exhale. He heard John chuckle and then his fingers were gone. Moaning in protest, he reached out a hand, wiggling his fingers in what he hoped was a beseeching yet dignified way.
After a few more unnecessary swipes, he put the sponge down and took John by the hips and began to turn him around.
John popped off and said with a smile that Sherlock could only hear, “There, you see? That’s much more specific. Now I know exactly what you want.” He took Sherlock back into his mouth and dragged his tongue up the frenulum before devoting his entire focus to getting as much of him as far down his throat as he could. And when he reached bottom, he flattened his tongue for the ride back to the top.
He glared at John, who put on his best ‘What did I do?’ face. “Yes, I’m here,” he snapped, his irritation with his brother rising more quickly than usual. “And this is rather an absurd line of questioning, given that you’re constantly tracking our location, don’t you think? Even on the outskirts of nowhere.”
John swallowed. The flush on Sherlock’s cheeks was doing something to him, a twisting feeling deep in his belly, a hunger that skittered under his skin.
With a deep breath, John backed up and sat on the director’s chair, elbows propped on the armrests. Irene was gathering a pile of objects on the small table in the center of the room, including silk scarves, a belt, a hairbrush and a bottle of hand lotion. Sherlock’s blush had disappeared, his skin paling so suddenly that John was suddenly concerned about his blood sugar. When was the last time he had eaten? Stupid--of course he wouldn’t have eaten last night, not while the game was on. Food was the absolute priority: a new game had begun.
Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “Under control. Just make sure your combat boots and medals are polished.”
He sighs. I must remain steadfast. I try to avoid looking at him, but I fail. He looks very sad and my impulse is to blurt out the truth, but I pinch my leg and remind myself: end goal.
They slid off the bed quickly; Sherlock went to the door while John pulled his SIG Sauer out of his duffle and took up a stance next to the window that enabled him to cover the room. “Where’s your…”
Sherlock stood up so quickly, he knocked his chair over. Eyes wide, he looked like the situation had completely slipped his grip. “John, this is completely unnecessary. There’s a reason I haven’t felt the need for any, uh, let’s say, Irene type activities since you and I have begun our arrangement. This is completely unnecessary.”
When they broke apart, Sherlock was looking at him with starry eyes, and the flush had spread down his cheeks and neck.  “I…I  may have jumped to conclusions,” he said, his voice a low velvet rumble.
“A surprise guest!” Sabatier cried.  He was smiling, but his eyes had a dangerous look about them. He motioned to the three men John had noted earlier and strode down the stairs and into the foyer. The party guests milled after him, curious stares and whispers running through the crowd like lightning.
Sherlock exhaled, a wave of irritation washing over his face.  He let go of John and strode to the door.
I am shocked to see John waiting at the kerb. I realize that this is actually an improvement over the original plan. I use my surprise at seeing him to project guilt. Stuttering, I say, “John! What are you doing here?”
The inside of the cab was dim and cool, and he felt the throb at the back of his neck lessen somewhat. John was still holding his wrist; his grip had loosened, but Sherlock could still feel the warmth of his hand.
She took the MREs from his hand and walked over to Sherlock. “Sixty seconds, Sherlock, not a word. Read the ingredients and pick one.”
“Such a shame. You in a tux with a beard has always been your best look. Sherlock would disagree, of course.”
This time John glared and Sherlock put on the innocent expression, which did not save his left nipple from a vindictive pinch. “Ow!”
John kept up the irregular rhythm and, as Irene predicted, John could feel Sherlock twitching and tensing, trying to anticipate the location of the next blow, trying to use his mighty brain to suss out an impossibly unpredictable lack of a pattern. John’s hand was heavy and the hairbrush fell over and over with more of a thud than the sharp smack that Irene delivered. And sure enough, once the great machine accepted its failure, Sherlock collapsed into a certain bonelessness and John knew the job had been successfully completed. He laid the hairbrush gently on the floor and let his hand rub the warm, pink skin.
Irene slid off his lap and presented her back to him. As he zipped up her dress, he shifted, trying to adjust himself discreetly. She motioned with her head at the man, then back at the desk. A glance showed him what she meant: her clutch was still sitting on top of the desk next to the laptop.
His voice several octaves higher now, Sherlock whimpered, “That, that’s it. Oh, please, please, John, if you love me, if you’ve ever loved me, please, like that, just like that.”
“Well, that’s the point isn’t it? I’m transferring the reins of power to you, John. I want to make sure you can handle the responsibility.” The poking was very effective. John was indignant.
“Don’t,” Sherlock said, and the reason for the effect became apparent, as he stood in front of them with a tray of champagne flutes. He was dressed identically to the other servers in the room, white shirt, black pants, black vest, black tie. His wild curls were slicked black. He shot a worried glance at John.
John watched closely as Sherlock looked up at him, then swallowed, cleared his throat, and croaked out, “Yes, Sir. Sorry, Sir.”
“No. I have not been hiding them. This is not an international game of sardines.” He was quickly reaching the end of his patience with his brother.
I feel so remorseful that I’m no longer relying on my dramatic skills. “John, I…I don’t know what to say.”
“Let’s get cleaned up first, what do you say?” He felt John fumbling with something on the table, and then there was a cold damp cloth between his legs, cleaning him off. He made a wordless noise of protest.
“Pain?” The pressure behind his eyes had vanished, and he no longer felt that spike at his temple, waiting.
He glanced over at Irene, who was laughing at something a portly, white-whiskered man in military dress was saying, her hand sliding seductively up his arm. “We’ll still need a distraction to get up the stairs,” he said.  “Maybe we can set Irene on him—”
He cupped his hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and kissed him again.  “I understand, I do.  I’d feel the same way if I came into a room and saw you in a beautiful woman’s arms.”
Sherlock focused on breathing, and trying to temper the sighs and groans that burst out of him with hums of pleasure at the results. Finally, John sat back and said, “There. You’re as limp as boiled noodles. Most of you, anyway. Your trousers are looking a bit tight.”
Irene tapped her hand against her thigh invitingly. Sherlock didn’t move. She sighed and looked at John. “He’ll always try to stall,” she said. “I don’t know why--I’ve never changed my mind.”
Sherlock waited and John returned shortly. “You were right. That’s what he’s here for. He asked me how I’d like you and I said facedown and shirtless, but we’d see how things progressed. Let me take that collar off.”
“Aren’t you supposed to call me Sir? I know I’m a novice, Sherlock, but I have picked up a few things on those three continents you’re always reminding me of. I think you might need a session on one of these…” he pointed vaguely at the furniture. “... things.”
He hesitated, then put the wallet away, putting on the air of the privileged. “Well, of course not. I was merely offering compensation for services provided. I’m glad to hear I can count on your… discretion.”
“Afraid? Me? How long have we been…colleagues now? Have you ever known me to be afraid of anything? As a matter of fact, I believe you, yourself, have said, what was it now, for a genius I’m too stupid to try to dodge a bullet? Afraid.“ He snorted and snatched the computer back. “I’ll email him right now.”
“I know you’re considered some kind of carnal relations expert, Doctor ‘Seven Continents Watson,’ –“
“Your seat.” Sherlock sat. “At the very least, I intend to hear a description of your...sessions?” He looked at Irene. She shrugged. “Let’s consider it a sharing of your background.” He licked his lips. Sherlock was transfixed. “And perhaps a demonstration. We have time.”
There was a definite swelling below Sherlock’s waist, his cock having plumped up quite noticeably, thanks to John’s ministrations. Now that John had mentioned it, it was impossible for him to ignore, and he squirmed, trying to get comfortable. The pain in his head had receded significantly, although it still hung behind his eyes like thunder.
“Insulted? Pfft. You with your cheekbones and turning your coat collar up so you look cool. Insulted my arse.”
“Ms. Adler,” he said, pretending to a calm he didn’t feel, “I cannot wait to hear about your spanking Sherlock, but first,” now turning to the proprietor of the arse under discussion, “you heard what the lady said. Lunch. You have a choice between Spaghetti w/Beef and Sauce, Brisket Entree, or Chicken Chunks.”
John smiled back at him and ran his fingertips along the line of Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock froze and John immediately said, “Uh, wax. I thought there was a stray drop there.” Sherlock took a deep breath. “Oh. I mean…Thank you, Sir.
A cab! The enclosed space will preserve the odor. Brilliant! I will sit in a cab outside Baker Street and await John’s arrival. I must be at the door and allow him to come close enough to smell the smoke, which will, I hope, still be pervasive. I will have to take care not to actually lie. Is the failure to correct an inaccurate assumption lying? I will ask for clarification later. He will be disappointed, but after the spanking, I will be forgiven. I will decide later on whether to reveal the whole truth. John might even be pleased with me for resisting temptation and call me his good boy!
He gives me a very insolent look and makes a rude noise. “Yeah, he is. He’s kept you in one piece hasn’t he? And he’s kept everybody else from killin’ ya. Berk.”
Sherlock had stood up and for a moment they stood, staring at one another, John, immaculate and resplendent in his uniform, and Sherlock in tight leather jeans, a fishnet top, and a spiked collar with dangling leash.
Sherlock replied, “It’s more the sensory deprivation and the surprise of it. He’s probably under orders to remain still. The candles are specially made just for this purpose. The wax melts at a lower temperature. It cools quite rapidly and peels off easily. I find that sensation quite...interesting, certainly less uncomfortable than a Brazilian wax.”
They made their way to John’s room, because they both knew it would be tidy and it was farther from Mrs Hudson, who would appreciate their thoughtfulness. They stood at the foot of the bed and undressed each other slowly and tenderly, as if for reassurance that whatever came later, the bond was secure. They were both hard, but there was no urgency in their movements.
“Now you can reward him a little,” Irene purred in his ear. Her breath was warm and he shivered as goosebumps prickled across his shoulders.
John tugged at his bowtie and sighed, eyeing the line of sleek black limousines curving up the driveway ahead of them. Warm golden light shone through the open door of the castle, which still looked miles away, no closer than the last time he had checked.
“Noted. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve been drawn into a ridiculous argument and forgotten what I asked him to do in the first place.”
Lestrade showed up smiling and thumped Sherlock on the back. “What’s that, a new record for you, Sherlock? You were inside there a little less than three hours!”
He winced. There was a weird Doppler-like effect going on; Sherlock’s voice echoed oddly in his ear. He started to reach for the receiver.
There was a moment of silence, during which Sherlock deduced that Mycroft might be beginning to realize what he and John were doing. The thought of the expression that that was putting on Mycroft’s face made him smile.
John began to run his hands lightly over Sherlock’s chest, over his pectoral muscles, then down his ribcage and around his belly, repeating the pattern over and over as Sherlock’s cock twitched and swelled. He sucked in a breath and tilted his head to the side, nuzzling into the side of John’s neck, the scent of tea and crisp aftershave from the warm flesh wrapping around him like a blanket. When John started circling his nipples and skimming over them with his fingertips, Sherlock’s hips began twisting and he grabbed John’s hands.
They both looked expectantly at Irene, but she turned up her nose and said nothing. John shrugged at Sherlock and began to push two of the mattresses together. After a moment, Sherlock came over to help him.
that he has more data than is strictly necessary. His eyelids flutter while he considers that prospect. Typically, he finds the narrowing-down process quickens with a surfeit of information, but in this particular case, each component seems to take the experiment in a different direction, moving him farther away from the original design.
Silently, slowly, Sherlock lifts himself from his chair with his arms. He stands a moment, watching John relax. John’s breathing slows and his posture dips with trust, and Sherlock has to swallow against the lump in his throat. After all this time and everything they’ve been through, John is still game for whatever Sherlock offers.
Sherlock leans the side of his face against John’s head, breathing in the scent of him—tea and soap and wool and faint cologne. He turns and buries his nose in John’s silvering hair, feels the top of John’s ear fold down when he presses his mouth to it, and pushes his leg into John, who responds immediately, rutting against him without mercy.
He open his eyes, pushes through the piles with spread-apart fingers, trying to touch all the covers at once, as if the tactile alone will be enough to guide him. The images are a blur, the chatter and slide of cardboard and plastic against the thinning pile of carpet anything but a soothing melody. He draws his attention inward, looking for a hook, an obvious opening point, a
John could count on both hands the number of times he’d heard Sherlock use that word. And never before in this context.
The faceted base of the bedside lamp cast a warm pattern of concentric circles on the walls and John counted them, waiting for Sherlock’s response. He got to
John wondered mildly how he could still be conscious with his heart pounding like this. Was he about to pass out? He was a doctor. He should really know these
John squeezes just underneath Sherlock’s arse. “Because if we continue like this, it’s going to get—rather sticky.”
Right. Well, everything is different now, isn’t it? He’d shown his hand, made a fool of himself in his own kitchen, and now here he is, head buzzing like the fluorescent lights above him.
Sherlock varies his speed while John’s eyelids flutter, eyes rolling underneath the closed lids, and he chokes out a series of short, guttural cries, each one searing through Sherlock like a fiery arrow. When Sherlock leans forward, trapping John’s heat between their bodies, he can feel John jerk in his hand. He closes the distance between them, pressing his stomach against his own hand and grinding against John, and moans filthily into John’s ear, “Ohhh!”
Forget the soundtrack of gunfire and stifled grunts and hissed admonishments to keep quiet. This was something transcendent.
Sherlock shakes his head, feeling the pressure swell unbearably at the sound of John’s volatile voice, and his vision goes white under his closed eyelids.
He’d met Lucy Blundstone two months earlier, at a local do sponsored by the British Medical Association and they’d hit it off at once. Since then he’d been pursuing
Sherlock pauses to observe. John leans back in his chair, crossing his ankles, rubbing the toes of his wool socks together. He tucks his hands into the gap between the seat cushion and the sides of the chair (
John looks at Sherlock over the top of the newspaper. “I’m not against murder on the whole—I mean, I am. Obviously, I am—I just don’t need to read about it when we aren’t on a case. We’re mired in it all the time, Sherlock. Some days, I just want to read something that isn’t so—”
He fought his way back to the conversation, trying to follow whatever Holmesian logic was at play, admonishing and congratulating himself on the skill.
When no response seemed forthcoming, he chanced a look in Sherlock’s direction and regretted it at once.
threatened hysteria, John furiously backspaced and then wrote the simplest plea he could muster, sending it off before he could think twice.
He leaned onto one hip and wriggled his phone out of his back pocket. It was almost fully charged. He’d splurged on a battery extender to be sure he’d have access
Cross settling around him, comfortable noises that urged him to pull a sheet up around his ears and give in to sleep now that the other little death was not
John felt gutted. He’d done this, he’d put distance between them and now he wasn’t even privvy to the most fundamental of developments in Sherlock’s life.
matter of seconds. He threw the duvet back with one hand. The heat was suffocating him and his own noises were nearly loud enough to drown out Sherlock’s high,
The thud of Sherlock’s phone on the table was enough to pull John’s fingers away from his face. There were only three messages in his queue:
John risked opening his eyes only twice. The sight of Sherlock with his shoulders pressed against the brick but his hips pressed forward, his cheeks flushed and his mouth open, panting was almost more than he could bear. John’s mouth was so flooded with saliva that moisture drooled out the side of his lips and trickled down his chin. He used the excess to keep the arc of his hand slick, making sure that the last piece of skin Sherlock felt before pressing into John’s mouth was saturated with wetness, gliding him into the suction of John’s lips and the strong softness of his tongue.
He stole another look at the photo, seeing new details he’d somehow missed before—a damp curl plastered against Sherlock’s ear in the shape of a question mark—and
Three weeks ago, they’d taken on a case with Sherlock’s ex-boyfriend at the centre of it and since then, everything John had thought stable was pitching back and forth like a balsa wood raft on the high seas.
“Let’s skip the bad dreams tonight,“ John said. “Maybe something a little more Hans Christian Andersen—”
higher, but he would waste no more time on vagaries. Sherlock needed to know that he was all in and he needed to know the same about Sherlock.
tugging his hair whilst he buried his face between plump thighs. He’d have to find new language for this. Forget even the backdrop of ragged tents and humid shadows.
“He’s not...he isn’t…” John sputtered, unsure which accusation he should attack first. Then shoulders slumped. “He doesn’t look too miserable about it either way,” he muttered.
“This is what passes for hard journalism nowadays? I weep for the future.” Sherlock snorts, sinking back down onto the couch and wrapping himself up in his dressing gown. He narrows his eyes at John. “And you find this interesting, do you?”
John had felt the bodies on either side fold him inward, accordion-style, as they turned to smirk at each other. He’d flared with anger on Sherlock’s behalf briefly before settling back into numb passivity. He had been exposed to these moments more and more often as the weeks had progressed; that night’s had simply been the most public declaration of abject ownership Victor had made toward his boyfriend, to date.
Sherlock swivels and sits up on the couch in one elegant motion, his elbows resting on his open knees, and leans toward John like a cobra ready to strike. His next words are meant as a reward for John’s candor, and he wants to see John recognize this. “Would you like to understand?”
What he had not expected was this: a mistake with his credit card, a lost reservation, and an expensive taxi ride miles away from the post-conference action to a
Above the noise of the crickets, John could hear muffled rattling in the hallway outside his door. He lifted his head from the pillow but a moment later, the noise
Sherlock rubs his thigh into John like a promise, and John closes his eyes, his fingers digging into Sherlock’s leg muscle hard enough to burn. Sherlock lunges again but John can sense it. He catches Sherlock by the hair before his mouth can make contact, and he holds him there, his fist like iron. John opens his eyes almost lazily and shakes his head back and forth against the chair, while Sherlock writhes and tries to recover from the heat of John’s rough handling.
Sherlock sucks deeply, running his tongue along the underside of John’s fingers, and then slides back, biting down softly on John’s fingertips until they push back in. The two men hold this rhythm for a while, Sherlock pulling John’s fingers deep into his mouth, and John pushing against his thigh. Their eye contact nearly unnerves Sherlock. John is staring at him like each pass of his lips is drawing out a measure of John’s soul. Then Sherlock curls his tongue under John’s fingers, squeezing with suction, and John breaks form, hissing and bucking his hips against Sherlock’s quadriceps. Sherlock nearly chokes on John’s fingers, and a long rope of saliva drips down the side of John’s hand. John watches it travel down his wrist. When the damp disappears into the cuff of his shirt, John lunges forward and takes Sherlock’s mouth with his own again, his spit-slicked fingers leaving trails of wetness along Sherlock’s face.
to Lucy’s texts throughout the conference but it had been a stupid expense after all. His message queue was void, mocking. John had never been a truly social man—he
John realized he was holding his breath. He forced himself to let it go. When he did, the three dots began again.
John stabbed the button again, switching it off, laughing with just the slightest edge of hysteria. Sherlock’s voice was so achingly, intimately familiar that John
“Thought you might have forgotten about me,” John said simply, squeezing Sherlock’s thighs gently. Sherlock shook his head from side to side, his curls bouncing off his ears with each pass of his head. “You and Victor looked pretty cozy,” he continued, taking a small, sick pleasure in the upset arch of Sherlock’s eyebrows before internally admonishing himself. It wasn’t Sherlock’s fault, after all. It was work and the work came first. But in John’s world—in his fantasy world, anyway—the work came second. Sherlock always,
coverlet with unspeakable fluids but he didn’t. The thought of that ridiculous, gorgeously outsized mouth on him, of Sherlock’s hologram eyes boring holes into his
“Yes!” John throws his arms up in frustration then slaps them down on the arms of his chair, rubbing the worn fabric under his callused fingers.
In the end, his breathing was ragged, his voice filled with a longing even he could hear. Before he could think twice, he pressed send, pushing his words into the
Sherlock Holmes resists the urge to lean forward and rest his elbows on his knees, even though, after an hour, his steepled fingers are starting to fall asleep. If he stops to shake them out, to restore the blood flow to his extremities, he might forget what comes after track four. And track four is important—it’s essential.
should be drinking, dancing, conversing, seducing. Instead, he was trapped in a chintz nightmare, chatting with a madman. John shook his head.
John Watson looked up at the ceiling, a laugh like a sob at his lips, wondering how he could possibly be lying in lumpy bed in Scotland, his cock in his hand,
Sherlock narrows his eyes. There’s something else going on here—John’s too-smug smile doesn’t match the strange unease flitting just beneath the surface of his expression. Sherlock looks him over quickly.
“Ohhh!” Sherlock exclaims, then claps his hand over his mouth as if trying to shove the word to the back of his throat. The noise is harsh in the quiet of the room, and John jumps a little in his chair, furrows his brow even deeper, but keeps his eyes shut. He turns his palms inward, and Sherlock watches while he tucks them between his knees (
. John Watson picks up his basket, scans the contents quickly, hoping something will serve as a peace offering. A nice cuppa, fresh milk, some mild digestive biscuits. It’s a false coziness, a bit of nothing, but maybe it’s a start. Maybe it will be enough.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock is drying his fingers one by one on a dish towel when the sound of John’s movements from the next room halt altogether and his voice drifts in through the open door.
John considers this and then shakes his head. “As a concept? Sure. But I read every one of those words in the paper—the hated ones, the loved ones—and felt nothing. What could possibly change that?”
He tried not to imagine the type of man to have caught Sherlock Holmes’s attention but before he could suffocate them, the images arose: fit, aristocratic,
John follows, stretching his arms up overhead and sighing happily while his joints creak and pop. Sherlock appreciatively eyes the exposed strip of stomach between John’s trousers and shirt, and John grins at him, yanking his jumper down.
Then Sherlock is lost, he’s swallowed alive in a tumult of John’s mouth and tongue, John’s breath heavy against his teeth, John pressed against his knee, John with clumsy fingers in his hair, John, John, John—
By the time the message came through, he was restless, practically sitting on his hands to keep from winding them underneath his shirt and stroking down his chest
Sherlock tries to remember how to lead, tries to recall that he’s been word-seducing John for upwards of half an hour, but he can’t quite remember what to do with his hands. He can barely remember what he did to turn John into this grasping, rutting, growling thing. Suddenly, it’s so hot in the flat he can’t
tongue came away salty. His arm sank to the bed, phone in hand, and he stared at the ceiling for a long moment. Then, in a rush, he fumbled with the button of his
Sherlock looks back up. John is staring at him, his eyes huge, wild, full of terror and something else—something heavier.
With that, Sherlock slips by him, barely glancing down to see John running his thumb over the CD cover in amazement. Gold constellations winking out against a midnight sky and the title, in Sherlock’s handwriting, so damning, so
After a long moment, he reaches out a fingertip and topples the closest pile. Plastic cases and cardboard covers waterfall into chaos, and something gives way in Sherlock’s chest. He leans forward, pushing over stacks, undoing weeks of careful collecting. Then, kneeling in front of the avalanche of music, he shuffles the piles with his palms, CD cases shifting under album covers, an incongruous rainbow of genres, media, and eras fanned out before him.
When the text came, it came at once, with no warning dots.  Typed with lightning fingers, must have been. As close to a spasm of speech as one could get,
He tapped out a message then erased it—too desperate. Composed another and erased it as well—God, he was pathetic when trying to be jovial. When his third attempt
He sank deeper into the pillows, let the mist and blur of the wine settle around him, let it shore up his nerves and dim the warning signals that flashed dully in
—by kissing him fiercely, licking John’s mouth open and devouring him from the inside out. He holds John’s face against his, rocks against John’s groin until John’s fingers fumble against Sherlock’s belt loops. John runs his hands down the soft charcoal wool of Sherlock’s trousers, and Sherlock feels the damp heat left behind by his fingers.
A stab in the dark but a good one. Sherlock Holmes bordered on spooky sometimes but this wasn’t mysticism, it was timing; John, texting too in early the evening. He
Whilst he waited, John considered the last time he witnessed Sherlock deeply, properly, deliciously in his cups. John’s stag night. He thought about tumblers of
John used his acute Sherlock-sense to assess the situation. He may not be a genius detective but he knew a thing or two about how to read one, and his reading of the current situation was that Sherlock was uncomfortable but not miserable.
And there they were, back on solid ground again. John felt sobriety slip in around the edges and was both relieved and a little disappointed. This would likely all
John leaned forward even more, pressing himself between Sherlock’s legs and placing his mouth against the rather prominent bulge in Sherlock’s trousers. He breathed out wetly, letting the heat from his mouth warm the wool at Sherlock’s groin and he closed his eyes as Sherlock’s hands reached down and wound into the short hair at the nape of John’s neck. They stood like that for a moment, John pressed obscenely into Sherlock’s crotch, Sherlock stroking John’s hair like a bedtime ritual. Then John broke the spell, reaching up to unzip Sherlock’s flies, folding aside wool and cotton to find the silk of Sherlock’s bare skin, warm and flushed. John had barely touched him and already Sherlock was beginning to leak, the scent acrid and powerful in the thin, cold air. John ground his knees into the plush coat beneath him, determined somehow that whatever shared or recycled energy made up this coat—John sent furious apologies to the cosmos for this admission—would somehow transmit their shared desire to its former owner, that somehow Victor would know that the man he desired and the man John loved was about to lose his fucking mind in the back alley of a North London pub thanks to John’s talented mouth.
John mirrored this fantasy, working his tongue across the roof of his mouth to gather moisture and then licking it across his fingers. When he slid his hand down
from the shelf with his index finger. The back was torn off but the front cover promisingly displayed a second-rate schooner and an
But in the end, none of that mattered. All that mattered was this moment, and the next, and the one after that.
He’s said this last one aloud, and John’s face flushes pink, eyes glazed and jaw slack. Something in John’s face changes, darkens, and it un-balances Sherlock. He leans forward, sliding his hand behind John’s neck. He wants to—God, he wants to
John suspected that Sherlock might be testing him, giving him full-force bluntness to see if John would backtrack or voice second thoughts. He thought for a long
Sherlock tips his head back, and John strokes his neck again, running his fingers over the muscles and tendons. John’s breathing falters when his fingers climb Sherlock’s chin and hook over the deep curve of his lower lip. Sherlock lets John run his hand over his mouth and feels him press down on the plushness of his lips before he pulls John’s fingers in and John dissolves beneath him.
They started to walk out of the alley, toward the street. Before they reached the road, Sherlock paused and dropped John’s hand. He trotted back into the dark corner where’d they’d been intertwined and whisked Victor’s ruined coat from the ground. John frowned a little. Sherlock walked back nonchalantly, letting the hem of the coat drag through the grime and the slush. When he reached John, he swung the coat around John’s shoulders like a toreador, the coat flaring out and whipping drops of wet and filth into the air. John stood up proudly, readjusted the coat across his body, and then took Sherlock’s hand again. Without discussion, they veered from their path to the open road and, instead, made their way back toward the open side entrance to the pub
mortification was there—he hadn’t imagined that—but it was tinged with something else. Something deeper, poking at a darker shame that ribboned through him.
“Ah, yes, but this article is about popular opinion, not etymology or structure or even grammatical foibles. Yours is not an academic or professional interest. It’s a personal one. So. What about this article has you
, Sherlock. Because we were on an errand to buy milk. It was chance, not importance. It could have been anything.”
John shut his eyes against the waves of desire and embarrassment that rolled over him. It was becoming a familiar combination.
A lovely, curvy brunette brushes past him, sending his basket banging into his knees. John looks up and meets her eyes as she reaches a hand out in apology. He feels the light touch on his arm; the corners of his mouth turn up into a brilliant smile and her body relaxes. She opens toward the warmth of him, her body turning while he looks past her, while he thinks, wildly,
Instead, he shrugs helplessly, silently pleading with John to forget all this, to forget everything so they can go back to before.
John knew he should be distracted by the sounds of nearby traffic—they were only a few meters away from the main road—but the sound of Sherlock’s breath, quiet but ragged, stormed into his eardrums and blocked out all other ambient noise, His heart raced to keep up and his blood flowed faster, rushing to his tongue, the tips of his ears, his cock. He pressed into Sherlock and Sherlock, feeling him taut against his slim thigh, moaned aloud and John pulled back immediately.
extravagantly priced but adding in the cost of a corkscrew that he could operate without making a fool of himself was out of the question. He was even more grateful
John tossed his phone onto the bed and got up, rolling his sore shoulder whilst he made his way to the washstand. He pulled the sweating bottle of wine from the
Sherlock was always so fastidious in his texting. Flawless spelling, never a missing punctuation mark. And now this. Two tiny typos meant he was coming undone and
While Sherlock watches, a bead of sweat slides down from John’s hairline, traces its way down his cheek, and disappears beneath John’s collar. “Take this off at least,” he says unsteadily and tugs at John’s jumper. “Too warm.”
and filled with melting chunks of ice. The bucket was drooling condensation, leaving a terrific ring on the antique wooden washstand but John couldn’t bring himself to
Sherlock sat back up again at once, blinking owlishly, mouth snapped shut. John’s left hand twitched under the table and he began to smile dangerously.
distress, knew full well why he felt hot and cold all at once. He couldn’t stop his fingers from fumbling across the surface of his phone.
“For fuck’s sake,” John barked, tossing the paperback onto the floor. He rubbed his hands over his face, torn between laughing and yelling with frustration.
John was  more turned on than he’d ever been in his life, and at the sound of his own name. He searched for the shame that he might automatically link with that
John laughs. It’s genuine, and Sherlock can’t help the corners of his mouth lifting in a faint mirror of John’s amusement.
John laughed. Had his sense of humor always been this morbid or had it grown darker as his friendship with Sherlock progressed? He wasn’t sure he cared either way—
John stroked his dominant hand up Sherlock’s thigh and into the V of his trousers, freeing Sherlock’s cock gently from his pants and shirttails. Sherlock did not appear to be shocked by the cold air on his exposed skin—or at least he didn’t seem to mind. He pushed his hips away from the wall and John followed the motion of Sherlock’s bobbing cock with his lips, pressing the bud of his mouth against the head and taking in every nuance of Sherlock’s moan as he pressed down and took Sherlock against the back of his tongue.
until the screen went dark. Then he leaned over and grabbed the Chateau St. Sulpice, downing a quarter of the bottle in one go, pushing down errant thoughts of Harry’s
John looked at him directly, swinging the dove grey cashmere coat from his shoulders like a bullfighter’s cape.
John was just eyeing the soggy but legible Telegraph in desperation when his phone pinged. He lunged for it with gratitude.
Leave it to Sherlock to clutch pearls at being called a drama queen but take John’s heretofore unconfirmed bisexuality in stride.
Sherlock lays his head against John’s face, his wet curls flattening against the back of the chair. He strokes John in an exacting, agonizing rhythm and mouths into John’s ear.
John pulled his hand out of his trousers, wiping the excess dampness on the front of his shirt and tapped the record button on his phone.
Sherlock continued to look ahead, as if the sheer force of his gaze would propel him through the cafe doors and disentangle him from John’s grip. John wound his fingers into Sherlock’s. He could feel the tension in Sherlock’s hand, each digit rigid with unspoken frustration.
himself deep—before he was arching off the bed, spilling across his chest, shouting Sherlock’s name.
“‘After compiling the results of a survey sent to nearly four thousand participants across London, the top twenty most and least hated words have been revealed.’”
—a fat, round vowel, and a breath of consonant at the end. Malleable, mutable. Perhaps not such a terrible choice of word after all. A log in the fireplace snaps, bringing him back to the present.
ooh naughty dr watson!!! fair play to you. quite alright. U and your BF can take me out when im in town next!!! {xo - Luce}
John felt a sense of despair creep around the edges of his consciousness, thick and suffocating. He shook it off at once; it was just the alcohol attempting to
He thought back to Sherlock’s return from the dead, to his terrible laughter ringing through the abandoned Tube car after switching off a bomb and covering it up as
When Sherlock moved just past him, John shot out a hand and tugged him back by the wrist. He stood up gracelessly, his metal chair scraping against the stone floor loudly enough for the baristas to shoot him a glare in unison.
It was over far too soon. John applied even stronger pressure with his tongue the exact moment he snaked his other hand into Sherlock’s pants and began to stroke him with two hands and Sherlock exploded, his hands digging in to John’s scalp hard enough to sting, his shouts higher and louder in pitch than John would have imagined. John rode through the climax with him, pressing his body against Sherlock’s knees and knocking them both into the wall. Sherlock came so unexpectedly and so hard that John felt his sinuses burn and he broke off sputtering, eyes watering, and his heart light with joy and desire. He leaned his cheek against Sherlock’s shuddering thighs and panted into his skin. Sherlock slowly loosened his grip on John’s scalp and gently stroked the damp hair away from John’s forehead. They breathed into one another for a moment and then Sherlock reached down to fumble up his trousers, his knees knocking together comically. John winced as he got up from his knees; Victor’s coat was gorgeous—
Sherlock grins and dives in to kiss him again, running his tongue over John’s teeth while he’s laughing. He cups John’s face in his hands and sucks the rest of the words out of John’s mouth. John retaliates by focusing the friction of his leg, pulling Sherlock closer, and Sherlock’s eyelids begin to flutter shut, his mouth loose with need.
John’s fantasy unwound. Now he was sucking a welt into the fold of Sherlock’s groin and thigh, flattening the coarse hair with his lips and pulling skin into his
The pub smelt awful—the stench was nauseating—but John swallowed against the rising bile. He was not going to fucking puke on top of the rest of this humiliation. As soon as he could get up off the floor, he was going to slink out the side door and find a cab and ride it to the edge of the city and then just disappear. Into what, he didn’t know. The city itself, maybe, its anonymous grip strangling the personhood out of him. He just wanted to be
a joke. John recalled reluctantly joining in, his inability to keep this mad idiot from charming him, no matter how many times Sherlock proved his inhumanity. John
waft the curtains inward even more forcefully. They caressed the side of the damp bucket and stuck there, wrapped around the tin like lovers spooning under the
The hint of accusation in John’s voice forces Sherlock to turn his head away further, to conceal his smile before whirling around, composed.
desperate? Reaching for someone who didn’t reach back, just because she’d seemed like the best hope he had? And now that he’d given up without
Making matters worse, John thought Mother Nature might be mocking him, too. A gentle wind whispered seductively through his open window, billowing the curtains
John reached out and lifted the bottle, light as a feather now. He let the last of the wine trickle into his mouth, lukewarm and cloying.
He’d have to alter his ways, rethink everything he knew. All his best, most recent lines had to do with soft curves and cuppable breasts, or with delicate fingers
John grimaced. He’d forgotten all about Lucy in the momentum of him and Sherlock—which, he mused to himself, was and would likely continue to be the story of his
He scrolled through his short contact list and then, heart in his throat and limbs vibrating with excitement, he rang Sherlock.
John stares at him blankly, and Sherlock sighs. He knows he’s close to solving the problem. It’s the same way with any deduction, really, if a bit closer to home. He senses the space around the clue vibrating like a violin string, beating against the air molecules and disturbing them with quiet currents, circling outward from the problem. He doesn’t know what he is going to find, but he is compelled to search for it all the same.
He grabs the front of John’s jumper in his fists, pulling him forward, and John follows, trailing his hands down to curl around Sherlock’s thigh, pressing it harder between his legs. Sherlock’s mind stutters—John is moving underneath him, his hips rolling up against him, and it’s all happening so fast, he can’t catalogue each breath, each noise, like he needs to. Their mouths slide apart with a filthy smack, and Sherlock’s head fills with words he’d deleted years ago:
bloodless divorce, and before that, The Fall. John swallowed. Even now, years away from the sight of his best friend’s skull cracked on the pavement like an imploded
He’s not entirely surprised that John hasn’t followed him down the hall. For all that they live practically on top of one another, books and equipment and tea things overlapping and intermingling, they’ve each managed to respect the sanctity of the other’s bedroom. Odd.
It seemed his acquiescence was something he could only see through wine-colored glasses. Somehow, deep down—and he truly understood that this wasn’t self-
Because of course—oh, yes—in addition to being everything else John knew he wasn’t—tall, posh, well-spoken, subtle, classically handsome, long-fingered—GOD, he really needed to stop cataloging this before he lost his mind—Victor also had a beautiful light grey woolen coat. One that almost put Sherlock’s Belstaff to shame.
John had never heard a note as deep as the groan that escaped Sherlock’s throat at the first hint of suction. He was more encouraged by that single, wordless noise than he had ever been in any previous lovemaking experience. He pressed his right palm flat against Sherlock’s bowing hip to steady him and used the hand wrapped around Sherlock’s cock to work a tight, steady rhythm.
He felt something reverberating against the roof of his mouth and realized with a start that it was his own involuntary moaning, vibrating around the width of Sherlock’s cock and humming in time to their rhythm. John had never been more turned on in his life. His knees were slipping against the satin of Trevor’s coat lining and more than once he had to steady himself against Sherlock—Sherlock, who was bucking so hard off the wall, he almost knocked the both of them down. It was messy and ridiculous and unflinchingly intimate and John would have happily died in that moment.
considered the bottle again—Lucy must have paid a fortune to have it couriered across town—then he shrugged, untied the ribbon, and dropped the card into the rubbish bin
John glanced about for a mirror. The one above the washstand was primitive and warped so he ignored it in favor of his phone. He hated the way the self-camera
There was no response, no dots. John held his breath. He knew better than to push too hard, look too eager, but now he worried he’d blown his chance to have this conversation—this
John pressed his face into the duvet and moaned aloud, his hips canting into the dips in the mattress underneath. He rutted into the bed hard enough to make his
John glanced at his watch. Not even half-seven and he was edging toward restlessness at an alarming pace. Now that the conference was finished and he’d had his
The earnest young man at the off-license had insisted that screw-top wines were currently the height of hipness and John had been grateful. The wine itself wasn’t
He snakes his hand up John’s jumper, his untucked shirt. “We could—instead—” Sherlock lays his hand across John’s stomach. It’s hot and soft and damp, and he only feels his palm splayed against it for a brief, aching moment before John slides his hand out and tilts his mouth up to Sherlock’s ear.
Why wouldn’t he be nervous? He’d been the one to cut Sherlock off, after all. He’d been the one to declare a moratorium on late night texts and on showing up unannounced to sweep John off to grisly crime scenes and then abandon him there with no cab fare home. He’d been the one – and here he can feel his face grow hot with months-late embarrassment – to tell Sherlock to “fuck completely off” after he’d sabotaged yet another of John’s dismal dates. But John hadn’t stopped there, had he? He’d finished off that rant well and good: “And you can stop playing the jealous boyfriend while you’re at it.”
assign value to.” John smiles while he crosses his arms over his chest and slides down in his chair, tucking his chin into gingham and wool. “You’ve proven my point. Ta for that.”
. There he was. Victor Trevor, tall and lithe, striding off to the loo, his perfect head with its perfect hair and its perfectly smug expression bobbing above the commoners’ heads like a king amongst his subjects. If Victor elbow-waved, John was going to mount the bar and catapult himself into Victor’s perfect face and knock his perfect teeth down his throat.
, John thought with an eye-roll—and they were both a little too skilled at method acting for John’s tastes. They even looked the part of a couple: two tall, thin, exquisite men, Victor as lovely and dark as Sherlock was incandescent and light, both clad in beautiful tailored clothing that had obviously come from one of those boutiques with a single name on the brass plate outside the otherwise innocuous door.
Sherlock was leaned back in his chair, as far away as he could get whilst remaining seated at their table. He was looking at John steadily, his expression unreadable, and John had never felt more exposed. He looked down again, wrapping his hands around the mug of tea to draw out the warmth, a shield against Sherlock’s cold, colorless eyes.
Sherlock needed more of the former, less of the latter to take him apart. Proper names for improper things.
kick Mercanto unconscious,” Victor had continued. “A doubly impressive feat, really.” Sherlock had said nothing, had simply gazed out across the bar as if spying something deduction-worthy tucked beneath the dartboard.
For a long, weightless moment, everything disappeared. He allowed the bliss-tinged nothingness to claim him. Just a humming in his ears. Maybe the crickets had gone
—he’d said so. John Watson had opened his idiot mouth in the hush of morning, and, his wonderment as clear as day, had said,
“Mmm?” Sherlock looked up, his eyes refocusing on John as if just realizing he was still there. “Oh, nothing. Nobody, I mean. How’s the clinic?”
Sherlock rolls his shoulders and shakes out his hands. He thinks about the word, breathes into it, takes it into himself. He studies John’s face in repose, his tense hands secured tightly under his crossed arms and his feet working against one another in a constant, circular motion. Sherlock needs to make John understand. Somehow it’s the key to all of this. Sherlock clears his throat.
blinking away tears at the most romantic, absurd confession he’d ever heard, and from his mad, brilliant best friend no less.
After the summit, he’d scanned the hotel bar eagerly only to find her at the center of a group of men, each vying for her attention. John cringed whilst remembering
Sherlock isn’t fooled. He can sense John’s hands clenching and unclenching beneath him. He hovers there a moment, breath fanning against the side of John’s face and rifling the short hairs just above the shell of his ear. Then, barely a whisper.
They both fell silent. John could hear the chirps of crickets once again, joined by a susurrus of trees rustling, and he felt his cheeks burn at the memory of
Sherlock doesn’t respond. When he bunches up the thin edge of the towel, he can dry the tricky bits under his fingernails. John is closer now. His voice rises up at the ends of his sentences.
John swallowed against the lump in his throat. He tested the words silently against his tongue before committing them to text.
“You can’t make me understand someone else’s passion, Sherlock. I either feel it or I don’t. And I don’t, which is why I find the whole thing interesting, yeah, but puzzling.”
John let himself imagine, for a moment, his hands splayed across that pale chest, running his tongue through the sparse black hairs whilst he thumbed Sherlock’s
missed the background noise, a thick, regular slap of skin against skin. His mind caught up a beat later, just as the recording stopped.
.” Sherlock ends this sentence on a sneer, throwing himself against the back of the couch. His bare toes dig into the floor in an effort to keep him from getting up and pacing. He doesn’t like it when the routine shifts, when John’s
Sherlock watches John’s eyes trail back and forth across lines of print. “And I don’t understand why you insist on gathering up that kindling, anyway,” he continues. He’s losing ground. “You can find everything on your mobile more quickly and without having to go outside.”
“John.” He said it a third time. This time, the single word was all emotions at once: warning, desire, curiosity, shame, love, humor. John used it as fuel, used it to propel himself forward even further, nosing apart Sherlock’s flies and licking the broadside of Sherlock’s exposed cock. Sherlock’s knees wobbled at once, and John pressed him harder against the wall, not caring if the rough brick was bruising Sherlock’s coccyx. He wanted Sherlock to feel this now and remember it tomorrow, and the next day and the next. There was only one chance for a first time and John wanted this to be etched into Sherlock’s memory forever.
Sherlock is rewarded by another snort from John. Sherlock smiles. John’s understood the context immediately. He lets the vision dissolve with gratitude.
He opens one eye and turns his head to take in the open expanse of the room, where John is hunched in his chair, reading silently and with avid interest.
Leaning over Sherlock to pull the list away, to stop his mad flatmate from scribbling more nonsense at the bottom of the shopping list, and that pretentious dressing gown—the new one, the silk creased from being packed into a neat square all the way home from Marrakesh—had gaped at the neck and John had
—and feels the word rising in his throat, thick and stinging with vitriol. He roars it out on a long exhale, throwing the grief and anger of their forced separation behind it, “Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!”
He cautiously summons Moriarty’s face again, smug and merciless and full of manic glee, and he feels the burn begin deep in his chest. Flames lick the side of his ribcage, his breath is hot and laboured in his throat—
He imagined Sherlock waiting for him on the other end, perhaps stilling his hands in anticipation of John’s voice.
“Yeah, I am,” she agreed. “But you should go get him anyway. I honestly think that Victor bloke would bum him right there on the bar, given half a chance.” She faux-shuddered before pushing John forward with those sharp, jabbing fingers.
Skimming his phone, Sherlock burst into boyish peals of laughter and the rest of John’s words died in his throat. He watched Sherlock’s face whilst he responded, his eyes creased with happiness and an easy smile playing on his lips.
distorted his face—small vanities—so he stayed where he was, flat on his back, holding the phone out as far as his arms could reach and turning it back to front.
John ran a hand through his hair, riled up in that particular way that only Sherlock could stimulate. Frustrated, climbing the walls, and yet completely
John felt his face sour into a grimace. His tongue felt tingly though he couldn’t have said whether it was from the wine or the numbness that was spreading through
Sherlock collapses forward, the heels of his hands hitting the chair cushion so hard it bounces John toward him, almost knocking their foreheads together. John shakes his head back and forth between Sherlock’s splayed hands, his face damp and anguished.
John’s voice sounds innocent enough, but Sherlock knows that look. It’s the look of John overworking his ordinary brain, trying to make a statement, trying to stage some kind of coup. Sherlock studies him a long moment, then—a revelation. “Oh!”
), they can’t hold him. He keeps losing his place. On every upstroke, Sherlock breathes into John’s mouth with a reedy, “ah!” until John pulls away with a shaky, humorless laugh.
“Ohhhh,” he croons, letting his breath trace the curve of John’s cheek and curl under his chin. Then, without giving John a chance to recover, he sighs again, hitching the word at the end as if it’s being torn from his throat. ”
Sherlock steeples his fingers under his nose and closes his eyes against the weak winter light threading through the curtains. He’s working on a problem. There is something the matter with John. His moods have been darker throughout the past several weeks, his temper flaring more frequently. A snarl of anger and then, just as quickly, a friendly elbow jab to Sherlock’s side—high Watsonian praise—or the brilliant flash of a smile for the simplest deduction. Sherlock tries to loop his mind around the problem, lassoing one idea fragment before it can connect to another, before the two can dissolve into one another and re-form as something new. He plays through this kaleidoscopic mind game for several moments without interruption.
. Sherlock peels his lip back in a sneer and flicks the word off his tongue as if spitting out a stray bit of tobacco, keeping his inflection flat, unamused.
He reeled back. This was a level of cruelty he’d not been expecting. Would he rather be there instead of Sherlock’s date? Some fit bloke. Aristocratic, brilliant—
He couldn’t type that response, certainly, but he couldn’t think of another, so he let his phone fall onto the bedcovers and stared down at Sherlock’s last message
John toed off his brown leather shoes, not bothering to undo the laces, and then cracked each big toe against the opposite ankle before sitting crossed-legged on
A lick of flames flared bright in his groin and abdomen, making him roll his hips involuntarily. He yanked out his shirttails. The points were limp with sweat.
He exhaled and put his arms over John’s, twining their fingers together. He’d have been content to lie there all night, but the air was cool against his exposed skin and things felt distinctly cold and sticky down around his groin. He tried to shift on to his side, but John stopped him.
John picked up the phone again. “You’ve got us hopping around the hemispheres, sweeping up the lost pieces of your jigsaw puzzle - we’ve got our own problems here. We haven’t even begun to see any patterns, let alone the whole picture. What would be the point of returning?” He tossed the phone back onto the bed.
“Sherlock!” He looked around, eyes wide, but three of the DMs were chatting and none of the others were paying attention. “What are you doing? You’re going to blow our cover!”
When he is about to throw the butt to the ground, I snatch it from him and wave it close to my chest, along my collar and down my arms. Glenn continues with his insolence, saying, “I don’t wanna know.” As if I would tell him. We repeat the procedure later in the afternoon and at 3:30, I follow him out of the building.
He heard the snick as John reopened the bottle of lube. Then he circled the base of Sherlock’s cock with two warm slick fingers and slid up to the base of his crown, twisting as he went, then returning with his whole fist. Up and down only at first, slowly, and Sherlock clamped his teeth down on a wail, feeling strung as tight as his violin. John gradually increased the speed of his strokes, allowing the gentlest glide and circle over the head. Sherlock panted, torn between wanting the release he could sense barrelling towards him and wanting to stay here, forever, wrapped in John and at the mercy of his clever hands. He started to lift his hips, thrusting in time with John’s stroke, and heard a moan vibrate through John’s chest. John’s hand tightened; a few more strokes and Sherlock thrust, once, twice, and once more, and then froze with his arse up off the sofa, coming in John’s brilliant, perfect grip, every muscle taut, a cascade of stars exploding across the inside of his brain.
“I can guarantee that he hasn’t forgotten. Either your irritation is an inadequate deterrent or he’s being deliberately provocative.”
John gave him a wicked grin. “We have an ice bucket.”  He fished an ice cube out of the bucket on one of the nightstands.  “And it’s full of ice.”
Sherlock spun him around by the shoulders and pressed him up against the door. He pressed his whole body up against him, knowing his cock would be grinding into his hip. He looked straight into his eyes and, his voice husky, said, “I don’t care who does what to who or who goes where. I need my hands on you and yours on me, before I start thinking I’ve imagined the whole thing.”
Warmth was the first sensation that came back to him, the warmth of John’s chest against his back and his arms - both of them - across Sherlock’s chest. John was trembling slightly, his face buried at the juncture of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder. “Jesus Christ, you’re so beautiful,” he felt John murmur against his skin.
At that moment, the curious DM, whose armband flashed red, approached them. He nodded with a pleasant smile at John, who nodded back.
They giggled until Sherlock realized that John had missed a few spots. He got up, slipped on his dressing gown and went for a flannel to clean up the stickiness.
She clucked her tongue at him. “I wouldn’t tolerate it, John. I prefer to nip those little things in the bud, before they escalate. And the closer the correction comes to the behavior, the more effective it will be. Sherlock knows how to behave himself, and he’s perfectly capable, no matter how peevish he feels. Don’t let him fool you.”
“Now, Sherlock, what would a true dom do? We’re obviously on ‘Buddha’s’ radar.” Sherlock could hear the contempt. “What is he expecting? Tell me. Do we need to maintain our cover?”
John saw Sherlock watching him out of the corner of his eye, then quickly looking away so as not to be caught when John looked at him. “You’re saying that he actually knew that he was misbehaving?”
“For a spanking, I would have him leave his shirt on. It’s somehow more mortifying to have only your bum exposed. Wouldn’t you agree, Sherlock?”
Sherlock didn’t answer. He just smiled and guided himself down slowly, stopping to adjust to John’s width. He sighed, and sank gradually, while John held still, as if he were afraid to disturb Sherlock’s concentration or break the moment in any way. He allowed Sherlock to control the movement and just watched as the expressions on his face changed: a flicker of pain, relaxation, pleasure.
“I read in some Western/alternative medicine crossover journal that there were lots of spots in the feet that had to do with headaches, and one of the recommendations for a migraine was massaging the soles of the feet.” He paused, and Sherlock could hear his smile in his voice. “Seems like it might be working?”
John shivered, the desire to bite and lick along the taut lines of his tendons distracting him from what he was doing. He heard the water in the shower shut off and it snapped him out of his reverie. He set to work with renewed vigour and thinking of the limited laundry resources, swallowed every drop when Sherlock came a few moments later.
“Only when he’s in a particularly suspicious mood,” Sherlock replied. His voice sounded tinny through the receiver in John’s ear.
“Hold on! There are so many things wrong with what you just said, I don’t even know where to start.”
“Excellent. Let’s get a cab then.” He turned, confidently, chin up, and took a step towards the exit, when John grabbed his arm.
John lifted his chin and touched his lips to Sherlock’s. All the tension drained from his muscles and he sank into the kiss like slipping into a warm bath after a long hard day. John slid his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and said, “I very much liked taking you in hand last night, but I think I’d like just to get to know you this first time, Sherlock. Yeah?”
“I’ve been trying to tell you, Sherlock. There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact. We still have a lot to talk about. But first, please. Sit down and let me serve you dinner? Sir?”
“The Count’s study is on the second floor,” Sherlock murmured quietly in his ear. It was the first time he’d spoken since he’d given them the champagne. John exhaled and felt a little of the tension drop from his shoulders.
“There’s a good lad.” John slipped his hand under Sherlock’s shirt and scratched his back gently. A shiver passed over Sherlock’s skin and John spread his fingers and rubbed in gentle circles. “That’s right. So what should I do? You tell me.”
Sherlock stood up, feeling proud in spite of himself. With his back still turned toward John, he adjusted his waistband and cautiously said, “Uh, John, Sir, I don’t really know how to...I’m having a problem with—“
“Yes, yes. To the point, then,” Mycroft said quickly. “Certain cells of the network have gone rather…quiet. They’re not with you by any chance?”
I have a plan. It will require exquisite timing and all of my dramatic skills. And a transgression that merits a spanking: smoking.
“Absolutely not.” John walked over to him and pulled him to his feet. “First we talk. As humans. One person with another. Turns out we hardly know each other. Or at least this part of each other. So sit.” John looked him up and down and licked his bottom lip. “No. First we change our clothes. Then tea and sandwiches. And then we talk.”
John looked at him, opened his mouth, and closed it again. He thought for a moment, then said, “I don’t want to know, do I?”
Irene proceeded headlong into her description, moving fluidly around the room. “If he’d been on a case over the intervening period, his instructions were to keep track of his infractions, which included,” she ticked them off on her fingers, “making anyone cry, endangering himself or others, insults, and various other issues. The Detective Inspector would get in touch for anything particularly egregious.”
Keeping Irene’s tips in mind, John administered his first spanking. “Do you usually keep count?” he asked her.
There was a sharp knock on the door.  Sherlock looked over at John, eyebrows raised in alarm.  “Are you…?”
“It’s the least you can do,” he told Mycroft, once he found his voice. “We’re trying to clean up your messes, for god’s sake.”
“Yeeeees. Let’s just set it all to the side and see the job out to the end. We can…hash this,” he waved his hand to take in everything around them, “all out when you’ve figured it out. The case, I mean.”
John placed the bag on the floor again and unzipped it just enough to draw out the crop. “Try it out. Apply some of the discipline you so seriously lack.” He pushed Sherlock down again, then bent over himself, his hand still in place. “First, tell me what you thought of him.”
John shrugged and Irene enthused. ‘Capital!” She turned her attention to Sherlock. “. “So. What are you being spanked for Sherlock?”
“This is opening up a whole new world for me. For us,” he said lightly as he ran his hands over Sherlock’s chest and sides, luxuriating in the feel of lean muscles and smooth skin under his fingers.
John read the email and then threw back his head and laughed. Sherlock watched his Adam’s apple bob up and down. “Sex club? Is that it? Are you afraid of going to a sex club? Not afraid of jumping across rooftops, but a little grab and tickle sends you skittering like a rabbit? Oh, come on, I dare you.”
Relief at their narrow escape flooded him and he giggled, feeling light and dizzy.  Then he glanced over at Sherlock, who was gripping the wheel of the limo, eyes grimly fixed on the road ahead.
He walked through the open flat door to the sight of Sherlock on his knees in the middle of the room. “Oh no. There’s plenty of time for that. First we talk.”
“You’re left-handed aren’t you? You’ll want the brush in your dominant hand. Sherlock you have to face the other way.” Huffing in frustration, he got up and reversed himself. Both men shifted, trying to find comfortable positions.
“Oh, it’s early yet. Things don’t really get started till twelve or twelve-thirty. This your first time?”
John stripped himself with astonishing efficiency, then gripping his own cock in his fist. Sherlock heard John grunt and knew he was close, so close to his own release. “Good, good boy, stay with me. Does anything hurt? Sherlock, does anything hurt?” He gripped Sherlock’s curls and jostled his head a little. “Does anything hurt, Sherlock?”
I’m actually behaving myself. John, of course, thinks it’s the spankings. Laughable. I have scars on my back. I went to public school! If he’d threaten me with the cane, perhaps the memories would be intimidating, but a spanking? It’s the sad look on his face every time I break one of his bloody rules. It’s humiliating.
Sherlock snapped his mouth shut and began scanning the packages. As Irene started counting down from ten, he handed her the spaghetti packet.
him there, head cocked to one side, barely controlling an incredulous grin, caught between calling him “brilliant” and, likely, “a giant tit.”
He tips his head to the side, allowing the longest of his curls to trail across John’s cheek. He takes another long draw of air and breathes into the space next to John once again.
Sherlock hears John’s voice in his head as if his flatmate is standing right behind him, and he jumps.
downy softness and crossing his arms over his chest. Though he was all alone in Scotland, away from friends and colleagues having a night out, he felt better after
U talk about UR mad sexy flatmate all the time. i just assumed ;) i’ll be @ the QEII in november for soft tissue oncology conf!!! keep the champers - drinks on U
care. Instead, he sat and cataloged his emotions, ticking them off one by one in preparation to cork them up again.
two more healthy swigs without the next line of text appearing. Sherlock was either considering his words carefully or he was starting to feel the effects of the
star, John could not keep his heart and stomach from switching places when he thought of it, a roller coaster plunge of fear and darkness.
He recalled the trajectory of Sherlock’s expressions that night with perfect clarity: shocked, crestfallen, hooded, empty.
The result was laughable but forged an honest portrait. His shirt collar was damp and skewed, his hair tamped down across his forehead but sticking up in the back
s—he can feel John’s leg stroking his full length. Sherlock swallows a moan, and John open his eyes at the sound, staring at Sherlock’s throat while it rises and falls.
vibrations reaching his ears even from the door, and the screen colored a few surrounding inches of the duvet an ethereal blue before it winked out again. John
Sherlock swallows hard, looking away. He busies himself, swirling his coat around his shoulders and fumbling the knot to his scarf. Taking a breath, he pulls energy into his limbs and storms across the flat as if he’s
And Sherlock had just watched him, still as a statue. His narrow features were smooth, unreadable as he watched John Watson leave the flat in a flurry of nerves and stumbling footfalls and jangling keys. The last glimpse he’d had inside the flat was of Sherlock, swathed in eighteen million metres of smoky Moroccan silk, staring back with his uncanny, heterochromic eyes.
then thought about the simple joy of falling asleep under the soft, heavy duvet and left it. He drank again, then set the bottle on the nightstand atop a doily he
Sherlock went off like dynamite. “Oh, John, I’m coming!” he wailed, the phone vibrating against John’s cheek. “You're making me come!”
John returned to the call and pressed the phone against his ear to hear quiet breathing on the other end, intimate in a way that clutched at his heart. Sherlock was
Down the block, a horn honks twice, followed by a small eruption of voices, and then silence. Sherlock hears the jangle of keys and the soft thud of the front door. Mrs. Hudson is leaving for the shops, right on schedule.
John sat back down in his chair again, boneless. He gazed into the muddy liquid in his mug for a long moment before pushing it away.
back to ease the flow of alcohol—was he that close to the end of it?—and his head spun a little when he tilted upright again.
to apologize but he can’t. His chest is too full of glittering, sorrowing shards to feel contrite and
could someone so alien and aloof still look very nearly like he belonged, like an otherwise flawless drawing just barely smudged by a thumbprint?  John was still
This time, when Sherlock speaks, it sounds like a sob, even to his own ears. “Oh,” he says, then louder, “
John knew he hadn’t been crazy, that he’d read Lucy’s flirtations correctly, but he still felt foolish for looking forward to this weekend with such eagerness, for
John releases outward, and Sherlock slips his long limb into the hollow. After a moment, John closes his legs around Sherlock’s and pulls him in. Sherlock’s scalp tingles with understanding. This—
her long distance, mostly through text and social media—he was shit on the phone, really—and tonight, at the Glasgow BMA summit, they’d had plans to meet back up and
Sherlock takes care not to follow the motion with his eyes. “So, you’re interested not as a writer but as an outsider. As someone who feels very little for something that others feel very strongly about.”
John Watson had never wanted to lay claim to another human being as desperately and as publicly as he did at that moment. Not to show up Victor, not to out them both in front of their friends-slash-erstwhile employers, but to show Sherlock that he was loved, wanted, claimed. For all of John’s history of pining and insecurity when it came to loving Sherlock, now that he openly did, at least between the two of them, he was proud of it, and he wanted Sherlock to know he was confident in it, in
—Sherlock was lit like a pre-Raphaelite, his bare shoulders and the angles of his face softened by shadow. John took in the tension of
Sherlock’s eyes looked almost black in the dim light of the alley and John liked to imagine it was desire bleeding out the grey-blue-silver and replacing it with ink. What little illumination there was reflected off the silver lining of Victor’s coat, shining wetly in the mud-tinged slush. John leaned forward, hands gripping Sherlock’s legs just above each knee, and gazed at his boyfriend placidly.
John with his tongue—but John presses his head back against the chair, away from Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock gives chase, but John tilts away again, a half-smile blooming at Sherlock’s frustration.
It took a liberal amount of time and John’s gentle, wordless murmuring for Sherlock to settle down. After, Sherlock cleared his throat and the timbre was low again,
the context, John. Whatever word you chose in that moment became rife with significance. That’s what gives words their true power. What they mean is important, yes, but also how they’re said and what they stand for in that moment.”
The air had cooled considerably in the past quarter hour, a breeze rattling the loose windowpanes, and John considered closing the windows against the chill but
The silence lasted long enough for John to realize that night had fallen completely. The cricket chorus was now a full orchestra. The wind had picked up enough to
his eager approach, all smiles and swagger, stopping short when Lucy fluttered her fingers at him in mild recognition before turning back to her assembly and ignoring
“And THAT,” Victor had said in his booming, box office voice, oozing sensuality and smarm in equal measure, “Is when I wrested the phone away from Mercanto. And when Sherlock flew in, limbs pinwheeling—
to steady himself on the washstand and yank up his trousers before stumbling to the door, bracing a hand on either side of the frame.
John’s grin disappeared at once. He pushed back against the pillows, struggling to sit upright. What the hell was he supposed to say to that? What
“Of course you can understand, John. Words are powerful. They inspire, they galvanize, they can overcome. Writing them, reading them, speaking them, hearing them. They’ve more weight than even weapons. Anyone can understand that.”
Sherlock shifts to relieve the pressure of the floor against his backside and uncrosses his long legs, careful not to topple the stacks of CDs, records, and cassettes crowded around him. He rolls each ankle, loosening the joints and wincing when his bones crack and pop, before re-crossing his legs in the opposite formation.
As it was, he caught up with Victor just before the heavy wooden door—“Gents” scrawled in thick black script, just starting to chip away—closed behind him. John wedged his hand between the door and doorframe, then slid into the single-occupancy room, his short but broad form taking up most of the remaining space. Victor spun around, his cashmere coat settling around him like water, a frown etched into his flawless features, making him look both stern and bored. Perfect. John grinned at him.
“Because I don’t want you accusing me of cheating with gesticulations or facial expressions. You should be able to guess context from vocal shifts alone.”
The thing was, he reasoned, it wasn’t about getting off. Not exactly. He liked Lucy but if he examined his part of the misunderstanding more closely, yes, the
John relaxes back into his chair, though his mouth stays tight with worry, his lips pulled down over his teeth. Sherlock feels a tiny blossom of unease unfold in his chest. John is already on edge, casually resistant. If Sherlock wants to uncover the source of John’s recent strange behaviour, he might try infusing the word with gentler tones and inflection.
And that was it, wasn’t it? That was the most John could offer. Free reign to let someone else weave his way into their lives and possibly—
Noise filled his ears immediately—Sherlock crying out, his voice higher and more frantic than John was expecting.
“So?” John grunts out, biting down on Sherlock’s lower lip until Sherlock is sure he will die from it. He squeezes his eyes against the onslaught of teeth and slippery suction, giving in to John’s ministrations for a long, sloppy moment before gathering himself again.
Sally scoffed. Jesus, she scoffed well. John could feel the force of it pushing back his self-pity and filling the newly empty space with disdain. He straightened his shoulders under her frank gaze and felt the beginnings of sobriety whisper in his ear.
“Yeah, ‘course I have. Harry and I once said the word ‘milk’ over a hundred times one afternoon. It started off sounding normal, and then it just sort of disintegrated.”
he’d anticipated. The fact that he felt as though he’d stepped off a playground carousel was not helping. John held his spinning head in his tented fingers for a
trousers and pants, then pulled back the duvet and crawled into bed, reaching out to shut the light off completely. In the darkness, he fumbled for his phone.
Through his open bedroom door, he can see John at the opposite end of the flat, sitting at their shared work table. His shoulders are hunched up around ears that are fitted with cushy, oversized headphones, the blue light from his laptop illuminating his work-worn, lovely face. John’s fingers are pressed firmly against his mouth, obscuring it completely, and his eyes are shut, his brows drawn together in concentration.
.” Sherlock grips the arms of the chair and dips forward, his chest suspended mere centimeters above John’s. John chokes in air, his chest expanding once, hugely, then holds his breath.
“I was putting tea on, wasn’t I?” John says lightly, and Sherlock nods, sliding off the chair backwards.
Sherlock set the mug down in front of him, circling it ‘round so the handle pointed left. A motion borne of long-standing habit, perhaps, but it gave John hope nonetheless.
Sherlock knew; he was spiraling too hard to ask the proper questions at the moment—but there was no going back now that the Yard had signed off on Sherlock even being there after the last case with the fire and the missing keys and the botched kidnapping and the near-asphyxiation.
them. After all of John’s clumsy attempts to forge a relationship with someone else, perhaps it was Sherlock’s turn. Who was he to be so selfish?
John Watson lets the basket sink to the floor at last, stretching back his aching palm with the opposite hand. He stares into nothing for a moment. Replays that thought.
, he thought, and Sherlock grinned at him weakly. John laughed out loud at how easily Sherlock had deduced his thoughts.
Sherlock is silent, solemn. He lifts his head, and John looks up at him, brushing Sherlock’s fringe away from his eyes.
Against his lips, he can feel John swallow again, and he bites down gently on the movement, moaning the word into the back of his teeth, against John’s flesh.
John Watson fishes his vibrating phone out of his jacket pocket, heart in his throat. He swipes the screen with shaking fingers, and then drops his basket on the grocer’s floor.
innocuous serif script. John scooted backward on the bed and nestled into the pillows, flipping past the copyright and dedication pages.
“—screen, fine, but I don’t understand why there’s heated opinion, why people are disgusted or delighted with words. I don’t understand the—”
his hand would slip in the slush and now he was literally elbow deep in it, a patch on the worn fabric of his jacket darkening like a bloodstain. John covered his face with trembling fingers, not caring that boozy, pissy, stinking grime was coating his lashes, sticking them together. Though drunk, he still had his wits about him. He was as close to laughing as he was to crying but it was a near thing. He needed to get up, get out, and soon.
The paper rattles louder as if John is shaking it back and forth, possibly grinding it between his teeth.
Their breathing slows while the seconds tick by. Sherlock rests his head on top of John’s, and John layers kisses into the crook of his neck, under his ear, along the side of his jaw. He hums in pleasure, rubbing his curly head against the soft bristles of John’s hair, and John’s contented sigh is muffled against him.
glancing back into his room. The soft lamplight bracketed his bed in arc of warm circles and as he watched, his phone lit up with multiple messages, the soft
“On your feet, soldier,” she said and John was upright with a grunt and a heave and only one embarrassing foot-slide.
Sherlock smiles. He loves it when John is accidentally revelatory. He weaves his fingers together across his chest. “What don’t you understand?”
Sherlock moves his head infinitesimally closer to John’s but still not close enough to touch. He inhales silently, holding the breath for a long count of three, and then exhales, flooding the single word with something close to reverence, “Ohhh.”
“No, hang on. Are you...is that...are you seeing someone?” John sat up straighter in his chair, a muscle in his cheek beginning to dance out of rhythm.
“Look, I can hear what you’re trying to get across, I can.” John is smiling, placating, but his eyes are anxious. “But it’s just playacting. This isn’t context. It’s Charades.”
Can you two quit gabbing like girls for a sec? We want a group photo but he won’t stop texting long enough to look up. <Greg>
John pulled back, just enough to slide a hand in between the open folds of Sherlock’s heavy wool coat, and pressed his fingers into Sherlock’s chest, a smug nod to Victor’s earlier, possessive handling. The pressure of John’s blunt, forceful touch said, “Mine.” And to John’s delight, Sherlock pressed back, leaning his chest into the gesture and matching the pressure of John’s lips. They bowed into each other, all the carefulness of their initial encounters dissolving in the heat between them and the chill around them.
Sherlock leaned forward, wool-clad elbows skimming the table whilst his thumbs tapped out a rapid-fire reply on his phone. John was being summarily dismissed. He swallowed noisily.
). The look on John’s face, a mix of incredulousness and exasperation, punches a hole through Sherlock’s ribs, pouring something bright and hot and hypnotizing into his lungs.
But this isn’t the solution. This isn’t John understanding. It’s him marveling (or insulting Sherlock) over the ordinary, the obvious. Sherlock needs something more potent.
charcoal-blue shirt rucked up against the strain of his outstretched arm. His hair was a proper wreck, dark curls smashed against the arm of the couch and his brows
John was up and off the bed in one move, feeling the room swing around him. This was Sherlock, vulnerable. Questioning himself. Was it wrong for John to ride this
When he reaches the door to their flat, he lays his gloved hand on the doorknob but doesn’t twist it, not yet. Sherlock cannot resist looking back once again. The sun’s gravity is too strong, always.
“Oh!” Sherlock’s voice rings out in the flat, high and clear and equal parts astonishment and triumph. He opens his eyes to see his own hand extended as if holding up the foil to the sky, watching it wink and sparkle in the weak sunlight.
too mechanical, too unfeeling. Sherlock frowns. Could his experiment be better served by a different sort of reasoning? Would that lead to clearer results? He narrows his eyes at the controlled clutter surrounding him.
Sherlock’s phone was newer than John’s, the camera finer, so it captured the subtlest of details. Even in the dim glow of his bedroom—
Spices and tea. Tobacco and ink. And, underlying it all, something sweet and soft and quiet and delicious. John scrubs at the stubble on his chin, the scent memory circling him like spirits at a séance. Sherlock Holmes had smelled like something John wants to smell again. And again.
John’s heart sped up. That was—well, John wasn’t sure what that was. It sounded like a compliment—maybe even an honest one, if Sherlock was inebriated enough to
“I was canceling your lease,” Sherlock said. “You’ll need to be out by the 15th or you’ll lose your deposit.”
John snorts. ‘I’m sure you’ll find a way to cheat regardless,” but he closes his eyes, furrowing his brow as he does. “Get on with it, then.”
“You know, John,” he begins between kisses, amazed at how nearly normal he sounds. “These trousers are part of a bespoke suit.”
He scans the stacks he’s made of John’s music, arranged into neat piles according to specific criteria—scratches on the vinyl, fingerprints on the plastic cases, whether the album was purchased new or secondhand, how many copies were sold in the first week of release, relative attractiveness of band members, electric versus acoustic instruments, whether or not the liner notes are intact, wear and tear around the center hole of the record, if there are multiple formats of the same album in the collection, and whether or not the album is a foreign edition.
“Here—” John cleared his throat, jumpstarting his ruined voice. “I’m here, Sherlock. So sorry, love. I got—ah, carried away.”
,” Sherlock gasps, his lips bumping away to form the syllable of his name, and John pulls Sherlock back to him, pulls Sherlock’s lips apart with his own, sinking his hands deeper into Sherlock’s hair and kissing him wide open. Sherlock’s heart is pounding in his ears, but even that does little to drown out the sound of John’s chair scraping on the floor when they rock together.
Sherlock groaned at the thought of having to talk about his feelings. But he was too drowsy to argue. John and his endorphins had done their work… which reminded him of something. “What about you?” He tried to raise his head to look at John, but John gently tugged his head back down and wrapped his other arm around him. Sherlock snuggled in closer.
Sherlock tugged on the leash and when John leaned down, he said, “Put your hand on my head. You’re supposed to be my master. And...you know, my...” he whispered. “lover.”
“Well, I just wanted to welcome you. I like to greet everyone who comes through the door, even if it’s a one time visit?”
I unbutton my coat and check for the odor level. Unmistakable. John leans towards me and sniffs. “Is that smoke?”
Sherlock paused for a moment longer then said, “Yes, well enough showing off, let’s get going. I want to be there early enough to observe the dungeon masters before the crowd gets too...well, let's say rumbustious.” He picked up a large, tightly packed knapsack, the handle of his crop poking out at the top.
“Sweden has been hanging around the usual locations,” he continued, his voice a bit unsteady, “offering his… decorative cutlery, at rock bottom prices and there hasn’t even been a nibble. I’m wondering if we wouldn’t have more luck with Kazakhstan. The country, not—never mind; you know.
“Not now, Mrs. Hudson. Busy. Very busy!” Sherlock took the stairs three at a time and John followed, muttering, “Tomorrow. Late morning. Early evening maybe. Got to go...uh, make sure... Good night.”
“Stop it. I know what you’re doing and you need to stop it. Nobody could have done what you did and if you torture yourself like this, you won’t be able to keep on. I won’t let you. I’ll tell Greg to stop calling. You’re making yourself sick. You’re getting a migraine, aren’t you?”
John bent his head to nose at Sherlock’s cock, stiff and purple, as hot as the flesh under his hands. He gave the head an experimental lick.
They kissed and touched, hands moving slowly, caressing and exploring in slow motion but not tentatively--just in admiration and awe. John turned Sherlock and guided him to sit on the bed. Sherlock resisted halfway down and looked at him questioningly but John nodded and pressed on his thighs to encourage him to sit. John stroked up and down his thighs and squeezed the long rangy muscles. He slid his hands around and under his arse. He kissed the tip of his cock and Sherlock’s head dropped back for a moment. He continued kissing up and down the length of him, gripping the round muscles tightly. When John opened his mouth and slowly dropped down, Sherlock looked at him and John met his eyes. He lowered his head further and Sherlock began to breathe with his mouth open. John continued to slide down until there was nowhere else to go. He began to bob rhythmically, tears gathering in his eyes, but not deterred. He kept up his motions, and the sound of his struggles not to gag almost sent Sherlock over the edge, but he pushed him off gently. “No,” he gasped, “not yet. Come up here. My turn.”
Sherlock stared back. “I’d roll my eyes, but that would be a serious breach of discipline. You’d have to punish me. Although you may have to anyway. But no advantage in giving you reasons this early in the evening. I can always resort to bratting later.
Sherlock snapped his fingers twice, the safe signal he used to pause John, who complied immediately. Perplexed and slightly horrified, Sherlock stuttered out, “Recruit… real people?”
John came out of the bathroom, running two long silk scarves through his hands, and looked at Sherlock with a calculating gaze. Sherlock’s mouth went dry.
Sherlock flushed bright red to the roots of his hair and John’s mouth fell open. Although Irene had just been telling him about what she and Sherlock got up to, he hadn’t prepared himself to actually see her in action.
“What do you like about it, tell me. What about it turns you on, Sherlock?” he whispered in his ear. Sherlock ignored him and started to kiss John’s cock as it grew more plump by the second. He grabbed the newly uncovered cheeks and gave them a squeeze. Against every instinct John pushed him away and pulled up his trousers. Sherlock shot him a hurt look and he slid to his knees, cupping Sherlock’s face again in his hands.
She tousled Sherlock’s hair and beamed at John. “You see? Poor thing just needs a firm hand. On his arse. Regularly. Isn’t that right, Sherlock? It reminds him who he belongs to. And he belongs to you now, doesn’t he, John?” Sherlock thrust his lip out with a vengeance and pouted magnificently, although there was the hint of a smile at the corner of his mouth.
“Oh, you think?” he asked, smiling to take the sting out of his words.  “What were you doing there, anyway?”
“The next time Mycroft gets in touch tell him it’s not a very safe room if the people in it are driven to murder one another out of sheer boredom.”
John flipped through the sheets. “I don’t know why you didn’t bring this up sooner. We should have practiced or something.”
Sherlock became aware that John’s foot massage was having an unintended effect. He was half hard inside his trousers, and each stroke up his arch—John had switched back to his left foot now—was causing heat to pool in his groin.
The Count’s study was dim and quiet after the bright clamor of the party. A massive wooden desk stood in front of a bay window, with a sleek leather chair. The remains of a fire smoldered in the fireplace, which had a sumptuous leather couch and two club chairs arranged in front of it.  A zebra-striped rug – probably real, John thought – completed the cozy space. On the other side of the room there was a beautifully crafted bar, with dusty golden-brown bottles of whisky and cognac arrayed against the wall.
He turned his head to see John examining him, eyes narrowed. With a start, he realized that all of John’s comments for the past few moments had just been echoes in his head, and that John had actually been silent during most of that time.
He made an incoherent noise and nudged John with his left foot. John chuckled and switched his attentions.
Mycroft heaved an impatient sigh. “Bolivia, this is not a secure line! And do you know how difficult it is to get you two out of the country nowadays? With your picture all over the newspapers? You may have to cut your hair! And you definitely have to do something about that blasted blog - it’s attracting too much attention!”
Irene came back to his side, slipping her arm into his, just as a shrill ting reverberated through the room, the sound of silver on crystal. All eyes rose to the top of the staircase, where Count Sabatier stood, resplendent in a crimson velvet smoking jacket. “My friends,” he announced in a booming voice, “be welcome! My home is yours. Eat, and drink, and—”
“Now it’s time for nature’s very own painkillers: dopamine, serotonin, oxytocin and endorphins.” John wiped his hands off with the cloth that had been over Sherlock’s eyes, then reached around Sherlock’s waist and began to unbuckle his belt. Sherlock’s breath faltered a bit and John asked, “You ok?”
John whispered, “It’s a dangerous habit to finger loaded firearms in the pocket of one’s dressing-gown, Sherlock. We’ve discussed this." Muttering to himself, he continued, "Pointless. Why do I bother? Less frontal development than I should have expected."
John muttered, “What’s an extra day when you’re among such splendid company?”  He rolled onto his side, pulling the blanket up around his shoulders, and fell into a restless sleep.
He groaned in utter humiliation. “Oh, god, please don’t make me--” He was interrupted by a sharp smack and he flinched.
Accepting the challenge, he threw his shoulders back and walked towards the chair. Irene stood up and dumped Sherlock unceremoniously off her lap. She handed the brush over to John, who sat. Clearing his throat, he said, “All right, Sherlock, up you get.”
Mycroft carried on, “No. Thought not. I thought not. Well, then, you’ve driven me to it. We are simply short of minds. No amount of quiet recruitment can compensate for our sheer dearth of numbers. We shall have to recruit…publicly.”
“Ha! Even less than the mad genius over there. But I’ll play. Quid pro quo. What do you want to know?”
Sherlock looked down with a sheepish grin.  “I do.  I did.  I just… when I saw her… when I saw your hands on her…”
Irene slapped each cheek and enjoyed the jiggling of the rapidly reddening flesh. “Manners, Sherlock,” she whispered. “John, why don’t I send you a summary?”
It was all bollocks. Lestrade kept gushing. He had “just prevented the destruction of an entire chemical factory.” It was the word “entire” that screeched, like fingernails on the blackboard of his brain attic.
“You know you can’t trust them, they’re into all sorts of …strange things. High-protein diets. Posting photographs of food. Voting.”
Irene again gestured to John, who made an attempt. “Thank you, Sherlock. I know it wasn’t pleasant, but we need you to keep up your strength.”
Sherlock closed his mouth and straightened up, like a man who’d made up his mind. “Yes, Sir.” He put both of his hands on top and backed up so that he was bent over and at arms distance from the horse.
Sherlock would have nodded but the pain was beginning to nauseate him, so he just hummed his assent.
“Did you take a pill? Of course not. You can’t wait so long, Sherlock, it reduces the effectiveness.” John rummaged in the countless pockets of Sherlock’s coat until he found the pillbox he’d stocked and stashed. It had been a long struggle to get Sherlock to agree to see a neurologist and experiment with medication. It had taken few hours to show him the research and explain that the mechanism had nothing to do with pain relief. It was only taken as needed with absolutely no chance of addiction. Still, Sherlock never took his recovery for granted and was leery of anything that might make him feel better; except for John and cases.
Sherlock sucked in a breath and attempted to answer his brother. “No, it’s been… it’s been raining, and… we, we haven’t got any stamps, and….”
John cut him off sharply, whispering directly into his ear. “Enough. If we’re going to do this, let’s do it. You were the one who assured me that this would be no problem for you. You want to stay undercover? Obey your dom.” John widened his stance and grasped his hands behind his back. In a voice that would have made lieutenants tremble, he ordered, “Bend over the horse.”
While he’d been adjusting to having his eyes uncovered, John had slid around to sit behind him, a leg on either side of him. Sherlock exhaled and relaxed back against John’s chest, tilting his head back until he could see the beloved face looking down at him, dark blue eyes and snub nose and crooked, beautiful mouth. John reached for the coffee on the table and held it to his own lips to test the temperature, then handed it over to Sherlock. “Just right. Here, drink.” He took a sip, then a long swallow. “You know why you’re gulping that, right? You’re dehydrated AND your blood sugar’s low. Both of which contribute to migraine.”
“Let’s hold all questions and conversation until the evening is over. It’s really too complicated to try and work it out now, okay? But we will be having a conversation.”
“I’ve got two more remedies to try and they involve relaxation and neurotransmitters.” He unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt, pushing it back from his shoulders. “I’m going to use a little slick, which I just happen to have here…” Sherlock felt him dig for something in the pocket of his trousers, then heard him rubbing his hands together slowly, as if warming something. Then he dug his strong, surgeon’s thumbs into the coiled muscles of Sherlock’s shoulders. A deep rumbling groan rolled up from Sherlock’s chest, part agony and part relief.
“Probably not.” He rubbed his hands together to warm the lube, then encircled John’s cock, smearing the lube and covering every inch of it. When he was satisfied, he placed the head of it between the cheeks of his arse.
John straightened his shoulders and walked forward to a stool in front of the bar, where there was a sign saying “No Alcohol Served.” He sat and pointed to the floor and Sherlock, to his astonishment, sank gracefully to his knees. Sherlock hissed up at him, “Psst. Captain. Remember.” John nodded and gestured to the man behind the bar.
Sherlock devoured the case file, then interrogated Lestrade for the details he felt he were missing. John took notes and made copies of the pages Sherlock had marked. There was very little more than what Sherlock had summarized. The coat check and bartenders and were on cctv, and not under suspicion, but he and Greg came to the same conclusion: the case would be solved most quickly if Sherlock and John went undercover.
“Well, supposedly, he’s a grown up,” John snapped, eyeing Sherlock. “If he doesn’t pick up, it means he can’t talk.” He poked Sherlock in the ribs. “I’m not his PA. Or his daddy.”
John smiled down at him and kissed the top of his head. “Hush, you. Caffeine will improve your disposition as well as constrict your arteries. Two for the price of one.” He reached for the bowl and wrapped one of the ice cubes in a towel. “Next up is ice. More constriction.” He ran the wrapped cube across Sherlock’s forehead and temples, down his jaw and up and down the sides of his neck.
Three-quarters of an hour later, he’d nearly finished the glass of wine, and his opinions on the role of the nobility in modern-day England had solidified into a plan for its overthrow. The conversations had been stultifying, endless rounds of wittering about taxes and tariffs, scandals and scarcity contingencies. Irene had thrown herself into the fray brilliantly, he grudgingly admitted, meaning that he had had to do little more than nod and hum affirmatively at her statements.
Collapsing onto his back with his forearm thrown over his eyes, he mumbled something about “take care of you, now.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, but his answer was precluded by a gasp when John bit at the other nipple, then immediately soothed it with the same ice cube. Sherlock felt goosebumps rise on his skin, watched John chase them with the flat of his tongue, naked enjoyment on his face. “Oh, you’ve no idea how pretty you are,” he murmured.
“Yes, but I’d prefer to do the speaking this evening, actually.” He tilted his head towards Sherlock. “Restrictions. Thank you for asking. I’d heard that I could expect proper protocol here and I’m happy to see it’s so. I’m John, this is my partner and sub.”
Irene looked positively gleeful. “Aren’t you excited, Sherlock? I have missed our time together and this is just perfect that we get to share our memories with your boyfriend.”
Irene pulled away. “Oh…” she said, breathlessly, with a quick wink at John, “I’m… I’m so sorry, we… we were….”
“We are here,” Irene said, with a roll of her eyes, “because Count Sabatier supposedly has files on several of James Moriarty’s henchmen who evaded your dear boyfriend’s attempts to eradicate his network.”
When he was fully seated, John stroked Sherlock’s thighs and gripped his hips, the strain visible on his face. Sherlock sat still, clenching and relaxing his muscles, closing his eyes and trying to process the sensations rippling through him. John waited him out and eventually Sherlock began rocking back and forth, tiny little movements that nonetheless sent shockwaves crackling up and down his spine. John grunted with the effort of staying motionless and was rewarded with a gradual increase in speed until Sherlock was using his thigh muscles to slide himself up and down in a definite rhythm that had John grinding his teeth and trying to hold on.
