“Some mail came for you, lad!” Mr Holmes said brightly, rising from the breakfast table and handing him three letters and four parcels, “Lucky they arrived in time”
“Magnussen,” Sherlock spat bitterly. John came and perched himself on one of the larger, still to be carved pumpkins.
pasty into his mouth. This didn’t give his lady friend an overly attractive sight to look upon… but thankfully she laughed all the same. “Yeah, yeah it was okay. What you get up to?” He said finally, after insuring all of the food was well out of his mouth.
After dressing, he snuck back into the dormitory and onto his bed, redrawing the curtains around him, and waited.
It was only early afternoon, but a bluey grey darkness had already begun to descend over Sherlock’s little village, which only made the warm welcoming light of his kitchen even more inviting. Sherlock, rather disinterestedly, perched himself upon one of the kitchen stools and dictated to John where the necessary ingredients were. However, he was forced to join in with an extravagant sigh when John couldn’t reach the Holmes’ mammoth jar of pre-made mince meat that perched itself on the top shelf of the cabinet.
Sherlock shook his head, “No, there’s still just the smallest chance I may have a case. Better not risk it.”
But before Sherlock could return the favour, a ruckus seemed to have started down by the fire place. They both craned to look.
“No, no it’s fine really. No harm done, I think,” John said clambering up, rubbing his left shoulder carefully, with a slightly nervous laugh. “Oh, here!”
As John’s laughter died away, it was only then they realised they were alone in the clearing, left with the water, now peaceful and still, and the faint sound of the trees, whose leaves’ were browning and twirling to the ground. The only people were distant voices spread wide across the grounds.
Within moments, pristine white plates crowded the table, and napkins were folding themselves in mid air, looking like green fir trees when they fell upon the plates. There were beautiful tea light holders, sprigs of holly, brightly coloured crackers, and glistening placeholders and glassware which all amalgamated into a Christmas table that rivalled that of Hogwarts’.
Sherlock stretched his arms in front of John’s chest, pushing him backwards. Shielding their faces, the sound of “ignus attenua” being yelled from various teachers came at them from all angles.
Mrs Holmes had said, which surprised John as the man barely cracked even the slightest indication of merriment the entire meal… but John certainly enjoyed it.
Hope this was okay? Sorry... I've written 4 chapters and it's only got to the 1st of September... but anyway thanks for reading!
“Or, you could… tag along, perhaps?” It was Sherlock again, his head leaning around one of the large double doors, smiling nervously.
“Sitting alone in the dark? Are you a full-blown villain now, or do you need your final initiation?”
John’s face split into an embarrassed sort of smile, “Did you? Where was that encouragement yesterday afternoon?”
“Yes. And so could more people’s family, if the person who did this isn’t found quickly” He replied, coolly “She is irrelevant; removed as a suspect”.
“Doesn’t Clara want to meet you for breakfast, Harry?” John said, staring blankly at his toastless plate.
John waited outside her office patiently. He turned when he heard footsteps climbing the stone staircase behind him, only to be met with… yes, Sherlock, but... something was off.
“You thought his name was George?” John scoffed, which Sherlock merely ignored, and barely reacted to,
“Seriously, are you not concerned about those photographs?” Sherlock asked cockily, “Yes, of course someone could have got a bit of makeup, lay down, held their breath so no quivering nostrils show up in the photograph as it moves, but I ask you-” Sherlock was breathing heavily now “How can you be so sure those photo’s mean nothing-”
In his enthusiasm and swiftness to settle into his mind palace to think over his findings, he failed to notice that there was one less person snoring in his dormitory when he returned.
which in turn presented him with a bizarre image; His mother was sat at the dining table with John, letters and Christmas cards between them, talking excitedly to one another.
“Homework, recap the works of Nicholas Flammel via a timeline; one sheet of parchment should suffice! In for next week!” Borage called, clearing his throat.
“Can I make you all dinner?” he asked Mrs Holmes quietly, “A nice Christmas Eve soup? As, well, just a small thank you for your having me…”
However he could hear a group of students seemingly conducting a séance somewhere, giggling and stifling screams as they spoke aloud what seemed to Sherlock a very boring read.
Sherlock fought to conceal his own laughter this time, as John quickly scrubbed his face with the end of his sleeve.
“Prank? Hm,” Sherlock scoffed, “The letters; from a sender who ends up rudely not happening to exist. This package; from a sender who remains anonymous-”
“And-And John’s here!” She continued, “There’s only so many occassions when your parents are away, Sherlock.”
Yep... these christmas chapters are horrreeendously late. Sorry... only... well... many more to go and it's now february... AHHH
Sherlock was, in fact, trapped in his own kitchen by a bunch of John’s quidditch friends. Somehow, somehow, he was in the middle of rather an elaborate game of ring of fire at his cottage kitchen table, which is exactly like muggle ring of fire, however the cards actually explode whenever a King surfaces. It was very amusing, Sherlock thought, watching John’s friends become increasingly blathered and still trying to read what their cards said. It was only when Sherlock picked up a Queen, who looked up at him from her card and burst into fits of laughter, that he realised maybe he looked just as ridiculous…
The rest of the afternoon was spent doing blissfully mundane things, lots of eating of sandwiches, lots of cups of tea, and lots of lying about on the grass, soaking up the few summer-like days they had before October came.
Other than his height, John’s other features held no evidence of Goblin blood at all. He was quite muscly, from being the Gryffindor beater in Quidditch and the team’s captain, and had that sandy coloured hair which got mistaken for both blonde and brown. He had a slightly round face and bluey-grey eyes. It was news to Greg, Mike and John himself when it came out that John was one of their year's ‘heartthrobs’.
“Hey-” he felt a hesitant tug at the sleeve of his robes “Er- Greg usually sits at the end of the Gryffindor table, probs just head down there? -” and with a small nod of encouragement, John strode off ahead. Sherlock, growing increasingly aware of the eyes of his “fellow Slytherins” falling upon him one by one, accompanied with giggles no one attempted to disguise, followed quickly.
“You alright boys?” She said, her contagious beam falting slightly as her eyes fell on the sour expression of her eldest son.
They sat there like that for a while longer, the only sounds to be heard being their own breathing in the dim light.
"M-mother did. And she sewed up the edges too." Sherlock replied, staring so hard at the window pane you'd have though it encrusted with previous jewels.
“Sebastian? Sebastian Wilkes?!” Well, she might as well have exploded “He did this? I am sick of this, bloody sick of it. I’m sending a letter to the school the minute we get ba-”
“Better go,” John said, giving him a gentle shove into the sea of students all heading away from them in a fast flowing current.
John was listening intently. He couldn’t believe that, once said out loud, it all sounded almost trivial, but Sherlock seemed to be the only one noticing all of it
The ceiling of the Great Hall was not everyone’s favourite element of being back at Hogwarts the next morning, when the breakfast was bathed in a greyish tinge and droplets of drizzle would appear on the tables at random intervals. It definitely didn’t improve Greg’s mood either, at the new found news that his and John’s first lesson of the term was double potions with the Slytherins.
“I don’t care- your hair’s got enough flour in it, I could make you into a hearty batch of cauldron cakes. Now go!”
“Well, if you’re sure!” She chuckled, pulling off her apron, garishly patterned with holly leaves and real bells that jangled every time she breathed, and popping it over John’s head instead, “Take it away!”
On reaching the dormitory, Greg fell face first onto his four poster, and John quickly followed suit. No one else had come up to the dorm yet, and judging be Steven’s apparent snooze on the sofa, it seemed only two others would come up anyway.
However, as the clock tower rang out for twelve-o’clock, Sherlock said simply, “I don’t know what I’m going to do really – about the case, I mean.”
Eventually, breathless and shivering, John was relieved to see a cavern of warm, inviting light fall out upon the path, as Sherlock (who was surprisingly fast and had put John to shame in their sprint for somewhere dry) had collided with the old wooden door and heaved it open. Sherlock, although visibly dripping and quivering with cold, stood aside to let John go in first, which John found completely ridiculous, but charming all the same.
John was too hot and bothered and longing for a pumpkin-pop to explain he wouldn’t need to, as this would be his final year at Hogwarts. With a forceful grunt from Greg, the pair stepped back onto the street, which was getting busier and busier as the minutes passed.
Sherlock stopped abruptly, turning to face his slower companion. John caught his breath, doubling over slightly,
“Then who are they from? You certainly seem popular” John said, nodding to the stack of parchment in his lap.
“Right, well. I won’t keep you, see you later, John,” Sarah got up to leave, before nodding to Sherlock “See ya.”
Once this was done, he rummaged once again through his bag, one hand on Sherlock who was swaying gently, and brought out a ball of grey socks.
“We have lessons tomorrow,” John said glumly, taking another drink of firewhisky, burning his throat. “Shit.”
Then they all started counting, all of them bouncing up and down excitedly. Drinks were being spilled, but no one cared. There was a minute to go. Fifty seconds. Forty. Thirty. Twenty.
He then folded it neatly into a square, tied it with a piece of navy ribbon, and passed it to Billie who, after giving his gloved hand an affectionate nudge, flew off into the snowy afternoon.
As planned, Sherlock allowed them to go to Zonkos, and tried not to fuss as Graham’s inner turmoil having to choose between buying two dungbombs or a five sugar quills making them spend twenty-five minutes there instead of fifteen. He only winced when Graham decided to take the plunge and buy it all.
A few titters erupted from a nearby cluster of students as the four of them were seated, however before Sherlock could express his new found desire to run off and become a dragon tamer, or to bury himself in the darkest depths of the forbidden forest, Gareth began flipping them off profusely. John then fixed them with such a cold stare that Sherlock decided perhaps he could wait until at least his second morning coffee before finding a way to disappear. Before long, Gareth had piled four pieces of buttered toast, each lathered in a different variety of jam, onto his plate and began shovelling them into his face. Mike had grabbed himself a croissant and a large bowl of ‘Pixie Puffs’, and John had decided on the smallest piece of toast in the stack, which he tore at the crusts of for a good few minutes before taking even the tiniest morsel.
Evidently John fired a hard kick to Greg’s shin at this point. Greg contemplated this information for a second or two, when finally adding “But I thought you two didn’t get on?” This resulted in what was such an enormous kick from John, that the weary chatter hovering through the hall ceased a little, before rising up again, at Greg’s yelp.
“So,” John said, rubbing his eyes lazily and swivelling his still pyjama-clad legs out from under the duvet, “The person who stole Carl’s gloves was... behind the bonfire?”
After a few surprisingly tense moments, the second whistle sounded, and John batted the quaffle into the air behind him. The game had begun.
It was Mrs Holmes, “Must be your influence, John. Sherlock would have to be dragged out of bed usually, especially on Christmas.”
Thankfully his mother got the hint and, through John’s gentle pandering, ensured that their dinner was soup, and eaten in their room.
“I don’t, but he's... here, and it’s Christmas” Sherlock stammered, “He’s spending Christmas with us- with me- I can’t just-”
“Well… you could just… go to bed at, what? Half eight?” He teased, pulling a pair of immaculate leather gloves from his cloak pocket.
Hair had been re-curled twice, which no one will ever learn of, and annoying, as Sherlock trotted shoeless back to the lounge, he saw John looking… well, you know… as usual. It was enough to make a boy curl his hair a third time.
John scrambled for his wallet, counted out the correct amount of gold coins quickly and, quite reluctantly, handed them over.
They re-entered the happy, if not moderately shaken, crowd, festivities restored. Hagrid had initiated a horribly out of tune rendition of “Hogwarts, Hogwarts, hoggy-warty-Hogwarts…”. McGonagall, through pursed lips, placed a forcefield around them all immediately, before she began maternally fussing over a group of frightened first years.
. As he stepped through the door, a bell chiming somewhere in the back of the shop, he smirked at a rather garish pink and green patterned cardigan.
“Because of my OWL results, I am taking a few of my NEWT subjects at seventh year level now. Two of those being Potions and Defence Against the Dark Arts. So, when you have double Potions I have the Dark Arts and vice versa.”
A tall boy, dressed in a tweed suit and red tie and possessing an expression of complete sourness stepped into the small kitchen.
“Doesn’t stop ever,” he chuckled, “Come on, let’s go get warm!” and with that he patted John on the back, and they all headed back to the Holmes cottage.
As the timeline of how alchemists created “panacea” a remedy thought to prolong life indefinitely, something John did not give two shits about at that current moment, was scrawled upon the blackboard by an overly excited piece of chalk, John fought desperately to remain engaged. This was not assisted by the boy beside him, who did not attempt to hide the fact that he too did not give two shits about the work whatsoever.
and after grabbing his slippers headed back the way he went downstairs, careful not to slip on the little droplets Sherlock had left behind him.
“You’re all very loud. I’m off to bed, there is no need for all this ceremony for the turning of a calendar page. Goodnight,” and he turned and retreated back along the landing.
“Am I not going to see you for another week, then? Maybe two? A month?” John said, playfully, trying to lift the mood.
“No, but i want to sit down, and I will now torture you with the fact you will never know the truth...”
Billie had a few letters in festive coloured envelopes clasped in his beak, which Sherlock carefully plucked from him and handed to his mother, before giving Billie a well deserved stroke of his feathers.
“Apparently not. He grows them by magic though. That’s why they’re so-” Sherlock gestured to the pumpkin in front of him which was easily the size of a year or two old dragon “but apparently when carving they need ‘
It had every other Christmas Eve since it happened but he really, really thought, somehow, that tonight it would be fine. But of course not. It was the same as always. Flashes of light, splinters of glass, the sound of shrieks and slamming of a door... and the sickening guilt that bled through him every single time.
Mrs Holmes gestured to the Christmas cards on the table, “Well when I was putting these up, there seem to be a lot of people who like you from school! And you’ve never really… you know… had-”
“You two know each other?” John asked slowly, watching as Irene drummed her fingers along Sherlock’s arm.
“Perhaps,but he was heading out anyway. Besides, there’s a certain theatre to owl post that cannot be beaten, I’m sure mother will appreciate it,” Sherlock said earnestly, re-positioning himself on the window-ledge, “I really do forget how utterly tedious this place is when I’m at that… other tedious place.”
Sherlock smirked at him, which John was increasingly understanding meant he had missed something Sherlock found completely obvious.
It wasn’t Sebastian, nor a voice he otherwise recognised. It was a sing-song voice, rather high pitched. He wheeled around lazily.
“I-I am,” John chuckled exasperatedly, “But a person is dead, Sherlock? I thought you were joking before, you actually solve murders?”
“Oh! You’re – Oh from potions and the train and stuff, yeah!” Greg said, nodding proudly, which Sherlock assumed was at his ability to remember an actual potions lesson, let alone its students, “John’s been moaning abou- Ow? Oh sorry…”
Yet Seb forced Sherlock hard into the wall for good measure with a hollow thud, then ran out of the corridor and down the staircase, Andrew following behind.
John followed him past the Christmas tree and out into the hall nervously. Mrs Holmes, who was now too nearly falling asleep where she sat, gave him a knowing smile.
“Yes, well remembered, which led us to the conclusion that it’d been planted for someone to find. Now that this parcel has been sent to me it has confirmed that-”
Harry blinked at him. But it wasn’t a worried or shocked blink, but a smug one, an almost knowing one.
“Run!” and Sherlock turned on his heal, pumpkin chunks still attached to his shoes, grabbed John’s arm and pulled him, them both running down the path, dodging the many shoppers and students as they went.
Sherlock felt his eyes roll back into his head as far as they could, and pulled on his black leather satchel. After glancing back to see Seb was still distracted by his
“Fine… guess this is the fun bit, right?” He said, rising, picking up a rather rusty blunt knife Hagrid had left them, “You sure you want to give it up?”
“You have one hour to concoct this potion. Go.” Conversation erupted about the students, and I’m sorry to say a lot was poking fun at the curly haired boy at the front of the class. However, comforting to John and Greg at least, was that a lot of it was also “How the hell do we brew this?”
“So, any point in asking how you’ve done it this time?” She said idly, pouring out a pale purple coloured potion into a phial, which began spluttering and fizzing the nearer Sherlock got to it.
Within the next half an hour, everyone invited had arrived through a combination of fireplace and, from the older students friends amongst them, apparition. Molly had smothered John and Sherlock into an enormous squeeze and handed them a bottle of champagne. Irene provided each of them with a kiss on the cheek, which Sherlock thought he saw John recoil at, and also a bottle of mulled wine which matched her nails and lipstick perfectly. Stephen Bainbridge arrived and gave them both a high five, before handing them another case of butterbeer and a bottle of firewhisky, as well as bringing a handful of people neither John nor Sherlock had met before.
Then they pulled their crackers, Sherlock won against his mother, his mother against Mycroft, Mycroft against his father, Sherlock and Mycroft weren’t allowed to pull one due to their rivalry,  which John could quite understand… and John won against Mycroft, giving him a very petty but very real sense of satisfaction. This eventually resulted in Sherlock wearing an elaborate pirates hat and John a very suave bowler hat, and a few festive mice to scurry across the table.
John stood up, awkwardly. Some students were laughing. John shot them a dark look. So did Sherlock, who had appeared right behind him. The party had gone deathly quiet.
By the time they came down, Mr Holmes had made them all flasks of hot chocolate, and it was time for them to venture out into the Christmas Day cold for a family wander.
Sherlock was thankful for the microscope shadowing his face, as he was sure his face was softening by the second due to John's presence.
After John’s departure at the crime scene the other night, Sherlock managed to find the missing (pink) suitcase within a couple of hours. Obviously, none of Scotland Yard’s officers were of any help, but that didn’t keep Sherlock from strolling around the nearest area of the crime scene by himself. Once he found the suitcase, he immediately sent out two texts; one to the potential serial killer and one to John, asking him to meet him at Angelo’s tonight. Getting John’s number was ridiculously easy, but when John didn’t respond, he added a short
“This week you were so… distant. What changed?” he asked. He had to know. Ever since John had so abruptly ended their kiss on the sofa, Sherlock had buried his hopes in the ground.
I leave towards the kitchen and turn the kettle on. Sometimes it feels like nothing has changed, when in reality everything has. It’s hard to pinpoint the exact moment it started, considering everything we’ve been through. As every morning, I see the picture of Rosie, Sherlock and me on the kitchen wall. Mrs. Hudson took it last Christmas when she found out that there was no picture of the three of us. Sherlock obviously hated the idea but agreed nonetheless. The picture turned out quite nicely. Rosie is sitting in my lap and Sherlock is bending down from the side, touching her little arm with his huge hand. We took several photos, some where we all smile into the camera, some where Rosie prefers to look at Sherlock’s hand. In the end, I wanted to frame the picture where Sherlock and Rosie both look at the camera and I look at their joined hands. My little family.
“How about you go home with your husband and talk about the details then?” Dr Molder saves Sherlock from having to respond.
Rosie starts playing with my hair and I sit down with her on the floor. It’s more comfortable for her down here. Sherlock joins us with the toys he keeps in the flat, and we play with Rosie for a bit. It still feels unusual to do these things with Sherlock, but he’s getting better at it. When he uses the voice of a bear to talk to Rosie with one of the teddies, I can’t help but smile. A few months ago, this seemed impossible. Sherlock has played with Rosie before, obviously, when Mary and I were so exhausted we fell asleep on the couch, for example. He keeps calling Rosie ‘Watson’, I noticed. Somehow I find it endearing.
But that’s not the main reason why I thought about updating the blog with old cases. I avoid thinking about it, but I am afraid of forgetting Sherlock and our time together. I’ve been noticing it lately, especially ever since the daily nightmares stopped, that I can sometimes only hear the sound of his voice distantly, as if it was merely an echo. It’s fading from my memory. I’ll always remember how he looked like (I’ve even got a bunch of paparazzi photos to remind me) but it’s the little things that are gradually fading – his annoyed
Sherlock stops reading. He notices that his vision has blurred and he’s not sure whether it’s the anger or tears blinding his vision. So John has been flirting with a woman; he even wants to meet up with her. His heart sinks even deeper into his chest when Sherlock realises that John has already given up on their marriage. Maybe he’s given up on his memories, too. He’s probably glad not to remember that he’s ever been married to a man. If that’s the case, Sherlock should do the right thing and let him go. It’s what he owes John; allow him a fresh start with that Linda woman and free him from the chains of their marriage.
John shifted forward in his chair, causing the gruffalo book he had intended to read to Rosie to almost fall off his lap. He took a deep breath, bracing himself. Why couldn’t Lilly have asked Rosie on one of Sherlock’s bedtime nights? He prayed to God that he’d at least be spared the birds and bees talk.
“Yes, of course. Please give my apologies to Mary for keeping you occupied that long.” There’s an unknown expression on Sherlock’s face, one John doesn’t know to interpret yet, but it’s gone before he has the chance to.
Instead of a reply, Sherlock rushes out of his chair with a flexibility that shouldn’t be allowed at his age anymore and picks up his violin. After fixing the tune he turns towards the window, facing away from John, and starts playing. Upon the first couple of notes, John starts to relax. He shifts deeper into his chair and watches Sherlock’s back slightly moving with the rhythm of the music.
Sherlock has always been aware of the fact that he wants John around him constantly, that he wants to be the sole focus of John’s attention. But so far, he assumed that it was the nature of a deep friendship, combined with the fact that John is his person, that drove him to these impulses. Right from the beginning of their acquaintance, Sherlock has been intrigued by John. The ex-army doctor was by far the most interesting man he met in a long time, if not ever. Something between them just clicked, and Sherlock never knew anyone whose company he so deeply appreciated, even longed for. After their initial time apart, John became his colleague, then friend, then best friend. The more he got to know him, the more he remained a mystery to Sherlock. Realising that his person wasn’t just a good-looking doctor, but in fact a kind and incredibly brave man, made Sherlock’s chest feel oddly warm inside. Now, after almost a year of knowing him, Sherlock finds that there are still more parts of John he’d like to discover. Being his best friend – even being his person – doesn’t seem enough anymore.
“Bloody hell,” John barked, “Genuine murders took place there Sherlock, of course you made me-” but John was laughing to now, “Right. Come on. You're  buying me a butterbeer for that.”
John beamed. He hadn’t been able to take his mind off it since the night before, but had been afraid to ask in case Sherlock didn’t want him to know any more, which would be completely fine… but John was most relieved now, though of course tried his best to hide it.
“You know, if you don’t want to sit at the Slytherin table with Seb and things… you’re welcome to sit with me, and Greg, for breakfast?”
“So we better get going!” Greg’s face was that of someone who had scarcely avoided death, yet been given a really nice cake afterwards “Shall we?”
To his surprise, when he entered through the back door, John had evidently just entered through the front, snow clinging to the bottoms of his jeans and…
The professor, who had never been one for confrontation even when a group of students put a curse on her chair to see what would happen, (crying was the answer), didn’t quite know how to respond to this.
Coincidentally, with their mention of dessert, the rows of wiped-clean platters and empty cooking pots that lined the table so plentifully suddenly melted away into towers of ice cream; scoops of every flavour, plates of piping hot apple pie alongside towering jugs of thick golden custard, and of course glistening dishes of colourfully layered trifle.
Sherlock played until the fire began to die, until the mugs of mulled wine were drunk, until John felt himself lulled into a gentle drowsiness.
About twenty minutes in, Slytherin started to get nasty; one of the their beaters angled a bludger right at Stephen’s head, which he thankfully ducked out of the way of at the last minute, and Sebastian had started ramming into the Gryffindor chasers, presumably to knock them off their brooms. It was at this moment that the Gryffindor seeker, a fourth year girl who’d been hovering above the rest of the action for the rest of the match, suddenly soared higher into the air.
Sherlock wasn’t all that bothered about the bonfire if he was honest, which he usually was, however John seemed quite up for it and, well, how was he to refuse. Wouldn’t last too long anyhow.
Once on the train, procedure was a lot more to his liking. Sherlock merely had to occupy himself, and himself alone, for 8 hours and 12 minutes. He was good at this. Being shut in a compartment for an extensive length of time with a trunk full of books he hadn't read yet and spells he hadn’t studied... utter bliss. By the time 11 o'clock struck, and the train began gently chugging away from King's Cross, he'd already finished 13 chapters of "Flesh-Eating Trees of the World" and was finding it surprisingly okay.
However the silence that followed was more comforting than John thought silence could be. Sherlock stared ahead of them, and John was suddenly struck with the thought, that after barely three days... Sherlock understood. Well, just enough.
Sorry I disappeared! In all honesty, I'm at University now and I've really been struggling to find the time to write this, so updates will continue to be slow... but THEY WILL COME!!! Thank you for keeping reading, hope you're having a fab New Year!!!
Sherlock was not relaxed. It was not all going to be fine. He had, on the contrary, calculated twenty-six separate scenarios in which the party could end in disaster by the factor of spillages alone and was already regretting ever leaving John and his mother in a situation alone together.
It was a bitterly cold Saturday morning, and Sherlock was wearing his wool John had so expertly swapped his tie for, along with black leather gloves, and his scarf obviously. He was also very excited to be wearing his long grey cloak without being too hot in it.
But as he walked into the living room, it was evident the Holmes parents were in bed, the house was near silent, apart from the crackling of the fire. The downstairs was in darkness apart from the warm dancing glow that flickered from the archway leading to the living room. As he got closer, he heard the odd sound of something musical emanating from the living room. John stepped in quietly.
He heard Sherlock huff sulkily behind him, however this was quickly undermined by Sherlock’s sudden call of “Could you bring me up a cup of tea?”
“I think you’ll find this was your fault, you know,” he said quietly, grabbing a cloth from the side to help wipe the last of it from John’s cheeks.
John offered a weak smile, and shuffled carefully into the darkness of the hall as Sherlock tucked the violin back into its case. He then pulled his wand from his dressing gown and tapped the mantelpiece, watching as the roaring fire sank slowly into darkness, leaving only the embers glowing in the hearth. As the last ember died away, Sherlock secretly, selfishly hoped it wasn’t he who was the reason for John’s dip in mood.
John had barely been able to eat over the last few Christmases, had always felt nauseous, anxious, too unhappy to touch anything, and would end up retiring to his bed by five o’clock waiting for it to be over. Yet here he was, sat next to Sherlock, giggling as they tried to knock Mycroft’s bobble hat off of his sleeping head with whatever was small enough to throw.
he thought, yet quickened his pace as he knew the noise would attract Mrs Turner. He was proven right, when at the bottom of the wooden stairs he was met with an irritable, but kind looking witch in long indigo robes and night cap.
“And the tears John, remember? On the paper last night? In a case like this in which it seems to be a locked-room scenario, obviously the wife does have to come in to question just a little. Can’t be sentimental. So last night I performed a small test to check if she could’ve splashed a little water on it to throw us off her path; but it contained all the properties of human tears; mucin, lipids, glucose, everything. Sounds excessive, but one might as well check while your dorm mates are snoring away.”
“Don’t worry, John. You won’t have to worry about writing- or speaking for that matter- to me again.”
Sherlock, without a moment's pause, shoved his way out of the courtyard to follow, John grabbing for his cloak, but missing. Having ducked and dived his way through, being elbowed at least twice, Sherlock was in the grounds, the glow from the bonfire dissipating. The figure was nowhere to be seen.
Sherlock obliged and found that, once on his head, the different points of his hat began to move independently with the sound of the music, the bells harmonizing with the sound.
“All the books I need and my books for next year as I’ll probably be put in a few seventh year classes, some new parchment, a set of 15 bezoars and, 12 new files of which 5 are smashed and a Slytherin woolly hat for winter.” He replied without lifting his eyes from the book.
“You add the salamander blood three drops at a time and wait. This is the amount that causes the potion to change colour. You keep adding in three drop intervals until you reach the colour desired. Obvious really” John nodded, and followed these instructions. It took a lot of salamander blood, but eventually the potion turned the deep red colour. John smiled briefly, but his feelings from the train got the better of him, and removed it.
I don’t think John had ever leapt on a mountain of mashed potato faster in all his days. He shovelled it ruthlessly onto his gleaming gold plate until it was no longer visible. Greg on the other hand lunged for the chicken legs, simply pulling the large platter towards him and eating each in three bites or less. The more food was consumed, the easier the conversation began to flow, and John’s upset from the train was pushed far into the back of his mind and buried under a hefty pile of pumpkin pasties and thoughts of trifle.
John started to cut what appeared to be very wonky triangles into the orange flesh. Sherlock felt himself openly wince.
“Yes! Told you I’d win!” Sherlock burst suddenly, bringing John back, “I told you, it’s all about the angle-”
“Oh don’t be grumpy and ruin it? We. Studied. Together?!” He slumped down beside John, beaming, “I saw her get up to go and thought- What’s on your nose?”
The rest of the lesson continued in silence, only the sweet tinkling of quill tips in ink pots, and the monotonous etching of the nib on the parchment, and of course the rasping croak that slipped from Borage’s lips. Sherlock didn’t tap again, but he of course didn’t write anything either.
Yet the classes were small, meaning the lessons were quite relaxed and full of discussion, so John wasn’t letting himself get too nervous about it. Besides, he’d enjoyed it last year, and Mike was there too.
It was mid-morning on Boxing Day, and John woke up to a fully washed and dressed, and very antsy, Sherlock Holmes, brandishing green string in his face with gloved hands.
John suddenly felt very intimidated, and what made matters worse is he could tell Sherlock wasn’t overly comfortable either.
Greg reluctantly carried his cauldron and bag to the front of the dungeon, the potion, only now beginning to turn the deep red colour he wanted, sloshed over the rim as he sulked, and onto the stone floor.
John stumbled a thousand thank-yous after each had been opened, and accepted a squeeze when it was offered to him from both Mr and Mrs Holmes, who were beaming. Sherlock's chest tightened fondly.
After what felt like an age, he became aware of a dim light splintering across the room, became aware of gentle footsteps treading carefully near him, of the clinking of china or glass.
After a few troublesome moments, in which John was clung to the goal post for dear life and, annoyingly, Slytherin scored four more times, John was back up.
As John threw his parchment idly into the pits of his bag, he saw Sherlock’s cloak flick around the door, just as it had done in potions that morning, and he paused.
"Mike! Can I sit by you at the feast?" It was Molly Hooper, the Hufflepuff 6th year who Greg was utterly obsessed with. Mike watched as Greg's face fell, and a new found hatred for his best friend began to burn behind his drowsy eyes.
In keeping with the festivities of the evening, all the food of the feast seemed to have been smoked, in one way or another. All of it. This was fine for Greg with his bacon and Sherlock, who was picking at a corner of his salmon, but John wasn’t completely sold on his smoked mushrooms and veg. Alas, the dessert made all the difference, thankfully not smoked, or not to the point where John could taste it; a spiced ginger cake with custard, which John saw Sherlock even take a slither of.
Sherlock nodded in its direction, and John joined him at the window. Hagrid was standing back, proudly, rubbing his hands free of dust and dirt and sofa stuffing from manhandling it all into the optimum burning structure.
“Ha, no. It’s been, quite a while now I suppose…” He trailed off, “But I’ve got quite a collection of these” he said proudly, giving it a little tap.
“Aren’t you?” Sherlock spat coolly, putting on his scarf, barely glancing at him, “Can Sebastian Wilkes really be classed as company?”
As soon as all four boys in the compartment had their bottoms on a seat, the conversation was rekindled. Well, between all except Sherlock who was reading and rereading the final page of "Confronting the Faceless" over and over again, and continued to do so for a good while, as his trunk with all his other books was under the sandy-haired-boy's seat.
After a few minutes, a long clear call from an owl seemed to bring Sherlock back to the real world; He leapt up, yet regretted it immediately, cradling his ribs and wincing a little. Alas, he seemed bursting with enthusiasm all the same. A smile spread across his face “That’ll be Billie, come on.” And he was off again, this time in the direction of the Owlery and, as before, John followed without a moment’s doubt.
“No, don’t be – it was a very sound deduction.” Sherlock sank down onto the grass with a grunt “If you hadn’t arrived it would hurt a lot worse, so.”
They then did the “boring” things like buying writing equipment, which Sherlock didn’t understand why John wasn’t more excited about. Then, as promised, Sherlock was able to buy a new navy silk scarf from Galdrag’s, this time Graham getting completely bored and whining in the doorway of the shop, then finally, once phials and all other essentials were bought, it was to Honeydukes.
They all stood there contentedly, basking in the warmth of the fire, for a good ten minutes or so, until Sherlock noticed something.
we need to connect the gloves, the pouches from bonfire night, and actually find out what's going on, which is going to take a while if I can't
Sherlock frowned. “Neither did I.” He flopped down onto his bed, “And now someone is punishing me for it.”
Twenty minutes of their hour had passed, and John was trying his best to follow the instructions. The future, however, looked dim from the start -
The room was a mess. Poorly carved pumpkins lay haphazardly about the carpeted floor, bowls of sweets were overflowing onto their surfaces, and there were about four bottles of firwehisky sat open and at different degrees of emptiness already.
He was sat opposite. Instantly Sherlock noticed the tired look in his eyes, similar to how they appeared in some of their earlier classes together; strained and squinting, with a definite blankness to his gaze, as if he were concentrating on something far away. Yet, as the conversation began to flow, his face brightened almost automatically, and once again Sherlock reluctantly bit his tongue.
Sherlock, sat on the corner table of the Leaky Cauldron sipping a Butterbeer, his nose buried in a copy of “The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 7” finally saw his Mother, Father and brother swan into the pub.
Upon reaching Greg’s usual spot, which Sherlock realised by the repeatedly glued and re-glued soles and scuffed leather of John’s shoes crept into his eye line, Sherlock’s intuitive skills were not required to notice a definite… lack of Greg? John frowned, too having noticed the distinctly Gregless table, and gave a small shrug before dropping down onto the low wooden bench with a creak. Sherlock was very knowledgeable in the etiquette of dinner table positions, so scurried quickly around the table’s end to sit himself opposite.
John felt much drained after seeing Harry whose, after forty-minute persistence, only response was shouting abuse and throwing Bertie Bott's at him until he’d left her alone. Which was fine. Neither of them ever liked talking about how they were feeling, however both cared very deeply if the other one was upset. It was a losing battle.
As they walked cheerily, John’s headache lifting slightly, down the busy corridors, a friend of Harry’s brushed passed them. John grabbed her.
“Really, he’s an old softy” Sherlock said eventually, slightly irritably, as it had been over five seconds and John still hadn’t said hello to Billie.
“Dunno,” John said, looking up from his teacup, “But he’s meant to be coming later which should be- oh, hang on- post!”
They both burst out in a second round of giggles, and Sherlock started heading further down the hill. John automatically followed.
“Shall we get some lunch? To celebrate?” John said brightly, to which they all, apart from Sherlock, exploded into cacophony of agreeable sounds.
John, seeing the fear flick across the first year's faces due to their sudden arrival, "kindly" explained to Greg how he'd had one "fudging" job, the "numpty", and that was to save them a "silly" compartment... and he'd better hope there was another "blasted" empty one, or himself and Mike would squash into someone else's, and Greg would have to spend a "beautifully" long journey with the first years.  Alone. Mike smiled and nodded along in agreement throughout this heart-warming speech, and Greg was very much awake now. The three left the compartment quickly, looking upon the younger ones with smiles rather fixed, Greg half apologising,  half cursing under his breath as they went.
The girl shrugged in response, before continuing on, “She’s still in bed. S’all I know,” she said over her shoulder.
Anyway! Thank you for reading, I know it's short but I just wanted to show you I still existed :') I hope you enjoyed reading this chapter, please let me know any thoughts! THANK YOU xx (sorry again!)
And with that, as the leering, hunched shadow of the caretaker snaked across the wall ahead of them, the two parted ways, heading to opposite sides of the castle, to different common rooms, to different floors, yet both grinning profusely, and both their feet sloshing with rainwater as they went.
“Rosie!” John said. His voice sounded squeaky, so he cleared his throat before continuing. “What’s going on?”
Rosie made sure that Sherlock was listening before whispering into John’s ear. “I wished for you and Papa to be married.”
Trying to think back, he doesn’t even remember the exact moment he fell in love. Was it when John pulled him from a tank and saved his life? Or when he spilled his soup and giggled for four minutes straight after Sherlock told him the victim had committed suicide during one of their Cluedo nights? Was it even one distinct moment, or the culmination of their time spent together?
But it’s not just that. Sherlock was accustomed to his unrequited love, present in the back of his mind during every conversation held with John; but after last night he could never look John, or Mary, in the eye again. When John grabbed him by his coat and came so unbearably close, Sherlock lost all control. He ruined John’s marriage because of his selfishness. When Mary asked him to stay away from John last year, Sherlock didn’t oblige. He wasn’t capable of stepping back, of letting John go in order to save his marriage. He was selfish in telling Mary that he wouldn’t leave unless John asked him to. The only gift he can give them now is doing exactly that; giving them a chance to mend their relationship with him out of the equation. Leaving London will make it easier for John to focus on his wife, and to spend less time with the sociopath he’s unfortunate enough to call his person.
Upstairs, John knocks on the living room door, knowing that Sherlock tends to ignore any sounds similar to door bells, and waits for him to answer. A couple of seconds later, the door flies open. Sherlock is wearing his whine-coloured dressing gown – one of John’s favourites – and  has his violin tucked under his arm. He seems surprised to see John.
Watching Sherlock play with Rosie I feel a familiar stab of guilt. One of the worst things about Mary’s death is that I can’t even wish she hadn’t jumped in front of the bullet. If she hadn’t, Sherlock would’ve died. Mary probably saved his life because she knew that I couldn’t lose him again. She met me when I was grieving Sherlock and, even though the worst part had already been over, I was still a wreck. She put me back together, gave me a reason to enjoy my life without Sherlock. Nevertheless, she must’ve thought that I couldn’t go through that again, and instinctively took the bullet for him. Why else would a mother and wife save the life of someone who was far from having any of that?
John exhaled deeply, his mind swirling. If he thought about it, Sherlock’s words actually made sense. If they told Rosie that the wish could only be granted for a month, surely she’d understand. And a month of pretending to be married to Sherlock Holmes couldn’t be that bad, could it?
“No, John. It’s not like I’m going to have any kids of my own, so this is as close to my family as it gets,” he replies and all of a sudden his eyes widen. I don’t think he realised what he said until he said it. I feel something swell up in my chest. Sherlock thinks that my baby is a part of his family, even though the woman carrying it nearly killed him. God, life can be so cruel sometimes. I have to remind myself why I forgave Mary. I love her, I really do, but if I’m being completely honest shooting my best friend made loving her a bit difficult. Sherlock told me that she saved his life, and in a twisted way I think he could be right. Although he clearly has dubious moral standards. Mary actually risked killing my best friend, the other person I love most in the world, just to keep her secret from me. I don’t know whether I can ever truly forgive her for it. I swallow hard.
“God, I want to touch you here,” he whispers before licking the shaft and covering it with his mouth. He can hear Sherlock make a delicious sound of surprise, his hips coming forward involuntarily.
For the next three weeks, Sherlock doesn’t feel anything. He doesn’t do anything, either. It takes up all his energy trying to ignore the pain of having lost John and of knowing that he’ll never be with him again. His husband left, and he hasn’t returned. It is what it is. He should learn to accept it and move on.
“Yeah, I think not taking a nap yesterday in order to learn the Greek alphabet might’ve been a bad idea.”
“Yeah, me too.” I don’t know what else to say. I’ve never really spent much time talking to Molly. To be fair, I only saw her with Sherlock, and she only ever had eyes for him.
When he enters the kitchen in his wine coloured dressing gown, John is busy setting up the table, but looks up and pauses upon seeing Sherlock nonetheless. It smells of eggs, toast, tea and the Christmas tree John insisted on putting up.
“Rosie, come here!” Sherlock smiles at our daughter who immediately wants to be in his arms instead. I let her down and prepare her favourite mash. Sherlock takes Rosie to the living room and starts jumping her up and down on the floor. The two of them seem to enjoy the bumping sound, and Rosie keeps screaming “Higher, higher!”.
He arrives at the station twenty minutes later, scanning his environment for a tall figure in a long coat, when all of a sudden he notices that distinguishing feeling in his gut again, telling him that Sherlock is nearby. He finds him at the Fish & Chips counter, having an argument with the owner about the difference between Dutch and English chips.
Once people start shouting a count-down, John turns to Sherlock thinking there’s no one he’d rather start the New Year with. When the fireworks start, the sky turns into a spectacle of lights and colours, giving John chills. He smiles upwards, forgetting his worries and enjoying the moment instead.
“He’s the bravest and kindest and wisest human being I’ve ever been fortunate enough to meet. He’s the best man I’ve ever known,” he concludes.
“Oh, okay. Although I hope you don’t count the dinner when we were interrupted by the Japanese who tried to kill me as a date.”
Sherlock awakes early the next morning with a back pain he hasn’t felt in years. He rolls his neck around to ease the tension and wishes he could cure John’s amnesia just as easily. There’s no light in the bathroom, so John’s probably still asleep. Sherlock decides to prepare tea and a small breakfast. When John finally emerges from their room, the tea is cold and the toast is dry.
His five-year old daughter raised an eyebrow at him, the expression so similar to Sherlock’s that it startled John. “You need to read the book to me, first,” she said.
“It’s a crime scene, I don’t want it contaminated. Are we clear on that?” the man asks in a nasal voice. He crosses his arms in front of his chest and visibly lengthens his spine, trying to make himself look taller.
“Oh, hey John,” Sherlock replies, seeming genuinely surprised. “I’m on my way to a crime scene. What are you doing here?”
Sherlock increases his pace, stamping his foot on the ground with each step. He wants to get home and sulk on the couch as quickly as possible.
The puzzle I am trying to solve is not only what I could have said, but also why he told me that lie. Was it because he wanted to make his death easier for me? Did he think I wouldn’t grieve him if I believed he was a liar? Did Moriarty force him to say that to me? I keep replaying our last conversation in my mind, trying to figure out his intentions. When he stood there and instructed me to stay where I was, I did, because I thought that he’d jump if I moved. But he jumped anyway. I can still hear his broken voice saying
“Some do, let me show you a couple. I think this particular model would be a match for you. It has a nice floral design, too.”
“You remember what I wore?!” John giggles slightly and it’s the second best sound Sherlock has heard all day, almost as wonderful as John’s
He’s never experienced such a rollercoaster ride of emotions before. He’s happy and relieved that John has finally woken up; and he’s miserable and terrified that John doesn’t remember him. How is this even possible? He has known John for over ten and a half years now. How can everything they’ve been through together – Moriarty, his faked death, Mary, Magnussen, the baby, their wedding – be nothing but the story of two strangers to John? How can it be that the person Sherlock loves most in the world doesn’t remember that he loves him back?
John forces a laugh, clearly uncomfortable with the situation. Sherlock can practically hear his mind swirling. “Could you put something on, please? Er, anything at all. A napkin.”
“I am! But my body’s betraying me,” Sherlock says before coughing out loud. “Please, John, I’m in agony!”
Things have changed in the last couple of weeks – in the last six weeks, to be precise. Sherlock has been distracted by his own thoughts, almost unable to focus at crime scenes. He keeps hearing muffled words like
“Well, as you know I’m a consulting detective and therefore I’m interested in forensics, chemistry, biology and deductions, obviously.” He bites in his toast to buy himself some time to think of something interesting to tell John. “Of course my main area of interest in the last decade has been the study of John Watson,” he adds.
“Since when do you worry? You don’t have to, I’m just…content,” I respond, and realise immediately how that sounds.
The worst thing of all is that, even though it’s selfish and not understandable and horrible to even think about, Sherlock starts to get angry with John. He can’t even explain why – because this is all Sherlock’s fault and John is doing his best to remember – but sometimes between all the understanding and consideration he feels the tiniest bit of anger flickering inside him.
John Watson has known this for as long as he can remember. His earliest memory is of him climbing up on his bedroom windowsill and trying to jump out (his mother, who is walking past, screams and takes him down. His windows are always closed after that) and his childhood revolves around activities that inspire that rush of adrenalin: Rugby, Judo, Paintball- John has done them all by his tenth birthday. The bigger the adrenalin rush the better, and John will do almost anything to experience the thrill that runs through him when he is in danger.
The next morning Sherlock woke up on an unfamiliar floor, with a name in his head, and with Irene’s voice whispering in his ear, ‘Hate to break it to you, buddy, but you’ve got a little something on your neck.’
Sherlock nodded. ‘One. The youngest bastard. His name is Dean, he lives in Buckinghamshire. He was nice, I suppose. At least, I didn’t instantly hate him.’
Dick came up next, grabbing John’s hand and pulling him in for a man-hug. ‘Nice meeting you, John. I’m sorry about my brother.’ He glanced to his right, where Jim and Sherlock were standing so close that John was almost certain their foreheads were touching. ‘But you seemed to have a good time with Irene and us, eh?’
No one said anything to John the next morning about his photograph: the squadron ate breakfast in the barracks, and nobody was looking at John weirdly, though Becca was glaring, as usual. John was quiet but tried not to act that different from normal; the last thing he needed was Sholto to realise that something was wrong with him and scream at everyone for bullying him.
Sherlock patted him on the shoulder and smiled quickly. ‘The advice was fault proof, Jack. It won’t fail. You are a relationship genie.’
John cannot bond with his son. He cannot watch someone else take Sherlock’s place: he cannot watch someone grow to replace the person he loved most in the world. He
Mycroft was still talking about his mysterious lover and Sherlock put that horrible day out of his mind, wanting to know more. ‘They’re at the palace a lot, for protection mostly, though they’re also a detective with Scotland Yard. Father knew their mother and requests them personally.’
Sherlock and John had been talking again since about mid-October of the previous year: it had been Sherlock who got in contact, from the clinic. It had arrived on a normal Sunday in the post: it was an incredibly formal letter which John suspected Sherlock had been made to write as part of his recovery, but John had replied and then Sherlock had replied and they’d written as often as they could.
It was depressing having such a talented friend, but at the same time it was awesome. Sherlock was the most popular kid at the resort, and as his best friend, John was as well.
He builds up a reputation as a player, going from girl to girl to girl. He isn't looking for love, isn't looking for a girlfriend (truthfully, he doesn't think he has the emotional capacity for either) and targets girls in unhappy relationships with older boys. The idea that he is screwing these boys over, that he is responsible for the broken look on their faces when they find out just adds to the rush and John does it more and more. He’s addicted but he doesn't care, because the feeling is the best thing in his life and, he suspects, it always will be.
He takes Sherlock’s hand in his own. It’s cold and dry, and John raises it to his lips, kissing it gently.
They fell in love with each other, surprising both of them, but they gladly embraced it, overjoyed that they had finally found someone who understood them the way that they had always wanted to be understood. They trusted each other over everyone else; they did things to each other they had vowed never to do. They talked about the past, the present, the future. They were so comfortable with each other that they both, particularly the younger boy, began to share things they really, really shouldn’t.
‘Sherlock,’ John said calmly. His bags were packed, resting against the wall outside his room, and he was already wearing his jacket. ‘You have something to say.’
‘That was AMAZING!’ John shouted the last word, punching Sherlock on the shoulder. ‘You’re a genius!’
Molly suddenly ripped herself away from Irene and looked around; everyone in the hall was staring at her. ‘Oh my God, Irene, I’m so sorry-’
‘Ten minutes, but I’ve had company.’ John squeezed Sherlock’s hand and gestured towards a boy who was inspecting the painting that Sherlock had hung above his dresser. He was turned away from Sherlock so he could only see the back of his head but a pang of recognition ran through him, and Sherlock, still holding John’s hand, said cheerfully, ‘what can I do for you?’
‘Wow.’ John said, awed, as they walked past the main entrance to a small guard post. John walked slowly behind him, watching the people gasp as they recognised Sherlock, who had taken off his hat and stuffed it in his pocket. They ignored John, mostly, though, which was good.
Sherlock is gets sadder and sadder as Lizzie ages. He starts asking John if they’re going to carry on doing this forever, if Sherlock will always be John’s
The boy lifted his face slightly so John could just see his mouth, which was smiling even wider now. ‘I like you.’
‘Your- Papa- is- EVIL!’ Sherlock gasped between giggles. ‘Please, girls, please stop, oh my god this is horrible.’
‘I’m not.’ Sherlock interrupted, glaring at John. ‘Why would I be? Just a mistake, forgot to let go, didn’t mean too, we shan’t discuss it again, nothing to worry about, my fault completely-‘
Time restarted, and suddenly they were back in the parade, two men pressed together. ‘Then let’s go,’ Sherlock grinned, a totally un-Sherlock grin, and began to lead him into the crowd of his, John’s,
And Sherlock could see it, in John’s eyes, that he had finally, finally worked out who, exactly, James Moriarty was. All of those references, all of those times Sherlock came so close to telling him but never did, and finally, finally, John knew, and why hadn't Sherlock told him? Why had he been such an idiot?
Lizzie is up in a second, congratulating her brother with a hearty clap on the back as she bemoans how he got
‘I want you to be the first to see them, Papa,’ Nathaniel is saying, and John just nods, standing up and hugging his son tight to him, before following him into the delivery room.
that this didn't feel like a thousand daggers, stabbing into his heart, as he realised Sherlock had moved on. He stood up, blindly rushing out of the room, his breathing laboured as he tried to make sense of the situation-
It hadn’t been the same with Irene; her hand hadn’t felt quite the same in his. That didn’t matter, though, because Irene had given him the best sexual experience of his life afterwards and that had let him forget, forget it all, if only for a half-hour.
Victor pushes Sherlock away from him, glaring as fiercely as he can, but Sherlock is so overcome with arousal that he can barely think. ‘Quieter? How am I meant to be quieter? You are the one- you are the one causing these sounds, you are the one making the noise.’
'Not at all, Sir,' Hunter said quietly. 'There's nothing at all funny about the camp's crappy food.'
John opened his mouth, because he knew, he felt, that something was horribly wrong, but Mycroft began to speak.
Sherlock waved an arm dismissively. ‘Irrelevant. Didn’t know her name.’ He pulled his tie and glared uncomfortably at the top table. ‘Is this nearly over? And why am
‘Who?’ John asked curiously, though his mind was still on James Moriarty. He remembered the King saying that Moriarty had helped with the attacks on New Years, but Sherlock seemed to be saying that he had been very close with the terrorist. A part of John wanted to ask more questions but then Sherlock smiled, the sadness gone, and stood. ‘You, John Watson.’ He said matter-of-factly. ‘Come.’
It had been a long few weeks, the Cambridge lot went a lot quicker than he did…Jesus Christ, this was just what he needed-
John didn't even have to think of a reply. It was instinct, a reflex, to say, ‘More than you could possibly imagine.’
‘Do not worry,’ came a deep, posh voice from behind the counter. ‘You have entered a bookshop. Not a coffee shop. Though we do sell coffee.’
John tried to protest but Mycroft had already walked away. He looked around, looking for someone who would understand, but the nearest person was Lestrade, who clearly didn't speak English, so he just squared his shoulders and went outside.
even as we watched our family die, the people we grew up with die, our first lives die.’ He pauses. ‘After that, it was easier. I went through the centuries avoiding making long-term commitments to mortals, as friends, lovers, companions. It was easier to face eternity alone, and the first four-hundred years of my existence were easy enough. Until my son was born.’
John frowned. One of the A.T’s had taken their luggage to the room and Jenny had gone to find Paul, Mike’s father. The two of them were very good friends and had been since the first year the Watson family had gone to the resort: John half suspected there was something else going on there. ‘What do you mean, dead?’
it when Mycroft looked at him like he was looking at him right now: as if Sherlock was a stupid, accident-prone baby who couldn't understand the world around him and had to be covered in bubble-wrap to prevent certain death.
His hair was longer, curling into the nape of his neck in a way that John found strangely attractive. His skin was incredibly pale, paler than usual, and his cheekbones were even more prominent; he had lost weight. He looked almost completely different than he had a just under a year and a half ago
‘Into battle,’ he whispered, and John smiled back. ‘As long as you’re by my side, we can overcome anything.’
Sherlock huffed. ‘Has anyone ever told you, Rosie, that you’re so like John. Always interrupting me. What I mean to say is, I’d like to be there for my
‘He was the son of some maid who worked at Balmoral,’ Sherlock said, thinking fondly of his favourite palace. ‘She died, and my mother found out about him. Mycroft had been living with some aunt of his, so she demanded he was brought here. My father didn’t refuse her; he never did.’ Sherlock sniffed, remembering how his father had loved his mother. It was why Sherlock was his favourite child; every time William looked at him, he saw his beloved first wife.
On the whole, Cambridge as a city wasn’t that bad. It was beautiful: the architecture was amazing, the (regular) people seemed nice, there were coffee shops around every corner and the entire place had an aura of peaceful calm. Even the grounds of actual Uni were beautiful- some of the buildings had been standing for over six hundred years, and the courtyards and walkways were amazing. As a bit of a nature geek, John loved it.
Sherlock didn’t really know what to do with himself, he’d now bought his books from “Flourish and Blotts”, he’d topped up his potions supplies in “Slug & Jiggers Apothecary”, he’d even popped into “Weasley’s Wizard Wheezes” and rolled his eyes at a group of third years pining over the love potions, and Mycroft still hadn’t bought his ruddy umbrella. He did consider just going home via the floo network… but he knew Mrs Holmes would be less than impressed by this… So what to do?
They walked on a few steps, before Sherlock turned back and stamped in the pumpkin decorating the office’ front steps repeatedly, until the face on its carving was utterly destroyed.
Once the list was finished, after numerous drafts and redrafts from Sherlock's mother, John managed to escape upstairs, opening Sherlock’s bedroom door to, at first, a showering of colourful insults and explanations of why no one should be in there, followed by an abrupt, rather embarrassed mumbling of apologies once Sherlock saw who it was.
This particular time, he was checking the cotton pouches for fingerprints (using soot he had made himself, much to the dismay of John one quiet afternoon in the grounds, and spellotape).
John immediately straightened up, and Greg got up off of the floor. Steven didn’t move an inch, however. The few people who remained, froze abruptly. Someone tried to knock off the record player but missed.
John held  his breath, carefully, ever so carefully, grasping Sherlock’s thin wrist from his shoulder and unwinding himself from the grasp, every slight movement feeling enormous, every gentle brush of fabric sounding deafening.
“And that you aren’t colour blind!” John said, causing them both to roar even louder over their wrong coloured, multi-coloured mixtures.
“In all fairness, Professor, Sherlock didn’t ask for this lady to write to him, he’s just trying to help-” John chimed in, desperately. Sherlock offered him a thankful smile.
"Cheers" John said, carefully folding the tie and putting it in his coat pocket. "I'm John by the way, John Watson."
“John!” Sherlock snapped back, but looked apologetic immediately. “I-I’m thinking – you said you were interested?”
Sherlock didn’t reply, merely carried on, down the stairs, and eventually down to the dungeons, to his common room, embarrassment swirling in his stomach, clutching at his chest. He’d been fooled.
Sherlock headed downstairs, only just realising how late it had gotten, how long they’d been working, how his parents had in fact headed off to bed.
John coughed, before shooting Mr and Mrs Holmes a worried glance, who were incidentally having another crack at making mince pies only a few metres away.
“Ah yes,” Sherlock laughed, but feeling very nervous at John’s… closeness… “I have been told if I cannot be a detective, jestering is the path to go down.”
“I just assumed you wouldn’t be at breakfast, so-” John continued, seeing the slight panic in Sherlock’s eyes.
“I know,” He smirked, “Be sure that the bunting looks symmetrical, or some other comment that suggests I really care about this party.”
“And of course it’s not easy when your potions partner finishes in about three minutes and leaves you to it!” John added, nodding to Sherlock “But I have to admit it is funny watching Mags squirm every time – he’s dying for you to do badly”
“Yes John!” Graham screamed, his voice nearly hoarse, as John whacked the quaffle high into the air, so Stephen, a chaser, could retrieve it and score.
Sherlock nodded again, and allowed John to slip his arm under his and to lift him (with barely any effort) to his feet.
. But there was something else… something different, something not quite mixing with the rest… that Sherlock was desperately trying to put his finger on. Sherlock shut his eyes, concentrating.
Mr and Mrs Holmes walked gloved-hand in gloved-hand, chatting away merrily to them all, pointing out the icicles hanging from tree branches and from the tips of chimneys, and the scatterings of snow piles that had been shovelled at their neighbours drives and doorsteps, and throwing the odd snowball, Mrs Holmes enchanting hers to centre in on the back of their heads. When they reached the top of their long lane, an arduous journey due to Mycroft's persistent whining and the thick snow which had fallen in the last week, they perched themselves on a fence at the top of a field. There they all drank their hot chocolate, huddling close for warmth and listening to the distant laughter and chatter of families and friends wishing each other Happy Christmases, the sound of joy carrying on the biting morning breeze.
“Your mother… your mother… Oh yes! Isnt she that ex-Slytherin philosopher who restarted the fight for Muggle-protection after Voldemort’s downfall, then went and married a mud-blood Hufflepuff?” Seb taunted “proud of her are you, Sherlock? Giving you a filthy blooded father and fucking your genes up so badly you’re now a hairy-hearted, unfeeling perv-”
But surely John could find one that wasn’t garish or itchy, something that would simply keep him warm without him wanting to burn it or cover it in flesh-eating-slug repellent.
It was Seb and Anderson, and before Sherlock could apologise again for flattening this stranger, he grabbed his shopping and legged it once again in the direction of the Leaky Cauldron, leaving John and Greg laughing, confused in the street.
John sighed, and rose to his feet too. Sherlock beckoned him over, fingers to his lips. John obliged.
Sherlock smiled, “So you’re planning on spending more time with me?” he replied, a tad nervously John noticed.
Sherlock’s first surprise was that John saved him a seat in Alchemy. Sherlock entered the classroom, late, hair a mess, face crumpled from the indentation of his bed sheets he’d been tucked up in mere minutes before. He felt the eyes of students fall upon him, however the professor didn’t look up. That’s when he heard John’s whisper, saw John beaming, and saw him tapping his watch teasingly. It was a pleasant surprise. The second surprise however, was less pleasant. Half an hour into the lesson, which meant half an hour into Sherlock staring at the ceiling, whilst correcting the professor under his breath, McGonagall entered their classroom.
Sherlock still failed to turn around. He just stood there, staring blankly at the cobbles outside Ollivander's.
Mike had sent him a Christmas card with a Honeyduke’s candy cane inside it, Molly had given him a pair of socks in a very… garish design, and he opened a parcel containing a pack of six festive Butterbeers from someone Sherlock couldn’t place.
Sherlock gave a little nod, and stammered a barely audible “Thank you” before continuing to sort out Billie for the week. John perched himself on one of the lesser dropping-stained arches, where he began to think…
October passed rather pleasantly, although Sherlock still found himself obsessing over those photographs in the back of his mind, and evidently John was still bothered by it too.
“Well you’ve adjusted every other one I’ve put up- and if you think you’re sitting there for the next hour you’ve got another bloody thing coming. We’ve got to set up.”
“Hello,” came his booming voice across his garden, as he wheeled an enormous wheelbarrow full of surprisingly small pumpkins “Thanks for all your help, boys. I can be finishing the rest, unless you wanna finish that one you’re doing, John-“
“Clearly. Same string on the bags of aconite and on the parcel, the events occurred the same evening, and both items have been purposely made damp,” Sherlock reeled off quickly, gesturing up to the ceiling, “Obviously”
“It’s a murder, John. In Hogsmeade. A good old-fashioned poisoning.” Sherlock was practically whispering, his eyes wild, “A man went to bed, all doors and windows locked, and never woke up the next morning.”
Without consulting John, he pulled out his wand and said “Incendio” as if it was of no worry whatsoever, and John was ready to pull them both into the safety of the lake when, but as Sherlock had said, the flame fizzled out at the contact with the aconite.
“Good morning Janine” he said, exhaling. “Lovely to know you were looking over my shoulder, definitely keep that in mind when I’m opening up my mail.
John sighed, pulling on his pyjama top, “Dunno…” he moved into the centre of his bed, and sat cross-legged, taking off his socks. “I’ll… I’ll talk to her in the morning…” he felt very guilty.
“Thought you wanted to revise? If you won’t help me you may as well help yourself, mightn’t you?” Sherlock said, without looking up.
It was when he reached the top of the second staircase of the fourth floor that he was interrupted. A boy of with dark brown hair slicked cleanly across his head, whom John did not particularly recognise, was balanced on the banister, twiddling his wand between his fingers, remarkably similar to how Sherlock did sometimes.
“She really seems to like you,” John said, teasingly, but Sherlock could hear the slight pang of annoyance in his tone.
After ‘um’ing his way through a few seconds under Borage’s watery glare, Sherlock cleared his throat, nodding ‘subtly’ at him in the otherwise motionless class.
Madam Pomfrey continued busying about, mopping up his face and other smaller grazes on his arms and knees, barking ‘Episkey!’ at his nose and ‘Brackium Emendo!’ at his wrist, Sherlock wincing in pain with both, John observing excitedly, and of course one more dose of the purple slime to stop Sherlock moaning.
Eventually, at 21:45, he saw a skinny, stumbling figure of a girl tiptoeing up the path. John rubbed his eyes tiredly, unbelievably relieved to see her, but exceedingly fuming. He opened the door of their bedroom, and crept carefully passed the half dozen closed doors filled with wizarding children tucked up in bed. However, he heard a loud bang from within one of them, followed by a great deal of shushing and giggling.
At this point, Mike, John and Sherlock would all have rather been locked in the dungeons with a mountain troll than stood there and watched.
Before long, Geoff cracked out the Bertie Bott’s every flavour beans, and the four of them sat taking it in turns, however Sherlock completely abstained.
Sherlock rose from the table, as if he’d suddenly reminded himself of this fact, and headed in the direction of the back door and, alas, the shed again.
“Sherlock- may not- know my name-” Greg struggled, through a sudden attack of hiccups, “But he- sure knows- how to party!”
“Oh er- I was actually er,” she murmured, drawing her eyes away from the bruises on Sherlock’s nose “I was going to go to the Hufflepuff Quidditch trials…” she said, suddenly shy, “I just missed the cut for chaser last year, but-”
“I might just not go… Save myself the trip to the hospital wing or having to buy a new cauldron… I’ll see you late-” Greg jumped up stroppily, knocking over his tea in the process.
“Yep,” Sherlock said, unimpressed, “He does love to show off. Probably stole it from someone else’s desk.”
"In. His. Fat. Face" John couldn't tell if Greg was doing this on purpose, but his sheer stupidity cheered him slightly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and huffily slumped back against the wall, yet sprang straight back up again seeing his mother sharply draw in breath.
It was Filch, screeching from a nearby corridor, accompanied by approaching footsteps and the dragging squelch of an old mop.
They exchanged gentle smiles, and John leant back in his seat. Sherlock returned to looking at the sea of fields and small cottages flying past the window, with little interest now. He had forgotten how nice casual company was. It was a funny feeling. He paused, and turned back,
“Do make sure he eats something, I know he’ll try not to.” John nodded, turning to go “Anyway, well done for bringing him here, I didn’t know you two were together? I bet you’ll calm him down a bit, the dear.”
Picking up their bags and John still swearing under his breath, they set off for the best thing Hogsmeade had to offer; butterbeer.
The snitch was nowhere to be seen as of yet. Whenever Sherlock had watched a match before, that had been his largest feature of interest, keeping his eyes peeled for the tiniest flash of gold in the corner of his eye, but this time he’d been too busy watching John to notice.
“That nearly burnt the crowd and emitted potentially poisonous fumes? Hm… no,” Sherlock leaned across further, his voice lowering, “I saw someone last night, sneaking away and-”
John smiled at him doubtfully, face brightened with laughter, and they both filed out of the hall, Sherlock changing the subject to how beautiful the weather was in attempt to conceal his embarrassment. He hadn’t realised he’d already forgotten Gordon’s name.
“I have told you time and time again Mr Holmes, Hogwarts is not yours to turn into a detective’s office. Do you understand me?”
“Now, I apologize deeply for those two children at the back interrupting our lesson before it even got started. But! We have someone important in our midst… Well, they think so anyway. He is just so “clever”, such a “genius”, so “ahead of his years” that batty old McGonagall thought it was appropriate to put the know-it-all in this class.” Some of the Slytherins began to giggle. “Stand up boy, stand up!” Magnussen said in his sickening fashion, leering at someone on the front row. “Come on now, I thought you were a genius? Don’t you know how to stand?” John and Greg exchanged confused looks,
Greg was pulled to his feet, terrified, face flushed a lovely scarlet colour. However, John didn't get up, he was too weak from laughing at the fear on his best friend's face, which was a shame for Greg, as if he was going to talk to Molly John was his preferred wing-man.
“Let’s go! Come on!” Graham grabbed Sherlock by the cloak and the two of them ran down the stands and finally on to the pitch.
Sherlock pulled his wand from his pocket, and began spinning it between his fingers, without taking an eye off of John however.
“That wasn’t supposed to happen, was it…?” John asked nervously, grabbing the elbow of Sherlock’s robe.
“There you go Billie,” he said quietly, stroking the owl’s crown as it adjusted its beak around the yellow paper, “Try not to peck his eyes out when you deliver it, I know it’ll be tricky.”
He bolted upright, sweat dripping down his face, tear-tracks damp across his cheeks. The four members of his dormitory were still snoring away, even Greg. John swallowed hard, trying hard to regain control of his breathing. He felt a sob well up in his throat- but he pushed it down. He let his head fall heavy against his pillow, and covered his face with his hands. He lay there silently, watching as the light slowly leaked into the room. He didn’t sleep again that night.
Sherlock pulled his pipe from the pocket of his robes, “Haven’t the foggiest.” he lit the end of it, “Thankfully, unlike this gunpowder my tobacco is flammable.”
When John’s eyes fell upon the boy in the chair, his already majorly pissed demeanour began to boil.
As soon as he stepped out of the dungeons, the smell of heavily buttered toast, pumpkin-syrup pancakes, freshly grilled bacon and, most appealing to Sherlock, freshly brewed coffee, wafted along the corridors invitingly. Surprisingly, the second he approached the entrance to the hall, he felt two hands slap onto his shoulders. His immediate response was to prepare for a beating, but –
Twenty-minutes had passed, and Sherlock surprisingly had only been in his mind-palace for thirteen of these, when a sharp knock rattled the old oak door so suddenly, both he and his headmistress jumped out of their skins, McGonagall’s quill soaring into the air. Sherlock would have caught it, yet feared if he did so she’d ask him to join a Quidditch team, so naturally watched it fall instead, predicting the distance the ink would spray – Correctly, of course. McGonagall rose from her desk huffily, her navy robes flowing behind her as she approached the office door. On opening it with a heavy clunk, the sight she was met with took both her and Sherlock by great surprise.
John may be an idiot… but it didn’t take a genius to work out what Sherlock’s deflation in mood was down to. Even Mr and Mrs Holmes looked tense.
The familiar smell of damp and wood-smoke had been perfuming the air, accompanied by the smell of burning paint from Hagrid's old door frame.
“I love it,” Sherlock said firmly, and without any further pause, he pulled the jumper on over his pyjama shirt.
“He’s a bastard. Let me guess, he asked you to write to him daily, giving him updates on what I’m up to?” He asked flatly, plucking one of the strings.
“Don’t worry- We’ve got this, guys you just need to trust yourselves now-” John said, rather more rehearsed than he hoped they realised, in response to
“So eager to do well,” Sherlock stated quietly, leaning back to return to the harrowing task of analysing the ceiling structure.
John did not bring him a cup of tea, which annoyingly forced Sherlock to stray downstairs where his family were-
“But- What about the Sixth Year?” Greg said, nervously, glancing at John, who was lifting his head in dismay.
In all Sherlock’s years, he had never seen someone so overly relaxed erupt as quickly as Greg did at the mention of Sebastian.
Sherlock didn’t move, he looked at the floor suddenly. John walked slowly back up the few steps he’d just stepped down, sensing the sudden diminish of mood.
“Besides it’d be nice for John and I to have some time alone,” he continued, “allow us to get better acquainted, don’t you think so, John?”
They were sat by the lake, somewhere which had become a regular spot for them to go together, both wrapped in thick scarves and pretending they weren’t dithering quietly in the cold. They were completely alone apart from Carl, as usual, who was swimming out in the centre of the water.
“How can I help you arrange these socks then?” John murmerd, trying not to focus on the fact that he wasn’t even pretending to look at the socks at all.
“But there is no other spell I know that has that same effect, the patterns of long strips of marks, the coloration of them-” he suddenly appeared quite uncomfortable “which means something a lot darker…”
John poured himself a cup, and instinctively found himself pouring Sherlock one too, who luckily was just coming into the hall. John beamed.
“Bloody hell” John said with a sigh, rolling the sodden cuffs of his cloak up around his elbows to cease the dripping “Got to love the British weather, right?”
After all had been eaten and drunk, hands sticky with sugar and stomachs warm and full, and there seemed to be no more scares left to be administered from ghost or student alike, McGonagall stood and bid them all goodnight.
“No. Checked. All living residences in Hogsmeade are under an anti-apparition charm, like this place,” he murmured, with a sudden lack of enthusiasm, biting his lip irritably.
“Umbugular” He snapped impatiently, bouncing on the balls of his feet irritably by the damp stone walls of the common room. Every year Sherlock was always in a hurry to get back to his common room after the opening feast, sprinting to get to bed so Sebastian had no chance to heckle him before they went to their separate dormitories. Sherlock was thankful every day that Seb slept in the 7
It wasn't as boring as Sherlock had first thought. Nothing to scream and shout about, or punch people in the face over as he was sure Graham had done before, but not a necessarily bad way to spend a Saturday morning. And then, there was John.
Hogsmeade had outdone itself, to the point where Sherlock was even somewhat not completely unimpressed by it. Pumpkins of all varieties imaginable, carved in hundreds of different ways, littered the entrance to Hogsmeade village, and lanterns of orange, purple and green were strung from each lamppost, bobbing up and down. Smoke billowed from each chimney, perfuming the air with the smell of cinnamon and cider and of course, pumpkin pie.
John didn’t see Sherlock for the entirety of the following week. He wasn’t in lessons, wasn’t at breakfast, or dinner, he didn’t even see him across the corridor or about the grounds… He’d be worried, if he wasn’t being such a dick. It wasn’t John’s fault they case had been fake, but there was a slight twinge of sadness in him, he’d enjoyed their few days case solving, after all.
Carl smiled at him thankfully, before scooping up his belongings and heading in the direction of the much warmer castle.
“But we’ve already been to Second Hand Robes! I just want to get an ice cream from Fortescues, and go home. That’s all I want, John… all I want… why am I wasting my holiday shopping with you?!” Greg said, sticking out his lower lip and giving it a wobble.
“Why do Gryffindor always get shoved with the bloody Slytherins” John whispered, twiddling his quill between his fingers irritably. “I mean I get it there’s an ongoing rivalry but Jesus… this is why. We are constantly rammed together, us and Sebastian the snarky prat-” At this point, Sebastian had turned around and was watching John eagerly, an overly sweet smile on his ugly face. “Nevermind…”
On arriving at "their" compartment, they found Greg, fast asleep against the window and snoring like an idiot, surrounded by 6 first years. They were chattering excitedly, playing exploding snap on their laps, and practically screaming over the thought of the talking sorting hat.
“Pft, no,” He said, a look of disgust upon his face “But I can’t miss out on Greg… ‘Throwing stuff’ now can I!”
It was followed by laughter, cruel laughter, laughter that interrupting new and continuing cries and yelps of pain,
To everyone’s surprise, a short, slim girl with fiery ginger hair, who Sherlock vaguely recognised as John’s sister, popped up behind him, grabbing his sad, untouched piece of toast.
and it was all too near for John to ignore. Allowing his bag to slide from his shoulder to the earth, John started back down the hill, but not by the path, to where the yells originated, hand clasped around his wand so tight it's pattern left traces on his palm.
And it started. The flashing of white and green lights, distorted through glass. The echoing sound of feet running up the wooden stairs. Harry’s hand clasped tightly in his, the feel of his wand clasped tight in his free hand… The screams from downstairs, the smashing of glass, and then the thick, cold, cruel laughter that rang throughout his head, ricocheted around his brain, making its home somewhere deep in his chest… and the pain, the sharp burning vice-like pain lancing its way across his shoulder… and then he was yelling, and yelling, and-
“Sherlock, you haven’t bought anything!” His father piped up. His father was in jeans and a thin cream jumper. Even after all these years he still hadn’t converted to the wizard way of dressing. He owned one set of robes, in black, with one black cloak (from his wedding day). “Your uniform still fits you, fine, but you need a new set of books, ink…”
Sherlock nodded, and they returned to the armchair, but John’s playful smile had been wiped from his face.
“Potion exploded. Erupted gloriously out of my cauldron. Blew me right off the bed. You should see the state of the dormitory…”
The reply didn’t come. Sherlock sat there in the Owlery, his damaged jumper thrown back on, idly reading over the letter from Mycroft.
John, rather reluctantly, obliged. Mycroft handed him a cup of tea, and John couldn’t escape the feeling that he was suddenly at an interview instead of a nice “chat” with his friend’s brother.
the four of them settled down on a set of stones protruding from the grassy slope, which had just about dried thanks to the morning sunshine. John was pleased Sherlock was joining them; it surprised even him how quickly the events of the previous evening had warmed him to him. He felt a sudden eagerness to learn more about this detective lark, however something told him to perhaps leave it until only the two of them were present.
“I should, you know, hit the hay. It is Christmas Eve tomorrow, and who sleeps properly on Christmas eve?” John said tiredly, fists clenched at his sides.
“That’s...” John starts, but he stares at Sherlock’s lips while doing so. He doesn’t say anything after that, instead slowly tilts his head forward.
“I think we’ve already done that, John.” He raises an eyebrow back in a somehow utterly seductive way.
“Good morning,” Sherlock says and scans John with his eyes. When John looks at him without a spark in his eyes, Sherlock loses all hope that John was magically cured overnight.
“Seems quite theoretical to me,” Dr. Watson replies, shrugging his shoulders and looking around the lab once more.
Their eyes glued together, Sherlock starts to smile that distinct way that John is sure he’s the only person on earth who has ever been fortunate enough to witness, and he cannot believe how lucky he is.
When he came to Baker Street that evening in February and couldn’t find Sherlock, he decided to stay. Firstly, because he knew that if Sherlock made up his mind and returned, he’d come back to his flat. Secondly, because he had nowhere else to go. He could’ve stayed at a hotel until he found a suitable flat, but he simply didn’t want to leave the only place where he could still feel Sherlock’s presence. Mrs. Hudson offered him to rent the flat for himself when she found out about Sherlock’s disappearance and John’s and Mary’s separation, and John agreed willingly. He has been staying in the upstairs bedroom ever since, not daring to sleep in Sherlock’s bed.
“Magnussen wasn’t a good man and he had Mary, and therefore you, under his control. He could’ve destroyed your life at any point, and I couldn’t risk that. He wanted to play games with you. It started right there before I shot him when he flicked your face several times simply because he could. He had a power over you that couldn’t be taken away from him otherwise. So it was my only choice.”
Sherlock’s right hand moves away from John’s face slowly, stroking his chest and circling his nipples before gliding down in between their joined bodies. He places his long fingers around their erections, which grips them even closer together, and starts moving his hand in perfect rhythm. John moans, already on the verge of exploding. He barely manages to last a couple of strokes, before –
He thinks about his options. Going out to buy a jumper for Sherlock seems like a waste – considering Sherlock would only wear it once. Calling Mary to bring one of John’s jumpers doesn’t seem like a good idea, either, because she’d probably think him mad for taking care of Sherlock’s cold. The only option suitable enough is offering his own jumper to Sherlock, but how would that come across? Besides, it probably wouldn’t even fit.
“I actually just got back from the graveyard, you know,” I say, shifting my weight from one foot to the other. “I normally don’t visit often, it’s just with today and everything…” I let the end of the sentence trail off. Molly probably doesn’t even know what day it is today. And why am I telling her this, anyway?
“Wonderful.” Mary tells him the name and address of John’s clinic – as if Sherlock doesn’t know already. “He usually finishes work at 5 pm on Fridays. Maybe you could pick him up.”
At exactly five o’clock, the door rings. I open the door for Sherlock, who is wearing a black suit with a black shirt underneath and carrying a black leather bag in his hand.
When he’s finished, he opens his eyes and turns around to see John standing in the living room, with wet hair and the same towel wrapped around him, his eyes wide and his mouth open.
“I know, love, Nanna is back.” I can see Mrs. Hudson’s bright smile at the mention of her nickname. We decided to introduce her as Nanna to Rosie, because a toddler couldn’t possibly call her ‘Mrs. Hudson’ as well.
“He’s one of the men on our list,” Greg replies, fishing for a piece of paper in his coat pocket. He hands it to John. “If any of these people behave suspiciously, we need to react immediately.”
Up until a couple of weeks ago, Sherlock despised the idea of having a soulmate. It just isn’t logical; it doesn’t make sense from a scientific point of view. How can two people be destined to be together, be pulled towards each other like magnets? It’s ludicrous. Yet here Sherlock is, unable to forget the person his soul is bonded to, as if he were just an ordinary man with ordinary human emotions. From early on in his life, Sherlock – much like his brother Mycroft – always thought he was above outbursts of human emotions. He didn’t need love or friendship, didn’t need companionship or significant others. But for some reason, on the 30th of January (or maybe even the day before) he realised that he
“Mad? Why would I be mad at you?” I have to giggle. For a second, I think I’m going to hyperventilate. I have to take a deep breath. Sherlock LOVES me. Sherlock loves ME.
“So, what do you want to do on this big night?” John asked. He sat down and started counting on his fingers. “Watch crap telly, visit Mrs. Hudson, play Cluedo, phone prank your brother or ask Molly to bring over some body parts for us to analyse?”
Rosie was sitting in one of her tiny chairs and Sherlock was brushing her hair, focussing on her blonde curls as if they were the crucial evidence underneath a microscope.
“Oh… okay.” Rosie still seemed content, the briefness of John’s and Sherlock’s wish-marriage unable to reduce her excitement.
John leans in closer to Sherlock to look at the wound. The unmistakeable scent of John fills the air around Sherlock and makes the lonely forest feel like home.
Sherlock had no idea how they ended up playing charades and was very unimpressed about it, as apparently his acting out of 'A Year with a Yeti' by Gilderoy Lockhart was too difficult for his imbecile audience to understand, so decided to say yes at the next answer they fired at him.
John started looking about, flicking through shirts, jackets… but he knew what he wanted to get. Sherlock always attempted to wrap up warm, but his jumpers were so thin.
A friend of John’s and a stranger they’d brought with them were sat on his bed, very close together.
And soon, the turkey was being carved. Mrs Holmes did a cracking job at it, while Mr Holmes dished out wine amongst them all. It all looked and smelt delicious, perfectly roasted potatoes, thick hearty gravy, and John was touched as Mrs Holmes brought out his own individual nut roast which she’d prepared for him, stating how she’d “searched through copy after copy of Witch’s Weekly to find the recipe!”.
“Don’t say that. He’ll bloody turn up,” John said, tugging at his moustache. “Come on, who’s up for a drink?”
Surprisingly, days were swallowed up quickly, filled with the emptying of numerous teapots in front of the fire, with walking out into the fields before retreating back home to seek refuge from the cold, with conversations about nothing in particular, or about old newspaper clippings that Sherlock had pinned to his wall. Or his collection of ashes in tall glass phials upon his shelves. Or the skull that sat on top of a large pile of precariously stacked books. It was lovely, John thought. For all he’d known of Sherlock over the past few months, the boy who’d made him laugh at the back of classrooms, intrigued him with his lengthy rants about this case or that one, and made him run like a lunatic through the streets of Hogsmeade, it was completely different seeing him like this, seeing him comfortable and completely at ease.
“Fine.” And then, rather grudgingly added “Thank you.” He ate the broth without any fuss from then on, although primarily as he felt John’s eyes boring into him every time he put down his spoon.
“-who said she was staying with her sister, and came home yesterday morning to find him in bed, lifeless-”
Sherlock flushed slightly as John scraped out his chair and sat cautiously beside him. Mike spun to face him, eyebrows wiggling. John scowled hotly.
“That’s Carl Powers” Sherlock murmured “he comes every morning. Often only stays half an hour or so, they shouldn’t be long.”
signal, which left John sat in the kitchen with Mrs Holmes creating a guest list. As much as John was all for the idea of a party, he definitely would have much rather been up those stairs examining, or to be more truthful… watching Sherlock examine gloves and boxes and string fibres, and lots of other things that John would think insignificant and Sherlock would prove otherwise. He’d only meant for Sherlock to allow him his breakfast first.
Sherlock was crouching round the back of the Gryffindor quidditch stand, leaning against the wooden scaffold, curls falling over his face.
“Don’t be absurd,” He said smugly, taking another drag on the end of his pipe “Anyway the letter itself is straight to the point, no mentions of “I’m devastated” or “I can’t go on” – shows a level of assertiveness. Guilty people often tend to overcompensate the pain it’s causing them, this lady simply wants the case to be solved.”
The boy who wasn’t Gus’ giggle was particularly astounding, and the response of Mike, John, and the others surrounding them lead him to changing to beer again. However, Molly Hooper, had seemed to find the giggling rather endearing, as she’d been blushing each time the boy who wasn’t Gus had done so. Sherlock was pretty sure if the boy,
Whilst his final spoonful was halfway to his lips, concentrating immensely to keep his hand steady, he noticed the boy opposite giggling, it was that kind of barely audible giggle; just the slightest sound of snuffling accompanied by a few squeaks every once in a while.
Sherlock was practically thrown into the air when the Gryffindor team walked out onto the pitch, seven little red figures striding proudly out into the cold November sun. John was leading, holding his broom in front of him, head held high. Sherlock suddenly felt very nervous for him.
The first glimpses of Christmas morning began to peel into John’s vision, the cold living room biting at his face, contrasting the warmth of the throw over him, the incomparable stillness that particular morning brought, like the world had awoken slightly better, more peaceful, than it was the night before. This silence was only interrupted by the distant chiming of muggle church bells, the delicate patter of snow hitting the windowsill, and the excitable thrum of footsteps above his head. And the even breathing of his friend, so much closer than usual. This was different. The unexpected hand tucked securely behind him, his own cheek nuzzled into a shoulder, the solid weight and warmth of another person connected to him shoulder to thigh to foot. It was cosy, comforting. Well. It was, until John reminded himself who the person was.
The word wouldn’t leave him alone as he soaked in the water. The lavender scented water that Sherlock had run for him. It was only then that he noticed the mug on the bath’s rim, the white china with the leaves on, made to his liking. It was all very calming.
The crowds were chanting their incessant phrases, waving their burgundy flags violently and clapping at random intervals in the lead up to the match. Graham had painted his face gold, pretty terribly, on their way to the pitch, and was screaming at the top of his lungs for most of the twenty minute build up until first whistle.
Christmas is taking soooo much longer to write than I imagined, so sorry that Christmas is just about over and this is only the first of the Christmas chapters :') ah well, it can be a way to make Christmas last a bit longer... HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!!
“Yeah, I was, but you know how it is- powernap, shot of firewhisky, you’re back up! Ready to go! And midnight’s approaching, lads, we’ve got five minutes! Come on-” Greg lifted the front of the lampshade.
John shook his head, “No, it doesn’t does it…” he looked to Sherlock, who’s hat was sliding off sadly, “But I think you’d make a good jester,” John righted it on his head.
Sherlock ran, stumbling clumsily over his robes in terror. They’d found him, he’d lost their sickening version of hide and seek, and here was his prize. Philip, Andrew and Sebastian’s cruel laughter resonated in the silence, nagging at him like the brisk evening breeze, as his legs slipped and stammered up the grassy bank, the glowing lights of the castle too far away to be any comfort to him now. His heart was pounding harshly in his throat, his energy waning.
Sherlock closes his eyes, but he can still feel John’s presence. They aren’t technically touching, although they're only mere centimetres apart, but there is a warmth spreading from John’s body that feels unknown and fascinating. Sherlock can still feel John’s breath, now growing steadier and calmer against his neck. It sends small shivers down Sherlock’s spine, which he thinks come from him being a bit ticklish.
“No, John, of course not,” Sherlock replies. His voice sounds hoarse and even deeper than usual, and only then does John notice the pile of tissues on the floor and the redness around Sherlock’s nose and eyes. A navy-blue dressing gown is covering his otherwise bare chest, and he’s staring up at John with watery eyes.
“We’re going out for dinner. I picked out a suit for you, it’s on your bed,” Sherlock stated matter-of-factly.
This time, Sherlock doesn’t intent to sleep at all. This is probably the last time he’ll be this close to John in a long time, if not ever. He watches John again, ignoring the warmth currently spreading in his chest. Since they are face-to-face this time, it’s easy to bend forward and close the short distance between them. Right before John’s lips, Sherlock stops. Instead of doing what he imagined himself doing so many times, he pulls back slightly and rests his right hand under his cheek. He knows he probably shouldn't do it, but he can’t fight the urge to touch John just once. He slowly starts to stroke John’s head with his left hand. He touches John’s temples and his forehead, and then starts to slide his fingers through John’s hair. It feels so soft, if he could just –
This ring felt surprisingly comfortable on his finger, like it was meant to fill the void the gold one had left. John tried not to dwell on the implication of that for too long.
“Why did you never tell me that?” Mr. Simon looks horrified. I’m starting to get a bad feeling as to where the conversation is heading.
“One of our best man died getting the information to us. There is an underground terror cell at work in the city,” Mycroft continues.
Slipping the phone back into his pocket, John gathers his things and heads out without waiting for a reply. The warm evening air already hints at the arrival of spring, causing John to leave his jacket unzipped and his scarf open. Outside, his thoughts start to wander again. Without focusing on the street, he practically runs into the tall man in his dark coat.
He sits up and opens his eyes. I feel a stab of guilt immediately. The hematoma is still slightly visible in his left eye. I try to look away. I’ve always found Sherlock’s heterochromia eyes the most beautiful part of him, and I destroyed that, although only temporarily. I shift my weight from one foot to the other. When Sherlock remains silent, I frown at him.
“So, I think we should go to sleep,” John finally says, breaking the silence. His voice sounds strange, deeper somehow, and he clears his throat.
When John arrives on the other side of the street, he realises this might not have been his best idea yet. Upon approaching the police tape, one of the officers looks at him questioningly and starts coming closer. He’s followed by Mr. Holmes who appeared from out of nowhere, a look of surprise on his face that only lasts briefly before returning to a blank expression. John awaits them from the other side of the tape, desperately trying to come up with a suitable reason for his presence.
“When you wrote in your letter that you wanted me to be with the person who truly makes me happy, you didn’t realise…” He stops to take a deep breath. “You are that person, Sherlock.”
They both take a sip of their drinks in silence. Sherlock feels the burning liquor running down his throat, and he focusses on the feeling of it.
The place should feel strange, messy and probably also a bit disgusting to John, but it doesn’t. It simply feels like home.
“There was a bomb, we switched it off. I’ll tell you the rest tomorrow,” Sherlock replies, already halfway out of the carriage.
“No.” Sherlock responds too quickly. “I just wasn’t sure you’d want…this… me… in that way.” This is even more difficult than anticipated.
It’s enough for Sherlock to step forward, take John’s face into his hands and kiss him. The kiss is demanding and messy and wet, and it’s all Sherlock has ever wanted. He can’t believe that John still wants to be with him, even though he doesn’t remember the countless quiet evenings at Baker Street, the chases through London that cured his limp, or the dance lessons behind closed curtains. John doesn’t remember that Sherlock faked his own death for him, destroyed his reputation, his job and nearly his whole life for John. He doesn’t even remember their first kiss, the first sleepless night or the first time he called Sherlock his husband. And yet he wants to be with him anyway. The knowledge only makes Sherlock pull John closer with no intention of ever letting go.
Even though there’s still a lot to figure out, I’m glad that we moved back here. Baker Street always felt like home to me, and since October I’ve been feeling a lot less lonely and a lot more content with my life. It may sound cheesy, but it’s where I belong. Mary’s flat was great, but it always felt more like Mary’s flat than my own. When she died, everything reminded me of her. It was like the flat was haunted by her somehow. I could never have gotten myself to bring a date to the flat, not that I would’ve wanted to. I haven’t dated anyone since Mary’s death. At first, the incident with Sherlock’s sister creeped the hell out of me, then I didn’t want to date anyone and now I want to date the wrong person.
John came closer to the swing and leaned himself on the girder on one side of the swing,  crossing his arms and smiling somewhat suspiciously. Sherlock decided to give it a try and sat down on the swing. It was wet and tiny, but not too small for Sherlock to actually sit down. His long legs reached the sand underneath him without a problem, so he ducked his knees in order to be able to lift up. Once he pushed enough to actually swing, his coat billowed around him like a cape, and he enjoyed it immensely. He closed his eyes against the rain, and enjoyed the feeling of complete happiness and freedom for a while. When he opened his eyes again, he looked over to where John was standing and was rewarded with a big smile across John’s face. He stopped swinging but stayed in the seat.
“Oh, that’s so nice. Thank you, Sherlock.” Mary gives him a genuine smile, which Sherlock returns. She approaches and gives me a quick kiss, then turns over to Sherlock who kisses her on the cheek. Sometimes I can’t believe these two.
From this angle, he can see every shadow on John’s face. His eyes are closed but Sherlock knows their distinguishing colour of grey-blue by heart. He hovers over John, staring at his silvery hair, his grey stubble and the creases on John’s forehead, thinking about that distinct smile of John’s that makes Sherlock feel like he’s the only person in the world, when all of a sudden he just knows. It feels like being hit by a stone wall; it feels like falling off the edge of a cliff.
John didn’t know where to look because suddenly Sherlock was unbearably close. He stared at the floor like an idiot, catching sight of Rosie in her yellow dress swiftly running towards the side of the pavilion. Then there was a hand underneath his chin, gently pulling his head up.
“No, let me do it.” Sherlock says while getting up from the floor and heading into the kitchen. For a man almost in his forties, he shouldn’t be able to get up from that sitting position so easily, I notice with slight jealousy. I watch him open a drawer and retrieve a glass of baby food as well as a sauce pan.
“Oh, of course. Do you want me to accompany you?” Mike smiles at him, and John feels another stab of guilt.
I can’t help but think back to the last time I actually had sugar in my coffee. Sherlock had handed me a sugared coffee with a smile and I thought he wanted to apologise. As it turned out, he just used it as an excuse to try and drug me like a lab rat. That cock.
sound while clicking together. Just as Sherlock exhales a deep breath and starts to intertwine their fingers, John uses his fingers to move Sherlock’s hand away from him and onto the bed’s armrest.
“I’m a lot better, actually. I’m seeing my new therapist again on Tuesday, she really helps me through it. And Sherlock and I are a lot better, too.” I clear my throat. Of course Molly knows what happened at the morgue.
The doctor explains most of the events to John, telling him that he’s had an accident and a major brain surgery; that he woke up after three days of a vegetative state; that he suffers from retrograde amnesia and that instead of January 2010 it’s August 2020. John’s eyes widen at the explanation and for a moment Sherlock thinks John’s about to start crying, but his face hardens instead. Ever the soldier. Dr. Molder deliberately leaves out details about John’s personal life in the last decade, and turns to look at Sherlock to do the explaining thereof. Sherlock shifts his weight from one foot to the other and starts talking. It feels more than uncomfortable to talk to John in this formal manner, being so unacceptably far away from him.
Jogging down the stairs to catch his train as if it were any other Friday, John cannot know that this day will be the beginning of more than just the weekend.
Sherlock leans forward slightly, studying John’s face for a while, making John self-conscious. “You don’t want to think of her right now, do you?”
One and a half hours later I arrive back home. Mary is crawled up on the sofa, looking miserable. When she sees me, her eyes widen.
The past two weeks were a much needed holiday for him, after finally solving who was behind the planned terrorist attack to the Austrian parliament. His physical wounds started to heal, while his emotional wounds continued to bleed. The mission provided somewhat of a distraction, causing the pain to slowly turn numb in his veins. Now, however, without terrorists and captors and murderers by his side, Sherlock finds himself lost in memories all the time. Memories that keep flooding his mind almost every waking moment; and haunt him likewise in his dreams.
“As a matter of fact, John, we do,” Sherlock says, still avoiding to look at me. “We’re going out for dinner.”
“You ran away, Sherlock, leaving me behind. You never even asked how I feel,” John stops, because he feels his voice breaking.
And with that, he envelopes Sherlock into a small embrace. Sherlock inhales as much as he can from John and places his hands on John’s back. He closes his eyes and focuses on the rise and fall of John’s chest, remembering that John has finally woken up and is home where he belongs. It doesn’t feel like their usual hugs, though, because John only pats him on the back lightly as if he was hugging an old friend. Christ, even Lestrade hugged Sherlock more intensely when he had returned from the dead. Sherlock keeps his eyes closed for another second, trying to enjoy the moment, but it feels different, almost wrong. He loosens his grip on John’s back and takes a step backwards.
“It’s just, the woman at the park seemed to think that…and I don’t want people to get the wrong impression when Rosie calls me Papa.”
“John? You do know who I am, don’t you?” Even Sherlock can hear the panic in his voice. This can’t be true; it must all be a misunderstanding. John is only confused after waking up from a vegetative state.
“I didn’t buy anything for her. Besides, I’ll only be on the date for a couple of hours. You’ll survive without me.”
Today has been a particularly rough day, for no apparent reason. It’s always Russian roulette for John in the mornings, whether he’ll wake up from a dreamless night or with a wet face and the haunted memory of Sherlock’s lips on his. Most of the time, he manages to push aside the flood of emotions until he finishes work, but sometimes he doesn’t even manage to get out of bed. It’s on these days that the frustration he feels turns into anger towards the person who’s responsible, beside himself, for his misery.
I stare at the phone for a second. Sometimes I still can’t believe that he’s really back. That he’s alive and texting me from our - his flat at Baker Street. I can’t keep myself from grinning. He basically just offered me the perfect opportunity to ask him.
Sherlock took a deep breath and continued. “There are so many words I wish to say to you now, but what I truly long to say first is this: Will you marry me?”
After work, I leave for the tube. Usually I take the 4 that takes me straight to my flat or I exit one station earlier and go grocery shopping. Today, however, I planned on doing something else, I remind myself. I want to visit Mrs. Hudson. Reluctantly, I go into the opposite direction at the station and exit the tube at Baker Street.
There’s a shifting when one of them leaves their chair. “Well, I’ll be delicate then. Let’s have dinner.”
“Sherlock? Oh god, this is ridiculous. Okay. I know you can’t hear me, but I need to talk to you and I can’t simply wait for you to appear in my dream. You’re probably wondering why I’m here today. Well, today is the day you changed my life three bloody years ago. And now you’re gone.” I pause for a while and take a deep breath. “Do you remember when you told me you only had one friend? I didn’t realise it back then, but I only had one friend, too. And that friend is dead now. But I could really use your advice.”
“Once you’ve ruled out the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be true.” He looks down at his shaking hand. “Look at me, John, I’m afraid.”
“I don’t know, Sherlock,” John sighed. He took a gulp of wine and started fizzling with the bottle’s etiquette. “Look, I think if we don’t let her have her wish she’ll be sad, and if we do grant her the wish she’ll be sad once we tell her the truth… it’s awful either way. What do you think?”
When John enters Sherlock’s flat with the key Sherlock gave him months ago, he hears two voices mumbling upstairs. One of them is the sweet, honey-thick voice of Irene Adler, who magically returned from the dead a week ago; the other is a deep sonorant male voice John would recognise everywhere. He closes the door as quietly as possible and looks for Mrs. Hudson, but she’s apparently still at her sister’s house.
“I’m glad you had time for me today, Mr. Holmes. The truth is, I’m devastated and you’re my only hope. The police are absolutely rubbish.”
“You can’t just use people for such things without their consent, Sherlock. It’s dangerous!” John yells.
“I’m right here, just take two steps to the front and one step to the left and you should feel the bed.”
I sit up in my bed. My heart is pounding hard in my chest and I have struggle to breathe. Sweat has soaked my pyjamas and my throat feels extremely dry. I take the glass of water standing on my night stand and drink it in one go. The only thing worse than a nightmare is waking up and realising that reality is even worse. I look at my watch. It’s 3:50. Usually I wake up the first time at around 2 o’clock and then a second time at around 5. Maybe this night I can get away with only one nightmare. I swallow another sleeping pill before lying back down onto the cold pillow. I close my eyes and drift off almost immediately.
“You know, I actually got rid of this habit when you were…” I don’t quite know how to finish the sentence.
Hearing their quiet voices makes John furious. Can’t Irene just go stay at a hotel, or something? Why does she have to bother Sherlock with her presence? All John wanted was a peaceful afternoon with his friend, but now he’ll have to listen to her riddles and admiration for Sherlock.
I woke up this morning gasping for air, panting. I don’t wake up every day, sometimes just lying in bed the whole night and waiting for the next day to arrive. I’m not particularly bothered by that, because I know what awaits me when I do fall asleep. Like last night. I dreamed about Afghanistan again, and woke up terrified and drenched in sweat. It’s not how it really used to be over there, in my dreams. Back then, I think I felt more alive in the face of death than ever. It’s hard to explain if you haven’t experienced it. The dreams are different, however. In the dream, I only ever feel pain. Afterwards, I just sat on the bed in this stupid room that is now mine. Will it ever feel like home? I don’t think so. I tried to write something on the blog that my therapist had advised me to make. What a bad idea that was. I just sat there and stared at the screen, probably looking like a bloody lunatic. It’s not like I’ve got anything else to do, so I try to follow her advice, but it’s not helping at all. Why do people even think there’s something that could help me? I don’t need help. I just need…something.
John looked up at Sherlock to find his blue-green eyes on John. Was he also remembering the last time they had danced together? It seemed like a lifetime ago.
John closes his eyes, unable to fully comprehend what just happened. His ears are ringing and his fingers feel numb. Suddenly his knees turn weak and for a moment he’s sure he’s going to faint, so he takes a couple of deep breaths. This can’t be true. His person cannot be the man next to him; a self-proclaimed consulting detective living in London with him this entire time; an arrogant, probably-mad, clever and fascinating man who’s certainly
“That’s brilliant.” John’s face has turned into a mixture of astonishment and amazement, the same expression Sherlock has seen on their very first case together and continued to see through all the years they have been working together. It finally feels like old times.
bother him. He’s just not sure why. He has Mary, for god’s sake, and Sherlock has never shown any sign of bothering or complaint about her.
After our order Angelo comes back to light up a candle for the table. This time I don’t protest. While I’m still trying to figure out the reason Sherlock brought me here, our food arrives and I realise how hungry I’ve been. I decide to let my thoughts rest for a moment and focus on the dinner instead. Sherlock and I chat about Mrs. Hudson’s latest acquaintance and about my work at the clinic. He explains details of the case Greg offered us today and I tell him that he finally left his wife after Sherlock’s revelation at Christmas. The time passes quickly and we’re really enjoying ourselves. It hasn’t occurred often lately that Sherlock seemed as light-hearted as today and I can’t help but feel warmth spread in my chest. Maybe he isn’t so focused on Irene after all. At one point, I have to giggle at one of Sherlock’s remarks and the thought suddenly hits me that there’s no place I’d rather be right now.
Their conversation is interrupted by Angelo, offering them anything on the menu for free. “On the house, for you and your date,” he adds.
“The boy is in no danger anymore, believe me. I also need to collect one last piece of evidence. Tomorrow. It’s too late now.”
“This is amazing, John. We need to see Dr. Molder and ask about the consequences for your recovery immediately.”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, I can’t do this...” John turns towards the door, trying to ignore the feeling in his gut that wants him to stay. He opens the door with a shaking hand, and leaves.
“We should wait for him, then, Darling,” Sherlock said, wondering. It was quite unusual for John to visit Mrs Hudson at such late hour. He was probably just avoiding Sherlock.
His face is now even closer, so close that John can see the tiny brown spot in Sherlock’s right eye. He doesn’t know what to say or do; all he can focus on is Sherlock’s face, and the feeling of his hot breath against his own.
“Hmm? It’s August the 20th,” he replies. The date has been on John’s mind for weeks, because whenever he turned on the news lately…
When they first enter the forest, the darkness increases, and John is sure to hear a couple of foxes scream in the distance. After a while of walking in silence, he hears a rustling sound to his right, causing him to stop in his movement. Sherlock and Henry, apparently unaware of his abrupt standstill, continue walking down the trail.
Why didn’t I reply to her? Knowing that Sherlock had eavesdropped our conversation was a bit embarrassing at the beginning, but he never mentioned it again. He’d seemed quite sad afterwards, but maybe that was just because she had told me that she was gay. I’m still trying to figure out what she meant with the provocative remark “Look at us both” after I told her I wasn’t gay and before we got interrupted by the stupid text alert noise. I tried to approach the subject to Sherlock later that evening, after the awful incident with Mrs. Hudson, but he didn’t answer. He just said “Happy New Year, John” and started playing the violin. Maybe it’s for the best. Who knows what Sherlock would have said about his feelings for Irene, and what I would have said in response.
Once Sherlock starts opening the dressing gown, John realises too late that he doesn’t intend on waiting for him to get out of the room first. For a reason John definitely doesn’t want to investigate further, he feels heat rising to his ears and face. He quickly returns his attention to the closet, as if the clothing items inside were the most interesting things he’s ever seen.
Sherlock blushes, which only encourages him to continue. “I don’t know what this whole soulmate thing is really about, and frankly I don’t care. Whatever our souls are made of, I knew from the moment we met that yours and mine are the same. That’s all that matters.”
And just like that, the moment Sherlock desperately longed for, feared with all his heart and was sure would never occur, has arrived. He stays in the courtyard with his phone in hand, and for a moment he sees himself in a different courtyard with John; a moment he has replayed a million times in his mind already, but instead of the usual pain he feels something a lot more dangerous blossoming inside of him.
“I actually thought he would self-declare his position as best man the minute we got engaged. He’s probably just being polite and waiting for you to ask.”
“It’s a day invented by sellers in order to give consumers another reason to spend their money on tedious things they are likely to throw out afterwards.”
“Miss Adler, I presume.” Sherlock changes back into his normal voice. There’s no need for the disguise anymore.
“Yes, we should, actually. That would be lovely,” I say, and we settle on Thursday after work. Good. I can do this. It actually feels nice to have something to look forward to.
Sherlock’s green eyes find his again. “I thought the drug was in the sugar, so I put the sugar in your coffee. I wasn’t to know that you’d already been exposed to the gas previously, so I arranged everything with Major Barrymore.”
The gentle stab in my heart returns at his words. Of course he wouldn’t want anyone to think we were a couple, let alone become one. I clear my throat.
“... You’re looking for a man probably with a history of military service and nerves of steel –“ he trails off when something, or rather someone, catches his attention. He can feel his presence a fraction before he sees him. Dr. John Watson is standing behind the police tape, looking innocently at him, just like he did four days ago. Sherlock’s mood brightens instantly, and he briefly wonders whether John feels the same. For a moment their eyes meet, then John looks away.
I wanted to make this chapter extra fluffy because we all know what John's about to go through in the next two years...
Without giving John the chance to reply, he storms off towards the door, opening it with a swift motion using the key in his left coat pocket.
“Now, you should get some sleep, love,” John said while brushing a curl of hair from Rosie’s forehead. He was hoping to change the topic as quickly as possible.
“Yes, I have, haven’t I?” John pauses, the words apparently sinking in. “I... I did it to save you. And he wasn’t a very nice man.”
“I called Mycroft yesterday and he told me about it. Otherwise I would never have returned, I swear,” he continues, staring at John with an unreadable expression.
Currently, Sherlock listens to John’s heavy breathing right next to him, jogging around the forest looking for clues.
Packing up the most important things takes longer than Sherlock expected. He spends a full six minutes with the monocular telescope in hand, the only Christmas present from John he’ll ever have. Sentiment gains the upper hand and the telescope lands in his suitcase, right next to the RAMCC mug John deposited at Baker Street last June. He stretches out packing because he knows that the hardest part is yet to come – the letter. He decided to leave John a letter to let him know that he left voluntarily and in safety.
When John returned from work late that day, he was tired and a bit grumpy. He had had a number of annoying patients who had tried to explain John’s job to him with the help of Doctor Google. Oh how John loathed that doctor.
Frantically, he runs his hands through his hair and starts pacing the flat back and forth. Has the only constancy in his life, the one thing he was sure would never happen to him, finally come to pass? Did he really do something as ludicrous and predictable and ordinary as fall in love with his person, his
“Sherlock! Do not touch the floor with your hands right now,” John warned. The Mrs. Hudson in his mind was practically fainting at the sight.
The only thing I can do now is desperately hope that he believed me. My gaze wanders down to Speedy’s and I think back to all the uncountable times Sherlock and I picked up lunch there, when we were too lazy to even go out around the corner to a restaurant or to order takeaway. Tears are filling in my eyes and I have to blink rapidly. Mrs. Hudson isn’t expecting me. She could be gone to do the grocery shopping, for all I know. She probably doesn’t even want to see me. I turn around as I feel panic rising up inside me, and leave. I don’t look back.
“Rosie, everything’s fine,” I hear him murmur into her neck. He sits down on the bench with Rosie still in his arms and I take a seat next to them.
Sherlock enters the kitchen yawning. He’s still wearing his camel dressing gown. I hand him the mug and we sit down in our chairs.
“You don’t actually think I’d walk around wearing a plastic ring for four weeks, do you? Besides, we still had the pay-check from Mr. Myles lying around.”
Checking out of the Inn, John doesn’t miss the owner’s quick glances of concern. He probably thinks they’re having a domestic – if only it were that simple. John awaits the cab outside – Sherlock has taken the car –, standing right where he stood with Sherlock last night. He’ll have to hold a couple of very uncomfortable conversations once he arrives in London. John mentally tries to brace himself for these conversations, for the heart-break he’ll inevitably cause, the rupture of his whole life, the uncertainty of his future. The only comforting thought is the blissful memory of a kiss forever imprinted on John’s mind.
Sherlock opens his mouth, then closes it again. Out of all the things he would’ve expected her to say, this definitely wasn’t one of them.
“Oh, thank god! Are you waking up?” The feeling currently flowing through Sherlock’s veins is indescribable - relief, joy, bliss, love, fear and happiness all at once. John, his John, is finally waking up! Sherlock removes his hand from John’s and carefully strokes over his cheek and his forehead that is damp from sweat. John seems to open his eyes slowly and Sherlock wants to cry at the sight.
Now, three days, eleven hours and seven minutes later, he’s still sitting in the chair next to the hospital bed, holding John’s hand, and waiting for John to finally come back to him. His face is covered with little cuts where the glass touched him. The doctors check in on John every now and then, trying to persuade Sherlock to go home and leave Dr. Watson in good hands, but Sherlock doesn’t really hear them. All sounds have turned into background noises, the beeping of the monitors around John the only sound keeping Sherlock from going insane. He hasn’t left this chair in three days, and he doesn’t intend to until John wakes up. He won’t leave this place without him. Mrs. Hudson, Greg, Molly, and even Mycroft have visited, along with some other relatives of John’s and Sherlock’s, like his sister-in-law Harry or Mummy and Daddy. Most of them cried at John’s side but seemed more than worried about Sherlock as well. They tried to convince him to leave to at least take a shower or eat something, anything, but they didn’t understand. How could anyone understand? The person in the bed next to him isn’t only Sherlock’s husband; he’s Sherlock’s best friend, his blogger, his conductor of light, and the love of his life. And the fact that he’s lying here is all Sherlock’s fault.
“Sherlock, that’s not what I was doing. It’s... complicated. My life has been a bloody mess these last couple of months and I don’t know what... I don’t know what I’m doing, okay? Can you understand that?” John presses his palms against his eyelids while talking, and Sherlock has to look away.
“You can do anything from showing him pictures to bringing him to his usual environment and to places you frequented that should have a special meaning to him. But you shouldn’t push him. If you force him into doing something or if you give him the impression that the amnesia is his fault, it’ll only make it worse for the both of you.”
Without leaving his eyes from John, he gets up to his full height again and takes a step forward. He swallows hard, and tries to convey with his eyes what any word of the English language would fail to do.
John yells after him, but the door is already slammed shut, leaving John alone in the dark; his mind swirling.
He detangles himself from the blanket and gets up in a rush, regretting it immediately. He throws over his whine coloured dressing gown and hurries into the kitchen. Luckily, John deposited the most necessary house-hold medicine in one of the cupboards a couple of months ago. Sherlock gulps down a pain killer with a whole glass of water, refills it and quietly enters the living room.
Waves of guilt are stirring up inside him, but then his wife answers the phone and it’s too late to draw back. John stammers incohesive words of proposition that Mary understands surprisingly well. She even tells him to have fun with the corpses.
It’s already quite late when Sherlock and I take a seat at the kitchen table. Mary is fast asleep and I feel the need to yawn a couple of times, too. I don’t really know why Sherlock took my offer to stay for a cup of tea, since he’s not usually the sociable type. For a second I even wonder whether he remembers today’s date, but I’m not sure. We drink the tea and talk about the video that stopped Sherlock’s suicide mission. Even though Sherlock is certain that Moriarty is dead, I’m not so sure. The bastard was always equal to him, in some ways. If Sherlock Holmes is able to fake his own death, so is Jim Moriarty. Of course I’m more than glad for the video, as it turned out that Sherlock had meant to say goodbye to me on that tarmac for real this time. I didn’t know it back then, otherwise I would’ve pulled him out of that plane immediately, or jumped in with him.
“That’s good, that means we can choose whichever one you like best and get the according bedding. The crib mattress should fit snugly into the crib with no more than two fingers between the edges. It should be firm, and you definitely need a mattress pad or a waterproof cover.”
He continues his cursing, but John has already turned around to the giant tank. His heart skips a beat.
Sherlock wakes up with a pounding head the next morning. He slowly opens his eyes against the blinding light spreading across his bedroom. It takes him a second to remember the slip of emotion he showed on the roof top yesterday.
John isn’t convinced, but he can’t think of anything better at the moment. Sherlock’s closet reveals a number of colour-coordinated shirts, and John picks out the purple one Sherlock once wore. He throws it over to the bed, but Sherlock gives him a questioning look.
“So, does this mean when you said you once had feelings for someone… and when you said you miscalculated someone’s feelings for you… was that – did you mean me?”
“The phone only allows for two incorrect pin entries. With the third entry, the phone will be disabled permanently. I can’t type in every possible combination of these numbers to find out the correct one. Why didn’t I think of this before? Stupid, stupid.” After a minute of consideration, he continues: “I will have to go to Bart’s and work with their equipment. But not today.”
“Yes! Yes, Sherlock, I remember that. I mean it’s just bits and pieces, but it’s definitely a memory.”
John opens his mouth; he completely forgot about mentioning his help to Sherlock before. He settles on telling her the truth.
“You’re supposed to spend Valentine’s Day with the person you love,” John replies. He’s not sure why he points it out.
Sherlock lets out a deep breath that comes out as a sob. This is horrible. The chances for John’s recovery are high, but that was probably the exact same thought of the relatives of those 11% too.
The rest of the day is interrupted twice, once by Mrs. Hudson bringing up leftover lasagne for lunch and once by Greg offering Sherlock the case again. He comes over in the late afternoon, after having spent the whole day trying to solve it himself.
So, guess who's finally back! I couldn't resist the temptation to include the "big question" scene, as it does actually fit within the timeline of the show.
Something is blinding his vision, but Sherlock doesn’t care whether it’s the anger towards himself or the regret of last night causing the tears to fall. It’s still dark outside once he leaves for the train station, and the lack of sleep is proving to be rather dangerous when driving. He doesn’t care about that, either. All he cares about is getting home fast enough to pack up his things and leave before anyone notices. He should probably inform Mycroft; and he should say goodbye to Mrs. Hudson. His heart aches at the thought of leaving London and everything he cares about behind; but staying isn’t an option anymore.
Before Sherlock has the chance to reply, his husband leans forward and kisses him. And it’s in that moment, the two of them kissing in the living room of 221B, with the bliss of the present and the promise of the future, that Sherlock thinks that even though they’ve been to hell and back, there’s nothing in the world that could ever stop him from loving John Watson.
“My landlady Mrs. Hudson would love to meet you. She’s been annoying me with questions and I would very much like her to stop. That is, if you don’t mind.”
“I told you in January that you didn’t need to save me anymore. Why did you even do that? You could’ve... died jumping into the tank,” Sherlock’s voice is softer now, filled with concern for John’s life – after almost drowning himself.
Without waiting for a reply, he walks over to the living room table and opens the laptop. John follows him, trying to keep his composure. Greg presses play on a surveillance tape that shows a passenger entering a tube at Westminster. The next footage is the train arriving at St. James’s Park, completely empty. John is standing next to Sherlock, their eyes locked on the screen. Greg pauses the video on the passenger’s face.
“I can’t live in the past forever. I hope you’re happy for me, and that you’re happy wherever you are right now.”
Sherlock extracts the flashlight Lestrade gave him earlier from his coat pocket, aiming the light towards the darkened tunnel. With a quick motion, he jumps down onto the tracks, only stopping because of John’s concerned voice.
There’s a pause during which John waits for the meaning of her words to sink in. He waits for a burning feeling of jealousy that never comes. All he feels is anger.
“Nothing, eh, I was just looking for… you had a thing in your hair and I…” God, he sounds less convincing than the last murderer he had caught in the act.
John nods, then gets up quickly with a glance at his watch. They usually leave for the clinic together, but on Fridays Mary’s got her day off.
“We’ve had him in for questioning but he’s got an alibi. During the week, he’s always in Scotland and there he was when Jack Downing died. The man had no enemies. Honestly we all think it’s an accident; the mate couldn’t swim, it was dark, he was drunk and probably fell into the pond. I only asked you to confirm it so that we can convince the wife,” Lestrade continues.
They started drinking and – for lack of better things to think of – played Cluedo. John won three times in a row which leaved Sherlock sulking. When he finally admitted that the victim had not actually committed suicide, they were both quite tipsy already.
“And then you said ‘Marry me, Sherlock.’” He traces John’s band with a finger. “Does that sound familiar?”
“It’s Mary, please. You see, we both know that as his person, you’re meant to... spend time together. I know that being apart can cause distress and even sickness, and I don’t want to risk that happening to my husband. Therefore I think it’d be best if you two would see each other again. Maybe you’ll become friends – I’ve once heard of a similar case in Boston.”
And then she leaves. John stays, because he went to some extraordinary length to get this reservation, and he wants to try this bloody steak that everyone’s been recommending to him. Only, he doesn’t want to sit by himself in a restaurant on Valentine’s Day. He retrieves his phone from his pocket and texts the one person who’s responsible for his sudden solitude.
“Daddy?“ Rosie asked, tucking the grey blanket underneath her chin and looking up at John expectantly. “Why aren’t you and Papa married?”
“Yes, Sherlock. God, I love you. I love you so much. And I want to spend the rest of my life with you.” He lifted his hand to gently touch Sherlock’s face. “That is, if you’re interested.”
“O- okay. Well, obviously I got married last week, and my wife disappeared after the reception. Her name is Hatty Geller, er, Hatty Simon. We had the most amazing wedding, in this nice little church with our closest family and friends. She never would’ve run off voluntarily, we love each other! She was a bit grumpy after the ceremony but I blame that on her mother’s behaviour. We arrived at the reception and were waiting for the food when Hatty told me she needed to use the bathroom… and that’s it. That’s the last time I saw her. Please, Mr. Holmes, you have to believe me, she would never do this to me! I think somebody might have kidnapped her, or worse. I don’t know what to do, she…” He stops and bursts into tears.
“I’d humbly disagree, but I think we don’t have much time for chatting now. I’d like to introduce you to something, anyway.” He violently pulls Sherlock up to his feet, which sends a jolting pain through his leg.
“This one is really nice, although I do recommend one where the slats are a bit less apart. It shouldn’t be more than two and three-eighth inches. Do you already have a mattress or sheets?”
Mary is off on a shopping spree with her girlfriends today, so John decided to spend the afternoon with Sherlock. After the evening in March where Sherlock accidentally bumped into him at the clinic, John has been helping Sherlock on most of his cases, even starting a blog about all the cases they solved together. Even though they both thought that the case of Irene Adler was solved two months ago, she appeared in Sherlock’s bed last Wednesday, wearing one of his dressing gowns. The sight bothered John more than he’d ever admit out loud.
A nurse comes in to check on John and tells Sherlock that his state is unchanged. What an utterly stupid deduction. Sherlock has already examined every inch of John’s body and would’ve noticed any change right away. He currently observes the rise and fall of John’s chest, as it turned out to be a soothing movement.
“John. Joooohn. JOHN!” I open my eyes slowly and turn to look at the watch. 7:55. Either Sherlock needs me to put out a fire or to fetch him the phone from his pocket. “JOHN!” I turn around, crawling further under my bed sheet. It feels warm and cosy and I don’t ever want to leave. “Joohn!” I weigh up the probabilities and decide to get up after all. It’s not like I have much of a choice anyway.
“Do you mind if I look around for a bit?” He grins one of his fake smiles and starts pacing the flat once our client gives a short nod. Mr. Simon and I stay seated on the couch, his eyes still teary. After a couple of minutes, Sherlock seems to have found what he was looking for, and he returns to the living room with gleaming eyes.
“Did we exchange vows when we got married?” John asks. It’s the first time he’s asked a question about their wedding.
Sherlock, however, doesn’t seem to share John’s enthusiasm of their reunion – and walks straight past him.
“I hope you do. The poor lad…” John begins, but Sherlock is only half listening. Of course John wants him to solve the case as quickly as possible.
The moment their hands touch, everything happens at once. John feels a tingling in his wrist slowly spreading through his whole body. Once it reaches his heart, John is certain that it will jump out of his chest. His heart is suddenly filled with an ocean of emotions he doesn’t yet realise aren’t only his. His phone drops to the floor. For a moment he’s sure to hear Sherlock’s heartbeat as clearly as his own, beating in the exact same rhythm. He turns towards Sherlock and looks up at him; into his light, green eyes, and he doesn’t see anything else. There’s a bond growing between them, stronger and more intimate than anything John has ever felt.
“Well…” Greg said some insults later, leaning back with a lengthy sort of yawn, “I don’t know about you two, but I’m off to Bedfordshire” He swivelled his legs out from under the table, kicking both John and Sherlock in the process, and stood up with a grunt lower than his years, “You coming John? And an earlier night might actually do you some good?” This was to Sherlock, who merely smirked at the notion of an early night.
“Now wouldn't that be interesting data? What quantity of milk makes the pastry most adhesive?” Sherlock flicked it higher, “John - new experiment! Make more pastry, we’ll determine-”
“No go on Watson, I do love hearing your opinion of me. It effects my life so much, honestly” He sneered. Andrew turned around too with an ugly laugh. “How’s the sister?” Seb winked, nodding in Harry’s direction “She’d be quite attractive if she wasn’t a mudblood dyke-” John and Greg both lunged forward, probably to throttle him painfully, sadly as Magnussen swept through the door.
