Steve: I’m glad that version of you got a happy ending. I just wish you got the happy ending you deserve.
HSBF: Before I interrupted you.
Steve: I couldn’t force him to sleep on the couch. I was sleeping in his bed; it was only polite to share.
Me: He did care enough about you to send you to boarding school to keep you safe from all the people trying to kill you. My dad actually left before I was old enough to discover that he was an abusive asshole and an alcoholic.
Nomad: That really doesn't matter.
"I assume you guys have talked about this?" Sam asked.
“Piper has pancakes waiting for when you’re ready to come to breakfast. With blueberries and chocolate,” Karen offered.
Anthony: I don’t think Ross is because he is currently busy at a Congressional hearing about misuse of government funds to build the Raft.
“You’re not leaving until next Friday. We have time.” Steve leaned over to kiss Tony again. Although just his cheek, this time. Any other body part would be too tempting.
CoulsonPJ: Me too. I just hope she comes back soon.
Anthony: 1) Its nude art. They need to get used to it. I have a digital screen over the prints so PG-13 art is reflected when anybody else steps in to my bedroom, which mostly consists of the cleaning crew, Yo-Yo, Happy, Lily Bear and Mama Bear. Again, Happy is mad at me, so he won’t be coming up to the room anytime soon.
Red phone: Think of it as another part of the September Foundation. If I had a Mr. Steve in elementary school, I probably wouldn’t have been tossed in the lockers so much, which probably would have solved a lot of my current issues.
Tony: I don't know, although it seems like my other self is more hands-on.
HSBF: She is adjusting. She is seeing my doctor too and I think it's helping. She is always talking about her brother dying now which is more than she did before.
“I feel that way every time Kamala comes home for the weekend. Morgan will be a teenager before you know it.”
Counselor Laura: OK, now I have to ask you if you had any edibles or picked up any drinks of the alcoholic variety. I know my Tony won’t even do NyQuil. Actually, he’s even skeptical of any pain medication higher than Tylenol. He won’t even think about taking the version with codeine.
Chief mechanic: You’ve met my co-parent. This should not surprise you.
Me: I think he really bought this for SHIELD purposes especially in light of the bunker that I discovered underneath the property two years ago.
Football Hunter: [Image 1 attached]
Nomad: Yes, but I'm starting to question my sanity.
"Hey, where did ninja ex-girlfriend go?" Tony asked, also realizing her absence.
“Look, the sooner we deal with the superior, the sooner we can get back to our real lives and your boyfriend.”
Pepper pot: Morgan was furious about that.
Me: We could call each other now.
“What if you could?” Shuri asked.
Agent America: Have you changed safe houses since he left?
“To get the stones back?”
May: She was a friend of my ex-husband. He actually mentored her while at SHIELD before he left. She stayed on until the agency collapse. I tried to get Mace to bring her on when the agency went public again, but he refused. This was for the best since it collapsed so quickly. She was at Sword until Director Rambo died. She couldn’t take the man who took over for her. I can’t either, considering what his agency did to Vision and the Wakandan government in the process.
Me: Well, unfortunately several members of the paparazzi saw Happy taking care of the ring so they’re kind of running with it. Apparently Pepper and I now broke up because I proposed to her and she turned me down and I was so heartbroken that I’m just now getting rid of the ring.
“Of course, they’re better. The churro ladies are the best.”
Now it’s Tony’s turn to bare his soul in email form. The timestamp is from his perspective.
Me: Not at all. So we keep going on. Okay for this next question, let’s think back to when we first met during the battle of New York and tell each other the first thing we admired about the other person.
Girl Friday: I had no idea it was that late. Since the latest Wanda tuneup, I’m starting to become a bit more human in that regard. I’m sorry I texted you.
HSBF: Jesus.
Me: It’s not OK, but it’s OK because I’m moving forward. I have other things to worry about.
Nomad: Yesterday.
Hunter: Is that why you’re upset?
Anthony: Your ex is also going to be there.
MayMQ: Did you talk to the package?
“Okay hold up one minute. I’m all for rescuing the others but I know what the evil robot did to you after she read the magical book of everything evil. You want to risk that again?”
December 16, 2016 a.k.a. the 25
HSBF: I’m afraid to.
Nomad: Are you guys getting along better now? How did the all-Spanish training exercise go a couple of days ago? I would have texted you sooner, but I’ve been busy.
Me: Wow, they're actually reporting the real news instead of focusing on celebrity break ups. I'm impressed.
Nomad: Only if he accepts the fact that I'm not heterosexual. You said that's pretty unlikely.
The fact that you were just one of many tools that Hydra tried to utilize to take out my father over the years makes it easier to accept the outcome. This was going to happen eventually. If not you, it would’ve been someone else. As long as Hydra stayed in the shadows, this was going to happen. You were just the weapon that was successful.
Counselor Laura: Yes. Daniel suspected that SHIELD was infiltrated by Hydra. Unfortunately, instead of going to his ex-girlfriend, he went to his direct supervisor Wilford Malick. That led to near assassinations at hotels.
Okay, not that happy of a multi-verse family because, contrary to what Nana says, Bobo is a dick. He didn't finish his conversation with Ana because instead of asking what he was working on. Bobo ripped the phone out of his hands and started berating him. Deke responded by punching him.
Me: Friday is good, She’s already found and deactivated six bugs in the last 48 hours. But after what happened last year, I’m not putting my faith in tech, not even my own.
To: Pepper_pot
Xxxxx
TMNS: I was planning to do something this summer when we’re in Europe, although that may not happen now. There may not even be a trip anymore because of things I am probably not allowed to even put in a rapid Avenger message. I wish Tylenol still worked on me. I have such a bad headache right now.
Me: I think she might be right.
Tony: If you were around, it would be easier. Also if I take the deal, while things are being negotiated, you and the team could move into the Malta house. I could come visit every couple of weeks when you’re not on missions, without the subterfuge. We could call each other.
To be continued
“Because my knowledge from the other timeline prevented May from dying, albeit temporarily,” Leo told her.
Tony: Although, I wish there was a little more self-preservation on your part. Have you gotten yourself shot recently? Or has your upgraded shield prevented that?
"Of course, I was mortified. Other Aunt May was dating Happy at the time of her dusting instead of Olivia, and I thought Olivia was strange. You know the guy that hates me. Also, don't even think about texting her back.” That would just be even more mortifying for reasons he’s not ready to examine just yet.
Jemma: Ana’s orders are to keep Thanos from happening by whatever means necessary. She sent me Deke’s text messages.
Purple arrow: I’m sure Jeffrey will have cameras there to capture the reunion. Anything for it not to look like we’re in the middle of a crisis.
“I figured you would want to, although for safety reasons you will be using a nano paper notebook and there will be a dead drop or several involved. Friday will explain. She’s best friends forever with the Royal genius.”
Me: Friday is going to send you some ICERs and a few Dendrotoxin bombs. As well as ‘normal’ tranquilizers and mood stabilizers that Steve’s therapist asked us to develop. Trying to develop antidepressants for super soldier metabolism was not easy. They came up with a patch. I think you need them if he gave you two black eyes.
CoulsonPJ: Federal custody. Laura felt it best to take the kid and run. We were able to extract him before Happy arrived with the regular authorities. I stayed behind with Fitz to deal with the authorities.
Purple arrow 2018: She got the kids. I was reading through the alternate history of 2023 elsewhere.
To be continued
HSBF: However, there are some things you don't want to know about your friend’s sex life even though you know the messages are fake.
"I get that.” At least he’s starting to see how much Tony has grown as a person before they even met.
Cuddle fiancé: I don’t think the Secret Service will allow that anyway.
Ana Jr.: She thinks of herself as the daughter of Steve Rogers and Tony Stark.
Nomad: Maybe someday. I’m doing some sketches of my old neighborhood. She thinks it might help me reconcile things. I don’t know. It just makes me sad.
CoulsonPJ: No one is. Sometimes you actually like Stark. You love your new tactical suit.
Person my boss is in love with: Can you make sure that Tony doesn’t see the rest of this conversation?
Avengers Friday: The number you are trying to contact is no longer a member of the Avengers communication group. I can contact Mr. Stark directly if necessary if this is an emergency. Otherwise, I am not authorized to do so.
Cuddle Bunny: So you’re not interested in sleeping with the bulletproof pacifist?
"This is going to be a PR disaster, especially if anybody finds out that it could've been completely prevented if Happy had followed the agreed-upon protocol. I don’t know if I should let Pepper handle that on her own because it’s an Avenger thing not a SI thing." He felt guilty enough due to all the pictures of him and Steve making out all over the place. He didn’t want her to see those, but somebody had a telephoto lens so here they are.
Everything was true, just certain things were omitted and names were changed. No, he doesn’t know. It’s not the right time to tell him. His favorite agent, that he sees as a daughter, is missing. His last girlfriend was sniped by a member of Hydra less than nine months ago, a teammate who stabbed us in the back. This is not the time to tell him.
“You also have a moral compass.”
“What is  the next question?” Steve’s blush was telling Tony that he was obviously seriously considering that proposition and did not want to discuss his answer at the moment. That was promising.
Me: I would’ve told you about your parents. At least that I knew Hydra was involved. I didn’t know it was Bucky for sure until the video. Also, I would’ve punched the screen out before you saw it.
Me: People that smart at that age can benefit from spending more time around normal people. Benjamin is not normal, but normal-ish. I still regret skipping so many grades.
Me: Baby, you can say ass. You have a pretty one. I really want to run my tongue down your
Steve: And I’m still going to pack a bag just in case we decide not to go to Brooklyn.
OK, I think that puts us at question 30 so let’s hit the back six later unless my best friend successfully gets us out of this. I don’t think I’m that lucky. I’m going to try, though.
Hey Dad,
Me: So, obviously, I should’ve started asking you questions about your possible new assistant? Move us on to safer ground?
Avenger Friday: Robin’s biological mother was killed shortly before the decimation. Despite the vast number of children orphaned during the decimation, what was left of the infrastructure did not want to give a single woman with ties to a disgraced spy agency custody of two young children.
"Melinda May?" Natasha asked.
Me: Yes, but only for like a minute. I love when we land at Reagan. We’re probably going to be at the house in 10 minutes.
Tony: Which is what I told Laura, and then she pointed out that magically healing my sperm count doesn’t exactly go along with the purple asshole’s MO.
Tony: You know, I’m starting to think that you began with the Ross questions so you wouldn’t have to come up with three things we have in common. Are you that afraid of emotional intimacy?
“I may have been blackmailed into it,” Steve said sheepishly.
Person my boss is in love with: The fact that there was a Shield investigation means that it was not an accident. Actually, the fact that there was a mention of it in the Hydra files points to that alone.
Me: I wouldn’t want to be ridiculously wealthy but having enough money to always have food on the table and not worrying about rent would have been nice back then. You have no idea how much I love central heating.
Stephen C: Is he sleeping next to you?
Me: And too many people in America were just twiddling their thumbs and wanting to stay out of it. America first, they were all chanting. You know about the St. Louis right?
Anthony: Again, I’m not mad at you. I am furious at a lot of people who are no longer with us because they lied to me.
Me: Using my connections to get the president to put someone competent in charge of policing us. At least that’s where I’m planning to start anyway.
Tony: Because he still acts like a child half the time or at least that’s what was said in my last unauthorized movie biography.
Red phone: We said that we would keep talking to each other last time and I know I disappeared for a couple of days, but I thought we could try another chat session tonight.
“We were happy. Now everything’s going to change. What if May takes Robin with her? Polly left Robin to her. I'm going to end up alone, and I don't want to be alone again.”
“Yes,” Steve said, wrapping an arm around him.
Venom: Maybe. Benji has been reading the books that you have been giving him, and he considers himself demisexual when it comes to guys, so maybe there's progress.
Interesting piece of trivia, in an early IM2 script Tony propositioned Rhodey for a three-way at his birthday party. The line was cut from the movie, but it survived in the novelization. I’m counting that little gem cannon.
Counselor Laura from 2023: Protect the kids. Thanos can't happen. He can't get those stones.
Agent L. Barton: I just want to say thank you for helping last night. I don’t think Simmons would’ve agreed to work on her drinking problem if you weren’t so supportive. Now that she’s acknowledged that she has a problem, she really needs everybody’s support.
HSBF: Which explains why you take the suit to board meetings sometimes. I told you I would do this with you and I keep my word. I also took a nap so I could deal with being up at 2 AM.
Anthony: Well, not us directly, but Yo-Yo and Melinda are. Which is how she got, As Yo-Yo Puts it,  “touched by a ghost” that nearly killed her. I still want a rational explanation for that.
“No promises. How is Coulson?” May asked Steve, but before he could answer a holographic image of Ana popped up. Yes, he created Ana a holographic body because maybe this way she won’t try to talk a certain genius into making her an actual body. He was already raising one synthetic teenager along with having temporary custody of Spidey Junior, while his family was in Puerto Rico dealing with the relief efforts and the new team. (Plus, co-parenting Peter with May.) That was enough at the moment.
Me: The Bulletproof Pacifist says that the transition is going well and Benji only misses Yo-Yo a little bit.
Steve: Why? He doesn’t want to help other than taking care of Robin.
Friday: I hate to interrupt this conversation, but you are receiving a call from Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider.
xxxxxxxx
Counselor Laura: No, he was poisoned. From what we’ve uncovered so far, that successful attempt was number seven. The first attempt was in 1955 when he and Peggy were on a break. A contact only known as GR told Peggy that the Russians would try to take Daniel out at a hotel. She flew across the country to save him, and that's when they got back together.
HSBF: Doing the right thing is never easy.
BITC: Not at all. Why can’t I have cool parents?
"That's been established well before we met. Personally, I'm astonished it hasn't happened yet. Romanoff even knows my food allergies. I'm surprise that the slipping sunflower seeds into my food hasn't happened earlier."
“You realize that Tony said those things to you because he was scared and worried about you? He didn’t want to lose you too after losing everyone else. It’s pretty obvious to me that none of you were thinking very clearly after what happened.” Laura tells him after watching the grainy security footage. Note to self ask Tony about the build a bear thing. She should probably text him again. It’s not like anyone else is going to talk to her. Clint was still avoiding her, and Natasha was with him.
Red phone: Because I was trying to keep us all out of prison cells or worse.
“I think you’re aware after the Helicarrier fuck up, that I never make the best first impression. Although, Siberia was extra awful even for me,” Tony remarked.
Nomad: I’m sorry about all of this. I wish I could talk to Nat.
Me: You’re BFFs with a king who probably has his own spies. See if his intelligent network supports the ATCU’s version of things. Then get back to me.
Me: I hope they do, but the top therapist for treating enhance people died a couple of weeks ago, so it may take a while. The ocean breeze is helping though.
“Apology accepted, but I still want pizza.”
Blue phone: I can’t promise that, Tony. We can’t go out in a big group right now because of Ross.
“Because he takes the safety of his kids very seriously. It’s also something that has happened after South Africa which was the last time he could speak to you in person. They had to be moved again after their last safe house was attacked by the watchdogs again.”
Me: I did not need to know that. Also, Leo’s request is time sensitive. We might have a situation and we need your AI to help.
Tony: Also, he was the one who showed me the tabloid reports about the implosion of Pepper’s latest relationship. He’s equally pissed about that.
Nomad: So everything’s okay?
Me: Not like you.
I am aware that I made some serious mistakes  previously. I assumed things I shouldn't have. I did things I regret and that I'm sorry for. The fact that I can only see him occasionally at things like where we are right now is punishment for that.
Cuddle Bunny: Was it that bad?
Monkey lover 2: I’ll see you soon.
“It’s obvious we need one.” Ain’t that the truth.
“I’m not into exhibitionism.”
Tony Potts: I also just told him that I figured out that I was not that heterosexual masturbating to his propaganda poster. Remarkably Steve didn’t freak out at all. Although he might still be blushing, and it’s been 45 minutes and a stop for drinks.
Red phone: Doesn’t everyone? The secret is convincing them that your agenda is their agenda.
Me: You can be several thousand miles away from that and be with me.
Steve: Yet, somehow, it did?
Stephen C: Or even a first one. I’m not wasting this chance and neither should you. You should tell Phil that you love him. You were in love with him when you were with Andrew.
Red phone: 25 hard-working government employees were killed in the name of trying to find more people like us, so they can get rid of us. I just wanted to keep stuff like this from happening.
“Of course your normal owner would be crying over girls,” Tony is not surprised.
Once again, we are in our own branch timeline that started to diverge in 1955 (Although we don’t go completely off the rails until 2016 and 2018, respectively).
Blue phone: Good.
“I didn’t need you to tell me that.”
Anthony: I have to get the babies to the townhouse for a pizza lunch that has already been reheated at least twice.
HSBF: They rejected your application?
To be continued…
Anthony: Oh shit. They followed me out to Queens. Great, Peter is in that shot.
Melinda: That was Friday’s suggestion too since they were talking to each other.
FRIDAY: I will not be able to find Jonathan from Freddie’s of Arlington without more information. However, the image I found of Melinda Gardner with her ex-husband at an academic conference nine years ago is a 99.2% visual match to the female SHIELD agent currently in your driveway.
Nomad: You’re the one going to therapy and taking the drugs. That has to count for something.
“To undo the snap or maybe the ability to travel back in time to get the stones," Tony answered without even thinking.
BITC: Well, time travel exists, apparently. So maybe the rainbow bridge sent her back in time?
Me: She actually went back to him? Seriously? Why?
Purple arrow 2018: They weren’t good reasons.
Agent Laura: OK, that can make things easier. What is Sword?
Blue phone: That seems like a good use for the room.
“James needs some time to adjust, now that he’s not under Hydra control anymore. I want to be there, but only when he’s ready for me. This has to go at his pace.” After thinking about it overnight and dealing with the May crisis Steve realize he has to do what’s best for Bucky’s recovery, not just what he wanted to do.
I assume that codename Nomad will be informed of the existence of Dr. Leopold. I am currently creating a legal background for the second Fitz under the name James F. Leopold and his husband Hunter Leopold. Good thing Dr. Leopold has been using that name as a pseudonym for years for publishing scientific journal articles. Hunter will probably be upset about making them a married couple, (very messy divorce previously that I heard all about because I did ask about the Russia thing) but I can create a more secure identity this way.
Person my boss is in love with: Actually, I think you should tell Tony first, if it is what I think it is. I don’t want to make the same mistake as last time. Just make sure that Rhodey and Laura are there.
"She really has, except with the videos. We’ll talk about that when I’m somewhere with my full version of Friday, not the travel assistant."
Blue phone: That was the impression I got that from her message. I assume that last message earlier was from her?
Red phone: I also still have meetings with DOE and ATCU tomorrow. I'm still surprised a congressional hearing is not on the docket.
Yes, you may use Friday for official Shield business. You’re pre-approved. Although, is it really still Shield, if you’re going to continue using the ATCU as your public front. Congratulations on Agent being in charge again. As well as Mack being the new number two. I’m sending balloons and chocolates. The good stuff.
Red spider: My girlfriend disappeared with two Asgardians, and Stark won’t tell me where she is. Or he doesn’t know where she is after one hell of a fight yesterday with another alien.
“I’m sure they mean something other than my ass.” Steve joked. He doesn’t want to think about his impending divorce.
HSBF: She's only in her 30s. That is really not a retirement age.
"Because I am Melinda Gardner or I was right after the divorce anyway. Fury just gave you Phil’s old apartment and ordered me to help you acclimate. I showed you exactly who I was. I just changed the names. I really was an HR specialist working for the federal government who divorced her husband because she couldn’t talk to him about the mission that was her biggest regret."
Red spider: Yes, I did ask her, and she said, not Asgard.
Steve: Being raised an only child is difficult. It would’ve been a lot worse for me if I didn’t have Bucky.
Nomad: That only works if he knows we have been in contact. You said that you cover your tracks well and Sharon said she couldn’t even get Friday to give her access to the real transcripts for the investigation, even when Laura tried to authorize.
Counselor Laura: I don’t think you are, but counseling won’t do any good if you’re not ready to receive help. You have to admit there’s a problem before you can start working on it. You can’t do that yet. Just know that when you are ready to talk, just send a message and I’ll be on the other side to help.
Anthony: But is it? It definitely seems like he is overcompensating for something. You did say it was the worst sex you ever had. There had to be a reason for that. Unless that reason is total lack of skill. I have neither of those problems.
Welcome back to the "bad" timeline.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all fabulous. It’s time for some fun with Steve and Tony. However, it’s Dr. and Mr. Stark-Rogers this time around. The awkward adventures of Steve May-Rogers and Tony Potts will be up soon, I promise.
Me: For a long time, the only people in your life were Pepper, Rhodey, and him. Now there’s a lot more and he’s not used to having to share your attention with so many.
“I promise to make sure vice president platypus does get rid of that provision. Let’s go to a happier place and name your favorite happy memory.” This had to move them to safer ground.
Me: And you will get there eventually with Happy.
Anthony: We should the thought of doing that as a teambuilding activity before Siberia.
Me: OK I have to go, because apparently Jeffrey wants to debrief me. And I can’t dodge him because this place is not quite as big as a helicarrier.
Warning: Description of past character death.
Tony: Which can’t happen until I can get all of you in the country. I feel like they should not adopt until things are stable, so that’s another reason to take the deal. Oh, maybe Red will save the money for the grandkids and not throw it off a cliff.
Blue phone: Peggy knew?
“I’m worried about pretending to be Stefan Carter.” Steve confessed.
Cuddle fiancé: “?”
HSBF: I appreciate that.
Girl Friday: Wait, is your mission just an excuse to hook up with Cap Dad in the nearest broom closet? With Agent Agent getting kidnapped, I can see why Agent America might want to get to her boyfriend sooner rather than later.
Counselor Laura: You know, snapping the gauntlet and bringing everybody back isn’t really going to fix things. You said earlier you can’t undo all this damage, but we can start working through it.
Tony: So how are you, my little cucumber?
“So good news, Simmons has admitted she has a problem, and Laura will help design a treatment game plan. We might have to import a drug counselor from the good timeline. Someone that won’t freak out when we explained her fiancé accidentally time traveled and created a new timeline along with marrying someone else.” Tony sighed as he sat down in the chair across from the bed.
Captain Tight Pants: That's not it. Not entirely.
Nomad: Better me then Anthony. I want to be there. If he wasn't stable, I would be there regardless. Not all of us can let our loved ones die without us.
“That’s important too. Also, I’m definitely going to have to look at how the other timeline was able to get rid of the old Accords.”
Sexy boyfriend: Before or during the wedding?
Red phone: That’s probably for the best. Since you haven’t figured it out yet, because you apparently respect my privacy too much to Google me, I’m bi or more accurately a Kinsey 2.
HSBF: So why are you worried about him?
Me: For the sake of sharing, I probably now need to tell you one of my problems?
Chief Mechanic: I would’ve handed the Hunter diaries to you personally in the morning if I thought that reports from Hunter would be on there. He really should know about the server. I didn’t want Leo to stumble upon it accidentally like you did. Ana already told me about the kids freaking out about finding out all of them were victims of the Decimation.
D FitzSimmons: Good news. I am in 2018 with your Bobo. The first one. Whatever you did worked. We’re not entirely sure what you did to bridge the two dimensions instead of merely sending me back in time in my own timeline. But the Princess has a working theory that we're going to try out. She’s the smartest person I’ve ever met. She knows everything.
Melinda: I know. There were some really bad days back then. I don’t think I realized I loved him until New York.
Me: Blame Jarvis, the original. Hey, I have to go sweetie pie. The board is calling, and I have to deal with them. You know it’s a bad sign when I’m looking forward to dealing with Congress instead. You know I hate Congress even though Senator hateful and the Hydra guy are gone.
“I think she would be OK with it, but you can ask her.” For some reason, Steve was blushing again. There had to be a story there.
Me: I know and I accept that. Time travel is not option that we know of yet. So things are what they are.
Me: And what happens if he dies or is incapacitated, somehow?
Hunter: I speak as your nanny, personal assistant, and bodyguard; you are very bad at retirement. I even know about your side businesses.
HSBF: You do remember I broke Clint’s jaw to get to you?
Me: Talking to you.
Me: Since last week. It’s okay, I’m adjusting. I’ve been hanging out with Monkey Lover a lot. I adore him, but sometimes I feel like I’m dealing with two different people. But he’s still fun.
Tony: So if I’m doing the time conversion in my head correctly, it’s probably early afternoon where you are. Is this a good time to ask you what thing in your life you are happiest about, or grateful for? I knew I should’ve kept a copy of the questions with me instead of just memorizing them.
The Mechanic: The joys of technicalities. Although, why did you decide to go that way? I mean after the Germany fiasco, we probably can use some good publicity. But our bad publicity was caused by villain manipulation, infighting, and miscommunication. Which was triggered by the murder bot fiasco, but that’s a Tony problem, not an Avenger problem.
Me: I expect Friday to send me pictures.
Purple arrow: Which seems so stupid now under the circumstances.
This Conversation takes place on October 29, 2016.
Look, I’m doing this to keep Happy from doing it. That would just be cruel. He’s still mad at me for ship sinking his OTP. How is Happy anyway? I’m kind of glad he left Mumbai before everything went to shit. We were okay because professional boy band, but it would’ve been bad for him.
I’ll be there. And feel free to mention I have a boyfriend to the press. I’m glad you remember, because they don’t and we can probably use that to our advantage.
Nomad: I assumed Pepper would be on the list.
Tony: Keeping quiet about Hydra murdering my parents or at least your suspicions about Hydra murdering my parents. I wasn’t ready to know the truth. But accidentally finding out the way that I did was worse so here we are. So, I can understand her anger. At least it’s more focused than mine.
D: You raise very stubborn kids, Stark.
2. You care about people. Not just people you know personally, but also people you have never met. You are always sacrificing yourself, or at the very least your happiness for the sake of others. You genuinely care about the people working at SI, not just the executives but down to the cleaning crew. You also care about the other people with powers and not just your teammates, but people like Ms. Marvel and Spidey Junior.
BITC: Of course, I did. Ana may have helped. See, she likes me and hates Flash because she has taste.
Cuddle fiancé: Not in person.
Director Snookums: And I understand why you have all those walls. I was there at MIT when the older kids used to use you for money or homework help and that was before Afghanistan. You deserved better.
Nomad: But?
Me: So I have $50 on Purple Arrow‘s retirement being up by January. To train Spidey senior, if nothing else.
“The day that May and I officially adopted Robin and Kamala.”
“I’m not worried about that. We were both willing to get Will off of that planet to make Simmons happy. We will do what is necessary for her happiness at any cost to ourselves.” Fitz argued back, much to Hunter’s annoyance.
Blue phone: Did you literally say that to a Secretary of State?
"Then I wouldn't be able to afford to redo your gear." Tony shot back.
"You know I'm not even surprise that you convinced Cuddle Bunny to let you give me the shovel talk." Tony said as Sam handed his phone back to him. He would really love to know what Sam said in his message to Steve, but knew better than to try to read it right now.
Blue phone: You can make perfume?
“But you will have sex with me in our room?” Tony asked.
He kept repeating those words in his head as they walked over to Tony until he ran into Happy and the agents bringing the luggage up to the rooms, quite literally. Mister Hogan was not happy to see him at all. He may have been called a few expletives and accused of being a homewrecker of all things.
“I don’t think she’s that person anymore. Experiences change you." And apparently, Laura went through some things, including being kidnapped by Ross. “You don’t want to know who I was pre-Afghanistan.”
HSBF: That would be best, especially if she has the gene.
Hunter: Because I'm not bringing you any alcohol even if you asked.
HSBF: That is not surprising.
Nomad Okay, I don’t think we have to go that far because these conversations are encrypted. They are encrypted, right?
Yes, the inappropriate Board of Directors gift was inspired by episode 1.17 of This Is Us.
Blue phone: What happened?
Me: No. You know me way too well.
Anthony: You are too good to me. Although I would love to see what you’re drawing in therapy
“You are Dr. Leopold James. Also, known as Leopold J. Fitz from Earth-199999. We really should’ve met earlier.” The doctor remarked.
Nomad: I probably should since he is keeping the UN from coming to get me.
StarkAE: I’m not going to do anything ridiculously dangerous.
Me: That feud has been going on since Pierce was a young Under Secretary for T. This is just the latest chapter. Besides Shield is now under the DOD and the UN.
Blue phone: The interpersonal stuff will work itself out eventually.
So I ended up black and blue in Siberia because I had to be violently restrained from trying to kill someone. It's OK because a couple of months later Steve had to be chemically restrained from walking into a trap and getting killed or kidnapped by Ross. And no, he did not leave me there that day. He was there watching to make sure I got necessary medical treatment.
Anthony: I’m trying to find a gif that expresses my pure frustration with that and I can’t find anything appropriate.
“Be glad you have a parent that cares if you’re using protection. I could text her back and tell her that I promise to follow her rules. Although if we do dinner with your aunt, we should bring groceries and cook ourselves for her." Flash joked.
Tony Potts: You're right, but maybe if this works and we bring back frozen Fitz, she will feel like she has a reason to try. At a minimum, we should get back her grandson.
This conversation takes place between the two timelines. Isn’t that exciting? I had this planned before Simmons tried this in season 7 of AOS. I take pleasure in it being something plausible now.
HSBF: I don’t like Muffin.
Anthony: Because Friday earned herself off of probation by doing that. Also, despite how well I have covered up our electronic dating, it is impossible not to leave a small electronic breadcrumb trail. A few things were left behind, such as it being on public record that you are allowed to make healthcare decisions for me in the event of my incapacitation.
Nomad: But there are other things you can ask.
You don’t blame the gun, you blame the one who pulled the trigger. That was Hydra. They’re gone now and I’m planning to salt their ashes.
The new consultant: That’s also not reassuring, especially because I’m going to the Lighthouse and not the Avenger compound.
Counselor Laura: Apparently, you still have the phone number of my Tony since the address book is showing it as the usual contact for him even though Friday said you had a non-Avenger phone number. Congratulations, it only took you an hour.
Tony: There is a loophole. The fact that he’s under 18 means Spider-Teen is under new Shield jurisdiction and if you’re under Shield jurisdiction, your identity is protected on the secret database. Regardless of that, I think it has to be his choice.
Melinda: Also, a lesser person would be upset that you call me his name during sex.
SimmonsJA: We’re talking about you. You’re worse than Daisy.
Anthony love: But you know I can’t sleep when I don’t know where you are so maybe I should try to debrief you. I know Karen sent you the minutes from this evening’s all Avenger briefing, but I got a headache during the briefing, so I’m sure reading that dense report will cause the same in even a super-soldier.
Director Stark: Ms. Marvel and family are coming here. You know outside of the one cousin that’s a Shield agent.
Me: If he can take out someone nearly as powerful as Loki then we definitely could use him.
Red Malibu: With a shady uncle and a father brought into Shield during the last days, most likely so his father could be flipped to the dark side. I feel like I have to be in the system to at least protect them, otherwise it will be people like S and Talbot calling the shots. When Talbot is the lesser of all evils, you know you’re screwed.
Me: That’s good.
Nomad: I thought we were trying to be honest with each other. That’s the whole point of these conversations.
Bruce has been the only one that talks to me, although May has sat in on all those meetings, usually focusing on her phone. She was greatly relieved when she found out that Laura was from the timeline created by Leo Fitz, a.k.a. James Leopold being tossed back in time nearly 2 years by the monolith. She seemed grateful to find out that Leo didn’t die; he just created a new timeline where Tony and Steve started speaking to each other again and Coulson is not terminally ill.
"You don't need to give Tony the shovel talk, I already took care of it. Months ago when he was hiding in Appalachia. He is well aware they would never find his body if he completely fucks over Rogers." Natasha remarked, which was true. He is not sure he ever told Steve about that.
Because this is a text message conversation, Tony and Steve start using acronyms you may not know. Any time that happens, there will be a key at the end of the micro chapter.
Girl Friday: If I remember correctly when I was just an AI, I had standing orders not to tell anybody when you were meeting with the president. Not even Pepper. I feel like little sister might have this code as well.
Me: I’m a little worried about Monkey Lover, and not just for punching out Radcliffe which he totally deserved. Sometimes I feel like I am dealing with two different people. There’s the happy go lucky guy who is completely head over feet with his science partner. Then there is this other guy who feels like he has the burdens of the world on his shoulders.
Me: I would love to know where you are, but I was worried about that question. Thankfully, he just asked me where Captain America is. Mr. Patriotism didn’t even ask me about the other Avengers. Idiot.
Captain Tight Pants: You think the only thing that's left is a weapon.
Red phone: You’re right. And I haven’t been for a while. Laura had to talk me out of drinking an entire bottle of thousand dollar whiskey.
Time sent: 9/7/2016 01:01:41
Tony: Yes, she’ll technically be in the security office. However, she will be assigned as Pepper’s personal bodyguard. When I go to the wedding in Mumbai in four weeks, she will be my personal bodyguard. And my new assistant, if I have one by then, will stay in New York and handle everything remotely.
HSBF: I’ve heard modern treatments for asthma are great.
Tony: We're going to take the kids to Brooklyn, so there's no need, and I have a bag at Pepper's place. I actually probably have more clothes there than here. I do have my own bedroom there.
May: You’ll have to tell her what we’re trying to do. There’s a reason why Rio is our default for medical care.
Pepper pot: Will do. I’ll never separate you from your coffee. I’ll talk to you soon.
Captain Tight Pants: You slept with Peggy’s daughter and yet you’re mad about me kissing her grandniece?
Me: What position?
“We sold the Khan’s house. So, if we bring them back, where are they going to live?" Steve lamented.
I’m sorry it’s been a while. Sometimes, it just takes a little while for chapters to get through the proofreading process due to real life being evil. (I am looking for more volunteers because I currently have 4 stories and 2 proofreader and I like to have one for each.) The next six chapters are written and going through the process. I am also planning to spend Thanksgiving writing out the final arc. I know how the stories going to end. I just have to figure out how many “posts credit” chapters I’m doing.
Tosha: Good call.
Me: So, I take it your dinner with Benjamin’s aunt went badly? Is that the reason we’re going straight into the questions and using run-on sentences?
Warning: Sexual Suggestive dialogue
Monkey lover 2: Just tell me that they’re not going to kill my father.
Tony: She just confirmed the prophetic drawings of your child. Is this a good or bad thing?
Nomad: I hope so.
“You know how to help May?” He heard Coulson asked over the intercom. Of course he was watching the whole thing on camera.
“But I’m willing to if it gets Fitz back,” Simmons offered on the verge of tears.
“This is just for you, Pepper Pot. Your driver will be here in half an hour to take you to the office.”
TMNS: I think we will be done in half an hour. I’m going to need ice cream too.
“Not in these details.” Steve replies.
Cuddle fiancé: Robbie did with his chain through the representative’s heart. Apparently, they just wanted to strip all of Earth’s resources before Thanos arrived to kill us all. He has quite the reputation of conquering planets and killing half the inhabitants.
The fact that some things could be changed is why he was standing with his boyfriend waiting for two Asgardian’s to show up so they can try to convince them to let the Tesseract be destroyed during Ragnarok (even if Robin suggested something different). Why did Leo feel like this was one of those things they couldn't change? But they were going to try anyway. They would make sure Robin's drawings would not come to pass.
Tony: I guess you don’t want your fake bio to include anything about the second family that the bastard started after leaving?
Me: Wise choice. It’s only a couple more days until we’re together again. I can’t wait.
Counselor Laura: In this timeline, Steve and May’s adoptive daughter. She is an Inhuman that can see the future or at least possible potential futures. In my timeline, she is Bucky’s soon to be stepdaughter. He’s planning to get married in the fall. If we survive that long.
“Same. Especially when you make me blueberry French toast.”
Tony: Maybe. Although, I only called you bonbon because the time I tried the literal translation of cuddle bunny, Yo-Yo started giggling.
Okay, spring in the French Riviera it is. I look forward to seeing you at Thanksgiving. Bring your pie. I will make sure there is not a strawberry anywhere.
Morgan’s dad: That was before I saw half the world disappear. I'm a bit more grounded now. I really want to know what she did.
Chief mechanic: I know I’m part of an administration that loves WHiH and Fox News, but Jeffrey learned his lesson early on. Especially now that I’m making a joint appearance with my fiancé. Besides, you know I don’t like to give any company owned by Tiberius any actual business.
“It feels like it.” Steve says as he rested his head on Tony shoulder. He also intertwines their fingers together.
Anthony: And I’m not actually mad at you. After thinking about it and having two wonderful sessions with Dr. Suarez, I realize that you were just being cautious and didn’t want to worry me for no good reason. I mean if things turned out the other way and there was nothing there, I would’ve been glad that you waited to tell me.
Agent Laura: It’s not the first time you’ve shared a bed with Steve. Boundaries disappear once you have children together. Even when you’re dealing with your spouse from another timeline.
Counselor Laura: Not surprised.
Purple Princess: A really long-range communication device that can also pick up signals in pocket dimensions and other timelines. Dad already started on something a few months ago, but we had to work out some bugs on the receiving end. We got the other timeline part down. The other part is tricky.
Red phone: Friday and I are going to be having a little talk later.
Anthony love: So, theoretically, the messages that I sent you several hours ago should have managed to make it to your location.
Hunter: How did you even find out? Friday’s said that they were purposely keeping the truth about Fitz a secret.
HSBF: See this is why I love you.
Melinda: She was. She saved Phil. Phil and the other two were trapped between dimensions. Friday was able to create a gateway to get them out.
Me: We were not together at that point, but see earlier statement about loving someone and questionable decision-making.
"Most people feel that way about me," Tony remarked just as the commotion outside came to an abrupt halt. "See the yelling has already stopped and Davis hasn't sent a 911 text message yet. Nor did I hear an icer going off. I guess that's good."
Cuddle fiancé: You don’t think it did?
Original A/N written April 2022: In Spider-Man Homecoming, Seymour O’Reilly is played by Josie Totah before she publicly identified as transgender. I decided to write this into my story. So, by this point in my story, Seymour is now Cecily O’Reilly. In the comic books, O'Reilly is part of Flash's group. Here she is another ally of Flash and one of the few that knows the truth about him.
Tony: I’m in public watching the D.C. United lose a soccer game. People are looking strangely at me.
Anthony love: Also, Flash is now recuperating nicely in his room because he may have passed out when he found out Benji is Spider-Man. That’s going to be a fun conversation. Am I a sadist for making them share a room with one bed? Maybe. I gave them supplies. The ex is long gone, and I accidentally read a message Flash sent to Peter that involved the words massage and come.
Me: No, I just referred to a random stranger as an aunt.
“Agreed. Also, I don’t want to do question 19.”
Nomad: I've already seen it along with the Sherlock movies that he was in.
Blue phone: Did you tell her that it was just me?
HSBF: What is wrong with some people?
CoulsonPJ: Actually, he did call for backup. His friend did anyway, but we were in DC for the press conference.
Anthony: Now Steve Rogers has a wall in my bedroom filled with nudes, most of which he did himself. Some of which were from your Tijuana Bible phase.
"Actually, I was just looking that data over. I wanted to see if the formula could be tweaked for others.”
Anthony love: I’m not even sure where to start with what’s going on. Maybe I should let you know that our daughter is fine after experiencing some weird overload thing due to alternate dimension interference.
Me: I thought that was a sexual position?
Nomad: You’re not allowed to say anything about me going on missions alone.
“And I’m proud of you. I don’t want to talk about my family either. Although I do regret never making it to Nevada to meet my sister,” Steve remarked regretfully.
Tony Bear: Tell her it was a joke before she threatens to disembowel me, again. People talking bad about me in foreign languages is not a new thing. A lot of that's actually going on right now. This is why I keep a lot of the languages I speak off my CV. I'm working on improving my Mandarin just for her. I’m learning all sorts of new course words.
Tony: Actually no. Their focus is more on the minor mishap of one of his predecessors.
Red phone: It actually got better once I was at boarding school because there almost everybody was like me.
Me: I realize that now.
Red phone: I’m trying to make sure Secretary Moron doesn’t find you.
Nomad: Sometimes you make no sense. And I don’t think it’s because I’m missing 70 years of pop-culture references.
The truth of the matter is I have already changed. The guy that you started dating nearly 6 years ago doesn’t exist anymore. New York changed me. The house blowing up changed me. Siberia changed me. Finding out what Hydra did to three out of four of my parent figures really changed me. It feels like you want me to be who I was before and I can’t go back to that. I just can’t watch the world go down in flames and not do anything. I don’t think you would want to be with somebody who could.
“Yes. Actually, it’s worse with him since he managed to get himself killed once.” Tony doesn’t even want to think of that happening to Steve.
Steve: I’m not going to lie to you and say that I don’t love Tony. We both know better. Even though I now think we can become real friends again, I don’t know if we could ever be like our other timeline counterparts.
Tony: Of course I don’t. Mostly because of that time I thought I only had six months to live.
Chief mechanic: No. Going by what happened in the other timeline, she’s either on some weird planet with Bruce bear or Asgard. I’m not sure which would be better.
Tony: I think there might be something going on between those two.
To be continued.
Me: You said it yourself. That was an accident. I thought that happened because the watchdogs bombed a safe house, killing two recently identified Inhumans. Also, it was a tiny bridge and nobody got hurt, unlike with what the Watchdogs did.
“In addition, Dr. Eli Morrow, serving time for attempted manslaughter, escaped the facility with the help of one of the “ghosts”. This information is not public knowledge. May and Yo-Yo’s team are in pursuit,” Karen explained.
: Codenames Baby Bird and Sparrow. She is a five-year-old “Inhuman” who can predict the future, but also see the past. I believe this is true because she knew about Eric and that knowledge could only come by some outside force. It is a deep shame known only to select few because they witnessed it.
FRIDAY: I do not believe you should lie to Steve.
To: Riley_Parker
Me: I don’t even want to think about how it was before the Accords were adjusted to handle the underage with powers. The best case scenario would have been Coulson finding him first.
Venom: And there’s MJ already. She already knows your Spidey and has not abandoned you yet.
Chief mechanic: OK, I did not have a sex life at MIT that involved other people. That was a prototype, BTW. I was going to sleep on the flight back to the lighthouse as I snuggled against Stevie bear. However, I was an idiot and checked through my urgent emails first.
“Good to know you worry about my safety. So what’s the greatest thing you accomplished?” Steve asked.
Agent L. Barton: I’m not going to say I’m upset about seeing Steve wrapped around Tony like a blanket. But how are you handling this?
Reminder: If something is different from the movie go with my interpretation.
StarkAE: That's good, I think. Tell him not to reverse engineer anything.
I’ve already contacted the movers and they’ll have everything done next weekend. Although, I think Mrs. Morales will need to stay at her current job through at least Thanksgiving, but we will work something out. However, I will discuss with Mrs. Morales about staying in a hotel in the interim. Mr. Joey Gutierrez thinks that it’s best that she doesn’t stay in that house, and I’m inclined to agree with him. I think Joey wants to punch out her husband. Why do I feel like there’s a story here that you’re not telling me? I really need to work on my Spanish.
Me: And you remember the Michelle that I mentioned a couple of conversations ago?
TMNS: You lost consciousness. I only caught you because I started to tingle. I think that counts as freaking out.
‘Apparently, the self-flagellation is a universal constant.’ Laura thought to herself. She’s not even surprised Steve asked this question because Tony asked the same thing. God, they are so stupid.
Due to my schedule changing, chapters will now be going up sometime Wednesday.
This chapter takes place two days after the last one.
FRIDAY: I have already done so.
Me: Nothing destroys a relationship faster than being stabbed in the back. I should know, that’s how my last marriage ended.
“Not for taking care of her when I couldn’t be there. I’m never going to be mad at you for doing that. I’m just mad at myself.”
Me: That’s true.
"Seriously?"
“Do guys wear engagement rings in the 21
Counselor Laura from 2023: I thought Afia got you?
Person that cares about my boss: It’s that bad?
Nomad: What happened?
Anthony: New Shield put together a team of enhanced people or at least tried to put a team together, but their leader ran away after getting mind fucked by the big bad and watching her boyfriend die for all of humanity.
MayMQ: He suggested I have sex with his boyfriend while he watches.
Anthony: Yes.
He’s not perfect. He’s impulsive sometimes and there was an incident a couple of months ago where things went really badly because he never really did process his mother’s death, but he’s working on it. We’re working through it and I think he’s the person I’m going to spend the rest of my life with. I hope it’s a long one. I’m scared that it won’t be, but I’m hopeful. He makes me hopeful.
SimmonsJA: It’s just easier to call everything Skype. I know you’re upset, but sometimes just holding Leo’s hand while we watch a movie together is better than most sexual experiences I had back at the Academy.
“Would it make her feel better to know that she’s married to the other Fitz, and they’re expecting their first baby soon. There are some pictures of the makeup reception in there.” They had one about a month after the wedding once Leo was healed from his gunshot wounds. She still can’t believe Alastair tried to kill his son at the Fitzsimmons wedding with the help of the Watchdogs. It was beyond disturbing.
Agent Johnson: I’m now stuck in some random junkyard with Loki of all people. Because he just had to call for it as soon as the big green sister broke Thor’s hammer. I totally was going to quake her, but he just had to call for the Bifröst.
CoulsonPJ: It makes sense. Look, it's only going to be a couple more days and then you will be back here.
Nomad: Patch me through to Agent America.
“Friday, sweetie, how many times did Tony touch Steve yesterday during the meeting?” Laura asked the AI.
Me: I don’t know if they actually got married but yes. And it’s because you’re a good person and a hopeless romantic at heart.
Counselor Laura: Are you still there?
SimmonsJA: Could you please redact that?
Anthony: Yesterday, they attacked the Khan family of Jersey City because their daughter can now change the size of her hands thanks to exposure to that chemical that is causing chaos everywhere. Those bastards tried to attack an 11-year-old who just likes to write fix-it fics where you and I are friends again under the pen name Miss Marvelous. Assholes.
Tony: Today, I found out in the other timeline Happy is kind of with Pepper because the May Parker Riley there ended up with Professor Olivia Octavia.
Me: Germany was definitely a mistake. I really shouldn’t have got a 15-year-old involved in my complicated interpersonal problems. But when you’re in love with someone, you make choices that are not always the best or most logical. Love is rarely logical.
Since the draft pre-proofreading reached 2000 words by the time we got to chapter 6 of Star Trek Beyond, I just decided that it would be best to cut off their virtual date. Besides if there's a seven-year-old in the room this date will not go the way Tony wants it too. This way I avoid the ending so people don’t have it spoiled.
Me: I flew that missile into the portal all by myself. I kind of regret not having Jarvis dig into the files a little bit more so we could’ve discovered that Malik was actually Hydra before he ordered a missile to blow up New York and kill us all but that’s life.
Nomad: At least that’s what he had to use before the ICERs arrived. We now know it takes three darts to knock me out, but only one ICER round. If I was anyone else, I wouldn't be able to sit down for a week.
location: Grand Master’s palace, on the planet I’m not sure how to spell yet
Anthony: Which was very platonic. After Sharon’s father screwed her over, she pretty much swore us all off as a species. Are you disappointed to find out that it’s more than just a pissing contest between possible suitors?
Me: Yeah I would’ve said the same thing about us but here we are. So maybe no relationship is completely that far gone.
Tony: That actually sounds like a possibility. I’ll pass it on to Yo-Yo. It’s a Shield thing, not an Avenger thing. So she’s kind of running it on her own.
Love: And they succeeded?
Cuddle Bunny: You're actually meeting with the president?
Anthony: Different then in the 40s?
I am not surprised Pepper, and Stark are not together in this timeline. I'm quite sure they're only still together for Morgan, and even then, I wonder if it's a show for the board. They are assholes. Pepper said all the good members didn't survive the decimation.
Yo-Yo hasn’t had time to help me get revenge on the ex-boyfriend but she promises to come and help as soon as her current mission is over. Although, she says it may be a while.
Me: I’m not either. I’ll text you again on Sunday around lunchtime, your time, at least what I think your time zone is. You can have about six burgers and I can drink Virgin Mamosas with my French toast. It can be a brunch date.
BITC: We are going to have so much to talk about Tuesday.
Tony Potts: Which just a month ago would’ve completely shocked me, but Steve Rogers has never been a Boy Scout. Especially with all the homophobia.
To be continued
I'll try to write more and call more. I'll tell you the important things going on my life and you'll do the same and we’ll try to figure out how to become Tony and Pepper again. Because the truth of the matter is as much enjoyed my girlfriend Pepper, I miss my best friend Pepper more.
HSBF: How’s that going?
Nomad: Besides, as of right now, it’s not exactly like I can go to Vegas.
In honor of Black Panther coming out today (for previews anyway), you are getting an update today. Since this is the last chapter that will be posted before the movie comes out. I just want to remind everybody to not mention anything spoiler heavy in your comments until at least March 16. I will know Saturday how much Black Panther takes this story out the continuity. (Me being busy watching the movie Saturday morning is the other reason you're getting this now.)
Me: That’s a technicality. At the same time Rhodey thinks things out. He’s not a blind yes-man. He’s going to consider everything before he makes a decision. I trust his judgment. He signed the accords because he believes in the need for oversight, but not draconian regulations that only hurt people. He would be a good balance to enhanced people are just weapons Ross.
“Coulson told May, and she told me. They were best friends, and they told each other all their secrets.” Steve explained with a sad smile. That told Tony that Steve was well aware his wife was still in love with the fallen agent.
Girl Friday: Hey, I just got out of the meeting. Dad let us leave early because he caught Peter texting Flash when he was supposed to be paying attention to the essential briefing. He mumbled something about the end of the world being no match for teenage hormones.
“But why not? Not only could the secret to getting them back be in this book, but we could send you back to your home time/dimension. Don’t you want to be with your Jamuna?” Simmons argued.
Red spider: Well, for Sam anyway. No one can know about Robbie.
“Then you won’t get mad when I suggest we do the rest of the questions.” Because Steve actually enjoyed this conversation with Tony, and he wanted to keep it going.
HSBF: How bad were these interviews today?
Tony Potts: I also was not tempted to break into the lab liquor supply that Steve locked up.
Tony: Hey, cuddle bunny. I assume that you’re still on your way to meet the BFF.
Hunter: All of them?
Venom: Well, that would be because the three cheerleaders were my beard, and I’m actually gay. Not that anybody knew that at the time.
Spoiler alert: This A/N contains spoilers for AOS season 7, especially episode 7.4. Basically, this is an update on how the timeline will work in the story. It turns out we are a bit more of a branch timeline than I initially thought.
May: She already did that herself because Morgan already has her own phone.
Me: Flash forward to January, Rice gets confirmed as secretary of State. Rice nominates Rhodey Bear to be Deputy Secretary. Platypus resigns from the ATCU and I get appointed to the position. Finally, at my retirement party from SI, my replacement makes out with his boyfriend. We get video footage of all of the stupid members of the board overreacting and use it to push them out of the company for good.
Nomad: That’s what scares me about you sometimes.
Me: Would you still want that, if you ended up in your old asthmatic body?
Red phone: It's my punishment for passing out last night, hugging the phone and a bottle of Jack.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It was necessary though, back then,” Tony remarked.
Me:  We definitely shouldn’t do this. But the only thing Jane is going to accept is me letting her publicize Benjamin’s good deeds and that’s not an option, so were doing this. Although not necessarily tonight. We should probably break this all up in small chunks.
Me: I will try.
Me: She told me that even the cleaned up censored version of those answers were more than she wanted the public to ever know about me or my boyfriend. Her job is to manage my image and this was not how she wanted my image to be managed.
“It’s hard for you to deal with a world that’s not black-and-white?” Natasha asked.
Anthony: Are there any men among the ones sending you lingerie and dirty photos?
Me: I really should probably let them know I’m fluent in Spanish, if we’re going to make this work.
Venom: I managed not to spill that fact. I don’t think I’m you’re number one fan. There’s this woman in Hoboken who wants to have your baby. She has three Spider-Man tattoos. One of which is on her inner thigh. Those pictures made me 100% sure I’m gay.
Love: Although that doesn’t mean that I forgive him for lying to me for years.
This conversation takes place on October 17, 2016.
Blue phone: So, I'm in the clear being born in 1918
Anthony: I had another breakthrough in therapy. I okayed the press break up statement. See the next text message
Tony: Okay I’m just rambling and I realized that the tabloids would have a field day if they actually saw this message. Proof Tony Stark really does have a heart. Apparently, you’re it.
Tony: Smart woman.
Rogers: Is that bad?
Me: So tragic. Did you find your outfit for the wedding?
The truth would have been better. We were sleeping together for months. I should have at least known where you really worked. Now I’m left wondering how much was real and how much was fake. Clint tells me that most of it was real. Apparently you two worked together a lot before the incident in Bahrain. But, Clint is also a professional liar that will do whatever it takes for the greater good.
Dear Bucky:
Blue phone: I can see that.
But unlike in the first story, Tony and Steve have more free time. They know this is just between them. They don’t have to come up with fake answers. I feel like we are going to get through this much faster than the first time.
Hunter: I think you should go when you’re ready.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely fabulous
Anthony: Again, the UN adores Nomad. It’s just the U.S. government that would really like Captain America back. Apparently, because they paid for your powers, they feel like they own you.
“Thanks, little sister,” Afia smirked at the screen.
Agent Laura: I think the April date got chosen because an algorithm Tony created said it was the day less likely to have an alien invasion.
Blue phone: I don't remember the registration being in the Accord
Purple arrow: We really can’t just have one crisis at a time, can we?
Cuddle Bunny: I’ll remember that.
Me: If this is something you want to do, then I think it’s probably the best option. But it’s up to you. I think you should talk to Pepper at Thanksgiving, since this will affect her.
Nomad: You're not actually dating someone in Queens? She seems nice.
Anthony: Things are better. Apparently, finding out that my pseudo-mother figure was gunned down by (most likely) Hydra contractors and her killer was not brought to justice due to corruption of the government made me seem like a less of a rich asshole to her.
Hunter: That’s seems like something he would do.
Me: See talking things out through text messages makes everything a little easier because in person we’re just going to argue and not listen. This is better.
Nomad: Why would he be there?
Tony: That I could understand. Would you wish you were healthy?
“Okay keep it as it is, except delete the curse word.” Steve agreed reluctantly. “Also, maybe include some more positive things.”
“THANOS. His name is Thanos. He’s coming for the stones.”
Warning: We are still in Spider-Man: Homecoming territory.
Did you buy him that house? It feels like your type of guilt present. There’s no way he can afford a place like that in San Francisco. I know you’re personally paying for my rent here. Cousin Ana told me. Apparently, you didn’t like the housing the agency provided before.
Nomad: That can be dangerous.
Tony Potts: She realized she was three months pregnant with Morgan. I needed three DNA tests before I believed her, which might be why we are still just publicly engaged after all these years.
HSBF: Our relationship is really complicated.
(See the end of the chapter for
MayMQ: Are they aware that Dr. Banner may be the only completely straight Avenger?
"That's because you're a professional." It's at that moment, Tony started hearing muffled yet angry yelling from the hallway.
“I don’t know. We never found Ian Quinn in my original timeline. Neither me nor the Princess could confirm either possibility.”
Red phone: Although we do text message each other, so I guess that must not be the case.
To be continued.
Blue phone: That Makes Sense. So you think they are going to use a therapist to get you to talk?
Me: So he knew it was a lie?
“Not being poor. Money doesn't solve all your problems, but…"
Cuddle Bunny: Do most of your sessions with Laura happen in your lab or when you’re working on the armor?
Tony: Shit and you’re still a free man? If Talbot is reading this, I’m definitely glad I didn’t try to have text message sex with you.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: Oh, he already has that. Dad is also paying for Gabrielle too. Dad gives out college scholarships like candy to smart people. And houses for that matter. Dad gave May Parker-Riley, a townhouse for Christmas.
Dear Tony,
“Exactly. Also I really want to enjoy the rest of my time with you,” Steve leaned over to kiss Tony on the forehead. “I think it would be more enjoyable if this wasn’t resting over my head.”
“No, it’s not, especially because these powers come from something genetic passed on from the parents. Could you just kiss me again? I need a distraction.” Okay he just need Steve as much as possible.
Spoiler warning: Some vague references will be made to the events of Cloak and Dagger season one. In this story’s timeline the events of Cloak and Dagger season one took place around February 2017 coinciding with Mardi Gras 2017. You probably won’t even notice what it is unless you watch the show. Remember, it’s all connected.
"I'll go to the room now. Sam, we can catch up later after we relocate to a hotel very far away tomorrow," Natasha said, grinning. Tony is not sure that she's joking because he doubts she's going to want to stay in one place for long.
Venom: Fine, I'm not entirely against this plan of yours. We just need to make sure Benji is on board.
Steve: Good. Maybe you should start with her text messages?
“Agreed. I will grab you a sandwich while you text message the Deputy Secretary.” Tony responded by leaning over to kiss his fiancée.
HSBF: That is absolute bullshit.
BITC: I can’t even believe I’m suggesting this but Flash’s apartment? I don’t think that’s on my banned list.
Morgan’s dad: I'm afraid to ask too many questions when Deke is involved. Plausible deniability is always best with him.
“According to a DNA scan, my step-grandson,” Hunter replied nonplussed.
Nomad: That’s actually a valid concern of yours?
Red phone: I'm not talking about Rhodey. I'm talking about Secretary Asshole and the acting ATCU dictator, I mean director. Rhodey is different. Because he actually cares about me.
Red phone: I’ll make an appointment with the lawyers when I get back to New York. But I’m not really in a hurry to get back.
Captain Tight Pants: I’m not saying that. I know that you are always faithful to Pepper.
Me: Well, I’m supposed to be getting coffee with Yo-Yo to talk over her cover job, but that’s mostly because I don’t do alcohol anymore.
“Not that he knows that yet. Not that I’m going to tell him anytime soon.” Melinda explained.
Me: I know.
Let’s talk about my friends that love me. The counselor loves me platonically, of course, otherwise I think he would have turned himself into the Armed Forces even though he says I’m the worst patient he’s ever had to deal with. He pities my actual therapist. But he keeps me safe right now and listens to me talk way too much about you.
One potential difference from the prime timeline is I decided that Happy was a victim of the decimation. It felt weird to me that Tony didn’t lose either of his friends or Pepper. I had to change that.
Thank you to everyone who has read or review the last chapter. All of you have been lovely. I was originally planning to post this Monday but I couldn’t wait that long. I’m working on the next batch of chapters right now. Your words of encouragement keep me in the happy writing zone and make me write faster.
Me: Point.
“See, we should’ve had this conversation in April. Because I knew what he did to Bruce too and that was the reason why I felt like I needed to sign on, or one of the reasons. Dr. Banner and Mr. Hulk could defend himself against General Asshole. Ms. Marvelous and Spidey Jr., not so much. Especially with the asshole father. I had to be at the table to help them.”  Steve decided it was best not to ask too much about that at the moment, despite overhearing most of the email that Tony dictated to Rio Morales earlier. Even being in the bathroom getting dressed, thanks to super hearing, Steve could hear everything and he means everything.
Blue phone: You’re not ready to see me?
Nomad: Also good. Especially the part about avoiding Jack, Jim, or José. I don’t think sex with random strangers is going to make you feel better.
Person my boss is dating: I don’t think Tony is going to be happy you sent me this.
Red phone: Is that your way of telling me not to die?
Me: Yes. I told you that Fury lied.
“You could but I shouldn’t. That phrase might slip out a lot. You’re my little Cuddle Bunny.” Tony kissed Steve’s cheek.
Blue phone: Although, that explains some of the weird messages from last time where you told Friday not to send certain text messages.
Me: Although, it’s nice to call her when the situation doesn’t involve a scandal.
Me: I need to stay dark to take care of what I'm taking care of.
Me: Yes actually, because I think Agent America will cut off his dick if he tries something that stupid again. She is invested mostly because she doesn’t want him running off to be with Agent Agent.
Feel free to contact me or my assistant Mary if you have any additional questions. We look forward to having you as a member of the Avenger team.
Steve: Bringing people back is going to be a mess, isn’t it? Even if they come back, we’re still legally her parents. How will that even work? Tony’s right; we can’t force her to go back. But I’m sure she would want to go back, so we don’t even have to worry about the worst-case scenario.
“Oh God, what’s the question?” Steve asked, concerned.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You're all absolutely wonderful.
Nomad: Same for you, if your doctor allows it.
“Yes. We were engaged actually.” For a moment she let herself smile at that. “However, the team was dealing with trying to prevent the end of the world. That has to take precedence over me.”
May: I didn’t. I married a man who is completely in love with someone else.
May: You’re not. Piper can take care of the kids. Actually, she should be there any minute.
Me: That you neglected to look at. Trust me on this, I know Coulson. Only Clint and possibly Natasha would be more qualified.
“When Princess Shuri met with Tony a few days ago, she gave him a status update on your best friend. It was too sensitive to pass the information to you electronically.” He can understand that, but Steve knows Tony enough to know that Tony would be fearful of telling him for other reasons.
Me: I will. Honestly, I’m more worried about Mama Bear May. I’m not worried about Ross at all.
Pepper pot: Maybe you have to ask yourself why that is?
Me: Because apparently you blush too much. He’s the one reading them because, unlike poor man’s Coulson when he was acting director, Snookums isn’t going to put that on someone else.
Anthony: 1. Anything about May is too sensitive to say out loud in a room full of civilians.
Tony: Two Shield agents are dead, which could’ve been avoided if he listen to Agent America. Also Spidey was put in danger and I’m really afraid of his aunt.
“Which leads to my number one bad quality, which is I forget to do important things like eating and showering when I’m in the zone. Sometimes I think Hunter is more my nanny than Morgan’s. I remember to feed Morgan, but I forget to eat myself.” Tony joked.
Red spider: Ana sent me a picture. She’s gotten so big. She’s like a foot taller than she was last summer in Malta. When did that happen?
Thank you for reading or commenting. You're beautiful and absolutely encouraging. For those of you concerned about Pepper, we will be hearing more about what's going on with her later on but it's time for a Steve moment.
Me: You’re learning sarcasm. Even then it would still be too personal and probably something that Sharon wouldn’t want out there. She’s still cranky at me for the cover identity. Reporters keep showing up near her apartment to ask questions about her former stepdad.
For those of you reading this story on Archive of Our Own, you will notice that this is now a series entitled Use Your Words. The next update for this series will be posted as a separate story here, but part of the main story on fanfiction dot net. There’s a reason for that, which will become obvious when you read the next section. However, it is something that everybody has asked me for. I already created the series, so I recommend subscribing so you don’t miss any goodies from this universe.
“I’m aware. My wife has traveled to the future.”
Tony: Okay Monkey Lover may be my scientific soulmate, but you’ll always have my heart.
CoulsonPJ: I'm just glad he's not back with you. That kiss is all over the Internet.
I'm really sorry that I worried you. We're taking precautions to make sure that I am no longer susceptible to the sunflower technique. Even I don't want to go because of an allergic reaction. It would just be downright tragic and ridiculously embarrassing.
Purple Princess: Which is so unfair. He's going to be so mad at us for having an adventure without him.
Nomad: Was that actually what happened with Joey?
Blue phone: For you to be able to do that eventually, I need you to stay off of Ross’s radar. I need you to stay safe as well. I’m not sure I would fare any better if I lost you.
Steve: I heard.
Nomad: Yes. Sam is mad at me because he now owes Wanda $50. Who is AIDA?
BITC: How is MJ? Obviously not well if Flash is the one who is telling me that her cousin is missing.
Nomad: I assume that you’re referring to the accusation that you cheated on Pepper with a widow administrative assistant from Queens? Their cell phone video.
From: The Mechanic
Anthony: Or the dozens of designers working under me. It doesn't matter because I’m the one who didn’t realize what our weapons were really doing. I’m the one who wasn’t paying attention to Obadiah. See you get good friends and I get bloodsucking leeches like Obadiah with the occasional Rhodey to keep me from completely going over the edge.
“They didn’t have to deal with losing half the universe.”
I should probably talk to the princess to see if we can develop a better classic-like shield for Steve. I do agree with her that dad's original design was a waste of a precious resource. There are more economical and technologically advanced ways to get the same result with fewer raw materials. Yes, he has the digital version, but I think he misses the classic. He can’t throw the digital shield.
Me: See you have a lot of friends. A lot more then you used to and Happy felt threatened by that. So he lashed out. His lashing out meant disregarding orders which wasn’t the worst thing he could do.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: Yes, we’re going to go watch a movie in the theater room. Because it’s Mr. Stark, we already have access to Rogue One, even though it just came out in theaters.
Nomad: The Avengers were not called out.
I'm always going to love you. That's not going to change. But we changed. We don't fit together, not like we used to so we should find a new way to work. And I don't know how to do that, at least not quickly. I want it so maybe that's half the battle. I am willing to do dinners and lunches with you and the boyfriend. Although, next time let's make sure that the entrée won't kill me.
Dear number one intern:
Xxxxx
"After Rhodey, Happy is my second oldest friend. I want him to like my boyfriend. I want to give Happy a chance to work through his anger." Tony confessed.
The Mechanic: You put a rule on your phone to type that out, didn’t you?
“The bruises were gone by morning.”
Venom: Something else I apparently never noticed. Along with the fact that Afia never eats. At least not those first few months.
HSBF: Will she be coming with you to Malta?
Warning: some sexual dialogue and light sexual content. Also, nudity.
Me: According to Laura, the lack of communication is what made us fall apart in the first place.
Me: I guess we’ll find out in a few weeks. I’m sure the Ross scandal is helping.
Steve Rogers’s personal cell phone
Nomad: I have my sources. Do you actually believe that?
Counselor Laura: Look, I have a plan to fix things here.
Cuddle bunny: Sam always said we acted like an old married couple.
Monkey lover 2: [Shot glass emoj]
StarkAE: Already taken care of. How the hell do you even know that? Did your boss tell you?
Tony Potts: Okay, and she dumped the asshole. Turns out, he was fucking around with someone else. Please tell me that Pepper did not marry that guy in the other timeline.
Red phone: I’ve embraced being bi, ever since Aunt Peggy told me that the greatest guy she ever knew liked boys and girls.
“OK, we are skipping question 18. I feel like we accidentally covered our terrible memories with our regrets earlier,” Tony said as he showed Steve the pad.
Steve: Friday says no because this is a Shield agent’s phone, and I’m not a Shield agent or an agent of the successor agency. Therefore, I’m not allowed to have access to Agent Barton’s work phone.
"Because he has done the same for me more times than I can count. I have done some very fucked up things over the years. The majority of which were definitely immoral and probably illegal and he always saved my ass."
“Because you still blame yourself for what happened.”
I think the saying is ‘people who live in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones’. Well I live in a glass tower, so no stone throwing will be happening. I’m going to step back and listen to my therapist. I have a different one from Steve but she’s good and made me realize a lot of things. The medication also helped. I’m on the good stuff.
“Steve hit him,” Happy shot back. “I saw the bruises when he came back from Siberia.”
Tony Potts: Also, I really don’t want another revelation like finding out Aunt Ana was killed by Hydra. Along with Daniel getting killed by Hydra. Because Hydra killed everybody in my fucking family. They even got Aunt Peggy in the end.
Love: Three tranquilizer arrows. Do you have any idea how hard those are to come by right now?
"This doesn't look like the Barton farmhouse circa 2018, right before half of all life disappeared." The man said, looking around, slightly confused. “Also, where is Clint?”
Me: I’m rolling my eyes. Karen tell him that I’m rolling my eyes.
“So you really did christen him Leopold? That’s a little cruel to do to yourself. ” Fitz just glared at him for a moment.
Me: It’s good to have a second chance.
“I told you that you were doing better than me. See, I’m totally overthinking it as well,” Tony sighed.
“That I was sorry I never sent any of the text messages that I've been writing you for the last two years. That I was so mad at you for choosing Bucky because I was in love with you.” Maybe Steve should be surprised about that love confession. But he’s not. It took him a while to realize it, but the other Tony and Steve were in love with each other before the timelines split. That means that he and Tony have been in love with each other since, at least before Siberia, possibly longer. Steve isn't sure when he fell in love with Tony. He just knows that he is in love with him. They are hopeless.
Anthony: I don’t know if I’m more shocked to see you use the word ‘fuck” or “internalized homophobia” in a sentence. I assume this guy was Jonathan from Freddy’s?
Anthony love: You’re the best Princess. Seriously, try to find out how he ended up the head of SI research and development. If it really happened.
“We will schedule it for immediately after when we get you back home.” When we get Deke back, Tony thought in his head. “As soon as I figure out what the hell she was trying to do. Because it wasn’t what I was trying to do. Monolith particles were involved, I think.”
Tony: Oh good she can help with the ethical dilemma which is: let Radcliffe keep developing his android for the alleged greater good or tell the Director what’s going on with Aida and put a stop to it.
However, Laura and May have conspired to put Tony and Steve in a car together for nearly 2 hours. Friday 2023 has suggested an activity that helps Steve and Tony Stark-Rogers work through their issues.
Tony: I’m not sure the board will feel that way.
Kitty brother: If memory exists, then one is never truly
Purple Princess: An asshole. Also, the mastermind behind the battle of New York. This is why we’re busy. It’s all hands on deck.
Not surprisingly, Melinda left the room after that revelation. I am trying to decide if it was the Coulson was alive revelation or the fact that her husband was engaged to someone else revelation that forced her to leave. Considering Friday told me that they were only married so she could get custody of her adopted daughters, I’m leaning towards Coulson being alive and well in my timeline. I can understand how hard something like that could be.
Agent 13: Do you really love him?
“Why are you still in the room?” Tony turned around blinking and slightly annoyed because he wasn’t unfastening Steve’s pants anymore. “Dr. Simmons totally gave me the green light this time to ravage my boyfriend.” He has even moved up to moderate sexual activity, as of the last check up.
Me: This is me taking responsibility for my own stupidity.
Nomad: So he doesn’t want to be the new director of Shield?
Me: The only thing that’s going to bring Pepper back is for me to stop being a part of myself and I can’t do that. Not even for her.
Person that cares about my boss: That’s not reassuring.
I’m going to behave and not put anything from The Falcon and the Winter Soldier for at least a month. However, I have thoughts. I will say, Tony managed to fix things a lot more than he thought he did. Apparently, he fixed more things than I thought he did. More to come as we go forward
Once ratified, Inhumans and other gifted individuals will have full protection under the new agreement, meaning no participating government could force those protected by the Mumbai Agreement to fight for the government or become a test subject. If all goes well, the final document will be ratified by the US and dozens of other countries in Mumbai by the start of next week.
"Why didn’t you tell Happy that you were with me and not some random guy that you met at a charity event?” Steve asked. He’s been wondering about this for a while. “Were you worried that he would tell Ross about our contract?"
Red phone: Although, you’re probably not ready for me to go on a rant about Howard’s lack of parenting skills. Let’s just say Jarvis exceeded.
Still December 25, 2016.
Me: Personally, I’m surprised you stayed around long enough to realize that.
Anthony: Tracking.
Tony Potts: I want to know how that happened, but I feel like I need to learn more about Hydra's secret history and the fact that they kept killing off my family members. Also, there is the fact they kept using Steve’s BFF to do it. That’s just really fucked up.
Title: Text Messages from the Edge of High School (How I survived Midtown as a Synthetic Teenage Stark)
Me: He is not going to stop?
Me: As I said earlier, I do want to keep a low profile until dinner tonight. People trying to take selfies with me because they think I am either Chris Evans or Keanu Reeves is not good.
The Mechanic: That’s good.
Cuddle Bunny: But she won’t be under Shield’s fraternization policy if she’s an Avenger?
A/N: Arnie Roth is not only an actual 616 comic book character, but one of the first openly gay characters in the Marvel comic universe. I really thought it would be interesting to use him in this story. Interesting enough, MCU Bucky resembles 616 Artie more than 616 Bucky. Think of that what you will. http://marvel.wikia.com/wiki/Arnold_Roth_(Earth-616)
(See the end of the chapter for
Nomad: What is Friday’s origin? I know where the name for Jarvis came from, but what about Friday?
Blue phone: As long as you don’t ask me what I’m wearing again. What number are we on?
If you want to go over the other timeline's answers, start with conversation 58 of I hope you have Unlimited text messaging. It really took forever to get through those questions. Direct quotes are italicized. I did try to paraphrase whenever possible.
Red Malibu: I’m just trying to do the right thing. It doesn’t always turn out the way I intended it to.
Me: Well, my 30-year-old body wouldn’t be suffering the after effects of Palladium poisoning, so there’s a plus in that direction. However, Aunt Peggy thinking that I was Howard kind of freaked me out. I don’t want to put people through that. There’s also the possibility that my 30-year-old body would be dealing with cocaine withdrawal.
Me: I took the suit away.
HSBF: I think I like this kid.
Tony: Friday, how many hours is Mumbai ahead of DC?
Me: I don’t know for sure because we didn't really talk about you. Too many armed agents around for a private conversation. I mostly shared embarrassing stories such as that time Michelle changed Agent Carter Junior’s diaper in the middle of the library during study group one time.
Ana Jr.: That is an admirable choice.
Me: Maybe more. Talbot knows.
Red spider: No, she’s doing press in Mumbai with the King, Deputy Assistant Secretary Rhodes, Vision, and Joey. She’s also there to brief them on what’s really going on.
Steve: How can that be? Wasn’t the ATCU disbanded by that point?
Purple Princess: Did you get rid of them?
Tony Potts: Actually, she already did that when she sent him here with me with lube, toys, and condoms.
HSBF: How is Benji doing?
“That leads into the next question, kumquat. What do you value in a friendship?” Tony asked.
Hunter: That makes this evening slightly less awkward. I am still not bringing alcohol, but I will bring you a double fudge shake. Also, I made your favorite gluten-free chocolate chip cookie.
To be continued.
I am sure you know who I am right now. I bet you weren’t expecting your BFF to be dating Tony fucking Stark when you woke out of deep-freeze but here we are. Does it help to know I’m head over feet in love with him?
HSBF: I saw on Twitter but I thought you would still be able to get there.
“I can live with that.”
“Yes. You’re also an alternate guardian for MJ and Peter.” Ana responded.
"So, I should do a press conference at the upstate Avenger facility when I get back and let him decide if he wants to be the main attraction?" Tony joked. At least Steve hopes this is a joke.
Me: Speaking of passive aggressive behavior, in addition to keeping the armor on the sidelines, Agent Scary took my phone. Do you have any idea how cruel that is? I think I spent the first two hours in communications withdrawal. Also I had nobody to make snide comments to besides Agent Scary. It was awful.
“We know in your timeline that Thanos shows up in a month and kicks everybody’s ass. We don't want that to happen, so we're trying to figure out what went wrong, and it feels like we’re still missing some things.” Afia explained.
“Although it’s going to be chaos doing it that way,” Steve remarked.
Director Snookums: Tony, I'm really trying here, but you have to meet me halfway. Don't do stupid shit.
HSBF: You worry me sometimes.
Me: It is probably best that he never finds out what it’s like to kill someone. It changes you.
Red phone: Aunt Peggy knows all. And therefore would not be shocked by the fact I think Kevin has a nice ass.
Cuddle fiancé: Why do you need a distraction?
"I'm not going to be able to come back, am I?" Steve asked sadly.
Purple arrow:  Daisy keeps telling people that you guys are just friends.
Anthony: Friday, ask Yo-Yo to get all the flowers moved down to the cafeteria with a sign that says free to a good home.
Counselor Laura: As I stated earlier, we uncovered at least six against Daniel, not counting when they succeeded, and at least four against your Aunt Peggy. But again, some records were destroyed, so things are inconclusive.
Me: Because you asked her to get you a snack. You should’ve had breakfast.
HSBF: Oh Lord.
Blue phone: That you wanted to be supportive to Colonel Rhodes during his rehabilitation?
Me: Please remember there is a good chance a 16-year-old is reading this.
Time sent: 03/25/2018 10:43:41
Nomad: How are things going with Yo-Yo?
“She needs Hunter with her right now because of that, so…” Tony trailed off.
Now for my three things we have in common statements:
“I didn’t abandon anybody. I didn’t choose to end up here.” Bobo, one argued.
“So you decided not to tell him that I’m coming with you to Mumbai to tell him whatever the Princess told you that you don’t want him to deal with alone?” Natasha asked as soon as Tony put his phone down.
Me: Well Honey Bunches of Muscles you really really look like Chris Evans right now because he’s growing a beard for a part. Like you could be his twin, so let us just let Ross and everyone else think that for the moment.
“You are the best fiancé.”
Continuity notes regarding other MCU shows: Cloak and Dagger takes place before the timeline divided and therefore all of that takes place in this universe. Right now it looks like nothing is going to contradict this story.
Red phone: Don’t say sorry unless you’re really planning to make sure you don’t test out the new suit in that way. Did it arrive from Palau? Rich guy fugitive Ian Quinn is now being extradited from the country, so I assume the mission is over.
Girl Friday: Understandable. Will Cap Dad be with you?
Therapist Laura: Hi, this is Clint’s wife Laura. Just to prove who I am, Clint has a tattoo of a Captain America shield with the shield symbol next to it that has Coulson’s name between with his birthday on one side of it and the day of his supposed death on the other... This tattoo is located on his lower back.
“So do I. You will write me when you get to DC?” Steve asked with another gentle peck to Tony’s lips.
Me: Yes. Tuesday’s meeting with the board was awful.
Red phone: I get it. I keep a bottle of Maria's perfume. If I have trouble sleeping, I may spray it on my pillow. That seems so weird.
Girl Friday: I’m inclined to agree. Now I understand why you had a long conference call with Jeffrey.
Nomad: For Anna dying?
Tony Potts: He can still fuck things up being his charming self, but it's harder without the gauntlet. Although even one stone by itself can be dangerous.
Me: Why?
Football Hunter: I was trying to use Mr. Barton’s codename. The voice rec system needs improvement.
“I think I'm using cuddle bunny currently. Although you haven't texted me since I changed it last. I may change it again. My point is there's no reason for me to pretend I'm not sexually attracted to you. You’re either aware or ridiculously oblivious.”
Cuddle Bunny: Natasha always said that displays of affection makes people uncomfortable, and therefore they won’t look closely
Purple Arrow: I don’t think it’s possible to undo that damage.
Steve: Good idea.
Me: He was a good guy and why am I not surprised? You do make a habit of doing that sort of thing. Still are actually, even if I’m probably the only one who knows the truth. Although, I’m sensing that you’re not exactly completely happy with everything.
So let’s see how many of these questions I can get through before the Counselor forces me to sleep for the night. I tell him I need less sleep than a normal person but he doesn’t believe me.
Nomad: I’ve seen them. I even watched the Ally McBeal season.
Kitty brother: You are exhausting, sister. What are you actually working on?
“Did you?”
“90% probability, but I need to talk to Pepper first and possibly Peter." Tony said before kissing him again. He can’t get enough of this. It was addictive.
xxxxxxx
To: The Mechanic
TMNS: Hey, does this mean I’m getting my suit back?
Blue phone: There are so many things that you already feel guilty about. I didn’t want you to have another one. I didn’t want you to cross that line.
Shield Consultant:  Deke S. Fitzsimmons
FRIDAY: Yes. Along with how the Accords apply to those under the age of consent. The Accords were drafted before lawmakers were aware of the exponential explosion of power persons due to the ocean contamination incident of May 2015. They did not expect to encounter under age enhanced persons due to the fact there were no underage Avengers at the time.
Me: Of course I did. Even five-star hotels have thin walls.
Melinda: The last thing Friday told her was that her children were victims of the decimation.
Overall I say the stories about 88% compliant. I’m not going to say what will be different right now because that would be too spoiler heavy and I asked that you try to keep that stuff out of your comments right now. If you want to talk about the movie PM or DM me. Although this being a Tony/Steve story, I bet you know one thing right off the bat that is different in the story.
Tony: Kumquat?
Nomad: Do you think that what’s left of Agent Campbell’s team can be Avengers?
Me: Totally an understatement. It’s probably going to be in disaster, but I hope to be lying in bed beside you at that point.
“Have a seat.” He tells Melinda. “You’re early. Tony is still showering."
Anthony: I told you it was for your protection.
Me: As well as $10,000 shoe baskets. However, Friday sent her the clean version of our answers for her to approve. The next thing I know the interview is off. In response, I sent her the champagne gift basket and the chocolate truffle gift basket.
Captain Tight Pants: You don’t actually think that Ross can provide better oversight than we can? Especially because you hate his guts.
DILF: We can’t let that happen. I’m coming to meet you.
Blue phone: School should come first. Is he actually an intern at SI?
Anthony love: I’m not entirely sure. I’m planning to read through all the files from 2023 sent to us from Friday. I feel like it would be a more reliable source than anything that Deke would put together.
Nomad: Nor do I blame her.
Me: I think people have always been nosy. They are just more assertive about it now. Also we have Twitter and TMZ.
Steve: Waking up in the future and realizing everybody you love is gone can be quite disconcerting. I think we’re going to have to prevent Friday from telling her anything else. I think she needs to be eased into it.
“You’re so cute when you do that. I understand because we both have to keep moving forward. Besides, I saw the nano paper out, I should have known that was what you were doing while I spent like 45 minutes doing emails. How’s it going?”
BITC: This is true. Our sleepovers aren’t the same anymore. At least when we could still have them before my mom went to zero tolerance.
Greetings from an undisclosed location. Although I’m trying to convince your aunt to let you come to this place for Christmas. I feel like I owe her a European vacation. So you probably heard about Mumbai. The wedding was good and the food was excellent. The terrorist attack, not so good. But no people with powers were harmed and we got the power back on. Also the country of India will no longer extradite the rogue Avengers on site. So all is good.
Me: Most people thought I was at Harvard for the first two months until Obadiah said something to the press. I really should’ve realized he was a lying bastard right then and there.
Agent: Laura Barton
"Exactly," Steve replied.
StarkAE: Or if Ross shows up and carts Stefan away. Or the watchdogs could try to kill me again or any number of enemies that we have. This could be our only chance. I don’t want to miss it due to medical orders.
Me: That was before we had 11-year-olds waking up with superpowers.
“I should’ve never looked at my emails," Tony said, looking up from his phone. They were now on the Zephyr One, heading back to the Lighthouse.
Me: Of course, he would. This is a guy who won’t even use his children’s real names in text messages. Apparently he requested Friday to replace their names with Layla and Corey or something similar from now on.
“Not necessarily guilty. It was necessary and I got him the help that he needed,” Shuri explained. “I’m doing what I had to do to help him build a better future. But I’m not sure if he still trusts me.”
Anthony: Unfortunately, Skype is not secured. There was an incident that took a while to deal with. It was on the news.
Anthony love: Write back soon, cuddle bunny. I miss you. Still can’t sleep. I’m worried that the end is near.
Me: I’m a fugitive. I’m already ruined. Can we please talk about something other than politics?
Me: Congratulations, the Princess still believes you’re from the future. She is going to work on a contingency plan for her own citizens because apparently these are the type of people who will prepare for any contingency including invasion by shape shifting aliens because they are that smart. Okay, they already had “in case of alien invasion” plans drew up. The Princess is just going to modify them a bit.
“They’re not sure, but my James is having them come back to HQ for quarantine and a few brain scans as a precaution. Actually, they’re already on their way back and should be landing any moment. Yo-Yo said she would text me an update in the morning our time. If exposed, they should be reacting by that point. It took none of the others more than 24 hours to show symptoms, most did so immediately.”
BITC: And you told her about Benji liking her, so it’s obvious you’re trying to sabotage things.
Me: Then on to Wakanda where you can hang out with your BFF and I can spend some time at the church of the divine genius Princess. I really would like to worship at her scientific altar. Maybe May will come with you if there are no apocalypses and they don’t have to head back to DC right away. I feel like the earthquakes going on in LA are probably an apocalypse. I doubt Quake is actually causing it.
Red phone: A political refugee, who made his home here in Manhattan after his whole family was killed, ate the wrong piece of fish and we had to keep him from freezing half of Manhattan and most of the UN because they never bothered to send peacekeeping forces to his homeland.
Any resemblance to anyone living or dead is purely coincidental.
To be continued...
Kitty brother: Yes, I do. As king, I have access to all our Intel. At least what’s in the files.
The Avengers that are left have resorted to time travel to try to get the stones because they were destroyed by Thanos in this timeline, so his masterpiece cannot be undone. I assume that Thanos is dead, but again I have no confirmation on that.
“Half the universe from being wiped out of existence.” Before he could make a comment about that, a portal opened in front of him. The last person he ever expected fell out onto the ground. This man should be long dead in 2091, a version of 2091 that should not even exist anymore. (Except Leo already knows time travel doesn't work that way, and that version of 2091 will still exist somewhere in the multiverse because his very existence proved this theory to be correct.) The man was wearing a futuristic suit as well as a strange watch. He looked a little older too.
Genius Princess: I can’t. Not now. Not when we’re this close, we almost have it.
Nomad: Wanda really likes that show.
Steve: Do you think that refers to Stark?
Blue phone: I have not been a virgin since 1934
HSBF: You have to want to change and I’m proud of you for wanting to make that change. You’re a better person than Howard ever was.
Counselor Laura: Yes. It was your idea, actually.
Me: I would talk to Mrs. Purple Arrow about it, but she’s busy working on fixing things with her husband. Maybe I can mention it to Suarez.
“This means I won the bet. I knew the Captain, and the man of Iron would eventually become lovers. I will have to come back for the wedding.” Thor agreed.
HSBF: At least you’re making progress.
Friday: 2018
Tony: Mostly because whatever you’re doing is failing miserably without me. Deke is missing, and apparently, you have Laura from the good timeline crashing at the compound.
Me: Fitz is OK with that?
"I totally should've known better. At least he called Laura or rather had his friend do it. Of course if Happy would have listened to anybody, this would not have happened."
Anthony: However, I’m more concerned with Pepper. If anybody could figure out how to take down a super soldier, it would be Pepper.
Me: Only if the right person is in charge of the negotiations.
Red Malibu: She has and she’s fighting with my head of security about it.
Cuddle fiancé: Lighthouse, like you told me to earlier. Why?
“Do you think we could have another Siberia?” Steve asked once Tony was done ordering dinner, their very late dinner. The clock said it was nearly 11 PM local time. Tony got there around 4 PM local time, and they were together ever since. No wonder Tony needed food and a break.
Me: I am still having trouble wrapping my head around all that.
Cuddle Bunny: You know what I mean.
Chief Monkey Lover: Is Simmons dead in the other timeline? Did she disappear during the Decimation? A lot of my friends were wiped out of existence, including Daisy, Bobbi, and Mack.
Anthony: I didn’t design Friday or even Jarvis to replace Ana and Edward Jarvis. That would be too creepy for even me. They were more like how I’m imagine their children would be like. Although, I’m seriously wondering why I felt like Friday would be so interested in my love life.
The plan has always been for this story to diverge from canon after the season three finale of AoS/the Civil War tag. I want to adapt something from the Civil War comic book that I know cannot happen in the MCU due to silly little things like contracts and production time.) That being said I may be borrowing things like I’ve done with Hydra Lullaby.
Venom: Actually, don’t answer that because I feel like your answer will be yes and I don’t have the energy. Not if I’m going to stay sober. Although is MJ’s cousin okay?
Counselor Laura: Telling me about the kids caused me to pass out.
To be continued.
Me: Bad meeting?
It's probably best that you're not watching TV. They're saying lots of things that aren't true because Uncle Tony is a celebrity and they feel like they can just make stuff up about us. I’m pretty sure most of what they are saying is not true because your mom gave me your letter in hard copy instead of giving me access to my phone. This makes me sad because I really want to talk to Mister Rogers and you too. Also, my intern may be literally climbing the walls at this point. Someone needs to talk him down. Mr. Rogers probably needs to talk to me too especially if he is hitting your dad. Remember we use our words.
To be continued
Anthony: It was in the contract.
Me: Of course I’m talking about Agent Scary. Making out with somebody once post funeral does not count as a relationship.
Me: The Aunt and counselor left on a mission Saturday, but they’ll be back tomorrow in time for breakfast. At least that’s what the counselor said in his text message to me.
Cuddle Bunny: Agree. How did he come back from the dead?
Anthony: Piper just glared at me.
Tony: And this is why I usually come up with an acronym and then try to accommodate it. It’s what Dad did.
Purple arrow: I’m trying to decide if the shippers will love us or hate us.
Director snookums: Other than the fact your dating him and he used to be my teammate, Nomad is not operating in North America. Nomad also did not accidently destroy a bridge last week.
Anthony: Extremely encrypted. But I don’t trust any technology. Also, apparently every single one of my so-called friends knew that I had a crush on you before I did.
Cuddle Bunny: I’m getting that impression.
Me: Junior?
"Yes. And Coulson.” At that point, Steve just stares at Tony. "Might as well throw in a box of something chocolate for May and Yo-Yo. I’ve kind of been a jerk. But hey, if they lifted the sex ban. I would be so much mellower right now." Tony argued.
From: Kate Carbonell
Red phone: No. I like the color scheme you picked out. It is very soothing and I need soothing right now.
BITC: You expect me to believe you’re not interested in her?
Tony: It is when you get accosted by a naked, anatomically correct Life Model Decoy because of course LMD’s are actually a thing that the supposedly reformed doctor has been working on in his spare bedroom. My James should have never given him access to old shield files.
Peter is a good kid. He's also still a kid and I think he forgets that sometimes. I know I did, mostly because I was already in college at his age and being groomed to be the next CEO of Stark Industries. I shouldn't be used as an example of proper child development.
Friday: Of course, Sir.
I wish I had a comprehensive list of who is dusted, but I don’t. My children, myself, Daisy, Agent McKenzie, and all of Ms. Marvel’s family are among the dusted. I’m 99% sure that the Princess is among the dusted too, because if she was still alive, I completely expect her to be here. I also feel that the time travel might have worked properly. She is the smartest Avenger. Even my Tony says that.
Counselor Laura from 2023: We are definitely going to have to have a conversation about accessing things you shouldn’t even try to access when I get back. Lily bear, I'm fine. I’m not really in our future. I’m in 2023 in a different timeline.
HSBF: Oh God. This is why I said they could not post the stuff online. They were really mad about that.
“No. I am supposed to be your dad. That means you listen to me and we’re going to talk about boundaries.” Steve couldn’t help but start giggling at Tony’s words. He was kind of adorable being a dad.
The POTUS meeting is on your schedule along with the rest of the day blocked out for meetings at the ATCU. Friday will be meetings with a few science NGOs. I thought you could use a light day. I will also meet you in DC. Although, I have this feeling that I won’t be allowed to come to any of your ATCU meetings. However, the board wants to meet Saturday. They want a read out on Mumbai. Just to warn you I think they’re going to try to freeze you out again.
HSBF: Is it really jet lag? You usually stay up all night.
Genius Princess: Dad always believed that.
Me: I am so happy I’m in another country right now. Corey is not this bad with the redheaded girl from the farm down the road and he’s only 12.
Me: I don't think so. She did risk her career to help you before because she thought it was the right thing to do. I don’t think that’s going to change just because you don’t want to make out with her again.
The Boy in the Chair: What about Spidey?
Anthony: But not as a boyfriend apparently. The current theories are Pepper left my ass because I am a high maintenance man-child, a violent alcoholic, or man who would stick his dick in anything. Anything female anyway. They keep forgetting I’m bi.
D FitzSimmons: I've been afraid to look.
Me: It's a little different with the spy twins because they're ex-Shield and Rhodey has better options to get them back in the good graces of the UN.
HSBF: You’ve done a lot of important and good things. I don’t think your legacy is going to be just murder bots and the Merchant of Death.
Monkey lover2: Me too. I forgot about the Tony Stark Gay Sex Tape. This state is preferable than before.
Me: You started this conversation with me with a built-in excuse to end early. How wonderful.
BITC: That I know about. Good to know what actually happened.
Hunter: Friday has been reading me the notes from the other timeline on the drive up. It seems like it's more complicated than that.
Me: Although because of that, we are doing exercises tomorrow all in Spanish. So if you ever plan on coming back, you better brush up on your Spanish.
The new consultant: Third, after my mom. I don't think they knew that they were related, which is kind of sad.
MJ: And Thompson would do it to impress his crush. Then maybe he’ll dump the evil boyfriend in California.
Cuddle Bunny: She knows I'm Cuddle Bunny?
To be continued
Purple Arrow: It’s not much.
Me: No, you shouldn’t be, which is why you should tell me when you get hurt.
"I was also told to give you this.” That’s when Melinda passed him another burn phone along with an envelope.
“Really, I’m so tired of you guys trying to kill me. And badly. Seriously, what’s with the dog masks? I mean if you’re going to wear a mask to conceal your identity, at least design something that allows for fighting. You’re totally getting your asses kicked by a Russian ballerina, a social worker, an engineer and an NGO worker,” Tony said as he successfully broke the arm of six after disarming the idiot who went after him again, even after getting shot. He quickly gave the weapon to Sam, who could make the most use out of it.
Purple Arrow: Good plan. Make sure to go for the head.
Me: Be glad that you don’t. I will see you Monday.
"Especially because I am apparently moving in post-divorce."
HSBF: Seriously?
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. We now have some Tony Peter cuteness because why not. This conversation takes place a couple of hours after the last one.
Red phone: I just walked right into that?
Me: Happy didn’t try to convince me beg Pepper for forgiveness/to take me back.
D Fitzsimmons: That's different.
To be continued
“Okay, I’m having Friday put parental locks on your Instagram account before I get you your breakup edibles.” Tony was absolutely serious about that.
Me: Mexican Sprite and fresh squeezed orange juice. Not horrible, especially mostly because I’m using the good stuff with actual sugar.
Ana Junior: Why is that?
Me: I’m sure Sec. Ross wishes he could put me there, but my lawyers scare him.
Me: Wait, you got him to come back?
D: 2022?
“That I would love to see. Next question, Buttercup.” Steve starts giggling at that point.
Tosha: I think it’s still better than the one where the Earth cracked apart, and the Kree enslave what was left of humanity.
HSBF: I already learned that with Melinda.
Steve: Robin wants me to tell you good morning.
“Only Ena, she is the only one still alive. I don’t think Daisy could take seeing Dugan’s daughter at the wedding.” Because she was also Agent Triplett’s mother.
Me: Fine. Friday has Monkey Lover on the line so I’ll talk to you later.
HSBF: Do you see that happening?
“The winner is not running in this timeline.” That comment resulted in him receiving strange looks from his counterpart and his girlfriend.
“At least you’re self-aware. Laura asked me if you ever worked through your adjustment disorder. Apparently, you were formally diagnosed with it a couple of months after the Siberia fuck up. Since both me and other Tony are bipolar, I feel like it's safe to assume the diagnosis also applies to you.” Tony explained. He won’t tell Steve that the formula for other Steve's antidepressants was passed on just in case.
Anthony: Our breakup wasn’t the best. At one point, she accused me of preferring to spend time with you than her. Okay, she accused me of sleeping with you which I totally denied because I wasn’t sleeping with you. She played an audio file of me calling your name in bed. Apparently, my heart was already cheating. That was the beginning of the end. It just went downhill from there and it couldn’t be fixed. No matter what I tried.
Purple Arrow: Understandable. So just another day at the Avenger Compound.
SimmonsJA: We couldn’t just jump into bed after that. We had to rebuild and you have to do the same. Now we’re looking at houses or rather apartments. Everything in DC is so expensive. $1600 for a one bedroom in Alexandria and they don’t even have breakfast nooks.
Me: Getting more self-aware by the minute. So are you ready to play?
Me: But he doesn’t matter anymore.
HSBF: Anniversary day?
Me: Of course, he did. There’s not a bigger fan boy than him.
“I think I prefer this to the press conference idea, but I still don’t like it.”
Iron Dad: This didn’t happen since I was on doctor’s orders not to have sex. When not under such orders, we would at least find a decent conference room. Which might be the plan now. Of course, I get to reunite with my fiancé in the middle of a crisis.
Anthony: You know what’s worse than that is I blamed myself.
Me: Well, not necessarily the L.
Cuddle Bunny: Exactly.
D Fitzsimmons: Okay, Pepper wouldn't be surprised about Stark and Rogers being engaged here.
Red spider: [rolling my eyes emoji]
See the end for additional notes.
In the end it really doesn’t matter. He’s never going to be that James again because too much has happened. Then again, I’m not who I was back then. Why should I expect that of him? Maybe I’m having trouble letting go of the past, but I’m trying.
Me: Sharon.
“Tell Director Snookums I’m holding him to that.”
Tony Potts: That is very true. Steve Rogers is very complicated. But maybe if one version of me figured it out, I can too.
“At least I found out my new phone is really shatterproof.” Tony remarked, pulling him into the room. “You look like your celebrity doppelganger in Snow Piercer, but healthier.” To keep himself safe, it was decided that Stefan would have darker hair and a beard. “You look good.”
Me: You realize that nobody lets Liberty do anything? I mean, that’s why our now former boss gave him that name. If Liberty wants to do something, he will do it because he’s a stubborn asshole. We wouldn’t be in this situation right now if Liberty wasn’t so stubborn. His boyfriend is in a coma. If it was Linda, you couldn’t keep me away.
“Of course not.”
HSBF: Thank you for doing that.
Me: And we keep going forward. Right now, you just have to try to convince Benjamin’s aunt that you have her nephew’s best interest at heart. I know you adore Benjamin.
Cuddle Bunny: I assume that Coulson will never be able to make toast again?
“You didn’t tell him it was really me beforehand, did you?” Steve asked. He was glaring. That’s not good.
“I don't think Sharon would appreciate you contacting her right now. Also, the protocol dictates it has to be me. Especially because part of her cover is me being her uncle.” Tony wonders what member of the team that creates fake identities he pissed off that week. But since he already had a secret daughter come out of the woodwork, he can have a secret niece.
Me: Who really wishes she was a psychiatrist because she’s like 92% sure I’m bipolar, in addition to the PTSD and I am self-medicating with alcohol. Talk therapy can only do so much.
Cuddle bunny: Seriously???
To be continued
Remember, your reviews can make me sit here and proofread on my day off.
Title: Infinite Messaging to the Endgame
Tony: This is why we can’t answer that last question straight.
Purple arrow 2023: So is this the time to tell you that I somehow ended up with a copy of all of those conversations you just had with your friends and family in the other timeline?
Me: And when you say stuff like that, it just makes me fall in love with you a little bit more, you bastard. (Message not sent)
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are lovely. Also, a reminder I posted a special chapter Wednesday this week. If you did not read that chapter, go back.
Tony: You're doing well now, but that's probably because I think you’re trying to avoid me. Or are you afraid of asking for help because you know that you need me. I feel like other Laura would like to get back to her kids.
Anthony: It’s a little fuzzy. I believe the incident involved a stripper, some drugs that may or may not be illegal, and a superior officers’ car being covered in whip cream and reprogramming the horn to play Everybody whenever he sat down in the driver’s seat. I don’t remember all the details because I may have taken a few of those drugs that may or may not have been legal.
May: Because at least Tony is still alive, and you have hope of still getting the guy.
Me: None of which you can tell me about.
Tony: So, do you want to try for Thursday for a 34 questions date night?
Red phone: The difference is I know that you’re really a stubborn asshole.
Anthony: Right now, I just want to cut my brain off for a few hours and trade snarky comments with you about what ever movie we’re watching together.
“It’s better that you don’t remember that shit,” Tony said, squeezing Steve’s hand again. He almost wanted to reach over and hugged the man.
Me: See, this is another thing we’re going to have to come up with fake answers for. I’m never going to say something that personal in the New York Times or anywhere else. I might be 30 seconds from crying. I hate crying.
“That was obvious when he came back after you almost got killed. So why didn’t you tell him the truth?" Steve asked.
Anthony: From what we pieced together, Howard figured out something was wrong and stole the new alien super serum they were working on and was planning to disappear to the Stark family private island before they took him out. I am starting to accept that despite the brutality, the Winter Soldier was just the weapon. Hydra pulled the trigger. And Agent Campbell blew up the first and last leader of Hydra.
“And the other one left her for a fugitive.” He argued back.
Me: In addition to dropping off the bequeathed items from Aunt Peggy, I think the interim director sent her to try to get more information on Cuddle Bunny not realizing that she already knows you’re Cuddle Bunny and is not going to say anything. Agents from the Carter family are anything but stupid.
Me: Surprisingly well. By my standards anyway. My new therapist just happens to be your old therapist, Dr. Suarez. She was neither Hydra nor out to get me, all positives in my opinion.
StarkAE: Some. We both think Ross is a dick.
Captain tight pants: That seems like something Howard would do.
“When you were eating, he decided to call his Nana even though we weren’t ready to test the multidimensional  messaging device yet." Bobo one explained.
The new consultant: Because it wasn't negotiated in bad faith this time. Do I want to know why your father is meeting with the president?
Remember two weeks ago when I said that would be the last chapter before we would begin WandaVision. That’s what I thought at the time. However, circumstances have changed. Due to 2021 being the even worst sequel to 2020, Ursula not able to be the beta on this story. So as of the next chapter, my only beta for this story will be Grammarly. So there probably will be more typos, but you’ll get chapters every two weeks. (I’m also considering uploading a chapter next week to celebrate WandaVision.) I want to thank her for all her time working on the story.
Me: Yes, I know how to make a compass but this is probably not the time to have me around a lot of wine corks.
TMNS: I’m okay. The bruises from Saturday are already gone. I think you’re talking about Agent Coulson? I did tell him what happened. So the report is accurate. Thankfully, my aunt still doesn’t know what really happened Saturday. She actually believes the story that I saw something when she dropped me off at Liz’s house and told Miss Laura’s friend Agent Jiménez with the ATCU.
Me: No, this is my turn and I think I’m going to be more accurate.
Francis: I didn’t have anything to say before. I’ve had Hunter’s cookies before. They’re not that great.
Anthony: Because you don’t want the CIA to be busting down your door anytime soon?
Galileo is the name of the European equivalent to GPS. The Russian counterpart is called Glonass, which may also be referenced in the story eventually.
Anthony: Apparently, Freudian slips are forgivable. The footage of her visiting me in the hospital also helped until she punched out the reporter. That made the stocks go down. I don’t care because Pepper brought chocolates. The good ones.
Anthony: Why do you respond to my text messages in the middle of the night? For a world traveler, I never quite got time differences.
Skye quake: Also you should probably ask her to tell you about Leo and Fitz because I know that she knows. You can help break the news to your boyfriend gently.
Nomad: Okay
Hunter: Actual food. No cocktails to go. Unless they're virginal, and what's the point. I'll mix up some fruit juice for you at the compound myself.
Tony: Although that’s mostly because the biggest superhero fuck up was caused by me with not one ounce of superpowers. So I guess I should be proud that my stupidity is keeping people with powers from having their civil rights stripped away, in the U.S. at least.
Me: I think in a lot of ways your idea of friendship is similar. You will go to great lengths to protect people you care about. Even sacrificing yourself. I think that’s one of the things I love about you even though it scares me.
HSBF: And how is his superhero life going?
BITC: I heard Daisy is missing.
Me: We fucked up.
“Not the one that was blown up by the monolith. Coulson and Yo-Yo died, and Daisy and Mack turned to dust; you married Captain bloody America and adopted two kids.” Simmons yelled.
HSBF: It’s really nice, but you didn’t need to rent out an entire floor. You definitely did not have to give the counselor an entire spa day.
Cuddle Bunny: I prefer cuddle bunny. Be safe.
“I’m either going to be near Los Angeles or Washington DC with a small stop at the “Lighthouse” in upstate New York, before making my way to where ever Leo and team are. Although, I’ve heard good things about the Timber Pizza Company, if I do make it to DC.” She offered.
The Mechanic: Although, this way you don’t have to be under General T, so it is a win-win for you and maybe the President will just name you the head of the ATCU instead.
TMNS: Yes.
Tony: Yes.
Me: I may already be packed. I really miss you
Nomad: That's not who you are now.
“Friday really likes Laura. However, it was decided I would come to get you since we were already talking. I brought you some cookies, but you have to come out to eat them." Natasha held up the plate of cookies for him.
“How do you know that?” Leo asked.
Tony: OK, confession time because I trust you not to go to the press; Pepper and I aren’t really engaged anymore. We haven’t been since before Morgan was born. However, with the world as unstable as it is and being stuck with the asshole members of the board after the decimation, we kept it quiet.
Nomad: Very soon. Open the door, Tony.
Me: And he underestimated how big of a dick Ross was in the process because he is an arrogant asshole.
From: Baby Girl Friday
To be continued
“We didn’t have playgroup back then.” Steve bunches his nose up in such a cute way. He’s adorable.
Red phone: They’re moving in for a little bit because Ross is an asshole.
Me: It was a nice blanket. Nikki loved it. BTW, I’m not talking to my former handler outside of my wife getting kidnapped again. At least not anytime soon.
“Not tonight because they have a few interviews tonight. They will do the talk show circuit in the morning since they're already in DC. Selling the Avengers again is not an easy task, and it might be necessary with what's to come." Afia explained.
Anthony: Also I feel like Agent Scary has a chance to keep me from drinking where Agent Carter Junior will just give me a reason to drink.
Nomad: How can you make that distinction?
Anthony: Yay, your pop culture knowledge is almost getting to normal levels. Soon people will be completely unaware that you spent 70 years in the ice.
Tony: Yes, and at least this one I get to raise. Vision is already out of the house and married.
Me: But we really didn’t do movie night, just hunting down Hydra and aliens together. Also, you have a lot of people in your life, now at least.
“The Palladium poisoning incident?” Steve asked. Thank God he didn’t ask about Afghanistan. It’s been nearly 15 years, and he still can’t really talk about what happened there.
There will be one more trailer before I start the next story. That I will upload via Text Messages From the Edge,  closer to when I start uploading the new story in case my Valentine's Day release date falls through. I'm currently in the middle of trying to buy a house, and that process is going to affect my writing time. It's why I'm releasing the story now in February instead of January as initially planned. 2020 will be a fantastic year for us.
I'm OK. Please stop climbing the walls, possibly literally. I’m not allowed to go out in the suit for a few weeks, but I’m good. As soon as my handler lets me go out in public unaccompanied, I am coming to Queens to teach you not to listen to anything the media says when it comes to me. We will have to work around your new class schedule since you are going back to school next week, but it is happening.
“According to Leo’s Intel? Yes. And Coulson has seen a lot, so I can see where this could come from. There was even this incident early on in Coulson’s career in the mid 90s that Fury doesn’t like to talk about and Coulson doesn’t remember because Fury wiped his memories of it. According to the Shield rumor mill, it involved torturing bodysnatching aliens with blue blood and may or may not have been related to project Pegasus,” Natasha responded in a way that made Steve sure she doubted the rumor mill.
“But her visions change, don’t they? It’s not written in stone?” Tony asked.
Tony: Sort of. It’s complicated. I have to go be a grown-up. Miss you.
Peter Parker’s Avenger cell phone
HSBF: That makes sense. Laura is okay with doing that?
Friday: Actually, I’m mad at both of you for making me an intermediary in your relationship when you two should speak with each other directly. It is obvious you’re both in love with each other yet refuse to see it. At the present time, I feel that you and Mr. Stark should resolve your romantic attachment for each other yourselves.
Anthony: You have pictures of that? Please tell me you have pictures of that?
Dear Miss Riley-Parker:
Nomad: I think that’s a session four or five conversation.
Of course, you’re on a mission. That totally explains why you were the first one to respond, even though I wrote in the middle of the night your time.
Me: Some do like Senator Nadeer, but in her case, she’s obviously team inhuman internment and not team use enhance people as weapons for our side. But not all are like that.
“That part you actually told me.” And he was a little bitter about that, so progress. “Also, they somehow managed to have a Sharon in the film by pure randomness. I think that was why dad sued. Sharon had Howard wrapped around her little finger when she was little. It made me think that dad always wanted me to be a girl." Tony confessed.
“I thought Potts broke up with him months before it went public?” He heard Davis whispered to Piper in the background.
May: If we successfully bring people back, Mack and Wanda will need to see a counselor.
From: Tony_Carbonell-Rogers
Me: I’m not even entirely sure. I feel ridiculously old having dinner at 4 PM. Although Friday did arrange for a hickory smoked cheeseburger.
Tony: Yes, but it’s worse now that I’m in the room with them. James Leopold has just been suggested to take my place. They’re reviewing his credentials. The work for the Wakanda Government should push him over the edge. Thank you, Princess. As well as that ICER patent. Thank you patches for patenting those under the fake name. The bad board members all love weapons so much.
“Yes. Oddly enough, Ross stayed on as Secretary of State because he agreed to do so until his successor was confirmed. Unfortunately, that president nominated the head of Roxxon. He withdrew his nomination after the company was found responsible for releasing a toxin into New Orleans that caused rioting and resulted in multiple deaths during Mardi Gras 2017,” that director Mace refused to let them investigate so Leo has no idea what happened and therefore can’t fix it.
Me: Nice to know that someone doesn’t see me as a total whore.
Cuddle Bunny: I thought you cashed in all of your brownie points for your presidential pardon.
This conversation begins right before Peter sent his last text message to Tony, but before Tony actually read it. He’s distracted.
Red phone: Stevie bear, I’ve never been anybody’s puppy.
Me: So where are you right now? Still in DC?
Venom: Who never told me that he is Spider-Man. Or that he made out with me at the Fitzsimmons wedding last year.
Chief Mechanic: It pays to be prepared.
Counselor Laura: However, I’m very good at texting and carrying on a conversation, so feel free to keep texting me.
Me: Not anymore. He’s going to be doing some of the Jarvis foundation stuff in sub-Saharan Africa. At least I can trust him not to try to kill me.
Agent Johnson: We’re going to definitely need an extraction as soon as I figure out where the hell we are. The trash looks really strange here.
Anthony: You’ll be happy to know that I’m perfectly okay and have survived my first day of everyone knowing that Pepper dumped me without incident. No snide remarks from other members of the board. No long-suffering looks of pity or condemnation from total strangers. The stocks have even gone up two points, because apparently most of Wall Street knew what was going on and now are relieved that Pepper is staying on despite our personal issues.
Nomad: The Terminator movies are on my list.
The title comes from the Lincoln Park song roads on travel. I decided to change the title from the original “I Don't Care If It's the Middle of the Night, I Want to Talk to You”. Part of the reason why I decided to change it is I play that song a lot when I was writing this chapter back in early July  (sometimes these chapters are written months in advance). It seems fitting in light of recent events to change it.
“Don’t beat yourself up about that. We’ve been very good at keeping up the façade.”
Me: Of course you are.
From: Monkey lover 2
Me: Yep. The stock market got over the shock quicker than the board did as usual. I don’t care.
Nomad: Only for about five minutes.
HSBF: I think you’ve told me this before.
HSBF: Because you don’t want me too.
Anthony love: You have a point. Also, DNA tests don’t lie. Deke is the grandchild of Fitzsimmons, even though he’s about half a decade older than the couple. So, unless that timeline has perfected the ability to age someone up 30 years in 5, I am inclined to at least believe the time travel aspect. As well as us getting our asses handed to us and half the world getting dusted.
I heard you did well during the blackout/terrorist attack. I’m proud of the work you did. Maybe it’s good that you’re being a local spider person right now. You can make a difference. How are things working with you and the bulletproof pacifist? I’ve heard you guys make a really good team.
HSBF: Really?
Red phone: So whatever we were, we are not now. We are mostly in pieces because you’re over us.
“Sunday breakfast with the kids and May.” Tony smiles at the answer. “It doesn’t always happen because May has missions, and sometimes Kamala stays over at school. It’s just good for us to be a family together. I never thought I would have that.”
Cuddle fiancé: I’m aware. After New York, Hydra recovered an alien communications device and contacted a consortium that referred to itself as the Confederacy.
Venom: It was nice talking to you. I will let Parker know that you texted and for him to text you back once he is conscious again.
Nomad: And they want you to put the teams together?
Me: I am still mad at you for making me Sharon’s stepdad.
Genius Princess: We would really like that information as well. We can start getting the stones while we figure out how to get you back. We are trying on our end.
D FitzSimmons: I think I might not hate this Hunter despite sleeping with Bobo. I really can’t hold that against him because Nana is also sleeping with Hunter.
Me: What’s going on?
The new consultant: It still counts.
Steve: I know.
HSBF: Should I contact him and try to talk some sense into him?
Subject: Re: What happened in Mumbai?
Dear Stefan:
Also, I’m sorry that I did not finish the story before and game came out. Life gets in the way sometimes. I’m still processing. However, just remind yourself that Leo Fitz arriving created a separate new timeline where Tony and Steve managed to get their shit together.
Love: Wait, Carter and Stark had to work together to rescue you?
Counselor Laura: The asshole responsible for the nonconsensual sex tape? Please tell me he was one of the people that were dusted.
Red phone: I'm a genius. Don't you think I figured out a way to use my regular phone to send these messages by now without being tracked?
Xxxxx
The new consultant: I still feel like there's more. My cousin is in Asgard right now. There's so much you're not telling me. You already mentioned a possible time travel Clint yesterday or rather this morning.
Anthony: Now that Shield is under complete government control again, the State Department is now only responsible for governing multilateral international enhanced person cooperation and the enforcement of the peaceful use of the enhanced person provision of the UN treaty. Which means we are now at the mercy of whoever they choose to put in charge of Shield which, even under Hydra control, was still better than Ross.
HSBF: Yes.
Friday: Yes. I sent this information to her so that she could help those Avengers. In exchange, she provided me with a list of everything her Avengers are doing to mitigate Thanos. They managed to remove the Mind Stone from Vision’s head in summer of 2017. It is currently being kept in an undisclosed location.
“Yes.” He answered honestly.
FRIDAY: Yes, I'm transmitting to Agent America right now. He seems to be near the Culver University campus. On the Virginia side.
“My nanny is on family leave. I understand.” Too well, really. She’s just thankful Tony has committed to staying clean, unlike her own mother.
Counselor Laura: Hey, this is Laura. If Tony comes to invite you and Steve to go with him to visit the kids, can you please let Steve go alone? I know you probably want to see your daughters, but they need to work out their bullshit for the love of humanity.
I miss you so much. I don’t think there’s enough space inside of this card to say everything that I need to say, but I’m going to try. I hate being away from you and that was before you almost got killed. I hate even more that it’s my own fault. If I had made different choices, maybe you wouldn’t have been so vulnerable. I broke a television set and Clint’s jaw when reports of you flatlining were made. I’m sure you’re aware, I had to be tranquilized. I don’t want to be without you.
The Big Boss: Somehow, I don’t believe you.
Anthony: Super villain willing.
“That wasn’t you,” Jemma tried to put an arm around him, but Leo pulled away. That hurt her heart.
God, that man could kiss. He felt like everything was on fire and he wanted more of that. Then he remembered what was at stake mostly because the Princess tossed something very hard at both of them.
Me: May says he’s planning not to look for me. But she did give me a phone to contact him in an emergency. He sent me a message saying that he hopes I will be on call the next time aliens invaded.
StarkAE: I really hate you.
Nomad: Much hotter.
“Who promised she would sign the divorce papers the moment I meet somebody and fall in love. She joked about already having a lawyer picked out.” Tony’s not sure how to take that, so he decides to go to the next question. Apparently, the universe, or at least Laura, hates him. God, this was a lot.
You’re forgiven. You remind me of my mom. I think that’s why I like you. I do like younger men, but I have this rule about not dating anybody born  after 1984. Also, my boyfriend would not be happy.
Cuddle Bunny: I’m starting to see your point about the need for oversight. At the same time I don’t want to be forced to take action against innocent people or sit by and do nothing as other people get hurt just because I don’t have authorization. I trust that Colonel Rhodes wouldn’t have a hidden agenda, but others I wouldn’t be so sure about.
Xxxxxxx
D Fitzsimmons: Except this is not our 2018. Instead of being at the farmhouse with Clint, I ended up in the house of some strange wizard meeting my grandfather and his boyfriend. I also got to meet Thor before he started drinking as much as my Nana. Now I understand why people used to say he was so hot.
They A/N for this chapter was so long, I couldn't all put it in the box.
Anthony: At the Afghanistan Hilton, more than once Yinsen gave me his rations. I felt extra guilty eating a giant cheeseburger when I got back which I promptly threw up. Don’t try to eat Burger King after surviving with five months of minimal food.
Red phone: That explains why you can make a decent drink even if it takes Asgardian homebrew to get you tipsy.
Chief Mechanic: Twice, it would’ve been three times, but I’m old.
Anthony: I missed you. And Yo-Yo told me to. She’s a true romantic.
The Big Boss: I appreciate the consideration, but the event was open press. It was all over Twitter within about 10 minutes.
Anthony: Not talking about it doesn’t take away from the fact that it’s my fault. I take responsibility for that because my actions led to that. However, your actions did not lead to Howard and Maria getting murdered.
"So we're letting this happen?" Sam asked.
Nomad: Before that he called me Captain Tight Pants and sometimes he refers to me as his text message boyfriend. Actually yesterday he said that I was the best boyfriend he’s ever had. Even if it is not real.
Anthony: Yes, you did and I just walked into three truckloads of fan mail/get well cards sitting in the foyer of the penthouse. Why do they send billionaires teddy bears?
Me: Don’t be logical, Snuggle Bunny.
Tony: You would think so, but politicians. Also, Ellis knows the truth about Ultron and so does most of Congress. Closed-door hearings.
“Because we didn’t have a Leo Fitz from the future trying to fix things. Apparently, his mission was to get us to fix our relationship and then from there make out privileges were added.” Tony remarked.
Tony: I don’t know. The mission is different now. It's gone from trying to get the stones to getting Laura back to her own timeline/dimension and Deke back to us. I already figured out time travel GPS, but that’s not what happened according to what she told us before throwing up. Unfortunately, Simmons's notes are pretty much indecipherable. It’s hard to fix something when you’re not sure what you’re trying to fix.
Me: Have you asked her about it?
Tony: Understandable.
Anyway, I got to go. K is calling. She wants to know what’s going on since she’s now on her way to Malta. She’s not happy about that and is sure something's going on. She wants to stay and fight. How much does she know? What am I allowed to tell my BFF?
“Friday, sweetie, can you send agent May-Rogers a message asking if she’s OK that I’m sharing a bed with her hubby because Hunter is gross,” Tony asked as he switched her out of silent mode.
“Yep, I am taking advantage of my new nano tech. That way I’ll always have a suit ready to roll. Bad guys don’t wait for you to change outfits. Pepper’s pissed and thinks I need more quality time with Suarez for my hero complex issues. As I pointed out, I am not her problem anymore.”
Nomad: How did POTUS react to your suggestion?
Spoiler alert: This chapter and the next contain heavy yet kind of vague spoilers for episode 3.21 and 3.22 of Agents of Shield. It’s more like a redacted briefing version of it, and some of what Tony knows is not 100% accurate. Our heroes are reacting to the real consequences of their little indiscretion and there were some serious consequences. You don’t need to watch the episode first. Although, if you want to, it’s on Netflix in the US already.
Hunter: What are you not telling my boyfriend? Because he is worried. That’s why he had trouble sleeping and is up reading files at 2 AM, which means I’m up at 2 AM, and not for the right reasons.
The Mechanic: But hey, that means you will definitely get the job, which means better Accords for everybody.
“That’s understandable,” Steve said halfheartedly.
“What would you change, snuggle monkey?” Tony asked. He did not want to get into a discussion about how Howard's alcoholism completely screwed him up.
HSBF: Have you tried talking to her again?
GraysonSteele
Me: For the moment. It’s getting bad in some of the places I’ve been in lately.
“I’m still not allowed to do anything that will get my heart rate up, including you. You save a few hundred people on a ferry, which was technically violating doctor’s orders, and they decide to punish you.” Tony frowned. “Yes, I would have still done it, despite the consequences.”
Anthony love: So where exactly are you oh fiancé of mine? I haven’t heard from you since we found out Coulson was being kidnapped by my soon to be very former Deputy Director.
For those of you wondering when the next chapter of Hydra Lullaby will be up, it’s coming soon. It’s currently going through round two of proofreading and will be posted as soon as I get it back. The reason why you’re getting chapters so fast for this story is I’m writing about five chapters at a time and posting when they’re finalized.
Me: If you want to keep these conversations going to just build up a good professional rapport to prevent the next apocalypse, then you need to tell Anthony that. If you just want to cultivate a friendship, then you need to be honest about that too.
Anthony: Friday locked me out of my twitter account, but everything else is good. Really if twitter rants are the worst thing I’m doing, this is going really well.
“Yes, and Friday had to ask the Princess herself for Florist recommendations. My normal vendor doesn’t deliver to that country, yet. However, apology gifts are apparently a universal concept. I’m not sure what I’m actually sending but I have been assured it would be culturally appropriate and ridiculously expensive. So maybe it’s best you don’t mention flowers specifically,” Tony explained.
Nomad: Is that why you want to know if Netflix works here?
Chief mechanic: Of course, you have to take some meetings with various heads of state, Mr. Deputy Secretary Of State.
Tony: Now that answer you can give publicly although some people may think you’re a gold digger so maybe we’ll have to phrase it differently.
Person that cares about my boss: So am I.
“Is it okay that I like that we’re both screwed up?” Steve asked tentatively.
Xxxxxx
Blue phone: So if you don't comply?
“That did not sound like a very pleasant conversation.” Steve said as he sketched from the couch.
“I am uncertain. I will be here at least until the situation stabilizes,” That did not reassure Tony at all. Why did he feel like something big was happening?
Agent M: Your children are fine. They’re with my protégé. They are staying at the Playground for a while. Hopefully we will be done with this mess before school starts.
Melinda: Have you called Stark yet? It’s been almost an entire day.
Anthony: No, I didn’t bring you back anything. You can go get your own snack.
This chapter we switch to it being from the perspective of Tony’s cell phone, and of course he uses different names in his contact list.
Tony: Happy was actually my driver before becoming head of security and is probably now Pepper’s driver again due to the demotion. I don’t have anything against people driving me but it’s obvious you learned how to drive in a war zone. If you were my driver during Afghanistan, it wouldn’t have happened, but you’re not exactly suited for a drive from the compound to Manhattan.
HSBF: Coulson said he wouldn’t tell you.
“Maybe that is the case for complete strangers. That doesn’t apply to us.” Steve smiled softly. “Although I kind of regret we didn’t meet at some sort of Shield mixer where we could’ve played team bonding games. Instead of getting mind fucked by Loki and Agent Agent having to die for our sins.”
HSBF: I’m sorry, Tony.
Red phone: So much that she signed emergency custody papers naming me of all people, temporary guardian of the kids if something happens. She’s been picked up a few times for questioning. So it’s a concern and those kids cannot end up in state custody. It’s too dangerous.
Thank you to everybody who read or commented on the last conversation. Happy snow day to those of you who got one. I had to make my own snow day (because I had 2 inches of ice outside my front door) but I have a ridiculous amount of leave so it's OK. I didn't want to say anything Saturday but Misaky0 was able to finalize the artwork for Steve's second sketch pad entry.
Blue phone: Why would that make things worse?
Football Hunter: I am already setting up the apartment. I think I’m going to like living in the compound. It’s nicer than the Lighthouse anyway. Your big screen is beautiful, and we have all the videogame consoles. And the bed is perfect for handcuffs.
TMNS: That would be very helpful. Thank you.
Me: Well unfortunately I wasn’t exactly in a head space where talking it out would have actually worked. It was a literal case of beating sense into me.
Me: I’ll remember to keep it. There’s a large environmental conference in South Africa next month and SI is going to do a few side events.
Me: Good goal.
Tony Potts: We kind of need to. We need to come up with a map of where all the other stones are when we drop you home. It will be fine. We have already hidden most of the liquor.
Red spider: Then I was able to watch the bodycam footage that quickly cuts out after Thor and his brother get their asses handed to them by their alleged sister.
Red phone: If Friday contacts you with color swatches, just humor her.
Anthony: Which movies haven't you seen yet?
Happy Bear: I don’t think he will, considering that things fell apart because Virginia and I caught him with the other person in a compromising position on his couch.
Me: Not really. Although on a happier note, Secretary Ross’s now former assistant is making the talk show circuit and it is not a pretty picture for him. These stories include him firing a senior staff member after they gained Inhuman powers.
Agent L. Barton: Thank you. Although I might not be there, depending on what you tell me next.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all absolutely wonderful. Several of you guessed correctly that Clint is the package. You’ll get to hear more about the complicated history between Coulson and “the package” soon.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. This is a baby interlude, but necessary for the plot. Purple Arrow is Clint. Slingshot is Yo-Yo. Although, that is actually her code name in the comic books. Remember, we don’t use the real names of the kids in these messages.
“OK, punk. I doubt I would accidentally say that during sex.”
Purple arrow: At least you’ve been briefed. However, that could have happened here.
Cuddle Bunny: I mean rested. I hate AutoCorrect.
“Why did you not mention that earlier?” Steve asked worriedly. He had no idea the wedding would be that early.
Me: I give it a month. Friday came up with the name. It really is the best way to rebrand. I’m sure somebody is redesigning the logo as we speak.
Lily bear 2018: So time travel is definitely more like Star Trek than Back to the Future?
“Which is why we're reading these reports trying to figure out where things went wrong,” MJ spoke.
Football Hunter: And how is that going?
Anthony: Because it is. But your list is just as long so I don’t worry about it. Apparently Coulson just doesn't have the energy to get kidnapped right now. So it’s a hard no from him. I think he's really depressed about the forced "voluntary resignation" thing.
To be continued…
Director Snookums: I know that Friday was in our files, helping you and your assistant track down the guy who killed her cousin. I’m pretty sure the forensic team is going to identify him as the dead body. All I really want to know at this point is if Quake was there?
