It was a forlorn yowling, the sound of an animal in mourning. It did nothing to help the pain that clenched at Tony’s heart every waking second of every day. With Peter, it was more bearable, but the loss was forever present in Tony’s mind.
“Hey,” Tony said shyly when he noticed the blonde staring at him.
But there was one thing Tony had over Greg. Greg may be smart but Tony was an engineering genius. Gregory could see it. Howard could see it.
“Yeah,” Rogers smiled snidely, looking at Tony through long blonde lashes, “I can use you. I can use you to get me my dinner. Get up.”
“What are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be in- I don’t know- NASA, making the next big tech thing?”
“Weren't you an engineer who graduated from MIT? Don’t you have a lab somewhere?” Steve asked, “don’t you have electronics you can work on?”
“Why?” Tony rasped.
“Heard you were getting chummy with your assistant,” Greg deflected conversationally, “she’s a good woman, she can do you some good.”
“Yeah,” Tony smiled, small and hopeful, “you.”
“I never caught your name. I’m Steve, Steve Rogers, I saw you move here a month ago.”
They won. Or more accurately, the avengers won. They went out for shawarma all on Greg’s dollar.
“Shhhh, I’ve got you,” the same voice said.
“Who was who?” Greg slurred.
“Why have you brought me here, Rhodey?” The prince of the Fae snarled, “we have no business with the likes of him.”
When he calmed down, he looked shyly up at Steve, “sorry.”
“You wouldn’t understand,” Tony wrapped his arms around himself, “Greg is protecting me.”
“Yeah?” Tony said, feeling stupid.
He didn’t even notice the door opening into his room, didn’t even flinch when a rough hand came to touch his face.
“Friday? Wait,” Tony looked up, bewildered, “what year is it?”
Steve laughed along with Tony, but his heart sank at Tony’s words. Because that was exactly what he was doing, subconscious of it or not. Steve felt the cracks in his heart begin to form. It was only so long before Tony found out his true intentions.
Tony shivered, but he couldn’t look away. Rogers looked supreme, like a king carrying out his justice.
Rogers and Romanoff exchanged a look before Romanoff stepped forward to speak, “we… we are in hiding.”
When he opened his eyes, he was kneeling in a completely empty altar.
“No,” Bucky said with a bright grin, “he’s just jealous.”
“What would a Fae seek from a human?” Steve asked, curiously, stepping closer with trepidation. Then he saw him. The smaller Fae had wide dark eyes, tousled black hair and short trimmed beard, and small frame, covered by the dark skinned Fae.
That’s when the kids returned. It was easier to pretend everything was alright with Morgan and Harley around. Tony didn’t bring their argument up as well, happy to bask in his children’s glory, but Steve could tell that even now, Tony wasn’t happy. Not completely happy anyway.
“No! No, you are lying! They wouldn’t have won. I stopped-“ Steve snapped, before realization hit him, “you’re not- you’re hydra!”
“Rogers-“
“If you’re going to assimilate into society now, you should wear something different,” the robot said and something in his tone said he was frowning. Which was weird since he was a robot not a human.
Tony remained silent.
“Yeah, a beta bastard would know exactly how an alpha acts,” Bucky scoffed.
In the midst of the chaos, Rhodey realized that Rogers wasn’t really fighting back, he was just taking the hits, “why aren’t you fighting back? You scared, Rogers?”
“You can talk to me about it,” Tony offered and then quietly cursed at himself. What could he offer a man out of time? Who could never go back?
One day, an opportunity came that he couldn’t refuse. It was a flyer, one of those that most people would walk away from, but Steve wasn’t most people. He took one of the phone numbers and used a pay phone to call them.
, “please, he’s my only son,” his voice broke on that sentence, “He’s my baby boy, he’s- he’s the only good thing in my life. I don’t know what I would do if-“ he choked at the thought, “Please… please, help me find him.”
Tony could almost laugh at Bucky’s concern, but it came out more like a sob.
“Don’t worry about it, Tony, he’s just going to go punch something and he’ll be right as rain,” Clint said with a knowing smile.
Tony turned his attention back to the cage. There was no lion in sight.
“What do you want?” Tony rasped, trying to calm his heart.
“You don’t talk to me anymore-“ Bucky very reasonably said, scratching at his hair, “about how we got here- about what happened before- it’s like you’re a stranger now…”
At Natasha’s answering glare, Bucky raised his hands up, “and I’d like that warmed, Steve.”
Tony walked forward, like a man possessed, stepping over Hammer’s body to wrap his arms around his dom and kissing Rogers with a passion he never thought he had.
“Tony Stank?”
“Multiple someone’s,” he promised when the room stayed quiet.
“Sir, what are you doing here? Are you here for the audition?”
The dom left swiftly.
When he was finished, he made to move Tony, but the sub just said in that toneless voice, “It’s fifteen.”
“It’s not Mr. Stane anymore,” Tony said miserably. He could continue to sit here, feeling sorry for himself, or he could choose… someone.
“Well, don’t settle for me,” Sharon said, flicking her hair back, “I’m too badass to be someone you’d settle for.”
His scream echoed throughout the altar and the others in attendance muttered softly, disapprovingly amongst themselves. Tony looked around him, eyes wide, seeing all the people sitting in the pews and he screamed again. They all looked horrible, disfigured, ugly. Some of them, his brain couldn’t even comprehend what they looked like. He kneeled down, holding his head in his hands. This couldn’t be happening.
There were many people waiting at the gates when he arrived alone. Tony kept his head down, eyes discreetly scanning the people as he walked off into the compound.
With that fire burning in his belly, he walked into the forest, looking around. There had to be a cave or some sort of shelter with which he could weather the storm- there was a mansion in the middle of the woods. He blinked. The mansion remained.
Until Steve’s face turned contemplative, “you know, no one ever offered to talk to me about it.”
“What’s your name?” Tony asked, surprised he didn’t ask before letting a stranger into his car and home.
“No, you are the man of honor,” the man said quietly.
“Poor bastard,” Bucky growled, wrapping an arm around Natasha, “you sure you wanna do this, Steve? Yer not a charity.”
“Does he do that? Watch papa all the time?” Bucky asked with a false cheer, a sinking feeling pervading inside him.
Steve stood up, cooking forgotten. Instantly, like some unknown reflex or instinct, his body was in motion, running out of the cabin and
“Relax, Tony. He’ll find out sooner or later. Why not sooner?”
There was no time to grieve as the shit was kicked out of him.
“There's no rule saying that there can’t be two men in the house while I’m away,” Ransom chuckled.
“Tiberius- the prison guard seemed real interested in you. You could go plead to him,” The man said through a mouth full of suds.
The redhead- Romanoff- cocked her head to the side, “is there someone else with us?”
“Tell me, Tony,” Steve urged quietly, “what was it like?”
“The year is 2015, sir,” Jarvis replied dutifully.
“I usually work from home… what are you doing?” Steve asked.
At the latest gift, however, Tony put his foot down with a small kind smile, “it is very sweet of you to give me all these gifts, Steve. Very sweet and I’m very grateful. It almost feels like you’re courting me.”
The man frowned, “I- I guess.”
Tony was nervous. No, that wasn’t quite the word for what Tony was feeling. Tony was shaking, sweating profusely, holding the paper in his hands like a shield. But Tony couldn’t call it
“Did you know?” Tony asked, tired.
“Stark doesn’t even go into that room from what I see,” Iron man said, miffed, “besides, he’s not going to notice some things missing here or there.”
“Shhh,” Steve’s heart hurt for his lover, “it should always feel good. Always.”
“Please,” the man hunched his shoulders, looking small and lost, “I have nowhere to go.”
“So, what brought you to Coffee Bean,” Bucky asked casually.
Steve sighed before someone opened to door and walked into the store, “hello, wel-“
“What did you do to me,” Tony slurred, shivering violently.
“It's alright,” Rogers smiled at Sasha, standing up, “I should be going.”
What happened next was too quick for Tony to focus on. Suddenly Rogers was in the middle of a fight with all of the people in Hammer’s crowd, easily disarming and knocking people unconscious. In fact, he looked bored.
” Steve said, staring at Tony who was looking more and more angry by the second.
When he didn’t answer, Rogers went on, “do you love Bruce?”
The guard didn’t like that answer, yelling out, “Rogers, get your sub under control.”
“That’s alright,” Tony held Steve close, “you shouldn’t have had to go through that.”
“I don’t know, just found Tony like this in the room when I got here.”
“I don’t think I can,” Steve sighed, “I’ve loved Tony for seventeen years. I- no one can compare.”
“There’s no time to explain. If you would please.”
“Tony?” Steve asked with a raised eyebrow, pulling the shirt over his broad chest.
After everyone left the room, Rogers sighed, “Tony-“
“Ok?” Steve asked.
“Hey!” Tony squeaked when Ransom began tickling his waist, “hey! Don’t- haha! That’s- hahaha! Fucking cheating- stop! Stop!”
It was nightfall before anyone entered the cell. People passed by, sure, but no one bothered Tony. Something the sub was not used to. Having privacy.
Steve smiled wolfishly, pouring the lube between his fingers and diving in. Tony tried to adjust, but he’d only known pain associated with sex, so he quickly stiffened up around the single finger inserted into his ass.
“A large iced caramel macchiato with no cane sugar and extra whip,” Tony repeated, a brow raised, “and a cheese danish.”
“You are the real engineer behind Stark Industries. Without you, Greg is nothing.”
“What happened… after I died. What happened to my friends?” Steve asked, voice small.
“I-“ tears ran down his face, “Ro- Romanoff-“
Until the aliens came.
But this wasn’t any of Tony’s business. He chewed his lower lip and carried on, going into a coffee shop to work on his next concept of the iron man armor when the glass window broke all around him.
“Night… Tony,” Rogers said, before backing out of the room.
“Wait, wait, wait!” Steve blurted out, “You said I could talk to you if I needed to.”
“Stop fighting, slut,” Hammer purred, using one hand to hold both of Tony’s wrists away from his body as the other hand stroked Tony’s ass, “I’m going to enjoy this.”
Rogers let go, leaning back, “good night, Tony.”
“Yeah,” the man said lazily, wrapping his strong arms behind his head, “pretty little sub like you?” He smiled and it looked nasty, “you’ll be eaten alive.”
Tony couldn’t. He was tricked. Somehow he was tricked and he couldn’t- couldn’t stand it. Everything-
“Because you and I share the same goal,” Rhodey smirked before growing serious, “I’m sure you heard what will happen to Tony by the end of the year.”
“Everyone knows about Stane’s and Stark’s wedding…” Steve said almost sadly, “what does that have to do with me?”
Steve ever wanted. And he was leaving that all behind to fight in a war he didn’t believe in. After Ransom left, Tony turned to the kids with a false bright and cheerful voice, “it’s time for breakfast! Who wants pancakes?”
“Would you, son of the earth, take the god of sea and sky to be your lawfully wedded husband for all to see?” A gruff older voice asked.
“No it isn’t!” Steve snarled, eyes flashing angrily, but he stopped his rampage when Tony put a hand on his shoulder.
At Tony’s silence, Steve continued, “everyone is counting on me… in this future… and it’s hard. It’s difficult. Losing people, everyone I know. Brooklyn doesn’t even look the same anymore. Yet I’m supposed to continue on.”
“Like Clint said, Iron man is Anthony Stark’s bodyguard. If he didn’t prove himself in the field, I would have also questioned his intentions to help us,” Reed said with a small sigh.
“I would rather die than ask for this human’s help,” Prince Stark spat vehemently.
“Don’t apologize, it must be difficult… coming to the future and losing everyone you’ve ever loved and all,” Tony said awkwardly before he remembered himself. Fucking hell, did he not have a filter?
“What can I do, Bucky?” Steve sighed, “Turn Ransom down? Throw Tony to the wolves?”
“-tell him about-“
“Oh, I suppose it doesn’t?” The girl asked, confused.
Fuck.
Tony folded his arms protectively over himself, “you don’t know anything about me.”
Steve sighed, leaning out to pull the dark haired genius into a hug from behind, “Tony, I don’t want to stop seeing you. Do you want to stop seeing me?”
It was strangely calming.
“Nothing,
“Oh,” Tony smiled, though it didn’t quite reach his eyes, “thank you, Steve, you’re so kind.”
“I’m fine!” Tony snapped.
Tony didn’t see Rogers for the rest of the day. That night he went to bed and he still didn’t see him. He laid on the bed, eyes wide open, waiting. Close to midnight- when the cell bars usually closed- they stayed open. It was fucking weird.
“And what do you know then?” Tony snarled.
The man barely weighed anything and Steve was thankfully able to rush home before darkness blanketed the snowy land. He had not planned to have a guest, but he could use the company.
When Sarah got the diagnosis, her face did not change, but Steve’s did.
“You’re fooling no one, Stark,” Barton quipped.
He had to strain to get up, but time heals all wounds as they said. His limp had gotten marginally better at least and he could faux walk without it being too painful. Not that anyone noticed these days, with the state of the world being what it was.
“He’s trouble. Like Tiberius Stone trouble,” Greg’s gaze went dark, “I don’t want anything bad happening to you, brother.”
“Then why-“
“Of course!” Iron man said.
Tony didn’t move. He lay as still as the dead.
Steve, seeing that he had startled Tony, instantly furled his brows in concern, “Tony? You ok? Did I startle you?”
“Yeah!” Morgan said brightly, “more than daddy looks at papa. Uncle Stevie also looks at papa more now that daddy is away.”
He was never a fighter.
There was something in Tony’s voice that said he wasn’t quite speaking the truth. An awkward silence elapsed between them.
The dom, surrounded by his possy, a larger group than the one surrounding Tony, laughed, “if you want to talk, Rogers, talk. I have nothing to say to you.”
He was fine with that.
Tony howled as Steve abused his prostate, wailing, incoherent with pleasure.
Tony went quiet, contemplating. He turned his back to Rogers, “shit, sorry, Steve, I- I have a lot to think about.”
“You said butts,” Morgan laughed.
“What?”
“No, I think I will deal with this personally,” Rogers drawled, bored. Like he was taking out the trash.
Tony blinked. The other doms quickly turned away and ignored Tony as the strange quiet dom took him out of the showers.
The bastard Obi probably lorded every mistake over Tony when Tony wasn’t expecting it. That was the only reason for this traumatic response.
“We have the same goal. We both love the little shit even though he makes it hard,” Rhodey grouched.
Acushla means “darling” or “pulse” or “vein” in Irish Gaelic
“Tony, is that you?”
Tony snatched it out of his hand angrily and stomped off, leaving Steve alone on stage.
Tony immediately pressed the end call button. Fuck, did he really press call?
“Geez you are whipped,” Bucky whistled.
Rhodey knew Tony wasn’t just talking about the play. He was also talking about his goddamn life and how he was forced to marry Obadiah, his fucking godfather. A man ten years older than him in one year’s time. And that wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fair at all.
Tony sobbed quietly into his hands, hoping no one would come in and find him.
Sarah had metastatic breast cancer, stage 4.
“If you loved him, why did you tell him that you were just playing with him when you dumped him in front of the whole school.”
“Sure thing,” Steve sighed, typing in the order, “and you Nat?”
“Truth is,” Reed looked grim, “we are losing against Hydra.”
Tony tried to punch in his employee numbers and leave as quickly as possible but Bucky wasn’t letting him up. He grabbed Tony tightly by the arm.
“I love you too, brother,” Greg’s easy smile was back as he stood up, “anyway, I’ve come to tell you I set you up on a date with that Sasha girl. Don’t miss it. It’ll break her heart.”
Tony shook, sliding to the floor. This couldn’t be happening. This couldn’t be happening to him.
“Lord Rogers,” the dark skinned Fae looked pleadingly at Steve.
Tony remained in the cell, feeling adrift until one the guards- thankfully not Ty- beat the side of the cell bars and said, “get out, it’s shower time.”
“Yes…” Tony chewed his lower lip.
Tony stayed quiet at their exchange.
“Don’t
There were no guards in sight, which was odd because Tony swore he saw someone in uniform just a second before.
Tony began taking off his clothes at a rapid pace, Steve had to subdue him physically to get him to stop, “Tony! Tony-“
Tony was… if he could dare say it, he was happy. Steve spoiled him rotten with love and kisses. Just waking up in his lover’s arms made him beam. Tony touched Steve more often, no longer shy and uncertain but bold and flirty. Steve reciprocated with touches of his own, on Tony’s arm, around his waist, his face, his hair. Tony loved it.
Tony raised his head, looking to Roger’s eyes for permission. As soon as Rogers nodded, he bolted out of the hall.
There was ever only one option.
Tony’s silence was answer enough.
“Now, now, honey butts, time to go to bed,” Steve said, picking a giggling Morgan up.
“I- I,” Tony chewed his lower lip. He already began terribly, but he pushed forward, shoving the papers on the table, “I want to go to college.”
“I'm sorry,” Tony said, “I didn’t have the right.”
“Anyways, I have to go to work,” he said, pointingly looking at Steve’s tight grip over Tony’s hand. He was running late already.
“Thank you Nat,” Steve said hoarsely, squeezing Tony tightly, “truly. What do I have to do to protect Tony?”
“Why should I?” Tony said, voice completely toneless, “you would never agree. You’re a dom, you can do whatever you want with me. You don’t care about what I say.”
Rogers rinsed his mouth, “doing what?”
“When?” Tony asked, breathless.
“Steve,” she says. “Do you - can I have a hug?”
“Do I have to decide now?” he asks, frowning deeply.
(Well, he does think real hard. He thinks about Tony, and what it means to be together again, and how of all the great adventures he could have embarked on after his death, this wasn’t on a list of things he could have ever seen coming.)
“I wouldn’t have offered if I didn’t mean it,” Tony says unnecessarily, and Steve hangs his head.
“Oh, seconds?” Steve says, and Tony wrinkles his nose at him. “Why didn’t you say so? Hold on, give me a moment.”
“Some might think that you must have a mighty large ego to assume that you’re the only thing that can stand between planet Earth and total destruction.”
“Like hell you are,” Tony says, and he goes for the glass before Carol’s threatening him with a photon blast, keeping him from the margarita. “Excuse me, might I remind you that this is
Relaying a series of events had been relatively easy, Steve realizes, as he tries to puzzle out the best way to explain himself. While he’d of course been cautious of whatever Tony’s reaction to his story was going to be, this is infinitely more difficult. He wants to make excuses for why he can’t, wants to tell some more half-truths, but Tony deserves more than that.
Steve pushes that all from his mind as he sees the sleek black car parked out front.
Mouth full, Tony’s wrist swivels to read the black Comic-Sans pun. He shrugs in answer, then goes back to finishing the entire mug. Steve just stands waiting, watching the line of Tony’s working throat more closely than he should. When Tony’s done, he wipes his mouth on the edge of his sleeve and wordlessly returns the mug.
“I’m surprised you haven’t taken this opportunity to take a crack at my age,” Steve remarks.
Old man Rogers is predictably in his garden. The sun isn’t fully up yet, and Tony shudders at the thought of how long everyone will push themselves to revel in their mortality, but a butterfly flutters past his ear and he forces himself to push it all aside for a moment.
“Rogers,” he barks, switching tack halfway through a lecture on double-dipping and why it’s fundamentally wrong. “You watching your figure, or what?”
And he’s got an interview to do.
“You regret it.” Steve repeats it plainly, deliberately, and watches Tony for the second the underlying meaning registers.
“Couldn’t have done it better myself,” he tells Tony, and it’s hard to stem the obvious pride flowing over him.
“I think we love each other in every universe,” Steve says, and he’s breathing warm and steady, pressing hard against Tony’s ass, intent as plain as the day before them. “There’s no way we don’t.”
In his universe, Peggy hadn’t had a super-soldier husband. She’d been in a bed, well-loved and frequently visited by family. Now it’s just the two of them, and in a moment of weakness, tells her what the alternative was. When he asks if she regrets what she’s let him do to her, she shakes her head.
“Not about this,” Steve says honestly. “I thought you’d be mad about me messing with the timelines.”
“Good,” Tony says, feeling exactly how Steve looks and thinking that everything makes sense now, despite how he hadn’t seen it coming at all, too absorbed in his own fantasies. “Bedroom, then?”
It’s getting harder, though, and Steve pulls up a knee towards his stomach as he fumbles for a response. Cool February night air cuts across the tops of his shoulder blades, sprouting goosebumps in its wake and giving him a spare moment of clarity.
“No,” he mumbles, tucking his chin in. “Just - not very good with the oven yet.”
He’s been handling the bulk of the incoming calls for the day, but when the line rings as he’s wrapping up a call to schedule when Harry can be picked up by his uncle and his partner, Beth clears her throat.
He doesn’t say what he’s really thinking, which is that he hasn’t heard from Tony since that disastrous phone call, and he’ll put the big important superhero-billionaire on hold for forty-eight hours if he wants to.
He tells Elliot that he loves him when it’s Steve’s day to pick up the high schoolers and Elliot gets to the car first. There’s modest bragging about an A on his history test, and Steve looks at him as he says it. Elliot looks away and mumbles it in return, and Steve lets him pick the music for the drive home.
“Or,” Tony says, lifting the hand from blinking lashes to turn his magnetic doe eyes on Steve, “you can soothe my wounded soul by telling me something about yourself for the first time in however many years it’s been that we’ve known each other.”
“Once you know, you have to tell him,” Steve continues, and he forces himself to keep it together.
He listens, can hear the sharpness of Tony’s breathing. He picks up on the slight uptick in Tony’s pulse, the near insignificant flex of his fingers between Steve’s.
Rather than soak up every detail of every choice Tony has made in this place, Steve focuses on his presence. He observes the way Tony’s hands flit through the air as he talks, listens intently to the sound of his footsteps, and compares it all to every memory he holds of the time they shared together.
Steve is apologizing for what he’d said after the funeral, having recited it from pristine memory. He is saying he knows he probably overstepped but couldn’t
“It does,” Steve says, because he’d thought about it all for a very long time. And then, because he can’t even begin to imagine the enormity of what Tony is feeling right now - “I’m sorry. If it hurts to hear, I can stop.”
While it looks like a surprisingly large number of people have cleared out of the venue during the bathroom interlude, Steve manages to snag the attention of an employee who turns outrageously helpful as soon as he hints that he’s looking after a spectacularly drunk celebrity. The woman unlocks a supply closet and loads him up with a toothbrush, toothpaste, and a chilled water bottle decorated with the Sunset Tower Hotel logo. Steve thanks her profusely, and when she casually asks who he’d been at the party with, he shifts his weight uncomfortably and prevaricates to the best of his ability. Which really, thank fuck, isn’t that shabby thanks to his chosen profession.
so loud and intoxicating - it’s impossible to do anything but give into him, and Steve takes his time until they’re both breathless and Tony is nodding fervently and curling fingers into the sheets under him.
Steve is no longer alone. There’s a presence beside him, one that refuses to fade as adamantly as he refuses to look, unwilling to be wrong about this. It’s an aura that he recognizes, one that calls to him in a tricky maneuver of instinct older than he is.
“I love you,” comes Steve’s response, and this time neither of them hide their smiles as they kiss a little too inappropriately for the current time and place. Tony hooks a knee over Steve’s leg and forgets about his coffee for a second, the stirring in his chest and his hastily thrown-on pajama pants enough to tug him into more alert territory. Steve slides a wide palm up the inside of his thigh, hot even through the fabric, and Tony’s got half a mind to cover it with his own palm and urge him onward until the sharp trill of a bicycle bell jolts them back into the present.
“My nails are fine,” Steve says, flexing the fingers in question for Tony to see. The entire appendage is perfect, scarless and better than brand new. “And these are going to heal up just fine, too.”
Steve glances down.
And yet somehow, he finds himself at Rogers’ elbow the next time he winds up at the bar, despite the abundance of open footage.
“With you two?” Natasha says skeptically. “Everything is dramatic.”
“She said it could be a late birthday present,” Beth keeps going. “We text just fine, and we’ve talked on the phone a few times. It’s been fine, except for when she’s apologizing.”
Here's a ~20k word chapter to apologize for how long it's been.
“That’s okay,” Steve says, pausing with the ceramic of the mug bearing the phrase
“I wouldn’t expect anything more from you,” he tells Tony.
“‘Course I do,” Tony says, as smooth as their drinks from earlier.
“What can I do for you?”
This world goes on turning, fragile in a way that no one else understands.
“I don’t need Neosporin, Tony,” Steve says patiently, standing up to take stock of the state of his uniform. “You know that.”
“Let me guess,” he intones. “Journalistic integrity was the only thing stopping you?”
“The divorce is almost finalized,” Sam says, a horrible gossip, just as Steve remembers. “We’re just lucky there wasn’t a custody battle.”
“That’s unexpectedly poetic, coming from you,” he tells Steve, who just shrugs as best as he can and slides a hand down to grope at Tony’s rear.
They both go silent, and Peggy calls out weakly.
“Different,” Rogers says, carefully cutting into a thick slice of Challah French toast. “Better than the egg white omelet, though.”
“We are doing this,” Tony assures him, and he wiggles in a little more before pumping experimentally to see what level of resistance he’s working with. “Trust the process, okay?”
, given him that which his future wife had once determined was evidence that he had a heart.
“No one else has access,” Tony says, hovering in the doorway as Steve slowly makes his way around the perimeter. “I mean, I have the overrides, obviously - but I figured when you came, you’d change that. Give them to Sam or something.”
“We’re in public,” Steve scolds him.
Denise just watches, watches him fluff up his pillows and set them against the back of the couch.
“I’d volunteer to take over, but you look like you've got it handled,” he grins.
“Who’re you texting?”
“You asked me: ‘What the hell could drive a man to live that kind of life?’”
“I’m not really his friend.” It’s a weak protest and he knows it, mildly embarrassed at the flattery, but Pepper merely levels him with an unimpressed look as she steps near the curb where a sleek black car is currently pulling up.
“You’re the one who wanted me to keep the house,” Steve reminds him.
Steve lets him. Steve stays sweet, his lips soft and unpresumptuous, letting Tony exert more pressure without it turning obscene. It’s just easy movement, the ebb and flow against each other, a mutually beneficial give and take as Tony opens his mouth, panting for air that he hadn’t realized he needed.
Rogers makes a noise as he eats, and Tony can’t tell if it’s surprise or pleasure or shocked disapproval. He feels like he’s on the edge of his seat as he waits for a verdict.
Perhaps this is a dream after all, he thinks, reaching down for a flower. His fingertips brush the petals before shifting down over the thin stem, and he breaks it easily, about six inches down. It must be a dream, because his cosmos had only ever been vivid and electric in color, and yet these are close to the color of blood, a cherry-wood wine that smells utterly divine.
“I won’t,” Steve assures him. “Now, tell me what this little guy does.”
Pepper randomly comes to a stop, studying Steve more thoroughly than he thinks he’s ever been studied in his life. “I’ve spent entirely too long protecting Tony Stark to not have learned that the job includes protecting those who are on his side,” she tells him, direct but with a warmth in her eyes that he hadn’t seen in Malibu. “He makes a lot of enemies, quite frequently, but it’s very rare when he manages to find a friend.”
“You sure?” Tony says, squinting at him, an eyebrow quirked. “If you’re not careful, you could end up stranded. Happened to Nat, she got stuck in some wasteland one night and couldn’t think her way back. Of course, night is about as subjective here as anything else, so.”
“I’ve been asking myself for months,” Tony says, and the words are the kind that should rage against the dying light, but instead they're just resigned. When they look at each other, Steve can feel the exhaustion settling in. “I’ve been asking myself what I did wrong. Did I wait too long to give back the shield? Should I have had Pepper insist you stay with us? Should I have chased you down as soon as I knew you left town?”
“Not even my editor?” Steve says, to cover the way he doesn’t want anything to do with any of the women in front of them. They’re all beautiful, with miles of lush curls and shimmery shoulders, but that’s all, really.
He’s still not sure of where to go. He’s still not sure of what to do.
“But you.” Now Tony is shaking a finger in Steve’s direction, accusatory for reasons that Steve doesn’t quite get, but he remains steadfast nevertheless. “You ask me if I knew I’d come back out, implying that maybe I didn’t, that I might’ve known I could’ve gotten stuck up there, and suddenly I remember exactly how I felt at that moment in time.”
,” Tony says, and he flaps his arms about, earning Steve’s gaze and the special quirk to his mouth. “The other you. You know.”
“That’s why I wasn’t ready to come back,” he says, looking sideways to see nothing but patience and a willingness to listen, to understand. “If I’d come back before, I don’t know that I would have been able to say no. But I’m not ready to be Captain America again. I don’t know if I ever will be.”
Steve might be a fool, and Tony might be beautiful, and everything and nothing matters all at once.
“Make them use them,” Steve tells him. “That’s what you can do. Make sure everyone sticks together.”
“The oven takes longer,” Rogers points out, and as he peels a banana to cut into thin slices, Tony notices that his fork has stilled.
Hill, to her credit, is wise enough to ignore him. She’s probably spent a fair amount of time around Tony, he thinks savagely.
“Hey,” Steve says, sandwiching the phone between his ear and shoulder as he holds out a hand for Christina’s final choice. “Do you want me to sneak you anything from Burger King?”
Carol holds herself with both authority and grace, and Steve feels like she’s peeling him apart from the inside out as she sips steaming tea.
Most mornings he wakes up relieved, exhaling when he sees Peggy’s prone figure next to his. Current events occur as scheduled, newspaper headlines exactly as they should be. He’d been warned of the consequences of changing things, yet it all goes as it’s supposed to.
Steve can’t look away, and the right question comes to him.
“Very slim,” Steve says wryly, reaching out to snag the thin marled gray joggers, and Tony protests.
They stumble and all Steve can think is
Sam looks pointedly at Steve’s empty hand and then at the thrown phone, but doesn’t say anything besides a simple, “Sure. So you’ve said.”
His hand is covered in a fine layer of dust as he dumps the saved almonds into a small pile next to the LaCroix can, and he wipes it off on his thigh for lack of a better option. “Listen - Mr. Stark?”
It’s not a come-on, Steve tells himself firmly. Tony’s got Pepper and Steve’s got - he’s got - he’s got
“You have helped,” Rachel says, but he doesn’t believe it. “We’ve sent home so many kids.”
“Like a little lost puppy,” Clint coos, reaching up to ruffle Steve’s hair, and Steve lets him precisely once before ducking his head away. “Except, like, a human one who is an adult and knows how to suck dick.”
He swallows the unexpected tidal wave of emotion, weathers the storm until he feels steady, and clears his throat before speaking.
“With us,” Tony clarifies. “I mean, the way I figure, you’ve got a ton of people you could have ended up here with. Agent Carter has got to be around here somewhere, unless you’re worried about being a homewrecker in eternity.”
“I know that super-soldier metabolism of yours has to be working overtime right now,” he tries, hoping it’s not overly insensitive.
Everything around him is beautiful and content to simply exist, and he has no desire to deviate from the standard that’s been set.
“I know. Let me tell you - bullshit. Half the city of Houston is suddenly back, and nobody wants to get a fucking job. They want welfare. Some kind of retribution for what happened to them. As if it’s our fault they disappeared! They’re not getting a single dime of the taxes I’ve paid while they were gone. Well, they can kiss the government’s ass all they want, but no one is coming to save them. They’ll have to get back up on their feet all by themselves, stop looting all those stores.”
“We can move on,” Tony says, and Steve squeezes his hand before letting go, and the loss is greater than Tony would expect as he watches Steve rub his palms over the thighs of his thin sleep pants. “We let it be simple. We already agreed, we’re different from them. This only has to mean something if we let it.”
Tony hadn’t pointed out that the shield hadn’t belonged to him, that the shield had been Steve’s, but he knew better than to pick an argument when Steve’s mind was made up. He’d just sat there, mourning the loss of a man he hadn’t known even a fraction as well as he would have liked to, and let Steve do the same.)
“Is his name actually Bernard, or do we have another Joe situation on our hands?”
Steve hates that he’d paid close enough attention in the past that he can notice these things.
Steve hums in reply as Tony shows him one wing of the house. It doesn’t all fit together neatly in Steve’s head, he can’t immediately map out a floor plan, but he's learning that in this place not everything has to make sense on paper. The general layout reminds him of a semicircle, different wings branching off the center like rays of light, and Tony points out Natasha’s rooms before taking Steve on a too-brief tour of his own quarters.
Other times Tony catches Rogers watching the evening news while eating various fruits: overpriced chunks of pineapple from the bodega he likes to frequent; crisp green-skinned apples neatly sliced into equally sized wedges; ripe, juicy peaches that drip juice down his long, blunt fingers, with nary a napkin in sight; blueberries that he picks through one-by-one, graciously complaining minimally when Tony reaches over from the back of the couch to swipe an overflowing handful on his way out the door.
“I just wanted to know you,” Steve says. “I was young and stupid.”
“Hey, sleeping beauty.”
Wanda looks at him intently.
“Thought this was above your paygrade,” Tony says, eyebrows raised and a pen poking out the corner of his mouth. The pen is mostly for show - he hasn’t written down a single thing.
“Give Buck the phone so I can give him the address.”
Steve doesn’t want Tony to know that he had held onto that heart of his for five years, clinging to a possibility that he hadn’t known he wanted.
Tony rotates his wrist to consult his watch.
What now, indeed.
Confused, Steve works his jaw back and forth before responding. “I’m not a people pleaser,” he says, thinking that if anything, Tony’s the one refusing to double down on his convictions. “I’m doing my job, if you don’t mind. Now, if you don’t want to answer the question - ”
“He does,” she allows. “Which is why I almost slept with him.”
“Thank you,” he says, and it comes out rougher than he wants it to. “I don’t know how, but thank you.”
Steve books reservations even though he hates using his name for selfish reasons, and they sit through tasting menus even when it’s clear that Steve is unsure of every coming bite. Tony knows when to clear Steve’s plate for him and when to turn his own food over, loving that he can go purely off minute muscle twitches and still get it right every time.
“I don’t belong there,” Steve says.
Steve wants to tell him everything. He wants to tell Tony about how he’d loved another version of him, how Steve had realized too little too late, how everything in his universe had ended up in ruins because he’d been so ignorant and pig-headed. He’d been overwhelmingly selfish and now he’ll never get to apologize for it, and this version of Tony cannot absolve him. No one can.
Steve steps closer, the motions slow and deliberate.
Ultron is inescapable. Steve knows this, knows that no version of him is capable of stopping Tony’s genius when combined with his fear. Still, the team acts faster, acts as a
“I miss everyone,” Steve says, and saying it feels like a weight off his shoulders. “I’m just not ready to go back yet. I’ve got a place that feels like mine, that I helped build into what it is now, and that’s important to me.”
He misses everyone already, and he’s barely been away, but Tony distracts him as they drive further out of the city towards his house.
When Rogers comes by next, around Christmastime, Peggy has trouble keeping the two of them straight. Steve serves a roast and Rogers has brought a store-bought pie, looking for all the world like he can’t imagine a world where he knows how to cook an entire holiday feast. A consequence of flying under the radar and letting his wife’s career reign supreme, Steve tells him. Rogers tries to insist on helping with the dishes, but Steve orders him to keep Peggy company, and the entire thing feels very surreal.
“It was nice,” Steve allows, because sure, death is never pleasant no matter how predictable, but for a couple of days it had felt like a field trip for adults.
So Steve obediently gets to his feet, ready to follow wherever Tony will allow him.
He holds out the ice cream, and Steve makes sure to slurp at it obnoxiously.
Steve doesn’t want to talk about how he has nightmares of his own.
“No one ever said you were an idiot,” Tony tells him. “You were the only one with a complex about it.”
“ - we bringing home strays now?” he demands, eyes bright even from the far side of the row.
Steve looks at the flower crown, that same sweet-smelling dark red, and then looks at Tony. His hair is still catching the light, still lighter in some spots, and it’s easy to lift the cosmos and arrange them atop his head.
Utterly nonplussed, Steve watches her leave the kitchen like she owns the place.
“I know things!” he defends. “I personally experience the same mundane banalities as everyone else. Celebrities are just like us, you know.”
“Just remember what I told you,” Steve says, and the look in Tony’s eyes assures him that he remembers, and that he will always have something to live for. “I can only imagine what else you will go on to achieve, but I am sure it will be incredible.”
She says it blithely, tucking a strand of expensively highlighted blonde hair out of her face. Gold bracelets jangle and plink against each other as she moves, and Steve does his best not to do that thing where he flares his nostrils in annoyance.
“Always worry about you,” is Steve’s response, and Tony kisses him chastely before speeding up just enough for Steve to feel it.
“That’s it,” Tony says, putting his tablet down. “I’m evicting you both. That’s right, you too, Jim.”
It takes long minutes to come to full consciousness, and he drinks in his surroundings, bit by bit.
“You’re too good, you know that?” Steve just chews, because he disagrees, but gets the feeling that voicing that disagreement would be detrimental to the goal here. Not that he’s very clear on the goal in the first place, but that’s beside the point. That’s practically standard when it comes to dealing with Tony, he'd learned fast. “How do you always manage to know which questions I don’t want to answer?”
This, though?
“Good question,” Steve says, and Tony doesn’t have to look to know how he’s drawing closer. “You want to dig it up, don’t you.”
No matter what happens, Steve refuses to reconsider his decision to accept the interview. He’s spent the entire last week strengthening his own resolve - spurred on by his so-called friends ganging up on him to ask if he knows what he’s doing, if he’ll be able to evade Tony’s seductive clutches one more time, and if one more person implies that Steve isn’t capable of holding his own against a man he’d once had the strength to push away in the intimate backseat of a limousine, he’s going to start plotting his retreat from civilization - and as recently as this morning, posted up on his tiny snow-dotted balcony with his tongue-burning sugar-cookie-creamer-filled (thanks, Sam) coffee, had seriously considered emailing Maria Hill to bail on the entire thing.
He’s been making excuses for himself all night. It’s not like he’s got a ton of experience when it comes to interviewing flashy billionaire celebrities, and maybe this is what it’s always like. After all, he’s been itching for a breakthrough ever since GQ took a gamble and hired him, and from the moment less than twenty-four hours prior when Clint’d called in from his bathroom floor with a serious case of food poisoning courtesy of a Starbucks tuna fish sandwich, Steve’s known that this could be it. He’s ready for it, tired of wasting time on articles about the pros and cons of different brands of protein powder, tired of shitty black coffee and stolen sandwiches with wilted lettuce and too much mayo left in the conference room after sales lunches, tired of staring at the giant crack in the water-stained ceiling directly above his secondhand lumpy mattress.
The wooden chairs are just as sturdy as he remembers, wrapping his fingers around the back of one and pushing his weight down for a second. The seat doesn’t even creak under the force, and Tony casts a look around at the space to note the way the evening light bathes everything in a golden glow. It’s pretty, sure, dust motes floating in the air like diamond particles, but he’s going to get hungry soon, and a bad mood usually isn’t far behind that, so he doesn’t spend too long romanticizing the empty house.
He’s stroking over the bridge of Steve’s nose and standing dangerously close when Steve’s hit with another wave of deja vu. He isn’t even sure of what jumpstarts it this time, only that one moment he’s irritated with Tony’s forwardness and the next he’s remembering a dream full of laughter and kisses sucked into tender junctions.
“I think people would miss me too much,” Tony says confidently. “Right?”
“The house isn’t in my name,” Tony states, and it’s true. The house legally belongs to Denise and Josie. “It’s not mine.”
“I might be able to clear part of my weekend for you,” he says, keeping his tone nonchalant. “Now that I think about it, you really do need supervision. Can’t trust you on your own, isn’t that what you were just saying?”
“And here I was,” Tony says, and he’s got that look again, the one that isn’t hurt. “Thinking I might get a chance to have some fun with you off the clock.”
“The other you,” Steve says, and it’s so gentle that Tony is taken aback by it. “He was in love with the other you. That’s what I meant by, he did everything because of you.”
Steve tilts his head to the side as he contemplates the contents of the fridge and Tony gets a mug for coffee.
“Literally, stop flirting,” Natasha says from where Tony had assumed she’d been sleeping in a seat not five feet away from them. Her eyelids don’t even twitch.
“Thank you,” he says, heavy with emphasis, hoping that Tony understands.
After that, he’d launched into an explanation of the history behind his repulsor technology while attempting to convince Steve that handing him the tools he needed wasn’t that tall of an order (“There was that one time I nearly turned Rhodey into pink mist, but I swear that was a fluke and had nothing to do with human error - you’ve just got longer arms than I do and this is bad for my back, c’mon - ”). Steve had respectfully declined, citing a rather favorable regard for his own wellbeing, and Tony had pouted for half a second before launching into a tirade against OSHA regulations.
Steve knows that Tony doesn’t like getting in the water, so he lets Morgan wrap herself around him and he swims out as far as he can without disappearing from Tony’s sight. Morgan loves it, plastered to his back so she can breathe as he keeps his head underwater. When he finally emerges and shakes his hair at her, she cries out in delight. He treads water for a while as Morgan twists Steve’s hair between her little fingers and tells him he needs a headband.
“This is my husband,” Peggy says smoothly, pouring out orange juice for the three of them. “Tony, this is Steve.”
“Wait, look, Tony, hold on.”
Eventually they all make it back to their own desks, and in the hour until their editor will slither into his corner office, Steve occupies himself by combing over every last punctuation mark and ensuring that he hasn’t accidentally misspelled a single word. He’s deliberating over the last line, the sentence highlighted with his index finger hovering over the delete button, when Natasha swings by and announces her presence by tossing a cellophane-wrapped blueberry muffin in his lap.
Steve wonders how a man can live so many lives, and have none of them feel complete.
But he doesn’t finish that thought, and Steve doesn’t ask him to.
“I hope you mean drive as in, in a car,” Steve says with due wariness, unsurprised that Tony knows exactly where he lives.
Even now, though, he can’t see why that Steve had wanted to. If he’d truly loved his Tony, it wasn’t as though going back would fix anything. His Tony had -
It’s a little like staring into the sun, burning bright and beautiful and knowing it will only hurt you.
Morgan plants a hand on her hip, nails a chipped electric magenta, and frowns. “Why not?”
So he navigates away from the name, locks his phone, and finishes the dregs of his coffee. He’ll take till Monday to sleep on it, and then - and then -
“Steve,” he interrupts. “It’s Steve. None of this ‘Mr. Rogers’ bullshit.”
“I want the full story,” he says seriously, licking his lips after a full sip of lemonade. “None of whatever bullshit you’ve been feeding Fury and Rogers. I want to know what’s been going on.”
“I’m telling Denise on him,” Serena tells Christina, who shakes her head rapidly.
The sun creates a halo around his head, golden and ephemeral and animating all the auburn strands woven in amongst the darker brown. Steve can see the way the light catches and bends, near blinding in its beauty and the hairs startlingly prism-like for something so alive.
“Oh,” Steve says, his voice a small thing carried away by the fleeting breeze. “I’m glad you’re both here, then.”
Tony squints at him, partially in disbelief but mostly because he can’t get a read on the guy for the life of him. There’s an urge to make fun of the same person who voluntarily donated his live body to science, but he just sips his own drink - from the rim, like a normal person - and waits for another potentially less offensive thought to enter his brain.
He’s babbling, and Steve gets it. He’s nervous too.
“He’s probably a fan,” Tony says, ego still wounded from the way he’d gone unrecognized and ignored in the bakery.
(“It’s me or the suits,” she’d said, nails gripping the edge of the open elevator, hastily packed bag thrown over her shoulder. “Because I told you after Miami, I wasn’t doing this again. Never again. And you said - ”
“Just asking,” Sam says, which is a blatant lie because Sam is never just asking anything. He’s worse than any journalist Steve’s ever worked with in that way, and some days he likes to threaten that he wishes he’d never struck up conversation with the only other person on his running route who could even remotely come close to matching his pace. “Hey, who knows. Maybe he’s into the caveman look.”
Fury calls to express his condolences, and Steve still refuses to tell him anything, much to the man’s strongly verbalized chagrin. He’d never known the director knew so many swear words.
Steve has never spent much time around the man, leaving Peggy to work with him as she did often in the years after the war. His voice has always been too familiar, a lesser experience of what he’s undergone with Tony. He is a good man and Steve trusts him, trusts that he had called because he trusts them as well.
“Did they?” Tony asks, leaning in with interest just as fresh as it was hours before when Steve first began to unravel the threads of his life for him.
Steve supposes there is no one left to say goodbye to.
He’s stripping off his safety glasses - perched on the top of his wild nest of hair, thank you very much - and gloves, tossing them on the closest flat surface while striding over.
Tony finally pops upright as Steve fumbles for a seatbelt that never quite materializes.
“Try not to make me look too bad.”
Steve shoves his hands in his pockets and searches for the words.
He gorges himself on minuscule crab cakes and Kobe sliders. The open bar has his favorite scotch but that doesn’t stop him from swigging champagne whenever it’s handed to him. In the back of his mind he’s aware of Rogers’ hulking form, poured into expertly tailored dress blues (military event then, probably) and politely shaking hands with everyone vying for his attention. He looks like he’d rather be anywhere else, starched and uncomfortable with a perpetually full flute of champagne looking like a doll’s accessory in his expansive hands.
That’s his job, though. Just like it’s Steve’s to zero in and extract answers to the difficult questions, it’s Tony’s to make people feel seen and special.
Without realizing it, he’d hinged everything on his honesty. It had seemed so simple: if Steve Rogers was able to tell Tony Stark the truth about what happened to his parents, if he didn’t hide it, if he was able to be honest with his friend, it would change everything.
“...Don’t be a stranger,” Tony finishes.
“Can we get a picture?” one of them asks, her round hazel eyes earnest, and Steve forces himself to relax. “We just - we never thought we’d run into Captain America here.”
“You got here fast,” she comments.
“Tony called,” she says, expression unreadable. “Said to tell you he’s sorry.”
It’s not a pretty story, he’ll admit. He probably shouldn’t have refused to relocate when Steve hunted him down, hiding from his responsibilities in the last place anyone would ever expect him to be: his office in Avengers Tower. The locale is stiff, impersonal, decorated by a professional who has no idea what Tony likes or needs, based on the gargantuan polished mahogany desk taking up an obscene amount of space in the middle of the room.
The first time is awkward until Steve asks about Morgan. He learns that her current favorite color is aquamarine and she loves penguins. She’s going through a phase where she’s scribbling on everything, and Pepper is fighting a losing battle when it comes to keeping her artistic tendencies confined to appropriate surfaces. Last week she took scented markers to Pepper’s snow-white duvet, and Tony confides that he thinks she does it on purpose. According to him, she’s too smart for there to be any other reason, and Steve secretly agrees.
“Of course,” Fury says. “Of course you know about Carol. Goddamnit, Rogers. This is it, isn't it?”
Tony’s breathing is that alert off-beat staccato, and that in itself grounds Steve enough that he can resist the urge to fist the sheets in his boundless frustration, the agony of having no idea what’s going on and where he belongs in it. He hates that Tony can come along and shake the very foundation of the almost-home he’s helped build, and more than anything, he hates that more than a decade of knowing each other has cemented the fact that there’s nothing he can do about it.
“Why not?”
Tony slides his way back to Steve’s mouth, hands covering his shoulders, his biceps, his sides - he’s everywhere, and Steve is suffocating. He does his best to reciprocate, fingers scrabbling through the sea of starched fabric until he finds skin and strokes just above Tony’s belt. The moan that earns him reverberates pleasantly, slithering down Steve’s throat to the center of his chest where he just knows it’s going to take up residence until the end of time.
“Of course,” Steve assures immediately. Because he can, he can take the box home and shove it somewhere where it never again has to see the light of day. He can do that for Tony.
“I had to help her with her tights,” Steve reminisces. “They were so tight. And then I told her to never take fashion advice from Nat ever again.”
“And that’s how I convinced the murder twins to come home with me,” the disembodied voice says, and Steve fiddles with the knob on the complicated microwave. “Easy peasy, when you think about it. Turns out the promise of warm shelter and a credit card kind of overrides the urge to enact revenge, at least when it comes to the youth of today.”
“Wait,” he says quickly, and he can sense her annoyance rising exponentially.
Yeah, he realizes. He does.
Thirdly, Steve has learned that Tony trusts Rhodes implicitly and unconditionally. If Iron Man does in fact retire for good, or even temporarily, Rhodes is prepared to take over the team and fill the space Tony will leave behind. It’s almost hard to listen to the bare admiration as Tony talks about how long they’ve known each other and how many times Rhodes has come to his aid, a deeply-forged friendship that transcends the conventional definition of the word, and Steve voices his gratitude for War Machine’s willingness to step in.
“ - Don’t understand why we’re doing this,” a distinctive voice is complaining, and as Happy’s bulk shifts out of the doorway, Steve’s attention is irresistibly drawn to the person already seated in the back of the car. “What’s with the jaunt down the street, she didn’t spend enough time with her personal trainer this week?”
But she never does, and for that he is infinitely grateful. Navigating this era of his life isn’t easy, and at times he feels so alone and so unsure, but it’s the best he could give himself. He figures after all those years, sacrificing and saving and hurting to the bone, this is the least he deserves to have.
“Can we just - ”
“I think I’d like to learn,” Steve says thoughtfully, reaching out and snagging a lemon-pepper chicken. It’s still steaming in its packaging. “If the other me could do it, surely I can.”
Steve can’t quite believe his ears.
“I know, darling.”
Tony’s all casual indulgence, arms laid out horizontally on the pool ledge behind him with his bare chest on display in the glowing moonlight. He’s the perfect shade of tan with the perfect amount of sparsely curling chest hair, looking at Steve through lids a little too low and amused to be strictly professional, and that
Steve clears his throat. “Yeah, that’s not going to work for me.” He hopes he sounds sure of himself. “I’m sure it’s secure, but I work best with my subject in front of me. So If you can’t make that happen, then I’m not sure you chose the right guy after all.”
He’s long since made his peace with it. There’s no use in thinking about what he could have done differently, or better. Not since none of it makes a damn bit of difference to the one person Steve would do things differently for.
Steve can’t ask, mere mortal strength overpowered by fear of the unknown, especially when up against a man who might as well be a god, for as separate as they’ve always been. He’s never been able to reach out and touch Tony, not really, not whenever he’s wanted to, for the gaping chasm between them and the fact that Tony’s been comfortable upon his pedestal since they first met.
“Did you love him?” she asks, and there’s no judgment to color her tone. There’s nothing except a desire to know, to understand.
“Try me,” Tony insists defiantly, bratty and beautiful and not his,
“Of course,” Tony mutters. Then, louder: “You’re a real pain in my ass, you know that?”
But then Tony pushes off the wall, dips down under the warm water for a few horrifying long seconds where Steve panics and wonders whether or not he can swim, if the excess of liquor and lack of adequate food has had the worst kind of effect. Of course, Tony pops up easily, having traversed half the distance between them, and pushes his dripping hair back off his forehead in a way that draws Steve’s naked wanting gaze.
This Tony will live a poor imitation of a childhood. He will be betrayed far too often and loved far less than he deserves, will lose his parents and gain an arc reactor and try his best to cobble together a life for himself after it all. This Tony has been dealt the same hand, and as much as Steve wants to change it all for the better, he is terrified of what will happen if he does.
“We live to die. We see death over and over, until its arrival begins to feel like that of a friend beckoning us on a new great adventure. The sacrifice comes easy, something we plan for, something we are no longer afraid of. But Tony,
“You think you’ve got my number, huh?” Tony teases. He lifts a hand to rub the side against his mouth before taking another drag.
“You’re welcome,” Steve manages to get out, and he straightens and does up the single button on his jacket, if only to attempt to disguise the lingering evidence of their encounter until he’s securely tucked away in his room.
“I don’t know, maybe they are in their den,” Tony said, turning back to look at the man. He was still staring at the cage with concern.
He had joined the theatre club on his first day of freshman year, climbed the ranks, left a strong impression upon the theatre professor on his third year, and now, on his final year, on his last hurrah, his role was given to some alpha punk who walked into the room at the exact wrong time.
Tony wished he could hug the man. Instead, he reached out to hold Steve’s hand, “I’m so sorry.”
“Is this Howard Stark part of the Avengers?” Steve asked.
“No, and that’s final,” Howard snarled.
“Does… doesn’t excuse me…” Tony sighed.
Tony said nothing, staring at a patch of crookedly placed cement. He wasn’t going to pour his entire miserable history with this virtual stranger who forced himself onto Tony. The sooner the dom realized that he wasn’t going to pour out his deepest secrets, the sooner the pain would be over with.
“Howard knew about Steve’s dreams of being an actor,” Tony said almost desperately. Finally letting the demons out after all these years, “he would have destroyed those dreams before they were even realized. It’s better this way.”
so much. Tony will think you are Ransom by
Sarah Rogers shook her head, smiling, thinking that, though she was getting on in years, she was athletic, feeling no symptoms of any kind, and loving life.
Steve stopped talking to Bucky, hibernating in his new apartment. The apartment was a piece of shit, but it was all Steve could afford on such short notice. When he was not working, he was in bed. When he wasn’t in bed, he was watching Tony’s and Ransom’s home from a safe distance. He was telling himself that he was doing this to protect Tony, that it was under Ransom’s wishes, but he couldn’t quite convince himself. He didn’t know the passage of time. Everything seem to blur, and, though he desperately wanted company, he couldn’t bear the thought of sharing a bed with some stranger, or even someone he knew.
They dressed quickly before heading towards breakfast as the next set of prisoners headed towards the showers. Rogers wrapped an arm around Tony, waving and bumping hands with some of the other prisoners before sitting next to a quiet dom and sub.
“I have to get to work,” Tony seethed.
Tony nodded, his well of hope flooded by grief for another friendship lost and acceptance. There was no reasoning with
“Yeah but you need to choose someone who isn’t…” Greg wrinkled his face, “male. Someone who can help you continue the family line.”
’ Steve thought to himself, but said, “I’m looking.”
“Hey Aiden, I’m taking my lunch break!” Steve called back, grabbing the danish, ignoring Bucky, before leaving the store after Tony.
“Oh, oh, it is exactly like that. You are trying to seduce another man’s husband- what’s worse! Your own brother’s omega!” Bucky snapped, “you’re trying to steal your brother’s family!”
”what?” Steve blinked but Greg deemed the conversation was over, going back to flirt with Ms. Potts.
Steve harrumphed as the two traded spit.
“What?” Steve gasped through a sip of expresso, “what about Tony and the kids.”
Steve smiled and leaned forward, forgetting himself. Tony coughed, “I better put this in a safe place, away from the kids.”
“Captain-“
“Yes, yes of course,” Steve said with a dopey smile.
“Yeah- how do you know?” Steve asked.
He ditched the laptop immediately, opting to help the patrons out to the coffee shop. As he united a child with her mother, he was literally thrown into the fray by a ugly green alien- and god, for a moment he was flabbergasted by the idea that aliens
“On it,” Jan said, leaving the room.
“That’s not protection I’m seeing. Do you even meet people that he doesn’t approve of first?” Steve asked.
Tony led the both of them through the garage, the yard, before stopping at the guest house, turning to Steve, “this is where we part.”
“Steve… I don’t love Bruce…” Tony said, confusion evident in his voice, “why would you think that?”
“Tony? What’s wrong honey?”
“Because I can go pretty damn fast-“ Steve began.
Saying goodbye to Peter one last time, Tony left the house in a hurry.
, took him to his cell, “in this prison, we assign doms to subs.”
Fuck, he was, maybe he could cancel on Sasha- but it would be incredibly rude to cancel on the same day for a date wouldn’t it? Tony liked Sasha. Not in that way but-
And Rhodey heard enough, “apologize to Tony.”
He wanted to cry. He wanted to scream. He wanted to run and hide from the world. But his body froze, knowing that if he broke the rules, he would suffer a harsh punishment.
“Bucky, stop defending me! I can fight my own battles,” Rogers shouted, shoving his friend back.
Then the man promptly passed out.
“Bucky, it’s not like that-“
“I’m getting deployed.”
Tony relaxed, whimpering softly when he felt Steve’s finger slide in.
“This is not a game,” Greg picked up Tony’s phone from the side table and typed something into it, “here’s her number, I’ve arranged a meeting place at a nice coffee shop.”
“Tony… do you know something?”
“I resent that-“ the robot began but the man in the red suit waved a hand to stop it from speaking.
“Greg keeps a close eye on you. He wouldn’t tell us anything about you,” she circled him, “why you? Why did the ten rings kidnap you and not your brother?”
The dom sighed, walking towards the small sink and washing his face before pissing into the side toilet as Tony stood, wearily staring. The dom’s cock, though flaccid, was huge. Bigger than Obi’s and that had done a lot of damage. Tony swallowed quietly.
While most people would be apologetic and go about their day, the man brightened at those words and that smile was so reminiscent of his childhood posters that he knew who the man was instantly, “Tony then. I’m Steve. Steve Rogers.”
Tony stayed stark still, frozen under Steve’s slack body, though his walls continued to milk Steve’s cock.
That night, when Steve went to drop Sharon off, she turned to him, voice soft and non accusing, “you’re in love with your brother’s husband, aren’t you?”
Tony stared at his phone screen, whispering, “can you give me everything you know about Steve Roger’s, J?”
The red and gold robot snapped in the cacophony of voices, “poor guy just got defrosted
Tony smiled shyly and waved back. He didn’t get close to his neighbors; he just didn’t have the time. If he wasn’t working, he was taking care of Peter. As much as he wanted to know the hottie next door, he just didn’t have the time for pleasantries.
Tony’s doe eyes widened, “you can’t-“
Steve looked away. He couldn’t looke at Bucky, not at the friend he knew all his life. His face would give it all away. Or, worse, he’d give it all away to Bucky. He couldn’t tell him, no matter how much he wanted to, it was part of the deal.
The dom took the empty trays and left. When he returned he curled around Tony, spooning him. It was nice, having a warm body wrapped around his cold clammy one.
Steve couldn’t help think about what she said. About what Tony had said. It was true, he wanted a family. But he wanted a family with Tony.
“But?” Nat asked.
Whether he was close to sobbing or laughing hysterically, he wasn’t quite sure, his eyes glazing over, “no!”
“You did nothing wrong, my love,” Steve said quietly, quickly realizing the problem. Tony had finished before Steve had and… that was a horrible offense in Tony’s eyes.
“Green means go, yellow means slow down, and red means stop. Repeat it, love,” Steve said against Tony’s lips.
“Right, we should be thankful that the Starks, Hydra’s mistress and eyes, kept Captain America’s memory alive,” Clint said sarcastically.
Tony tried to swim towards the ship, but it was no use. The ship sailed at a pace too quick for him to follow. He let the waves drag him back to shore, throwing him on the sandy beach. He curled his knees towards his chest and wept.
He took several minutes to calm down enough to turn around, “what?”
Miraculously, the robot was more human than the actual humans in the room. Steve burst out laughing despite himself. The other people in the room grinned tentatively.
“Ok, baby, hang onto me, I’m going to move,” Steve kissed Tony’s tear stained cheek as he pulled out slowly.
The others just stared at him at his outburst.
Gregory always had one over him. He was the first born by 15 seconds, something he’d always lorded over Tony since childhood. He was the outgoing one, he was the smart one, the one who had it all, the heir.
“Is it weird to want to learn about Greg’s twin brother?”
“It’s fine Steve, there’s a lot more omegas in the sea. You can have your pick!” Bucky laid out his arms as Nat came back into the cafe floor. Buck wrapped one arm around his girl, “As long as it’s not Natasha.”
They both were. They have been arguing about this for days, since Bucky was self aware enough to understand what happened to him. Bucky would start asking questions and Steve would circumvent and give half truths, even though he wanted to shout the truth into the clouds. He couldn’t. It was driving them both insane.
“Color?” Steve asked.
Tony looked up in those crystal blue earnest eyes and- Fuck. He couldn’t say no to a pretty man. Ty was the proof of that.
“I- I called to tell you that. Bye-“
“Alright, I’ll do it,” Steve promised.
“I- this is an honor, Mr. Rhodes,” Steve said, eyes shining bright.
Rogers smirked, tearing off his own clothes, muscles rippling. Tony couldn’t help but be caught in the sight like a deer in headlights. Obadiah was not an attractive man, far from it, but Rogers… he was a specimen of human perfection. When Rogers caught Tony watching, Tony lifted his chin up in defiance. Roger smirked.
“It better be,” Bucky snarled, “70 fucking years is a long fucking ass time!”
“That’s why you’re so weary of strangers,” Steve said.
Steve found Tony just sitting at the kitchen table, just… waiting. Not even watching the television playing. He looked… sad.
“-o I said, ‘seriously, Clint? An arrow in the milk carton, again?’” Steve complained, “and he said, ‘I gotta stake my claim.’ The audacity of the man!”
“Oh, nothing I suppose,” Tony said wistfully.
“He died along with his hopes and dreams,” Tony quipped.
“Stevie, you can’t tell me that you got a role in an ‘omegan drama,’” one of the alpha’s laughed.
He saw his brother in military fatigues and damn that made it all real.
“Tony Stark, you know he’s going to be Tony Stane soon,” Bucky said conversationally.
The portly man laughed like Steve said the funniest joke in the world.
The dom huffed but did nothing. Tony waited. He waited until the dom’s breathing relaxed and evened out. Then and only then, did he allow the tears to spill.
reverberated throughout the field. No one stepped forward. No one went to stop Rogers.
“Greg, please,” Tony pleaded, sensing this was a losing battle, “there’s… there’s a flash drive on the table in the living room… It has the model for the mark seven and more… just take it and go.”
“Tony Carbonall,” Reed explained, “you haven’t met him but he’s the one the initial creators of the Avengers resistance. He recruited all of us. He’s quite secretive himself but we believe in his cause and that he’s doing the right thing. He works for Stark Industries but as a cover, that’s how he said he met Iron man. I’m sure you’ll meet him when we hit land.”
The man was tall, taller than Tony and well muscled in a way that made Tony blush. Tony had stared at the man occasionally through the window, watching the man work in his front yard. He was totally Tony’s type. Young, strong, fair haired. He made Ty look like a twig with limbs.
“You know why, Tony,” Greg grinned but it didn’t reach his eyes, “we aren’t children anymore. You have to grow out of your… gay phase sometime.”
“Lord Rogers has a right to know!” The dark skinned Fae snapped, glaring at Steve, “Prince Stark is with child.
Steve just flipped him the bird while continuing to kiss Tony. Tony moaned loudly and obscenely in retaliation and Steve smiled against his lips, knowing exactly what Tony was doing and loving it. Clint just sighed, “goddamn it. This is worse than when Nat and Bucky got together.”
Tony led the both of them to the parking complex.
Tony never thought he would be a parent. After what he experienced with his own father, his younger self swore never to have children. That was until he saw Peter’s big round eyes, messy dark hair, and bright smile; he knew in his heart that he was a goner.
“What?” The blonde alpha’s eyes widened as the dark haired alpha quickly went to his friend’s defense, “it’s not like Stevie is actually going to play the part.”
“Truly,” Steve kissed each eyelid before he claimed Tony’s mouth, “I love you. I’m sorry.”
“I’m Jan Pym,” the tiny creature said before reverting back to a regular human size.
“-I’m telling you, Rhodey bear! It’s complete bullshit! The alpha wasn’t even a part of the casting call! I checked!” Tony raised his hands to the sky.
Tony held his false heart, “ye-yeah… it’s ok… I’ll be fine. Just… give me a minute.”
“Get out,” Tony snapped.
“Ransom doesn’t like it when I tinker at home. He turned my old lab into a nursery. I’m supposed to do the home chores. I mean, I’m sure there’s something to vacuum…” Tony said standing up.
Steve hung his head. He knew he was in the wrong, that Bucky was right, but he couldn’t help feeling betrayed.
“I… I’m coming in,” Tony said, a strange feeling washing over him as he opened the door.
“Get dressed,” the dom ordered.
It had to be the sub’s fault. Never the dom’s.
Tony blinked as he saw the blond haired man in the house next door wave at Tony as he was heading towards his beat up car.
“It’s the question I ask myself every day,” Tony sighed, “what about you, what are you doing here?”
The next few- minutes? Hours? Felt like a blur. There was soft laughter and applause at some point.
“I did, I did say butts,
“-America, you know how monumental this is-“
Tony followed Steve, flushing lightly as Steve began to talk about his day. It was sweet. Almost like having a friend. Tony didn’t have any friends. He didn’t have friends for a long time.
“Then your holy matrimony has been sealed from the earth to the stars,” the gruff older voice stated, “you may kiss the groom.”
“Captain, there’s a reason why we decided to head into the Pacific in a sub aircraft,” Reed explained, “we were hoping to find your body to boost morale. We had no idea that you were still alive or we would have looked sooner.”
Steve stepped up on stage, sweating profusely. He took the script and looked at it briefly. It was Hamlet.
Rogers did the unthinkable. He sat down, pulling the other burlier dom onto his lap, took Hammer’s pants down and began spanking him. Rogers was spanking another dom. Right in front of everyone. For Tony. There was no mistaking it. This was for Tony.
“You know,” the man said coyly, voice soft, “be mine.”
’ thing all too well!” Bucky accused.
Tony quickly put on his orange prison uniform and left the room, feeling the promise running its course through his mind. He had to get out of here. Even if it took sucking someone’s cock to do it. He wasn’t subbing for anyone. Never again.
“He’s dropping,” the guard said, “must have been dropping for some time. Poor kid.”
“Tony, I don’t want you to be a secret. I think it’ll do you some good to meet my friends, the team.”
It took a little bit before Tony found the words to speak, “no… no, you have mistaken me for another guy.”
They even averted their eyes when Tony took off his clothes. Rogers didn’t. He stared and took in his fill, cool blues taking in Tony’s exposed skin greedily. Tony shivered involuntarily, trying to cover his privates discreetly.
He shook his head. He could meet his childhood hero if he wanted to. No one could stop him, especially not Greg.
Tony didn’t have the money to call for a babysitter, but Peter has shown time and time again that he was more than able to take care of himself when Tony was in a pinch so Tony was used to leaving his son alone.
“See you soon. :)”
before going dark completely. Steve cautiously approached the robotic figure, cursing quietly for not bringing his only weapon with him.
“You want to talk?” Steve asked.
“Prince Stark,” Steve gasped, “why are you so far from your kingdom.”
It was what his mother always told him. When his father became a raging drunk and beat him and his mother, she held him in that ratty room and said, “we’ll get through this,
“What? Want to assassinate our only hope while we have our backs turned?” Clint challenged.
“I have a job for you. It’s quite sensitive,” portly man said, “do you know Tony Stark?”
Assuming that this is where Tony means for the interview to take place - if he ever returns, Steve thinks with a strangled laugh - Steve sits down in one of the armchairs to review the questions he’s supposed to ask.
“Tony - ”
“Especially in a professional capacity, but I mean at all,” Steve says.
Tony is beautiful, and he looks like a burning flame even in the night, and Steve swears, if it’s the last thing he ever does, he will not extinguish this.
“Tony, my hair is not a fan of the weather today,” she says, still on her phone. “Either close the door or get in.”
Today, though? After meeting more superheroes than most people will see up close in a lifetime and watching them putter around their private living quarters?
Natasha just sighs, and Steve moves to pat her knee affectionately, rubbing a thumb over bone and hoping that she knows as innately as he now does that the three of them were meant to be reunited, were meant to find that which they’d never been able to while alive.
“And what else did he tell you?” Tony asks, hoping that Steve won’t notice him prying. Of course, it’s fruitless and Steve notices.
“If you’re worried about blue balls being a problem - ”
It gives the effect of cutting the two of them off from the masses, and Steve isn’t sure what to do with that.
Morgan refuses to hug Pepper goodbye and just heads for the front door, which must be a common enough occurrence that Pepper doesn’t seem too bothered by it.
They walk and talk about how ridiculous city officials are, and bet on whether Bruce or Natasha will be most upset with them for ditching. Steve points out that Natasha will be livid while Bruce will merely be disappointed, and they debate which is worse until the sun begins to set. They find a hot dog stand and load up with mustard and sauerkraut, and Steve narrowly avoids dripping down his front as they walk around the reservoir, the sun slipping low in the sky to indicate how much time has passed.
“Fireworks,” Tony says, snapping his fingers. “I knew I was forgetting something.”
“Hey, Tony,” he says, wary.
“You planning on staying the night?”
Steve bumps their hips together, fingers squeezing Tony’s.
“Many big things will happen,” he acknowledges. “And I care very much.”
And then the end of the year rolls around, and the Mandarin attacks the Malibu house with Tony inside.
He doesn’t have to think about it before he’s on his feet, arms extended. Another thing he often forgets is how these older kids know what they’re missing, and where all the gaps in their lives might be. So he lets Bonnie cling to him for as long as she needs, gently rocking back and forth.
Tony angles himself towards Steve’s open sprawl, and wonders if he’s played right into Steve’s hand.
“I can say no if you want me to,” Steve interrupts.
It’s a mark of how awful his mood is that he doesn’t even react to that.
Steve can’t breathe, can only shake his head and feel like maybe, just maybe, this conversation is happening years too late.
Tony’s face goes shadowy, but lightens just as quickly. “I did say that,” he murmurs, and there’s a pause where Steve thinks about retracting his acquiescence, if only to avoid whatever tempting brand of illicit thoughts dance behind Tony’s eyes. It’s not that Steve’s self-centered enough to be convinced that Tony is thinking about him - it’s the principle of the matter, which is that he shouldn’t care very much in the first place. But then Tony’s lifting off the chaise with all the agility of a man who routinely pilots a very heavy suit with impressive maneuverability at high speeds, and Steve follows.
Tony assembles everything in a bowl, then takes the seat directly next to Rogers, just for the hell of it.
to screaming.
Steve’s throat feels parched, and he finds himself wishing he’d taken at least half a sip of champagne. As it is, the soda he’s been nursing for most of the night is greatly diluted by sweating ice cubes, and he casts a look at it before determining that it’s not worth the watered-down taste.
It’s an obvious yes, though.
It takes more effort than it should to jam the rising groan down his throat. Steve tries not to make a habit out of being rude to people who’re looking to hire him, but he’s running on about one complete REM cycle, his usual morning circuit has been interrupted by new construction, and his fingertips are veering towards frostbitten. To stop himself from tearing into the poor woman tasked with contacting him - he scoffs in the back of his throat at the phrasing, wondering what the hell he’s still doing in Tony Stark’s mental Rolodex after all these years - at an hour when birds have barely begun chirping and the sun is still merely peeking up over the horizon, he clamps his mouth shut and runs a hand through his hair.
Steve merely chuckles, and can hear his doppelganger exhale.
“Man, I could’ve told you that,” he says, and Steve has to resist the urge to grip the wheel with all he’s got. “Bucky, tell him. Tell him it’s not a coincidence that they officially split and then suddenly Tony’s all over him.”
The man just blinks from where his head is propped on his fist, and Tony wonders if he’s been sleeping with his eyes half open or what.
Tony is beautiful.
Peter gets hilariously pink and tipsy, determinedly quiet in order to avoid embarrassing himself, and Steve respects that. Wanda doesn’t drink, and as she directs the dishes to soak in the sink with practiced hand motions, Steve leans over to whisper to Tony over their freshened drinks.
Tony rubs the pads of his fingers over what must be a phantom headache, turning around to look at something that Steve can’t see. Steve just watches him, his frame silhouetted against the black, almost all the house lights off. He doesn’t know what to do, whether to suggest they turn in for the night or try to wrap up everything with a neat bow, but then Tony makes the decision for him.
Steve gets sucked into some water game with Clint’s kids and Peter, fingers beyond pruney as Tony gets up and disappears inside for a bit.
“You trusted me,” Tony says, and now he’s angry, hands clenched into fists and words dripping with loathing. “You trusted me to ferry you onto a private plane, and you didn’t get sick so I convinced myself you were capable of consenting, and then I tricked you into a guest room so that when it was over, I could leave you alone and sleep without a guilty conscience.”
“I want to go on the roller coasters,” she demands, and Tony uses a hand on the edge of the counter to stand up. Steve wants to help him, a firm but gentle hand under an arm, but just swirls the wine around.
“Heard some of your pals paid you a visit,” Tony says, managing to sound nonchalant and bothered at the same time.
“I guess I get it,” Tony says, hand still close enough to Steve’s shoulder that he imagines warmth emanating from it. “You got the girl, told your other self to pull his head out of his ass, and tried to stop me from causing World War III. Makes enough sense.”
There’s really no good argument against that, so Steve nods once. Tony turns around, some sort of signal that has the driver opening the front door and coming around to open the back for them. Steve crosses the distance with measured steps and pours all of his concentration into standing perfectly still as he waits for Tony to finish getting in the expansive leather backseat. He doesn’t watch as Tony undoes the button of his jacket, launching sideways to sprawl heavily, but he does hesitate because he knows that as good of a show Tony might be able to put on, he’s not of sound judgment and Steve doesn’t want to allow a grave error to take place.
“I think I’m alright,” Steve says, looking out at the empty street before them. He’s absolutely gorgeous like this, truly inhuman, and it’s mildly disconcerting with how he’s holding Tony’s hand again, thumb stroking against Tony’s skin.
It’s a sophisticated building, futuristic and impersonal when Steve is granted access. There’s a brief moment during which he considers hovering just inside the entrance, but thinks that he’s been left alone and might as well take advantage of the opportunity to poke around. Of course, as luck would have it, most of the doors and halls he encounters greet him with a dissonant buzzing and a lilting accented voice informing him that he doesn’t have the clearance required to bypass the security parameters.
He contemplates slipping away, gently and slowly until they never have to touch each other ever again.
It’s not worth it, so Tony leaves it.
“That’s it? Okay? You’re not going to defend yourself with some all-important speech? You’re pretty good at those.”
“Well - first we tried to salvage the shield, but that didn’t really work out. We’ve got quite a few weapons of mass destruction around, but turns out you can’t reverse engineer things that way. Thor thought he could work some Asgardian magic on it, but nothing successful. So I scanned the specs, and may have spent the last - how many months has it been? Nine-ish? Eight? Anyway. I’ve been trying to negotiate with T’Challa, but he’s one stingy bastard, let me tell you.”
“We worked together,” is all he says, but it’s the most he can offer her right now while he’s still trying to sort it out himself.
When the day arrives, they are all ready.
“Come here,” she’ll say instead, and he’ll gather her up in his arms, swaying on the linoleum in their kitchen. Sometimes there will be music floating from the radio, and sometimes the soundtrack consists of nothing more than birds chirping and insects buzzing, filtering in through the open window over the sink.
It’s not his Tony.
Tony calls and Steve tells him about texting with Sam, who is over the moon about finally being able to keep in touch with some more consistency. They compare stories about the goings-on at the compound, figuring out where the truth has been stretched, and Tony exaggerates just as badly as Sam does. Orange juice has been banned from the premises after an altercation involving Red Wing and a visit from Peter Parker, and there’s minimal twinging in Steve’s chest cavity when he laughs as Tony defends Peter’s honor and claims that Barnes had been just as guilty.
(And yeah, maybe Tony hasn’t exactly been subtle about his thoughts on the matter, but that’s neither here nor there.)
Sam makes Steve promise to come back for reasons besides Tony.
A beat passes, a pregnant pause, and then -
“You’ll be the first to know, Cap,” he says, and just the way Steve smiles back is more than enough.
“I’m holding you to that,” Tony says.
“I’ll do my best,” he says, and then she’s hanging up without saying goodbye, which he doesn’t mind because he kind of deserves it.
When they call his flight to board, he waits until the very last second to toss his trash and find his seat. It’s agony, waiting to get in the sky, and as soon as they’re given the okay, he slams down his tray table and picks up right where he left off.
“Clint,” she says, and despite his desperate mood, he feels a flicker of gratefulness. “Because if it’s bad enough that you’re finally talking about it, I can’t do this on my own.”
Steve can’t help but laugh, and Tony looks caught off guard before he smiles wider than he has any right to - wider than Steve has any privilege to bear witness to.
“It’s okay, you know,” she tells him, wobbly and croaking as her lungs work overtime to recover. He’s thankful for her, thankful that she allows him to give her so much, thankful that he’s had her to keep him sane while knowing that Tony was in a cave in the desert and Steve could have found him in an instant if he dared.
Tony reaches past Steve to set his mug down on the counter.
“Money, care for Peggy, anything,” Tony says, smooth-talking, putting on his show to cover up how he’s really feeling. “I can visit often. I can put her up in the Tower - I’m putting all the Avengers up, everyone’s got a room.”
“So I found the waters just fine,” Steve says, the furrow stubbornly taking up semi-permanent residence. He tosses Tony a water bottle, and Tony catches it before putting it on the nightstand. “But I found these right next to them, which doesn’t make any sense.”
“Can I tell him?” he asks, licking his lips as he looks over to where Tony is fully absorbed in something else entirely.
He chalks the neglect up to the long day they’ve all had.
“No, it’s not,” Tony says, mouth pursing suspiciously. “There’s more. You’re hiding something else.”
“While I’m pretty sure GQ doesn’t do random drug tests,” he drawls, “I can’t imagine your editor loving that in print.”
in Steve’s eyes, something that looks perilously close to mischief.
Steve does that weird thing where he yawns with his mouth closed, and Tony wrinkles his nose at it. They’ve long since passed the point of Tony forcing him to explain why he doesn’t just yawn like a normal person, and it’s not a discussion worth revisiting especially now.
But he can’t, because that would change things.
Out of the fuzzy corners of his eyes, he catches Steve shrugging.
“Does that mean that if I get in the car, I can leave the door open?” Tony asks, to which Pepper sighs hugely, and Tony shoots Steve a smug grin before mostly closing the door without actually latching it.
There’re boxes of donuts stacked on the counter and every kid looks like they’ve had at least one. Denise is packing lunches and Beth is passing her plastic cling-wrapped peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, and heading up the assembly line is Tony, still in borrowed clothing. He’s spreading peanut butter on honey-wheat bread, nodding along as Manny talks his ear off while spreading the jelly. Bonnie looks distinctly unhappy with that situation, scowling as she discovers she can’t position herself within Tony’s line of sight, not with Alexa and Charlie fighting over a chocolate donut.
“No,” Steve says. “I regret that I don’t remember, and I regret that I didn’t ask you about it sooner.”
“Later,” Steve mouths at him, and Tony nods, forgetting all about criticizing Natasha for wasting very important resources. A warm feeling spreads inside of him - surely due to the bruise, he figures.
“To be fair,” Tony says, holding up a flat hand, “that was more Pepper’s involvement than mine.”
“You’re just jealous I’m not flirting with you,” he tells her.
Natasha just licks a smear of icing off the meaty part of her thumb and resumes her tortuously slow unwrapping.
“He can come without needing to work,” Tony cajoles, and his arm flops like a fish-out-of-water in Steve’s direction, almost as if he wants to reach out but changes his mind at the last minute. “You like a good party, don’t you?” He directs that last bit at Steve who clears his throat, unsure of what answer is expected from him.
“You must have been thinking of us,” she says, and there it is, that look that promises unspoken secrets, and he’s missed her so, so much.
Steve can recognize Roger’s expression for what it is, recognize the amusement that is easily but unnecessarily hidden.
For now, at least.
“That’s all you’re going to have?” he asks, nodding at the modest plate of sausage, toast, and two fried eggs.
Once he’s dry, Tony dresses carefully, a balance of comfort and professionalism. He’s still half of a leadership team, still looked to as an example, and he thinks the clean jeans and sweater are more than good enough considering the circumstances. As much as he wants to head downstairs and efficiently make the rounds so he can hit the hay sooner rather than later, he’s got another stop to make first.
Somehow, Tony must possess an ounce of self-control, because he presses a halting hand to Steve’s chest. Sure, he’s groaning and tilting his head back, and Steve takes advantage to suck kisses down the column of neck that’s been taunting him ever since Tony walked in the door, but it’s enough for them to unscramble their brains for five seconds.
Fury drives away and doesn’t come calling again until after New York.
Tony grips his knees. Steve can see how white his knuckles go with the force of it, but he won’t retract his question, not when he’s finally worked up the nerve to give credence to what’s haunted him for so long, but he won’t make Tony answer if it makes him feel like this. If Tony really doesn’t want to talk about this, Steve can take it as neither a confirmation nor a denial and move on with his life.
Rogers shifts his considerable weight around.
It’s not a question. Natasha just smiles back sadly while their glasses are refilled, and throws one back with him in solidarity. It’s just as nasty the second time around, but Steve needs to have been numb hours ago. By the time he’s done fighting back the urge to gag, he notices that she’s got her phone out.
“Speak for yourself,” Beth scowls.
He pointedly jerks his chin in the direction of the already healing wound in his shoulder.
When Rogers goes to leave, he can’t help himself.
“I can’t believe you’re admitting that I’m right about something,” Steve says, chuckling against the back of Tony’s ear.
“What?” Tony asks, racking his brain. “When?”
“Definitely,” Tony says with his natural confidence. “It’s when we became the Avengers, don’t you think that’s pretty special? Right, Steve?”
“He says he’ll tell us what’s coming,” Steve reminds him, like Tony hasn’t been there to watch his attitude towards his other self turn from skeptical to tolerant over the years. “He’ll do his part, and we’ll do ours.”
The line between Rogers’ eyebrows gives away his displeasure, even as he tries to squash down the frown aimed at his basket of shawarma.
“You first,” he says, pointing the neck of the bottle at Steve.
“Easy there,” he says automatically, infinitely grateful that his voice doesn’t waver. “Don’t want you concussed for your meeting.”
“Okay,” Steve says, lifting their joined hands to kiss the back of Tony’s palm, and really, Tony doesn’t know how he’s held it together all day. It’s too much, even for someone as used to pushing his own limits as far as Tony is. “Hit me.”
“I got sweaty. Didn’t see the point in showering when I’ll just get in the water with her after we eat,” Steve points out.
It’s connection and commitment stripped down to its most base act, and every out-of-place moment of not knowing what was going on with Steve comes together to all make perfect sense. Tony fully collapses onto him, yet again, and it’s better than the most heavenly mattress even with his hand still smeared against Steve’s gradually softening cock and the mess ready to grow tacky between them. He can feel himself slipping out, Steve’s entrance relaxing and relinquishing what had been a death grip, and he’s caught between letting nature run its course and letting Steve eke out every ounce of fullness he can have.
He’s so
Pepper rubs at her temple some more and walks away muttering. Steve drinks his wine, which is really quite good, and watches Morgan puzzle out what her father is saying.
“Okay,” he echoes, staring out the side window. He thinks he feels Tony’s eyes drilling into the side of his head, but doesn’t check.
“I want us both to feel like we have all the answers we need,” Steve says, swallowing pools of anxiety that do nothing to ease the flow of nerves. He’s not sure how to ask for what he wants, what he needs to navigate a stormy patch in the midst of glassy waters.
“Will you take me on the roller coasters?” Morgan asks, and she’s got a mango-pineapple mustache.
It’s easier to decide than he thought it would be.
But this is his job, he reminds himself. He can do this, and he will do it, and he’ll do it well.
“It’s okay that you loved him.”
“Easy,” Tony had murmured, and Steve’s eyes were wild, hand shooting out and grasping at thin air. “You got knocked down pretty hard there. Not many people would have survived that.”
This universe is too similar to his own, perhaps because he’s done his best to leave the rest of the timeline untouched. He thinks that maybe he hasn’t done the right thing at all, and that he should have followed his instincts and told Peggy everything, should have changed everything for the better. He should have hunted Bucky down the moment he came back, should have spent the last twenty-plus years rooting out HYDRA agents one by one, should have dug himself out of the ice and figured out how to make it all work.
“I'll be there at six,” Steve accepts victoriously, mentally fist-pumping. It doesn’t matter that the timing is almost too late to be professional, what matters is getting into
He can feel Rogers looking at him as he pulls almond milk from the fridge and granola from the pantry.
He feels it in his hand. The cosmos are still in his hand, only this time tied together to form a circlet, petals tender to the touch and stems wrought with tension. No matter how they bend and threaten to tear apart, Steve knows instinctively that they won’t, not unless he lets them. Their resilience is dependent on him.
Except Steve Rogers has never been stupid, and at the end of the first visit, he finds himself cornered by - well, himself.
She doesn’t press him.
Steve just hums, turning his face to bury in Tony’s soft almost-but-not-quite curls.
“I love being Iron Man. And I would never stop just because someone else wanted me to.” Steve nods along. “But it’s been almost a decade of this, and superheroes aren’t as hard to find as they used to be. It feels like it’s getting to be time to see what more I can do.”
Steve looks at him, caught between disdain and nostalgia.
Then come the labs, grouped by subject matter, and without prompting, Wanda tells him, “Tony’s is closer to his room. I think there’s a secret passageway connecting them, but I haven’t checked the blueprints yet.”
“Of course I like that,” Steve says, almost automatic as he lets Tony down to his feet but maintains proximity. “I’m going to like anything as long as you’re the one doing it.”
“Congratulations,” Steve manages to say, even though his heart is pounding. “That’s really great.”
He swears he sees the tops of Tony’s cheeks twinge barely red, but then Morgan spills pancake batter down her front, and that requires tending to.
And then he gives Tony the signal, and his nostrils fill with wet grass and lake water, and he is home.
“He wants me to interview him for TIME,” he decides on, because at least there’s a chance this bomb drop of information will shock Sam into
“Didn’t answer my question,” Tony says, pulling at his hair so the product-laden strands stand on end.
“I told you,” Steve says, because he did. “You died. Unexpectedly.”
Inspired, Tony raises an index finger to trail up Steve’s bare chest, glimmering with a fine layer of hard-earned sweat. He finds a nipple, scraping over it idly a couple of times before Steve wraps his hands around the finger and easily wrestles it away.
The other Steve’s stories had sounded a bit like something out of a horror movie, if Tony is being perfectly honest. He’s still grateful the recounting of events hadn’t given him nightmares.
“Sure thing,” Steve says agreeably, and they both know he doesn’t mean it. “Alright, your turn.”
“She helped remind me of something,” he says, looking at the road. With every mile the car eats up, it’s less time with Tony, and he’s dreading leaving him. “About how important people are, and how important it is to tell them what they mean to us.”
“I know,” Tony says, the words almost lost on the breeze. “I know you two were close.”
“He had your help,” Steve placates him. “I remembered a few things. Sometimes I’m useful, you know.”
“Tony.”
- and you won’t do a damn thing for some boy you can’t even look in the eye!”
“Wait,” Manny says, looking between Steve and the house. “Iron Man is here?”
“I’d like to get going,” she said, clapping her hands together, the universal signal for him to chop chop. Denise was in the passenger seat, hiding a giggle in her shoulder while Manny checked his mirrors and made sure no one was in danger of shooing the car out of the departures lane. “I’ve got a bus to catch, in case you forgot. Callie says she got tickets to a soccer game, and I don’t want to be late. She just got her license, and her step-brother’s wife is letting us borrow the car.”
To Steve’s abject horror, she turns to face him with her tongue caught between white teeth and cherry-red lips, and jabs the center of his chest so that one of the minuscule hidden buttons marching down his front pokes uncomfortably.
There’s a sense of urgency underneath it all, a feeling that Steve can’t quite put his finger on. This is something important, Steve knows without verifying. He knows that Tony is important, and being here with him is important, wherever he is.
Incensed by Tony’s constant manipulation, Steve scrubs forward aimlessly.
It’s an answer that makes very little sense if Steve is here to help defend the right to Iron Man’s existence, and he wipes the lingering cold seeped into his fingertips on the thigh of his pants.
and Tony trusts him more than anyone. “I know, and thank you.”
“Nah, ‘cause that would require you asking for help in the first place,” Sam says. It’s not mean, merely observing. “You gonna do it, then?”
“Watch your language,” he tells her, and she rolls her eyes.
He could cry, but instead he laughs and listens to the teenage boys talk about Manny’s newest girlfriend and Zeke’s upcoming birthday. When they’re approached by another couple of teenagers - pretty, confident, looking like everything is dandy and their lives have gone untouched - he adopts a defensive posture immediately.
“I’m impressed you remember,” is all that Steve can manage to get out, forcing a smile onto his own face. His spinal cord is reeling from the impact, fraying and crying out for attention that he doesn’t have time to give it, not when he’s got to hold himself together long enough to get away from the last thing he’d expected to happen to him when waking up this morning.
“I said I would,” Steve says, and Tony is slipping away, one body part after another until Steve is reminding himself that this isn’t a loss that requires lamentation. The last to go is his hand in Steve’s, but before it does, he catalogues the sensation of knuckles pressed into the center of his abdomen. “I'd like to think I'm a man of my word.”
“So I’m not here to - ”
“Yeah,” Sam agrees, “but is it an opportunity you want?”
Tony kisses him again, and this time it goes on and on and on, light and joyous in a way that perfectly encapsulates everything Steve knows he is feeling, and hopefully everything that Tony is feeling too. In between, when Steve raises their joined hands to ensure that the cosmos are still in place, Tony swipes his tongue over his bottom lip and kisses the corner of Steve’s mouth.
“You do set a good example,” Steve says, not needing to see it to believe it.
Steve swallows quickly, esophagus uncomfortably hot. “It doesn’t have to be if you don’t want it to. I’m not going to be a jackass who lets them print stuff just for shock value and clout.” He shrugs a little, and Tony’s eyes zero in on the mug.
They get Peggy comfortable, wait till she falls asleep, and then Steve firmly escorts him out.
“You’ve been a wonderful husband,” she tells him, still mostly lucid but weak and occasionally forgetful. “I wouldn’t change a single thing about our life together.”
Tony lifts their joined hands to skim along the outer edges of Steve’s sculpted features.
“Can’t you thank him yourself?” Sam asks. “The guy doesn’t bite, Steve. He just hangs out with the Spider-Boy and brings his daughter by because Wanda can hover her off the ground. Dude nearly shits himself every time it happens, it’s hilarious, but he’s harmless.”
He navigates through his contacts until he picks the one most likely to answer, and waits while the line rings.
“You think the others will be on board?” Steve says, still playing along.
donate a hefty sum to the CEO’s wife’s foundation of choice to ensure it wouldn’t ever become an issue again.”
The compound looks different but similar enough that if he hadn’t lived there as long as he had, it might take a while to pinpoint the differences. As it is, when he gets out of the car, he feels like he could puke up his meat and cheese platter.
“I get it,” Tony assures him, tone all bravado that’s a direct contrast to his body language. He moves to cross his arms but stops at the last second, pushing at gelled-back hair before shoving his hands in his pockets. “Wouldn’t want you puking in the air again, would we?”
“Me, but oh, I don’t know, almost seventy years older and with white hair?” Steve interrupts with a smirk that Tony wants nothing more than to swiftly wipe off his face.
He flounders under her unimpressed gaze, and Tony reaches over to pat his shoulder sympathetically.
The grating sound of dry heaving makes Steve wince, and he rocks back onto his heels to distract his body from a more visceral reaction.
like something died in here.”
“You should meet everyone,” Tony suggests - orders, really, and Steve coaxes the emotion to climb higher so it coats his insides. “Could be a good opportunity. Help flesh out the context of the piece, and everything.”
Because they both know he’d lost it for a moment. They both know he’d excused himself with a raised index finger, strode into the adjoining bathroom, and forced himself to pull it together. He’d let a few dry sobs eke out, knowing that Steve would hear no matter how thick the door and walls were, no matter how hard he pressed his lips together in a well-practiced attempt to keep it all inside. But he’d picked himself up off the metaphorical floor and gone back out, sliding behind his desk and demanding Steve continue.
“I know,” he says, knowing he’s getting that bratty way about him again. “But it would make me feel better about the fact that I’m going to be up all night fabricating you a new suit just because Barton can’t multitask.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You two sharing a phone?”
The funny thing, he recalls distantly, looking into the rapidly darkening steel-colored distance as he breathes needle-pointed air, is that seven years ago, he would have been more than content to be blessed with an afternoon of Tony’s attention before leaving it at that. If he hadn’t ever been left with a gaping question in the middle of his memory, he thinks he could have moved on and, if chance had permitted their meetings the same way it has, then he wouldn’t have cared. He would have never tortured himself to this end; would have never allowed himself to want more than this, to think that all-or-nothing was the answer.
Maybe he’d accidentally transported himself to another universe, Tony hypothesizes. Maybe he’s fucked with the time machine too many times and gotten swept up in it, landing in a timeline where Steve is affectionate and touchy.
Except, of course, that’s precisely when everything goes to hell.
Tony turns his face into Steve’s palm, lips pressing gently to the center, and Steve thinks that of all the worlds he’s existed in, this world -
“You know the situation better than we do,” Bucky says, but then Sam’s got the phone again and Steve is wincing at the volume.
“No? Because you could, you know. Think about it hard enough, and you could be with any of them in seconds.”
“I’m bored,” she announces.
When Steve glances back, Natasha is rolling her eyes.
“Okay,” Serena agrees, looking less anxious.
“I want my song again,” Morgan whines, tossing the tablet on the seat next to her. She kicks at the back of Steve’s seat.
“Stop doing this to yourself,” Tony mutters against sensitive skin, teeth scraping just rough enough to have Steve needing to resist the urge to shout out. “Stop trying to stop this.”
“We’re asking you to interview Mr. Stark on TIME’s behalf, as they’re looking to award him Person of the Year,” she says. Her tone is all-business and straightforward, none of Pepper Pott’s distant warmth, and he wonders what the hell Tony’s been up to when not busy blowing Sokovian cities to ash.
“You did that profile on him, a few years ago,” Christine says, nose scrunching up momentarily. “So you know how he is. Really, you’re going to sit here after writing a piece like
“You’re not him,” he says as soon as he can manage an inhale, steadfastly tracing the words on the label with his eyes, not comprehending a single bit of it.
“Denise and Josie are right about not talking to strangers,” Steve says, pushing her hair off her face. “And I’ll talk to Beth about letting people in without adult permission. Okay?”
“You will,” he says quietly. “Everything Howard told you you couldn’t accomplish. You will do it all and more.”
They cross paths at a charity-benefit-gala-ball for endangered-sick-homeless-underprivileged animals-children-elderly-veterans.
“It’s okay,” Tony murmurs, eyes locked onto Steve’s face, and the urge to run away wrestles with the need to argue this, to demand answers and understand the refusal after all this time. “You don’t need to apologize, it’s - ”
Tony looks away immediately and posts up in his lounger with his tablet until the food is ready.
The baby yawns, eyes blinking open. It takes barely a moment for him to find Steve, to focus as well as a newborn can, smacking his lips gently.
“Well, that was before you sent a nuke through a wormhole and saved the city from aliens,” Steve says. He shrugs and flattens a burgeoning smile when Tony fixes him with raised brows and a skeptical quirk of his upper lip. “And besides. I was perfectly friendly on the street. Let you molest me and everything.”
“Others will find you,” she says, watching for a reaction.
“Hm.” Tony shoves a fist under his chin, elbow resting on his thigh. “And which camp do you fall into?”
That teensy tiny crush might be a little bit bigger than he’s willing to admit.
“Well,” Steve says, drawing the word out. “We all know how much I love planning ahead.”
“Okay,” he says, and all the brightness is gone. He sounds deflated, almost careless. “I just thought - if there was something I could do. We’ve been trying to coordinate all over the country. Have SI do what it can. And you - ”
“The catering here isn’t half bad, you know,” Tony opens with, signaling to the bartender for his usual.
“It’s not a bad idea,” Steve allows, arms crossing against his massive chest, and without something to fiddle with, Tony starts tapping his fingers on the arms of the chair. “What, you want to put off retirement, or just have one last hurrah?”
“Daddy won’t take me on the roller coasters,” Morgan says, and Steve nods along importantly. “You look like you’re tall enough for the roller coasters.”
He has to peel Tony away from Peter, who keeps denying that he needs to be dropped off back in Queens.
“You did a decent thing,” she says, strong and full of conviction. He forces himself to clack his jaw shut, lips mashing together. “You did a decent thing when you didn’t have to, and when everyone was asking you not to. You risked your career on a man I’d looked after for the better part of a decade. When Pierce contacted the company to obtain rock-solid proof that you’d violated your employment contract by publishing the profile independently after spending time with Tony on the magazine's dime, I had our lawyers threaten to bury his lawyers in motions from then until eternity if he didn’t leave you alone.” Pepper looks at him sideways. “In the interest of full disclosure, we
It’s hard not to smile at that, as Steve looks to where Tony is refereeing the entire ordeal and playing devil’s advocate as Wanda politely offers Sam another chance at beating her. He’s wearing sinfully tight shorts and has stolen Steve’s sunglasses, his own still perched on the top of his head.
“Right.” Tony’s head bobs smoothly up and down. “Not that that’s very likely to happen.”
“No,” Steve agrees, and the band squeezes him so hard he thinks his heart might stop, unable to pump anymore. “You still could.”
“You’ve got no idea,” he says. “You can’t see past your own victim complex.”
Tony’s always liked pushing limits, and Steve’s always liked rising to exceed them.
It’s not strictly true, but Tony’s still technically with Pepper, and as rocky as it’s been lately since SHIELD fell and Tony started spending more time with the Avengers, he doesn’t think she’d appreciate the thought of him in the same room as a naked Steve Rogers. The man is practically perfect in every single way, that’s just a known fact in the universe, but Tony doesn’t need to give the frustrated and nagging Pepper in his head any more excuses to lay into him. He’s gathered enough tally marks against him lately; fantasizing about Cap is the opposite of what he needs right now.
He tries to peel her off and only manages so because of his strength.
They don’t talk about it a lot in the house. The kids all know him as Steve, not as Captain America and he appreciates it. They know who he is, it’s not a secret, even if some of the younger ones don’t quite understand what it means. But Beth asking reminds him that he isn’t just Steve, and he rests his spoon in his bowl and thinks about the piece of paper in his toiletry bag.
“You okay?” he asks, and then notices that she’s still holding the phone in her hand.
“Maybe take a break,” Tony admits before he realizes how honest he’s being, but finds he doesn’t mind. “I’m getting too old for this.”
“Tell him,” Steve orders. “You have to. Otherwise, none of it will matter.”
“These are the same flowers from your home,” Rogers notes.
“I don’t need a phone,” Steve says.
“Thank you,” he says, praying that Tony can hear the sincerity woven into it.
It figures that Rogers hasn’t eaten in just as long, and Tony raises an eyebrow as he shakes out a packet of brown sugar for his oatmeal.
“Good to see you,” Wanda says, and she gives him an easy smile before merging onto the highway.
Tony makes a derisive noise.
Tony taps his foot a few times, then turns around to click a few things off. “Come on,” he says, jerking a thumb further down, past the suit scraps. “Want to show you something.”
“Hi,” Tony says, adorably bleary as he manipulates his hologram. He finishes something, then reaches a hand back to pat Steve’s hip - he whirls around on his stool, eyebrows shooting up as the realization hits. “I at least put on sweatpants.”
“But then Bonnie’s lab partner came out last month and says that girls are much better kissers. She made out with a senior at a house party, and apparently the girl was super nice and didn’t force anything, and tasted like peppermint schnapps and peanut M&Ms.”
The only difference in scenery is the abundance of flowers, tall and deep maroon. Somehow he knows that’s where the sweet scent is coming from, even before he sits up to snap a stem between his fingers and bring a bloom to his nose. He inhales long and slow, soaking it all in, before lowering his hand to the ground, flower held loosely.
“Yeah,” Steve says, and he shifts infinitesimally, and Tony has to swallow a moan so as to not ruin the mood. “Yeah, I suppose. But then I thought - the other you didn’t love the other me. So for a while I was thinking that maybe in every universe, Steve Rogers is fated to fall in love with a Tony Stark that will never love him back.”
“I don’t mind,” Tony says, changing the radio station as a new song starts to play. “After Strange fixed me up, once the dust settled - ouch, that saying has a whole new meaning now,
Steve is just the guy who lucked out with his version of a big break thanks to a coworker’s food poisoning, and his humble beginnings aren’t going to let him forget what that means for everything else. He picks at the skin next to his thumbnail where there’s a mysterious blue pen splotch that he hadn’t noticed when getting ready, and avoids Tony’s all-too-serious soul-sucking dark eyes.
“Tony,” Pepper sighs. “You’re going to give me a migraine if you don’t get to the point, and then I’m going to fully blame you if any negotiations happen to head south tomorrow. You’re the one who wanted their windmill technology in the first place, remember?”
“Here’s the thing,” Tony says, twisting the lock behind them before turning to face Steve, back to the door and arms crossed over his chest. “You can kiss me like a virgin under the bleachers all you want. I can do that, if that’s all you want for right now. But when you keep touching me like you have all day, it kind of sends mixed messages.”
They’ll figure it out.
Tony just lounges in bed, too content to move.
“When I came down this morning,” she says, fiddling with her hair, “I saw you two on the couch.”
“We can figure something out,” Steve says, petting her hair. She buries her head in his leg, overly dramatic and ignoring every time Pepper exasperatedly tells her to let go.
“You,” he says, flailing an accusing tool in Steve’s general direction, “can call her FRIDAY, by the way. She might actually listen to you if you do.”
“You can unclench, you know,” Sam jokes with his hallmark easy patience. “I’m not going to ask who it was on the phone that’s got you more pissed than my nephews when my sister takes the video games away.”
When Tony glances at the time, he winces.
“To notice things about you,” Steve stresses, and Tony holds out the cigarette. He doesn’t relinquish it though, merely holds it close enough so that Steve can fit his mouth around the filter, lips brushing warm calloused fingertips, and yeah, this definitely is a problem.
“Thank you, darling,” she says. “You’re a good husband.”
“She makes herself comfortable,” is the only explanation.
“You were a wanted fugitive,” Tony bites out. “I kind of figured you were staying away so you didn’t end up arrested, or dead.”
“No,” Tony says, and then suddenly he’s close and Steve’s eyes fall shut in shock as arms tuck around his midsection and tug him in. He can’t remember if he’s ever hugged Tony before, but he’s certain that this Tony has never hugged him before, and all the worlds seem to have come together to let this singular moment exist. “No. I’m telling you, that’s not how it works. I mean, do
Christmas is a glittering affair. As the years pass, Peggy and Steve see Howard less often, but they’re always delivered an invitation to his resplendent parties. At some point he’s ushered into a smoky lounge, offered a cigar and whiskey, and is clapped roughly over the shoulder.
They kiss messily, unrefined but needy as Steve straddles him and Tony rakes blunt fingernails down his back. By the time Tony’s begging him -
“I’m serious,” Tony says. “I’m sending you a phone. I don’t want to have to deal with a landline and sixteen other people when I’m trying to get in touch with you.”
Intentions clear, Steve has everything he needs.
Steve slides Bucky his basket of fries. It’s his second, and he knows what that super soldier metabolism is like, even if Sam doesn’t.
“You mean the man who has been around as long as I can remember?” he says, pulling his hand back from the phone but looking at Steve challengingly, as if to say,
There’s a kitchen inside, Steve recalls. He can root around for a trash can before leaving.
“It’s not like he can call an Uber!” Tony says, pointing at the expansive grounds for emphasis.
“Will you tell me?” she asks in a hushed tone in the guest suite. “Please?”
It brings the life back to Steve’s frame, his shoulders squaring and spine straightening as he turns to Tony with all the false bravado of a man from an old-timey action movie, and not that of someone about to open Pandora’s box. For a second Tony thinks he’s about to see something real, that Steve will finally show his hand, but of course, Steve has never let anything be that easy a day in his life.
Steve squeezes Tony’s hand in his.
Less than an hour later, after stopping by his apartment exactly long enough to drop off the box and not a second more, Steve slides onto a weathered and ripped leather barstool, the stuffing worn thin underneath him. Natasha passes him a shot glass, and he tips back the amber-colored liquid within without preamble. It goes down about as smoothly as a cactus, but he manages not to choke and calls it a win. He can feel Natasha boring holes into the side of his head with that very particular brand of judgment-free invitational curiosity she wears so well, and he tosses the glass along the waxy bartop from one hand to another before steeling himself.
“Yeah? What makes you say that?”
“Do you know my father too?”
“ - about you, I know,” Tony finishes. “What’d you think?”
“Complimenting your ass could never be a non-sequitur,” Tony declares, and Steve chooses to bite into a mouthful of briny squishiness rather than respond.
“No,” Tony says, now looking disturbed and immensely distraught. “What did I do to you?”
Even while irresistibly drawn to sleep, Steve is happy.
Steve heads south until he smells salt in the air and finds a small but clean motel on the beach when he knows he’s nearing the end of his endurance. Along with his room key, he’s handed a coupon for a half-priced appetizer at the local seafood shack. He discovers he enjoys the soft-shelled crab and the crisp beer that the waitress recommends, and she doesn’t seem to recognize him, but she does bat heavily-mascaraed lashes at him. It’s simple and meaningless, and Steve smiles because having someone smile back makes him feel okay for a fraction of a second.
“What do you regret?” When he asks, it’s with dark eyes that pin Steve to where he sits.
Steve lifts a single eyebrow. “You think you’ll have better luck than I did?”
He can only gape at her. “What?”
Tony makes Steve go over it again. He makes Steve talk about Peter and how they’d done it, and makes sure that Steve’s advice hadn’t accidentally ripped a hole in the universe. He makes Steve tell him that it all went perfectly, that the stones on Earth stayed where they belonged, and no one on their side lost anything.
“Is Morgan - ”
“I’m taking physics next year,” Elliot tells Tony, holding back how thrilled he is to be in the presence of the smartest man in the country, if not the world. “I don’t like chemistry too much, but it’s not that hard.”
They keep their voices low, the conversation certainly not what Denise had in mind when she’d warned him, but Steve still doesn’t want to plant false seeds in anyone’s mind.
He’d ignored all threats of legal action from GQ’s parent company and gone ahead and self-published his article, gaining an almost embarrassing sort of notoriety that had earned him tens of thousands of Twitter followers. It was fortuitous, he supposed when looking back, that his social media connection to Tony Stark in the first place was what had given him the opportunity to make something of himself after all.
There’s sticky baklava at a summer barbecue, and Steve sneaks neatly cut pieces every time he walks past and looks positively devastated when Maria Hill swipes the last of it.
He feels the tears leaking out before he can stop them.
He’s so distracted by it that he nearly misses the way Tony’s eyes dart over to him, missing the jar with his knife before going back to the task at hand.
Steve reaches his hand across his chest, finding Tony’s and winding their fingers together seamlessly. It’s jarring but not unpleasant, definitely not unwelcome, and Tony can feel his insides grow warm. Then Steve tips his head to the side, brushing a kiss to Tony’s knuckles and his own fingers, and suddenly the AC isn’t enough to keep Tony cool.
The worst part is, she’s not even a little bit wrong.
“I’m not doing it without you,” Steve says, and he’s so stubborn and Tony hates it, and he loves it. “We’ll see how things go. If this is just a break, I’ll come right back with you. If you want to retire to Palm Beach and never step foot in the compound again, that’s okay too.”
She’s not wrong; Steve’s attention should be on absolutely anyone besides Tony Stark, especially given that there are at least a hundred other supremely interesting people at the after-party, and none of them are so drunk that they attempted to switch jackets with Ben Affleck not ten minutes into the festivities. It shouldn’t come as a surprise, given that Tony’s here as the date of some up-and-coming actress who thus far seems more interested in being a socialite rather than furthering her career, but what is surprising is that said date has spent the majority of the party pouting at the lack of attention she’s received thus far.
“Squeeze the limes,” she directs. “You’ve got super strength or something, don’t you?”
“Have fun with that,” she says, nodding towards where Morgan is already outside, the door slamming behind her. “Here I was, hoping she’d take after me and not Tony, and look where that got me.”
The bands constrict.
“I don’t have a sugar daddy,” Steve says automatically, nonplussed. “What the - ”
Privately, Steve thought that sounded like a whole lot of bullshit, but ultimately decided that it wasn’t worth commenting on.)
He’s gotten very good at lying to himself lately.
Precious few of them talk about why they’re there. He’s figured out that Beth and Elliot lost their parents to a murder-suicide after their two other siblings were dusted, and Jackson’s grandma passed a couple years back. His mom came back with everyone else, but she’d always been an addict and Josie makes sure he knows he’ll always have a home with them.
“Know who?”
“Of course I remember,” Tony says, and for a split second, Steve would swear he looks hurt, only that doesn’t make any sense. Offended, Steve decides. Tony must be playfully offended. “We didn’t drink that much.” His eyes crinkle around the corners, narrowed yet friendly. “I didn’t. Maybe you did. Did you?”
He wants to cry. He wants Tony to leave and he never wants to let him go, and he wants to get a hold of some Pym particles and go back to 2012 and live another life that doesn’t feel more bitter than sweet most of the time. He wants to press a hand to his chest and remind himself that he’s alive, that they’re alive, and there could have been more casualties than there were, and the prime example of that is in the other room and undressing right now.
“He’s young,” Steve rationalizes. “He can enjoy his birthday.”
And then it’s like that scene in Harry Potter, where he loses all the bones in his arm and the appendage collapses like Jell-O, except this is Steve’s entire body, and it’s a miracle he doesn’t melt right off the chair and slide onto the floor in an amorphous, gelatinous, apple-pie flavored blob.
He hates that Tony knows him well enough to have seen it from a million miles away.
There are so many places Steve could take this, and he folds the pizza box back together as he plots out the different courses of action. There’s an instinct to rip up everything he’s ever written about Tony Stark, to refuse to finish the article for TIME, to launch a smear campaign on what a manipulating piece of shit the man has always been. Underneath, he wants to fold himself up until he can’t feel anything anymore, so he can finish the piece and then return to life as normal, tenderly crafting odes to a past lover under the guise of working. Maybe he needs to pick up journaling, or therapy. he thinks with a chuckle aborted in the base of his throat, cutting off his air supply.
Despite not realistically expecting Tony to protest, Steve is somehow disappointed when he doesn’t.
Steve’s never felt like
“You don’t have to keep it all inside, darling,” she says gently, held together as elegantly as ever.
He’d been worried about leaving, had asked Denise and Josie so many times if they were sure it was okay. At the end they’d gotten sick of it, and Beth had nearly thrown Steve’s old duffel at him as he got dropped off at the airport.
He just inhales, hypersensitive even by his own standards, supremely tuned to everything around him. There’s the same rain-soaked chocolate-tinged scent tickling the inside of his nose, the same grass-covered and sun-warmed sensations blanketing him. Once he can determine what’s the same, it’s easy to determine what’s different.
“So I was thinking,” Tony says, stroking the fine hair on Steve’s knuckles.
Tony rises, looking out the window and listening to that accented voice announcing an arrival.
“I know that the microwave is kind of a novel invention for you and all,” Tony says, once he’s quietly edged into Rogers’ field of vision and made his presence known, “but I know for a fact there are better ways to bake a potato.”
“Don’t start something you can’t finish,” Tony warns, but it comes out weaker than he’d like as he grips Steve’s hand, fingers interlacing.
“I wanted to thank you,” Steve repeats. “So thank you, Tony.”
Tony nibbles on the previously discarded arc of crust, staring out at the skyline before them. They’d come out to the open Tower hangar while waiting for delivery, Tony with a set of tools that sizzled and burned Steve’s nostrils as he prepared to put the engine back in the jet, and there’s some barrier that might as well be magic with how it keeps the warmth in and the December chill out. Steve’s impressed, but the chance of him admitting that is slimmer than none.
“I’m good,” he says, internally wincing as he remembers the last and only time they’d been face-to-face: in the middle of Tony Stark’s foyer after a questionable night of drunken antics that Steve knows he’ll never fully remember. “How are you? In town for the grand opening?”
“No!” Tony protests, getting the door open with minor difficulty.
“Don’t know how they’ll manage that without my notes,” Steve says coolly.
There’s really only one answer to that question.
They don’t say anything about it, but Steve knows that they both know.
“I don’t think you’ve been humble a day in your life,” Steve says dubiously, mouth quirking up into an almost-smile, the color in his face already receding.
“Cosmos,” he explains, settling into his chair with a gentle creak of his joints. “One of the easiest flowers to grow. They were one of the first things I grew from seed when we moved here.”
His handle reads:
“Let him,” she says, attempting to readjust herself against the pillows. He immediately helps her, lifting her shoulders and shifting the pillows according to her directions. “It was what you needed, wasn’t it?”
“Come on, sunshine,” Tony says, making sure to smile extra wide, trying to coax one out of Steve. “Let’s rip off the bandage.”
“Just keep it, yeah?” He’s suddenly all artificial brightness, the kind that Steve swears very few people can tell isn’t the real thing. “You don’t have to wear it, because you’re right. It’s a very distinctive color, and you really can’t ever wear something like that again. Just keep it, I don’t care if you ever wear it again, but don’t let anyone else wear it. Can you do that for me?”
Steve breathes easy as Rogers leaves him and joins Tony. He watches as Rogers touches the back of Tony’s hand to get his attention, and feels his own mouth curve into a smile as Tony looks up at Rogers.
“Did we…” He feels his breath quicken, tells himself that it’s a natural reaction to his prolonged exposure to the outdoors, but attempts to control it anyway. “Did something happen?”
“Can you even get food poisoning?” Tony asks aloud as they separate, only enough to reorient themselves with their chopsticks. “Or does the serum prevent that, too? Serious question.”
“No.” Steve is speaking before he realizes it, fists clenched tight. “I’m not doing that. That’s not the article I told him I’d write.”
Tony looks older but just as beautiful, and every inch the Tony that had never been his, no matter what his deluded younger self had believed.
They sway together, a little. Just barely.
pushing Tony where he wants him, and Tony goes without complaint for once in his life, just as eager and frantic as Steve is. He just rubs up against Steve’s front, jerks his hips until they nearly tip onto the mattress, and they begin losing clothing like their lives depend on it. They can barely manage it all before Tony’s arching into Steve, teeth on his collarbone as things just keep unraveling.
“It’s a great opportunity,” he says, nostrils flaring. “That’s what anyone is gonna say when I ask their opinion.”
“Not you,” Steve says, and he’s not rolling his eyes, but he might as well be with that tone. “What, your ego is that big these days?”
“It’s the least I can do,” Tony tries one last time, though they both know it won’t make a difference. “If things between us were so terrible in your timeline, it’s the least I can do to make it up to you, if your version of me was such an asshole.”
Steve pulls away, sliding back across the bench and unable to recall when they’d gotten so close to begin with.
“Don’t you dare ruin that,” Pepper says, eyes on the bottle as she pours. “I had it imported from Italy.”
Steve’s pulled off a miracle or two in his lifetime; he thinks he can handle a few more.
He’s not sure where he is, but overlaying the sense of urgency is a full-body sensation of contentment. Every muscle feels replenished and relaxed, strong and ready for battle, but his head knows that there is nothing left to fight, and it relays this message to his body perfectly. He is aware that he is in a field of sorts, atop a patch of sun-warmed grass and surrounded by the sort of idyllic naturescape that he had spent years attempting to create in his own front yard.
“Maybe you and Pepper weren’t meant to be in this universe,” Steve says, uncharacteristically kind. “So maybe you’re not star-crossed lovers, or soulmates, or whatever you want to call it. Doesn’t mean you’re not capable of finding someone.”
Steve lifts his cup to his mouth to hide the smile he can’t quite fully tamp down.
After New Years, there’s a house for Denise and Josie. There’s a house for Denise’s brother and sister, for the twins and Jackson and everyone who’s left. There are eighteen of them, including Steve, and he can’t believe it. He borrows the phone that Beth got for Christmas, the one that she can buy minutes for with the allowance Josie is planning on giving her, and listens to the ringing as his fingers rub over the piece of paper he’d written Sam’s number on.
“Probably,” Tony says, sounding very far away, the single word ringing in Steve’s ears. “It’s my weekend with Morgan, and she’s got a classmate’s birthday party. Didn’t want to keep her from going.”
As it is, he slides a plate in front of Tony, who stares at him from across the island before cutting his eyes towards Bucky who is helping himself to the pan of still-frying bacon.
It’s fascinating, trailing kisses from Steve’s neckline up to his earlobe and cataloguing every little twitch beneath him. Tony darts back down, tugging at the shirt to expose more skin continuing along his collarbone.
Tony only realizes they’re grinning at each other like they’re both slightly touched in the head when his face starts to hurt. Steve seems to notice around the same time he does, face shuttering into something decidedly pensive.
It’s generic advice because Pepper doesn’t know Steve, not like Tony knows Steve, but it’s certainly not bad advice, he begrudgingly admits.
Steve feels himself flush and shakes his head quickly, motioning for them to continue. “Only want to know who to hand you off to.”
“Oh, wow,” Tony says, stopping as he enters the kitchen. “So you’re really embracing the whole caveman look, then.”
The cashier is definitely at least past retirement age and couldn’t care less about who they are or what they’re talking about, thank fuck. Tony slots his card into the machine and considers his response.
Steve looks around them. A doe and her speckled fawns disappear between two trees as their footsteps approach, and none of this would make any sense in the real world because fawns aren’t born in the fall, but maybe it’s time to stop trying to make sense of things.
Steve holds out a hand, and she passes him the fry container.
“Not you,” Steve says obviously, and Tony scowls at how easily he’s turned the tables between them. “The other you.”
Steve let his hands slide lower, between Tony’s butt cheeks. Tony gasped, eyes wide as Steve touched his erect cock, pumped once, twice, before playing with his balls, then proceeding lower.
“I’m sorry, I just-“ Tony sighed, “when I married Ransom, I knew what I was getting into- I just-“
Then Tony held his face in those hands that Steve loved so much, “we’ll get through this, Ty.”
“There’s… no one,” Tony said.
“Hey- hey!” Steve shouted as they went through his belongings like they owned them. He was about to stop them when a portly blonde man in an expensive suit walked into his small apartment, gun raised.
“Are you his boyfriend?” Steve said, the light falling out of his eyes, “I mean it makes sense-“
Tony turned to see his own dom looking down at him, cool blue eyes trailing down his body, his throat, his chest, his cock, his thighs. At that moment, Tony decided that if this was going to happen, it was going to happen on his terms.
At least he got to kill the bastard.
There was a dark skin heavy set Fae man carrying a much smaller Fae though Steve couldn’t make the other out in the shadow of the apartment.
JARVIS was something Tony hid from his brother. He hid a lot of things from Greg and though it pained him to do it, he did it for the best. Like his project on sustainable energy or his more problematic and explosive weapon archetypes. Also, the more complex versions of Iron man. It was better if Greg didn’t know.
“Like my parents,” Peter chattered, “they died and daddy found me and adopted me. Maybe daddy will adopt you too-“
“I’m waiting for someone too, maybe we can talk.”
“Stevie, you can’t be serious,” Bucky said, arms crossed, “living with your brother’s husband- the husband you have been in love with for over 17 years! This is a disaster waiting to happen.”
“Papa! Uncle Steve! I’m done!” Harley called from the lower floor.
“I need you. Please, Tony.”
Steve had laughed at that, knowing this would be the last time he’d see Sharon as she walked out of the car.
“Starks’ not going to give any of your things up if that’s what you’re hoping for,” Clint said with a snide grin.
Bruce let out a quiet laugh, something that turned heads.
“Have any of you heard about the Mandarin?” Natasha asked.
“Finally, someone who speaks English,” Tony quipped, dramatically waving his hands.
He closed his eyes.
“What the fuck kind of answer is that, Steve,” Bucky snarled, “that beta asshole attacked us, unprompted. Now you’re going to dismiss that because you have the hots for his omega.”
“What are you talking about?” Steve asked.
He tried to sneak away but he stepped onto a creaky piece of floorboard, notifying Tony to his presence.
“You have me right where you want me,” Tony said, curiosity winning out over fear, “why?”
“Someone,” Steve said like it was a death sentence.
“I came back last night. Where are you?”
“I’ll take the utmost care of your family, Ransom,” Steve answered, holding a hand to his heart, “scouts honor.”
He went through the people he met who could be his potential Dom. First- no, he wouldn’t choose Tiberius. Not in a million years. That scum of the earth, the leering bastard, was worse than Obi. Second was this nameless dom he was currently rooming with and third- some unknown new dom who would force Tony- basically another Obadiah…
“Fuck off, you bastard!” Tony snarled.
“Tony,” Steve said softly.
“Why not?”
“Tony,” Steve began, choking on his words.
“Tony,” Steve stopped him with one hand on the omega’s shoulder, “are you happy?”
“Really now? Am I supposed to believe you actually went out to the market?” Bucky snapped.
“While we wait,” Iron man continued, “do you have any questions, Cap.”
“Please,” Tony had pleaded, “Obi had sold weapons to the public and the syndicates, my weapons! They have my name on them! They’ll skin me alive!”
Sharon looked at Tony, confused, “did Steven say something to you?”
Steve sighed after he finished his tale, “I’m sorry, I made this about myself-“
Tony thought about that disgusting man putting his hands on him and shivered. He hugged his legs to his chest, teeth chattering, “What- what’s in this for you?”
Suddenly Gregory’s easy smile fell, “why do you want to know?”
“Are you angry-“
“I know,” Tony said, feeling the guilt creep up inside of him.
“All clear, boss,” one of the men said and the portly man nodded and pocketed his gun.
Sure, Greg was intriguing. Dark hair, handsome eyes, sharp words. Steve couldn’t help but be smitten by him at first sight. Billionaire, genius, playboy, philanthropist, Gregory Stark seemed to have it all. But there was something that he was missing. The way he made Thor shot through that portal, saving earth. Something that made his report read “Iron man yes, Greg Stark not recommended.”
“Steve, you’re across the continent,” Tony breathed.
Tony turned to see Sasha standing awkwardly between their clasped hands. Tony instinctively let go, “oh, sorry, I-“
“You sure you want that, honey?” Bucky asked.
“Oh good, I thought Greg hacked into my phone again.”
The next couple of weeks were pure agony. Steve berated himself, constantly with a self loathing so intense, he didn’t get out of bed for days after he was freshly kicked out of the house. Tony was… everything to Steve, and just to lose him so quickly- so suddenly after tasting what it was like to live with the omega… it was a crushing blow. What would be worse was having to face Ransom after this whole debacle. Ransom would surely not take this very well, having always been very protective and guarded over what was his.
“Hey,” Steve said back to him, a lazy lion smile affixed on his face.
Not wanting to aggravate the prison guard, even though all the red flags were ringing in his head, he took of his last article of clothing quickly.
“Got skeletons in the closet? Or…” Greg chuckled, “If this is some kind of analogy“
Tony awoke with a jolt. Everything was dark and quiet and he was smothered by strong arms from behind him, arms that did not feel like Obi’s. He tried to slide away from the arms but the person holding him held on tighter, cooing, “it’s alright. I got you.”
“Thanks… uh, Captain Rogers,” Tony said, taking the slip.
“Why are you interviewing for an entry level job at a department store and not NASA?” The manager asked.
Natasha stopped when Steve growled. She sighed, “Steve, I’m just stating facts.”
“You understand why this is so important, Steve. The Mandarin has set his sights on Tony. Now that he owns Stark industries, he wants the man behind the curtain,” Natasha explained.
Steve felt his heart sink in his chest, but he still managed to smile and nod before going into the van and driving off. When he was a sufficient distance away, he parked in a remote area in the suburbs and sobbed till he couldn’t shed any more tears.
“No one knows, not even Hydra. Iron man keeps to himself. He’s very secretive,” Reed said.
“For-“ Steve blanked before sighing, “I guess I want to talk to him.”
“Yeah, I did, but my father could have done far worse,” Tony snapped, eyes widening when he said that.
“What am I going to do with you,” Rogers said almost sweetly.
He was ok with this.
“What’s the survival rate of such cancer?” Steve asked, though his heart was in his throat.
’ came to mind but Tony kept up his brightest false smile and said, “good, good, how can I help you today?”
Tony shook his head jerkily, trying to swallow his hope.
“What?” Bucky asked.
“Steve,” Tony feeling horribly small.
“Alright…” Rogers said with a small frown, not quite believing Tony.
The doctor was saying more things, but he couldn’t seem to hear it.
“Saturday at 2, you don’t have work then right?” Steve asked.
“Yeah…” Tony said, “it was… bad… I have shrapnel in my heart. I had to rig a car battery to my heart just to stay alive… they used it against me… Tortured me for information about how things were made… I told them I didn’t know anything but… they wouldn’t listen.”
“Us,” Steve says, motioning between them, hand stopping just shy of making contact with Tony’s chest. “And the parallels between us and them.”
“What are you doing?” Tony asks, idly wrapping a loose hand around his cock for lack of anything better to do in the interim, but also because he knows he looks good like this and wants Steve to be able to appreciate it.
God, Steve loves him.
Bonnie trails off, and they both can fill in the rest of the sentence.
“A little something to remember me by,” Tony announces, like what he’s done is completely normal and hasn’t shattered Steve’s insides into a million pieces. “Try not to forget anything this time, yeah?”
“Do you know what you’ll do after?” Steve says, an eyebrow raised and one side of his mouth hitched up.
Steve draws himself up to his full height, heart pounding out of his chest as he thinks of
“We off the record here?”
“I thought, if I love you, and other me loved other you, then maybe every version of me to ever exist has always, and will always, love you.”
“I don’t know what to say to him,” Steve admits. They’d come so close to patching things up, so close to reaching what they’d never really had before, and then -
Heart pounding in his ears, Steve rubs his palms against his thighs. “Tony - ”
“Tony,” Steve’d gasped, hand catching on the armor’s pauldron, scrabbling desperately. “We did it? Everyone’s here? No one - ”
“They’re your friends,” she insists, much pushier than Denise ever is. “We’ll survive without you for an hour.”
Carol threatens to photon-beam his mouth shut, and while they antagonistically debate the realities of that statement, Steve leans back on his elbows and admires the cloudless sky. When Tony leans back on his hands, his biceps flex invitingly and Steve can’t resist the temptation to kiss the one nearest him. Tony doesn’t flinch, doesn’t even look at him - he just flips a hand over, and Steve pulls it to him so he can kiss the center of the palm before giving the appendage back to its owner.
“So what,” he starts, “Tony thinks he can just have you call me up and I’ll agree to - ”
Steve knows. “Like a piece of work?” he suggests.
“Hm,” Tony hums, watching close as Steve sucks in good old-fashioned nicotine, savoring the way it sharpens his nerve endings. “Funny.”
Tony just looks at him over the fine white porcelain rim, big brown eyes unblinking and unsettling. Resisting the urge to squirm a little, Steve shoves aside any awkwardness he’s feeling on his end and places the phone down on the table.
Steve watches as neatly manicured fingernails brush a stray few strands of hair away from the casually diamond-studded necklace seated just above her blouse’s modest neckline.
“It’s just an idea,” he says expansively, as if to make sure that Steve knows he means it, that he’s not expecting anything right now. “Right now things have been quiet, but we both know it won’t always be like that. Realistically, the world is going to need some help again, and when that happens, I think you’re a pretty good candidate for teaching the next generation how we did things back in our day.”
“About that,” Steve says before Tony can defend himself, which is fair because there’s not much to defend. “I was thinking. The house has been empty for a couple of years now. He said the neighbor’s son agreed to do some basic upkeep, but I really should head down and evaluate the situation. How do you feel about coming with me?”
Steve apologizes profusely and opens up the call log, excusing himself to the backyard. When he redials, he’s not surprised to hear Bucky.
“I know,” he admits. “But we’re not selling it. And you’re right about the garden. We’ll be back.”
“It will not serve you,” he says deliberately, “to live in the past, and forget the value of the present.”
“Shit,
Steve doesn’t want Tony to be anywhere else. He doesn’t want Tony to do anything else.
“I mean, whatever they are,
“Yeah, with all the food that comes on the plate,” Tony says, impatient, extending a fork loaded with half a strawberry and enough whipped cream to drown a small child. “This is the
The same thing had happened the only other time they shared a bed. Tony had insisted on the luxury of the guest room at Clint’s farmhouse, and with Bruce too tetchy after everything that had gone down, no one else had been willing to bunk with him. Natasha had been in a world of her own and Steve had respected that enough to steer clear.
“Great,” Steve says, meaning it. “Don’t stop looking for Bucky.”
“I want to know what you think,” Tony insists after an hour or so, now sprawled out on the furniture with one heel propped up on the table and his arms crossed under his head. Steve hasn’t moved since sitting down except to cross and uncross his legs.
Some of the others are already drunk, and as Tony slumps against the tiled shower walls, he can hear the reverberations of a good time from a few floors below. He’s nowhere near the party, feels slightly disconnected from it, but that’s okay. When he’s tended to everything, when he’s ready, he’ll join them.
“He’s me,” Steve repeats, like that explains a fucking thing.
There are so many questions. Steve wants to ask where he is, how this place works, and how long he has been here. He hungers to know more, to know everything, but the contentment overrides the urgency and he can feel himself being abruptly towed back underneath to unconsciousness.
“Hello!” he calls out cheerily. “We’re going to be your new neighbors! Nice to meet you!”
it had read in glaring white serif. And then, smaller, underneath in rapidly blurring lettering:
“I had a lot of things.”
“Absolutely not,” Tony interrupts. “I’ve been paying contractors obscene rates in order to get a pool and outdoor kitchen up and running by the time you get here. There is no way - you do not need to chaperone. The number of bodies in that house count as more than enough birth control. I can
They don’t say goodnight, and it’s a long time before Tony’s breathing begins to even out.
Steve rolls his eyes. “Yes, I think we’ll be ready when the time comes. As ready as we can be.”
“Tony flirts with everyone,” Steve defends, ignoring Clint’s
“Maybe they were friends,” Tony suggests. “Maybe he wanted someone to blame. Maybe you scared him straight, and he never kept anything from anyone ever again.”
“We never meant to - ”
There’s a moderately thick layer of dust coating the fireplace mantle, and Tony swipes a wavy trail along the edge while taking in the surprising lack of personal belongings in the living room. He rubs the dust between his thumb and forefinger, inspecting it in the light slanting through the south-facing windows. When he looks up, ready to make some quip about how the teenaged boy a few doors down seems to have slacked on his caretaking duties, he finds himself in an empty room.
He realizes his mistake only a second too late, as Steve blanches. The imperturbable mask threatens to slam violently into place, so Tony hurriedly wraps his arms around Steve’s neck and sloppily kisses him.
The two of them look like they want to argue, but Steve just spins the box around to look at what’s left.
Steve knows he’ll have to convince his legs to work soon, so he can clean himself up before everything gets gross, but he just lies there and drips blood into the sheets while knowing that he could’ve known, could’ve asked and gotten an answer, could’ve had this for real if only he’d been able to work up the courage.
and Steve panics, searching for his phone as the early morning sun sears into the forefront of his pounding head.
He refuses a private room back beyond some cliched velvet ropes, refuses the ostentatious process that comes along with bottle service and has the bartender put their drinks on his tab. It’s a curious dichotomy that Steve attempts to puzzle out, feeling a little less wavy and thinking that he can get this interview back under control before his time with Tony comes to an inevitable end.
“First?”
“Something like that,” Steve groans, and Tony separates just enough to twist a nipple as hard as he can, and he veers viciously close to delirious with the ego boost at Steve’s ensuing growl.
“Why do you ask?”
Steve’s mind goes to places it shouldn’t, and he redirects forcefully. “No, it’s fine,” he says slowly. “I might as well. After all, it’s like you said.” His tongue tries to cleave to the roof of his mouth. “Anyone else would kill for this opportunity.”
