,” Castiel explained in a groan. Dean cracked a small smile and abandoned his task to wrap his boyfriend in a hug. Cas laughed pitifully into Dean’s shoulder.
Cas stoop up and made his way to the entrance. He swung open the door to an unamused British friend. Said British friend brushed past him, into the apartment.
“I understand it just fine,” Castiel retorted, turning around to walk through the living room to get to the stairs since Naomi was blocking the more direct route. Michael gave him a concerned, yet disapproving look as he marched toward the stairs. Castiel ignored it.
“Yeah, whatever, shut up and let me tell my story,” Dean said, a bit of humor starting to return to his demeanor. “As I was saying, I wasn’t gonna be
With a promise that they would hang out more, Charlie dropped Castiel back off at his house. He waved as she drove off and headed up to his front door. After a quick sweep of the lower levels to make sure nothing was out of order, Castiel headed up to his bedroom to sulk in peace.
I had black socks ‘til Friday. Well, I wake up, the whole breakfast fiasco happens, and I change to leave and there’s no fucking socks left!” Dean rambled. “He stole my fucking socks!”
“Ready?” Cas asked. Dean shifted and nodded his head. Castiel smiled and circled his index finger around Dean’s hole. The blond boy’s breath hitched and Castiel kissed him to try to distract him from the intrusion. Once his finger was all the way in, he gave Dean a moment to adjust. Blue eyes looked into green, and Dean gave Castiel silent permission to keep going.
"Oh, shit dude, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get you all sad." Dean looks over at the back of Cas's head. Dean reaches over and grabs Cas's hand, intertwining their fingers.
The drive to Cas’s apartment was uneventful. Dean pulled up to the aforementioned complex and parked his car.
"Ok, ok, gross. I regret asking," Charlie complained. They all laughed and carried on easy conversation for the rest of the evening. Around eleven, they called it a night and went to their respective homes.
“Took you long enough,” Balthazar teased when the call connected. Castiel rolled his eyes and cracked a joke in return. “So how's Lawrence High?” Balthazar asked.
“Yeah? Tell me more,” Castiel coaxed, shifting a bit higher on Dean’s legs so he could take the both of them in his hand. They both groaned at the contact.
“Uhh…” Cas looked around himself and only saw the one they kept next to the pantry; and it wasn’t exactly the biggest container. “Do you think we’ll need many?”
“Oh, I love it so much. It definitely beats running between two apartments all the time. You wouldn’t believe how easily the parts of a suit can get separated. I’m lucky I’m not held to a specific schedule or I’d have been fired for how often I show up late,” Cas told Charlie. His and Dean’s house was a beautiful American Craftsman house that had been a bit of a fixer-upper. Cas would’ve been perfectly happy using his money to buy a recently updated, move-in ready home, but Dean was insistent on buying something that needed a bit more work. Cas relented and they agreed upon their two-story home. Dean started right away on remodeling.
“Hey, Charlie, I think someone stole your front porch,” Dean announced as he entered the living room.
Cas took hold and Dean pulled him to sit on the bed. He laced their fingers together and looked at Cas.
The English teacher grinned and continued their progress towards the bedroom. Once inside, he put a hand on his lover’s chest, stopping him as he leaned in for another kiss. Dean made a confused noise (
Castiel crawled back over and immediately put his mouth on Dean’s aching length, pulling a rough moan from his lover. As he worked his mouth up and down, he reached for the lube, popping it open without Dean noticing. He coated his finger and shifted slightly so he could get the right angle. At the first press of his finger, Dean cursed loudly.
Castiel didn’t realize how cheesy that sounded until after he’d hit send. He blushed and waited while the three gray dots alerted him of a formulating text. He tried to distract from the last text by sending another one.
"Ok, so pick up something from his favorite eatery. He likes that Chinese place down the street from here, right?"
“Mmm,” Castiel hummed, slowly pulling down the offending clothing covering Dean’s erection, “speaking from experience, you should try it a few more times,” he said before mouthing at Dean’s cock beneath his boxers. He pulled those down as well and wasted no time getting to work. Dean’s hands fisted into Cas' hair at the unexpected heat of his boyfriend’s mouth.
"Oh, it's um....it's Castiel." He states, running a hand through his perpetually crazy black hair. He walks over and sits opposite Dean on the couch.
“Just let me know,” and with that, Dean was headed towards the parking lot. Castiel sent a vague text to Naomi on his way to P.E. By the time the final bell rang, he had permission to “go to a friend’s house” under the stipulation that he was home by 6:30pm. Which only gave him three hours. He wasn’t happy about the timeframe, but he was going to take what he could get at this point.
“So what’s the plan now?” Anna asked, starting to chew on the inside of her bottom lip. The boys shared a look and Castiel decided that Anna might as well know about his dad’s ‘offer’.
“I love you,” he said again, still in disbelief that he was actually saying these words to his boyfriend.
In a much better mood than Monday, he arrived at the station. This time, Charlie was passed out with ‘The Lord of the Rings’ face down on her chest. Dean laughed to himself and walked to the sleeping quarters of the building. He sat down on the mattress and leaned his back against the wall.
“Fuck,” Dean breathed out, running the hand that wasn’t trapped under his boyfriend through his damp hair. Cas laughed into Dean’s neck.
The older couple got the loveseat to themselves while the younger boys shared the full couch with Mary (for as long as she would continue watching). The marathon started at nine that morning.
, why did that seem so ominous to him? Maybe Cas didn’t want to find out. I mean, what would happen if he didn’t go to the door? Cas took a deep breath and told himself to calm down. Nothing was wrong.
“Oh, Michael, you made it!” she said, her tone the happiest Castiel had ever heard it. She almost sounded like a real mother who was genuinely happy to see her son. She hugged Michael and smiled at him, slowly turning her attention to the redhead standing next to him.
“Yeah, especially since I brought the good stuff,” Gabriel declared, presenting a bottle of tequila to the room. There was a chorus of groans at the alcohol.
During this time, Cas and Charlie became very good friends. 'Best friends' as Charlie often referred to them. They bonded over Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings. Cas always got an earful of her LARPing activities. She even invited him to come participate whenever he had the chance.
“Well, since both teams are tied 2-2, we’ll play one more as a tie-breaker,” Charlie announced. “This one is called the Cup of Fun.”
Starting out yet again with a stick figure, Dean was quick to guess about a dozen wrong answers, prompting jeers from Gabriel. Castiel quickly added motion lines to the figure, aware that every second counted.
Naomi grabbed a serving plate, strewing its contents across the table. She raised it up and brought it down swiftly over Cas' head. Castiel let out a shout and fell to the floor, trying to scoot as far away from Naomi as possible, but not really succeeding. He could hear noise coming from somewhere else, but it played second fiddle to Naomi’s temper. His thoughts were a jumbled mess, and the dining room was rapidly beginning to blur.
“Your son is in the hospital right now because he doesn’t understand respect. Bartholomew, do you know what he said to me last night?”
“That’s Anna,” Michael said, “she is a feisty one, I tell you what. But she does keep me in line,” he said.
job at protecting your son!” Dean shot back, crowding closer towards Bart. Castiel covered his eyes and Mary sprang up from her seat. She grabbed her son and practically dragged him into the hallway.
“You’re right. I should be happy I even have a job at all. 24 and unemployed was bad enough, I wasn’t shooting for 25. These past few months have been...awful,” he admitted with a laugh.
“Thanks,” Castiel chuckled, swaying slightly when Dean moved away from him to hang his coat up. “Maybe I shouldn’t have indulged so much in the champagne,” he admitted. Dean chuckled.
"Well, it's getting late, he should probably head home," she told him. Dean would be lying if he said he was expecting that. He thought for sure that he and Cas were busted. That being said, he still didn’t want his boyfriend to leave.
"Mmm, Dean," he moaned into the pillow. Dean pressed one finger in, going torturously slow. He pulled it out, then pushed it back in. After a few thrusts, he added a second finger and started scissoring Cas open. Dean leaned down to whisper into Cas's ear.
"You're just jealous." Dean countered. A couple hours later, the sirens blared and the Dream Team was racing to the scene.
“Sorry about having to move up Game Night,” Jo said as she and Dean walked upstairs to their classrooms.
"Gabe! Stop talking with food in your mouth, it's gross." Jo complained. Gabe stuck out a saucy tongue in response. He swallowed and spoke again.
Dean tried to let the comment go, he really did. He tried to forget it as they pulled out their homework. He tried to forget it when he copied Charlie’s answer for number one. He tried to forget it as he stared blankly at his textbook, pretending to look for answers.
“Ok,” Bart finally acquiesced, “but if you change your mind, you know where to find us,” he stood up and clapped his hand on his son’s knee before making his exit.
Dean rolled his eyes and let out a gruff, “‘m fine,” his family didn’t believe him for a second, but they decided to give him some space.
“What…where…where are you gonna live now?” He asked. He had been harboring a fear that Cas would leave this town and move across the country. It was stupid, but Dean was still terrified of the idea.
As he kissed Dean at midnight, he felt so overwhelmed with love that he thought he was literally going to melt into a puddle. He also realized that he could do this whenever he wanted, wherever he wanted. They didn’t have to be a secret anymore. He could scream it from the rooftops if he wanted to!
to anything. She went into the den and grabbed a blanket to cover them with. After she was done, she returned upstairs to get started on dinner. She wondered if Castiel would be joining them.
held responsible...at least a little bit. Maybe I did ‘sell out’,” he said, using actual air quotes, causing his friend to laugh, “but at least I could buy a little peace of mind.”
After dropping his grocery items off at home, Cas looked around and noticed how dirty his apartment was. At least, it was dirty for someone who was only half moved in. He cleaned up the place and decided to have a late lunch. Afterword, he started brainstorming ideas to let Dean know how sorry he was. He found the perfect way to do so in a little over an hour of thinking. He embarked on his journey to his boyfriend’s apartment.
“Huh, so that’s...that?” Dean asked, unable to think of anything else to say. How was he supposed to comfort Cas? Dean had never been in any situation close to this; it wasn’t like he could offer him advice.
When she came up empty, she swiped right, pulling up his notifications. She scrolled down and could’ve squealed when she saw he had Dean as one of his ‘favorites’ on speed dial. She clicked the icon and sat on the edge of the bed.
“Yeah, so about a couple months in, I’d say, she starts talking to that guy again. I was a little annoyed, since I was the one she sort of emotionally unloaded on about him. But I thought she really hated him by the way she talked about him when we first reconnected. I didn’t feel like he was gonna be a threat or whatever,” Dean went on. Castiel nodded his head in understanding.
“Unhand the poor guy,” Charlie said. Dean threw her a grateful look and presented the case of beer he brought.
“I’m not going to make you call her mom,” Michael said, proceeding to walk again. Castiel caught up and they finished their walk in silence. When they arrived home, Castiel retreated up to his bedroom and pulled out his phone.
Cas chuckled to himself. Leave it to Dean to make him laugh while he’s wound this tight. He looked up at Dean and relaxed. He could get through this.
“Maybe I can teach you sometime,” Castiel offered, “if you’re good,” he added with a devilish smile.
A goddamn green shell. He couldn't dodge a green shell. What was this? Amateur hour? He shook his head and rushed to catch up to Cas. A blue streak flew across the sky and Dean gave a knowing smirk.
“You know, I bet she’d really appreciate it if you started calling her mom,” Michael said. Castiel immediately halted.
The next day, after having breakfast with Balthazar and his father, Castiel started the long journey home.
“A week?! I don’t want to move!” Castiel protested. “I have friends here, I don’t want to be the new kid at the end of junior year! Where am I gonna go to school? How am I supposed to just start over like that? Why are we moving
"If you tell mom what we were doing I swear to god I'll fuckin’ kill you," Dean said lowly. "What did she want?"
“W-wouldn’t dream of it,” Dean panted as Castiel picked up his pace once more. Cas shoved his arms underneath Dean’s back to clutch at his shoulders, giving him more leverage to pound into Dean.
“Did your brother really do that?” he whispered. Castiel felt shame rise inside him. He nodded to answer Sam’s question and realized it wasn’t shame rising inside him. He quickly pushed Sam aside and ran towards the bathroom, emptying the contents of his stomach before slumping next to the toilet. Castiel cried almost as hard as when his father told him about his mother’s death. He didn’t know Michael had driven Alfie that far. He didn’t know his friend was in so much pain. He was so busy talking to Alfie about his own problems that Alfie never had the chance to discuss his own.
“We picked teams right before you showed up, Dean,” Charlie said, “It’ll be you, Jo, and Balthazar against me and those two.”
At the same time all too soon, and not soon enough, Dean was pulling into Cas' neighborhood. He decided to pass by the front of the house and then go to the park around back.
“Most of Naomi’s folk have filtered out, and a few of them didn’t want their ‘goodie’, so…” she looked pointedly at the stairs and then back at Cas. The boy smiled and stood up.
“You so sure about that?” Cas challenged. Dean crawled up Castiel’s body and answered his challenge with a searing kiss. Dean started moving to other parts of Cas' body, making sure to pay special attention to Cas' nipples before descending down, down, down Castiel’s body.
guest bedrooms, for crying out loud! And the office on the main floor could easily be converted into a third. Instead of fighting it, he clenched his jaw and grabbed the bags harshly, making his way up the stairs as Naomi started to give Anna the nickel tour. Although, Castiel thought bitterly, if Naomi were actually going to start charging for tours, they’d cost a lot more than that.
“And like...ok, I get it. You gotta teach for the principal...it’s fine, take my socks, I get it. But after school, I’m like...we gotta do laundry, and we’re outta fucking food. So I text him, I ask if he can swing by the store before Game Night. He says ‘no. gotta talk to Chuck’ and nothing else. I’m like fuck, ok, I can grab the groceries. I ask him if he could at least throw one load in before he left for Charlie’s. He said yeah, he can do that,” Dean paused to sip his drink and stare out at the steady snowfall out the window.
Dean did catch Balthazar looking between Castiel and him, seemingly trying to figure something out. When Castiel had audibly realized that it was Dean’s birthday, Balthazar was the only one that understood the full implications of Castiel forgetting.
After an amazing twenty minutes under the hot spray of water, the men were still very naked and still very turned on. Cas was pinned on the bed by Dean’s weight. Dean shifted and Cas winced in pain.
School went by easily enough. Castiel swore he could feel a bit of thrumming electricity in the air, but that might’ve just been him. Still, he did overhear people talking about his party. That made everything feel that much more tangible.
"Daddy! Tell Cas to put me down!" Aiden said, his face growing red as he continued to talk and giggle upside down. Cas got the hint and turned him upright and set him down. Aiden smiled up at him and ran off in the direction of his room. The men watched the little tyke until he was out of their line of sight. Cas turned to Dean.
“I guess I could be persuaded into a second date,” Castiel said before taking a sip of his blue raspberry drink. “Can I ask you something?”
“Don’t get smart with me,” Naomi warned. Castiel almost laughed at her choice of words. Now wouldn’t that be a travesty: if Castiel were “smart”. When he didn’t offer her an explanation outright, she prompted, “Well? What do you have to say to that?”
“Uhh...well, you know how they say hindsight is 20/20? Yeah, I think regular sight shoulda caught this one but...I’m not the smartest so,” Dean started, standing up from the bed and walking towards the opposite wall. Castiel rolled his eyes at the self-deprecation, but decided to let Dean keep telling his story.
“I was just reading between the lines, baby,” Dean said, gaze locked onto those captivating blue irises. Castiel gave him a skeptical look, so Dean continued, “all that talk about being in control? Once we got into the bedroom and I learned the
"Maybe just three minutes." Dean comments. "Run. Now!" Dean grabs Castiel's bicep as he starts booking it towards the trees. Castiel keeps tripping over roots, but Dean is still right beside him. They don't slow down for what feels like a mile. Castiel's lungs are burning when Dean halts him amidst the trees.
because of that stupid fucking thing?” he complained. Then, his eyes widened in horror as he realized what had just escaped his lips. He turned sharply to Balthazar and said, “I’m sorry, I shouldn’a said that. You didn’t need to know that.”
"Hello, Dean." He said hoarsely. Dean smiled and leaned back down, covering his boyfriend's mouth with his own. Cas placed his hands on Dean's hips and pulled him on top of himself.
Dean folded his leg, bringing his heel towards himself so he could sit sideways on the bed. He took Castiel’s face in his hands, looking at him intently. He smiled somberly at the small bruise forming in Castiel’s right eye.
I told you to the first time,” she said, brushing past her stepson to take the dirty laundry downstairs.
“Do you want to go somewhere and hang out? Oh, we could show Cas around Kansas! I bet he hasn’t gotten the chance to see much of it. Please, please, pleeeease,” Charlie begged. Dean thought it over briefly for a moment before rolling his eyes. If Charlie really wanted something, she got it. He was not strong enough to say no to her; he didn’t think there was anyone who could accomplish such a feat. He shrugged his shoulders and surrendered, knowing he’d save energy doing so. He was going to need all the energy he could get if he was spending the day with Charlie.
“No it is not,” He replied with a grin. Cas leaned back down and kissed him again. Dean flipped them so Cas was pinned under him. Dean continued kissing Cas, everything moving with the fluidity of a well oiled machine.
“Hurry up?” Dean asked. His question was answered when Castiel kissed him. He caught on quickly and returned the kiss passionately. He tried to change positions, but the hammock was too wobbly for him to get comfortable.
In nothing but a damp towel, Castiel transferred the wet clothes to the dryer and set a timer to put in the next load. It took longer for their clothes to dry, and he didn’t want a load just sitting in the washer as he waited for the dryer. He returned to the bathroom and hung the towel back on the rack, slipping the pair of boxers he’d worn that day back on. He hated doing that, but he had to wear something while he waited for the laundry.
Once they reconvened, they decided that Charlie’s team would kick off this category. It appeared to be a little tougher, Charlie only managing to guess seven before the time ran out.
Castiel woke up with a start. He wiped the drool off his cheek with a disgusted face. He really crashed last night.
“Well, if you facetime him, he’d see your shiner, and there’s your opener right there,” Charlie said, causing Castiel to laugh despite himself.
“Well, to what do we owe the pleasure?” Balthazar said as he stopped his treadmill. Charlie strode up to the machines and leaned against the French teacher’s.
“Uh, yeah. I’ll text you before I walk inside. I probably won’t have a phone after I enter my house,” Castiel sighed and resigned himself to the ass-chewing he would undoubtedly receive when he got home. Dean opened the door for him and waved as Cas pulled out of the driveway.
Three hours and countless times getting dunked, Dean spotted Cas in the crowd. He called over for a relief victim before grabbing a towel and heading over the greet Cas.
“Thank you so much,” Castiel said. The rest of the dinner went smoothly and Mary reminded Dean to leave the door open as the boys made their way downstairs.
Charlie’s dad sat in the driver’s seat, his wife occupying the passenger’s seat. A few family friends occupied the front end of the boat, which left the three teens on the back bench. Dean sat in the middle, Charlie on his left and Castiel on his right. All of their heads turned upwards as the first few fireworks soared into the night sky.
Dean blushed slightly and looked around for more people to introduce Cas to. He found his opportunity with Jo.
"Oh, Dean. That's awful. I'm so sorry to hear about it," Cas said, dumbfounded. How had he not heard about this at all? He guessed that just showed how new this relationship really was.
"I'm ready Dean, just fuck me please." Dean doesn't need to be told twice and he removes his fingers, causing Cas to whine at the loss of contact.
He caught up to Cas in the hallway and grabbed him by the waist to keep him from making it to their bedroom. He pushed his chest against the wall and pressed his body into Cas’ back. Cas could feel his boyfriend’s erection through two layers of denim.
Cas smiled and felt his eyes water just a tiny bit. He remembered vividly when he left notes around for Dean. Except then, he was apologizing. Cas started to wonder if Dean was apologizing for something in advance. With a small forming pit in his stomach, Cas moved into the bedroom, not even checking to see if Charlie was following him. He strode over to the dresser and collected the note resting atop it.
“Uh, no. I’m fine,” he dismissed. Garth gave him a skeptical look, but seemed to let it go. Dean threw another look at Jo when the counselor wasn’t looking.
"Clean the house!" Charlie all but shouted. "But that's not enough. Buy him something. Like...has he mentioned anything he's really wanted?"
“And maybe I could sleep in every once in a while,” Castiel said, pressing his lips against Dean’s once more. “Or maybe invest in some concealer.”
“How about we grab something to eat? I’m starving,” Balthazar said, picking up on the discomfort Cas was feeling after he had brought up Naomi. Cas nodded, and they went out in search of food.
“Heya Cas,” he greeted, “glad to see you two...worked things out,” he said. Dean turned and leaned against the car right next to Cas. “Even if he is the dumbest boy alive.”
“Is Balthazar a good guy?” Dean asked. Alfie seemed to go back and forth in his own head, weighing out the pros and cons of Castiel’s friend.
“Oh, come now,” Balthazar complained, taking another step, closing most of the gap between the two, “you don’t really expect me to believe that.”
"Oh, did you see that?! Ha! Classic!" Dean bellowed after having struck Cas with a red shell, causing poor Toad to spin out and Princess Peach quickly took the lead. "Cheap shot," Cas rebutted. He playfully bumped Dean's shoulder and scrambled to catch up.
“Cas? Cas,” he coaxed, gently shaking the teen’s shoulder. Cas opened his heavy eyes to see who had disturbed him.
“I don't get why that kid is in such a hurry. It's Monday. Why does he need to be at school so early on a
“Shit, Dean...Dean,” Castiel called out, abandoning his work of art in favor of getting lost in the sensation. He could feel the body below him tense up more and more. He reached down and took Dean’s cock in his hand. The combination of prostate stimulation and attention to his cock had Dean practically screaming out Cas’ name.
“Well, Uh-Castiel, are you ready to learn all the wonders of the technological world?” The kid asked. Castiel was saved from having to answer because at that moment the teacher walked in and hushed the students.
Dean went back upstairs to watch TV with Sam and his mom. Apparently, his mood showed on his face, because Mary was on him as soon as he sat down.
Now, both completely naked, Dean slots his body on top of Cas's causing glorious friction for both of them. He reattaches his lips to Cas's and takes both of them in one hand. He starts a slow rhythm, quickly picking up speed with the need of completion.
“I stopped going because I didn’t need it,” Castiel said sharply, cutting Dean off. He really hadn’t prepared for this. Under no circumstances did he foresee this part of his past coming into play so early in the relationship.
Dean knew he was spiralling, but he couldn’t help it. He and Cas hadn’t been talking as frequently as they usually did, and that alone had Dean feeling distant from Cas. Not knowing the full truth about the whole Balthazar situation was more impactful than Dean would ever admit to. Did he even know his boyfriend? At all? And he couldn’t call Cas or go talk about it with him because of Naomi and the anniversary and-
Dean was surprised when he went to lean back, but Castiel kept him close, gripping his hand to keep it against his face. He kissed Dean again, this time with more passion. Dean got the message and eagerly kissed back, leaning forward until Cas’ back returned to the headboard. The physics teacher swung a leg over so he could sit in his boyfriend’s lap as they continued to trade increasingly heated kisses. Castiel even nipped at Dean’s bottom lip, eliciting a low growl from the man.
“My grandma drinks it,” Charlie explained, “don’t knock it - she’s in her 90s and still going strong.”
Sorry my updates are random and inconsistent as my life is those things as well as redundant and self repeating
“What the hell was that about?” Charlie asked when Cas was out of earshot. Dean just stabbed at his macaroni and cheese, not even bothering to pretend like he was going to eat it. “I thought you said you were going to talk to him first hour.”
"Crawl up the bed," he commanded. Dean followed Cas's directions and rested his head on the pillows. Cas crawled up between his legs and shot Dean a mischievous look before mouthing at Dean's erection through his boxers.
He made a beeline for the back door, disregarding anyone or anything that tried to stop him. He made his way towards the park, and that’s all he could remember before passing out.
After a few moments, Castiel brushed passed his father and headed up to his room. He heard Naomi start to explain the situation, but he didn't stick around long enough to actually hear anything she said.
“Don’t go too hard on him. Something’s been bothering him for a few days. He’s been sulky all weekend,” she divulged. Castiel gave a tight smile.
“Maybe we can keep it between us...scope it out for a little while before doing anything? If the administration is homophobic at Middlefield, we can at least have some fun with it before we get kicked out,” Castiel suggested. Dean smiled, a little melancholy. Cas’ joke was funny, but it still stung that they even had to think about contingency plans should Middlefield fire them. Just because they fell in love and happen to have the same genitalia? Dean thought society had progressed past that mentality.
“My dad’s on a date tonight. I have the place to myself,” Balthazar said, raising his eyebrows and shrugging a shoulder as a way of asking if Castiel wanted this. The younger boy seemed to really think about it. In the end, he nodded and the two boys headed up to the apartment.
in college anymore,” Balthazar pointed out. Gabriel scoffed and set the bottle on the coffee table in the center of the room.
“Well...I’ve been kind of interested in the law...and I was reading about emancipation. You only have to be 16 to apply, and you can-”
“Half past five,” Castiel replied. Dean groaned his disapproval and rolled onto his side, pulling the covers up so just his head remained visible. “I don’t even get a goodbye kiss?” Castiel complained good naturedly. One of Dean’s eyes peeked open and he used his right arm to pull Cas close to his chest. He squeezed tightly for a few seconds before easing up and leaning in to kiss Castiel soundly on the lips.
So, after getting past the foreign feeling of playing games outside at night, Castiel actually had a very good time. There was a smile on his face the entire night. Well...almost the entire night. There was one part where Dean was a cop and he was a fugitive and Dean
Charlie seemed to consider this, and ultimately agreed that she could suffer being partnered with Gabriel so long as they finally got Dean and Castiel together tonight. The host pulled down two wine glasses from the cabinet and filled them generously. She raised it towards Jo and toasted, “to winning this bet.”
Castiel relayed his and Alfie’s story, not able to look Mary in the eye. After he was finished, Mary took a long sip of her tea.
Thank you for keeping up with me so far. Track is starting up so I won't have as much time to write. Bear with me here.
"Gladly," Cas spat back. He took back his phone and his keys from their night stand drawer and stormed out. He turned on his phone and called Dean as he collected random clothes from his closet.
The rest of the movie passed in uncomfortable silence. When the credits started to roll, Dean spoke up.
dry and he was not in his apartment. He started to notice a dull thrum of pain coursing through his body. He groaned.
“Um, yep. Dean and I are pretty good friends,” he said with a tight smile, returning his focus to his plate.
Within a few minutes, Dean was on the edge, breathing heavily as Cas continued to bob up and down on his dick. Cas' hips were still grinding into the mattress, seeking any form of friction available. With his right hand, Cas cradled Dean’s balls. He felt them draw tight and with only a tug on his hair as a warning, Dean was spilling into Cas' mouth.
Cas kept his sights on Peach's pink motorcycle. He was able to dart ahead to second place in no time. As he approached his second lap, he was blindsided by a red shell. He groaned in frustration as he watched Toad fall off the edge. When he was replaced on the map, he had dropped down to 7th place! He needed a miracle. The next item cube he crashed into gave him just that. He smirked as he used his power up, turning his character into a speeding bullet, taking out characters left and right. To Cas's satisfaction, Bowser just so happened to be one of those characters. At the end of the bullet' run, he had managed to make up a lot of lost ground. He returned to second place.
"C'mon Cas!" Dean pleaded. The dark haired man took mercy on him and unzipped Dean's jeans, pulling them completely off.
He secured Dean’s wrists to the headboard nonetheless, tugging slightly to make sure it wouldn’t fall apart completely. He smiled to himself when it held up and Dean bit his lip when they made eye contact. Cas leaned down and kissed him once more.
opened up to you and that’s what you say? ‘I’m not your mom’? Seriously? That was really personal information, Dean."
“Is today the anniversary of when his mom…oh shit,” Dean trailed off, a wave of understanding washing over him. Sam was still confused.
"Cas, are you hurt? Why are you limping?" Dean was just given coughs for an answer. Benny met them at the door they entered in.
So you want me to stop doing this?" Cas said as he licked a stripe up the side of Dean's neck before blowing cool air over it.
“No shit? Well, maybe I misjudged ya, Balth,” Dean said, clapping his coworker’s shoulder with his hand. Dean slowly turned his focus to what was outside the car. “Holy shit, I’m home.”
“Dean,” she called when she saw him heading back towards Castiel’s room. The teen stopped and turned towards his mother.
“I should invest in a gag for that smart mouth,” he threatened. Dean just winked at him. They laughed and Castiel leaned down to kiss him once more before he lined himself up.
“Well then that’ll make this a lot easier.” Cas said devilishly as he snuck his left hand under Dean’s waist band. Dean’s breath hitched when Cas started slowly dragging his hand up and down Dean’s length. The taller man ran his fingers through Cas’s hair and rested his hand on the back of Cas’s head.
“Aww, you guys are in looove,” Gabe teased in a high pitched voice. Dean walked over and snatched his phone from Gabriel’s paws.
“What?” Dean cautioned, caught completely off guard by the sudden switch of Mary’s tone. She walked closer to him, pointing an accusatory finger at his neck.
off. Then what happens to you?” Anna searched Cas' face for understanding. She needed to get through to him; he could
“Oh believe me, I know,” Anna said in response to the scoff, “I’m working on it,” she flashed him a conspiratorial smile. Castiel found himself smiling back.
“Um, super awkward, but I’m Jo, from the fire station. We met at the store briefly like a month ago.” Jo said.
“I’m just sayin,” Charlie started, “if I was straight and Dean was out of the picture…” she trailed off. Castiel blushed and looked down at himself. He suddenly felt a little self-conscious about being just in sweatpants. Charlie seemed to snap out of it. “Sorry! Totally not appropriate,” she amended. Castiel just laughed. He checked his pockets for his phone, but realized he’d left it upstairs.
Cas had nowhere he had to be for work today, so he planned on running some errands and coming back home to relax. He dressed in his favorite pair of dark blue jeans and a gray tee shirt. He slipped on his shoes, grabbed his keys, and headed out the door.
Bart looked almost...disappointed and let out a slow breath. He rubbed his hands up and down his thighs as he thought of what to say next.
“Of course, baby,” Dean replied, dragging Castiel up from the floor and planting a solid kiss right on those familiar lips. He pulled back and wiped a tear from Cas’ cheek with his right hand as Cas slipped the ring onto his left. Dean smiled as Castiel revered the jewelry around his finger. In his first act of surprising Castiel for the rest of his life, he picked the man up from the waist and threw him over his shoulder.
Castiel laughed and stood up as well. Dean leveled him a glare and Castiel stretched his arms out in front of him.
When they had finished their popcorn, Dean stretched out and laid his arm along the back of the couch. Castiel took a peek out of the corner of his eye to see if he could find out what was going on. Dean’s eyes remained trained on the TV screen.
“I don’t know, maybe because we’ve been friends forever and he’s new here, so maybe he thought we were making fun of him behind his back,” Dean explained. Charlie opened her mouth to argue, but a look of clarity washed over her face.
He filled a glass with water and snagged a couple ibuprofen out of the medicine cabinet in the bathroom. He placed those on his nightstand and looked down at his sleeping boyfriend. He shook his head.
“Holy shit, baby, you’re amazing,” Dean praised. He kept rambling sweet nothings until he was too incoherent to speak. Then sensations built and built until it all came crashing down in a wonderful crescendo. Dean spilled into Cas’s mouth with a shout and a sharp tug at his hair. Cas trailed kissed back up Dean’s torso before placing a sloppy kiss to the fireman’s mouth.
,” Cas gawked at the awful pick up line. They laughed as they slotted their bodies perfectly into each other.
“Like what?” Jo asked, looking over her shoulder to check if the boys were listening from the other room. The coast was clear.
The hot-spots of the party were the kitchen (where the alcohol was flowing freely) and the basement (where there was a ping-pong table). There was a small group of kids in the living room on the main floor dancing and playing drinking games. Castiel knew there was going to be a portion of party-goers that just wanted to hook up, so he took extra precautions protecting his parents’ room from being defiled. Don’t get him wrong - he thought it would be hilarious to have wholly unsupervised, horny teenagers getting it on where Naomi slept, but he wasn’t about to risk getting caught because of a questionable stain or a misplaced item.
“Yeah, babe, it’s me. Um...I brought someone,” he said, standing aside so Cas could see the other visitor.
“Uhh, no,” he deflected eloquently, making a move to flee the kitchen as quickly as possible. Mary blocked his path, putting both hands on her hips.
In spite of Naomi’s demands, Castiel sighed happily as he parked in the driveway. Today had been an exceptionally good day. A smile graced his lips as he unlocked the front door and stepped inside. He quickly unlaced his boots and hung up his coat and scarf. He made a slight detour to the kitchen, saying a quick hello to Michael and Anna who were in the living room, before finding something to tide him over until supper.
A week in Kansas proved to be quite difficult for Castiel. While Ash and he developed a fun banter during class, and he was getting reacquainted with Alfie, he didn’t really talk to them - or anybody - outside of school. His dad spent most of his time away on business, and his closest friend was eight hours away, so he was trapped in the house with Naomi every night.
“Of course, sweetheart,” Castiel replied, kissing him once more before retrieving the lube from their bedside drawer. He worked Dean open steadily, neither of them in a rush to do anything else anytime soon. As Dean was reduced to a mumbling pile of goo, Castiel left kisses everywhere he could.
worked on Tuesdays. She swapped shifts with a different teller and-and,” Castiel cursed himself as he felt a tear slip out. “And some fucking assholes decided to rob the place. They didn’t mean to shoot her, but one of the guys got a little too jumpy and as she reached for the panic button, he fired off three bullets. One shattered the glass in front of her and the other two got her in the chest,” Castiel said, voice trembling. Dean gathered Cas into his arms and just held him. “She wasn’t supposed to be there, she wasn’t supposed to die,” Castiel cried into his chest.
“Yes, quite possibly the most notorious night game. You split up depending on how many people are playing total. Robbers should outnumber cops
to think about how messed up her boarding-school comment was. He kept his eyes trained on the stove across the room.
“Only the best part of the summer!” Dean answered. “Count us in, Alfie,” Dean said, excitement obvious on his face. Alfie grinned and followed Sam back upstairs.
Castiel was glued to his chair, unable to move or speak. He had no idea what was coming next. For once in his short time around Naomi, he had no comeback. No one-liner. No defense.
Apparently, Dean was a lot closer than Castiel anticipated, because after only four or five strokes, Dean’s eyes screwed shut and he came over his own chest and Castiel’s hand.
“Gorgeous,” he whispered, causing Dean to blush slightly. Castiel leaned down, dodging Dean’s lips at the last second, eliciting a groan out of the restrained man. Cas attached his lips to Dean’s collarbone instead, nibbling every so often. Usually, Dean would grab a fistful of Cas’ hair and guide him back up to his mouth, but Cas was at an advantage and he planned to make very good use of it.
), Castiel fucked into Dean ruthlessly, a bruising grip on his boyfriend’s hips. Dean moaned out strings of praises, most of them incoherent, but Castiel didn’t mind.
“He’s been leaving me files for over a week now. I’m sure you’ve heard about it? Or at least noticed the influx of paperwork. I am quite efficient if I do say so myself.”
“Mmmm, Cassss,” he moaned, licking at the shell of his boyfriend’s ear. Once he had a moment to catch his breath, he slipped out of Cas and turned him around. He kissed Castiel’s lips hungrily despite still coming down from the high of his orgasm. Cas draped his arms around Dean’s neck and kissed back wholeheartedly. He could feel the cum starting to drip out of his ass and down his leg.
"That’s ok. If your free tomorrow, we could do it after I get off work." Dean smiled. “That’d be awesome, Cas. Um, does like seven work? I remember how to get to your place so I’ll see you then. I have to get back to the lot before Jo hot-wires my car and drives back herself.”
“I believe Mr. Winchester has an explanation for you,” he said, giving the floor to the physics teacher. Dean grabbed the back of his neck and chuckled nervously.
of it. I put you into some really shitty situations. I want to make up for that, and I need you to tell me what Michael said to you when he dropped you off that night,” Castiel said, voice filled with a grab bag of emotions; the most prevalent one being desperation. Alfie tensed up again and new tears threatened to fall from his eyes. He just shook his head.
They were so close to the doors when a chunk of the ceiling came down. It took Benny and Cas down. Benny's leg was pinned and Cas looked unconscious. Dean yelped in surprise and rushed to get the debris off of them.
“You suck. You get an early out? Really?” Dean just shrugged and laughed. “What else do you have, anyway?” Castiel asked, snatching the paper from Dean’s hands. “Let’s see, Government,
“I think Balthazar might’ve been a little jealous that I wasn’t spending all night focusing on him, and Dean was being an idiot,” Charlie nodded at her friend’s assessment. “I mean...how cliche? Starting a
"Benny, he can't walk right, we gotta help him." Dean said. They propped Cas between them and headed for the exit. The flames had grown even larger since they entered.
Castiel kept thrusting, Dean pulling harder and harder at his restraints. The air was heavy with their combined scent, and they were each working up a sweat. Castiel attached his mouth to Dean’s neck, biting down just on this edge of painful. That was definitely leaving a mark. Dean moaned once again, all of his senses rapidly becoming overloaded.
“But before we think about that…” Castiel said, changing the subject by letting his hand wander down Dean’s back and grab hold of his ass. Dean smirked and kissed his boyfriend, reaching for the hand that was assaulting him.
With trembling hands, Sam started the car and pulled out of the park, stopping and starting very harshly.
Dean obeyed the note and found a jug of apple juice on the shelf. His laugh took him by surprise. There was a sticky note on the bottle.
Dean opened his mouth to argue before he shut it and seemed to register what his little brother said. It’s not like Mary was standing guard; he really could just walk out.
“Ah, yes, well...Gabriel does have a tendency to get us drunker than we anticipate,” he agreed, “did you like the company, at least?”
“Don’t tell mom,” Sam pleaded, feet frozen to the floor as his brother assessed the situation. Dean’s face broke out into his ‘oh this is just too good’ smile. He laughed before raising his hands in surrender.
“No, baby,” he said, “it won’t take that long. Stay here and get that calc homework done. I’ll be back in two shakes,” Castiel said, stepping forward and kissing Dean before grabbing his keys and heading out. Dean was still pouting when he left, but Castiel thought it was better to be safe than sorry. He couldn’t afford Naomi taking Dean away from him, too.
“I can’t believe you got him to agree to date you a second time,” Benny teased, “on a more serious note, I’m glad y’all are back together. Your songs might be popular with the masses, but they’re too damn whiny for me.”
With that, the line went dead. Anna nodded to herself and started gathering up things she thought Castiel might need. She found a duffel bag in the closet and packed his phone, charger, laptop, and keys. She threw in some extra clothes and his toothbrush before making her way back downstairs. She grabbed his coat and his shoes and shoved them in.
This was too much for him. He was seventeen for god’s sake, why was he being asked to make the final call on this?!
“Yeah, and it was fine...we uh, we ended up in his bedroom, and after,” Dean stopped himself, deciding Charlie didn’t need to know
“That’s not what I meant,” Castiel said, a tinge of anger lining his voice. Their eyes met again and they stared at each other for a long time, a silent conversation carrying on between the two. Cas could tell Dean was getting more agitated by the second.
"She didn’t tell you?" Cas asked. He was a bit shocked his father didn’t know. He was sure Naomi would’ve complained to her husband about Castiel’s ‘unruly behavior’.
“Ok. If you’re comfortable with that,” he said, shocking Castiel. Instead of questioning Dean, he decided to just take the win. After another episode, Mary called everyone up for dinner. Dean shut his laptop and rolled off the bed. Cas stayed where he was, watching Dean as he made his way around the bed to go upstairs.
Cas sat there for a second. A ding from his computer reminded him of the work he needed to get done. Begrudgingly, he packed up and left without another word.
Castiel ended up taking Balthazar roughly, releasing his frustration with his hips. Of course, Balthazar was spitting out strings of encouragement, doing his best to help lift his friend’s spirits. After it was all said and done, Castiel redressed and Balthazar went to his closet to pick out pajamas for the night. Balthazar transferred his clothes to the bathroom across the hallway and Castiel followed.
They sat in silence again. Dean staring at the contents of his mug, but never making a move to drink it. Balthazar safely deduced that Dean was not a tea-drinker. He filed that away in case he ever found the man roaming the streets like a lost dog again.
Castiel did just that and quickly paced to his closet. He couldn’t leave his house in pajamas, after all.
“Uh, yeah. He’s twenty, going to school to be a lawyer, pro bono stuff. We haven’t talked much because of our schedules. I haven’t seen him since he left for Stanford when he was eighteen.” Dean got a sort of misty look, he was staring off, as if he were in a different place.
After their food was gone, they decided to search through Netflix, landing on Parks & Recreation.They sat with their thighs touching and their hands woven together. Cas rested his head on Dean's shoulder as they continued to watch the show.
“I don’t need your condescension about my coffee consumption,” Charlie barked back. Dean raised his hands in defense and tucked back into his waffles. They both finished their breakfast in silence, choosing to eat their waffles before the syrup made them too soggy. When they were both finished, Charlie spoke up.
Cas mentally ran through the argument in his head. If he was completely honest, he wasn’t paying much attention to what either of them had said.
“I-I’m sorry. I just got held up and-and...I’m sorry,” Dean stammered. Castiel lifted his glass to his lips and held the liquid in his mouth for a while before swallowing.
Dean smiled at his phone. Those three words were still so new, they sent a spark of happiness through him.
"Yeah, well. The world will never be short of bigoted assholes," Dean quipped. "But, yeah. Noah also kind of helped me see that I wanted to be a fireman. Like, I always had this thought in the back of my head that if I could save
After all the wrapping paper was cleaned up, Sam insisted they all watch a movie together. Dean, looking the happiest Cas had seen him in days, agreed wholeheartedly and went to the kitchen to make popcorn. This scene of near perfect domestic bliss made Cas think about his own family. His heart clenched as he wanted nothing more than to be with his father, Anna, and Michael over the holiday. This was the first time he’d ever been away from them, and although he wasn’t on the best terms with most of them, he still yearned to go back to those simpler times.
There's chapter 8 for you. Awwww, they're in love! In case you didn't know before, Misha actually named his firstborn West Anaximander Collins, so that's where that comes from. Kudos and comments are welcome, thanks for reading!
"Something tells me that's not the whole story." She said. Dean stood up and waved Charlie to come closer. He had a look of dread on his face and Charlie knew this would be good gossip.
They each grabbed a plateful and sat down to eat. Sam chattered on excitedly about what he got Alfie for Christmas, and how he was anxious to see what Alfie got him. Mary smiled at her youngest, but noticed Dean still looking rather sullen.
He parked his car in the driveway and strode up to the front door. He took his shoes off in the entryway and headed towards the stairs. Before he could make it, his father stopped him.
Jo, Dean, and Balthazar stood up, preparing for the game. They decided to have Balthazar be the first one to guess, so Jo fired up the app on her phone and handed it to him. They agreed on the category of ‘animals’ this round.
Dean didn’t comment as he made his way towards their bedroom. He shut the door behind him, and Castiel cursed as he let out a deep sigh. He returned to the kitchen to collect all of the plastic bags and shove them into another plastic bag which he shoved in the cabinet under the sink.
Castiel’s eyes darkened at those words. He surged forward, claiming Dean’s mouth in a rough kiss and pounding into the man. They both groaned at the sensation.
“We better hope Balthazar doesn’t choose something like strip poker tomorrow. We’ll have some explaining to do,” Castiel said. Dean huffed a laugh and snuggled closer into Cas.
“Aren’t you a charmer.” Cas said breathlessly. They both smiled and Dean abruptly slammed back into Cas. The dark haired man groaned and reached out for Dean’s hand. Once he had a hold of it, he shifted slightly.
“A child,” she corrected, “children are not allowed to leave the house without permission, and until you can show me you aren’t a child, you will be treated like one. You will be ungrounded when my kitchen is clean,” she explained.
“I'm punishing you because you broke curfew. You didn't have a chance to explain yourself because I don’t tolerate excuses,” she said, “I don't get it. Michael was never like this,” she added quietly.
“Let’s just say I had a very good cup of coffee,” He said, closing his eyes and grinning wide, imagining said
“Fastest time of the night,” Gabriel gloated, grinning as he thought about the bottle of whiskey that was sure to be his in a matter of minutes.
“Pshh,” Gabriel took another sip of his margarita, “we’re playing charades! What a cliche!” he complained.
for me?” Castiel laughed bitterly. “You know, I have half a mind to return your favor,” he said, referencing his rapidly blackening eye. He turned towards the house and went back inside, leaving his ‘best friend’ out in the cold.
They sat there for a few long moments, Bartholomew trying his hardest to school his emotions. The soon-to-be-ex couple remained joined at the hand, Naomi at least offering Bart this one comfort. This was the Naomi Bart was hoping would come out. This was the Naomi he married, not whoever it was Christmas Eve. He silently cursed himself as their hands broke and he started the car.
Ok, so those notes were giving Cas an advantage here. Dean walked to his bedroom and found a note on the pillow.
“How was school today?” Bartholomew asked from the living room. Castiel halted with his foot on the first step of the stairs.
“And I didn’t even bring any Fireball!” Gabriel complained. Everyone went around wishing Dean a happy birthday, and patting him on the back. Charlie hurried into the kitchen to see if she couldn’t scrounge up something for Dean.
“Dean, I’m just trying to make you see a different perspective. What if Cas said all these things about me and Sam?”
“Yes, I talked to him, because he cornered me on the patio. It didn’t go well,” Castiel explained curtly. Dean couldn’t help the small, satisfied smile that pulled at the corners of his mouth at the news of Balthazar’s failure.
“I'm up, I'm up! Jesus!” Dean yelled. He flung back his covers and got out of bed. He dressed quickly and went upstairs to grab some breakfast.
“So, uh, you got my notes?” Dean asked, a little nervous. He flicked his eyes to Charlie’s. She gave him a reassuring nod and a quick thumbs up.
“Then why do you care?” Charlie asked. Dean had been expecting support from Charlie. A hype man, someone to agree with him and back up his theories. He had not expected this. Then again, Charlie rarely told him what he
“Cas, I’m sorry,” Dean said, his voice desperate for resolution, “I am the world’s biggest fucking idiot. I shouldn’t have cared what my dad thought, and I should’ve told him the day I met you that I was in love with you. And I shouldn’t have cared how he reacted! Because as long as I had you, his opinion didn’t matter!” Dean declared. There was a long stretch of silence.
“‘S this what you want?” Cas asked, voice unbelievably low, cracking the belt once more. Dean hummed but shook his head. He brought his wrists together and presented them to Cas, staring intently at something off to the side. Castiel gently took hold of Dean’s chin, forcing eye contact. They shared a look, Cas seeking permission, and Dean giving it, gaining confidence in his request when a smile pulled at the corner of Cas’ mouth.
"You are not, and will never be my mother! And I hope to any God that might be out there that you will never
As he lay in bed in the dark, his alcoholic buzz faded quickly, and all of his failures that night came to the very front of his mind. The first tear trickled out as he lived through Dean going into that bedroom with Amara over and over. He couldn’t get it out of his mind. With the floodgates opened, he let himself cry. He supposed he was due for a good emotional release, anyway. Castiel shoved his face into his pillow and just let it out.
Dean grabbed at the hem of Cas’s t-shirt until Cas took the hint that he wanted it off. The dark haired man leaned back the obliged Dean, exposing more beautiful skin for Dean to explore with his hands and tongue.
“You’re WHAT?” Balthazar screamed. “You can’t be! You’ve almost completed your junior year, they can’t pluck you up and drop you in some other school for your senior year!” He protested further. “It’s not fair to-"
“Hey Charlie,” Dean called out after their meeting. He walked up to her as she was chatting with Castiel. Everything so far seemed to be going according to plan.
Dean shifted once more and looked down at Cas. He smiled sleepily and leaned down for a kiss before extracting his arms from underneath his boyfriend to prop himself up. Cas placed his own arms around Dean’s neck and kissed him soundly. Dean deepened the kiss by adding a little tongue. Castiel had no objections, quite the opposite actually. Dean shifted on top of him and Castiel could feel his boyfriend’s excitement on the inside of his thigh. Cas slid one of his arms down to Dean’s back as the other went up into Dean’s hair. After a few minutes of continued kissing, Dean pulled back.
“Oh, sweetie, come here,” Mary said, standing up and holding her arms out. Castiel obeyed and entered the hug. He was ashamed, but also relieved after getting all of that off his chest. “You can always come here if she locks you out,” Mary said, “hell, you can come here if she looks at you the wrong way."
” Castiel shouted, not able to get out anymore as Dean swiftly smacked his butt and tossed him onto their bed. Cas panted quietly, catching his breath as he steadied himself.
“I have to go,” Castiel said quietly before turning on his heel and bolting for an exit. He was about to open his car door when a hand on his shoulder turned him around.
Castiel seemed to think about it before responding, “Like this, but...I’m in your lap.” Dean smiled and nodded, leaning over to grab the lube out of the nightstand. He tossed it on the other side of Cas before backing up so he could pull Castiel’s pajamas down. Dean pulled slowly, teasing Castiel with a hint of nails dragging down his skin.
“Look, I’ll get straight to the point,” Castiel started, never the one for small talk, “Have you been speaking with your father again?”
“Am I seriously the only one who knows you have a middle name?” Cas asked, after having calmed down a bit.
Castiel decided to take a shower to keep himself from doing anything he’d regret later. The hot spray helped him relax a little, but he was still upset about the news. When he stepped out of the shower, he was greeted with a few texts from Balthazar warning him not to say anything to Naomi until he’s had a chance to calm down. Castiel smiled in spite of himself. Damn Balthazar for knowing him so well.
“I don't think Gilda would appreciate hearing about this,” Dean teased, trying to get the focus off of him.
“Are you saying you want to invite Cas out with us more often? Because, believe me, Winchester, I am
“Because they used to sleep together!” Dean explained, annoyed that Charlie wasn’t understanding him.
Dean straightened up and smiled at his boyfriend. “You go draw a bath, I’ll finish cleaning up and make something we can snack on in the tub,” Dean said. Castiel nodded and picked up their discarded clothing to drop off in the hamper on his way to the bathroom.
“You’re just lucky you’re cute,” Cas remarked, toweling down and heading towards their bed. Dean toweled off quickly and followed his boyfriend, flicking off the lights in the bathroom as he went.
“Relax, baby,” Dean whispered into Cas’ mouth. Cas nodded and willed his muscles to soften. Dean pushed his finger in all the way to the third knuckle. Castiel relaxed around him, gently moving his hips as he got used to the sensation. Dean pulled out and pushed in his finger, marveling at Cas’ body as his digit disappeared into it.
“Ahh, a fellow linguist. I teach French,” Balthazar supplied. “We might run into each other in the language wing.” After a brief, slightly awkward pause, Balthazar said, “well, I’ll let you get to your run.”
"I thought if I got caught running away, I wouldn't be able to charm myself out of the charge." Castiel says with an award-winning smile.
“Get out,” Dean asserted, his tone harsher than before. Sam took the hint and went to the house. Dean turned sideways in the front seat to talk to Alfie.
“Hey boys, dinner is ready,” Mary said, poking her head into the den. She waved a hand, prompting Cas and Dean to follow her upstairs to the dining room.
"Told me what?" Bartholomew asked as he poured himself some juice. Cas took a bite of his cereal and thought about where to start.
“Um, we were pretty close,” Castiel said. Technically, he wasn't lying. He just wasn't telling the whole truth.
“Oh, god, is he here? Is he ok?” Anna asked. Dean remained silent and they made their way towards the building.
“Not a chance,” Dean countered before climbing back on the bed and kissing Castiel before he could argue any further. Dean slotted their hips together, pushing forward and pulling back slowly.
It only took him about five minutes to drive to Dean’s house. When he got there, Castiel did as he was instructed and went up to Dean’s set of windows at the front of the house. He tapped on the glass and within moments, Dean was sliding one of them open.
night for the freshly-25-year-old) got out of bed at five in the morning so he could get a jog in before school. Dean groaned when the alarm went off, rolled over, and immediately fell back asleep. Castiel chuckled to himself as he got out of bed and changed into his running clothes. When Castiel toured the school, he was shown a rather well-equipped gym. At his excited questions about the treadmills, the tour guide informed Castiel that teachers had a fob that allowed them to use the gym whenever they wanted.
The rest of the day went on and the couple didn’t say another word to each other. Calculus was uncomfortable to say the least. Dean was relieved when the bell rang and he was finished with classes for the day. He had just closed his locker when he remembered he was giving Sam and Alfie a ride home from school. He decided to go for a drive to clear his head while he waited.
“Man, I’m just giving you a hard time. Don’t sweat it,” Charlie laughed at Castiel’s shell shocked look. “Who’re you texting anyway?”
Castiel poured milk over his Cinnamon Toast Crunch and returned the jug to the fridge, trying desperately to think of an excuse.
After sitting there for a moment longer, he gained some resolve. He was going to fix his mistakes of the past week. He pushed himself off of the floor and stopped to brush his teeth before heading downstairs.
“Michael, you don’t have to be sorry. Family can get messy...Lord knows mine’s not perfect. I’m not blaming you for their actions. But I will blame you for yours,” Anna said. Michael looked at her questioningly.
Castiel turned around to face his boyfriend as a wide smile broke out across his face. He stood up from the couch and wrapped Dean in a hug. As they pulled away, Castiel said, “Me too.”
"Are you singing Sunday Morning?" Cas asks huskily. He smiles down at his boyfriend and sings the next lines.
“She is. Apparently, we are to enter through the backdoor,” at Dean’s childish snort, Balthazar leveled him a glare. Dean schooled his features quickly.
Dean got the memo, speeding up his thrusts. Castiel was making delicious sounds beneath him; ones that Dean would definitely call back in his next solo session. Dean could feel himself getting close. He grabbed Cas' cock and began pumping it in time with his thrusts. Before long, they became increasingly erratic. Castiel came first, hollering out Dean’s name while coating his chest and Dean’s hand in cum.
“Don’t,” Cas cut off, muffled slightly. Dean waited for a few moments, expecting Castiel to go on. He weighed in his mind the pros and cons of talking to Cas right now. On the one hand, he really wanted to explain himself. He had no idea what Cas and Balthazar talked about on the patio, and he needed to make sure his boyfriend wasn’t seriously angry with him. On the other hand, Cas had said that he felt cornered by Balthazar, and that their conversation didn’t go well. Dean decided that patience was probably the best course of action at the moment.
“I’ll be fine. I’ve had my eye on this place for a while, I’ve talked with the renter and she said it was mine if I wanted it. I just need to do some paperwork and I’ll be all set.” Cas reassured him. “Plus, you need to get your ass to work. They’re not paying you to sit in your car halfway across town,” Cas smiled and kissed Dean before emerging from the car. Dean watched him as he walked up to the building. He was limping slightly, but Dean knew Cas would yell at him for staying any longer. He put his car in drive and headed towards the station.
“Just come back home, Castiel. I can talk to Naomi,” his dad offered. Castiel shook his head once again, this time with much more force.
“Just finishing up the dishes. I assume you’re here to see Dean? I’m pretty sure he headed right downstairs when he got home. Not even a ‘hi mom’ at the door,” she recounted.
Not wanting to cross Mary, he clambered down the stairs and gently opened the door, lest he disturb Dean’s sleep. His efforts were futile, as Dean made eye contact with him upon his entrance.
“Well it does. You can't stray that far from home without telling anyone,” she informed him. Castiel was ten types of confused. He was not expecting to be ambushed the minute he got home. As he thought about what Naomi had said about straying too far, he furrowed his eyebrows and looked to the side before making direct eye contact with Naomi.
“Castiel! How...what happened?” the boy gave a panicked look at Anna. He hadn’t told the Winchesters yet exactly what went down. She gave him a reassuring look and he took a deep breath.
“Ok, what if we staged a fight tomorrow towards the end of the day? Make her sweat a little bit,” Dean suggested. Castiel thought about it and nodded his head slowly.
“You guys have got this, slow and steady,” Balthazar soothed. Dean looked up and the brit’s eyes were solely on Cas. Dean gritted his teeth and fucked up the next placement, causing the whole thing to come crashing down.
Castiel just shook his head. “My head...thinks this is a really bad idea,” Castiel said. Dean couldn’t hold it in anymore and the tears gathering in his eyes raced down his cheeks. “But,” Castiel added, “my heart wants this more than I could put into words.”
Castiel shifted his hips a little more, spreading his legs so they could be chest-to-chest. He smiled into the next kiss; he had Dean right where he wanted him. Just then, Dean tugged on Cas' hair and pulled a sound out of Cas that he didn’t know he was capable of making. Dean bucked his hips up in response, a much smaller moan escaping his throat.
“Legs? Feet? Shoes?” Gabriel was getting desperate, the clock ticking precious seconds away. He exaggerated the shoes his drawing was wearing.
“Maybe she’s trying to change that,” Bart wagered, “why don’t you come downstairs and have dinner at the table with us.”
"So, Jo…you said by coming here I would, and I quote ‘save you from absolute boredom’. You have barely said two words to me." Jo shrugged and gave him a smile.
“Baseball! It’s a very popular sport here,” Dean sarcastically explained. Balthazar rolled his eyes and gripped the steering wheel just a bit tighter. He really hoped he was almost at Dean’s place.
Dean returned home later that evening, having been kicked out by Cas right after their shower (“Yes, you have to leave.” “Why?” “Because if you don’t, I’m going to have to drag you back to bed, and I don’t want to be in a compromising position if Naomi gets home early.”). He felt about two tons lighter now that he and Cas had worked through their shit.
The quick drive to Cas' house was uncomfortable at best. Both boys had a lot of things on their minds, but neither of them particularly wanted to voice those things.
“Don’t turn this on me,” Bart argued, “look, I’m not an idiot. I can put two-and-two together. You guys got into another argument last night, and now my son is in the hospital.”
"So, Dean…there’s more than enough apple juice in here for two grown men to share while watching Netflix." Cas lifted an eyebrow and gave his best
“I’m fine,” Dean assured the man, a cheeky grin crossing his face as he asked, “did I surprise you?”
“Why did you go in that bedroom with Amara?” Castiel shot back. He smirked to himself, satisfied with his comeback. He looked back to his bed and thought to himself that it actually seemed like a very nice place to be. He’d had quite a bit of alcohol and he’d been
“Ask your wife,” Castiel said bitterly, moving towards his bedroom. His father shot out a hand and stopped him before he could.
“Upstairs?” he questioned. There were only two bedrooms upstairs and those were occupied by his parents and...oh no. She wasn’t seriously implying….
“I could do without the attitude,” she started. “You do know why I'm punishing you, correct?” She inquired.
"Where do we stand? As in our relationship? Is it....are we..." Cas had trouble wording his question. Dean shifted on the couch so they were facing each other. Cas took a deep breath and closed his eyes. "Are we exclusive?" He asked, opening a single eye to judge Dean's reaction.
“After I rushed out of the house, Dean followed me,” Castiel told his friend, “he took me to get some slushies and asked me on a date,” he revealed. Balthazar whistled a long note.
After a while, Mary called out that breakfast was served. They had to redistribute some of the food, since Sam had only been expecting four people, not five. It wasn’t too much of a hassle and before long, they were all seated around the table, passing the maple syrup around and digging into breakfast.
"I...didn't m...mean it Dean. I...I'm sorry." Cas said breathlessly, Dean's fingers causing a fog in his mind. Dean added a third finger, keeping his pace nice and slow. The exact opposite of what Cas needed right then.
Dean was confused as to why Cas had underlined the word watch. He shrugged it off and opened the door. He was shocked to find the place practically spotless.
“What do you want?” Dean asked, already over this entire interaction. Sam’s demeanor shifted, his words coming about a bit more timid.
“Jump in...jump suit...jump up. Wait, shit, it’s three words,” Jo reminded herself. The rest of the group was cracking up and the ever-increasingly frustrated look on Balthazar’s face.
“Maybe think twice about lying to your mother,” she warned. “Set your keys on the table, I’m going to miss my show,” with that she got up from her chair and retired to the living room. Dean grumbled about his car as he dug his keys out of his pocket. He set them down and sulked back to his room. He flopped on the bed and stared at the ceiling for a while.
“I’m not ok, Dean,” Cas said weakly, too quiet for Dean to catch with his phone so far away from his mouth.
Dean slid his hands down to Cas’s sides as Cas placed a hand on Dean’s hip as well as one on the back of his neck. Dean kissed Cas with everything in him. Cas let out a noise between a groan and a whimper. As if that were a cue, Dean shifted them both so Cas was sitting in his lap.
“Mmmmm...you weren’t wearing underwear at your party, either,” Dean pointed out, continuing to kiss Cas.
Monday rolled around and Castiel was not prepared. He didn’t know what he was going to say to Dean. Or if he should even say anything at all. And they had first period together.
” Charlie stormed into her coworker’s classroom. The man in question turned towards the ruckus, a spoon of yogurt halfway to his mouth.
that he still had a pair for today. He’d even counted them out so they’d last him specifically until Friday. Today.
"Yeah right. I don't want to see her face for a week. And I didn't hear you jumping in to defend mom. What, have you forgotten about her already?" He asked. His father grew very quiet.
"You deserve this, too." Dean whispered into Cas's ear. They both walked back into Dean's apartment. They sat next to each other on the couch.
Dean sighed and left the kitchen, harshly bumping his shoulder into Sam as he did so, earning a chastising
Alfie had feelings for Castiel. He felt like an asshole, making him talk about Castiel in this context.
The couple decided to drive separately to work, Dean not willing to wake up before the sun. Castiel wasn’t surprised; Dean had never been much of a morning person. He had almost slept through his praxis in college.
"Do you mean that?" A gravely voice asked. Dean jolted and stared at Cas, who was holding the baby monitor in his hand.
“I was wondering where you’d disappeared to,” Michael said, flashing one of his trademarked smiles as he leaned down to give his girlfriend a peck on the lips. Anna smiled back and pushed him playfully into the recliner catty corner to the couch.
“Hey, that’s ok,” Mary soothed, “It’s ok, we have a little time, it’s ok. Depending on the CT results, they might have to keep you a couple days. I can hold the contact stuff off for a little while, but you might want to think about some alternate solutions,” Mary suggested.
He reentered the kitchen and noticed the dishwasher was done. He started unloading it, singing to himself louder than he normally did, since he had the house to himself. He was singing so loud, in fact, that he didn’t hear the garage door open. He nearly dropped the plate he was putting in the cupboard when he heard Naomi’s voice.
Dean exited the office after his conversation with Charlie. As he walked back into the living room, he saw Castiel come back into the house and up to Ash, presumably to get another drink.
“Yeah, too bad she left, I got a kick overhearing the custodians gripe about the frights it gave them when they cleaned at night.”
“Juice. Sticker!” she exclaimed, shooting up from her chair. Cas’ team groaned as Jo’s team celebrated. Balthazar was next.
That was the first time they had sat him down in this chair and basically yelled at him until he agreed to listen to his step mother.
After half an hour of drink sharing (Cas laughed when Dean took a sip and scrunched up his face at the sweetness. “Cavities, Cas. That’s all this is good for”) and easy conversation, they decided to go back to Dean’s house.
After they were done with that, they hit the showers, and Castiel very carefully got dressed, making sure absolutely nothing was out of order.
“Naomi, drop the act. We both know this isn’t the first time. It’s not just one mistake. I’ve been giving you the benefit of the doubt for long enough,” Bart told her. “I’m willing to put in the effort to make this work...but I’m not really the one that’s going to be doing the heavy-lifting.”
Cas carefully made his way to the front door. He closed his eyes and inhaled fully. He pictured Dean’s smile, and his eyes, and the way he scrunched his eyebrows when Cas would wake him up. A feeling of serenity washed over Cas, but as soon as he opened his eyes to the dark brown wood of the front door, the feeling vanished. Instead, it was replaced with excitement, not worry.
“Didn’t you say Mary set a curfew?” Castiel asked, making absolutely no move to disentangle himself from Dean.
"Daddy, is Cas still here?" The young boy asked innocently, opening his father's bedroom door. The men looked at Aiden as a giant smile broke out on his face.
“I might as well just give you ten bucks,” Castiel retorted. Dean shifted in his seat, a plan obviously forming in his head.
“May I?” he asked. Castiel nodded and the older brother tied the silk correctly. He smiled and clapped his younger brother on the shoulder. Castiel gave a tight smile in return, and they climbed into the car together.
“That’s good. Any big plans for this weekend?” he asked further, absently scrolling through the tablet in his hands. Castiel swallowed thickly. He could feel beads of cold sweat start to prickle at his hairline.
It took a good chunk of class time for Charlie to reply. Dean assumed she was too busy taking notes to check her phone. Nerd. With only about fifteen minutes remaining of the class period, Dean received a response.
! Shouldn’t you be working on some senior project anyway?” The teen was not given an answer before he heard a voice coming from downstairs.
The three of them were split up once they were organized into two alphabetical lines, but not before Dean planted one solid kiss on Castiel’s mouth. It got a few wolf whistles (mostly from Charlie), but otherwise wasn’t out of the ordinary. Castiel couldn’t have wiped the smile off his face if he tried.
“Thought I might be able to find you down here,” Bartholomew said. Castiel chewed on his tongue. Did Naomi send him down here to scold him as well? “I heard you and Naomi got into another bit of a scuffle,” he said as gently as possible. Castiel swung his legs off the couch and sat up straight.
Jo got to his apartment and let herself in. She was walking to his room when a figure on the couch stopped her in her tracks.
“Sammy’s spending the night at a friend’s house and my mom won’t be home until after nine tonight,” Dean said. Castiel looked at the time and grinned. 7:34pm. Plenty of time.
“I’m so sorry,” Bart whispered. Before long, two more sets of arms joined in on the hug and all four of them stood there for a long beat. Eventually, they disbanded and returned to their seats, all four of them thinking about the day that lied ahead.
Dean didn’t so much as sleep as he did drift in and out of consciousness. He woke up a total of four times before 8:30; each time they were in a different position. Dean decided Cas could use a proper wake up call.
“He did the laundry,” Dean said a few minutes later, much quieter now, “last night, he stayed up and did it. It was all folded on the dining room table and everything. Stayed up real late to do it.”
“Zachariah, I had a very interesting conversation with my father just now.” Castiel said, biting back his anger.
Castiel was a wreck on his drive home. He still felt absolutely awful for forgetting Dean’s birthday. He had no clue how to even start making it up to Dean.
“Pants,” Castiel panted, “pants off,” he explained further. Dean grinned and started unbuckling Cas' belt, pulling it ever so slowly out of the loops in Cas' jeans. Next, he started on the button, and finally,
"I didn't know Cas was such a kinky bastard," she said. "Or, you, for that matter," she winked and went back into the TV room, laughing to whole way. Dean cursed to himself and ate his sandwich.
knew Castiel stole his socks this morning. In his defense, Cas was teaching in front of the principal; he needed those socks more! He still felt pretty bad about it.
"Oh, sounds fun," Dean said while clicking on a movie to watch. Cas cuddled in closer and snacked on some popcorn. Dean slung his arm over the back of the couch and kicked his feet up on the coffee table. This would be the last time he would be able to relax until after the forth. Cas rested his head on Dean's shoulder and took a few pieces of popcorn. They were about halfway through the movie when Dean spoke up.
“Hey mom,” he stage-whispered. The matriarch opened her eyes and took a deep breath as she stretched.
Cas walked to the couch, his footsteps echoing through the mostly empty space. He sat down and propped his leg up on his new coffee table. He pulled out his phone.
“Oh, fuck!” Castiel swore loudly, almost spilling his drink. Everyone’s attention turned to him as he tried desperately to get the focus on literally anything else. Time ran out before Dean could guess the word, and as he watched the list pop up on the screen, he nodded solemnly when he saw the last word.
They slowly made their way to the bedroom, where Cas deposited Dean and returned to the living room to shut off the game console. When Cas returned, Dean smiled and wiggled his eyebrows one again. Cas rolled his eyes, but made his way to the bed nonetheless.
“Why the long face?” Mary asked, having picked up on the shift in Castiel’s mood. Cas tried to brush it off, but she wasn’t having it.
“Castiel, there’s no need to bring up text messages at the dinner table,” Michael deflected, trying to steer the conversation back into safer territory.
“Okay,” Dean said. Cas could hear the disappointment in his voice. His heart sank. He turned around in his boyfriend’s arms and pressed their foreheads together.
He went back to the bathroom and showered himself, having to use the slightly damp towel Dean had just used. As he dried off, he heard the timer for the washing machine go off, and he went to throw that load into the dryer. He passed the couch on his way and noticed a pillow and a blanket had been tossed on top of it.
“Yo, Cas, did anyone ever tell you it’s impolite to have your phone out during a movie?” Asked a certain redhead.
“So I say ‘whatever, I’m headin’ to school’ and I leave,” Dean was starting to slur now. “I’s lucky ‘cause someone brought in donuts. And I was scared it’d be empty, but it wasn’t,” he said triumphantly, raising his glass before bringing it to his lips.
“Balthazar?” Said two voices in unison. Charlie exchanged a glance with Alfie. The young boy was trying to tune out the talking to focus on the movie, but he couldn’t help his outburst when Castiel said that name.
“So...no offense, but how’d you end up with Michael?” he asked. She paused to think about it, a happy smile crossing her face. He thought he might recognize that expression, but he couldn’t put his finger on it.
“The actual anniversary is tomorrow,” Alfie said before turning to Sam, “Castiel’s mom was shot in a bank robbery,” Alfie explained gently, “and ever since, this time of year, Castiel gets super weird about control and he gets super defensive when people try to get him to do things.”
harmless prank on Lisa last year, and now she won’t even talk to me,” Gabriel said. Dean laughed at his coworker’s admission.
“Just came out to tell you that I’m turning in for the night,” Bart said, looking out over the still lake. It was a little past midnight, and he had just finished putting away all the leftovers.
“Oh! Where are my manners? Sam, this is my old friend Castiel; Castiel, this is my boyfriend Sam,” he filled the two boys in. Castiel felt a confusing mixture of happiness, jealousy, and guilt. He pushed the last two emotions down and focused on the happiness. He smiled at the brown haired boy and offered his hand to shake. Sam shook the offered hand and gave a quick, forced smile.
“Hey,” Dean said, cupping Castiel’s cheek, “I know it’s not history...but you love English!” Dean reminded his boyfriend. Castiel couldn’t help but smile when Dean looked at him like that.
“I’m sorry I punched Balthazar in the face,” Dean said bluntly, “and I’m sorry for leaving all the cleaning to you and him.” Castiel took a few steps forward.
“Good. If I’m not mistaken, it is a school night. Now, you boys are in high school, so I let you set your own bedtimes, but it’s nearly eleven,” she said, giving them a
“Ho Ho Ho, Meeeerrrry Christmas,” he bellowed, causing Cas to laugh for the first time in weeks. Sam came in behind him, sporting an elf’s hat. Together, the brothers handed out presents.
He reached the bathroom and immediately started to strip his soaked clothing. He wrung out what he could and took the hairdryer to hopefully speed up the drying process. After calling it a lost cause with his shoes, Castiel pulled back on his not-quite-dry clothes and carried his shoes with him.
Cas looked around the joint, it was pretty busy tonight. He followed Balthazar to the bar an ordered a beer. A few minutes later, and a couple sips down, he looked around the place again. Finally, his eyes fell on a dirty blond sitting at the opposite end of the bar. Castiel couldn’t put his finger on it, but the man looked familiar.
and let out a deep breath. He must've fallen asleep with it on his bed. He quickly changed his GPS location to make it look like he was back home.
“It was...actually not as bad as I thought it was going to be. The morning really sucked because I didn't know anybody, and passing periods were very awkward. I could feel them staring at me, Balthazar,” Castiel retold.
Castiel looked up at that. His eyes were stony...well, the eye that wasn’t currently being iced, and his expression was unreadable passed ‘annoyed’.
“No, nothing important. What were you saying?” Castiel asked his friend, shifting slightly to get more comfortable.
“Castiel Anaximander Novak,” Dean started smiling at the laugh Cas gave at his own middle name, “will you let me make you alcoholic glasses of apple juice for the rest of our lives?” Dean asked, barely able to keep his voice steady.
“Today we will be learning about molar volume,” she announced, much too chipper for eight o’clock in the morning.
While he waited for his eggs, he snacked on the cereal they had in the cupboard. He’d finished the box, but shrugged and put it back before plating his eggs. As he finished up, he checked the time and cursed as he unceremoniously tossed the dishes into the sink.
“I shouldn’t have brought up your dad,” he admitted, “that was...I don’t even know what that was. I guess I just still feel bad about forgetting your birthday-”
Dean stood up and put himself between his boyfriend and Bartholomew. Mary and Sam were on the other side of the bed, watching carefully as the scene played out.
He added another finger ever so slowly, taking care not to rush. This was the first time Dean was bottoming for Castiel, and he’d be damned if this was going to be anything less than fucking mindblowing for Dean. Once Dean had adjusted to two fingers, Castiel started moving them in and out, gently scissoring them to open Dean up a bit more.
“Ok, that means it will be me against Balthazar for the next game. Pairs, step up to the coffee table,” Charlie instructed. They set up the game, each player brandishing a chopstick with five nuts on it. The pairs stood on opposite sides of the table, ready to start stacking.
“It’s my pager, all hands on deck sort of deal. I’m sorry, I’ll have to take a rain check on this.” Dean said as a laced up his boots.
“Is anybody home?” Castiel yelled as he entered the house. When his only reply was silence, he checked the garage to make sure neither car was parked there. Yep. He was alone. He went upstairs and threw his backpack to the floor as soon as he entered his room.
“He actually talked to me. He was waiting outside the doors after school. I assume he was waiting for Dean-” Castiel was interrupted by his friend.
"D....Dean! ahhhhh." Cas moans. Dean takes his mouth off of Cas with a faint pop and Cas whines at the loss of contact. Dean stands up and claims Cas's mouth again before he's leading Cas to the bed and throwing him down. Cas scoots up to the center of the bed, and Dean strips his shirt and predatorily crawls up to attack Cas's neck. He's painfully hard in his jeans but he moves up to Cas's mouth and kisses him like his life depends on it.
“Hey, kiddo. Naomi told me what happened. I think she might have overreacted just a little bit,” he stated.
“I, uh, I just moved here,” he replied, having been pulled out of his reverie. He never thought he'd see Samandriel again. Not after...well, he just didn't expect this.
“What do you mean by that?” Castiel asked, breaking his vow to remain silent. Balthazar danced around the right phrasing.
With Balthazar, sex was just a form of relief. Relief of stress, relief of aggression, relief of teenage hormones.
When Castiel reached his house, he hopped out of his car and jogged up to the front door. He wanted to be in and out, so he went straight up to his room to grab more clothes. He was debating whether or not he should pack any more socks, not knowing how long he’d be gone, when he heard a voice from his door.
“He’s over at Alfie’s for the night,” Mary said, taking a seat in her own chair at the head of the table. The boys sat across from each other and loaded their plates with Mary’s lasagna. About halfway through the meal, Mary started a conversation.
“So, Cas, not to be frank, but what are your intentions with Dean? He might act all tough on the outside but I know him better than anyone at the station. I’ve seen him at his lowest; and that better
Charlie sat on the bed and shared a look with Cas. For the first time since they’d met, Castiel thought she looked genuinely sad. She usually had a devil-may-care, I’m-above-this attitude, and it humbled Cas to see her like this now. He took her hand and made eye contact.
“He said we’re moving,” she stated irritably. Bartholomew let out a minute sigh. Castiel could tell that his father wanted to be the one to give Castiel the news. It took a second for Castiel to actually process the words that had come out of Naomi’s mouth.
“I almost passed out on my front porch last time,” she said. It was Dean’s turn to laugh as they approached his room.
“We’re headed to church,” she said, electing to leave Castiel’s sarcasm unacknowledged, “are you able to come along?” she inquired. Naomi still asked him if he would be going with her every single Sunday, even after their huge fight. He assumed that she thought he would suddenly ‘come to his senses’ or ‘see the light’ or whatever. Castiel just threw up once more.
The teen pulled his clothes on and headed upstairs to the kitchen. Maybe a steaming cup of hot chocolate would put him in a better mood. He went about preparing his drink, pulling a mug from the cupboard.
“It's gonna be ok, Cassie. Kansas will be lucky to have you,” he soothed. He could feel his shoulder getting damp, but he just squeezed Cas tighter.
Dean, the dutiful boyfriend, stayed with Cas throughout his duration at the hospital. He even switched shifts with someone so he could stay with Cas. He’d have to stay at the station for two whole days next shift, but Dean didn’t care.
“Oh my god. Is this an episode of Days of Our Lives or something?” Anna replied. What was she getting herself into with this family? Despite himself, Castiel laughed. Anna pressed on, “You know you can’t take that deal, though, right?”
away? Do you know how scared I get for you...for us? Every time you two go toe-to-toe, I can’t breathe. What if she looks through our messages and finds out about us? What if she ships you off to fucking Timbuktu and I never even get to say goodbye?” Castiel could see tears forming in his boyfriend’s eyes. All Castiel could do was shake his head. He didn’t know Dean worried this much. He crawled over the bed and wrapped Dean in a hug. He was relieved when Dean returned it; he had feared that Dean would push him away.
“So happy that you’re...crying?” Dean asked, relieved that they weren’t tears of sadness. Castiel covered most of his face with his hands.
“Dean Winchester,” Mary said sternly, causing her eldest son to freeze in place before setting  the bowl down very slowly. The brothers shared a look, Dean silently asking Sam what was happening and Sam silently replying that he had no idea.
"My boobs." The other man says. Castiel hears a thump and assumes the new guy has been thrown against the hood of the car. The strange man is handcuffed and thrown in the seat next to Castiel. The cop slams the door shut. Castiel looks at the man who is giving him a care free grin.
Jo led them away from the crowd. They climbed a hill to find a red headed girl sitting on a bench with a laptop.
“What happened?” Sam asked quietly. When Alfie looked up at his boyfriend, he was met with those puppy dog eyes. Nobody could resist those things. Alfie glanced nervously at the open door. He stood up and closed it gently before turning to Sam.
“Holy shit, Cas,” Dean breathed out, keeping his hand tangled in that dark, unruly mop. Cas responded by opening up Dean’s mouth, their tongues meeting like a drop of water meets a still lake, sending ripples through both of them. Dean tugged Cas' hair again.
“Jesus, Dean,” he whispered to himself. He placed his hand over his thumping heart. It looked as though the physics teacher made it through the motions of going to bed; that is to say, he at least took off the clothes he had gone to the party in.
“Ah-hem,” a voice came from the door. “If you’re finished with your play date, there’s plenty of work to be done, Castiel.” Zachariah said coldly, dropping another file on his desk. The older man stared harshly at Cas and Dean before making his exit.
“She lives right down the street. She walked home,” Charlie explained. Castiel nodded his head and helped the host tidy up. Once they were done setting the living room back in order, Charlie showed Castiel the guest bedroom.
"I will not show up to mass late. If you are not in my car in five minutes, you will be grounded for a month. No technology, no car, no allowance, and extra chores," she said before turning and marching to her car.
“Naomi doesn’t want company over while we’re still settling in. She doesn’t want anyone to know we’re human and we make messes, I guess,” he joked. It wasn’t an outright lie; Naomi was weird about having company over.
“Are you stupid?” he asked sharply. Castiel stammered for a response, but Dean didn’t let him form any real words - not that he could anyway. “Why the fuck did you get drunk when you knew no one was there to keep an eye on you and that you didn’t have a ride home?” Dean asked. Castiel just stared at his hands on his lap, looking like a scolded child. Which, really, wasn’t far off from what he was.
“Privileges,” she restated, “such as phone, laptop, car, permission to leave the house except for school-”
“Goodnight Dean,” Cas replied. “What time do you usually leave for school?” he asked before Dean left.
Castiel hummed contentedly and he polished off his wine, setting his glass on the tray they had pulled over to set their spread on. He snuggled back into Dean, leaning his head on Dean’s shoulder. His boyfriend kissed his temple before setting his own empty glass on the tray.
“Oh! A will! Last Will & Testament!” Castiel guessed. Dean signaled that the first guess was correct: will.
“Are you just gonna sit there or are you gonna do something?” Cas asked with a smug grin. Dean swooped down and captured Cas’s lips in a deep kiss as he started palming Cas’s cock. Cas moaned under him and bucked up into Dean’s hand. Cas blindly grabbed around for Dean’s fly until he found it and immediately popped the button. Dean smiled into their kiss and helped Cas shimmy off the offensive clothing.
Eventually, Dean ceased his teasing and lined up. Castiel inched down on Dean’s dick, breathing through the burn of being so utterly full. Once Cas’ ass was seated on Dean’s thighs, they stilled for a moment, adjusting to the position. Slowly, Castiel started moving his hips, pulling off an inch or two before grinding back down. Dean guided him with two strong hands on his sides, practically lifting him as he helped Cas move up and down.
When he was finally released, he told his dad that he was going to stay at the Winchesters. At Bart’s protests, Castiel informed him that Mrs. Winchester was a nurse and could monitor his injuries better than any of the Novaks could. Without any other arguing points, Bartholomew had no choice but to let him go.
“Fuck her,” the teen said softly. He retracted himself from his father and went back into the restaurant, towards the bathroom. Luckily, it was a single-person, so he locked the door behind him and slid down it until he was on the floor. He sat there for a while, ignoring anyone that tried to talk to him. He thought about every single way this could play out. He thought about dropping the charges and never seeing Naomi again. He thought about going to family counseling with her. He thought about pursuing this case and sending her to prison. He thought about dropping the case and her going back on her word and staying with his father anyway.
Dean pulled into the parking lot of the hospital, waiting as the cherry-red Chevy Cruise parked next to him. He got out of his car and Anna followed suit.
“I heard about what happened,” Sam started. Castiel looked up from his phone and gave a tight smile. He didn’t want to be mean to Sam, but he really didn’t want to relive it again.
As they made the quick drive back to Dean’s place, they noticed the snow starting to come down heavier and pile up on the ground. Balthazar’s anti lock brakes kicked in at one of the stop signs and he nearly slid through it.
“Zachariah has been dumping files on me all week. It won’t be different tomorrow.” Cas said, taking a seat next to Balthazar.
He heard footsteps descending the staircase. He steeled himself for another round with Naomi, but was surprised to see his father as he rounded the corner.
“Well, welcome to Lawrence! How've you been? We haven't seen each other since…” Samandriel trailed off, trying to recall their last encounter.
The pair moved farther up the bed, Castiel guiding Dean so that the taller boy was on his back. Castiel smiled down at him and pulled at the hem of Dean’s shirt. Dean smiled back and helped Cas remove the offending clothing. Once it was off, Castiel threw it to the side.
"You're lying. Don't deny it, I know all of your tells," Castiel said. "What's going on?" He asked gently. Dean retracted his arm from the back of the couch and rubbed the back of his neck.
“Six it is,” Castiel grumbled, searching for his phone in his discarded pants. He located it and set the alarm, climbing back into bed and tucking himself into Dean’s side. They lay there for a while, enjoying each other’s company.
“I am so sorry that happened, Castiel,” Mary said, concern showing very plainly on her face. “You are certainly welcome here. Dean can stay upstairs with Sam,” she offered.
They made eye contact and Cas strode up the their booth. Dean’s face split in the biggest smile when he noticed what Cas was wearing.
“I had Balthazar’s number from that party a while ago. I asked if he’d let me into the house. Didn’t want the ice to melt,” he explained. Cas nodded in understanding and looked around.
They switched who was drawing and played another round, this time Gabriel beating Castiel by a mere two seconds. After Gabriel’s triumphant drink, they all took a short break for snacks and refills. Castiel slipped into the bathroom, and Balthazar approached Dean as the man looked in the fridge for another beer.
“I'll take that look as a yes. Tell me about him,” his friend prompted. He raised his eyebrows expectantly when Castiel didn't start talking immediately.
“Ok...ok,” he acquiesced. They stood there for a moment before Bart asked, “Hey, how...how did you know
When they pulled up to the burning building, Dean's breath hitched. This couldn't be the place. It couldn't. Not Cas's apartment.
“It’s ok, I get where you’re coming from,” Castiel said. There was another long stretch of silence between the two as the next episode played automatically.
“Cas? Drunk? I’d like to see that,” Sam said amusedly. Dean gave him another look. They pulled into the driveway and Dean put the car in park.
“You don’t want me to say Naomi is responsible for this,” Castiel stated, almost disbelieving he even had to say those words out loud. He let out a laugh and looked away from the cowering figure in the chair he had mistaken for his father.
Castiel slipped in through the window and gently closed it before walking across the bathroom and turning on the lights. He cringed when the fluorescents shone down on him, and turned off half of them, rubbing at his temples. He heard muffled noises coming from somewhere else in the house. He ignored it and turned towards the mirror. He looked almost as bad as he felt. He had bags under his eyes, and his hair was an absolute mess.
"It appears my friend has left me to my own devices." Cas returned his phone to his pocket and looked up at Dean.
“Hey,” Dean replied, not looking up from his screen. Castiel made his way over to the bed and laid down, Dean’s laptop resting between them. He reached out and ran his hand through Dean’s hair. They laid there silently, watching the show. After the episode ended, Dean sighed.
The inside of Dean’s mind was going in a million different directions, too fast for his alcohol-laden brain to grasp on to. He sat there, letting thoughts float by him as he watched the wind push the snow around outside. He felt a little bit like one of those flakes, being pushed around, just waiting to settle somewhere.
He slipped into doctor mode as he told her, “I’m sorry to have to tell you this, but under HIPAA, I am not allowed to offer you Castiel’s medical record,” at the woman’s scoff, he took a second to compose himself. This was not the first time he’d had to deal with a situation like this. “I can tell you he’s stable, but beyond that, I’m afraid I can’t help you,” he explained.
“It’s been going well,” Michael answered. Castiel wanted to roll his eyes. Of course work had been going well. That tends to happen when you are your employer’s favorite step-son.
“That was because I was expecting to get some last night,” Cas revealed with another roll of his hips. “Too bad you had fuck that up, huh?” Their kisses turned harsher, more desperate. Dean started to pull Cas' pants down his legs. The boy on top shimmied out of them, kicking them down his legs when Dean couldn’t reach anymore.
Not wanting to make another trip to the store in the coming week (the weather was supposed to get truly awful), Dean was diligent and stocked up on everything he thought they might need. The checkout line was absolutely atrocious. Apparently, everyone had the same idea as Dean, and there were only three lanes open in the whole store. Usually, he opted for self-checkout, but he had way too much to go that route this time.
“Yeah,” Castiel said, ashamed. They sat in silence for a long while. After a few minutes, Dean broke the silence.
Cas positioned himself and drew a phrase. He made a face, and assumed Gabriel had written this prompt. Before Charlie started the time, he signaled to Dean that the phrase had three words.
They spend the night in the treehouse, sharing the bed in the corner of the room. Dean wakes up first, sitting up and stretching his sore muscles. He turns to Castiel, who is still nestled in the sheets of the bed. Dean gently shakes Castiel awake.
“How do you think I’m feeling? Shit, why didn’t we do this sooner?” Castiel pulled out and pushed back in slowly, effectively ending their conversation. They moved like that, slowly and carefully for a while, both adjusting to their new position.
“Honestly, I didn’t even think I was playing. My old friend Adam had dragged me down there, and I was having fun just talking with some people I’ve sort of lost touch with. I saw that arrow pointed to me and tried to just laugh it off, but the circle was saying that I had to go in there with her. They obviously didn’t know that I’m taken, so they didn’t think they were doing anything wrong,” Dean explained.
"Is this Courage the Cowardly Dog?" Dean inquired. Cas nodded his head and coughed a few times. Dean ran a soothing hand through his hair when he walked behind the couch.
“No, it’s fine. I have American Government with him first hour, I’ll check in with him then,” Dean said. The pair spent the rest of time before class catching up with each other about how classes were going. They weren’t in a single one together. Before they knew it, the bell rang and they went their separate ways.
When Castiel heard the front door open and a voice call out, his heart beat started racing. He recognized that voice. When the boy attached to that voice reached the bottom of the stairs and peeked into the den, Castiel willed himself not to look right away. When he finally did turn around, though, he was thoroughly disappointed. Of course Dean had brought Charlie home again. On a friday. When he didn’t think anyone would be home. Was the world really this cruel?
The secret couple ended up winning the first round of the third set, Castiel proving to be a rather decent artist. Gabriel grumbled as Cas set down his shot glass and smacked his lips in satisfaction.
Naomi accepted the plea bargain, they all signed some papers, and that was it. It was an unseasonably warm day and the sun was shining as they exited the courthouse. Castiel smiled and took a deep breath. It was really over. If you would have told him this time last year that Naomi would be out of his life and all he had to suffer was a minor concussion, he would’ve laughed.
The pair walked to the gymnasium, grabbing their name tags and an information packet as they entered the room.
“Whatever. Since you’re down here, can you get a few things for me?” Rufus asked. It always had to be Dean, didn’t it?
"I was worried sick about you! What the hell happened?" He asked into Cas' neck. Castiel could hear sounds from the living room, suggesting that his family was being respectful and giving them space. Cas took Dean's hand and led them to the basement. When they entered Dean's room, Castiel let go and started pacing. Dean sat on the bed and waited patiently for Castiel to gather his thoughts.
“What’s the matter?” he asked. In lieu of an answer, Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and kissed his palm, his wrist, the back of his hand. Dean continued peppering kisses up his boyfriend’s arm, stopping at his favorite spot on Cas’ neck before finally reaching those amazing lips. Their kiss was slow and sweet, but passionate. Castiel had been wanting to make out with Dean since they’d won game night.
“That’s totally unfair!” Castiel protested, “plus, he’s leaving in an hour for the camping trip his dad takes him on every summer,” Castiel reasoned.
person to find out about all of this,” Charlie said. Castiel groaned into his hands and leaned back into his pillows.
It took Castiel the rest of the day to calm down. He knew he was acting a bit more childish than normal, but it was ridiculous of Naomi to expect him to clean up messes he didn’t even make. Wasn’t it? He had spent the rest of Thursday night in the basement, just avoiding Naomi. He took out some of his anger on the punching bag they had in one of the back rooms. After exhausting himself with that, he decided to lay down on the couch. It wasn’t long before he was interrupted.
Alright, so yeah, Cas remembered exactly where Dean got this little trick. But, Dean didn’t do anything wrong, why did he feel he needed to communicate in little notes? Cas handed to note to Charlie for her to read, since he knew she’d bug him about it if he didn’t. Cas put the bad thought about Dean aside and went to the bathroom. Charlie followed, too, never the one to miss any surprises. Sure enough, there was a note taped to the mirror.
“Everything ok?” Jo asked. She was standing with Dean near his car, chatting about the upcoming standardized tests the kids were about to be subjected to. Castiel looked up and had to stop himself from rolling his eyes. This could not be a coincidence.
Dean shook his head. “No. No way, absolutely not. They’ll call his dad and then Noami will know where he is and-”
“I mean, I understand if you don’t want to take the bet. I know you’re dealing with some...confidence issues,” Gabriel said.
are,” Cas professed. Dean blushed again and tried to turn away, but Cas grabbed both of his hands and kept him in place. They made eye contact and Cas smiled at Dean. They kissed chastely before pulling away.
“C-can you...can I have some time...to myself?” the teen finally asked. Bart looked confused and maybe even a little hurt.
Cas crept closer and closer, saving his power up for the right moment. He saw his chance to use it just before a sharp turn. He launched his green shell forward, praying that it would do its job. Dean's shriek and loud objection sent a wave of pride through Cas. He quickly passed Dean and headed to thier final lap.
“They might work something out before it goes that far. Naomi probably doesn’t want to go public about this. Most likely a vanity thing,” Sam shrugged. Dean blinked and shook his head.
“Wow,” Dean said. If he was being honest, the thought of Cas and Balthazar dating had crossed his mind a few times; he’d just never expected for it to have actually happened. “How long ago was that?” Dean asked.
“And why do you think you deserve it?” Naomi asked, tossing the few discarded clothes that were lying around the room into the hamper.
“We were just plotting a raid of the freezer in the garage. Castiel informed me that there might be goodies in there,” Anna revealed, only half joking. Michael let out a sound of understanding and laughed.
"Everyone in my family attends church, and I mean everyone. I can't have people finding out your son is a heathen," she explained, whispering the last word as if it pained her to speak it.
He went back into the living room and sat down on the couch, flipping the TV on, but not really paying attention to it. After a bit, he started feeling hungry so he made himself a sandwich, cleaning his plate immediately afterwards.
“Hey, hey, hey, what's going on in here?” A voice interrupted. Neither Naomi nor Castiel broke eye contact to look at Bartholomew.
“Ravish me, darling,” he said, really playing up his accent. Castiel raked his eyes down his friend’s body, remembering the last time they did this. They had almost been caught by Balthazar’s father, but luckily Castiel had heard the front door close so they had time to redress and pretend nothing had been going on.
“Just some bruises and sore muscles. No biggie.” Dean said. He sat up and situated himself so he was mirroring how Cas was sitting. He flipped on the tv and they wove their fingers together.
“No, it’s your fairy godmother,” he deadpanned, throwing the bag of trash he had in his hand into the dumpster. “What are you doing out here?”
How could Naomi take his laptop and refuse to give it back when Castiel needed it to do homework? Shouldn’t schoolwork come before some stupid punishment? Castiel’s father might’ve been right when he said they just needed a good night’s sleep, but Castiel had stayed awake far longer than he usually did on a school night, still irritated about
Ash’s parties were very well attended. There was a large volume of people, and a larger volume of alcohol. They entered through the back door that led through a small laundry room, opening up into the kitchen. In front of them were stairs that led up, around, and back down to the living room. They went up those because there were so many kids packed in the kitchen; that’s where the alcohol was.
“Hey, hey, nuh-uh. We’re even now,” Dean declared. Castiel just kept creeping closer and closer. He backed Dean up against the shed that the Winchesters kept their yard work equipment in. Castiel put his hands on either side of Dean’s head and leaned in, claiming his lips in a rough kiss.
The older man entered their bedroom, Dean brushing his teeth in their en suite. Cas walked up behind him and looped his arms around Dean’s waist, setting his forehead on Dean’s shoulder.
It had been over a week since they’d been intimate, after all. Dean just prayed he didn’t overdo it with the whiskey at Balthazar’s place.
“So...the same boyfriend who made out with three other guys during the last half of our set?” Dean asked. Castiel took a step back.
“Well, I’m glad to hear it. Sam has been waiting for you to get back. He’s dying to play this board game Alfie got him for Christmas,” Mary said.
"Hey, bug." He whispered to his sleeping eight-month-old. "Daddy really fucked up tonight." Dean said quietly as he flopped down in the recliner next to the crib. He leaned back and covered his face with his hand. "I'm so stupid. What is wrong with me, Dani? Why do I always mess up so horribly?" He asked softly. "I just wish Daddy and Papa could talk this out, bug. I didn't mean any of it, I hope he knows that. I hope he knows they were just empty words spoken out of frustration. I hope he knows I still love him...no matter what." Dean leaned forward, cupping his face in his hands. He honestly thought he might be sick.
“Thanks, mom. Goodnight,” Dean said as he grabbed Cas’ hand and led them up to his room. He wasn’t going to stick around and give his mom time to reconsider.
“Yeah, let’s talk about Balthazar,” Dean said heatedly. “He’s the one that called me to let me know what an idiot you are. He told me you called him up drunk off your ass from some stranger’s phone. He’s the one that called me to come get you.” Castiel sunk further and further back into his seat the more Dean laid into him.
. And what was it you said right before you belittled his career?” Balthazar asked in a leading fashion. Humility always worked with Castiel.
“So, uh, you didn’t text me all weekend,” Dean started, hoping Castiel would pick up with an explanation. His hopes were dashed when the teacher stood at the front of the class and started her lecture. She was very strict about side conversations during her class, so Dean dropped it for the time being.
“Yeah, I guess,” Cas agreed. He still wasn’t willing to forgive Naomi. So what if she also did this to Michael? That still didn’t make it ok.
“I just had to make sure,” she defended, raising her hands up. “I’m raising you boys to be honest, so I won’t tolerate any two-timing under this roof.”
Now, it was Sunday morning, and Castiel was not willing to give up this shred of happiness he had earned.
“Gwen,” she interrupted, “I know the protocol. I’m asking for a favor. He’s not going anywhere, just...let me sort that stuff out, ok? I don’t know anything for sure.” Gwen shook her head.
“We are. I didn’t mean to-I...I’m sorry, Dean. It’s just...I’m getting a sense of deja vu and I really don’t want to go through that again.”
When he parked his car, Dean’s words hit him. He was right, Cas hadn’t had a casual conversation in a week, with anyone. He needed to talk to Zachariah. Cas didn’t know why he was punishing him so cruelly, but he wouldn’t stand for it if it was impacting his personal life.
Jo quickly caught onto the game and was president or Vice President almost every time. Everyone eventually became president at one point in their abundance of games.
Naomi returned a few hours later to the kitchen in the same state as she left it. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply through her nose. She bit her tongue and put her purse down before stomping up the stairs.
“What’s that face about?” Castiel asked as he slid behind Dean and slipped his hands into his boyfriend’s pockets.
The other four were left to duke it out in the final round. Charlie, in an impressive feat, was able to get Gabriel to guess their phrase in just one minute and eighteen seconds.
“Yeah, I guess I'm not there to talk you into buying us smoothies,” Castiel joked. After another hour of video chatting, Balthazar ended the conversation by claiming he needed to ‘shower and eat, but not necessarily in that order’. Castiel smiled and said goodbye before closing his laptop.
"Now, Dean! Go!" Dean dragged Cas out and carried him out of the building to the waiting paramedics. When he was sure the ambulance would take care of him, he rushed back inside for Benny. He located him quickly and instantly got to work, trying to lift the beam off of his partner. With all of the adrenaline rushing through Dean, he was able to lift it enough for Benny to slide out. Dean helped his stand up and Benny threw his arm around Dean's shoulder for support and they got out of there. They limped towards one of the many ambulances that responded to the call.
“Oh, so I leave to do the grunt work while you two get to snog in the kitchen?” Balthazar complained. If Castiel had looked at Dean instead of burying his face into his shoulder, he would’ve noticed the clench in Dean’s jaw. Before Dean could say anything, Castiel pulled away and apologized to his friend. A moment later, the doorbell rang and Balthazar made a show of excusing himself so the “couple could get back to snogging without interruption”. The couple had both rolled their eyes, Castiel with more affection than Dean.
I am not acting flighty,” Castiel asserted. Dean was caught off guard. This was not playing out the way he’d rehearsed it in his head.
“Are you just going to sit there smiling, or are you going to put those fingers to good use?” Castiel asked. Dean crawled back over him, excitement thrumming through his body. He popped off the lid on the lubricant and coated his fingers. He circled his index finger around Cas' hole before sliding it in. Castiel hissed at the intrusion, but relaxed as Dean started moving it in and out.
They went back to sipping their respective drinks and fell into a pleasant conversation. Whenever they fell into silence, it never felt loaded or uncomfortable. Castiel couldn’t remember the last person he felt like this around.
“Ah yes, wave. So, you pick somebody to be ‘it’. The rest of us all run and find a place to hide. This one usually doesn’t span the whole neighborhood. If “it” finds someone he calls out their name. The person whose name was called has to follow the person who’s “it”. While they are walking around looking for the others, if the person who’s following “it” secretly gets waved to by someone hiding, they can sneak away from the person who’s “it” and go and hide again. Once someone’s name is called 3 times, they are “it” and the game continues,” Dean explained. Castiel nodded in understanding.
“I can barely hear you, let’s go upstairs,” Dean suggested, pointing the direction he wanted to go. Cas turned around and started climbing the stairs. Dean noticed the landing up the second staircase was empty, so he pointed to that and they made their way to the quieter location. With the noise level down to about a 6, they boys only had to raise their voices slightly in order to hear each other.
“Panties?” Castiel asked from his spot on the bed as Dean stripped for him. Dean looked at his boyfriend with a devilish smile.
Dean pulled back slightly and Cas whimpered at the loss. Dean loved it when he did that. He didn’t make Castiel guess at what he was doing, grabbing the hem of his own shirt and lifting it off his body. Those blue eyes raked over the form in front of him, causing Dean to blush under the attention. Castiel smirked at the pink tint on his boyfriend’s ears.
The Dream Team eagerly filed in and took their seats at the table. Benny served the spaghetti and sat down with the rest of the gang.
He checked the fuel gauge and realized he was approaching empty. He sighed deeply as he thought of the nearest and cheapest gas station. Today was not a good day for his wallet.
“Oh! Hello to both of you,” Castiel said as he placed the bags on the kitchen floor. Dean held out an arm, and Cas went into it, muscle memory carrying him through the mild surprise. Cas gave Dean a quick peck on the cheek before sorting through his groceries.
“I love you, too,” he replied, kissing Dean’s neck. They stayed like that for a while, their bones too much like jelly to even think about standing. Dean played with Cas' hair as Cas teased one of Dean’s nipples by grazing over it with his thumb. The boys were something they hadn’t been for a while: content. Between Cas' episode in September, and Dean’s outburst at the party, they’d been a little strained. But now, with everything out in the open, they were finally able to completely relax around each other.
more than once,” Balthazar gossiped. Castiel raised both eyebrows as he digested the new information.
The patriarch’s mind kept wandering back to every single fight between his son and his wife. He was so, utterly lost. In the span of a few days, his entire world view had been turned on its head. Sure, he knew Naomi and Castiel didn’t get along...but had it always been this bad? Had Naomi gotten physical with Castiel before? Every time, she would brush off the disagreements with the flick of her wrist...and he believed her. Never really gave it a second thought. Boys will be boys, right? Bart couldn’t believe how ignorant he had been. He closed his eyes and hugged his son a little tighter.
“You’re right,” Cas interrupted, brushing past Dean and heading down the hallway to his next class. His boyfriend stood there, confused at the situation that had just played out before him. Dean clenched his jaw and went to his own second period class. Instead of making things better, that ‘talk’ had made things much, much worse. Now, Dean was angry, too.
He placed the bags by the front door and headed to the kitchen. He was going to wait until Balthazar got into town to eat dinner, but he thought looking around the kitchen would seem pretty inconspicuous. It was almost 7pm after all.
On his way passed the living room, he noticed the news was on. He couldn't hear anything but he read the news line at the bottom.
come out. So if our past gets brought up, can you just say we were close friends? I’d really appreciate it,” Castiel asked nervously. Alfie looked a little stunned at the sudden change of pace and the desperate look in Castiel’s eyes, but he agreed nonetheless. Castiel let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Alfie climbed out of the car and caught up with his boyfriend.
Before either boy could throw another punch, Charlie grabbed Dean and dragged him out of the living room.
Castiel nodded, and reached into his pants pocket to find it empty. Then, he remembered that he had left his phone in his room before dinner. He brought his hands to his face to conceal the tear or two that slipped out.
“Yeah, we're down here!” Sam called back. They heard two sets of feet clamber down the half-flight of stairs.
Thinking of Dean made his heart clench, but he told himself he was going to fix this. So that’s what he set out to do.
“What do you want to go into for college anyway?” Dean asked, lifting his head off of his book so he could return it to his backpack.
Dean dealt the deck of cards out and they started playing. Dean ran out first, followed by Jo, then Benny, Gabe, and finally Meg.
He looked around to see who was asleep and saw Gabe and Jo in their respective cots. Benny still wasn't cleared to work with his leg, but he popped in every now and again. Dean hoped today wouldn't be one of those days.
“Oh, no, thank you. I’m quite alright,” he declined. Dean cracked open another beer, needing to get that awful taste out of his mouth. He would’ve gone for some chips, but Gabriel had finished them off during the twerk-battle.
Dean halted that train of thought. He processed Alfie's last couple sentences, and Dean felt terrible. Honestly, he had never really put it together that Alfie must’ve had feelings for Castiel. And
"You're killin' me here, Cas." Dean sighs and sits back on the couch allowing the other man to sit up.
On Friday night, Castiel manipulated his tracking device to make it look like he was staying at Kevin’s house. He also informed Kevin of his plan in case Naomi decided to fact check his whereabouts. With all precautions taken, Castiel drove to Dean’s house. Before he could knock on the door, it swung open revealing a beaming redhead.
"Balthazar. He invited me to a...well something I assume. He didn't really let me know what we're doing," Cas said.
“Hello Naomi,” Castiel greeted unenthusiastically as he tried to pass her to get to his room. Before he could open his door, she spoke up.
“Not under...over!” Gabriel nodded and went to work on the last word. He drew another stick figure, this one with a triangle body and long hair. He pointed to the bottom of the figure.
He ended up wearing dark blue jeans and a black AC/DC shirt. He decided to throw on a green flannel as well. At ‘last looks’ (as he and Jo called the time you stare at yourself in the mirror before a date) he noticed he was still wearing his glasses. He exchanged those for contacts and he was out the door.
A hogwarts banner was pinned proudly to the wall. The entire set of books and movies were stored on the bookcase below the banner. The boys may or may not have gotten into a very intense conversation over anything and everything related to Harry Potter the first time Castiel saw it.
Cas turned red in the face. He’d regrettably kept minimal contact with Balthazar, only informing him of his move to the new apartment.
“Castiel! Go get that!” Naomi yelled from her bedroom. Castiel had been comfortably lounging on his bed, watching movies and texting Dean, but he sighed and made his way to the front door at his step-mother’s command. He’d be happy when he was off at college, far, far away from
Not ten minutes later, Castiel decided he needed to start torturing Dean. He slowly, and undetected by anyone but Dean and himself, leaned in and whispered into Dean’s ear, “I was taking a hot shower before I came over this morning,” he started, hand sliding up to rest on Dean’s thigh, “I starting thinking of you,” at that confession, Dean took a deep breath a squirmed minutely on the couch.
alone. Together. On the couch.” Great, just what he needed, more fantasies minutes before the guy got there. He heard a knock at his door, took a deep breath, and walked down the hallway.
Cas was expertly put on display for Dean with this position. His head was thrown back in ecstasy, his hair was wild, his skin was flushed and beautiful. Cas’s own thrusts were starting to become erratic, telling Dean that he was close; Dean was right behind him. Cas was beating him in number of orgasms this morning, after all.
He walked into his father’s office to find the ‘scruffy little thing’ as Balthazar described him. You’d expect a high end profile such as him to be clean shaven, dressed in a sharp suit and all around suave. He was none of those things. He was unshaven and dressed in what looked like a robe. Castiel noticed a half full tumbler of…something on his desk. He looked up from his computer screen and noticed his son standing there.
Upon arriving at his office, Castiel noticed a thick stack of paperwork on his desk. He sighed dejectedly and sat down on his chair, steeling himself for a drawn out day of mundane paperwork.
Castiel just stood there, his mouth agape. He was hoping this wasn’t all just some dream that he would wake up from. When he realized this was - in fact - reality, he closed his mouth.
“I’m telling you, those girls are playing dirty, and I won’t stand for it,” Gabriel declared. Balthazar rolled his eyes as he continued setting up his classroom for the day.
“For listening to me cry about my mom like some sort of baby,” Castiel answered despondently, averting his eyes.
“I know! I know! I felt bad as soon as the words escaped my mouth. I’ve just been so stressed because of Zachariah that my filter was obviously not working.”
“Don’t mention it,” Balthazar said, “now go make up with that sexy boyfriend of yours before I steal him away from you.” Dean chuckled.
“What are you doing?” Cas asked, starting to laugh. Dean dragged him away from the door and placed him back on the ground before tilting Cas' chin up and planting a kiss right on his lips. Castiel rolled his eyes, but smiled into the kiss nonetheless.
“Yeah, kinda like you did,” Cas shot back. And, ok...that was a fair shot. Dean thought for a moment before speaking again.
“Cops and Robbers is possibly the most popular,” Dean hinted, looking for any sign of recognition on Cas' face. Cas just rolled his eyes and shook his head.
“I’m gonna need his emergency contact,” Gwen stated after they had sent Cas off for his CT scan. Mary nodded her head and bit her lip.
“Ask Naomi,” Castiel said bitterly. It’s not like he wanted to leave his house and impose on the Winchesters, but he really couldn’t be around his step-mother. Not after what’d she’d said...what she’d done.
“I have to get up.” Dean said, bringing the hand that wasn’t trapped under Cas’s body to swipe at his sleep laden eyes.
He knocked on the bathroom door quietly. If he were to have his way, he would’ve pounded on the door just to give Cas a hard time with his hangover, but Dean’s family was still asleep, and it needed to stay that way. Dean heard a gruff reply that was more of a grunt than any actual words. After a moment, Castiel opened the door.
“I felt bad about what happened last night. And I knew you were planning on having Dean and your friend help you clean up,” she explained, “I just...didn’t want to leave you high and dry,” Castiel nodded and looked around.
Bartholomew dropped Anna back off at the house before departing again to be with Naomi at the police station.
"You want me ta take the resta that away?" Benny threatened. Gabe shook his head and shoveled in more pasta. Ten minutes later, they were interrupted by a call. They all hopped into action, Gabe sneaking in one final bite before following the squad down to the trucks. The call turned out to be an abandoned house fire. Nobody was injured, but it took a while to extinguish the flames as the house was rather large.
The firefighters on Engine 17; which included Benny in the passenger seat, Gabe driving, Meg seated behind Gabe, Jo stuck with the middle seat next to Meg, and Dean behind Benny, were all getting themselves ready for the call. This group was what the rest of the station referred to as 'The Dream Team'. These three boys and two girls worked like a well-oiled machine; assessing and calculating ways to control the fire while being as safe as possible. The garage fire was quickly squandered with no damage to the detached house.
“I love you, too. And don’t pout too much, I won’t be too long.” Dean said as he kissed Cas a final time before heading out.
After fifteen minutes of aggressive typing and probably too much caps lock, Castiel had recounted and reflected on the action in the kitchen. Balthazar offered to drive over and take Cas away, which earned a small smile and a longing to go back to Chicago. Castiel thanked Balthazar for putting up with his rant and decided to putter around on his laptop. Given that Naomi had his keys and he didn’t want to run the risk of facing either of his parents, he stayed holed up in his room and wasted time on his computer.
Dean moved farther from there, stopping to dip his tongue into Cas’s navel before drawing back the covers a little more. Cas was already half hard, it was morning, after all. Dean mouthed around Cas’s clothed cock, enticing Cas to come out of dreamland and into a dreamy session of morning sex.
repeating in his head like a mantra. He wouldn’t give her the satisfaction. He wouldn’t give her the excuse of ‘self-defense’ if this got ugly.
Castiel put his phone back up to his ear. “Mhmm,” he replied. He knew his voice would betray him if he tried to speak actual words.
“Cassie, only a month and a half ago, I had you tied to my bed, now you’re blushing because some bloke held your hand?” the brit asked, eyebrows clear up to his hairline.
“Hey, Alfie,” Sam got his boyfriend’s attention as they worked on their Geometry homework, “how do you know Castiel?” He prodded. Alfie looked up with surprise in his eyes.
He huffed and turned on his heel, grabbing his bag on his way out of the classroom. He didn’t say anything to Gabriel, and hoped his boyfriend could tie it up without revealing their trick.
“Holy shit baby,” Dean moaned, throwing his head back onto the pillows. Cas started taking Dean deeper, at an agonizingly slow pace. Cas then started bobbing up and down, setting a decent rhythm. Dean’s hand went straight to Cas' hair. He pulled slightly, causing Cas to moan around him.
"Well, she's my wife, and you will not call her a hag," he said sternly. "Secondly," and his voice gentled, "I'm sorry she's been on your case about the church thing. I understand that we never used to go, and that you don't want to go, and I shouldn't have made you go when she came along. I'll talk to her and try to reason with her," he said, finishing his juice and going upstairs to unpack his suitcase.
“Of course,” Castiel answered quickly. “I'm gonna miss you so much. I can't believe this is happening,” he said, willing the tears to go away. Balthazar reached out and pulled his friend into a hug.
Castiel was embarrassed. He’d never stopped them in the middle of...that before. He just...he didn’t want to have sex. Not tonight. He was worried that he might’ve been leading Dean on by making out with him. He just...wasn’t in the mood to take it any further. And he knew it was totally fine for him to say no, but that didn’t make him any less disappointed.
By the time he got home, he was pushing a quarter til seven. It took a little over twenty minutes to get to Charlie’s house, so he resigned himself to being fashionably late. He gathered up all the grocery bags from the trunk and made it up to the apartment in one trip. By the time he laid the bags on the kitchen floor, he was out of breath. That had not been an easy journey.
He stared at the note for a moment in complete and utter disbelief. ‘Gracious’? She locked him out of his own goddamn house! He didn’t mean to stay out so late, he just fell asleep. It wasn’t like he was waving his middle finger in her face (although he’d like to). She hadn't even let him explain himself. He crumpled up the paper and shoved it in his pocket as he made his way around the house. He let himself in through the back door and jumped when he noticed Naomi sitting at the table. She was absentmindedly toying with a ruler in her hand. They made eye contact for several long seconds, Cas too shocked to say anything. He had expected her to have gone to bed already.
Dean pulled into the parking lot and took a deep breath. Meeting new people had never particularly caused Dean to be anxious, but something about walking into this new job seemed to weigh heavily on him. This could be the first day of the rest of his life. He spotted Cas’ prius parked by the gym doors and smiled. He shook his head at the car; he’d been trying to convince Cas to get something else since the moment he laid eyes on the monstrosity (
“You got a problem with Led Zeppelin?” Dean asked, schooling his facial expression. At this point, a few more of their coworkers paused their conversations to listen in on the impending fight.
progressive,” she said. “He can stay in your room, and you can share with Sam,” she said, leaving no room for argument.
“Bart. Bart, look at me,” when she had his attention, she spoke clearly and calmly, “we can deal with everything else later, right now, we need to make up an excuse to go help him. I don’t think it’s safe to tell Michael where he is, either. He might tell Naomi.”
At Cas’ pleading, he added his middle finger, his boyfriend hissing at the burning sensation. Dean captured his lips again and swallowed Castiel’s moan as  he started pumping his fingers in and out, spreading them just slightly so his tight hole could accommodate all of Dean.
Dean shuffled his feet around, kicking the inside of Castiel’s to make him adopt a wider stance. Once he was pleased with Cas’ position, Dean slammed his hips into his boyfriend, punctuating his pelvic movement with a small bite at Cas’ lower lip.
“I can’t believe I didn’t think of that,” she grumbled, “Gabriel is getting antsy about the betting pool money.”
Cas smiled. This was going to be exactly like what he’d seen in movies. His parents were out of town, and he was about to throw an amazing party. He asked Ash to invite the usual guest list for his own parties. He told Cas that he was glad to not have to host for once.
At four the next morning, Dean had to get up and leave. They shared a long hug and a kiss before Dean had to force himself to go to work.
Dean and Charlie passed another set of stairs on their right that led to a small landing with three bedrooms and a bathroom. They saw a few people on the landing, and hoped for Ash’s sake that nobody was in the bedrooms. As they rounded the corner to the heart of the home, a few people yelled greetings up at the pair. They descended the stairs into the living room, pushing past sophomores who didn’t know how to pace themselves, and juniors who didn’t know how to flirt. Ash had a very strict ‘no freshman’ rule for his house parties.
“Hey, no, wait...I was just trying to-” Castiel didn’t finish his sentence because he took off running.
“Call me when you arrive in hick town,” Balthazar said as a figure passed Castiel’s room and entered the master bedroom.
"Well, there's this store we pass by quite often that has this really sharp looking watch." Dean offered.
"Daddy didn't tell me you were coming," Aiden revealed to Cas. Cas raised his eyebrows and entered the familiar home.
Dean straightened up and handed Cas his papers with a shy smile. Castiel returned the smile and resumed making his way to his classroom. He made eye contact with Charlie, who had a devilish look on her face. He hadn’t known her for long, but he knew that that look meant trouble.
“I’m sorry, but Naomi won’t be happy if I stay out too long,” Castiel said, only telling a half-lie. Technically, he was supposed to be staying over at Kevin’s, but on any other given Friday night, she would be up his ass about getting home at a decent time.
me...I don’t want to be around her,” Castiel said. They both stood there in silence for a few moments, Castiel unsure if he could leave yet. Finally, Bartholomew spoke up.
“Oh. My. Gosh!!!” Charlie squealed, “How long have you been dating? What does she look like? Is she funny? Where does she work? Tell me  e v e r y t h i n g !” the redhead demanded. Balthazar shot one last long-suffering look towards Dean as he ushered Charlie out of the room.
The tension at the lunch table later that day was palpable. Charlie sat there as the couple focused all of their attention on the food in front of them. She tried to break the ice a few times to no avail. After an agonizing fifteen minutes, Castiel excused himself and left the cafeteria.
Throughout the day, they barely left the bed. They only took breaks to eat and pee, and they'd taken a shower together at one point. It was absolute bliss.
“I’m ready,” he said before ripping it open and rolling it onto Dean’s swollen dick. He didn’t even give Dean time to process it before sinking down on him.
Dean walked over to Cas’s desk and sat on the corner, setting a bag on the flat surface. Well, it was flat under all of the files piled up.
“Yeah, well, don’t be,” Cas said, downing the last of what was in his cup. Dean was affronted. How could Cas say that? Of course Dean was going to worry about Cas, he was his boyfriend! And Dean sure hoped Castiel worried about him in exchange.
“You?” Dean shook his head, “me?” Dean nodded. Castiel excitedly put it all together. “Will. You. Merry. Me. Ha!! We won! Take
“What kind of mother would I be if I let my teenage son sleep in the same bed as his boyfriend? I know I’m progressive, but I’m not
After a few more moments, they broke apart and Castiel grabbed his skittles. They all settled in to watch
“Oh, yeah,” Castiel said, ever so smoothly. “I don’t know. I think this year is gonna be pretty low-key,” he added, trying to play it off.
. He flicked down his cigarette butt and used his shoe to grind it into the concrete. He made eye contact with the singer for a brief moment before turning around the corner and heading back inside.
“Not...really. It looks like they’re going to have to go ahead on the surgery. And she can’t work for like six months after that, and so she can’t...run the bar. I just...the money. For the bet. I think I need to bow out,” Jo explained. Charlie frowned.
“Sweet! I’ll see you in 20!” Charlie said before hanging up. Dean laughed to himself and went to his room to change. After putting on an old pair of jeans and a t-shirt he didn’t mind getting spilled on, he went back upstairs to ask his mom if he could stay the night at Charlie’s house. He got her approval and waited for Charlie to pick him up.
He was standing in front of his couch when he realized what he had said to Dean. Cas sat down in a rush. He had belittled Dean’s career. The very career that
“And you’re drunk,” Dean said crossly. He could smell the booze on Cas' breath. “C’mon, let’s get you home,” Dean said, starting to walk them in the direction of Charlie’s parked car. He’d barely had anything to drink at the party, and he’d left hours ago. Charlie had picked him up from his house before the party, so he didn’t have access to his own car.
Castiel recounted everything that had happened since Thanksgiving. Balthazar listened patiently, giving his two cents here and there. Castiel felt so relieved to be talking to Balthazar again. It had been too long since they had spoken.
The expression was gone as soon as it appeared, which left Cas wondering if he’d even seen it in the first place.
“Didn’t you say it took all day for you guys to agree on something?” Dean questioned. Surely, that was a fight on Naomi’s part.
“About what was going on tonight. I filled her in and when I said I had to leave, she ordered me to come down here and spend the night. She even said we could keep the door closed,” Cas explained. Dean hummed in approval and wrapped his arm a little tighter around his boyfriend.
apple juice?” Dean raised an eyebrow. "Is that not acceptable?" Cas smiled at Dean and gave him a challenging look. "Am I supposed to ask you permission to go shopping?"
“Yeah, I’m quite aware of that,” she replied, leaning forward to steal a fry off of his plate. After a moment of being fake-offended at the theft, Castiel sighed.
“Alright, since I know you won't let it go,” Ash acquiesced. Castiel thanked him again and they made plans to meet on Wednesday so Ash could tinker with Cas' phone.
Dean looked up into the mirror and immediately felt stupid, Cas's notes had made him blush like a twelve year old girl. He drew his eyes back to the note.
Dean managed to get Castiel into the passenger seat and buckle him up without too much trouble. When he was buckled in his own seat and headed back towards his own house, he spoke up.
“Mmmmm, Dean,” Castiel whined, and holy shit, Dean could listen to that all day long. It wasn’t long before Castiel’s breath became labored and Dean knew his boyfriend was getting close. He picked up his pace and encouraged Castiel by humming around his cock, sending vibrations up Castiel’s spine. With a whimper and the nails on his right hand digging into Dean’s shoulder, Castiel came, shaking through his orgasm. Dean pulled off and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
“Hmm...cabernet sauvignon,” he said, not displeased, but obviously not overwhelmed, “I’m a bit more partial to
“I’ve been pretty preoccupied thinking about tonight,” Cas admitted, “I couldn’t tell you a single thing any of the teachers said today.”
He turned from the French teacher to staple a poster to the wall as his colleague went on about his own opinions regarding what might have happened. Meanwhile, Cas was trying not to be completely consumed by the thoughts raging inside his head. After hours? Was Balthazar implying that Ms. Rosen had a relationship with the principal? Were relationships amongst staff members prohibited? If Ms. Rosen was kicked out for being in a straight relationship, would Cas and Dean’s be met with harsher consequences?
Dean ignored his whining brother in favor of leaning down and kissing Castiel solidly on the mouth. Castiel laughed and wrapped his legs around Dean’s waist, drawing complaints from both Charlie and Sam.
Dean smirked as he shot out of the opening gate. He timed his power up perfectly, and he was now in front of the pack. He grinned as he received a random item. Three green shells. He could work with that. Wario tried passing him, but with an armored nudge, Peach had Wario spinning out and falling off the edge. He was able to maintain his lead as he finished his first lap.
“Ok,” Balthazar said, standing up to assist his coworker, “let me drive you home.” Dean broke out into uproarious laughter as Balthazar eyed him skeptically. He hadn’t told a joke, had he?
“I almost shit my pants,” Castiel replied, smiling. Dean laughed and flopped onto his bed. Castiel looked at the ground and chewed on the inside of his cheek.
“Since I did notice your car parked here when I went out to grab the paper this morning, I’ll believe you,” she started, “but I have to say that that is very peculiar behavior coming from you, Castiel,” she said.
"Don't deny it. You did something stupid, didn't you?" She have him a challenging glare and lifted an eyebrow.
Castiel heard the garage door open, and suddenly, he wasn't in such a great mood. Balthazar must have noticed as well because when Cas looked back at the screen, he could tell Balthazar was worried.
“Back in Chicago, Alfie and I were really good friends. He was there for me when my mom died, even when I acted like an asshole to him. One night, the summer before my sophomore year, he was sleeping over while Michael was ‘babysitting’ us. We were in my room and he basically told me that he was gay and that he had feelings for me. I had been going through a really rough place in my life, and a lot of things were complicated about what Alfie had told me. For starters, I had been sleeping with Balthazar for almost a year, completely under the radar for everyone, except for Alfie, who I told everything to. He was the only person I could talk to about what went on between me and Balthazar. Alfie knew that Balthazar and I weren’t exclusive, and the offer of a real, stable relationship was tempting for me. I kissed Alfie to see if there was anything
Once that task was complete, they went around opening the gifts, Mary oohing and ahhing at everything. Castiel tried to be annoyed by it, but couldn’t find it in himself to keep the frown on his face.
"Yes it is," Cas confirmed. He didn't know it had already been three months. It felt so short while also seeming like they've been together forever. Cas threaded his fingers through Dean's and smiled. "Well, happy anniversary," Cas said with a kiss on Dean's lips.
"I demand respect in this house, not some misguided queer insulting me!" she bellowed, striking her step-son once again, this time catching his cheek. He turned over to cradle his face. She delivered her final blow to the back of his head before smashing the plate on her pristine hardwood floor, turning on her heel, and marching upstairs.
“Oh yeah? What was the prank?” Dean asked, half to switch the conversation away from him and Cas, and half because he was genuinely interested in what Gabriel did to Lisa.
weekend, and he was about to throw his first ever, real-life party. It was going to be the best weekend of his life.
Halfway through the movie, Aiden was zonked out, using Cas as a pillow and Dean as a footrest. Cas looked over at Dean and watched as the changing light from the television danced across his boyfriend's face. Dean looked over and caught Cas staring at him. They both smiled and Dean looked down at the sleeping five-year-old. Dean gently removed himself and extracted Aiden from Cas's lap. He carried him into his bedroom and tucked him in, adding a kiss to his forehead for good measure. Dean got up and almost ran into Cas. He smiled and went to stand in the doorframe.
After the final bell rang, signaling the end of the school day, Castiel packed his things and headed out to his car. As he made his way out the front door, a voice called for his attention. He turned to see a lanky, blond boy.
“Tonight works for you?” she asked to confirm. Dean thought about it and wondered if Castiel had planned anything for the evening.
Across from the back wall, looking over the driveway were two large, rectangular windows parallel with each other; and two smaller, weirdly shaped windows above them. It gave the appearance of a cross in the space between the widows. He tried not to think about that too much. Castiel centered his queen-size bed in front of the windows because they had a nice ledge he could put his things on while he was sleeping. On the left side of his room was his own en suite and one walk-in closet. On the right side was another walk-in. It was a nice setup.
The tight-knit group of Dean, Charlie, Sam, Alfie, and Balthazar stayed well into the night, celebrating and having a good time. Balthazar had even snuck a flask in with him, and was gracious enough to share with the graduates. Dean was tense around him when he had first arrived, but after Balthazar had apologized for the Halloween debacle, they seemed to get along fine; however, Castiel did notice Dean’s arm tighten ever so slightly around him while Balthazar was in proximity. Before long, the others bid their farewells and it was just Dean and Cas.
“You coming?” Dean asked. Castiel stood up and put his arms around Dean’s neck. He rested their foreheads together. After a moment, Cas leaned in and gently kissed Dean. At first, he didn’t kiss back, which worried Castiel. But, after a couple seconds, Dean wrapped his arms around Cas' waist and kissed back. They lost their balance when Cas leaned into him a bit too heavily, Dean not positioned to take Cas' weight. The taller boy stumbled backwards, falling right onto his back and dragging Castiel with him. After the shock faded, the pair shared a look and started laughing. At first, it was a few small chuckles, but it turned into full belly laughs in just a few seconds.
He heard rustling coming from the bedroom, and a moment later, Dean came out, holding the overflowing laundry basket. He looked pissed.
“I think I can distract Dean for a few minutes,” Jo bit back petulantly. They’d all gotten to be pretty decent friends over their Game Nights and daily lunches. She could stall him for a few minutes no problem.
“Do you know what you want?” Cas asked, looking over at Dean. Dean was squinting at the menu, trying to choose between a slushie and a shake.
“Mmm, just wait ‘til I get going,” Cas teased, leaving a trail of kisses down Dean’s abdomen. Just as Dean thought things were about to pick up, Cas skirted him once again, going to work a hickey onto his hip bone instead of wrapping those lips around the one thing Dean wanted him to. Castiel smirked at the string of profanity escaping Dean’s mouth. It was Dean’s idea to be restrained...didn’t he know what he was getting himself into?
“In the morning?” Dean whined. Castiel chuckled and took off the clothes he’d had on last night. He hated putting clothes from the night before back on after an impromptu sleepover (of which he’d had plenty in college), so he discarded those and slipped on a pair of lounge pants.
tossed in here and there. It was euphoric. The day was also spent as a giant game of 20 questions. They fired inquiries at each other left and right, craving to know more about the one they loved.
“You’re fucking right I am,” Dean snapped back, his grip on the steering wheel turning his knuckles white, “you’re lucky I didn’t leave you there, or call Naomi to go get you.”
“Skittles?” Cas asked, a smile lighting up his face. He opened them up immediately, picking out one of his favorite (green apple; he was so happy when they made the switch from lime) and popping it into his mouth. Dean smiled at his boyfriend. Sam made fake vomiting sounds from his seat in the back. The older brother threw his car into drive sped away, flipping Sam off as they pulled out of the parking lot.
“Hell yeah,” Dean answered, sitting up. He ripped open the packet of lube and Cas lay on his back at the opposite end of the couch. Dean slicked up his fingers and slowly pushed one in.
, Bradbury. If Castiel is staying for dinner, you are not allowed to do anything funny, alright?” Dean demanded in a hushed tone as he pulled out his phone and double checked with his mother that she was picking up enough food for six people.
"Ok, I’m gonna teach you guys a new game." Jo and Meg groaned, but Benny and Gabe were in good spirits.
Dean’s jaw stiffened as the teams took their positions. Gabriel counted the pairs down, starting the timer on his phone. He slipped up next to Dean as their teams fought it out.
“That’s right...you’re a tea gal, aren’t you? I’m afraid I don’t know if we have any. You could check the cupboard,” he offered. She waved him off again, scrambling to find the words to say to him.
proudly displayed. He remembered how much trouble it gave the band to decide on that name. The cords to a song Castiel couldn’t forget if he tried rang out and the crowd cheered. Apparently, he wasn’t the only one who was familiar with this song. Joseph, with just one drink in him, was already quite handsy. The notes of the old song in tune with his boyfriend’s moves had Castiel’s head swimming. Memories of old and feelings and new mixed so bitter-sweetly, he didn’t know how he was still standing. The band played a few more songs before they had an intermission in which a younger band came out to keep the bar patrons entertained.
After they were both stripped down to nothing, Dean kissed Cas once more before flipping him over. He trailed kisses down Cas's back, the shorter man moaning and searched for friction with the sheets. Dean's heat above him vanished for a moment before Cas felt a slicked up finger near his hole.
“Oh, yeah it’s...nice. The building is certainly intriguing, I’m a bit of a history buff, actually, so I’ll be excited to learn more about Middlefield’s history,” Castiel said, relaxing a bit as he thought about what secrets this building might have.
As Cas clenched around Dean, the taller man thrusted twice more and unloaded, spilling everything into Cas.
Dean supposed that moving up game night wasn’t the worst way he could spend his evening. He pulled out his phone and sent a text to his boyfriend.
“Don't forget you have to give me a ride home,” Sam reminded his brother before rushing into the building to find Alfie.
“I’m sorry,” he apologized again, “for not keeping you in the loop,” he threw a look towards the bathroom, “and for him,” he tacked on. She laughed at that.
"Ohmygod, Dean. It’s dreamy condom man." Jo stage whispered to Dean. He turned around and looked in the direction she was pointing. He dropped the deluxe bag of dumdums and crouched down to pick them up.
“Ok,” Charlie said, “another two-v-two. Same rules apply. This time, the game is a candy toss. In each pair, there will be a ‘pitcher’ and a ‘catcher’,” a few of them scoffed at the innuendo. Charlie rolled her eyes and pressed on, “you’ll take a skittle from this bowl and attempt to throw it into your partner’s cup. The one with the most pieces of candy after a minute, wins!”
“This is important,” Castiel replied, challenging his brother with a look. Cas wiped his sweaty hands on his jeans and realized that he had left his phone upstairs. He cursed himself for doing that, but he wasn’t about to go retrieve it.
The next day, Dean woke again to the insistent buzzing of his phone. He snatched it off the night stand dismissed the alarm.
“Last I checked, I was your best fucking friend, Castiel! Those people usually have some sway in this sort of thing.
“I’m going to go and talk to him,” Balthazar said. Dean grabbed his shoulder in an effort to stop him.
Dean wrapped his arms tightly around Cas’ middle, using his thighs to lift them up. Castiel held on for dear life, his shoulders hitting the wall above the headboard. Dean was quick to act, starting up a punishing pace. He thrust in and out of Cas, grunting as he tried to find that sweet spot inside of Castiel.
Castiel needed to tell the Winchesters the news, so he bid Balthazar goodbye with the promise of talking more often and headed over to their house. He was barraged with hugs when he told them the good news. Luckily, Charlie was already at the Winchester’s, so he didn’t have to tell her separately as well. By the end of the day, Castiel was beaming so hard, his cheeks hurt.
“So,” Dean started timidly, “are you free tomorrow night? I’m pretty sure I could get us a seat at The Roadhouse,” he said. Castiel smiled. They had their first date there in college.
Cas took a break from Dean’s mouth to removed a certain piece of offensive clothing. Once Dean’s cock was free, Cas took it in his hand and started a slow pace. It was just slow enough to keep Dean from going over the edge.
“Dean,” Cas said, “they’re giving out our cords up at the front desk. We should grab them now.” Dean nodded and followed his boyfriend to retrieve their cords. They had both achieved high academic honor (even though Dean complained the entire way through calculus, the son of a bitch got a better grade than Cas).
“Um, Cas?” Dean whispered huskily into the darkness. Cas hummed his acknowledgement. “Was there another reason you wanted to come over?” Dean asked.
"Cas, babe, I gotta get up." Dean whispered and he tried to disentangle himself from the clingy octopus that was his boyfriend.
“I don’t know...it didn’t really come up,” Dean said, “but I’m afraid it might’ve scared him or something? He said that he thought he’d never have something like this...like our relationship.”
Dean thought bitterly. Just as he thought that, the remembered other occupants of the room. He blushed furiously, thankful that the only source of light was coming from the television.
Maybe he’d just figure out his wardrobe later. He had all day, after all. After deciding his future self would make the executive decision on attire, he put on sweats and walked into the kitchen. He wanted some breakfast.
As a response, Castiel took the hand that was on his thigh and placed it exactly where he wanted it.
than friends,” he added sheepishly. Castiel nodded at the information. He swallowed thickly and resumed eating his dinner. Conversations carried on around him but he wasn't really paying attention. He distracted himself by catching glimpses of Dean when he thought no one was watching. The boy was unfairly attractive.
Two short weeks later, Castiel found himself with only two full days left of summer vacation. It was funny how fast time flew when your parents were out of town almost every weekend, and you had a new boyfriend to spend your nights with.
made it home last night, right? Worst case scenarios flashed through Castiel’s mind one after another. Worried, he paced quickly towards their bedroom and willed his heart to stop beating so fast when he saw his boyfriend sprawled out on the bed.
“Pshh, whatever,” Dean brushed off, “I’m still the one you come home to,” Dean flashed his boyfriend a cheesy smile.
“Like...shit, yesterday I tried to have breakfast, right?” he took another swig of whiskey, “and I pull the cereal box outta the cupboard, and it’s empty! Like? C’mon! At least throw away the box!”
