“You heard the man. Tomorrow.” Tony mumbles through his teeth, tastes the blood on his lips.
“It is alright. Many have forgotten the old ways, you are not the first to doubt the existence of gods, nor will you be the last.”
in all the ways that mattered. He doesn’t know how to explain it, just a gut feeling in his stomach.
“Steve-”
“Sounds very much like the Howard I knew.”
His first orgasm hits when Ed pinches and squeeze his nipple. It suprises him, his fingers smooth and warm, his vision whites out and squeezes tightly on the grunting Alpha behind him, coming on the bed. Vaguely, he hears Ed’s voice, probably a narration of techniques but Steve blocks that out.
“Uhm.” Steve interjects, right in the middle of frying his bacon.
But as it is, he isn’t so lucky. Once the suit is disassembled, Stevos is right there in the lab, a medkit in tow and frustrated look to boot. He doesn’t even bother to act surprise, just sits down and takes the brunt of Stevos’s prodding for injuries. Which aren’t a lot, considering. Mostly bruising from when he was being bashed around.
It's a simple question, it also screams that Tony thinks that Steve's lost his mind.
“I guess I did.” Tony shakes his head. “Call whenever it is you need me. We are the Avengers after all, gotta keep in touch somehow.” He says, turning his back on him and throws up a peace sign.
“It’s what I know. I picked it out from his bunker myself.”
The car came to a halt, Steve gathered his meager things and stepped out, taking in the rest of the facade. Walking up to the door, for at least that was recognizable, he was surprised not to find a scanner of any kind. Instead, there was a doorbell, which he promptly rang.
“It is four fourteen in the morning, Captain.”
“Steve.” Justin repeats. “Well Steve. I couldn’t but notice that you were with Tony Stark tonight. You wouldn’t happen to be his Omega, would you?” He asks with a smile that Steve feels would be more appropriate on a Hyena. It’s the most direct question he’s had all night.
They move and flow with Steve’s Heat, Tony fucking into Steve as his Heat peaks, sweaty and horny, and rest when it turns low. What precious moments they had was used for sleep, Steve would wake them both up, moaning and grinding against Tony, and the Alpha would respond in kind.
“What are you waiting for? Take this
Howard just looks on. “He does look interesting.”
He had gone over with Natasha’s words in mind, pretended to trip over one of the Alphas and then used his ‘
"Because you're the kindest man I've ever known, brave too to face everything he's been through, gorgeous body I have to say and can't deny, just the sweetest thing and humble too, need I go on?" Tony encourages. "I want you, Steve Rogers. And you know me, I tend to get what I want." Tony chuckles, though Steve can sense the nervousness.
“Okay. Well, I’ll find a car ready for you and-”
“Apologies. It would have been done earlier if I wasn’t so… Busy.” Tony motions to the room, almost as if he’s inviting Steve to take a jab at the mess. But of course Steve knows better than to be taunted. “A few upgrades here and there, and an anti-theft system. If anyone except you tries to start it, it just won’t.”
He decided that he likes Hawkeye.
Placing the dildo back on the desk, Steve reads the note.
They fell into each other, slotting neatly despite their awkward first meeting. Even that felt so far away to Steve now, huddled so deeply in Tony’s scent that he cannot even remember how he manages to feel happy without.
Steve wrinkles his nose in reprimand, wrenching himself from Tony’s grasp. The lack of skin is almost maddening, but the need that building in his body was even more so. Tony seemed to have some misconceptions about how this would proceed, perhaps a nudge in the right direction…
By his third orgasm, tears streak his face, Andrew is finally shaking after his orgasm, and it’s almost with panic when Steve pulls away so that the knot doesn’t lock them together. He doesn’t like getting knotted if he can help it, only in heat when it’s necessary, but otherwise he avoids it whenever possible.
And while Steve would very much like to say no, Frank is also half-way leaning over the counter while talking to Steve.
It had felt easier back then to slot together, or Steve supposes it had been a much more terrible night and neither had cared much for comfort anyway.
“I didn’t mean what I said, you know. Back in the lab.” Tony murmurs suddenly, eyes closed as Steve continues to run antiseptic on his side.
“Captain Rogers?”
Frank. The Alpha’s name is Frank. Andrew’s older brother, who has seen it fit to see the rest of Steve’s heat through.
“Who was his first Alpha anyway?”
Tony gets it. The Greeks and Romans must have caught a glimpse of the gods, tried their best capture their beauty in marble. He would too, if he was given just an ounce of artistic talent.
Tony watches. Every flex of muscle, concentration written deep in the god’s body, every thrust that Stevos puts in to bring him to completion.
“Do I get to choose the Alpha from your uh- list?”
It takes Stevos fifteen minutes to convince him that they should take a bath together. Damn the god’s stamina, all Tony wants is to pass out in bed, but he relents when Stevos casts those stupidly beautiful blue eyes on him.
Tony sits there with the same concerned, patient expression. Just waiting (on him?) for any indication from Steve.
"I guess." Steve smiles despite himself. Of course, Tony just had to change the world, even while he was battered and bruised. "When's the trip?"
. And I need you beside me. You're always so good at seeing something I've missed, a fresh perspective. I love that about you. You always make things better." Tony smiles.
Clint hums. “And what’s my scent?”
Tony dumps himself on the workshop couch, tumbler of health juice brought along as he down the rest of it.
##########
He wakes and goes for an hour run. S.H.I.E.L.D. doesn’t let him out of the compound, but the treadmill does it’s job.
and patterns it into its core database, you can teach it how you move, and it can anticipate what you want to do.” Tony sweeps his palms over the handle, almost lovingly. “You’ve got your personal AI for voice recognition and voice commands, but don’t expect anything as fancy as Jarvis.”
It isn’t long before Tony finds it comfortable to move, and Stevos bends Tony’s body into a position where he can fuck him deep, hands spreading Tony’s legs obscenely wide to push in further.
, determined to catch up with this current century before it inevitably came crashing down on him. He wasn’t optimistic, not when he knew that S.H.I.E.L.D. was determinedly sanitizing every piece of information he got, not when he knew that the psychiatrists and medical team treated him with kid gloves.
be on this list.”
“Because I’ve been stopping myself from having you.” Tony actually laughs, dark and sinister, a flicker over Steve’s body that alludes to just what he’s thinking. There’s a hand on his chest, demanding as it squeezing a pec, ghosting over a nipple that has Steve squirming. “If it had been up to me. Oh Steve, you don’t want to know what I’ve been thinking. The morning, the end of your heat? If I had had my way? I would have brought you along to Stark Industries, kept you seated on my lap during that meeting with the General. I’d play with your nipples right in front of them.” He punctuates with a firm pinch to Steve’s tit, holding the bud between two fingers and twisting.
. Definitely could get used to this. You okay there? For a moment it looked like you were getting ready to get beat up.”
She wipes the tears from her eyes, and places her hands right back into Tony’s.
And then white hot rage that they would even think of Tony that way. Tony, who has been nothing but nice and pleasant to everyone, even when Steve can tell he isn’t exactly happy with a person. The slight tang in the air, the momentary frown on Tony’s lips before he turns it into a smile, the tired look in his eyes when they leave them be. The way he moves just the slightest bit towards Steve whenever they’re approached, whether to be a comforting presence or just make sure that no Alpha would get the wrong idea, Steve’s not sure but he appreciates it very much.
“He wasn’t always The Engineer.” He starts out, takes a seat on the lab’s couch while he rests to the shield to one side. “We all knew him as Howard Stark, futurist, inventor, bit of a schmoozer and a good snake oil salesman.”
Tony grunts tipping his head to a nod, but breaking eye contact. Permission granted.
And while mating blocks still existed, they were no longer the Alpha-centric environment he had known, but a more mutual place where Alphas in rut and Omegas in heat could help one another out to their benefit, or at least most of them were.
“You wanted a dog.” Steve chuckles into Tony’s neck, even as the man struggles in his grasp. The sketchbook is quickly tucked away, lest it be kicked and crumpled by a squirmy Stark.
know these people, for however long that might be. Enough to garner found memories and smiles.
“JARVIS?”
It’s not that cold, but he still bunches up his snow coat over himself to stop the shivers. He’d been lucky in the afternoon, not so much now, not with the chilly wind biting against his cheeks.
“Six hundred thousand.”
“Oh, nothing, Will. Just a new Omega, running him through the basic. You better get in there and find a regular, I don’t want you scaring this one off with your charm.” Annie rolls her eyes, but Steve can tell it’s all in good jest.
, goes unsaid.
“Talk me through this, Tony, help me understand.” He says, nice and quiet, watches for the tell-tale signs of distress.
"Received 4F three times." He offers.
Like Seth who did construction work, and went home to his gal right after, except it was bar night and he and his boys would get borderline drunk before they dragged their sorry asses back home. He had a kid who just started talking, and wouldn’t stop saying 'baf!’ when he was excited.
Frank.
And then everything explodes and the team is tested for the first time.
There’s a flurry of bidding, and the blonde Omega is quickly worth two hundred fifty in just a few minutes.
“Don’t move. God. What d’ya need, Steve? More water? I can-”
“Are you okay?” Tony manhandles him into a seat.
Steve first reaction was to panic and get him down from there but at second glance he figures that that would have been the wrong thing to do. Clint looked relaxed where he lay, a hint of a smile on his lips despite his position.
engineer. He says all that and then gives me this real…” Steve stops to try and find a word. “A real
“Of course. Yes.” Even though he feels drained both physically and mentally, the news about Tony felt like a jolt. He leans forward, elbows on his knees. “I can leave first thing tomorrow.”
That makes some sense, Steve relents and pockets the blade.
There’s no Happy to escort him to Tony’s Malibu home, though the car and jet are familiar.
Letting the reel of his father’s documented speeches is his way of making amends. He hadn’t honored him much in life, it had been difficult living in the constant shadow of his old man, and his father hadn’t exactly been the most nurturing parent but he needed something for the press.
“Did he at least give you guys the upgrades you wanted?”
“That must have been very difficult for you. Not being with him.” He pauses from his sketch, takes his time to look Tony’s sleeping form once more. There would have been no Tony to brighten the room, to throw insults at his robot pets, nor would there have been anyone to speak to JARVIS. The house would have been empty.
Tony sits through most of it, watches as people bid for the Omegas, each one brought up to the stage, still naked. They go anywhere from a hundred thousand to two hundred. He almost feels sorry for them, how they must feel to just stand there and be stared at. And with each successful bid, there’s a smatter of polite applause for the winner.
His grip is vice-like on Stevos’s hips, uncaring if they mark or hurt, and snaps right into Stevos’s ass. “Holy fuck, you feel so good. How the hell are you this tight.” Tony moans, loses himself to the slick heat of Stevos wrapped like a glove around his cock. Each thrust is like chasing heaven, electricity through his veins. Each burn of friction is better than the last, every slap of his balls to Stevos’s ass is a jolt of desire to go deeper and harder.
Then he turns around and leaves.
“Happy getting the rest of your things?” Tony breaks the silence, gesturing at the bag that Steve grips so tightly.
This time, Tony laughs, though he knows it must be very rude to do so. “You know, a typical Omega wouldn’t ask so many questions. That’s why I want you. You aren’t typical, aren’t you? Just look at you, you’re the most
They got through the afternoon with little incident, with a few new scratches from close calls. And while Steve’s cuts were gone by the end of training, Clint sported two new cuts on his leg.
as to what the Omega was thinking, or encountered one that would outright
“I wish the two of you could have met. I think he would have liked you. Would probably try to fight you first but he’d have warmed up after a while.” Steve breathes out. “He would have asked all the questions about everything here, from what it’s made off and how it works, and probably if he could make one himself.”
He doesn’t expect to recognize anything, which makes him mentally prepared to not show his surprise. Tony breezes past explainations, pointing out the kitchen and living room (There was a huge picture box!) without much preamble. The place whispers of money and influence, even Steve can see that.
’ like my life is on a fucking television up in the sky for you to watch and laugh at!”
"It's okay.
It’s a slow dance after that, Tony exploring, or rather re-exploring Stevos’s body. It’s nice to know that all his spots have remained unchanged, except there are parts that Tony likes a little better now.
##########
Steve groans. “Aw Tony, c’mon.”
“I was asking if you wanted anything in particular for dinner.”
Tony Stark was kidnapped.”
, especially after Stark Industries stopped production on all of their weapons. This was
“Wow! Is this the new Starkphone? This isn’t even out in the market yet! Holy shit, it is!” Michael exclaims, turning the phone, the little STARK logo gleaming in the low light. “Oh my god, is it as good as the reviews say they are? It’s like,
“I sense a juicy part.”
Steve gives him a look.
“So err, thank ye, minor god of courage.”
It takes Steve a second to wrestle down the squirm in his chest, before he takes a breath and enters the room.
Ed’s hold is firm on his hips however, not letting squirm out of his grip, a final push to make sure his knot takes and seals them together with it. Steve panics, squeals and gasps out, fists curling in the sheets. “That’s it, that’s it, sshh, I’ve got ya.” Ed soothes, presses his palm between Steve’s shoulder blades to keep him down.
As always, thanks for reading, the comments and kudos. Always, always, appreciated, and if there are concerns, just leave a comment below.
Steve has to take a deep breath before answering. “No, they’re just jerk. They’ll get what’s coming to them.”
“Do you have any clothes with you?” Tony questions next.
“Well? Get naked. We ain’t gonna fuck with you bundled up like that.” Steve all but pouts, drags the Alpha right back up to wrestle away buttons and buckles. He owns this moment, Heat demands he does, impatiently pawing at the Alpha’s bulge through his pants, and there’s a lot of fumbling around, what with Steve’s hasty fingers and the Alpha’s own earnest.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t here for you, Anthony.” There’s a sadness that fills his voice.
It is pain like he has never felt before, always there, a constant jab at every moment. He tries to struggle, but he's helpless against it, the cold grasping at every limb until he can't feel the rest of his body anymore. Even his heart doesn't feel as if it's attached to his body anymore, it steady thrum replaced by the creeping cold, replaced with a pain that-
Tony is rattling off the Ironman’s capabilities. Flight, repulsor technology (Patent pending), core reserves, retractable weapons, and more than what Steve wants to know about every slip and catch than he thinks he needs to.
They reach a door, a short knock, they wait a moment, and enter.
' He adds in.
“Anthony?” Stevos inquires, already crossing the distance between them, brows knit together in worry.
Tony’s staring at him, as if to say ‘
“So you are a greek god?”
team were here. And they were a mess too.
Frank opens the box regardless, and Steve can't even stop himself from looking.
, our government, the American government, during the height of the second World War against the Nazi’s was asking for funding and weapons from Wakanda, a highly secretive, relatively peaceful nation. Didn’t go so well, obviously. And for laughs, this is a hypothesis from my part because Wakanda is
Tony can only stare as the man, dressed in some kind of dark blue tactical suit, the material clinging to every muscle desperately, turns to him. He’s fucking gorgeous, windswept blonde hair cropped perfectly, startling blue eyes, jaw set in a determined line.
“Perfect, c’mere.” Tony say through the screwdriver.
Steve thinks about it, remembers the unfortunate men on the other side and how every thought out in the field had been to stay alive, no matter what it took.
“I bet you regret making me your patron now.” Tony snarls, raising the faceplate up so that Stevos can get a good look at his face. And also to properly yell at him, that seems important in the grand scheme of things. “I’m not a good man, Stevos, I’m fucking broken. You chose fucking wrong, and when I die, you’ll die too.” And shit, he almost feels like putting the gauntlets to his head and blasting himself at a hundred percent. Close contact without the helmet. A quick certain death.
Which means, his mind is quick to remind him, that earlier, Tony had been rutting against him, there had only been one thin layer of cloth between them.
He’d tried to reason with himself at first, pretend that the dark-haired Alpha in his fantasies wasn’t Tony, but simply a stranger that his mind had helpfully conjured to quicken his arousal. He’s even forcefully tried to change the fantasy, imagined a bigger Alpha, thick thighs and blonde hair, clinging to older memories when he was smaller and the Alpha would cover his entire body.
Tony would have taken it as offense, if it were not for the waves of
“Oh, you’re blushing. Didn’t think I’d find it so cute.”
“As I was saying. The board has finally agreed to see your final specs before we push through with manufacturing. We need to leave right
I suppose I owe some sort of explanation.
“Prototype. Coulson was working on it. Speaking of which, do you have the original?”
Tonight though, he feels the first vestiges of an ache, knows what that means and promptly asks JARVIS if he could bother Tony in the lab. This was why he was here in the first place. He’d rather tell Tony himself.
Steve swallows, his gut feels like it’s sinking into the depths of the earth. How should he even explain? Should he bother with an explanation? No matter where he looked at it, punching Justin had been wrong, even if he did make outrageous claims on him. And he’d done it while being Tony’s date, which would no doubt ruin his reputation. Oh God, what if it went on the news? Commander Fury would never let him out again.
“Still, I wanted to… Let you know I didn’t mean it. Nothing by it. God, I wanted to hurt you, and I knew just the words to say.”
“I’m not taking your money, Tony.” He doesn’t like that idea, not one bit.
“Yep, biofeed and retina scanners for entry and flight. If it’s not Rhodey, eject the asshole who thinks he can take my suit and blow the 7 out on Stark Premises.” Tony decides, pinching his nose as he takes a drink from his veggie goop.
The scratch of the Alpha’s beard on his neck, the scent of him so close and tangible. Steve cries out as his orgasm takes him, rattles the breath out of his lungs and leaves him feeling wrung out.
##########
Oh right, some time during the hour, he’d decided he didn’t really like wearing a shirt anymore, not with it being so hot. So he’d shucked it. Somewhere. (Floor maybe?)
“Yes, Captain Rogers. How may I be of assistance?”
Steve checks it, and sees the photograph. It’s him, looking confused, with the drawing, sitting on the bed. Almost perfect. If only he wasn’t in it.
Steve tells her about his nightmares, the way he jolts awake almost every night, feeling cold and clammy, gasping for breath like it’s his last.
Steve thinks he’ll never really want it, not in the way she suggests, but he nods anyway.
Steve obeys, pulling his shirt up just enough to expose his nipples to the chilly breeze. Tony makes quick work of the display, latching a mouth to one nipple, while he uses his free hand to twist and worry the other.
There’s an awkward pause between them, a moment where they just stare at one another. Then Tony rolls his eyes and leans closer.
“Sure, that greek god who makes all the other god’s weapons and shit.”
He wants to stand on his own feet.
Tony can’t find the words to express himself, only buries his head onto Rhodey’s and nods over and over again, hugs as much as he can. He’s going home, he’s actually going
“Tony, I thought you said- Oh! Sorry!”
Tony, surprisingly, does bring home some pies for them to share. Five boxes, because Tony’s learned his lesson when it came to sharing food with Steve.
“JARVIS pinged me that your heart rate escalated, and you weren't responding to any of his attempts to wake you.” Tony says slowly, the way one would talk to a frightened animal. “Coupled by your REM reading and frantic brain activity, I deduced nightmare.” After a beat. “You’re safe, you’re in my mansion in Malibu. Do you know who I am?”
Steve gulps and nods.
Justin leans over, just the slightest, enough that Steve can smell his thick perfume. Steve stiffens, jaw tightening. “Between you and me, how much is Tony paying you to play his sweet Omega? Trying schmooze his way back after that disaster of a convention of his? I’ll double it if you talk.” Justin’s grip tightens on his knee, his smile turning dark. “A guy like Tony isn't meant to have an Omega. I mean, look what happened to Potts! Thrown out for the newer model, by the looks of it. Can’t say I blame the guy, you’re gorgeous.”
Tonight, they’re getting smashed in a bar, or rather, Clint’s getting incredibly drunk while Steve feels like he’s overheating.
“Jesus. That’s not-” He coughs through it, visibly fighting a wheeze with a hand to his chest. “No! Why would you think that?”
The archer raises a brow, expression carefully guarded.
“I’m real sorry Clint.” He had tried to apologize, feeling horrible for going too aggressive and causing the man some pain.
, like sweet, gooey and some place safe.
“I don’t think I’m gay. I’ve always only ever been sexually attracted to Alphas.”
“Put in as much as you’d like. Go ahead. I won’t judge.” Tony chuckles, turning back to the stove, flames flickering off.
“It doesn’t count when there’s no actual fire. There was a lot of residual smoke, that was it, that’s to be expected from a chemical reaction. It’s not my fault-”
“A full body armor that can fly, with an onboard weapon system that would put a tank to shame.” Clint says, almost dreamily. “Wish I had one, but then Stark’s not good with sharing.”
“Jarvis.” He gulps, decision made. “Do you think you could show me what happened to Tony after he came back?”
“Sometimes.”
Phil is apparently an expert at being in charge, takes a seat by the table, and then motions for Steve to take the seat across himself. There’s nothing aggressive about the behavior, and Steve feels compelled to obey, a crisp professionalism emanating from the Beta.
As it turns out, the ‘short list’ of Alphas expand to be twenty five Alphas, with varying degrees of groans from Clint and Natasha. They aren’t listed in any particular order, as the first Alpha was quickly yelled at.
“I never complained that you don’t work-”
A rumble of chairs until everyone is seated once more, a few mutters of curiosity.
“And what? Mind your own business, pipsqueak. You his babysitter or something?”
Blue eyes no less blue, Tony runs a trail from his cheek to his neck, easy now that Stevos was shorter than him, studies the jutting collarbones and down to pert nipples. He is no less warm either, and no less beautiful. Here he can catch the blush on Stevos’s face, all the way down his chest.
“You beg so prettily.” Stevos hums, a hint of amusement even as he moves his hand faster. The pressure is just right on his dick, and he’s leaking pre-cum all over Stevos’s hand. “Would you beg for my cock like so, Anthony? Would you like me inside of you?”
“Of course he is, Andrew. He’s an Omega. They are very delicate creatures, my boy. It’s why I have to teach you first, before you try to find your own mate.” Ed affirms, and Steve has to stop the retort that’s on his tongue, and just slumps back. Just an hour, he thinks to himself. He can control himself for just an hour, right?
There’s a small movement in the corner of his eye which Steve realizes is Tony’s hand, twitching for purchase. He smiles at Tony, nods, and then there’s hands on his body, fingers crumpling his suit.
. Tony was surprised that Steve hadn’t been pawing at Brock with how handsy he’d been becoming with Tony. Hell, Tony didn’t even think that Steve himself realized just how much he’d been clinging to Tony throughout their journey through the studio, naked thick body pressed tight, almost afraid to be let go.
Tony almost flinches. “What? No, I’m not going to SHIELD.”
“They’re lucky to have each other.” Steve finds himself saying. Back when- Before the serum, he had hoped that somehow, some Alpha would look at him, really see him, and think that he was alright. It was a hazy dream, fed by the idle thoughts when the fever blurred his eyes and shook his brain. A silent prayer that someday, there was an Alpha kind enough to look past his physical weaknesses. With each passing year, his hopes had dwindled.
“But they won’t know yours, you won’t gain power from my fame.”
At this point, Clint interjects, clearly thinking he’s been here longer than he should be.
“But that was almost a year ago.” He mutters, still marvelling that the (
Steve awakes to an empty bed and warm sheets, still smelling of Tony but he doubts anything less than burning the sheets would get rid of their scents now, and he finds some animalistic pleasure in that, marking this place as his. He can feel his Heat deep in belly, gathering for another wave but not quite there yet, simmering just below the surface.
“Then this must be important.”
“Promise me.” Stevos repeats sternly. “Promise me that you will not give up your fight.”
Blissfully hot and steamy, he sinks right into the tub, groaning in delight as the burn quickly turns into a warmth that envelops his entire body. The tub, of course, like everything that Tony owns, is huge, big enough to hold four other people with plenty of room to spare. There were even setting that would shoot jets of water around.
“He’s not- you know. Not as bad as people make him out to be.” Steve grumbles, the ridiculous blush doesn’t go away, even while he knows he’s side-stepped a question. “He’s very nice to me.”
“It was nothing, he said a few things and I lost my temper. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to punch him.” Steve mutters.
.” Stevos replies sharply, but already appears to be giving up. “To seek Death is not bravery. You might escape it today but Death looms on the horizon of every fool who thinks they can defy him.”
It’s too much. Tony’s hand turns rough on his cock, wringing out pleasure until he spits out pre-cum, dribbling from his slit. He feels so empty, yet he knows he’s on the edge of coming, chasing at the pleasure that’s just out of reach, eyes squeezed shut as he moans obscenely.
Maybe it’s a little bit of instinct, or his own perversion. When Tony growls, a sure sign of his release, Steve opens his mouth. Tony comes all over his face, drips down his chin, follow the lines of his neck and gathers by his collarbones. Flecks land on his tongue, and he doesn’t even realizes that he licks his lips before he swallows what he gets. It’s a burst of bittersweetness, the taste of Tony still on his tongue, and it’s with morbid fascination when he watches Tony’s knot swell to full size, twitching right in front of him.
There’s a silence, where Steve assumes JARVIS relays the message.
He’d stopped bleeding, but the dried blood irritated the healing scar, pushing and pulling against the scab. Steve itched to wash off, all the dirt, grime and sweat made him feel sticky and disgusting.
“Jarvis?” He tries, pausing to twist and reach into his bag for his shield.
“You have… A problem with Nat?”
“You are so much more than the serum.”
“Yeah, but does that mean you can’t visit? Like, you’re so vague on whether or not you can come around. How am I suppose to know if you have some god stuff that you need to do? What if
“Mr. Stark would like you to know that he will join you within the hour, and asks if there is anything you might need him to bring.”
And now it felt like it was the right thing to do to simply trust Tony, take his hand and make sure he didn’t have to go through it alone.
He grits his teeth when yet another simulation fails to show him viable replacements for the arc reactor. He’s had JARVIS running them in the background, whatever RAM he can spare that wouldn’t undermine the rest of his computations, but they’ve all come back negative.
“Turn around, Omega.”
He’s reinforced his chest casing, modified it to be as airtight as can be but it’s not enough. The radiation leak is killing him, torturously slowly, and he’s running out of options.
Clint gives him a look, one that pulls his brows together in thought, lips forced into a neutral line, his body lax where he lays. But. But his eyes say it all, usually cocky full blue eyes are dim, even dimmer than they had been that night. Where that moment had been filled with shame and anger, this one is filled with depressing acceptance, of hollow defeat and estranged emotions.
“Of course, Director Fury has made him infinitely available to you.”
did that asshole say? And don’t tell me he’s not an asshole, because he is.”
The Alpha keens, entire body shuddering as he presses in one last time, dick pulsing and splashing cum inside Steve, his knot ensuring that that semen would stay inside the Omega’s body. Even so, the Alpha continues to thrust, pressing in deep and hard until Steve feels another gush of liquid inside him, the knot is bigger than before, stretching him out as the final aftershocks take hold.
He’d read that the practice had died out, because Alphas started to protest that, if Omegas were vying for their equal rights, then why did Alphas have to play along with the stereotype of provider and present the token at all.
For a moment, they move with want, not need.
As always, thank you for the comments, kudos and support. I love reading your comments, especially when added with insight for the story. The only reason I don't reply to them is because I don't know what to reply with but I appreciate them all.
Tony shakes his head. "Nothing too bad, right? Just your average run of the mill super villain out for revenge."
He enters the house, bag in hand, to be met with a Tony Stark in a suit, just like before, looking impecabble but worn.
“Ya think?”
It was universally agreed on that only an Omega could calm down Alphas in Fight. And that was before there were such things as
It’s tricky, very touch and go, as Yinsen boots up the temporary OS into the suit, and helps Tony get in, straps down the metal to his arms and buckles his legs in.
He’s picked last, not surprising at all. But he distinctively remembers seeing only one Alpha looking at him and deeming him proper before he gets up to the room.
“Hands on the arm rest.” Tony snarls, glaring at Stevos’s hands, ones that have been rubbing at his chest, torturing his own nipples with soft touches.
“Can you help me?” Tony asks, ignoring the way his dick suggests that it needs some help too.
He’d already had some help with the technology of the twenty-first century, mostly with cellphones and wifi. Some poor low-ranking S.H.I.E.L.D. agent spent the better part of his hour explaining to Steve about how he could 'connect’ to the internet, and assess a database of information to read for his perusal.
He smells of warmth and sunshine, some earthy smell that he can’t name, only that he knew it meant safety and care. It feels strangely intimate, despite barely knowing the man, to know this much about him without saying a word. His body sags where he sits, and it feels very much like, if he were not sitting in the first place, he’d be on leaning on Tony for support.
There’s a soft
The document flashes up on the screen, all one hundred twenty three pages of it unfurled into a large wall text.
##########
“Hate to see good food go to waste.”
It's not Malibu or New York, Steve realizes when he peers out the window of the plane. No bustling streets, no buildings. It's all sprawling meadows and mountain ranges, the thin line of dirt road near indistinguishable, looking straight out of a postcard.
##########
Tony does as he’s told, shuffles his legs wider to allow the god more space to move. With a thrust, Stevos is all the way in, his hole stretched impossibly wide to accommodate his girth.
“By taking a roadtrip with Legolas?”
Clint is right next to him, touches him on his arm, shoulder, skin, tiny moments of inquiry, a language Omegas know by instinct. And Natasha too, a solid presence in the room, not as close as Clint was but just enough to make Steve feel safe, none at all commandeering, as if saying
Tony only takes a slight peek. “Ahh, right. That. I don’t like being handed things.” He says flippantly, and then gestures at Steve instead.
“I’m not a tool for you to use, to piss off some other Alphas or grab someone else’s attention.” It shouldn’t turn Steve on so much.
A sigh, but the door closes behind Tony.
that Clint is remembering
someone, the sure crunch of bone underneath his boots.
She takes him to places nearby, a cafe, a mall, a park, anywhere with people and then they start
He pulls off with a slurp, kisses the base of Tony with more teeth than necessary, nips just by the flaring knot and down his balls, twirls his tongue in mock play.
Tony snorts but nods in approval.
Spidery black veins, similar to the ones Tony sports himself, crawls from Stevos’s heart. Long thin lines that are gaunt against his thin chest. There’s no arc reactor, but that only magnifies the problem. On the center of his chest is scarring and dark tissue, like it’s been scratched out and put back together by a blind man, puckered skin and scars that stretch across his chest. Almost like the edges of his arc reactor.
Pepper sighs, and Steve busies himself with making breakfast instead of getting into the thick of things, pouring out pre-mixed pancake batter into the pan.
“My sweet brave mortal.” Stevos whispers to his skin, breath hot over Tony’s nipple. “As your reward, tonight, I shall worship your body.”
He knew he liked Clint for a reason. Even if he did swear a lot.
"Feeling any better?" Steve prods after a silence.
“No, it’s not exactly that. My psychiatrist, she asked if I wanted to have sexual relations with Natasha. Is that… Am I supposed to?”
“No, no-” Fingers are thrusted into his mouth, salty from sweat and slick, muffling his noises.
“It really was nothing. He said some very mean things about you and I didn’t appreciate them.” He grumbles, the memory of Hammer’s words still sending a irritant flash in his mind.
The lady, at least, has the manners to realize her mistake. “Oh, I’m sorry. I just assumed. We get a lot of couples who decide to adopt a pet together, it was totally my mistake.”
“Cocoa. Chocolate. With milk and marshmallows. Steve, keep up.” Tony sighs in mock exasperation, smiling anyway. “Has no one given you Swiss Miss yet? Good. It’s terrible anyway. I’ve got something much better. Come on.”
So instead, he does what he can for the moment, and presses his entire body to Tony’s. Tony makes room for him, like he always does, and they cuddle in silence, broken only by Steve with two words.
“Have you been here long?”
“Dummy can go stuff himself in his charging bay if he treads on my toes one more time.” Tony sneers, throwing himself back onto the couch.
Steve’s not sure if he’s upset or happy with it.
Steve’s leaving tomorrow anyway. And with a few upgrades to his phone and checking out the bike, Tony insists on giving the shield a once over before he leaves. Which Steve thinks is just a ploy, since Tony’s been asking for it since day one.
. Its. Its. It’s
Steve blinks when he notices what’s on the table and then promptly turns red.
Steve hisses, groans and then bats an arm at the Alpha. “Stop. Get off me.”
“The green thing with wires sticking out of it.”
“You’re not happy to see me.”
“Next time. It’s fine. Nothing bad happened.” Tony waves off, already closing the distance between them.
Steve sighed, placing a hand just below the arc reactor, feeling the man’s heartbeat again the soft
“Not about that, y’shouldn’t hafta do something like that for us.” Bucky just shakes his head, slumps onto a wooden stool that they usually use for painting. “Cus you’re worth more than that, Steve. It’s ain’t a decent living. And it’s dangerous.”
It’s an excuse though, to abuse and hurt, and Steve knows it.
When Tony’s knot deflates, Steve moans at the spill of slick and cum from his ass. Without the knot to plug him, it trickles out, running out to soak the bed, a dirty combination of their mess.
“I don’t think we’ve been introduced. Hammer. Justin Hammer.” He holds out a hand, which Steve shakes. “Ooh, good grip.”
##########
A short recap on my absence. I had a shitty breakup and I've been feeling down because of it but I'm getting my life together again. New job, new schedule, stopping impulse buying, setting aside more time to write. Yep, my new years resolution.
“Am not little.” Is all Steve deems worthy to reply too, chuckling as Tony falls back to bed next to him.
Now there was a new bud of arousal, slow-formed at the idea that Tony wanted him in return. The way those clever fingers touched his body, skating through his nipples and onto his cock. The way Tony had tugged at his erection and that had placed him dangerously close, to the point of moaning. That half-formed smile when Steve does come, Steve too dizzy to fully understand what that smile had meant.
“And do I make you feel safe?”
“No. It’s alright.” Steve quickly interjects, feeling foolish for being treated like a child who was lost. A small voice tell him that that was what he had become, ever since waking up but he hushes that with a practiced smile.
Fury doesn’t look at all convinced, but shoos him away with papers and a date.
“Adam.” Steve answers.
Carefully, he takes Tony into his arms, a gentle pull towards his body as he nestles himself within Tony’s space, takes the simmer of scent beneath Tony’s skins and enfolds himself in it. Touch is a language Omega’s instinctively know. A tap, a brush, a sweep, it could be as simple as that, and yet could mean something more than words could ever tell.
“Making you uncomfortable makes me feel better.” But Clint settles down anyway, an annoyed huff. “I won’t judge. Sometimes we get horny, it’s fine now Steve. It’s acceptable. We aren’t sexual deviants if we like a knot outta heat anymore.”
The doors open to him once he’s within distance, the lab is messier than he remembers. Unpolished Ironman units littered the lab, either halfway done or kept in their chrome states.
It earns him a hard slap on the face from Ed when he notices. “What a proud Omega. You were made for a knot, and you will accept it when it is given.”
Tony comes with the thought of Stevos fucking him right then and there, vision whiting out by the intensity of his orgasm. It’s not like he hasn’t thought about it before, but now there’s a real chance of it happening and he just blew his load from it.
he starts crying, sobbing all over his new driver’s licence.
The pair look at him.
“Perimeter secure, sir.” Brock grunts. “Except ‘ol Richards down on the third has been cooking again, best to avoid the fumes coming from his floor.”
. Like all the others, he’s naked from head to toe, not an inch of cloth to hide his form, and, Tony thinks, for good reason. He, because the Omega is a
“Can you make visits, at least?”
“Wonder why you’re so stubborn.” Bucky mutters, but Steve laughs, hollow and light.
"Almost dying again has- I've realized how much I've fucked everyone around me. You were right, I'm just someone playing soldier without actually following anyone's rules."
“I know. And that stunt you pulled proved me wrong. Always gotta do things big. Huh, Tony?”
There’s a frazzle in the air, like an annoying buzz. “Okay Tony, if you say so.”
Water gets everywhere, enters his lungs, breaking past skin and clings to his bones. With each breath he takes the pain spikes, piercing his throat even as he remains unmoving. It feels like a moment, it feels like an
“Oh I couldn’t possibly. It’s a swell phone, tons better than my other one.”
Clint only seems to frown further. “Again, not saying it’s good. But imagine this, alright? An Omega is uneducated, has no job experience cus no one’s gonna hire ‘em over a Beta or Alpha. Course, that only means that Omega can only apply for an Omega job, and even then, those are limited enough and some are filled by Betas too. What’s the play?”
out all you want.”
Steve stares at him, suddenly feeling upset.
“Sure will.”
It’s a tense minute, waiting for his machines to remove the rest of the armor, before they basically magnetize back together, Stevos seems much more desperate than before, a new bite to his kiss, an aggressive tongue between his lips. His fingers are near claws with how to grip onto Tony, digging into his flesh where he holds him, yet doesn’t draw blood even if it feels like the desperation ought to.
Tony breathes, catching his breath as his chest clenches in pain, glaring at Stevos for an answer. A part of his brain tells him that this is incredibly dangerous, reminds him of the ways Stevos could actually kill him without even trying. Shouting at a god was stupid in hindsight.
“Wonderful to meet you again, Captain Rogers.”
She shakes her head, he can almost sense the tightly-controlled anger. “Compromised.” She answers.
“Sort of.” Tony shrugs, shifting his attention to Dummy now that his work is finished. “See, the satisfying this about rubberducks is that they’re quite tough. They can take a beating, or, the frustrations of a recluse coder who has to take his frustrations out on
“Jarvis is pretty swell.”
“Anthony-”
Steve can sympathize, he knows what it’s like to lose a friend. “We’ll find them, Clint’s too stubborn to die.”
“Did Colonel Rhodes know it was you?”
“My Dad always wanted me to be high-level.” Tony abruptly says, which brings Steve attention back to his voice, though he doesn’t withdraw from Tony’s skin, only turns his head to look at him, cheek firmly pressed to Tony’s arm.
There’s no affirmation, but Tony lets Steve take him by the hand through the halls, eyes focused solely on Steve as Jarvis guides them.
“But I didn’t.” He replies, tries to smile but gulps it down at Stevos’s stern gaze.
“And then the ice just… Was everywhere at once.” God, in the nightmares the ice was almost always instant, frost creeping all the way to his heart. As soon as he tried to catch his breath there would be jolt of pain to his chest, pierced worse than shrapnel, cold and unyielding. Every part of his body would feel frozen under its grasp, struggling didn’t matter, and any attempt was met with a sharp reminder of agony.
“What happened to Tony? Is he okay?” He asks immediately, shuffling his feet away from his and Clint’s room.
He’s not sure if he’s worth the effort, as battered as he is, but Stevos holds him throughout the night, gives him water and washes them both down. They stay by the couch with the television turned to something light, Tony feels exhausted but he knows he won’t be able to sleep. Stevos doesn’t complain, he never does, just stays by his side, comments politely at the show they’re watching, and holds Tony securely.
The Omega only stiffens, distrusting eyes flitting over him.
“These used to be fluffy.” It’s a near grumble.
Tony groans. “Over an asshole Low-level like Hammer, normally I’ve got more poise than tah. Don’t ever remind me. We shall never speak of this again. Forbidden territory,
It doesn’t work quite as well without makeup and a bit of paint on his lips, but he can smell the immediate reaction. Aroused Alpha, Tony’s scent suddenly stronger by two-fold, spiced and deep. It excites him, his senses tingling with this new found power, watches Tony’s eyes go a hint darker.
Steve has to wonder which one of them is more nervous. “And what would be the signal?” He asks in mock whisper, leaning towards Tony as they register their names for the night.
“Hmm?”
“What do you want from me, Tony?” He hadn’t meant it to sound so forceful but it did. “You call me out here for almost nothing. And when I tried to return the phone you became defensive. Getting jealous of another Alpha when you have no reason to be.” He pauses, hoping that Tony would interrupt at some point but the man stays silent.
, my fucking jaw, holy fuck did I lose a tooth?! Fuck, fuck, fuck, it hurts.” Justin wails, which sets about a commotion.
“It was real nice to meet you, Happy.” Surprised by the genuinity of it, despite only knowing the driver for less than a day.
Tony snorts, even that seems to cause him pain. “Yep, of course. My name in papers, big flashing light? It’s what I live for. Ironman saved the day agai- ow.” Tony flinches as he tries to push himself up, only to have Steve press him down before he starts bleeding again.
Stevos shrugs. “This is what your mind envisions me with.” When Tony gives him a blank look he continues. “You envisioned your savior as a man in a tactical suit, I would go for to venture you wish I were military, something comforting that you would feel safe with. And thus my appearance shifted with your thinking. As I said, we gods draw our power from mortal beliefs, as such, we shapeshift to accommodate them as well.”
It’s only a moment’s hesitation before Stevos phases into the tinier form. The veins are back, and so are the bruises, but Stevos looks no less guarded in this form than the other, jaw clenched shut.
back in his day.
“You do not!” He can hear the scathing tones from the god, even while he swerves and ducks to avoid most of the gunfire, the rest scrapping off the Iron Man suit. “You do
“That’s it, sweetheart. You always react so good for me.” Tony growls, pulling away.
“I was falling.” Gasp. “Couldn’t.” Gasp. “Too late.” Gasps. “Darkness.” Tony sputters in between breaths.
Stevos looks affronted. “You are
Tony takes him out of the room immediately, uncaring of the Heat-scent that still wafts around Steve. It’s another spit in the face of The Gallery, he hopes, and it’s nice to see Steve blush when heads are turned as they pass, even if it’s just from Betas.
“I didn’t mean to make your job harder Black Widow, but I’m a quick study and-” He wants to say that he’ll do his best but she cuts him off with an intrigued smile.
With careful movements, he adjusts himself, inquisitive when it comes to a hand on Tony’s arm, sliding into Tony’s arms until skin touches skin and Steve’s head is tucked underneath Tony’s chin. Tony’s been frozen on Steve’s first contact, stiff as Steve presses himself into the alpha's space.
Steve shrugs, frown set.
Tony supplies him with silence, eyes turning guarded with the question. Steve has to wonder what it is that had caused Tony’s feral state in the first place.
“No, I understand. Contract. Nothing more, right?”
There’s a hitch of breath and Stevos does just that, spread his legs impossibly wide on the couch, cock standing proud while Tony’s fingers work their way in just under his balls. It’s a bad angle, Tony can’t get his fingers as deep as he wants but he can see Stevos’s wanton expression and that’s what counts.
“Want some company?”
“It’s nothing, Cap. Just being a team player.” Steve winces at the bitterness Tony doesn’t try to hide. “Anyway, I’ve got a meeting at with my manufacturers later-ish.” Tony makes a movement towards the door.
Michael pops open the back, exposing the battery and circuits, looking for that little-
It’s like a dance, one move into the next, not a motion wasted. With every step there is power, every swing of his shield there is precision, like a fine machine that only has one purpose. The men don’t stand a chance.
of food now), he’d mentally ready himself for his psychiatrist.
So yeah. I'm not dead yet. Mostly in a slump but I'm getting better mostly. A bit of rough going for this chapter, stretched out too long and I can't stand the number of revisions I've done it it so I think it's best I can do for now.
The curator, now with an apt audience, smiles, and motions to a newly revealed box onstage, covered in thick satin-like the other boxes had been. “Our last auction piece comes from New York. A
“You said you need to do something?”
The flashes are familiar, the vague shapes of cameras pushed from every direction into their faces, yells of questions and statements coming from this way and that. Steve tries to smile, but he doesn’t exactly know where to look.
Omegas were more likely to provide healthy children than Betas, their systems much better suited for carrying children to full term. Which was why Alphas would have an Omega if they could, to ensure a healthy and strong pups to carry on their lineage. The Heat in itself wasn’t meant to get the Omega pregnant, in fact, Omegas were least likely to get pregnant during Heats because of the amount of stress their own bodies would be causing them. Instead, a Heat was a way to find the strongest Alpha possible. The one who would fight and protect them. The one who deserved them the most.
“Are your estimates ever wrong?”
After a pause. “Sir asks to make your way to the basement lab, with a reminder to bring your shield.”
“Then let’s get this Scenting over with.”
Steve blushes and shakes his head. “We’re just friends.” He decides to say, because that was a bit strange, if not forward. The openness of the question caught him off-guard.
“Yep, no one was happy about that either, Omegas were the best baby makers around.” Tony nods, like consoling a child. “The three tiers basically mean potency, how much hormones and pheromones are being produced by their bodies.”
Tony motions over to one side of the lab, bringing along the bottle with him, maneuvering past the new Ironman units and into a noticeably darker and tidier portion of the lab.
“But I am.” Seventy years. A constant reminder. A constant ache.
He wants it to last forever, keep Stevos close for as long as he can, but his legs are starting to strain in this position, and his cock an angry red that demands attention.
“My private jet is at your beck and call, it’s comfier than whatever SHIELD has, and it has a steady internet connection while crossing states.”
##########
“JARVIS?”
to find was a heat-desperate Omega, who’d beg for his cock among other things, and they could spend the next hour knowing each other intimately. He’d never had to
There’s confusion, and then it’s like a thought occurs to him. Stevos brings up his hands, sudden realization and shock before a frantic look at Tony, standing in surprise, pale cheeks flushed with embarrassment.
It’s innocuous enough. Because Steve could ask what had happened, or what Clint was going through, or even what Loki had done to him that shook him so much. He could ask a plethora of things, treat Clint like a soldier and bark at him to shake it off for one.
“You hoped for too much.” Is the gruff response, as if Clint could read his mind. “People are fucked up, and it’s-” Clint shakes his head. “It’s a fucking lottery system, being Omega is like, you’ve got dealt the worst hand in the deck and you hope to hell that the river can give you some luck but you know everyone’s got a better stack than you. Doesn’t matter if you manage to win a few times, they’ll clean you out the first chance they get. Omegas got it way
“That’s right, come on my cock.”
But it never did happen. On inspection of his room on his first day, there was a set of pencils on the desk, a straight line of blue and black, from 7H to 7B, and a stack of sketchbooks, neatly laid out for him. Steve never did quite know how to thank Tony for the gift, because the Alpha had never mentioned it.
##########
“They cleaned me. At the.” Steve squeezes his eyes shut, as if trying to remember. “There. Before.” He drifts off, staring angrily at the tiles.
“I’m not drunk enough for this.”
Steve’s nipples pebble at the cold air, and he squirms from underneath Tony, bucking and thrusting as Tony flicks his wrist to bring Steve off, one hand on Steve’s shoulder to balance himself.
“Oh come on, don’t be like that. I’m your owner now, we’ll get along eventually, so why not start now?”
’ He remembers saying, voice hurt when Bucky only stares at the meal with disappointment, eating nonetheless because they couldn’t afford to waste anything, but he didn’t waste anytime on telling Steve how angry he was with him.
“Stark must love it. Are you two-?” Clint nudges his chest.
Natasha showed him how to set it to the speed he wants, incline of the track, things he never really thought about, and he had to hide his disappointment that now he even has to tell the machine about what he specifically wants, rather than just letting himself go loose and see how far his feet can take him.
It was Obadiah all along.
Steve snorts, but takes a seat, one of many, realizes that they’re all facing towards the window for better viewing for the Alphas. “I suppose. Don’t think it’s much of a job though.”
Instead of answering, Steve moves to his knees, bowing his head. By the hitch in Tony’s breath, Steve knows he did the right thing and he stays as still as he can while Tony loops the chain around his neck, fumbling with the clasp.
“Yes.” Steve doesn’t even stutter.
They pale in comparison to Stevos.
Tony gives him a look of half-fondness and half-exasperation but instead flips it over again, looking at the bright paint.
“Leave your message, you know who I am. I may or may not get back to you.”
I fuck up.” He says harshly, uncaring of who might hear him.
“Tell you what Happy, if you can get me some paper and a pencil, I’ll be right as rain.”
Tony thrusts inside of him, his ass giving way to the huge blunt cock that penetrates him. Steve shudders at the force of it, the rapid pace that Tony keeps up as his thigh slap against his ass. It’s the last day, and they both know it, instincts and pheromones running high as Steve reaches the end of his cycle.
Steve gives him a withering look, eyes sallow through it. “Be reasonable, Buck. We both know that-” He coughs. “I wouldn’t have lasted this long if it weren’t for you. No, just listen.” Steve’s voice pitches as Bucky tries to argue, another bout of cough while Bucky keeps him close to his chest and Steve takes heavy gulps of breath to placate his lungs. “Just listen.” He stares hard at Bucky until he concedes with a shake of his head.
“My level?”
Steve has thought about this conversation for a while. He can’t take anything back, it’s just the way things are, but the bridge isn’t burnt, just unstable.
“It doesn’t matter what they think, not to me.” Tony explains. “And that shouldn’t be your concern. People will say what they have to say, and they’ll quiet down until the next big thing.It’s not all that bad, makes for a good laugh every once in a while.”
“Heya kid, had fun tonight?”
It’s still a bit surreal. There are tubes and wires connected to Tony’s body, attached somewhere underneath the hospital gown, taking measurements and readings, but the screens are elsewhere unseen from the room.
.” Tony says, with a lot of very pointy words and expectant eyes back at Steve.
“He brought this along, once. I used it for stuff. Hold on. Don’t mind the garbage, I’ve been… Remodelling.”
He tries to look up, move his head, but even the slightest movement make the back of his eyes explode into fire, pain that crawls from his eyes and loops around his brain, lands just at the top of his spine that makes him clench with it.
Clint must have sensed his mood and keeps quiet, for that Steve knows that they must have had similiar experience, and that only sours the mood further. It’s a moment of hesitation, breath caught in his throat,
The tiredness feels deserved, like a worthy trade.
Steve blinks. “I sent you a voice message about it. I want to return it. It’s too expensive a gift for me to carry around.”
##########
They move with understanding of one another's bodies, tentative and appreciative. Steve knows to shift back, nudges Tony forward to drive him crazy when he’s buried deep, and Tony knows to press his chin just below Steve neck, lets his beard bristle against the tender spot that sends Steve shuddering.
If he dies, the suit goes with him.
pissed off Ironman.” Tony snarls. Steve can see a memory ghosting through his eyes before his expression turns into dark amusement. “They won’t be harassing anyone for a while.”
There’s a soothing hand in his hair, light touches as compared to the heavy weight on his chest. “Hey, didn’t I say you were safe here?” There’s a demanding tone, a touch of annoyance. “If you think for one moment that SHIELD can do anything to you, then you are seriously wrong Mister. Don’t worry about them, I’ll handle it.”
Rhodey huffs. “Maybe later.” Steve doesn’t have to look at the man to know he’s being given the once over. “I’ll- leave the two of you to be reacquainted.” With that, he takes his leave, closing the door shut behind him.
So Tony has Brock Rumlow as a sort-of roommate, who was his driver/bodyguard/chef depending on the situation, who scoffed at rules, maintained an insane gym regimen, made a killer salmon fillet, and had a perfect, loving, beautiful Omega waiting for him somewhere. Apparently.
“Or you know, they’d retweet it on twitter.” Tony gasps, the god chuckles.
He keeps busy with his pre-determined schedule. He works harder with his
Clint lets out a low laugh, which quickly turns into a scoff.
It’s a Friday night. Thank
It sounded horrible.
And Tony takes advantage of it, slips his cock right back inside and finds his rhythm. In and out, pumping right into Stevos as the slap of skin-on-skin echoes in the room, his hole slick and tight all at the same time.
Which leaves Steve with Pepper.
and the last button inflates the dildo at its base, simulating a knot(wh-what?).
“Nothing that requires that.” There’s almost amusement in AI’s voice. If an AI could be amused, JARVIS has it down pat. “Merely that the meeting had not ended well, and Sir is currently having trouble collecting himself.”
Bucky makes a face. “Never.” An afterthought, quieter. “Not that way. Don’t. Just don’t, Steve.”
during the one week period, and he’d been too unhealthy to try to hold out on his own.
“And… Agent Romanoff too?”
“No, but you were very close, if that was your intention.”
But Tony’s next touch is to bring him back to his feet, lingering touches on his chest and arms, like physical check to see if he was all there. Steve breath catches when Tony runs his fingers along his sides, and then rests them on his collar bone, just above where the necklace frames his neck.
“But. How?” Is all he musters, taking a timid step, looking back at Tony for approval.
As they munch on food, they hit a few museums, sightsee for all it’s worth, listen to sidewalk musicians and walk through parks.
“The only reason I left the keys in was because I didn’t think you were a 'push to start’ kind of guy.”
Steve latches onto that memory, the way Tony’s mouth swallowed him, the sight of his cock disappearing into the Alpha’s mouth has him fully hard in an instant. He spreads his legs and fucks into his fist in earnest, all the while imagining Tony take his cock, remembering that delicious warm heat and the flick of tongue, vicious sucking that had Steve on the verge of whiting out.
with it. “Hawkeye, you’re an Omega, right?”
“Close.” Steve admits, shifting his body as the urges demand he do so.
“There’s a bed at the back, if you prefer-”
be Captain America, he died over seventy years ago.”
He feels like he should have Clint to thank for the adjustment, but the archer doesn’t mention it so he doesn’t either. Still, it’s a pleasant thought that there’s someone looking out for him.
“-mine, Loki.” Stevos is saying, sounding very much like an end to a discussion.
“Lay down you silly thing, before you lose any more blood.”
“I could say the same thing to you.” Steve says sternly, making a point to squeeze Clint for a hug. He’s done feeling sorry for himself, and he wants to help Clint.
Thanks to everyone who's commented and kudos. This little universe will soon shift gears.
Tony lays on his bed, curled tightly around soft blankets and smooth lines, yet he cannot sleep. He twists and turns, fighting out thoughts and anxiety, until finally he lets out a sob.
Tony hears it. Hears years of being told he’s never good enough, not nearly good enough to be with. Too much, Tony, you’re just too much. Suffocating, really, don’t be so clingy. But he swallows that down, tries not to sound like a spoiled brat when he says, “Okay. Yeah, let’s take a break.”
So. I kinda lied. This is NOT the ending chapter, but instead there will be ONE MORE chapter after this before the series officially ends.
When he takes off his mufflers, he meets Hawkeye’s disapproving stare.
Yet, he can’t help but feel bitter about everything, feeling about as much forced to be here as the Omegas are. Obie points at the ones that interest him, says something jovial and light-hearted. Howard silently views the Omegas, uttering minor compliments to the ones that catch his eyes.
The solution? They super glued the box to the floor. Now, it wouldn’t go anywhere without the proper chemicals, which Natasha insists she has.
“Holy shit, are you naked?!”
Tony is quick to sidle up to Bruce Banner, an Omega by his scent, mid-level if he were to choose, who looks overwhelmed to be onboard, only giving Steve a glance when he enters the room. Natasha takes a seat for herself, and proceeds to sit there like a statue. Thor is loud and demands attention to his questions.
At the end of the day, Steve’s phone is filled with pictures of the different dogs, Clint posing with a few of them in wacky positions, and a few of himself with a couple of puppies too. They both smell like sweat, wet dog and drool.
“A gathering wherein we insult a group or single individual for our entertainment.” Natasha provides, as she throws an unpopped kernel at Clint. “Also, I’ve read your file. You’ve never been anywhere remotely close to a high school.”
“Who me? I’m just a kid from Brooklyn, ain’t nothing devious 'bout me.”
God, Tony. He should never had left the man alone, regardless of another Omega or not. There was still a part of him that could have remained professional, he knew, that even with what messy tangle of emotions he had had, he could have at least been Tony’s friend, been there if the man had wanted him.
Steve would wake up with that sense of dread, that that world was gone now, and all that was left were his memories of them.
Tony thumbs the gold necklace, something akin to an appreciative hum. Which in turn causes Steve to huddle closer, count the heartbeats beneath the insistent
Steve goes on. “I froze on the spot, never really been to that many fancy shindigs before, cos in a back alley I woulda socked the fella right off me, or at least I would have tried to. But I’m in dress uniform, with my guys around me and a ton of people around me just looking. I wasn’t sure what to do.” People didn’t look at him that way, he wants to say, they ignored him, because he was the runt, that piece of Omega ass that was too little to be bothered with. With the attention, he’d become aware of how people’s eyes latched on, expecting, hungry for something from him. Something he hadn’t figured out yet.
“You could have died.” It’s said with such relief that Tony himself relaxes.
“Steve?”
“Maybe. Someday. I don’t know. Not now. You're really out of it, aren't you.” Is what Tony seems to decide upon, shaking his head with every word and throwing his arms to the side. “Don’t get me wrong, you’re my Omega now, I own you.” He says as if to prove a point. “That’s just. Not part of the plan right now. You should really get dressed, where are your clothes?”
.” She sniffs. “We shared Omegas all the time. Why is this one any different?”
“Behind the spices, yes.” Steve answers, plating the rest as he carefully finishes making the sandwiches, and offers them up first to Brock even though he’s starving.
“Are you okay?”
Clint doesn’t make a fuss, motions to Steve’s hands, just half-punches his pillow into order and falls in for the long night. “Just whatever you need to say, Cap, I’m a big boy, I can handle it.” Which is just as reminiscent of that night, his eyes a less miserable than they had been.
“I should probably, you know, talk to Pepper at some point.”
“Clint!” Steve hisses, definitely blushing now. “Is it really appropriate to talk about that right now? Right after the mission?”
##########
Steve suppresses a gasp.
##########
“So, what? You just want me to believe in you? Like Tinkerbell?”
Alphas in Fight weren’t given much leeway, in fact punished more severely if it was a crime of instinct, sometimes with a sentence of life-time imprisonment, or at worst, Death.
“I assume it’s because she loves him.” Brock rolls his eyes. “Other than that. Uneventful. Or would you like me to give you a rundown of the entire three hours you’ve been out with the old man?”
The right to take and mate.
It's hazy through the drugs, prickly and uneven, but he can pick out the summer breeze and sunshine that permeates through all that, still vibrant as ever.
Tony looks at him, dazed. “Huh?”
“Is he doing alright?” Steve gets out of the way, nervousness just kept out of his tone.
“It’s fine, seriously Cap, don’t sweat it.” Tony waves it off, keeps his eyes on him regardless. “Now, what’s got your panties in a bunch? Hammer? What the
“Rubberducks are stand ins, as audiences, as clients, as fellow coders. They’ll look at your with their judging eyes, and stupid smile, pretending to understand everything you say even when they don’t. But they’ll be there for you, night and day, combing through each every line of code right alongside you until you’ve found the error at last.” Tony’s grin widens, the hologram he’s fiddling with turns compact again. Now that Steve can see it, it kind of resembles a watch.
“Very well. Dismissed. And you better cause any incidents or else I’ll have your ass dragged back to base.”
“I did not mean-”
##########
“I’ve tried every possible combination, every element known to mankind.”
Tony chuckles, now trailing his fingers to the cartilages of Steve’s spine, following the path lower. “Funny how that led to the greatest revolution for Pro-Omega rights.”
He doesn’t, he wants this to be long and torturous.
Also, again, I feel like I need to say this just in case some people missed it, but the fic is entirely based on Steve's point of view.
He’s not sure with the dim light, but it looked like Steve’s eyes flash for just a moment. There’s a moment of hesitation, the Omega takes the offered jacket and places it on himself, but the drive doesn’t look any more comfortable to him than it had a moment ago, stiff on the leather seats of Tony’s car for the rest of the ride.
Tony’s frown deepens, and Steve ducks his head for it.
He feels hollow without it, suddenly aware of the need and desperation he has managed to stave of with it. Steve moves in protest, chasing the withdrawing dildo and clenching his ass on the rubber.
Somewhere, in the heat-addled memories, he recalls Tony giving him a bath. Half-dragged into the tub in the first place, he might not have been the most cooperative until the hot water touched his skin. They’d lazed in the water until they pruned, Tony scrubbing him clean with attentive fingers. There was care there, a quiet that Steve hadn’t known was important until he was soaked in it, where the desperation of heat dialled down but his mind was still too far gone to truly comprehend much other than the present.
for the first ten minutes. Something on your mind, Rogers? Or are snipers Captain America’s great weakness?”
Steve guesses that Tony Stark was seen as useful, at least, enough of a use to be included on his list. It might just be the curiosity of it, but he wants to meet the man that was raised by Howard, maybe get some insight on how he’d lived.
“C’mon, we can drink on the balcony.” Tony says with preamble, taking both their cups with him and towards the balcony that overlooked the ocean, atop the cliffside where the mansion precariously hung from. Glass outlined with metal railings to prevent them from failing.
“Okay, don’t fall just yet.”
##########
Steve stubbornly interjects. “But. Bedroom.”
“Will you lose the illusion?”
“Oh it’s nothing.” Tony dismissed, like he’d do it for anyone.
In which case, he spends the extra time back in his room, either continuing where he had left off from before lunch, or starting on a new topic altogether.
Her eyes dart to him, recognition, before flicking back to stare Tony down, who is munching on an apple.
“There. You see? Touch him as you’d like, he is made for your curiosity.” Steve moans softly, unconsciously presses back on those fingers. Then, another finger is added, but he can tell just by the way it feels that it is Ed that had added his own finger.
hadn’t been very optimistic about his chances.
Was he
. Makes me wanna punch Hitler and talk about justice.”
“Oh.” Tony grins sheepishly at him. “I mean. Your heat and all. I thought you might have found someone else to help you with it.” The grudging tone goes noticed.
"Is it okay if I come in?" He asks, trying to be as gentle as he can be.
“You-” Tony doesn’t know how to explain, instead points at Stevos.
“A tour, perhaps?”
“You don’t know? I thought you knew everything.” Tony smirks.
He wants to ruin him, so bad.
Wasting no time as skin is finally bared for him, Steve pounces on him and trails kisses on Tony’s chest, tracing his tongue to every contour he comes across.
“Quit it, ya punk. I’m trying to repay you for all these years for fucks sake.” Steve drolls, tongue heavy from fever but he pushes forward anyway. “Money’s under the bed, wrapped up neat. It’ll get ya food for a month at least if you spend it right. Enough for you to find a better job than the docks.”
punched me in the face! Keep that crazy bitch from me!” Justin screams, even while Steve slowly backs away. He can feel everyone’s eyes on him, quiet murmurs about what had happened.
“A man by the name of Professor Erksine. He was a doctor of medicine, but had recently taken to teaching at Cornell.” How strange, Tony was enrolled at Cornell as well, and vaguely wondered if he’d ever met the professor. “Rest assured, Mr. Stark. We’ve confirmed that he’s a virgin.”
“Five to seven?” She repeats, looks at him like she doesn’t believe him. “That’s irregularly long. Have you been talk to a doctor about this?”
“Should I be worried?” He asks, a playful lilt to his voice as he arches a brow at Steve.
Steve grits his teeth. He can smell the blood on the man, bleeding somewhere in that suit of armor, yet demands for a quick snack and pretends to be fine.
It’s quiet exploration, lacking of the desperation that came with Heat induced sex. Every curve, every muscle, mapped out by inquisitive fingers.
And that was fine. He had Peggy after a while, which was worth it, to have someone who finally looked past his body and understand his soul. And she was good, and strong, and special. She was-
By the end of it, Tony finally puts all his tools down and stands back, crossing his arms as if to criticize his own work.
But he does reach the mating blocks, grateful for the meager heating in the lobby as he walks right up to the counter. Cos it’s no different looking than an inn, except he knows better.
Promptly, Black Widow raises her hand.
Steve might have gone into a panic and asked Clint about protocol for attending an event. So far he has been both helpful and distracting.
see them together, to which Steve is eternally embarrassed for.
“Of course, Captain.” He clears his throat. “
The mutters stop.
“If I believe them, how the fuck do I punish myself.”
For a split second, his mind goes to the knife wedged between his mattress and headboard, his muscles go tight with anticipation, battling against the nonexistent cold. Steve blinks dry eyes rapidly, the blurry figure next to his bed turns to sharp focus in the dark.
The situation is bleak. Even with the suit on, there are too many men, too many guards to fight. The sun is blinding to him, after months of having nothing but a lamp to light the dark, it almost feels like punishment.
, didn't you?"
“Then you don’t need the extra time.”
They’re ushered into another room, this one larger and more posh, with lush seats and dim lights like a theatre. The rules are set. Bidding starts when the curator says so, each Omega’s floor price is different, and so are increments. To bid, all they had to do was raise their numbered paddles to indicate their bid. As Alphas, they were obligated to commit to their bids, and pay the amount at the end of the auction. Until then, there was wine, cheese, and fruit for everyone.
Hot water.
“Not bad, we’ll make a spy of you yet.”
The Legendary Captain America.
“Do not judge him so harshly.” Stevos says softly, an understanding smile at Tony’s direction. “My father was a prideful man. To raise a child alone was no easy task, but he asked no one for help. He provided me with a roof over my head, hot food, and warm clothes. I cannot agree with every decision he made, but I cannot fault him for his feelings towards his weakling of a son. He loved me in his own way.”
“Don’t know. The guy with the eye patch said it would help, and that Dad was more than he appeared.”
Steve catches Clint petting a very old looking Golden Retriever, making faces at the dog as he scratched him behind the ears, a young lady standing over him.
Stevos is timid in his venture, or perhaps polite, but he keeps his hands on Tony’s hips as they kiss. He presses his tongue to swipe at Tony lips, seeking entrance which Tony grants, groaning as that tongue ravages his mouth.
“Noted.”
. “What they did with those kids was wrong. You don’t just
“I only asked why you made Dummy, since you’re always saying such mean things to him. I don’t understand why you keep him, that’s all.” Steve looks at the little claw-armed bot, who was politely clicking his (Did robots have genders?) claw at him.
Tony nods, unaware of Steve’s thoughts, turns into a shrug. “Yeah well, like Brock said I’ve got things to do now, advancement of technology things. So that. Will be later. In the meantime, make yourself at home.” Tony waves his arms. “You’ve already made yourself comfortable around the kitchen.”
He had been a stubborn one, earned him a whack on the head whenever he spoke out. His mom was an Omega, and his father had died fighting in the war, by all accounts, according to their instructor, his mom shouldn’t have made it past five years without an Alpha or Beta husband to protect her.
“I met this guy, Michael, he said that-”
“Okay then, how does one become a god?” Tony diverts.
It’s for that very reason that he wants to tear Stevos apart, make him feel the pain and frustration that he feels. Make him hurt.
There’s a rumble next to him, a hand dipping towards his neck, soft, almost fluttering as it yanks him away from his thoughts nonetheless. “Steve? You still with me?” A firm press to his neck, Steve stifles a groan as his eyes flutter in response, a pleasing shiver running through his spine.
Obviously that’s changed, which Steve is grateful for. He’d been called intimidating by an Alpha more than once after the serum, especially after heats. Which meant, in kinder and fewer words, that they weren’t interested in him.
“They made you out to be a real hero for Omegas, Steve, didn’t anyone tell you?” Tony looks surprised, a hint of annoyance in his brow. “For a group that deals with intelligence, SHIELD is clearly lacking. Anyway, your death spurred millions into rethinking the Omega archetype.” Tony waves his hand enthusiastically, motioning in circles. “For so long, Omegas were seen as these frail things that had to be protected and cared for, bearers for the next generation, blah blah, but overall didn’t have much impact for the country or economy.”
He missed this, when he’d moved back to S.H.I.E.L.D. and went back to using regular shower installation. To say he'd been a bit disappointed was an understatement. Perhaps in the first few days back at SHIELD, he’d quietly wished to be in Malibu again, surrounded by plush things and provided comfort. Admitting does little to ease the guilt, he’d gotten used to the comforts of Tony’s home much too quickly during his first stay.
He swallows and his gaze fall to the floor, trying so hard not to cry that it make his body shiver.
“Golly Tony, I’d eat anything. I guess nothing too expensive on the account of my-”
Tony rubs an arm over his bicep. “Wherever it is you go when you start to think about bad things.” He dismisses it before Steve can ask further. “Whatever. Was it that thing with Hammer again? Because say the word and I can have my lawyers put his ass back in jail where it belongs.”
Is anyone else missing the smut yet? Because I am.
“Very well, sir. I take it that I shall be tracking the Mark 7's user protocols?”
##########
“It is a long story.”
“Yes.” There is resignation in the god’s voice, shame even. “I could not tell you any more than I had. This was your trial to face, I could not intervene even if I wished it.”
“Tony…”
That was just incredibly unhelpful. Steve thought, an inkling that JARVIS was enjoying this back and forth a little too much. “Err, well. It’s about a couple of hours to dinner time. Does Tony have any food restrictions?”
“Oh, William, how's your new manufacturing plant in China? Planning to boost your points by fourth quarter, huh?”
Steve shakes his head, frowning at the subject.
For the next couple of days he buries himself in his drawings, unable to throw off the jitters that came with the hormones. His Heat is coming up in bursts, and he finds himself eating all the time, hungrier than usual.
“Jasper.” Tony sighs, voice aggravated. “I just paid a
Clint lets go of a breath and looks relieved, even manages to look happy despite the tiredness in his frame.
that answers that question.” Tony’s head lolls back, body practically climbing the couch as Steve does as suggested, taking Tony’s cock as deep as it will go, pressed to the back of his throat, his lips just touching the swell of Tony’s knot at his base.
“May I?” He motions with his head, indicating towards his scent glands, located on either sides of his neck.
“Yikes.” Tony laughs, the sound melodic and carefree to Steve’s ears. He smiles and feels his chest warm, the fingers on his scalp sending him to another heaven.
. You don’t know- I’ve been so worried about- And then.”
to Alphas, meant to get fucked and pump out baby after baby for their entire lives like livestock on a farm.”
Steve doesn’t know why James hates him so much, just that he does and he likes to make Steve’s life hell. Any attempt to try to talk to the older boy is met with a blatant remark of how he must be a dumb kid, along with a bunch of insults to get him mad. He’d tried to apologize, if he insulted James somehow, or did something wrong to him, but he still gets shoved around.
Which made his 'awakening’ all the more suspicious. Fury would have known he’d gone to that baseball game. The dates themselves didn’t match up. Nor did the nurse in his room. Her clothes had been non-standard, his mother had been a nurse after all and he knew every speck of her uniform from top to bottom, his senses had blared in alarm at the wrongness of it.
“Is that your best effort?”
“I was just listening to suggestions.” Tony corrects, another kiss, this time deeper, knowing, builds and builds until they break away panting. “Go take a shower before you blame me some more. I’ll be here. And brush your teeth, your mouth tastes like dick!”
like him.”
The Beta pauses, halfway through following Cara, nodding to them both. “It was nice to see you again, Tony. Cara has been looking forward to seeing you tonight, despite how she might act, I’ll set something up with your secretary, at the soonest possible convenience.” He adds formally, a lot more soft-spoken than Steve would have guessed a man of his size to be. “And I hope to see you again as well, Steve.”
Ed nods, and leaves him. The click of the door almost a sound of finality for the night, back to the way things were.
“Why is
“Don’t give me that.” He says, shuffling through the back seat and placing a coat on Steve’s lap. “Here. Put this on. We’re going to be spending a lot of time with each other, the least you could do is act friendly for the price I paid.”
“I couldn’t possibly know that. The Howard I knew wouldn’t have been the same as your father. He would have been a horrible father.”
Because a question of 'on a scale of one to ten, how much did he want to be fucked by Natasha’ was not normal, no matter what anyone said. He spluttered his way into an answer, about how she hadn’t shown any interest, but she hadn't looked entirely convinced. Now he was even more confused about secondary gender etiquette.
His body is maneuvered and then there’s a cock shoved in his face so he takes it into his mouth, lathering it with saliva and tongue, swallowing as much as he can as he listens into the delightful sounds his Alpha is making. There’s a hand on his head that pets him, massaging his scalp as he sucks dutifully.
##########
if you want to catch the General for-”
, before the water stops, its deafening slosh quieting down.
“I had a friend. Bucharus. He was also a demi-god, a son of Hermes, the messenger god, though he is also sometimes known as the god of thieves.”
He freezes and turns. The Other Alpha, Brock, from last night standing there, eyeing him intensely. He hunches his shoulders, defensive, even while he scrapes off the last of the omelette from the pan and lays them out on the bread.
Steve’s not sure on what to say to that, so he goes for the obvious. “I like you too.”
“I thought-” Steve starts, eyes going wide.
“Oh no, you don’t.” Bucky snaps, gray eyes lighting up. “You don’t get to do that to me.”
“Miss.” Hawkeye says as Steve takes his eye off the scope of the sniper rifle, squints and then takes aim again.
“That, we can agree on.”
"Excuse me?"
It had worked, better than he had hoped, because the two were now so curious about this
He loses himself to the pleasure, panting as his senses both dull and heighten at the same time.
“Maybe showing off his boxing trophies were too much.”
Suddenly, he gets a lap full of Tony, straddling him, pushing him against the chair, hands firmly on his shoulders as he catches Tony’s expression. There’s a twist there somewhere, like a kept secret, a crooked smile, relief, an almost tortured grimace, and several other emotions he’s too afraid to read too much into.
Comment below about your opinion of the matter, and I'll take it to consideration.
“Nah. Thought you were deaf, maybe had to hear it from the other ear for the words to make sense.”
“It’s what I do. Adapt.” And wasn’t that the bitter truth of it all.
Eventually it does move along, Ed leading Andrew throughout the experience. Slowly taking away Steve’s clothes one at a time, reveals skin and carefully touches him, like they really are afraid he’d break. Steve utters nothing, chided already for speaking, except the occasional groan when their hands feel good over his body, warm against the cold of the room. Clothes divested, Ed moves him to a kneeling position, makes him face them with his legs folded under him.
Steve takes the drawing in hand and faces the direction indicated. Not even five seconds later, there’s a
Steve manages to stave off the flush from his face. He hadn’t realized his fingers had been twisted into his sheets like fists, poised and upset on his lap. “I thought things would have changed for the better. When I came out of the ice, they told me we’d won the war.” Which had sounded strange to him at the time, to simply awaken be told what he wanted to hear. “But they didn’t tell me what we lost since then. I thought that these things wouldn’t happen anymore.”
Was that what Tony had been hoping for? Two Omegas by his side? He could certainly support them both, as was so bitterly thrown earlier.
##########
Steve crosses the short distance, carefully dodging the wiring and wraps his arms by Tony's shoulders.
The flight had been over before he knew it, and he’d tucked the sketchbook under his arm, determined not to lose it.
Steve twists to look at an awakening Tony. Hair sticking all over the place, he looks like a disgruntled hedgehog huddled under the blanket.
The blonde smiles, looking kinder than he did a moment ago.
“Tony. I can’t accept this.”
. They got him all wrong in the books, made him sound like a lost puppy licking at my heels, when it was the damn opposite of it. Bucky was smart, real smart. Interested in science and how the world was changing. Nevermind when we were kids, we were both dumb and stubborn. Out in the field, didn’t know the first thing about being a Captain. Buck was a Sergeant for longer than I was enlisted, he had the respect of all of em cos they knew what he’d been through, he knew how to handle the men and give orders.” He gasps. “Me. I. I. I-”
Jasper leads him to another door, and stops right before it. “Your Omega is in this room. I feel like I should inform you of that first.”
He has no problem with Alphas, mostly, so long as they weren’t bullies.
“Oh.” Steve isn’t entirely sure how to deal with that information. It makes him a little bit sadder. Had Tony simply not wanted to talk to him? “Is he alright now?”
“Stark! You’re fucking
The man isn’t immaculate as he was in the picture, which bring some comfort to Steve. A hair out of place, clothes slightly crumpled, it somehow humanizes the man he’d seen on Time Magazine (He did a google search).
Tony himself is mesmerized. The Omega is
very seriously. He was almost enjoying it.
They’re silent for a while, Tony processing what has been said but coming to a loop. All the times where he raged and ranted at the god, when he thought that Stevos wasn’t going to help him. His drunken tirades, his inexcusable greed, the anger that boiled deep in his only showed his true colors. Stripped of hope, he had turned into an angry greedy man, to the only being that he could harm.
Okay, that was fine though. He was a genius, he could find something to replace the core, he had time to solve this.
to happen. Omegas as actual
Speaking of which, Andrew neared them, carefully places Steve’s head on his lap and strokes through his sweat-damp hair. Instinct, Steve thinks dully, to coddle the Omega after a bout of sex.
“-pretend like this with me-”
Author note: So rather than bore everyone with excuses as to why this has taken so long. I want to take this space to just thank everyone who’s read and has been reading the fic. Every now and then I still get emails notifs from AO3 that someone has left a kudos or a comment, and honestly it boggles my mind that it’s been almost 2 years and people are still finding the fic somehow. So yeah, thank you. It kept the fic alive in my mind, a small reminder every few days… And now…
“Ahh, damn, I’ve been found out.” Tony says in mock sigh, leaning back on his chair and then taking a sip from his chocolate.
Steve travels lower, digging his feet into the bed as he makes his way down, stopping just where Tony’s cock lay. He grins up mischievously, delighted as he find Tony already hard and leaking for him.
“Ugh. See? Trust me Cap, stick with the keys, they’re more your speed anyway.” Tony bounces off the platform to cradle his bottle.
“Oh, of course.” The Beta says, doesn’t look at all bothered by how Tony had brushed him off. “There’s just the matter of payment and he’s all yours. Of course, I believe that an Alpha of your family won’t find it difficult to balance the finances.”
“But he said it’s suppose to be worth-”
“Oh.” Clint actually sounds surprised, and sits up to stare down at Steve, expression serious. “Does he do kinky things with you? How big is his knot? Is he as good as everyone says he is?”
“It was all about making
It feels like Heat. But wrong. Different. Difficult. His skin itches, his head hurts, and his insides feel like they’re being churned in slow twists.
STRIKE, Steve quickly learns, is more pack-like than anything else.
But enough of my excuses, here's the current chapter, a continuation of Steve's heat.
Buildings collapsing around him, torn through like paper by the armored worm.
“I’ve been told it’s good to let things out.”
There’s surprise in the god’s eyes for a moment, gone when Tony tries to savor it.
He told the Alpha to go, so that he wouldn’t be a hindrance to the Alpha’s work, so that Alpha’s life would be disrupted. He quells the bursts of longing and turns over.
The item is unmistakably a dildo, bright pink and
“I like listening to you talk.” Steve smiles sheepishly. “I like it when you explain things, even when I don’t understand half of it, but it feels easy because it’s you.”
“May I put it on you?”
TS: [
“How long was I out?” Tony says, casting a bleary eye at Steve.
Slowly, he maneuvers himself, hushing Tony when he makes aborted movements to argue. A careful leg over the other, he nestles himself over Tony’s lap. He lets his weight rest on Tony’s thighs, knows that Tony can take it, and places his hands on Tony’s shoulders.
Tony frowns at that. He resents Howard, always had ever since their first disagreements and when Howard would always say he wouldn’t understand anything because he was just a kid. Even when he grew up, following so closely to Howard’s footsteps, his old man still regarded him with such disdain that it was a while before he stopped blaming himself and started blaming Howard.
Steve blinks. Because yeah, a lot of people thinks he's younger than he is since he’s on the short side. He hopes that he gets taller someday. “M’not a kid. I-I just turned e-eight last July.” Steve mumbles. He’s not used to someone helping him, even George just stays away when James decides to make his day a bad one.
##########
“Sir.” He says as respectfully as he can, meeting Fury in the eyes.
“Treat them with tenderness, son. And they’ll show you the same affection.” And it must be something hardwired in Steve, that when Ed offers his hand to pet Steve’s cheek, Steve leans into it without a word, the soft palm of the Alpha warm on his exhausted skin.
“We’ll give you a minute, Mrs. Rogers.” Says one of the men, and they close the door behind him.
And it turns into just that, a marathon of how much they can shake Steve apart. He’s almost grateful that he isn’t required to speak during it all.
“That’s yours Stevie, all yours.” Bucky pleads, catching where it’s going. “Don’t-”
“Oh yeah, ‘cos that’s the easy way out, huh? Settling for you, bud?” When Steve doesn’t reply with anything, Bucky places his chin on the crown of Steve’s head, heavy, warm, feels silly like when they were kids and Bucky shot up six inches over Steve. “I’d never settle for anyone less than you.”
, you could ask permission from papa Fury but where’s the fun in that?”
.”) for her to divert her eyes elsewhere.
"Good." A sigh. "All the drugs are really getting to me. I think I'm going to take a nap." Is an obvious dismissal.
“Yes, of course. We wouldn’t dream of pushing anything forward without your explicit consent. The list already contains Alphas whom will help integrate you into society, we can go over the list when you think you’re ready and conduct a Scenting to see if you’re compatible.”
“Holy shit.” He gasps, finding it hard to breath, and his dick can’t quite agree to whether this position is less or
a tablet, Steve! It’s Starktech!”) and they resume a half-cuddling position as Tony continues to work.
“Is something wrong with it? Is it because of the tracker? Hand it over to Jarvis for a debug. If it's hardware related just leave it on my desk.”
“Of course, Captain Rogers.”
And the fucking god actually pulls away, parts Tony’s cheeks to watch his fingers slowly slide in and out of Tony’s ass. His other hand massages Tony’s thigh, and it sends shivers down his spine.
He isn’t such a selfish fuck either.
God, Steve doesn’t know if he should be allowed. His heat is over, for all intents and purposes, Tony doesn’t have to put up with him anymore. A small part of him squirms in shame of his initial assumption of the man.
“Oh, don’t mind me. I’m just listening to suggestions. Please do continue. In fact, I might just be a little more inclined to take suggestions now that I see the benefits to it. A suggestion box should be- Oh god, your mouth!” Tony babbles are cut short when Steve engulfs his cock.
Becoming restless for days while they wait for news, not sure if their runner’s lost or dead. Laying still on their bellies for hours when an entire unit gets on top of them, praying to God above that they don’t spot the hastily hidden supplies in the bushes. When they couldn’t light a fire to stay warm at night, else risk getting spotted by the enemy.
“Buck, I-”
“Lean forward, hands on the couch, stick out your ass.” He barks out orders, and when Stevos puts his ass out, legs balancing him on the couch, spread just enough to see his hole, Tony loses it.
“That’s amazing, Tony.”
“That’s my sweet boy, that’s my little baby boy. Always so good.” She whispers as she takes him into another embrace. He latches on, feels the warmth radiate from her body, wishes that this moment could last forever.
“Upper or lower pains? Any vomiting?”
Sounded important.
“No? From what Howard said this was all they had.” Which he had found odd at the time.
“And why is that?”
“You need an Omega, my boy. Something to take care of you, and something for you to take care off.” Obie says, hand on Tony’s shoulder.
“You told me that the arc reactor was a power source, right?” Tony has shown him a previous model of the arc reactor, smooth and clean lines, glowing blue just like the one he had in his chest. It had been mesmerizing, almost like a work of art, sculpted precisely for its user.
“You still have that knife?”
Pancakes are enjoyed after.
. Wanna see you. Wanna touch you.” Desperation so heavily laced in Steve’s voice that Tony rushes to comply, his shirt tossed somewhere across the room.
“Afraid this one isn’t for sharing, sorry.” Tony answers easily, looping an arm around Steve’s hip, pulling him in just a fraction closer. A gesture all too possessive, but was a clear a sign as any. Playing the part, Steve rests his own arm around Tony’s middle, lax on his waist, smiling apologetically at Cara.
Jasper nods, and opens the door, ushers Tony inside.
He meets Tony again in Germany, in front of a man who demands the crowd to bow.
It’s not Will, thank goodness. But a smaller Alpha, with glasses and a receeding hairline, with a coat that fitted his form well. They all sort of perk up, but remain in their seats. It wasn’t the first time Steve felt like he was being judged on looks alone, but the Alpha’s gaze flits towards each of them, and then clearly points at John.
“No.” Steve rasps, strength gone from his body, it’s all he can do to just twitch his fingers to curl on Bucky’s shirt. “Buck. I have’ta say. When I’m gone-”
##########
Bothering him? God. A truckload of things that can’t seem to be put to words, no matter how hard he tried. It was easier to say things that he meant. Simple things that were suppose to be ideals that he stuck to, it was why everyone would give him chuff about his speeches back in the Howlies. Because at the end of the day, they knew that whatever came out of his mouth came from the heart, no backwards agenda or hidden motive, even if it was the corniest bullshit they ever heard.
Steve knows what it is. “I can't.”
“Could you please tell Tony that I’ll need him in a couple of hours?”
him for simply being him, and he still doesn’t.
Except when Stevos brushes a hand over his chest, touches the arc reactor and traces the black spidery veins that crawls from his heart. It’s a vicious anger that grips his chest. This flawless god beneath him, sculpted from flesh and marble, a reminder of his own mortality.
“Well, err, it isn’t. It’s The Gallery’s personal touch to Omega for V.I.P. patrons, it’s not just available
Tony seems to have finally caught on that Steve is barely listening to him.
He feels more than hears Stevos coming as well, his own ass squeezing out every drop of cum that he can from the god’s body. His ass is filled to the brim with the god’s hot sticky cum, he feels it dribble out of his ass, sliding between his crack even as the god thrusts forward one more time to push it all in.
auction house name that Tony can think of, but even he has heard of the exclusivity of Omegas sold here, said to be bred and handpicked by a mysterious host who has an eye for beautiful and interesting Omegas. “I’m sure you will find one to your fancy, young Stark.”
“Sounds like a great guy. You miss him, don’t you.” It wasn’t a question, just an observation, that makes Steve’s breath catch in his throat.  He’s avoided this, talking in detail, because the memories seep in and it gets harder and harder to pull out of them. He talks in general terms with psychiatrists, who have all but given up on getting him to open up and cleared him off for missions anyway.
Anyway, I am incredibly sorry for not getting this out sooner. I tried to get it out last week, but I've been swamped with a lot of other things that I have to do on the computer. Half of this chapter was written three weeks ago, then the other half just whenever I would have the time, so it might feel odd as compared to other chapters sorry.
“Then why keep it?”
Tony’s eyes land on his bare neck.
“There, there, I know. But it’s biology. High-level Omegas are rare, rarer than high-level Alphas. A longer Heat means there are more choices for the Omega for a potential mate, the Alphas would weed themselves out, figure out which of them would be the best and strongest for the Omega. Worst case scenario, a couple of high-levels Fight it out, and the winner gets to stay.”
so he doesn’t know where that misconception might have from and Tony is in no sense a small man. It’s all sleek curves and lines, deceptively lean design that hides its strength among other things. Compared to a tank, the suit looks incredibly lightweight and agile, which Steve doesn’t doubt, nor does he doubt the amount of firepower it actually conceals.
“They’re all virgins, of course.” The curator puffs his chests in pride. “Only the finest are allowed to be sold here at The Gallery.” Which is the most
No excuses. Just tired from work, I went from working 8 hours a day for 5 days a week to 10 hours a day for 6 days a week, so yeah. Most of the time I'm too sleepy, haven't adjusted well to waking up earlier. I did just come back from a week of vacation though, so don't feel too bad for me.
His Ma justs holds him tighter. “Can we please have a minute?” She tells the men. “Just a minute, we won’t take too long.” They look at each other and nod in understanding.
“Alright. Take good care of her.” He sighs, ignoring the way they gleefully look at each other.
“Yeah, I do.” Tony answers back.
exist. That other life forms can be one portal away from visiting. Or destruction? Take your pick.”
##########
“What?”
It’s not so bad, Tony convinces himself. There’s cleanup and public relation to handle for the expo, which is normally Pepper’s job but even he feels like she’s been working to the ground these days. She’d rescinded her promotion for CEO, which meant a nasty amount of paperwork to sign
And he does.
He’s in the Pharmacy, writing up a receipt when-
“You were lost again.”
. That's what he had felt. When he'd waded through all the walls and shit he'd piled at his feet. When he could list his problems and shortcomings in his head. That was how he had felt. A lost Omega. Not even knowing how to be an Omega anymore. Too caught up in an Alpha's body to figure himself out. Maybe it was why he hasn't had a Heat since then either.
He watches Tony’s face, waiting for the pity in his eyes, the judgement that is sure to come, readies himself to square his shoulders, tighten his jaw. Ready to prove that he doesn’t need that expression, or the pity. He can take care of himself. Steve’s been fighting prejudice his entire life, in different forms and shapes. How is this any different?
Steve’s instincts scream that they’re up to no good.
“Would I have had the choice?”
“Thank you for bringing him home.”
The curator reigns in the crowd. “Now. Settle down, settle down. I know, he makes quite the first impression. I hope that this round of bids will show respect to an Omega of his stature. Speaking of which, as he is a last-minute addition to tonight's proceedings. I shall be announcing his status.”
Stevos catches the tumbler mid-throw, knelt to the ground, holding the container in one hand as he looks at Tony like a disapproving mother.
Probably not what you remember. Look, I’m shit at explaining, I wasn’t lying about that. You can check the internet for a better explanation.”
"Yes Captain, your perseverance was a well-documented trait."
After a shower, he’d go right back to reading, and then sleep to do the entire day again.
“I have you, Anthony. Do not cry.”
The older Alpha ushers the younger one in and closes the door behind him. “Your name, sir?”
The way the ‘god’ says it, without a condescending tone that sends a tendril of warmth in Tony. But there must be some kind of catch to this, if there was anything that myths and legends have repeated time and time again, it was that nothing was ever for free.
Steve scowls, shoulders still wound tight, brows furrowed tight. But he’s alone now, or he can trick himself enough to believe it. Even for just a moment.
And of course, Pepper and his PR group are on his ass the moment he’s free from the court. They beg and plead, something, anything about the Ironman that they can feed to the governing board before they write up a cease and desist on Stark Industries. Anything to keep the dogs off their back, just long enough until the public settles because the video of him being sworn at by the secretary of defense has reached a million views already and if they don’t calm things down, it could easily turn into a nightmare.
Steve just stares at it. He's never been offered a piece of jewelry before. Heat offerings were just that, a gift, some measure, a bribe Steve thinks ashamedly.
“The blue.” Frank ventures. “Andrew said it would bring out your eyes. Have'ta say I agree.”
“And… Mating blocks and contracts?”
His bodyguard greets them both at the door of his condominium.
“You could have handled it. Okay, hold onto the shield now. How’s the grip? Nice and firm? Good, great. Now say ‘Release’.”
“Leave.”
“If you could hold it up towards the northwest corner of the room, on your left, that would be optimal, Captain.”
Twenty-Five percent of this chapter wasn't suppose to be here, namely the beginning and end of this chapter, but I thought it'd be a nice addition to it anyway.
There’s a gasp, and then the Omega focuses accusing blue eyes on Tony. He doesn’t make a move.
“Don’t.” Is all Stevos deems worthy to say, before he presses his tongue into Tony’s mouth, hard and bruising.
“God you smell so good.” Tony moans against his neck. “I swear, if I could find a way to recreate this scent, I’d be a, well I’m already a billionaire. A
Smut will be in by next chapter, you've been warned. And hey look! An actual Stony tag.
Permission granted, Tony approaches the bed, staring at him.
Alpha running a weapons company? Not unheard of. Very in the norm. But a shift in direction, and they’re all ready to declare you
. Rubberducks get thrown around, squashed, stabbed, melted, blasted, flung out of windows… I managed to destroy a box of them in one go at some point, with little more than a screwdriver, divots, and lots and lots of glue.”
“You’re smiling.”
Tony slaps Steve’s ass, hard, wringing a surprised yelp from Steve. “Attention on me.” He hisses right into Steve’s ear, his Omega instincts quickly unfurling as groans in response and scents the heavy shift of Alpha pheromones in the room.
Still muscular, contrary to his initial glance, lean in a way that said of use instead of outright decoration. But it is still marred by scratches and black lines. Lines that Tony was utterly familiar with.
“May I?” Tony asks in the middle of the week, gesturing the sketchbook on Steve’s table.
“Believe me, that money is all yours, Howard made sure of it. You can do whatever you want with the money.”
Being Ironman helps bolster the company’s reputation, but Tony quickly learns that the suit is killing him too.
He remembers when they had to hike three miles from their makeshift camp to get any reception for their radio, in some desperate attempt to send a message to base, and even then it crackled like a bitch and there was always the threat of being intercepted.
“Stomach cramps. My mother’s.” The heavy curl of his Texan draws out.
Clint and Natasha are away, official SHIELD business, is all he is deemed fit to be informed with. Though he may receive the occasional heads up from either of them, he knows that they can’t exactly tell him anything they aren’t allowed to.
“You could always just ask me.”
"That's right."
“‘M sure Stark’ll let you play around with another ‘mega, probably’d-”
And Steve is left to wraps his legs around the Alpha’s waist while his arms crumple from under him. He hopes to hell he doesn’t sound as pathetic as he does the fourth time he finds release, dry and unfulfilling by now but the Alpha’s cock wring it out of him all the same, shaking hard around the thick flesh that penetrates him.
“Um, aces. Are you… Going to go over the list with me?” He’s making his discomfort known.
So, uh, enjoy this chapter and sorry again. Crazy thanks to everyone who has been reading and leaving kudos and comments all this time.
She rolls her eyes. “And now you’re all mature and grown-up? I thought I’d never see the day.” She says with such haughtiness that Steve wonders how close she and Tony were. Her eyes rake over him one more time, a newfound curiosity in her gaze before she settles with an exaggerated sigh. “Well, I can see when you’re mind has been made up. I must have a word with Oliver and his dashing husband about their new line of water-resistant cosmetics before the night drags on, let’s catch up some other time then?”
Steve watches as Tony’s expression turns almost blank, save for the slight twitch in his brow.
Steve’s breath catches. “Yes. Please.”
“Yes, Agent Rumlow. Very formidable on the field, commander of STRIKE.” Natasha adds, giving file a quick lookover as if she could find some discrepancies just by that.
"What you must think of me." Tony says through the tears, but there's a smile somewhere.
Steve smiles, notes the slowness of how Tony speaks. “Good morning. A little collusion might be happening. He’s worried about you I think.”
“Last one.”
“You’ve found a cure.” Stevos says hopefully, dragging the large suitcase into the makeshift projection room.
He’s thought about it, for a while, why it was he was still here (alive). Why did people insist on helping him.
Feral Alpha’s weren’t like feral Omegas. Their sense of territory were heightened, and dropped into Fight a lot faster. While feral Omegas turned bitchy and demanded attention, feral Alphas demanded respect.
Jasper pales. “No, of course not, Mr. Stark! The Gallery is
Steve huffs and takes a bite at Tony’s palm, throwing a challenging look at the Alpha.
As soon as Tony leaves, or if he never showed up in the first place, Steve does some reading in his room. After lunch, he keeps busy with another workout session, and practices what Natasha taught him. There’s no firing range in the mansion (It would have been strange if there was), so instead he takes that time to draw on the sketchbook Happy got him.
Everything feels too heavy for him to think, a dull ache at the back of his mind that demands he closes his eyes, wrap himself up in thick blankets that smell faintly of Tony and let everything blur out.
’ at his small gesture.
The Clint in his sketch remains asleep, content to ignoring the the world for a few short moments. Steve draws him with just a hint of a smile, like he knows a secret nobody else know and would like to keep it that way.
like you. And if it had been up to me, I wouldn’t have let you leave after your heat was over.”
“Could you take another one without me?”
“I- Uh. Adrenaline? Still shaking it off, post traumatic stress? I’m getting old?” Tony says, distracted, eyes darting from Rhodey to behind him, on the floor, on some rubble, anywhere but Stevos. Rhodey at least looks sympathetic.
“Yeah well, Ma’s probably the worst influence in my life, right next to you, punk.”
The base feels heavy (batteries?) and the dildo itself seems to made of some jelly-like material that flops when he holds it upright. There’s also a note next to the dildo.
Stevos’s body is hard, but Tony knows that intimately. A strong curve of biceps and triceps, beautiful wrists and huge palms. It’s dips and grooves of muscle, perfectly taut and defined, pectorals that curve spectacularly, an eight-pack that would make any bodybuilder weep with envy, a trim waist that forms an exaggerated V perfectly points to his hard cock. Legs that go one for miles, thighs as thick as tree trunks and slender ankles to perfect toes.
It doesn't come, it isn’t there.
“They’re perfect for each other, together for at least seven years now, I think. Except Cara has a strong preference for Omegas in bed but they claim that they haven’t found the
“As you know, your body metabolises modern drugs too quickly, so we can’t give you full suppressives for your heat.”
are given. He hasn’t been left behind.
##########
She looks at him, with suspicion almost. There’s a silence between them that grows, and Steve decides to break it with a fumbled apology.
Steve scoffs. “Then-?”
He has to remind himself.
SHIELD manages to find them in that little shawarma shop, and agents file in to assess them.
From there, he’d gone where he was needed, capturing bases and intel from Nazi stations and halting their progress on their men, destroying and delaying as best they could. The sense of purpose drove him to wake up, grit his teeth, and do what needed to be done even if it meant killing other men.
“I kind of understand why you did it.” Tony mules over, not sure why he has to say it out loud except for the reason that he wants Stevos to know.
at him. For the first time, Steve sees the demons that swirl behind those brown eyes, tragic admission to a past he can’t place behind him.
“E-Every S-S-Sunday?”
He must have said it aloud, feels his cheeks heat up at Tony’s comment. There’s something with Tony’s voice too, softer, less barbed with distrust (or was it because of the scent in his head?)
There’s a moan and the Alpha is kissing him again. But he realizes it a trick as the dildo slips right out. With a growl, he bites the offender’s lip, tasting blood as the Alpha retreats, and glares at him for denying him his pleasure.
Six messages.
“You’ll do. You start tomorrow, come in everyday. 8am sharp before we open. You’ll help Ernie over at the counter. He can’t write worth a damn but he’s good at remembering and numbers. It’s your job to keep track of that. Help him around, every time there’s no one around I expect you to keep track of inventory.”
Steve salvages what little of his schedule he can. He still runs on the treadmill when he first wakes up, and JARVIS taught him how to switch channels for the television so that he can watch anything he wants.
“You knew that when you signed.”
he was now.
Stevos pants noisily, recovering from his orgasm, eyes glazed over from the intensity of their fucking.
Tony gets hit in the face with the sweetest scent he’s ever encountered. He’s surrounded by it, overwhelmed by it, yet he can’t get enough.
Updates will be irregular.
TS: [
Clint doesn’t say anything after that, and they stay embraced until morning, neither getting any sleep, but somehow feeling better for it.
reveal.”
Steve has most of his mind now, the fog lifted along with the Heat, but things still feel slower than normal. He’s alert, but lazy, covered in silk sheets that smell like him and Tony in their little nest. So unlike from earlier when he’d been desperate and nearly animalistic, uncaring of his surroundings unless it had something to do with his Alpha.
“Tony…”
“Still a little feral? Do you understand what I’m saying?” Tony’s voice turns tender as he brushes his hand over Steve bangs, looking down at him with a softness that Steve has come to know these past few days. Steve nods, embarrassed that Tony has to see him like this.
“Uhm, sorry?”
They’d frozen when he mentioned wanting a cellphone, incredulous when everyone seemed to have one except him, but they eventually relented and given him one that he could use to call or text anyone he wanted. Which in all reality was just Clint and Natasha, on occasion Commander Fury and Agent Coulson, that was about the extent of his contact list.
“Probably frozen scared.”
“What’s the situation?” He asks calmly.
Tony lets the pain and humiliation fall on him there. The fight is over, he can feel fucking sorry for himself for being so blind to the fact that his own godfather had hated his guts and had him killed. So wrapped up in himself that he failed to see the poison that had slowly corrupted the heart of Stark Industries.
“I thought-”
It was a moment before the door opened. Steve quietly wondering if one of the bots or Tony would answer, kept his surprise hidden when a black man opens the door, his eyes roaming him from head to foot, a tightness to his lips when he says, “He said you'd be coming.” Takes a step back to let Steve in.
“Shield deactivate.”
“Nice to meet you, JARVIS.”
Steve doesn’t move from his spot, half-buried in blankets that Tony insists on covering him with, and a tanned arm draped over his body possessively. He doesn’t answer, or question the statement, his tongue feels heavy and unwillingly to comply, and he finds that he doesn’t have the energy to really care.
Stevos regards him, and then walks forward to sit with Tony on the couch. Instinctively, Tony nestles into him, warm and soft where Tony can curl up by Stevos’s side.
Yeah, okay. So Tony gets it. It sound archaic at best, but people wish for things all the time, ask guidance without a real name behind their prayers. And from that, the gods must get some kind of special juice for being wanted or whatever. Okay, he understand that.
His mom scrambles him back in her arms, hugging him until his ribs hurt. “Don’t ever say that, Steven. Of course, I want you. I love you. I love you more than anything in the entire world, baby.” His mom sounds like she’s about to cry too. She sniffles, holds his shoulders and stares him in the eye.
The god twists and moans, the hard jut of his cock pressing right at Tony’s navel, leaking pre-cum and the swollen head peaking from the foreskin. Tony is intimately knowledgeable of Stevos’s cock, a certain thick vein running on its side, that if he were to trace it it would drive Stevos mad with lust, bring him to orgasm faster than anything else.
The Alpha narrows his eyes, his next words are more forceful, the sharp bite of command has Steve’s senses singing.
“Yes, their carcases lay scattered around your exhibit. The other mortals have been evacuated, no deaths, and injured parties have been carried away for healing.”
The realization stung him, that no matter what body he might possess, or how many changes he might go through, there would be people who simply couldn’t accept him, no matter what he did.
Guilt sways in his chest. He had ordered Natasha to close the portal before the Ironman was clear, the aftershock of the blast had been impeding through the portal and any longer would have come falling back into Earth.
Loud, almost exaggerated theatre lights burst open, and a sheet of cloth falls to the floor and it’s…
“Yes. Yes, I’d like it very much.”
“Ah.” Tony supplies, moving past the machinery and brings out drinks from the lab’s cooler. “Celebration?” Tony inclined a drink towards him, a testing smile on his face.
Stevos’s blue eyes twinkle with mischief, and then suddenly there are warm, hot, hands on Tony’s body, inquiring as they graze over his shoulders, arms, and finally his chest.
It’s an instant. Tony blinks and the Stevos before him is as he was, large and muscular, built like a brick wall and could probably tear one down too.
’ that he can’t be bothered to wonder why he didn’t want to do a Scenting in the first place.
Steve sighs and blinks lazily. “It’s nothing.”
“Captain Rogers.” Comes the familiar tone. “How may I assist you?”
“You are
“Just means he’ll listen to your kinks and do them if he likes them.”
And it’s that awkardness that makes Steve think that Ed doesn’t frequent mating blocks himself. “I’ll think about it.”
The sceptre had done a number on him too, the shame that he felt after uttering those words, but anger propelling him to challenge the Alpha who was belittling him. And maybe that did make him squirm. A part of him knew, that without the serum, he would have been just some scrawny kid from Brooklyn, doomed to lose fights and get his ass kicked in alleyways by men twice his size.
“You’ll pay for this, Stark.” Justin spits. “You and you’re Omega!”
Tony shakes his head, his expression fond. “Nothing. Making sure you didn’t go feral on me again.” He says with such kindness that makes Steve feel warm.
“And it
Steve blinks, and then realizes that he’s been grinning for the past couple of minutes.
The Alpha wastes no more time, his cock sliding easily into his pliant body, grinding his hips as he bottoms out, his balls pressed up against Steve’s cheeks. The Alpha’s cock is larger than the dildo, and feels like a furnace inside of him, burning away the desperation.
“Pepper. I wouldn’t know where he could possibly find dates, not with his
His blood turns hot when he sees the report on the cube, but he keeps his mouth shut and doesn’t ask. Because if there’s one thing he’s learned about Fury during the months he’s been awake, it’s that the man does not divulge his secrets willingly.
“Yeah well, we can’t all be super soldiers. Some of us do bleed.” He catches the way Tony’s eyes roam, settling on the cut on his side where a Chitauri had stabbed him with it’s spear.
“You couldn’t just take a sick leave and let other soldiers fight for justice, peace and patriotism?” Tony wheedled, keeping up the gentle pressure, pressing into all the right places that makes Steve’s brain stutter to a halt.
He doesn’t miss the way Tony smiles when he notices that Steve is wearing the necklace.
Rhodey bundles him up and secures him in his seat, thankfully asks no more from Tony and look to him with such concern.
“So. Dinner?”
“Hmm. Two- No, three blinks per flutter?”
He can’t sleep, unsurprising. He’s not sure if it’s the adrenaline or the thoughts but he’s restless. Clint has fallen asleep, or asleep enough that Steve doesn’t feel guilty about slipping out of bed to roam.
“Don’t just stand there,” Tony says after a while, voice softer, a little more tired. Steve isn’t entirely sure how long he’s been standing, but he finds himself being pulled closer to Tony regardless, finding himself directed to the seat Tony motions to.
His schedule had mysteriously shifted from being once everyday to once every three days, which is a lot more tolerable and a lot less weary on him.
“Morning run?”
##########
“Please don’t tell SHIELD.” It comes out as a near whimper. Steve had been dreading that the most, he’d kept it to himself for a reason. What would happen if they were to know? More Psychiatrists? Would they lock him up? He’d just gotten Natasha’s approval. If they knew that he woke up to nightmares at least once a week, what would they think? Would they even allow him to go on missions? Would they even let him outside?
“Uhm, well from here and there. It was the war time, we didn’t have much time. They threw me into basic, taught me how to fire a gun, and then I just went with what I saw.”
There’s a flare of pride when he hears Tony’s growl, low and delicious, at his rebellious actions, a smirk as he works the muscles in his body to a new position. Steve lifts his ass,  presses his cheek to a pillow as he watches Tony from the corner of his eye.
“Wait. I’m not done with the story!” Tony chides, but readjusts the shield on the table anyway, placing it where he wants it and then shuffles around through drawers. “Back to that. Wakanda didn’t
access the back code and re-secure the Ironman Mark 7 as property of Tony Stark, and will promptly be destroyed.”
“Mutual, I hope?” Tony chuckles, runs a hand over his chest, fingers trailing across his undershirt, teasing and light.
The yelling only seems to get louder, they must be searching high and low for him, it would only be a matter of time before he is found.
Stillness, the most motionless he’s ever seen Tony. Tony who’s normally buzzing with energy and fraught with thought- Looks speechless.
His heat isn’t due for another couple of month, but even that timeline hedge of uncertainty. They weren’t sure yet if being frozen had affected his cycle, as they’d based this current timeline from when he was still in war, when his body would have shut down on any imperative to breed unless he was suitably comfortable, which had only happened twice post-serum.
##########
“That's kinda sucks, Steve.” He honestly isn’t sure if Clint is kidding or not. “Everyone should have
He hunches lower, looking up at Tony through fluttering lashes, a pout on his lips as he tries to look as small as possible. (Omega whiles, he can almost hear Natasha whisper) It’s difficult after the serum, but some things he can never unlearn. He never liked attention, preferring the solidarity of a book than a person, so he’d learned how to stay quiet and go unnoticed.
##########
“Just being polite. Happily taken over here. I did get an eyeful last night. Makes an Alpha get self-conscious, y’know? Better hit the gym later to work out all my anxiety after all that.”
Steve takes one of the pillows with him and slides right next to Clint. The bed really isn’t made for two, he can feel the hard muscle of Clint’s arm just right beside his, and it must be a ridiculous sight as the pair of them shift around, trying to find the most comfortable they can get and stick to it.
"Be yours." Steve breathes.
Steve chuckles, finally grinning at Tony’s mock expression of horror. “Maybe if you grovel a little more, I’ll consider it.”
Steve comes again when Tony pushes in another time, adding to the slush of come that has no doubt gathered in his ass. It would be a few minutes before they separate, the pair panting on spoiled sheets.
“Is it suppose to be this way?” Steve breathes, taking in as much of the scent as he can. Now that the initial rush is over, he can detect other smells too. The slight tang of metal, the heady odor of gasoline, perfume (cologne?) that Tony must use. He feels lighter somehow, his brain has given up on any other thought other than ‘
“You’re a convincing looking imposter, if I do say so myself. And I’ve met a lot of imposters.”
of money for this Omega. I thought The Gallery was the best house this side of the
He’d been so sure that the Alpha would claim him, bite him, mark him, make him his. It’s what he’d expected when they’d brought him to that place, to that stage and showed him to all those hungry eyes. Tony had been no different, he’d seen those eyes when the man had told him he had won, there was hunger there too. He could tell in that small room where he’d been stripped naked and laid there for the Alpha, of what he was meant for.
Steve gets out of the shower, feeling warm and cozy from the warm shower. That was something he’d forever be grateful for, at least unless the summer weather came. He puts on a new set of clothes, a bit tighter and
They’re chest to chest now, Tony’s eyes hazy, locked into his. The Alpha had been trying to push against him for half of the conversation, but Steve held his ground.
Cara pouts. “You used to be a lot more
“It was all Loki-”
“Sorry.”
Tony’s back on the rooftop, stiff and resolute, except he’s got less clothes on and the smell of petrol didn’t stain the air. “And everyone else could have died if it wasn’t for me. Vanko wanted
“I know what you need.” His Alpha says, voice dropping a timbre that has Steve nodding for anything.
“I tell 'em, my gun has been acting up. Magazine won’t slide in perfect, sometimes a bullet jams in the chamber, and it doesn’t fire at all when it rains.” Steve shrugs. “He says, doll. That’s all easy. I can fix all that
A few articles were helpful, like how it was now alright for Omegas to take on work that had been deemed too
He knew the effects of an absent father himself, the strange emptiness, like a something curiously missing. His Ma did her best in raising him, and the Barnes’s family was quickly to fill in whatever space of family he needed and more. It was never a question of loneliness, but a quiet question in the midst of his life.
Clint huffs. “Shame, I could have gone for some kissing and then a cuddle after.”
“Oh my god, I broke Captain America. Fury is going to kill me.”
As it turns out Phil Coulson is his negotiator.
Steve visits the two scientists, only to be shoved back out because he doesn’t know he’s doing, Tony and Bruce Banner are certainly bounds more capable than him. The words sting,
##########
I'll try to keep to a regular update schedule, as of now I'll stick to (my) sunday, within the day at the very least but I write whenever the mood strikes me or when I'm doing nothing.
“I-I changed my m-mind.” He whispers. “I wanna stay with you, Mama. W-Why can’t I-I sta-a-a-y with you? I w-w-wanna stay.” He feels the tell-tale pinpricks in his eyes.
So while Andrew lies on one side of the bed, exhausted from fucking Steve, Ed positions himself right behind him again, places on a condom, and lets himself in Steve’s hole.
He claims that his roommates are boring, and Steve is so much more entertaining. Bucky is also insistent that Steve reads to him from their story books whenever he does sleep over, claiming that he’s not a good reader himself, and that Steve does the voices from the stories really well.
Sometimes he wakes up with Clint sitting up on his bed, his eyes dark and unseeing, then Steve knows it’s going to be a quiet day from Clint.
“Certainly Captain Rogers.” Comes the crisp voice from hidden speakers. “You can find a camera button on your phone, or alternatively I can scan the drawing if you were to place it properly in front of my cameras.
Mating block. An illegal one running under the guise of a registered business, the dark underbelly of it all. Unwilling Omegas, drugged and restrained, an underground market for Alphas and Betas who didn’t care if they harmed their partner or not. If they were willing or not. Sold to the highest bidder.
It’s an Alpha’s cock for sure, large and thick, knot half-formed at the base already. Steve kisses around it, taking extra care on Tony’s inner thighs, inhaling the musky scent of him.
He blinks at Clint, slowly dissecting the feelings he had. A churn in his gut that's dissipating with every moment aftwe Clint assurance. It helps that Clint has settled back down, head on Steve’s chest, strangely feels like submission. Low-Omega, he’d scented that on Clint too, a softer taste on his tongue.
He then proceeds to frown, like he didn’t expect himself to say that.
“Would you like to enlighten me on why Stark sent in a
“Yeah, I know.” Irritation still in the front of his emotions but Tony can’t deny that he got a little hot when Stevos was touching him. And of course, Stevos acts like he doesn’t even notice the way Tony’s dick is starting to get attentive. Politeness, maybe.
“Next, NEXT!”
“It was a gift from Colonel Rhodes.” JARVIS interjects. “He had hoped it would remind you to eat regular meals.”
pay off, I know it.” Tony throws back, biting viciously into his apple. “But I’m not making any more weapons for them, Pep, I just won’t.”
At least Phil is very sensitive to that, as he frowns and looks thoughtful.
Steve hasn’t got the heart to tell him that his Ma and Dad were an Alpha-Omega couple and his life didn’t work out so well. He just hopes that nice people adopt George so that he can have more toy cars.
He squeezes Stevos’s ass one more time, pulling out completely and stretches out Stevos’s hole with his fingers, gaping from where his cock had been, pink and red from friction, wet from saliva and cum.
More times than none, Steve shows that he has teeth when they don’t expect it.
Here, Ed slowly instructs Andrew on what to do, from the way he glides over Steve’s thighs and legs, brushing up against his cock. It’s all very methodical, and Andrew’s fumblings are no better, either too gentle or too rough to matter.
“N-No, I’m okay. Tell him-” He shudders at the thought of
Again, no beta, I only read these by myself. And English isn't even my first language!
“But, you just said?”
“Oh no. His papers are still in-process. I’ve moved it up the priority list however, it will be another hour before it’s finished. No, no. Oh, you’ll see, I think you’ll be quite pleased.”
They stay like that for a while, until Tony gets sore from the position and Stevos moves him to the couch. He feels crumpled, battered and heavy, but oddly enough it feels like he’s been remade. The crying had been phase one, but he didn’t have much time, not enough to mope around like he’d been doing the past week.
“I’d say prove it, but then you probably know everything there is to know about Captain America.”
They discuss (argue) several things about Stark Industries that Steve supposes shouldn’t really be his business. He’s tried to get up and leave, a half-formed excuse on his lips, give them a bit more privacy, but Tony just yanks him back down and pushes a beer into his hands.
“Yes.
, pressing against him.
Steve relaxes, pressing his shield back into his bag. “Nice to hear your voice again too. Is everything automatic now?” The word
“I just- I was-!” He struggles to explain but Tony silences him with a kiss to his mouth. He complies, taking in the sweet taste of the man in front of him. He calms down with reaffirmation of the gesture. Tony was here for him, wasn’t going to leave him and would take care of his Heat with him. He didn’t have to fight tooth and nail to keep the Alpha interested.
Stevos gives him an amused look. “You find it hard to believe.”
Tony waves him off in the middle of his sentence. “Zero imposition.
Steve rolls onto his back, taking in a deep breath and tries to relax. He’d never been one of those Omegas who could just drop right into Heat. It would have been easier and quicker if that were the case. No, he was the kind who fell into it slowly, his body easing him into the primitive state that made Omegas lose their minds.
as possible.” Happy insists with scrunched eyebrows. With examining eyes, Steve realizes.
Tony looks stunning in a black suit, perfectly form-fitting, bowtie and all, perfectly shined leather shoes, not a line out of place. Steve unabashedly stares for the first five minutes because, wow, Tony is
He shrugs. “So? You never done sleepovers with a bunch of O’s and blabbed about Alphas you’d dated?”
anyone who opened with that statement, but go ahead, get this train wreck moving.” He can see the curiosity in Tony’s eyes, scents the carefully controlled dissatisfaction. “A lot of people knew my father, I’m not particularly impressed when people mention it.”
That hits a little harder in chest than he expects it to, Clint just summed up fifteen minutes of yelling into a very concise statement.
“No, uh, they don’t work. On me.” He blushes.
“It’s a wonder how we put up with you.”
It’s not hot like an Alpha’s knot, but it gets warm enough to get comfortable, the initial burn making way for a pleasure so deeply seated in his groan. He moans as he pushes it all the way inside himself, his hand shuddering at base of the dildo as the entire thing fills him up. There’s an awkward moment where he searches for the button, slippery fingers finally finding the grooves of plastic and presses one.
“It’s not… The same as that.” Steve can smell his discomfort, sharp and acrid.
Phil seems to take his lack of complaint as a good sign. “Being taken care of. It’s a short-term renewable contract, with your permission. You have nothing to worry about, I will
He doesn’t know if he should be angry or passive with how he’s so quickly passed around. Except, judging with how closely Frank keeps to his side, he’s not sure it’s that simple.
“Tony Stark will be providing anything and everything you need, Captain. He is legally obligated to do so.” Phil says, eyeing the piece of paper (Third revision since Phil got a hold of it), shuffling through the pages that held Steve’s entire life until his heat was over. Evidently he finds nothing wrong with it because he sets it down again, looking content.
Steve grins. “He shimmies up to me and says, he says to me.” Steve throws an arm over Tony’s shoulder, who is absolutely hiding a smile. He does his best impression of gruff Alpha. “Hey doll, you look about lovely tonight. What say you and me ditch the joint and have fun on our own.” Complete with head cock.
Steve had expected a little more. Obviously, Tony was only giving him the gist of it, no doubt worried that he wouldn’t understand most of the science malarkey while still a bit feral. But the way Tony says it, downcast and-
Tony laughs, plainly
It was what bothered him the most. Truthfully, he admired the man for his intelligence, his wit and charm, bravery that he’d shown time and time again. But past that, he knew little to nothing about Tony, other than little tidbits he’s managed to pick up; like how the Alpha liked blueberries, preferred his coffee black with no milk or sugar, muttered to himself while he worked, favored the right side of the bed, could apparently cook (still debatable), and was the strangest Alpha Steve has gotten to know yet.
He jerks as he comes, the tender weight of Tony’s hand the only thing anchoring him to the bed.
##########
He’s not sure what he looks like, his face won’t cooperate but it’s painful. He can feel his eyes crinkle, jaw tighten, lips pressed into a stressed line. Feels almost like crying but without the tears, just the awkwardness of it.
“And you didn’t warn me?”
Tony moves next to him and pries the keys out of the ignition, dropping them in Steve’s palm.
“Just a reminder.” Tony shakes his head in some form of apology, but Steve can see a smile play up on his lips as the Alpha turns and heads off to do his project.
’ must be in their clipboards somewhere. Almost irrelevant, if it were not for the fact that home was 1940 with no hope of return and everything he’s known is either gone or dead.
They stumble onto the bed, kissing and groping each other. There’s desperation, not quite like when Steve was in heat but he can feel it, coursing through his veins nonetheless.
He can’t help but feel like he’s won her over.
Clint thumps him weakly on the stomach, doesn’t mean much harm in it so Steve just chuckles at him.
“Isn’t he an agent?” Steve says, looking at the current Alpha on the screen.
The journey home is only slightly distracting. Tony lowers the hood of the convertible, lets the utter honeytrap of Steve’s scent burst through the New York air. Not that it’s any better but Tony would rather not test his own self-control while he has his hands on the wheel. It’s only when he’s stopped by a traffic light does he notice the shiver in the Omega’s body.
“Thank you.” Steve chances a glance at Tony. There’s something almost accusatory in Tony’s eyes, mystifying and electric, before it’s swept away with other emotions, and waved off with a smile.
He’s tired. All the time. From the pain, from the secrets, from failing over and over again. The arc reactor, though very efficient with energy, still requires the metal alloy and chemical components that the palladium exhibits. And while palladium works fine in a machine, it does not do well when it’s inside a human body. His body, in particular.
Steve doesn’t bother resisting, let’s his Omega senses purr in delight that another Omega seeks him for comfort.
Anyway, here we are, chapter 19 (already?!) which still serves as an in-between for Avengers and Ironman 3 and then next up is Winter Soldier.
It’s short work, barely a challenge, but it’s a terrible feeling in his stomach when they do liberate the victims. Most are young Omegas, Steve would think they’re all too terribly young, frightened and shaking when Clint and Steve come in. It’s the reason they’d decided that it was better that Natasha didn’t come along for the rescue, the presence of an Alpha might set them off, further stress them.
. “What? Did you think SHIELD has Harley-Davidsons just lying around for ninety year old to joy ride?” He scoffs. “It was dad’s. Or yours now anyway, since he left it for you in his will. When the bike’s tracker didn’t coincide with your phone’s, Jarvis assumed something was amiss.”
Stevos’s narrow hips are a blessing, fitting his palms perfectly while he presses his cock inside him. He can still bottom all the way in, his balls pressed right to the skin of Stevos’s little ass as he fucks him slow and steady. He’s not sure, or maybe it’s the euphoria of the situation, but Stevos feels hotter, tighter around his cock, and all too enthusiastic about getting fucked.
He needs more time, just a little bit more time, to right his wrongs and undo the damage he has done to the world.
As a question not related to this fic. Big Steve or Small Steve?
thing for
“You’ll be happy to know that he already has an Omega visa for both America and Germany. It seemed his previous owner was quite fond of travelling between countries and brought his Omega along with him.”
“I don’t know about you, 'o powerful god, but I don’t see much compassion here.” Tony gestures at the slaughter around them.
“It is, I think.” Steve replies, finding himself wondering what Tony is thinking. He has a good idea, but he would prefer not to assume. A Fight state takes a lot out of an Alpha, mentally tiring, like a headache, he’s been told.
Steve’s mouth goes dry at the thought of that much money. Money he couldn’t have possibly dreamed about back in the forties. It sounds like an awful lot for one person to have, but then he remember that Tony is a billionaire and it probably sounds like chump change to him.
He finds Tony in a corner, curled in on himself, staring at a potted plant.
The car is, of course, lovely and comfortable (some brand he doesn’t know???).
He doesn’t want to cry, but wanting has nothing to do with it. The utter sadness he feels for losing his first Alpha hits him at full force, the knowledge that he’ll never see Abraham again, never seen him dawdle through papers upon papers, walk through the woods, cheerfully chide his students, or even catch him moody and unapproachable during one of his talks on the phone. Those moments are gone and behind him, mere memories of a dead man that Steve will have to keep to himself.
“Scenting?”
your negotiator, right?”
"I know. I just had to put it out there. Or else I thought I would go crazy if I didn't tell you. And-" Tony goes wide-eyed. "You thought I wanted to get married
“Was this the ploy? Getting me cozy with a cup of cocoa and then making me spill all of my secrets?”
"Registered Omega at the age of thirteen."
that Steve feels.
“Mind if we borrow it?” The two behind him chuckle.
“Oh no, are you conniving with Steve?”
“Err. Jasper.”
“You just got your bestfriend back, Stark.” Comes the not-so-mysterious transmission.
“Please, Tony. Just let someone check you.” He tries, hears his voice break on the man’s name because he’s tired and worn out, because he’s worried but he can’t show it.
“So can you, Steve. It’s not just-
He keeps his gaze out the window, Happy astute enough to know to keep quiet the whole trip over. They stop over at an airport where they leave the car (It’s a rental, Happy informs him.) and get into a plane with the name STARK on it.
