John was miserable, not so much about Trudy; he had been disappointed but he had more or less got over that; what was worse was being away from Sherlock.  They spent practically every day together in the usual order of things and he was feeling lonely without him.  They’d been apart for odd weekends when John had gone home to see his mum; and last summer holidays Sherlock had gone with his family to visit his grandmother in France, but John had been at his mum’s at the time so it hadn’t seemed quite as bad with them both being away at the same time.
Sherlock looked deeply into John's eyes as he said that last and gave him a wicked grin.  John blushed and dropped his eyes, not knowing what to say to that.
“It’s probably actually a good thing.  It gave me time to think about everything whilst you were sleeping it all off.  I have to admit that, to my own surprise, I was intrigued by the idea of pursuing things further so if you wish to try something then I am happy to accede.”
“Amazing.  You truly are astounding, Sherlock.  To have realised what was going on just from the sound of a bullet; well, it’s a good job you’re so astute, just imagine what could have happened otherwise.”
When they landed, half the team went to their base of operations to get everything set up and to start monitoring the building, and John and the remainder of the team went to Sherlock’s accommodation to see if they could find any clues.
"That was a much vaunted theory but I've looked back over the evidence and he was quite obviously out of the country during the third killing so it couldn't have been him."
When I saw you limping across that clearing towards me, I could have wept.  It was only the soldier standing next to me that stopped me from running over to you.  He said that any wrong move at that stage could halt the whole exchange and they would rather shoot you than let you go so I had to nervously wait until you reached our side.
John had taken the final dressing off Sherlock’s leg that morning and checked the fractured ribs and broken fingers and declared them match fit.  Sherlock had also gained a satisfying amount of weight – nothing to put him over his own limits – but certainly enough to please John’s doctoring instincts of what was or wasn’t healthy.  All in all, he had decided that Sherlock had made enough progress that today was the day.
“Oh, Sherlock, how I’ve missed you.”  John laughed and shook his head fondly.  “You always wanted everything five minutes ago.  It’s nice to see nothing has changed.”
Sherlock Holmes had just started at John’s school on Monday and rumour had already spread that this was the fourth sixth form he’d been to in a year, after having been kicked out of all the others.  John could only assume that was true because surely Sherlock wouldn’t have ended up in this crappy place if he’d had any other choice.  True it was a public boarding school, but it wasn’t one of the more well known ones like Eton or Harrow which is where he would have expected someone like Sherlock to go.  Shaws was much smaller, only four hundred pupils altogether, including the sixth form, and it took people on full scholarships like the one which had garnered John his place.
“I’m not dangling anything; I’m completely serious.  Plus, I wouldn’t use bribery to secure anyone’s services, I am an officer of the law, you know.”
John looked at Sherlock’s face.  How could he refuse?  Even through the mask he could see the puppy-dog eyes and the pouting lip.
“I know it wasn’t my fault.  I was woken up from an amazing dream by a kick to the leg and the sight of you running as fast and as far from me as possible without even discussing it and then avoiding me ever since.”
John was soon set up at a poker table with a large pile of chips which he only succeeded in increasing as the evening progressed.  He had been there about an hour when he got word through his earpiece that Moran had been spotted approaching the casino.  John had sat himself so that he was side-on to the entrance.  He never liked to have his back to the door but he didn’t want to be tempted to look for Moran; he wanted the man to spot him and make the approach.
John lifted the hand held in his own and raised it to his lips before gently pressing a kiss on to the knuckles.  He put it down again and traced the skin with his thumb and smiled as he looked back up at Sherlock.
John lifted Sherlock's legs up onto his shoulders and pushed his way in to Sherlock in three stages until his balls were touching Sherlock's arse.  He paused there to allow Sherlock a moment to adjust and let out a long sigh at the sheer bliss of being buried deep inside Sherlock, the pressure tight and hot around his cock.  When Sherlock gave him a little nod John started moving, drawing almost completely out and then pushing in slowly again.  He did this a few times, changing his angle slightly each time until he brushed against Sherlock's prostate as he pushed in, making Sherlock shiver and moan.  John grinned down at him and did it again and again until Sherlock was a quivering mess underneath him just muttering his name as if he'd forgotten every other word in his head.
Of course, I consider you a friend already.  We have exchanged letters and gifts and now photographs as well.  If you haven’t had one before then I shall be honoured to be your first and I certainly won’t tell you to piss off.  I can only assume that those other people didn’t give you a chance to be yourself so it’s their loss.  I’m glad that you were pleased with what I said.  I think if you’ve never heard things like that before then you have every right to enjoy it without being vain.  You really are amazing.
“I’m glad that was sorted, Inspector.  Now, did you want to finish the point you were trying to make to Mollie here?”
John tried to pull out as he felt his orgasm flowing through him but Sherlock gripped his thighs tightly and wouldn’t let him move.  John just clenched his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and let himself go, releasing into Sherlock’s mouth, moaning as he felt Sherlock sucking out the last few drops.  His legs went weak and he collapsed down onto the bench, falling forwards in to Sherlock’s arms and just resting there as he got his breath back.
Sherlock needed to feel that too.  He used the hand on the opposite side to John and wrapped his larger palm around them both, his fingers overlapping John's own.  They stroked together, rocking their hips inwards as their hands went up and squeezed their shafts together.  John gave Sherlock a hard kiss, looking down to where their hands were joined.
I certainly don’t plan to toil as a lowly police officer – boring; and just imagine the paperwork!  I have already decided I will be a Consulting Detective.  I follow current police crimes in the newspaper and ring in with information to solve the case as they seem quite incapable of doing so themselves.  I have not had much support so far, though.  They are more concerned about questioning me than following up on my information.  Idiots!
“Well, I’m not having anyone talking to you like that, so they’d better watch out.  You’re amazing and everyone should know it.”
Greg shouted in pleasure and as John massaged the tip with his throat muscles, Greg grabbed John’s hair and tried to pull him back, knowing he was too close.  John wouldn’t let go, however, he just pulled back slightly and sucked hard on the head and the next moment he was swallowing everything as Greg released in his mouth.
“You have the hands of a surgeon as evidenced by the way you are holding your blade and the knot you have tied in your bandana is that used universally in operating theatres.”
“From the bits I heard from afar, it sounded very interesting.  I would be keen to see how you had interpreted my own composition.”
Sherlock shook his head in fond exasperation at the look on John’s face and followed him up the stairs.  He couldn’t help the little seed of joy that sprouted within him, though, as he was getting changed.  A real friend and more besides.  Maybe this time he’d actually not try to actively get himself kicked out.  It looked like this place might be worth his time, well maybe not the place, but definitely the company.
Even though it was still very early, the building was quite well staffed.  They knew him at the front desk so he wasn’t stopped as he marched straight up to Mycroft’s floor and smiled at Anthea as he walked towards her desk.   When she lifted her head from her phone he nodded to her then turned quickly aside and made for Mycroft’s door.  She jumped up to stop him but he pushed open the door just as she got to it and barged his way right in.  Mycroft looked up to see what the disturbance was, but shook his head at Anthea as she raised her eyebrow to query if he wanted security called.
Sherlock came to with his nose pressed against John’s skin.  He instantly knew where he was but regretted that he had fallen asleep; firstly because it was wasted time when he could have been watching John; and secondly because he hadn’t wanted to rush John or make him feel awkward.  He pulled his head back and looked up at John’s face.  John smiled softly back at him, he didn’t appear to be put out by it so maybe it wouldn’t be too bad.
“Of course.  Of course, we’re friends; well, more than friends I hope, but that’s certainly the very least we are.”
“It seems that John’s sister has cleaned up her act and is back with Clara.  They are having a ceremony for the renewal of their wedding vows.  Your departure caused an unfortunate surge in John’s drinking and upon seeing him in a more or less constant drunken state, it shocked Harry into make a change to her own lifestyle and they battled the booze together.  It has brought them closer together and Harry is now completely teetotal.  It was never quite such a problem for John as his was purely situational so he does still have the occasional pint with Gregory, but he used the circumstances to help her and they are both happier for it.”
If it’s what I said about buying a new bed then I can just sell it, we don’t need such luxury if you would rather have simple pleasures.
It didn’t take either of them much time to near completion, as it had certainly been far too long since they had been together like this.  John finished Sherlock off with a little twist as he reached the head, loving the look on Sherlock’s face as he came all over their fingers.  This easily set John off, himself, and they stood pressed closely together under the water for a few moments as they recovered.
Sherlock knew something was up.  He had observed the little signs of excitement John had been giving off; signs he was happily getting quite used to seeing since they had become intimate.  He wasn’t sure quite what he had planned though so he let John have his moment and enjoyed the heightened anticipation.  There wasn’t anything he hadn’t liked so far and he was revelling in all the new sensations to which he was being introduced.
“Well there’s the whole no-one knowing the secret thing.”  Sherlock grinned at him.  “And then after that there was someone being awfully slow on the uptake.”
I suppose I should tell you about myself.  I am 19 years old and studying Biochemistry and Forensics at the University of London.  The lectures are puerile, the professors dull and my fellow students beneath description.  I only attend for the access to their excellent lab facilities in which I perform my own experiments.
John slid his finger through all the mess they had made on Sherlock’s body.  He wrote his initials on Sherlock’s chest, just over his heart and grinned at his own silly sentimentality.  Sherlock was still in no fit state to know what was happening around him so John used some tissues to clean them both up, leaving his initials ‘til last.  Before he settled down he unfastened Sherlock’s arms and gave them a gentle massage to release the muscles which had tightened at the end there as Sherlock had completely lost it, trying to pull his hands free.
“You want to stop?”  John looked as if he was being pulled from a daze and wasn’t quite with it.  “Was I not good?”
John smiled at Sherlock’s eagerness but had to admit he wasn’t far off that himself.  He started helping undoing his buttons but stopped when Sherlock batted his hands away as their fingers kept getting tangled up in their haste.  John lifted his hands clear but on seeing Sherlock so temptingly bare-chested in front of him, he slid his palms across Sherlock’s shoulders instead.  He moved them down Sherlock’s arms and then back up his chest, circling his nipples and causing Sherlock to suck in his breath as John pressed on them both, gently squeezing the nubs between his fingertips.  The last two buttons on John’s shirts pinged across the room as Sherlock gave up on undoing them and just pulled John’s shirt open so that he could look his fill and reciprocate as quickly as possible.
The boy seemed to preen at the continued praise, as if it was unfamiliar to him; and maybe it was if the usual reaction he received was to have people telling him to piss off.
Sherlock turned John towards his friends, shouted ‘Bye’ and then continued pushing him out of the room.  John laughed and waved goodbye to his friends, shouting ‘I’ll call you soon’ as he went past.
John had gone over and over the events of that night in his head and knew he couldn’t blame it on Sherlock, well, on either of them really as they had both been dreaming, it seemed.  When he had thought back over it he knew that his reaction and instant panic had been centred around his own sexuality and had nothing to do with Sherlock.  He recalled the happy look that had been on Sherlock’s face and the evidence of a wet stain on Sherlock’s pyjamas that showed John hadn’t been the only one who had enjoyed the dream.  He had still treated his friend very badly, though, and wanted to make amends.  He wanted to be friends again; Sherlock had always been in his life and he missed him more than anything.
Sherlock opened John’s mouth and pushed the blood down his arm almost squirting it down John’s throat, trying to get him to swallow enough.  He didn’t know how much it took exactly, but he wanted John to take whatever he could.  He’d almost given up hope when he felt a light pull against his skin as John’s tongue pressed the wound.
John lifted his head and pulled out his phone which had vibrated again in his pocket, as it had been doing all day.  He counted them up.  Thirty seven unanswered text messages.  He scrolled through them, noticing the increasing signs of confusion and, by the end, desperation they contained.  The last one just said: ‘John. Please?’
When he got back, John was sitting sideways on the sofa with a brightly wrapped box on his knee and a huge grin on his face.  He shook it gently as he held it up towards Sherlock, his head on one side.  Sherlock took it then quickly gave it back to him, smiling at the look of confusion on John's face.  He went into the bedroom, where he'd noted earlier, that his own purchases had been left.  He got out the present he'd bought for John and went back into the other room.  He sat cross-legged on the sofa facing John.
“I am, John.  I’m here and you can’t believe how happy I am to be back.  I’ve been so alone without you.”
Greg got them to replay the scene a couple of times with a few variations; in where Freddie should stand to provide the best view for the audience; and whether to have him put his hand on Jasmine’s shoulder to bestow confidence and reassurance.  Sally and Anderson were both making copious notes about who was standing where; when they needed to come in; what props would be needed to be put in which positions; and everything else they could think of, so that they would be able to replicate everything when they came to rehearse this scene in more detail later on in their sessions.
John was still shaking with aftershocks as he revelled in the pull on his neck and the feel of Sherlock drinking his blood.  Sherlock licked his neck to seal the wound, cleaning all round it.  He moved up to capture John's lips in a couple of light presses as John was practically passed out already.  Sherlock got some tissues and cleaned himself and John up and then pulled the cover over them both.  He figured John deserved another kip after being out all night, followed by their more strenuous activities.  John rested his head against Sherlock's shoulder, one arm and leg stretching over his body to keep in as much contact as possible.
That didn’t mean they had been entirely innocent in the intervening time, though.  They had been learning each other’s bodies; finding sensitive spots and erogenous zones; testing the taste and texture of skin with fingers and mouths and bringing each other pleasure with delicious regularity.
“There’s nothing to do.  All the experiments I wanted to start need John’s help.  It really is too bad of him to go away.”
The next day was no better.  Sherlock did at least see John at school but he always seemed to be surrounded by his friends and said he didn’t have time to talk.  Sherlock had thought things would be better after John’s promise not to neglect him so much, but he was seeing even less of John than he had been before they’d spoken.
“Why are you on your own?  Your mum and dad have obviously just split up, but why would you come here and not your brother?”
“Your heart.  You gave it to me when you were thirteen years old and I’ve kept it with me since then.  It’s seen as much battle as I have, but still it’s remained more or less in one piece, a bit battered perhaps, but just as good as when you gave it to me.”  John looked up at the surprise still on Sherlock’s face.  He took Sherlock’s hand and squeezed it tight.  “I kept it safe for you all these years, Sherlock, and if you would accept it, I’d be happy to give you my own in exchange.  Hell, it’s already yours anyway - it has been since we were kids – but if you want to take things further then I would love to do so.  I love you, Sherlock.  Always have, always will.”
He made his way around the perimeter of the room, not wanting to spook Sherlock into leaving before he had a chance to talk to him.  He knew this wouldn’t be easy after the way he had treated his friend.  As he approached he saw that Sherlock had his head down, bent over his phone, trying to avoid eye contact with anyone.
“You can’t say that.  Why on earth would I want you to bite me?  Are you insane?  I may like danger but I don’t have a death wish.”
Sherlock reached for one of the blood bags and quickly drank it down, followed by another, rapidly getting his strength back.  He moved over to John who was now sitting up and looking dejected.
Sherlock was gruff but underneath he could feel the heat from where John's hand had pressed against his skin.  When he looked down he saw that there was a note in his lap.  He waited a few moments so as to not make it too obvious before he opened it up.
“Are you kidding me?  You know they’re down-right edible.  When I’ve felt them pressing against my neck in a morning, it’s all I can do to stop a full bodied moan of delight which I thought was likely to scare you to death.”
“You’re in a military hospital with a shoulder injury; you’ve obviously been in a war zone, in a hot country judging by the colour of your skin, so Afghanistan or Iraq, then.”
“I’d like that, yes.  In fact, I’d relish the chance to try and recoup some of my losses from the last time you walked all over me.”
“Are you saying I can’t get you so out of your head with delight that your intellect is overcome by your body’s craving for satisfaction?”
They went through all the plates with no trace of anything untoward being found, so then they moved on to the cups.  The cups were of various colours, but John couldn’t remember what colour he had had to narrow things down.  Sherlock, of course, did.
Sherlock would be staying at his family estate over the whole holidays, including the annual Holmes family party on Boxing Day, which he was dreading as usual.  He hated his family at the best of times and being inundated with even more relatives, especially his obnoxious cousins, who spent most of their time teasing him about dropping out of another school, was his idea of hell.  He wished he could take John there and show them that he had someone; that he wasn’t alone like they always said he would be.
"Plus now I have these," John let his fangs drop down, "which you are already intimately acquainted with, I think."
John kissed Sherlock again and grinned.  “Well, that took a slightly deeper turn than I was expecting.  Shall we leave the sentiment behind for a moment and focus on other things?”
Sherlock usually avoided this party, even more assiduously than the one on Boxing Day, but John persuaded him to attend this year.  When they had helped themselves at the buffet table, John encouraged Sherlock to deduce everyone who passed them, and Sherlock was surprised to note that he actually found himself enjoying the evening.  It was amazing what a difference a willing companion made.  They even found themselves roped in to joining a special treasure hunt through the maze, which had been especially lit for the occasion.  Sherlock knew all the best ways to get through and they helped any of the children who were struggling to find their way.  Sherlock also guessed where to find the best prizes, and John made sure that anybody who had, so far, not found a present, was ushered over to Sherlock to help them out.  All in all, it was a fun evening, and they retired to bed in the early hours, exhausted but happy.  John had even managed to get Sherlock in to a secluded corner of the dance floor as midnight struck, to give him a sweet kiss, and then kept him there for some dancing afterwards.
They looked at each other for a few minutes, John with a rising sense of serenity and Sherlock with what looked like a growing case of nerves.  Fortunately, John had thought this next part through with Sherlock’s nerves specifically in mind.
“No!” Sherlock’s look of horror as he sat up was hilarious.  “You can’t do that!  I’m a grown man.  And anyway, you’ll start work again soon, so you wouldn’t be able to monitor me.”
“A system.  In anger.” Sherlock’s voice had the ‘eureka’ tone in it, and John craned his neck trying to see Sherlock’s face.
Not something John had experience with, but…  Fine.  John would think about what he thought about that later.
Putting on his greatcoat, Sherlock replied, “I did. Told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult person to find a flatmate for. Now here he is just after lunch with an old friend, just home from military service in Afghanistan. Wasn’t that difficult a leap.”
“No,” John interrupted, shaking his head.  “In my dream, you’d only ever had one husband, and it was Dillon.  The last one.  The one who truly cared about Joe, who stuck by him even with the loss of their livelihood, who missed him when he had to go away.”
“You’re not dull-witted; don’t pretend to be.  My name is Sherlock; my title will be Ella.  Just as your name is John and your title is Daddy.”
John had to pause as well.  “Hm.  I don’t know.  Carole-Moriarty’s shape kept changing from Carole to Moriarty and back again, but it seemed natural for that to be the case.  Does that happen to you in dreams?  What you’re looking at keeps flipping and you just accept it.”
This case…  I’d love to write this case up proper on the regular blog, but the Queen has asked that I not.  The
“No problem,” she said.  “Just give me a mo’ to re-orient my head, and then we’ll start over.”  With a slight squint, she gave him a once-over that was much more inspection-for-appraisal than passion.  “A little old to be going into this line of work, but your kissing’s not half-bad and if that package is the size I think,” -- she nodded, and he resisted the impulse to put his hands over his bits -- “yeah, that’s quite the asset.”
“Well, yes, of course.”  John was immeasurably pleased.  He had known Sherlock loved Rosie, and now everyone and the courts would as well.
“Option five.  We go on as we have been, you adopt Rosie, and you and I share a bedroom because we’re in a romantic
, in her own rather self-involved way, to help him get out of the doldrums he’d been in since getting back from Afghanistan.
“Absolutely fine; it was just a little bug, gone in under 24 hours, but better safe than sorry when the coronavirus is about.  I should be cleared for work by next week.”
He nodded once to himself as the woman leaned in closer to speak directly in his ear.  “See the large, broad-shouldered woman in a blue dress and white pinafore standing approximately twenty feet in front of us, on the right?”  John, slightly distracted by the warm breath on the side of his face, belatedly nodded again.  “I need to know the time on the face of her watch.”
“You do know you’re the only person on the planet who’s allowed to call him that, don’t you?  But I was about to tell you that your mum was a tiger too in my dream.  She had bit the arm off one of the zoo workers.”
John tugged at his sleeve and wished Gemma hadn’t layered on the makeup quite so heavily.  There needed to be some, of course, for this costume of David Bowie from the ‘Life on Mars?’ video that his sister Harry and her friends had thrown together for him, but the caked-on foundation was making him sweat.  And he’d never attract a woman to win this stupid bet if he was sweating too much.
“No, it won’t, both because I’m determined as hell and because I’ve put up a system to make sure it doesn’t happen.”
Sherlock didn’t look up from where he was inspecting a partly finished experiment as he replied crisply, “Yes.  I choose the last option.”
John pushed aside a stab of guilt that he’d had so much leisure time while other doctors had been working.  He’d quarantined for safety, and he’d be back out in the thick of it soon.  Not the thick of it, actually; more like the suburbs of the thick of it, given he still worked at a GP surgery.  He really should look seriously at re-certifying for A&E.
snakes.  There are very, very few species of poisonous snake.  The difference?  If it bites you and you die, it’s venomous; if you bite it and you die, it’s poisonous.
He didn’t even have to fudge, because now that he could see the watch more clearly, it was a beaut.  “Smiths W10, isn’t it?”
Sherlock laid down again, and pulled at John until they were both lying on their sides facing each other.  “And we need a system, so that if you ever feel angry, you can stop things.”
By the time the statements had been taken, the t’s crossed and the i’s dotted, the last train home had long since departed, and John and Sherlock took the very last room at the local inn.  That the room had only one bed was immaterial, as Sherlock insisted he’d be up the entire night filing the details of the crime away in his cranium and John was knackered enough to sleep through the end of the world.  Barely got his boots off and bam, head to pillow, sawing logs as the Americans say.
John cleared his throat.  He hadn’t meant to tell Molly that he had a plan, for two reasons.  One, it was more of a hope than a plan, and two, things had been a bit awkward on certain subjects since the forced “I love you” exchange between Molly and Sherlock.  She seemed to have taken Sherlock’s subsequent explanation and apology gracefully, and the two of them had stayed good friends, but John could easily imagine the embarrassment the incident had caused her.
Smiling, John mentally laid down the last option like the final card played in a million-pound poker game. Although it was Sherlock’s choice, not his, this option was the one that he really wanted.
“As for the rest of who she was, what she did…  I think I need to leave her in the past.  She’s someone who used to be my wife, not my wife who used to, um, be.  Which is what I’ve been thinking of her as.”  He held up his left hand in front of Rosie.  “See?”
“When it involves vigorous activity or shooting your gun off, you are exceptional.”  Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and pulled him up the stairs.
He thought for a moment about turning around, walking back down the stairs, and heading to his local for a whiskey or two (or one hundred and twenty-seven), but then Sherlock came into the lounge and rousted the youths out.  Each left with a quiet thank-you sent Sherlock’s way and a clear bag with several naked bananas in it.
Mike’s continued scepticism was highly annoying, so John turned toward Sherlock.  “Would you just show him?  Please.”
The peels had all been tossed into a sparkling clean rubbish bin, which Sherlock immediately whisked away, leaving John to appreciate the sudden clearing of his flat and to sink into his armchair.
,” John insisted, gesturing toward the man, Sherlock.  “His whole…”  Unable to think of the right word, he waved his hands in a vaguely body-shaped pattern. “His whole everything was different.”
There was a longer kiss after that which severely tempted John to drag Sherlock back into the bed and reprise the previous night’s activities.
The video on John’s laptop froze for a second.  When it started again, Lestrade was rubbing his forehead. “The dream sounds much more interesting,” he said.
“So poor Mrs. Hudson will have Rosie full-time?  I’d offer to help, but we really are quite slammed in the morgue.”
“And you also pissed me off to try to distract me from the question of whether you're sure you want a sexual relationship.”
Smiling, John swiped his left thumb across Sherlock’s cheekbone.  “That’s a sweet gesture.  But  it’s
Sherlock’s smile lifted his cheeks, shifting the bruise forming under his left eye.  “Possessive of you.”
“Don’t downplay, Molly; your help was really valuable.  I didn’t thank you enough before, being rather stuck on myself, so I’m going to, ah, keep thanking you now.”
“Despite how --”  He couldn’t think of the proper adjective for the brothers’ relationship. “Despite how Sherlock can get, and how Mycroft can get, I know that deep down they do love each other.  Maybe even more than me and Harry.”  He thought for a moment.  “Nope, definitely more than me and Harry.  But that’s a story for another day.”
John Watson has made a bloody fool of himself, again, and the blame can be laid at the door of Sherlock Holmes, again.
“And about me,” Sherlock continued, “you have more than a modicum of information as well.  For example, you know I’m a man.”
John laughed.  “The bloke with cool prosthetic legs, yeah.  In the dream, you had a set of legs with wheels on the end instead of feet, and Sherlock would get cross every time you’d pass him while chasing a suspect.”
She invited him to sit next to her on the sofa instead, and ok, not typical, but, well, important to make the client feel comfortable, so he went and sat.
Sherlock pushed up, his hands to either side of John’s head, and looked down at John.  “Those are the two important phrases to the solution.”
Not a surprise.  John knew full well that Sherlock would generally be in one of two moods after a case:  torpor or frenzy.  Torpor John could stand to have in the flat for a bit (he’d just walk around the lump), but frenzy he would often push right out the door, with a suggestion to go visit Bart’s or NSY or the guy with the dog John could never the remember the name of.  The guy, he could never remember the name of.  The dog, over whom Sherlock has waxed rhapsodic many, many times, is Toby.
“Ah,” replied John.  “That does all point to an excellent shag.  But the feelings and commitment bit before then?”
Why it was easier lying down in the dark in their bed under a canopy of blankets pulled up over their heads, John has no idea, but it was, and they got quite quickly to the point, which was:
“The one who was swept off his feet from the very beginning, dazzled by the man’s charisma and energy, and never stopped being charmed by someone others could find abrasive and over the top.”
, and the image of that animal kid with glasses drunkenly hitting on a sex worker is one I do not want in my brain, ta very much.)
Shaking his head, John snorted.  “I’m not.”  Typical Harry, and then to dare him to kiss a woman, knowing he’d likely get kicked out on his arse…  No telling how Clara had been able to put up with her for so long.
“Correct.”  Sherlock’s head tilted in acceptance.  “Except, of course, for those times when I don’t talk for days on end.”
Sherlock gave the closest thing he could to a hug in the positions they were both in; John kissed Sherlock’s head.  More than once.
John and Sherlock both groaned the groan of the interrupted lover and began gathering the clothes scattered around the room.  John put his on; Sherlock dumped his onto the bed and grabbed a dressing gown to wear instead.
John shifted in his chair.  He’d meant this call to focus on the dream, but this was an opening he needed to take.   “I know you are.  I’m still amazed you were able to help me so often when Rosie was younger.  I, um, can’t tell you how much I appreciate it.”
“No, but a few of the living did.”  Smiling, Sherlock held up his phone.  “I’ve received some texts today.  You’ve given more than one person a bit of entertainment today by relating your dream.  I believe you’re a born storyteller.”
They finished the conversation with Jaffa Cakes and an argument over whose turn it was to clean the bathroom.
“Ah, you do recall,” the man replied from his spot across the lab.  “I was becoming dismayed that my initial take on you as a resourceful and moderately intelligent woman was incorrect.”
John moved the nurse doll down to aid the doll in the three-piece suit with the dislocated shoulder and hip.  “Uncle Mycroft, too.”
Sherlock scratched, none too gently, behind John’s ear.  “You don’t need a brand, John; you’re already mine.  But, yes, if you agree, I will brand you.”
friends, you said, and I was stunned to find that although I do not, as you know, do relationships, I am capable of love.  When it’s you.”
John laughed.  “Pretty much.  You were a veterinarian in the dream.  Sherlock relied on you to provide good medical care for the animals.  You were crucial to the zoo, and he trusted you immensely.”
“Yes.  A mid-30s newly invalided soldier, bar, suit, makeup, wig, with an anticipatory expression that wavers between hopeful and sceptical.  This is an experience the soldier hasn’t tried before.  Given the soldier’s age, it’s unlikely that it’s being in a bar that’s the new experience, and confident handling of both a surly bartender and a pint of beer confirm that that’s not it.  It could be the experience of approaching women to, er, pull, once again unlikely due to age, but a short conversation with yours truly puts the lie to that.  So we go back to the makeup, wig, and women’s suit, all of which the soldier is clearly unused to wearing… until a mission is tendered, at which time the soldier relaxes into her true self and performs admirably.”
John sat, and stared, and failed to organize his thoughts in any comprehensible order until finally a question occurred and he shouted across the flat to Sherlock:  “Wait, Baron Chakrabarti?  The Chancellor of the Exchequer is one of your trustees?”
4 - Only marginally less boring than a three.  When John insists I take one of these cases, the client is charged one-and-a-half.
Those bananas from the other day?  Sherlock didn’t get them, as you might logically assume, to take care of a severe potassium deficiency.  No.  He got them because he thought John wanted chocolate cake.  Metaphorically.
This was all very… Sherlock, so John shoved down his feelings of chagrin about the dream, smiled at the compliment from his friend, and changed the subject.  “The dream last night was a new one.  It was about--”
Mrs. Hudson broke into a smile almost as big as John’s when the voice continued.  “Ahem.  Sherlock and I are hungry so please come upstairs soon.  Bring as many sweet things as you can because we like those best.”
John was not going to do this, move in with someone he didn’t have a thing in common with.  It was mad, absolutely barmy.
“I had the weirdest dream last night,” John said first thing in the morning, stretching to get a few sleep kinks out.
Amused, John added, “And ten seconds,” knowing full well that that wasn’t what Mike was asking about.
“Not much, but I’ve put together the probable plot of your dream based on my knowledge of your thinking process, such as it is, and the throughline of the original documentary.”
John dropped his arm and placed his water glass firmly on the table.  “Are you trying to piss me off?”
It’s just, you see, that the rent is due today and once again Sherlock has managed to piss off without giving John his half, and John can’t cover it by himself -- Mrs. H is giving them a marvelous discount, but it is central London after all.
, Sherlock.  Do you even know what the word ‘partner’ means?  It doesn’t mean haring off on your own, running heedlessly into something that could get you killed!”
“Got my eye on a nice little place in central London. Together we ought to be able to afford it.”  He walked toward John and continued, “We’ll meet there tomorrow evening; seven o’clock. Sorry – gotta dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary.”  Putting his mobile in his coat, he walked past John toward the door.
You have been found.  You are safe – well, you will be soon.  Mycroft found you.  I’ll never hate him again.
I don’t know how well I would fare in such heat myself; I have dark hair and very pale skin, but I am a master at disguises so I’m sure I would be able to blend in as necessary.
"That's really not necessary, John.  The skull that I have already received was excellent, and will suffice for both occasions."
Sherlock went upstairs, testing the eighth step on his way – yes, still squeaked – it was nice to see some things never changed.  When he opened the door to the flat it seemed that the step wasn’t the only thing that had not changed.  The living room was clearly much tidier than when he was in residence, but there were still plenty of his possessions dotted around.  The papers had all been removed – hopefully not destroyed – no; it seemed likely that they were contained in those new box files that occupied the bottom shelf in the corner.  The skull was still in pride of place on the mantle, the Cluedo board was on the wall behind the mirror and the cow skull still wore its headphones.  Even the smiley face was still there, grinning down at him.  He instantly felt at home and released some tension that he hadn’t been aware he was carrying across his shoulders as he happily realised that his presence was still strongly felt within these walls.
“Hey, what’s the matter?  Don’t tell me that blow job was bad, I had you coming in under three minutes.”
“You know what this means?  We have a whole evening to ourselves.  Would you like to come up and see my etchings?”
"We don't usually have quite so many staff, don't let it overwhelm you.  Mummy always hires in extra help over Christmas, when we have the party and family staying over afterwards."
These were clearly the practise rooms and in the second one he passed he saw a group of girls singing, one accompanying them on the piano.  Further up on the opposite side he saw a couple with woodwind instruments following along to some sheet music.  He had once dabbled with the clarinet himself but had soon settled on his preferred instrument of guitar.  He’d brought it to University with him and would often strum quietly to himself in his room.  If he wanted to play properly he went up on the roof so that he wouldn’t disturb any of his neighbours inside.  He hadn’t really thought about coming here to the music building but it was clear that could have provided another option for him.  He might have looked in to it further if he hadn’t seen where the caretaker kept the key to the roof access and, since then, made use of it on several occasions.
We were given the choice of either writing a letter to a soldier or participating in an extra session of group therapy per week.  As must be obvious to you (at least I would hope so), you were the lesser of two evils – barely, it must be admitted, but the thought of enduring even one additional session of listening to people whine and moan for two whole hours could not be borne.
“Let me have a look at you; have you been overdoing things?  Have you had any flashing lights or visual disturbances?”
Gareth told him during their next class that his friend, John, had seen him there and wanted to meet him for a coffee.  Clearly the man hadn't been close enough to hear what Sherlock had been saying or he would have been put off instantly, as was everyone else.  He had reluctantly agreed to meet him, though, if only to stop the constant whining from George at every subsequent lesson.
John pushed twice more inside Greg and came deeply, pushing Greg forward into Sherlock once more, brushing their cocks together.  Sherlock used the extra lubrication on his hands and brought himself off as he and John took a couple more draughts from Greg then licked his neck and sealed his wounds.  They collapsed back on the bed on either side of Greg, catching unnecessary, but somehow still needed, breaths.
"My turn now, then.  Come over here."  Sherlock spun his legs around and sat straight, pulling John over so that he was straddling his hips.  He liked this position because he always felt completely surrounded by John, and he knew that John liked the chance to be taller and lean down to kiss Sherlock, so it was a win-win.
He considered Sherlock his best friend.  They got on well in all things and John always understood what Sherlock meant even though he wasn’t the most articulate about expressing his feelings.  He was also adept at reading the deeper meaning in Sherlock’s comments and found himself able to ignore the bluntness of his friend’s manner which was so off-putting to others.  It wasn’t often that he found himself at odds with Sherlock and he didn’t like that he hadn’t seen so much of him recently.  He would really have to try to put more effort in to spending time with Sherlock as well as Mary.  He’d been missing his friend and had been looking forward to being just the two of them tonight.  Time to make up for his earlier distraction.
“Don’t let me disrupt your work, Sherlock.  You don’t have to stay here keeping me company if you need to go and speak to the police.”
Sherlock climbed on to his bed and got himself comfy next to John.  They had been doing this since they were very young – lying in bed together to read - and it had never seemed necessary to either of them to stop.  John sat up against the headboard and Sherlock lay with his head resting against John’s hip.
John’s mouth fell open as the words registered.  He was being offered Sherlock on a platter.  There was no question about his decision.  He didn’t even need to say anything; he just took hold of Sherlock’s hand and starting dragging him back towards Baker Street, looking over his shoulder every few steps as if to make sure that Sherlock was still there.
Oh, no!  It must be someone who didn’t know Sherlock was …   He stopped there, he didn’t even like to think that word.  He wondered why they were texting Sherlock on this old phone and not his own.  Well, it wouldn’t hurt now; he might as well see from whom they originated.  Maybe he could at least pass on the message to them about what had happened.
Sherlock looked a bit stumped; he’d never had anyone want to join him before.  Everybody else he met at the park always ignored him or tried to hit him when he told them things about themselves that they didn’t want to hear; but this boy had just told him he was brilliant and wanted to do things with him.  He supposed it wouldn’t hurt to have some help gathering samples, at least.
“I’ve never been around a newly created vampire before.  It’s been a learning curve for both of us.”
He decided to go to John’s house to see if he could catch him there.  John’s father opened the door but he told Sherlock that John was out with some friends that evening and wouldn’t be home until late so there was no point him waiting.  John hadn’t said anything to him about going out that night and he was sure he had seen the curtain moving in John’s room as he turned away but there was no way he could force his way in so he left.
“I… You…” Sherlock shook his head, not knowing where to begin.  John squeezed the hand he still held and Sherlock tried again.
He rubbed his thumb down John’s cheek and across his lower lip, smiling as John’s lips tried to follow the movement and capture the digit.  Sherlock did it a few more times, watching John’s face as he seemed to come further awake with each touch, his eyelashes fluttering as they struggled to open.
Sherlock swirled John round again.  “Do you see the couple now behind my left shoulder?  She is the wife of General Harmon, whom you can see over to my right just getting a drink of punch for his secretary standing beside him.  His wife has decided to get her own back for her husband’s blatant affair by getting him fired for selling military secrets, which she herself has just passed to the foreign agent with whom she is currently dancing.  Mycroft is going to confront the wife and I am about to follow Jenkins when he leaves to take those plans back to his bosses.”
“Yes, hello.  Pleased to meet you, Mrs Holmes.  Dad was unpacking so he said I could go and find the park and I met Sherlock and now we’re doing experiments.”
“It wouldn’t kill you, John.  A vampire’s bite releases endorphins into your pleasure centres and can heighten sexual enjoyment a hundredfold.”
He reached one arm down between their bodies and circled their shafts, rubbing them together and running his thumb over both their slits on each upstroke.  Sherlock was the first to fall; all the teasing was finally too much for him and he shouted John’s name as his release shot up on to his chest.  John following soon after; loving the expression of bliss on Sherlock’s face as he lay there, only semi-conscious.
Sherlock shook his head to try and clear it and eventually asked another question.  John took a little longer to focus enough to answer, but he did get it right.  He trailed his finger down the centre of Sherlock’s chest, circling the belly button and then following down the thin line of hair to stop at the waistband of Sherlock’s boxers.  Sherlock nodded and John kissed in the centre of Sherlock’s chest and traced the line his finger had just made with his tongue and lips, alternating each and peppering in little kisses and bites on his way down.
“Wait… what?  How did you know that?  The agency obviously knew I was a detective but they didn’t know anything about John; how did you?”
“Okay, Billy.  I think you’d better give me the address and I’ll see if I can sort it or get a hold of him myself.  I’ll give you my number too and if you hear anything from him, will you let me know?”
“Of course, I’d be happy to put myself into your hands at a future date.  As long as rules were put in place about me not becoming an experiment.”
John laughed.  “No, I really wouldn’t.  We always had great fun when we went out.  Let’s hope tonight is just as good.”
“Lie down here with your head in my lap then you can stretch out properly.  I know you like to get comfy when you’re deriding my film choices.”
They followed the course of the stream and soon found themselves gravitating towards each other as they had been doing all week.  Sherlock reached out to hold John’s hand, tentatively at first, until he saw the broad answering grin on John’s face, then more boldly, squeezing the fingers in his own.  John nudged him with his shoulder and grinned as he held on tight to stop Sherlock stumbling in surprise.
John’s eyes fluttered, just on the edge of waking, and the first thing he became aware of was the big smile on his face.  He opened his eyes and just gazed at the ceiling, the grin growing wider as he thought back to what was producing that moment of happiness.  He had kissed a boy last night.  And not just any boy but the enigmatic new boy who sat right in front of him in form room.
Sherlock also used the time to do some serious research about everything he could do or have done to him and had already declared that he needed to try absolutely everything.  Purely in the interest of scientific research, of course.  His willingness to try these new activities had nothing to do with the way John could make his pulse race and his stomach writhe with a mere look.
John smiled back shyly and gestured to Sherlock’s neck.  “Sorry about that.  I don’t know quite how I managed that.”
John’s thoughts were patently obvious to Sherlock as soon as he walked through the door and he couldn’t be happier.  John’s jaw dropped and his eyes scooted from one area to another, widening more each time.  He took in the large TV and sound system with a comfy couch in front of it in one corner of the room, and an entire wall of books alongside it with a wing back chair, obviously meant for reading, placed next to an enormous fireplace.  On the other side, there was a writing desk and chair, with a charming view out towards the lake through the picture window and, set up in the corner, was what looked like a fully equipped chemistry worktable, with far more equipment than they had in the school labs, and its own extractor fan fixed into the wall above it.
That only left the three main members of the production team.  Greg, of course, he knew quite well from hanging around with John and he could tell that all Greg was interested in was the play.  He also knew Sally from seeing her watching the rugby as she was Greg's friend.  She seemed basically acceptable, although she could just as easily be annoying when she wanted to.  He would have to hope that seeing more of her didn't increase the annoyance to unacceptable levels.  He had thankfully found that having John around seemed to increase his tolerance slightly.  He didn't like to disappoint him so he found he focused more on John and tried to ignore other distractions when he could.
“Because I wanted to see you.  I missed having fun and I know you, you must be bored out of your head by now with nothing to do.”
“I hardly ever slept over with them, you know that.  In fact I very rarely even spent a whole evening with them without interruptions so I wouldn’t know.  Anyway that point isn’t really relevant any more so it doesn’t matter.”
Sherlock loved pirates and swashbuckling adventure books and he had a wide selection that he and John had been repeatedly reading their way through since these sleepovers had first started.  Treasure Island was a favourite for them both and they each found it very comforting listening to the other read so they took turns to read a few chapters each week before they fell asleep.  John hoped that having some of that read to him would settle Sherlock down a bit after his emotional performance.
Sherlock felt himself smiling, relaxing a little, as he took a bite of his next scone.  John cut his open and slathered it with jam.  He held half of it out to Sherlock.
When they went in Mike and Molly took their seats in the back row on the left so John and Sherlock sat in the back row on the opposite side at the far end of the row.
“I think we’ll call it a night now, so thank you all for coming.  If you’d all like to collect a script from Sally on your way out, and if possible have a look at it before Sunday, we should be able to start straight in with a full table read with all the characters.  If any of the backstage team have any ideas of particular props, scenery or costumes etc that you think would enhance the performance then jot anything down, too.  We’ll go through those at the end of the read-through so that we’ve got some kind of idea of how we want to proceed.  Okay, thanks guys, that’s great.  See you all here at 3 o’clock sharp.”  The last part was shouted as everyone was shuffling towards the door and getting their scripts from Sally.
“Only you would find swabbing used plates thrilling?”  Sherlock’s face dropped so John added, “No, that’s a lie; I’m finding the investigation exciting, too.  It’s great to see you so happy and completely in your element.”
“Are you kidding me?  So not only are you distantly related to Dracula himself but you also part own his castle.  This is unbelievable.”
“Hard?  You think that was hard?  I saw you die, Sherlock, that’s what you call bloody hard!  Having to live without you all this time, that was hard!”
“It was in one of those trashy books my sister reads.  It was all I had to read on one of our train journeys up to Scotland.  The sentiment holds true though – would you like to go up to my room and we can finally do a bit more than just kissing.  Not that I object to the kissing part, of course, because kissing you is the most amazing thing, but still…”
They had all been keeping a clear watch on the goings on since the chandelier incident.  Sherlock had been the mainstay as he was only needed very briefly at the beginning of the rehearsal.  He could use the excuse of checking props to be everywhere backstage, keeping an eye on everything that was happening.  John was also with him as much as he could be, when he wasn’t needed on stage.  Greg was obviously busy keeping things running, but he tried to keep more of a general eye on everyone’s positions on stage, as well, just to make sure there was nothing untoward happening.
Obviously John wasn’t as accepting of this as Sherlock.  Maybe he was just in shock?  He’d be okay later at school.
“John, look, this is coming up with components of a foreign substance.  Wait while I break it down further.  There are trace elements of benzyl alcohol, ethanol and propylene glycol, which I happen to know, combine to make a benzodiazepine anxiolytic; the most common form of which is Diazepam.  These drugs are used to combat severe anxiety and stress related symptoms, also for status epilepticus and febrile convulsions.”
Sherlock snorted then winced as it hurt his nose.  He peered up at John through the tiniest space in his eyelids.
John bit his tongue to avoid snapping back.  There was nothing he hated more than a bad winner and he knew Moran would be gloating for ages on the back of a win like that.
“I said to John, after the interval, that something wasn’t right, but I couldn’t think what I’d seen to make me wary.  Then I realised I hadn’t seen anything; it was actually what I’d heard that had been wrong.  More specifically, it was the sound of a live bullet being fired from the gun earlier, as opposed to the usual noise of a blank.  I knew I had to stop them before that next bullet was fired, which was why I dashed on stage with that ridiculous story of a police officer checking the gun.  In the circumstances, I thought that was more important than letting anything worse happen.  Luckily, John knew I’d been worried about something, and he stepped in quickly to cover and help everyone pull it back together, which they all did superbly.”
John burst out laughing.  The boy grinned back at him, seemingly astounded to have achieved such a reaction and to be a part of the laughter instead of the target.
John looked at Sherlock again and nodded his head once.   Even after all this time he could still tell when Sherlock was faking it and there were no signs of that now.  John leant forward and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s own.  They both took a moment to relish the closeness to the other; realising that what they had both been wishing for could actually come true.
"Oh I understand.  I just think you might have some more apologising to do when you actually see him face to face."
"That's brilliant; thank you very much, Mr Johnson.  We'll be exceedingly careful with our methods and the machinery, and we'll tidy up properly after ourselves, of course, and leave everything ready for your afternoon classes."
“Come now, John.  Don’t be coy.  I know that you have received your call-up papers and you are going to ask Sherlock to wait for you.  Do you really think that is fair?”
"I have ridden a bit, yes.  There's a farm near to my grandparents with horses.  I used to go over to help them muck out and exercise the horses, to earn some extra money, so I hope I'll be able to keep up."  John winked at him.  "You have an indoor pool?"
John pulled Sherlock over to lay his head on John’s shoulder with his leg and arm resting comfortably across John’s body.  “Now lie there quietly with me, at least until I drop off, even if you aren’t going to sleep right now yourself; though it has been three days for you too so you really have no excuse.”
He’d obviously zoned out of what was happening to him for a while as the next thing he knew, his captor was standing over him again, pulling his head back by his hair and grinning as he pushed a needle into John’s neck, emptying a syringe of who knew what into his system.
“Hmm?  I guess so.  I just don’t understand why she won’t accept that it wasn’t an insult, it was just a joke.”
Sherlock felt John’s fingers in his hair, pulling him up to the head of his cock and he knew exactly what he wanted to do.  He wanted to take the whole thing in his mouth.  He’d seen it on some of those porn sites that showed up when he looked through the browser history on John’s laptop.  The face the guy had made when the girl had taken the shaft straight down had looked amazing and he wanted to see that expression on John – even his dream version.
“He will come back and will be intrigued by the orgasm he received on being bitten and, as you did yourself, he will want to try it again.  So we have to ask whether we want to include him in our dynamic in some way?”
“That’s certainly true in Anderson’s case, but that wasn’t what I was referring to.  John, I…  There’s something I need to tell you.  It’s something I’ve never told anyone before and I need you to not freak out.”
“Thank you for your concern, Sergeant Donovan, but it was only a flesh wound and I am quite capable of dealing with that for John.  He just needs some peace and quiet to get over the shock.”
Everyone arrived early, eager to get back into the rehearsals, as they only had eleven weeks until the actual performances.  They were scheduled for the three days before the end of that term, so that parents could stay overnight locally, if they wished, and then take their children home with them for the Easter holidays.
Sherlock moved on to his final weapon of choice - his teeth.  He nibbled around the edges and John definitely reacted more when Sherlock nibbled the normal skin surrounding the scar than he did from the actual scar tissue itself.  He stared at John's body for a while longer.  Did he dare bite it properly with his fangs as opposed to his ordinary teeth?  It would be interesting to feel how deeply the scar tissue penetrated, but did that outweigh what would be John's obvious reaction?  Hmmm; he decided it did, so he let his fangs extend, licked the skin to decide on the optimum place and sank his fangs into John's shoulder.
“And a very lovely arse it is too.”  John smiled at him as Sherlock sent the message.  “Now why don’t you bring it over here and make good use of it.”
John started moving again, brushing Sherlock’s prostate on every pass.  It didn’t take them long to get back to the precipice.  Sherlock took hold of his cock and started stroking in time with John’s movements.  He raised his other arm to John and nodded at the slightly worried look that greeted him.  When John felt as if he was just about to come, he bit into Sherlock’s wrist and - Holy Hell - that felt amazing.  He pulsed his release into Sherlock’s body as he sucked the blood out of his wrist.  He felt Sherlock shivering around his shaft as he also came at the sensation of John sucking his blood.
Sherlock’s mother had always seemed to accept John, happy that Sherlock had found a friend.  All Sherlock ever said about his father was that he was very strict and he was as happy to avoid him as was John.  No doubt Mr Holmes had been pleased enough when Sherlock was younger to have someone to distract him so that he didn’t cause noise and disturbances around the house as he had done previously.  Now that Sherlock was nearing adulthood, though, it seemed that John was surplus to requirements.  He sat in Mycroft’s study, feet together, hands in his lap, staring down as he twisted his fingers together, thinking back to when it all began.
“Problem, Sherlock?”  John strengthened his stance to try and keep Sherlock still and did it again, sliding the feather from one side over to the over, dipping into Sherlock’s belly button on the way across.  Sherlock squealed and squirmed.
“I really think I would eventually.  Even though it was a lot to accept when I first found out, I love Sherlock and that’s what it comes down to.  I would do and have done anything to protect him and I know that he feels the same so I can understand why he couldn't just let me die.  He’s very protective of what’s his. You mean a lot to both of us, Greg.   There are very few people who ever get lucky enough to be in his inner circle and you’re one of them; along with me, Mrs Hudson and Mycroft – though you’d have to drag that truth out of Sherlock kicking and screaming.”
Marcus and Rebecca had been sitting together to the left of the stage, watching all the action avidly.  They’d been too busy picking up all the cues, in case they were called on to fill any of the roles, so they would be able to slot in easily without too much extra rehearsal being necessary.  They had seemed quite absorbed in what was going on, so Sherlock doubted that they had been waiting for the chandelier to fall - he couldn't rule them out, though, as both of them possibly stood to gain by an injury to a cast member.
Sherlock kept John held in place with one hand, whilst he traced the contours of his body with the other.  Whilst he distracted John by following the line of hair down his chest, he leant forward and bit down on one nipple.  This caused John to shout out and push his chest up towards Sherlock, instantly wanting more.  Sherlock quite enjoyed keeping John off balance like this, with him being unable to see or retaliate.  He left a few more bites and kisses, choosing unusual places so that John wouldn’t be expecting it.  He took it one step too far, it seemed, when he went to suck the underarm, which was starkly exposed in this position, with John’s arms trapped above his head.  John was too ticklish to just lie still and accept that, and his arm reflexively shot downwards, catching the side of Sherlock’s head as he tried to stop the tickling.  Sherlock fell back, groaning, as he held his head where John had elbowed him.  John sat up and pulled the t-shirt off, quickly soothing his friend and leaning in to kiss his head better.
John gripped Sherlock’s shoulders whilst he groaned and he ground his pelvis down against Sherlock’s groin, making him moan just as much.  Sherlock pulled John’s body tightly against his own and they rubbed against one another as they pushed their groins together.  Sherlock had never felt anything so wonderful.  Obviously he had wanked off, he wasn’t a nun; but it had never felt as intense as this did.  Sherlock didn’t know what he needed, but he knew there was something more.
“It really was necessary, unfortunately.  I had to keep you safe, John, and for that my death had to be convincing and I’m afraid the burden for that fell upon you.”  He paused for a moment and his eyes dropped to the bed sheets before rising back up to look at John from under his lashes.  “It was important to me that I had something for which to come back.”
“You should consider yourself lucky, is what you should do.  You’ve seen me in action, Watson; you know for sure that I wouldn’t have missed.”
John slid off his chair onto his knees and shuffled across to Sherlock who opened his legs so John could nestle comfortably between.  John raised his hand and traced his index finger across Sherlock’s lips.  Sherlock seemed a bit unsure and was still for a moment then he snapped his jaw forward and lightly grabbed hold of John’s finger with his teeth.  It made John jump, snatch back his hand and set them both off laughing which relaxed the atmosphere noticeably.
"Of course, John.  I am sorry.  Maybe there is something else I could do to help you relax."  Sherlock stroked his arm down John's side and watched as John's breath hitched and his pupils dilated, even though Sherlock could still see the tiredness underlying.  "Why don't you lie back down and let me do this for you then you can just fall back asleep?"
“Mike, would you, Molly and Sherlock mind coming with me down to the rugby pitch, I just want to have a look at it and see if it’ll be ok for practise tomorrow?  What with all that rain we’ve had this weekend I don’t want to churn it up too much if it’s too muddy before our game against St Giles on Saturday.”
Once he has happy that Sherlock hadn’t done himself any damage John pulled the cover up over them and settled himself against Sherlock’s side, one leg and arm slung over his body, his head pillowed on Sherlock’s shoulder and allowed them both to relax and come back to themselves in their own time.  John was happy for Sherlock to take as long as he needed.  His point had been proved and he would relish reminding Sherlock of it on every occasion.  If Sherlock’s reactions had been anything to go by, however, he knew he wouldn’t really mind.  John also knew he wouldn’t have long to wait until his lover was desperate for them to try it again.  It was something John greatly looked forward to and he knew he would happily spend the rest of his life experimenting with this wonderful man.
“I would like to see the tree please.”  John defused the situation by taking Sherlock’s arm and leading him across the room to the large tree beside the fireplace.  “So let me guess which you made?  There's nothing amateurish here which, of course, I wouldn't expect there to be if you made it.”
“Whilst this is all fascinating, can we just get to the part where we offer Lestrade sex, now and just get on with the threesome and the biting.”
“No, we couldn’t!  We’d never get away with that.  I suppose we could check with the Nurse to see if she has anything missing from her supplies, or if anyone has been prescribed any such pills?”
“You had an orange cup for your first drink and a blue one for your second, so let’s do those first.”
John joined Sherlock in a soft chuckle, knowing that there was nothing Sherlock liked more than something which captured his attention in such an all-encompassing manner.  He was more than happy to provide a focus for Sherlock’s interest, in fact, he could think of nothing better than to have the force of that mighty brain pointed directly at him.
“We haven’t attempted simultaneous reciprocation of both oral and manual penile stimulation with femoral puncture and depletion.”
Sherlock’s fingers froze on the screen for a moment as he instantly recognised that voice which he knew so well.
“You bet.”  John leapt off the bed and quickly stripped down to his pants - bright red ones Sherlock was delighted to see - and sat back on the edge of the bed nearer to Sherlock.
“I have no doubts about your skills, John, and now that you are in full control of your faculties again, I look forward to seeing what has kept the people of three continents enthralled all these years.”
Greg was soon back with his dad, who arrived at the same time as the headmistress.  Before they went any further Mr Lestrade asked for Julian’s parents to be brought over as well, to be present during the questioning.
When they’d finished the run-through of the whole play, they all gathered round Greg for his analysis.  He and Sally had been scribbling away, making notes throughout, so they knew exactly where they still needed support.
“I suppose I could be talked into that.  I do enjoy being skilled in all areas so I’m sure that knowledge would come in useful if I ever needed to know the workings of a theatre.”
Sherlock decided a few moments were quite enough and leaned forward and took Greg’s cock deeply down his throat.  Greg’s reaction was to tense his muscles, especially those of his arse and John let out a low groan as his cock was squeezed tightly.  He pulled out and pushed in hard, pushing Greg’s shaft deeper into Sherlock’s throat. They set up a rolling rhythm where Greg tried to keep hold of John every time he pulled almost out and Sherlock licked the head of his cock and then when John thrust hard back into him, Greg in turn, pushed deeply into Sherlock’s mouth, loving the feel of being surrounded by these two amazing men.
After a few more kisses and bites along John's neck and shoulder - all below his collar level for discretion, of course - Sherlock decided to up the ante.
"That is the truth, Greg.  My wounds were fatal and Sherlock decided he couldn't live without me so he turned me into a vampire and I've been spending the last seven weeks learning how to control my new abilities.  Here, watch this."
Sherlock sat up, interested.  He had, of course, suspected one of the lab techs had been involved but their alibis had all checked out. He hadn’t had a chance to interrogate them himself yet, as he’d been too busy looking for John.  He’d been forced to wait for Lestrade or, more likely, Mycroft to get back to him with the information but if John knew something that could speed things up, it would be very helpful.
He liked it up there on top of his building.  It gave a great view over the campus and he could have time to himself to sit and compose whenever he felt like it.  None of his friends knew it, but he had quite a repertoire of his own songs.  He had a little book which he always carried with him and he would often write down a phrase that appealed to him or a few notes that he felt might lead somewhere, and then play around with them later when he was on his own.
“Sherlock, don’t be rude,” Mycroft butted in before Sherlock could go in to further details.  “You do your uniform proud, Gregory.  Ignore Sherlock.  I know he would be delighted to assist you in any way and I will liaise with your Department about getting him enrolled as an official consultant to enable you to call him when necessary without fear of complications.”
“I think it’s only fair, don’t you?  You do seem to spend an inordinate amount of time watching me.”
Sherlock turned on the laptop, smirking as he guessed the password to be WelcomeHomeLittleBrother.  He quickly changed it to something more suitable and plugged in the memory stick.  When he opened the single folder he was excited to see it contained a whole screen full of numbered sound files.  A plethora of insights into John’s feelings – this would be good.
It had taken Sherlock far longer to close down Moriarty’s criminal empire than he had anticipated.  He had thought it would take him a few months at most to track down the three assassins and put an end to Moriarty’s activities.  When he’d investigated further, however, he found the network was considerably more widespread and it had now been almost two years since he left London.
“The reason I pull away from you in a morning is because I want to be with you so much that lying with you like that gives me a raging erection and I have to go and have a shower to get rid of it before I’m fit to be seen.”
“I don’t think I’d like having to do all that ridiculous paperwork we just had to fill in, but I did enjoy solving the mystery part of the problem.  Maybe I could just do that side of it; be some sort of consultant that helps the police when they get stuck.”
"I'm only joking, darling.  In truth, Maddie, it would be a relief to me to have someone there; Sherlock does get so bored on his own all the time."
The chandelier had also been returned to them fully re-wired.  They had only had to move round a few of the crystals to keep a symmetrical pattern, and it didn’t show any sign of the slight damage it had received.  They had hung it on the main stage and, when it was all plugged in to Stacey’s light board, it worked perfectly.  Sherlock made a point of climbing a ladder before each rehearsal to make sure that nothing had been tampered with, and that everything was perfectly safe for the cast to begin.
I have to tell you that after we rang off I had an incoming phone call which was a bit bizarre.  A very posh British voice asked me if he should be expecting a happy announcement very soon and what my intentions towards you were.  I asked what business it was of his and he said he worried about you – constantly!  Do you know who he was – is something going on that I should be worried about?  I didn’t tell him anything about you, obviously, but if you’re in some kind of trouble I’d be happy to help.  He knew that we were getting a flat together and everything.  Let me know if there is anything I can do.
Julian pulled a smile on his face but it didn’t look very genuine to John.  “Yes, the after piste is almost as much fun as the skiing.”
Over the next few days John found himself eating a little more of what Mrs Hudson put in front of him, and he even put the kettle on himself once to make a cup of tea.  Of course, he completely ruined it by making two cups and it was only when he was putting in the sugar for Sherlock’s tea that he realised what he’d done.  He quickly poured both drinks down the drain and dropped the cups in the sink, not wanting to even acknowledge what he had done.  He went back to the sofa and sat down, his thirst disappearing with his despair; though he did press his hand against his shirt pocket feeling the secure location of the letter that had never left his side since its discovery.
The weather continued to be bad throughout night and, though Martin managed to get some sleep through all the noise, Sherlock remained mostly awake.  His situational awareness during his time away had heightened his already intense senses and this led to him catching only occasional cat naps whilst remaining seated.
Sherlock blushed at John’s compliment.  The differing attitude John had with regards to his deductions really didn’t get old.  He could see himself wanting to hear it always.
“You know I have never been bothered by them and I have managed to draw you out of them in the past successfully, including two nights ago at the hospital which was the last one I witnessed.”
John had returned back to England after his first stage of recovery in the base hospital as the doctors had deemed that, with his injury, he would be unable to perform the delicate surgeries necessary on a military base.  Thus, he had been invalided out of the service and wound up where he found himself now, in a lonely, little bedsit in a block of army accommodation, pondering his future and staring at the invitation in his hand.
Sherlock stopped at that stage, looking down at his nails as he waited for the inevitable screech of the chair pushing out as John stormed off.  Nothing happened, though, and when he glanced up, John's mouth was hanging open, a stunned look on his face.  As John closed his mouth and licked his lower lip before speaking, Sherlock held his breath, here it came.
"Hmm, I'm just deciding whether your approach is the best idea, John.  I think it might be easier all round if we go with my plan."
“I think you may be the only one who would say that, John.  I don’t think anyone else loves that never-ending curiosity.”
“No, I think you’re right.  He’d probably not be in uniform if he’s retired but certainly a very smart, upright man.  Whether you go with a moustache is up to you.”
Sherlock was an excellent dancer and he had them spinning around the floor with such flair and ease that any thoughts of his injury completely slipped John’s mind and all trace of the limp disappeared. Sherlock smiled to himself that he’d been correct about his hypothesis about John’s leg, then shrugged it off and positioned them so that they were dancing next to Jenkins.  It seemed things had been moving apace with their quarry and he had already swapped partners and was now dancing with the General’s wife.
Sherlock traced his fingers over it, feeling the ridges and bumps and the eye sockets.  He ran his fingers along the teeth as the jaw hinged open.  John could see deductions shooting across Sherlock's face as he studied it and smiled.
He had made sure to capture John’s attention before they’d started their walks just to prove that he could; that it wasn’t just the night that had drawn John in.  He had shown John what he was capable of and enjoyed the unreserved enthusiasm John had for his deductions which provided its own extra joy to him as people rarely, if ever, reacted positively towards his observations.  It didn’t seem to matter whether the deductions were personal details about John or an in depth analysis of the latest crime scene, John was just awed by Sherlock’s skill and didn’t hesitate to tell him so.  John had been living with him long enough to also know all his bad habits and nothing seemed to scare him away; not even the head in the fridge had garnered more than resigned exasperation.  Now he was just waiting for John to make his move.
They took each other in hand and, as they stroked their shafts, they kissed their way across to where they could feel their partner’s blood pumping.  Sherlock pierced first and John shouted out before sinking his own fangs into Sherlock’s leg.  They both sucked the blood and needed only a couple of strokes each before they were coming over the other.
Sherlock sensed John’s satisfaction with all his examinations and his own anticipation was greatly heightened at what he felt might finally be about to happen.  He had not been idle during his inaction and had been making avid use of the internet to further his knowledge of all the activities and practises in which they might partake.  He had even compiled a mental  list of what he wanted to do and what he wanted to have done to him – which seemed to balance itself out quite nicely as he wanted to try everything in any combination.
He made his way back to his room and didn’t stop to draw breath until he closed his own door behind him.  He stood back against the wall with the lights off and waited to see if the boy opposite would also be returning to his room.  He was in luck because the lights came on in the boy’s room and he saw him putting his violin case down on the table before disappearing off to the side, presumably to lie down on his bed.
“And given your age and the recruiting patterns of the British military, you’d been in the Army for many years.”
“Then don’t,” the bunny interrupted, and John thought for a moment he could hear the woman who’d sent him over here sniggering at him.  The music was too loud for that, and anyway, he was the sun, set to warm and beguile.
He knew somehow that Sherlock wasn’t questioning John’s orientation so much as testing it.  Making sure John was certain of and committed to it.  Luckily, John was.  “Right.  I’m attracted to a lot of women and not a lot of men.  Still counts as bi.”
Anyway, the fry-up was lovely, albeit with a twinge of regret that Sherlock wasn’t there to share the table, if not the food.  The rest of the morning was peaceful, and even as the radio silence from Sherlock continued through the afternoon, John wasn’t worried.  Sherlock’s texting holds in common with his post-case routine a tendency toward the poles of torpor or frenzy, rather than a more moderate, consistent pace.
“I’ve only got a few more minutes, so didn’t you start this call with something about a dream?” Molly prompted.
“You’ve been dared to kiss someone in the bar by someone close to you, and given that I find myself in need of some discreet assistance, I’ll agree to satisfy your bet in exchange.”
John  picked up the nurse doll and looked it over, head to toe. With a big breath, he shifted to the point of the conversation.  Well, not conversation, exactly.  More like a monologue with occasional interjection from someone else.  Bit like the blog, actually.  A
“Huh.”  John shook his head.  “I’d noticed we’d not had many cases but Sherlock didn’t say…  Well, anyway.”
Sherlock rolled over, elongated his entire body like a cat, then propped his head up on a bent arm.  “It doesn’t take someone with my deductive powers to conclude that those activities did, in fact, occur.”
work, and if we charged a bit more, you wouldn’t have to go into that boring, horrid surgery so often.”  Obviously noticing John’s mouth opening, Sherlock added, “After the coronavirus, of course.  And I’m a genius, yes, but you’re the smart one.  About people who haven’t committed crimes yet, and remembering to collect payment and pay bills and all that side of things.  We both contribute; we should both be on the nameplate or whatever it’s called.”
“Option one.  We go on as we have been, working cases together and being best friends, and in a few years Rosie and I move out from 221B.”
“Ah.”  Sherlock sat back in a graceful move.  “I’m gay, by the way, and in case it was running through your head
“Enough--?”  John was starting to steam. “Listen,” he said, and pointed a finger directly at Sherlock’s heart, “you do not want me to walk you through all the experience I have.”
“Ah.  To begin with, a mid-30s soldier newly invalided from a war zone walks into a lesbian bar in a suit cut for a woman, wearing inexpertly chosen shades of inexpertly applied makeup and an appallingly poorly coordinated wig.”
“I need punishment,” Sherlock continued, and that was John’s breaking point.  He had to get Sherlock back in his arms immediately.
John interrupted quietly but firmly.  “Have you ever heard the phrase, ‘It’s all over but the shouting’?  Well, here comes the shouting bit.”
Rosie made her current stuffie, a weird unnameable creature, high-five him.  John laughed; Rosie went back to playing.
Sherlock sighed.  “You’ve misinterpreted my intent, which was to confirm that it is indeed I to whom you would entrust your daughter’s care.  A drug addict with appalling social skills and a dangerous profession.”
He greeted her, dropped his bag onto the table to be put away later, and settled himself in his chair, pulling his notebook out to take her details.
Rosie scooted closer to him and lay her head on his knee, looking up at him with the sweetest smile.  He didn’t deserve her, not really, but he was striving to do so.
With the cases back in his life (the danger, the chase, the exhilaration), John’s found that he’s as shoddy a husband to Mary as he was a boyfriend to the women before her.  He loves her, but she doesn’t fit.  And she shouldn’t have to fit; she should have the man she married.  Or, rather, she should have a man for whom being like the man she married makes him whole.
Since I have more formally taken over the administration of cases (record-keeping, accounting, billing, not pissing off clients who are willing to pay us), I asked Sherlock if he could provide me with a write-up of his “rating scale” for potential cases to make the intake process easier for me.  He surprised me by emailing it within seconds; it had apparently been at the ready for some time.
No, I’m not kidding.  He fellated that thing, and I know for a certain fact that’s what he was doing because
As John stood up to try again to locate his pants, Sherlock grabbed his arm and tugged him back to the bed.  “Wait.  There’s something else we should talk about.”
With a blink, Sherlock rebooted.  “Oh, I see.  You mean the one who left Joe for a wife and a baby.  Yes, that makes--”
"The bit you might find interesting is that your boss was a Las Vegas hustler whose wife would regularly invite other women to join them in bed.  Threesomes, can you believe it?  I find it hard to imagine Mycroft being anything beyond moderately cordial with one person, let alone two."
“Woman?”  John paused, took a breath, and waited for Molly to exit the lab.  “OK, let’s start from the beginning here.”
The smile that spread across her face was both giddy and triumphant, lighting her up even more incandescently than she’d already been, and John didn’t even have time to breathe before she was swooping down on him, wine-red lips pressing against his.  He closed his eyes, tilted his head, began a caress across her plump lower lip… and then found himself bereft as she pulled back far too soon for his liking.
Given the quantity of fruit in the kitchen of 221B, Sherlock is apparently planning to eat his share all in one week.
relaxed that his lips were sagging down towards the pillow his head rested on, and a rivulet of saliva linked the corner of his mouth to that pillow.
And talk they did, and laughed, and the skin of her cheek was just as soft as her fingers, and her lips even softer, and John asked if she’d like to go to dinner with him, and she whispered that she’d rather he take her to bed.
Back to the case:  Sherlock was and is outstandingly perspicacious, so it’s all solved.  All that’s left is tracking down the current location of the person what done it, and we’ll be leaving that to the Met.
On the crime scene, he found Ash #157 (or whatever), and these bits of white that looked like thistledown, and boom, we were off to Peterborough to the office of BOU, tracking down the head bird person, who of course doesn’t work out of the office because she’s also CEO of the BTO NGO, ho ho ho.  Then we’re on the train to Cambridge and Sherlock’s got her on Facetime, and the signal’s going in and out, and her words hardly sound like English at all, but still the two of them seem to be understanding each other.
Except the trust.  “I wanted that done today, but according to Mycroft, ‘Something something paperwork something meeting-scheduling something Her Majesty’s approval something.’  I wasn’t entirely listening.  Eventually, you’ll be installed instead of Baron Chakrabarti on the board.  Mycroft tried to claim it was a conflict of interest, but honestly who better than the secondary beneficiary to be a trustee?”
“The difference,” John said with a sigh of relief as he lowered his body onto Sherlock’s, “is that discipline includes both positive and negative consequences.”  He kissed Sherlock thoroughly.  “Clear?”
“Plus it will confuse the parents on the playground to hear Rosie call me Ella, and perhaps shake them out of their cishet stupor.”
No.  It was— no.  Sherlock could not be bringing this up now, not after two and a half years of nothing.  Two years of Sherlock being dead and six months of John convincing himself he must have just dreamed the blowjobs and cuffs and shackles and dildos and breeding stand, because Sherlock never once…
The woman pulled back and stared at him sternly.  “Not what the time actually is.  Not even what time she says it is.  I need to know
They washed the breakfast dishes together, and as they did, a few snuffles came through the baby monitor.  John knew it would soon be time to go upstairs and take care of his daughter.  He wasn’t
He couldn’t help noticing that her voice quality was now rougher, a bit of the silkiness gone, but he put that thought away in favor of assuring her that he had plenty of experience -- expertise, even -- just not with a client specifically.
A wave of revulsion ran through John from head to toe.  “No!” he shouted, and then lowered his voice.  This was a conversation that no one else could hear.  “No,
,” Sherlock insisted with a tone just up to the line between determination and anger.  “You don’t have sex and it’s important to you and--”
Sherlock had just finished adjusting John’s tie, hands still on the knot.  John was looking at nothing, focused inward, thinking how the pleasant weather outside matched his mood, satisfied and warm and something that could probably be called happy, and so he missed the changing of Sherlock’s expression that must have presaged his words.
“Mycroft will consider renovation a legitimate expense, especially as it involves Rosie’s welfare, and will pay the bills from my trust fund.”
“So, then see, Sherlock, most people would’ve assumed John was a man, and that’s why we’re confused.”  As Sherlock opened his mouth, Mike continued, “Oh yes, you don’t assume, do you?  You make a… what do you call it?”
It was in a little room, just steps from the altar where John would get married to Mary, just moments before John would get married to Mary, that Sherlock Holmes blew his world apart again.
“Let’s,” she said, as John was still marvelling over how soft the skin on her fingers had been, “just talk.”
Mrs. H began gathering a plate of all varieties of Danish pastry plus a few biscuits as John dried the last dish.
“I had the weirdest dream last night,” John said to Sherlock in the lounge as they walked toward their chairs for some post-Rosie-bedtime relaxation.
That was a bit of a surprise to John, not minding a bloke being cuddled up to him as he slept.  It was impossible to know if it was not minding “a bloke” or not minding Sherlock, and really that question was pretty much moot, given the small likelihood of any other man crawling into bed with John.
He woke to an arm wrapped round his midsection and a voice bitching about the inferiority of the sheets relative to those in Sherlock’s bedroom.
Looking around, he managed to refrain from sighing.  There wasn’t much chance of him attracting any woman in here no matter what he looked like, given that they were at a
After gracing him with a quite beautiful full smile, Alice turned back to her friends.  “See, I told ye,” she began; John stopped listening and headed off on a circuitous route back to his sister’s table.
“It was quite odd,” John continued.  “You were in it, sort of.  You were a tiger cub.  Do you remember what a
Rosie cooed and offered John the nurse doll that always reminded him of Mary.  He was loath to take the doll away from her intimate clinch with the Frozen princess, but Rosie moved the pirate doll over, and there was that problem solved.
“It's OK if you don't.”  John positioned himself behind his own chair, facing Sherlock directly but giving them some distance.  “I told you earlier any of the options work for me.  It's all fine, and I mean that.”
John hushed Sherlock with a brief finger to the lips.  “We can talk about history later.  Now, we have some evidence to collect.”
Now, Sherlock said, he’d noticed that John was quite “hungry” so he’d decided to practice making chocolate cake for them to enjoy together.  Not every day, Sherlock’s far too busy for that, and anyway, he’d likely get bored with chocolate cake on too frequent a basis, but enough that John could feel sated.
“You are definitely a keen observer,” John replied. “I’m not bad at collecting evidence myself, though.”
I’ve finished my lager, and the shower’s just shut off, so off to bed we go, for a well-earned night’s rest.
“Hold on,” John interrupted, and didn’t let himself be distracted by the very literal response of Sherlock’s hands tightening.  He explained very carefully, very firmly, very clearly that everything was
amazing.  John would have to be on his toes to keep up.  “My sister bet me, yeah.  She and her friends dragged me here.”
“I had the weirdest dream last night,” John said to Lestrade over Skype during Rosie's afternoon nap.
Sherlock gently touched John’s chest; John pulled him into a loose hug.  Arms there, but Sherlock could go any time he wanted to.
Remember the Monty Python bit where they’re clacking coconuts and pretending they’re riding horses, and then the two guards are arguing what kind of bird would and could bring a coconut to Medieval Europe?  That’s what Sherlock and the ornithologist sounded like, back and forth until the train pulled into the station, and then we were off, running toward one of the colleges, into a lab and through it, back to a huge dusty storage room, sheets tossed over everything like they were about to start painting twenty years ago and then forgot it entirely.
Sherlock blinked rapidly, then seemed to catch himself and sat up straighter.  “You’re saying that…”
Sinking into the lone chair in the room, a high-backed ornately carved wooden thing, Sherlock shook his head.  “
“And,” Sherlock continued, “thus I feel compelled to ensure that you have everything you need.  Mary has proven herself eminently suitable, with just this one piece undetermined.  Does she use you, John?  Have you shown her how to use you?”
John, not finding the matter settled, not least because he had no idea what the matter was, called him back to the lounge.
Nothing was said on the subject of Sherlock having sex, John having decided he didn’t want to know, and Sherlock… well, John doesn’t know what Sherlock was thinking on that topic, because, as mentioned, it wasn’t mentioned.
“So,” John said, “Tiger King was a Netflix documentary about a very strange man who ran a zoo with just tigers.  Plus a few other big cats, but mainly tigers. And in my dream, Sherlock was that man, dealing with the tigers and driving people mad and trying to outwit an archenemy.”
It was a rollicking case, far outside London, and involved startlingly brilliant brainwork from you-know-who and a few medical insights from yours truly and multiple chases and a dead satisfying tackle of the culprit, who did not anticipate John coming in high and Sherlock low.
"Well. That. I'm not, but." John cleared his throat, wishing for a glass of water that wasn't going to appear because there was no way he was moving from this spot before they'd worked out everything.  "Have you heard that saying, ‘every straight bloke has occasional gay thoughts’?”  He didn’t wait for Sherlock to respond.  “Well, it turns out that most straight men’s definition of ‘occasional’ is a lot... less... er, frequent than mine.”
John laughed at the very plausible idea of Sherlock conducting just such a poll.  “No.  Went online to an LGBTQ+  ‘questioning’ discussion forum during meal break at the surgery.”
“No, no.  I’m in a good stopping place and could do with a breather!” Molly’s smile was apparent in her voice, and John was glad to be catching her at a break time.  Medical professionals needed all the laughs they could get, what with the coronavirus running everyone ragged, and John thought this story might do.
John shook his head and twisted his hips, trying to get more comfortable on the stairs up to his flat.  His and Sherlock’s.  And Rosie’s.
“Do you need to be stopped from rooting?” Sherlock asked, but he was only kidding.  His pig would never cause problems like that.
Sherlock smiled his tiniest smile, the one John couldn’t help but think was sweet.  “Mary told me.  She thought it was funny --”  Sherlock held up his hand at John’s burgeoning protest.  “Not the dream itself but that you’d be embarrassed about something so tame.  Relatively speaking.”
“If it’s not about these sodding robberies and Sherlock sodding Holmes being sodding reasonable for once, then it’s got to be more interesting.”
Even more surprising than the bounty of banana bunches is that Sherlock actually did the shopping.  That calls for a celebratory cuppa.
“I had the weirdest dream last night,” John said to Mrs. Hudson as they sat down for a spot of breakfast in Mrs. H’s kitchen.  Rosie and Sherlock were tucked in their beds upstairs, Rosie having not woken yet and Sherlock having gone to bed just as John had been starting his morning ablutions.
John then stumbled ham-fistedly through a horrid explanation that while he was quite keen on cake and did feel its absence acutely, he only wanted cheesecake, not chocolate cake, and yes, he was absolutely sure even though he’d never actually eaten chocolate cake because the thought of it did absolutely nothing for his, ehem, taste buds.
When John got back to the table, Harry and her friends were quieter than they’d been all evening.  In fact they were pretty much silent, staring at the woman in black John had met.  Who was really quite, quite tall now that he saw her standing.  Although, take away the high-stacked hair and the heels, and she’d be… still tall.
The redhead to John’s left was cute, and looked friendly, with a huge smile.  A smile that was now being kissed thoroughly by a woman in a cat costume.
2 - So easy a monkey who has not been subject to brain trauma could solve it.  I generally save these in case John ever expresses an interest in solving a case on his own.
1 - So easy a monkey with brain injury could solve it.  The prospective client gets a form email lambasting them for being an idiot and billing them 1,000 pounds for the minutes I wasted reading their email.
“Then I think it is lovely,” she said determinedly.  “You know I enjoy studying the dead so as to help the living, and Sherlock’s never seen a body part he didn’t want to know more about.  Why wouldn’t we be the same with tigers?”
“Dunno.  You just walked back into the tiger park, carrying a casket of jewels and wearing dragon clothes.  I remember thinking, ‘Good, a bit more protection when you’ve been kidnapped.’”
“I had the weirdest dream last night,” John said to Rosie, who was sitting on the floor of their shared room playing with dolls and stuffies.  The dolls looked to be having either an orgy or a rugby scrum, and John had officially been in quarantine too long if he was ascribing sexual thoughts to his toddler daughter’s playthings.
As John closed his eyes briefly, Mike cleared his throat.  “I’ve heard ladies move in with each other quickly, but I didn’t realize it was after only one kiss.”
Oh, god, the kiss.  John had somehow managed to put it out of his mind, and now…  He was going to put it out of his mind again.  Yes.  “Shut it,” he said to Mike, who chuckled.
Sherlock pulled back just enough to look John in the eye.  “No, I've had sex, with more than one person.  But it wasn't in bed
Mike leaned in a hair and smiled at Sherlock again.  “While that’s possible, the much more likely explanation for John being uncomfortable in women’s attire and acting like a man would be that he’s a man, wouldn’t it?”
“John.”  Molly sounded embarrassed, but they both knew the thanks were due her. “It was a pleasure to spend time with Rosie.”
A certain someone may find himself with far fewer blankets than he is accustomed to when he traipses in to bed tonight.
Surprised, John pushed up on his arms to better see Sherlock’s face.  “You really would want to do that?  To, um, play?  I thought we were just flirting.”
“And so help me God, if you make me go through it again, I will dedicate my life to the art of necromancy so I can bring you back and chain you to the radiator.  There won’t be cases then, oh no, just you, me, takeaway, and horrid telly that I will make you watch constantly as punishment for dying on me twice!”
“Now,” he said, “dreams are not generally symbolic.  You should know that from the outset.  A dream is just a dream; don’t spend your time looking for the meaning.  ‘A cigar is just a cigar’ and all that.
“I once thought that she was the best thing that could have possibly happened to me.  It was true, at the time.”  After a kiss to its head, John put the nurse back into the pile of dollies.  “Then not five minutes later your Uncle Sherlock came back from the dead.
The bunny and hatter continued to glare, but Alice’s face softened.  “Oh?” she asked, cradling her left wrist with her right hand.
John’s eyes snapped to Sherlock’s even as his body jerked back.  Sherlock’s hands fell away, but his eyes stayed trained on John.
“It’s like criminals aren’t even trying to be clever,” John murmured, and pulled Sherlock in for an extended cuddle.
John was chuffed at the compliment but otherwise still confused.  “How does being unused to wearing women’s things make me a woman, exactly?”
It seemed that Mr. Holmes had not followed through with their agreement to let NSY find the wrongdoer, and as a consequence was, although ambulatory, in need of medical assistance.
A silence that had an air of skepticism followed, and John laughed.  “Actually, Sherlock’s been great with Rosie.  Helps with absolutely everything.  I was a bit shocked; I thought changing nappies, at least, he’d say is reserved for the one who conceived her.  But nope.  He uses the time to teach her about the digestive system.”
“I’ll also inform you that I play the violin when I’m thinking.  Flatmates should know the worst about each other.”
“Mm.”  Sherlock rolled onto his back and stretched, putting even more of his body on display.  “Because I’m a brat.”
“And that was?” Sherlock rumbled from just a few inches away, face smashed into his pillow, facing away.
John could see Lestrade’s discomfort and hurried to wrap up.  “Of the metaphorical kind, maybe.  The Chief Superintendent would've had Sherlock out on his bum ages ago if not for you.  So thanks.”
Fucking idiot!  “That was before we even knew each other.  Name me one time I’ve put myself in danger since then that wasn’t stepping in between you and whatever Hand of Fate decided they wanted to strangle you that day.  Hm?  Can you?  No.  You can’t.
Not a problem.  John might even have been whistling as he picked up a call from Greg, expecting some question related to the paperwork for the case.
had to listen to the bird woman -- she did sound rather hooty like an owl -- complain about the specimen Sherlock had stolen (“Borrowed! It’s going back!”).  I did my best to convey soothing, charming words in her direction, but Sherlock had started up a row with a cab driver who did not want to take us wherever it was Sherlock had us going, so my assistance was needed there.
“Oh yes.”  She sat back in her chair, cup of tea cradled in her hands.  “So, what exciting adventures did I get up to?  Please tell me there
John nodded.  He’d rather hoped that would be Sherlock’s response, as option one was only just barely fine for John.  “OK, option two.  We go on as we have been, and figure out a way to re-configure the flat to make it a three-bedroom.  I’m not quite sure how we do it, but maybe there’s attic space we don’t know about?  We’d have to talk to Mrs. Hudson and it’s going to be expensive.”
Sherlock’s lips zipped shut, his eyes grew a fraction larger, and his chin dipped.  Oh, he clearly knew he deserved this!
After the evidence was turned in and statements made to Lestrade and his team, after the adrenaline subsided, after that single hair-on-end breath-held heart-stopped moment when they were destined to fall off the side of a building but didn’t -- they talked.
He walked home dejectedly, wondering what to do.  He tried a few more texts but he had still not had an answer by the time he got home so he sat on his bed and thought through everything that had happened.
John smiled when he saw the present in Sherlock's hand; he hadn't been sure if Sherlock did gifts.  He'd brushed it aside when John had asked about his birthday.  John had gone ahead and got him something anyway.  He hadn't been able to resist when he'd seen it in the little curio shop in the local village, when he'd gone out for a walk with his grandfather the morning after they arrived.  John had ended up explaining all about his friend and his grandfather had enjoyed hearing John's enthusiasm and seeing it just light up his face as he talked.  Hamish had seen a lot of the world from being in the army and was not as small minded about such things as others of his generation might have been.  He was just glad that John was happy.
I don’t think I’ve ever tried to delete anything from my head, nor wanted to really.  How do I know if I’m ever going to need it again?  Maybe if I deleted something today, I might need it tomorrow and then where would I be.  It’s exciting to learn new things all the time so I think I’ll keep my memories where they are for now, thanks.
“You were right; it was from what I heard you playing before.  A recurring phrase just caught my fancy so I was messing around with it.  It wasn’t something I had heard before.  Who was the composer?”
When they had calmed down and cleaned themselves up they left the coat where it was, allowing them to keep hold of each other's hands under the cover.  They focused back on the screen but, needless to say, neither of them had any idea of what was going on as they hadn't been paying attention to anything but each other.
They made their way across the room and John nudged Sherlock on the shoulder.  They fell down on the bean bags laughing and poking at each other.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows at such a comment.  He had really thought that John had moved on and forgotten about him and was surprised to hear otherwise.
“I don’t want to get him in to trouble.  I’ll take him back to his room and then I can keep an eye on him.  If you could just help me get him there, that would be helpful.”
“Hush.  Get on over there and put things right.  I want someone to have an unforgettable time tonight, even if it isn’t me.”
“I was born this way so I’ve never known any difference.  Mycroft and I spent our early years at our Grandmaman’s chateau in France.  It is through her antecedents that we have this lineage; her family goes back generations to Eastern Europe.”
They meandered back towards the stables, giving the horses time to cool down, and they eventually got back to the house just in time to change for dinner.  Sherlock had told John that the rest of the family tended to stay until after New Year, when they had another party, so there was a full house for dinner.  Sherlock and John were, thankfully, sat at the opposite end to the cousins, so they spent a pleasant meal conversing with Sherlock’s favourite Uncle.  He was a Chemistry Professor at Cambridge and the pair of them took turns, happily describing their latest experiments in great detail.
John walked off; his head spinning with the news that Sherlock was actually alive.  He thought about it all for a moment.  Now that he knew what was going on, he needed to find a way to get to Sherlock to help him in whatever he was doing.  He wouldn’t let his friend do this alone.  John was the one with all the army training; the one who was a crack shot.  It should be him out there, not Sherlock.  That had always been his role; Sherlock was the brains and he was the brawn.  Well, he considered himself a little higher than brawn but certainly he was the one who was prepared to do the dirty jobs; to get things done.
Sighing, Sherlock continued, “No. That’s the item I needed to get out of the way so you wouldn’t be worrying about it like you have for the last several minutes and could focus entirely on our discussion.”
John walked into the flat, after having been to the shops, to find a stunningly fit young woman in her mid- to late-twenties sitting on his sofa.  She greeted him with a beautiful smile and said that Sherlock had had to go out but asked her to wait here for John.
“Maybe?” John murmured.  They were just inches away from each other now.  John put one hand on Sherlock’s hip and reached up with his other for the back of Sherlock’s neck.  Soft hair.  “I can work with that.”
Sherlock’s chin tilted up a fraction.  “Ah, that explains it.  I’m not familiar with music of the twentieth century.”
“You --”  John could only shake his head, and wrap his arms gently around his idiot. “You’ll be insisting that until you’re old and grey, won’t you?”
Molly’s gentle laughter was great to hear.  John smiled and continued, “I’m definitely going to have to warn her eventual nursery school teacher about that.”
“We’re both 1) lying in the same bed, 2) naked, 3) with enormous grins on our faces, and 4) crusty bits where the clean-up after said shag wasn’t quite as fastidious as you normally are.”
A man who looked every bit as sleek and modern as the lab called out to them.  “Mike, can I borrow your phone?  There’s no signal on mine.”
“Ah, lovely.”  Having got what he needed, he nodded and shifted back a bit.  “Ta.  Have a nice night.”
“Considerably depleted compared to what it used to be and thus in Mycroft’s iron fist, but yes.  It would cover renovation.”
After a few minutes, John’s heartbeat slowed with Sherlock’s, and his breathing also slowed to match his friend’s.
He hated to let him down. Sherlock adored the man more than he adored the feeling of adrenaline pumping through his veins after a case. Even more than he loved the feeling of crisp air against his heavily knitted, black billowing coat.
A ding rang above them as they walked into the jewelry store. The blinding white walls, the gray carpet and glass cases made Sherlock grimace, gaining a chuckle from John as he lightly bumped shoulders with the detective.
Sherlock didn’t have to turn around to know that it was John. He had the jitters, of course, and came to his friend for comfort, of course.
Mrs. Hudson slapped the shorter man on the shoulder. “Is that any way to talk to your future wife, John Watson?”
John laughed. “Really? Never would’ve guessed. Listen, you’re tired and you won’t let yourself sleep and I can help you sleep so come here. Half of your exhaustion is because of me, anyway. Least I can do.”
Sherlock could physically feel his heart growing with so much love, he thought his eyes might overflow with tears.
It came out before Sherlock even processed the question. There was no question, not really. He was her dad, and he knew it. He’d just been too afraid to say it.
By the time the duo reached the Canal walk, John’s hands were curled and stuffed deep in his pockets as he yearned for warmth.
“Oh, my darling!” He gently set his hand on the side of Rosie’s face, tilting her head up to the light. She had four stitches on her forehead, looking very unpleasant and already beginning to bruise. He then set his hands on his knees and pushed up, in an oh-so John Watson form and scooped her into his arms, resting her on his hip. “No more monkey bars for you, hmm?”
“How many times do I have to tell you to stop wearing that horrifically cheap jumper,” Sherlock said, his voice barely audible as he looked down at John’s hands in his own.
The living room curtains were closed, the tv off, the kitchen lights off. The only thing lighting the room were a few yellow-tinted lamps. Sherlock had moved the table and chairs, providing a relatively good-sized dance floor, all things considered.
Chuckling, John maneuvered himself on the sofa where his back was against the arm rest instead of the cushion. He slipped down until he was slumped and comfortable, legs stretched in front of him.
“Try to get some rest, Sherlock,” John said, wrapping himself with a blanket at the other end of the couch and turning to watch the movie.
Sherlock had decided that no, it wasn’t, and before he knew it, lifted the blanket from John and plopped on top of him.
The detective burst through the door of the white, sterile emergency wing. His contrast of black against the white area made him look like a crow in the sky on a stormy morning. It’s how he felt, too.
“Dad, Daddy, Dada, even Papa if you’d like. You can choose whichever you want, they all sound fine.” John smiled a short, soft smile and raised his head to look at the detective. “Up to you, of course.”
Sherlock dropped to his knees, arms extended as her little body crashed against his. Immediately, his arms wrapped around her, one supporting her while the other instinctively began to rub small circles on her sob-heaving back. As the wails wrecked her body, he felt her heart beating against his and couldn’t help but feel relieved. She was okay.
Standing and walking forward, John gently grabbed his taller friend’s upper arm. Sherlock’s eyes met his, and John smiled softly. “I’m sorry. Would love for you to teach me.”
The walk to the London canal was one that was about forty minutes, and after about twenty minutes of walking in silence, John began to feel the chill of London’s night seep through the protection of his jacket.
Sherlock turned on his heel to walk the forty-minute walk home, but his right hand kept a steady hold on John’s left. It was not a romantic handhold, but quite literally John’s being completely encompassed in Sherlock’s. But Sherlock still didn’t want to let go. So he didn’t.
Lestrade, Mary, and Mrs. Hudson were a herd of hyenas, cracking joke after joke. John stared at Sherlock’s back. Sherlock faced the window and waited.
They spoke over each other and then John laughed his laugh that always fixes everything, bringing them both back to reality.
John was meeting Sherlock at the hospital and he had to go, he said. Sherlock said it was going to be okay. John said he wished he and Sherlock were together. Sherlock assured him that they would be together sooner rather than later and that Rosie was going to be alright, even though Sherlock didn’t know it or not. He knew John’s simpleton mind would find satisfaction with his words, so he said them anyway, valid or not. Truth be told, he was two seconds away from a panic attack.
You are married. You’re tipsy and your adrenaline is pumping, causing your worry for my physical wellbeing to merge into an identity crisis and a profession for feelings that you most certainly don’t have, and -”
John groaned, grabbing the back of his own neck. “Tell everyone, I suppose. I’ll pull Mary aside, we can make an announcement that the wedding is over after that. Then we can go home and… figure the rest out as it comes.”
Sherlock huffed with a smile, incredulous. He took a step back. “You do not need me anymore, John. You have her. You have the house. You have the dream wedding. You don’t need me.”
His chest was warm. Safe. He smelled of tea, aftershave, honey, and cologne. A perfect mix of sweet and masculine, creating an aroma Sherlock could bathe in, he thought.
John’s lungs stopped breathing as Sherlock took the other hand, buried in the other pocket, and exhaled hot air on it, too.
The movie finished and Sherlock was asleep. John tightened his arms around his friend and leaned his head lazily against the arm rest. He fell asleep to the feeling of Sherlock’s breath on his neck and his ear pressed against his own heart.
“You think you will, but you won’t. I know you better than you know yourself. The only thing you’ve ever done, Sherlock Holmes, is love and protect me. More than I’ve ever been loved or protected.”
Sherlock looked back, steadily. “You may think that I don’t listen, that I don’t see when you’re gone, that I’m selfish and only self-seeking. But I do pay attention to you, as you would know if you ever tried to see.”
Sherlock leaned in, pressing their foreheads together. He laid his hand flat on John’s chest. Quietly, he spoke. “... Did you know that your heart beats over 100,000 times a day? There are also around 60,000 miles of blood vessels in your body. This is -”
“It’s beautiful here at night,” Sherlock said as he kept his eyes focused forward, the water reflecting the London stars that hung above.
“Sherlock Holmes, if you say another snide comment, out of my flat!” The older woman yelped, an icing pump in her left hand.
With a deep and quiet tone, Sherlock gave step-by-step instructions as he taught John the standard first few steps of the waltz. Everytime John would mess up he would begin to get flustered, but before he could say or do anything, Sherlock’s warm hand would be on his own again and they would restart.
He sat on the flattened hospital bed, one leg on either side as Rosie sat in front of him, leaning back into his chest.
Not knowing what exactly to do, Sherlock took one of John’s hands and placed it on his chest, John feeling the slow and steady feeling of Sherlock’s heart.
One of the doctors, a darker-skinned older man with kind eyes and a Mickey Mouse watch, undoubtedly the pediatrician on call, smiled softly at him as he walked her back.
John smiled at Mrs. Hudson after his dance with his wife and nodded. “It was. It was absolutely stunning. He’s brilliant.”
But, it was true. Sherlock was only a figure in Rosie’s life because of circumstance; circumstances that were his fault. To have a title so set in stone and final was appealing, but Sherlock knew he didn’t want to take even more from the doctor, not even the title “dad”.
“OH!” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed, smiling. “That’s right. When we left the flat this morning, he had a lot of syringes lined up on the coffee table for some sort of experiment. He seemed adamant about me not touching them. So anal, that one. Who would guess he would be so messy!”
The shorter man wondered if Sherlock could feel his heart pounding beneath the fabric of his shirt. He wondered if Sherlock noticed his pulse beating against the skin at his neck at the simple brush of the detective’s fingers. He wondered if Sherlock felt the heaviness that fell in the room the second they touched.
As time passed, both men’s shoulders relaxed. Their hands melted into each other’s and their torsos were flush against each other. The cozy and warm aura made John want to lay his head on Sherlock’s shoulder: it was right in front of him, so welcoming. But he didn’t. And Sherlock didn’t rest his head atop of John’s. As much as he wanted to.
After a few seconds of holding John’s hand and examining it from all angles, Sherlock grasped the shorter man’s hand firmly and looked straight into his eyes. “This is the one.”
“Look at me. Why do you look at me the way you do? When I come closer, why don’t you stop me? Why did you sleep on the couch with me and dance with me and hold my hand? Do you… can you feel...”
“John…” Sherlock answered quietly, still looking down. Slowly, he raised his eyes to meet John. “Go back inside.
Don’t get me wrong, dear reader. He was still a child who pouted when John told him he had to eat at least half of the food on his plate and refused to shower on days he didn’t want to get out of bed. Sherlock Holmes was still Sherlock, after all.
Exhaustion from the other night during a case when he had run in the freezing rain for hours and spent the day trying to ignore the heavy mucus in his chest and the painful cough that kept him up at night.
Sherlock tugged at the bottom of the suit in an attempt to let out the wrinkles that did not exist. He fixed John as if the man were made of glass, perfecting the suit and doing so with shaky and hesitant fingers. After he was satisfied, he took a miniature step back to look at his friend properly.
He sighed. “Listen, it’s not that… it’s not that I don’t want to dance with you at our wedding. I do want to. I just don’t think that three hundred dollar classes are worth it, to be judged and watched by a whole lot of middle-aged strangers.”
“Sherlock, these are all ridiculous looking on me,” John said flustered, looking in the mirror at his own boxy figure staring back at him.
The detective was already on his feet, one arm sliding into the sleeve of his coat. “I am on the way. What happened?”
Sherlock thought about Mary, about her feelings, about whether she would approve of her husband lying with Sherlock in front of an old mystery in the comfort of a private flat. But he didn’t think about her for long. She was going to be able to do this forever, to be this with him forever.
Also known as, the day Sherlock loses his best friend to a never-ending cycle of domestic bliss. Fantastic.
He was trying to detect the invisible substance on the phone case of Lestrade’s most recent victim. She had no internal or external wounds and a perfect health history. The only thing not normal was a substance on her hands that was also found on the case. Not thrilling, but more interesting than tending to the grocery list.
“Okay! Okay, okay,” John said, drying his hands and speed walking for the detective. He grabbed him by the forearm, heaving Sherlock toward the door. “We will be back. The cake looks beautiful, Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock grunted a sound of disgust, one that only John would be able to pick up. John nudged him once again, aggressively whispering “behave” under his breath, mere seconds before the woman had arrived.
But, this morning he was not mature enough to get the groceries. He moped around the flat after they left, took a half hearted shower, and spent his afternoon standing at the kitchen table with his microscope.
Going back and settling on the couch, Sherlock was still curled up in the corner with his knees to his chin. John reached for the remote and after pressing a few buttons, the classic Alfred Hitchcock film Rear Window’s theme song began to fill the flat as the movie started.
After a few moments, Sherlock surprised them both as his right hand slowly lifted John’s left to his mouth.
Sherlock swiped John’s debit card, took them both and muttered a thank you before the doctor could properly stand up.
Ten minutes closer to 221 B Baker Street, John’s left hand began to squirm in Sherlock’s grip and, as if it were fire, Sherlock dropped it.
It happened quickly before either could truly register it. Suddenly John was on his toes, his hand resting on Sherlock’s jaw and other hand pulling him closer by the coat.
And this was the cycle his brain spun on constantly. Wanting John more than anything in the world and absolutely despising himself for even considering a future with the soldier. It was exhausting.
By this time, Laura was almost in tears, face as red as a tomato. Whether she was blushing out of embarrassment or anger, Sherlock didn’t know, nor did he care.
Just the week previous, they had been resting on the couch. Rosie was asleep in between the pair, and John looked into Sherlock’s eyes in a way that said I’m-All-In, I’m-Just-Waiting-For-You. Sherlock had smiled softly and placed his hand on the side of John’s face, feeling the flesh immediately blush at the contact. He then placed a sweet, lingering kiss on John’s cheek and pulled away.
“Except that you’ll always have to go home to an utterly domesticated yellow house with bright carpet and obnoxious decorations at the end of the day. And the bedroom will be empty and I will be alone.”
It was a completely platonic offer, of course. John was straight, John was engaged, John was getting married in four days. He was not a man of interest, but a doctor. A doctor saw a sleep-deprived man and decided to use physical touch as a form of melatonin. Simple as that.
“John!” Sherlock pleaded, meeting his eyes. “These two are ruining everything!” He dramatically displayed them with his hands.
She was talking to him. She was holding onto him. She was putting all of her grievances, all of her worries, on him.
It was ten o’clock at night, and Sherlock had been playing violin since he had woken up that morning. Alone for the day, as Mary and John were both busy, Lestrade had no cases and Mrs. Hudson was dating, Sherlock was able to compose several new pieces. Pieces that he would never show, but loved the same.
So, that’s who they were. Dada (John), Bee (Sherlock), and Rosie Watson (Little Bee). Not your average family, but content nonetheless.
Neither of them spoke and neither changed the grip on the other until they met the door of the London flat, where they separated and walked in as if nothing had happened.
Then, as if being directed by a puppeteer, smiled once again. His voice was a bit peppier and his teeth showed a bit more than usual.
Mary smirked at her friend, her smile showing nothing but amusement and curiosity. “Okay, then, big boy. Show us your moves.”
Before John could process Sherlock’s words, Leanne brought out two beautiful ring boxes, both red and shiny with the gold inside. She set them on the table.
The wail, coming so distinctly from the voice box of his three-year-old roommate, grew a bit louder, making Sherlock’s heart beat a bit faster.
Sherlock was in the taxi now. He covered the speaker of the phone with his hand, muttering the address to the driver before going back to his best friend. “What do you mean you don’t know?”
The smell of new leather from the shoes with the scent of never-worn, freshly ironed fabric surrounded the two men as John stepped into yet another pair of pants. Fountain pen ink and fancy cologne lingered in every inch of the store, making the doctor feel out of place. This store was expensive, the scent of money louder than words.
As John turned to face the wall, he felt eyes on his back as his shoulder blades protrude through his white undershirt, the muscles on his back moving as he moved. Feeling the gaze of his friend made him subconsciously shiver, and Sherlock looked away.
If Mycroft had seen this, he would be vomiting at the overflowing amount of sentiment. But Sherlock liked it. He liked it quite a lot.
John rolled his eyes. “Get out of your head, Sherlock. You’re fine.” His hand grabbed Sherlock’s and pulled him toward himself, Sherlock instinctively wrapping an arm about his back. “There you go. Was that really that hard?”
As Sherlock opened the door to head to the register, he couldn’t help but mutter a comment about the fact that John still looked like a four-year-old playing dress up in his father’s closet. John shouted at him to sod off, Sherlock smirked smugly, and the moment in the dressing room was gone.
John’s breath hitched as he felt his friend’s large hand grasp his own, the alabaster white skin of Sherlock a stark contrast to John’s own tanned tone. Sherlock held his hand for an instant, keeping it still before slipping the wedding band on. The gold matched perfectly with John’s golden complexion, dark blue eyes, and warm smile.
“We need music,” Sherlock whispered into John’s ear finally. Their trance broke and they somehow disconnected from each other. John was cold without Sherlock. Sherlock’s arms were empty without John.
“That is not true. You are not the monster you think you are. And I do want you, and I know this because I’ve been trying to get you to realize just how much I adored you this past month. I haven’t touched Mary intimately since you’ve come back, did you know that? I don’t want anyone else in any other way.”
He is soft and he has feelings and he gets tired and he uses lavender shampoo. He is just like the rest of us.
Sherlock gently set the phone case down and peeled back the latex that clung to his hand with want, smiling at the satisfying pop of the glove after it’s disposal.
“You would eat dirt if someone told you to. Wouldn’t even realize it was soil and not fish and chips.”
“John, don’t be an idiot. We will get everything tailored,” Sherlock said flippantly, looking down at his phone. “Try one of the ones I picked.”
The bottom of the suit he was sporting was too long, the sleeves went past his hands, and the legs of the suit touched the floor. The thick, gray fabric was also an eyesore that made the tall detective grimace from behind him.
Sherlock turned on his heel and walked back to the living room, holding the violin back up to his chin. “No. Not if John keeps being so… mean to me.”
He had a habit of leaving people mid sentence. John said that it was an impolite habit to have, but Sherlock couldn’t understand why John cared when Sherlock never did that to him anymore and actually truly cared about everything the shorter man had to say, filing all things said and mentioned somewhere in his mind palace.
But then again, he was terrified that he was overstepping. He was mortified at the idea of being circumstantially convenient.
They were, in fact, a family. Yes, that much was apparent. John woke up and gave Rosie a bath while Sherlock did his best to make breakfast, more often than not, frozen waffles that he put in the toaster. Sherlock would then get Rosie ready while John scoped out the shared email, searching for a case that Sherlock could look into while John went away to work.
Never having been the type to ask permission or give a forewarning, Sherlock decided that he did, after all, want to lay with John. It was for completely selfish reasons of course, a fact he was aware of.
The exhaustion from being with John every day, looking into his dark blue eyes and knowing that those eyes weren’t his to look into. Exhaustion from knowing that John was only with Sherlock for a few hours and a few thrills, but would always go home to Mary.
Every move Sherlock made was nervous. His hesitancy to touch John was apparent as he took a step forward, his hand hovering above the shorter man’s waist, unsure.
The four heads that had been seated at the dinner table in 221 B Baker Street looked up from their warm food and to the tall man who was standing in the living room. A violin was placed below his chin and the bow of it rested lazily in his opposite hand, as he had stopped playing to speak.
Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson had to wake up at the break of dawn in order to get ready and travel to the venue in time for John’s wedding preparation. They had the option to stay the night, but both parties opted for the comfort of their somewhat shared home.
John exhaled slowly and leaned forward, lacing his fingers through Sherlock’s hair at the nape of his neck.
Lestrade leaned back in his chair, pulling his elbows behind him in an after-dinner stretch. “Yeah, even I can admit this one. He’s something else on the dance floor, that one.”
As John unbuttoned the sixth suit of the hour, Sherlock rolled his eyes and read through his emails. Mysteriously dead cat, missing hamster… Boring, boring, boring.
It took everything in the shorter man to not wipe them away and kiss away the pain and hold Sherlock forever and ever and ever.
Sherlock was pulled from his head at the sound of John zipping up Rosie’s backpack. Like clockwork, Sherlock bent down to kiss her on the forehead and to tell her to be a good little bee while John grabbed his kit from the living room.
John wanted to try and help him sleep (as if that could ever happen) and Sherlock simply wanted to hear the drum of John’s heart, to smell the scent of his shirt, to hear his chest rumble when he spoke.
Their gaze met, and only when John’s eyes met Sherlock’s did he realize how incredibly close their lips were.
There was only one time John ever saw Sherlock cry, and it was the day Sherlock had called him from the roof of St. Barts.
After fifteen minutes and forty-eight seconds, John began to play with Sherlock’s hair. At first, it was the simple movement of him brushing hot curls away from Sherlock’s forehead, which made the detective think he would stop. But he didn’t. And he continued to brush the curls out through course fingers for the rest of the film.
The group looked toward the Irish voice behind him and saw Janine, both hands carrying champagne glasses. She handed one to Mary, who took it gratefully.
It was so typical for Sherlock to steal John’s thunder, John wondered why he was still surprised by it.  “Mary didn’t tell you
.” The lips between his fingers twitched; John’s lips twitched; and he and Sherlock giggled themselves exhausted.
"I’ve lived with you dead, and I wouldn’t wish that situation on, on Moriarty himself, least of all the dearest person to me in the world.
John drew Sherlock into his arms for a quick kiss and hug before going to get Rosie.  “The salacious parts, no.  But the ‘Sherlock agreed to be mine’ part?  Most definitely.”
John stroked Sherlock’s curls and continued, “I’ve already talked to Lestrade about it.  If I put hands on you in anger ever again, he’s agreed to arrest me, no matter what you say.  If I hurt you to the degree I did ever again, he won’t have to arrest me because Mycroft’s agreed to disappear me.”
“Of course.”  Greg went around to the front and pulled the driver out of the car, taking some handcuffs off another approaching officer and letting them carry him away.  He came back round to the rear of the van in time to see John being lifted into the ambulance on a trolley.  One of the paramedics was continuing the CPR and Sherlock had taken over squeezing an air bag attached to a mask covering a lot of John’s face.  Just before they closed the door, Greg leaned in to question them.
“Well, you haven’t exactly made it difficult for us.  You’ve hardly left the house but we have been taking shifts and keeping an eye on the place just in case you did.”
"Okay, okay."  John took pity on him and on the next pass downwards he stopped at Sherlock's hole and pressed a soft kiss to it.  He licked all round the entrance, working his way closer in each time.  As Sherlock relaxed into the movements and opened slightly, John pushed his tongue in to the centre, pressing in as far as he could.  He found this was also easier - as the deep-throating had been - without the need to pull back out to breathe.  He was already finding many pleasing side effects to this whole vampire thing.
John pulled back up to the head, sucking around it and pushing his tongue against the tip, teasing Sherlock and pulling deeper moans from him.  John ran his hand along Sherlock’s thigh and cupped his balls, feeling them harden and pull in tighter to Sherlock’s body.  His friend was very close and John could feel himself approaching the edge, too.  He slipped his free hand down into his own pants and as he swallowed Sherlock down deeply again, he stroked his own shaft in a matching rhythm.
He quickly finished his text to Mycroft, insisting that he be picked up instantly, and then sat back down in the corner, positioning himself out of sight of where the main group of John’s friends were sitting.
"Well, they've tried twice already and failed both times, I think it unlikely that that would put them off.  Like I said, we can all keep our eyes open to anything untoward happening.  I'm not needed, except for the very start of the play, so I'll stay around backstage and watch what's going on.  We'll catch whoever it is, don't worry."
John winked at Sherlock, knowing that only the two of them knew how literal that actually was.  Sherlock smirked back at him then turned to Greg.
The section John was in had a lot of phones, but they were all from the wrong era.  He laughed when he saw a huge brick-like mobile phone from the 1980’s and tried to imagine having to lug that around, unlike the tiny pocket mobiles used today.  He was lucky in that, at the very back, he found an older phone which looked like it would fit for the era they were aiming for.  He pulled it out and took it to show Sherlock.
“Hmmm, that doesn’t sound like too much, but I know how you youngsters get all excited about the end of term and, with Christmas being almost upon us too, you might be a little overwrought.”
The second night had been just as good, with even more parents at that performance as the end of term drew ever nearer.  The entire team had been jubilant, as they had also performed a matinee earlier in the day for the rest of the school, and had received enthusiastic cheers from their school mates on a show well done.
“Ok, if you remove your own clothes down to the same level as I am at then for the next choice I will let you pick the place to be kissed – anywhere above the waist at this stage – and you can also choose who gets to do the kissing.”
"I hoped you'd say that.  We've got some clothes and boots here in the tack room that you can use, and I left some of mine down here ready, just in case.  I'll have Toby saddle up Mystery.  What sort of horse would you like, John?  You did say you'd ridden before, didn't you?"
John pushed Sherlock ahead of him and made him take a drink as well; he was determined to curb this habit he had noticed of Sherlock just not bothering with food.  The tables and chairs had been set out in a circle so that they could all chat together.  John found himself sat next to Jasmine who was on her own waiting for Freddie to join her, so he felt compelled to chat with her a little, for the sake of politeness.
"Well, there's cake available in the interval if that's what you're anticipating, dear brother."  The brothers glowered at each other for a moment before John coughed, reminding Sherlock of their purpose.
He’d tried writing at the beginning, when he’d first left to join the army, but he’d never had any answer so he’d assumed Sherlock hadn’t been happy about him going and was just making his displeasure know.  He had plenty of experience with how long Sherlock’s sulks could last but after no reply for that whole first year he’d given it up as a bad job.
Sherlock decided that he would like to see where this would go.  He wanted to try his hand at being with John.  He was a genius he could do anything, so why couldn’t he do this.  He certainly didn’t want to risk their friendship but if John already had these feelings himself then it wasn’t as if Sherlock was going in to the situation blind and throwing out wild suggestions.  He would just have to let John know that he was open to new possibilities and see what John made of that.
"I know that.  I was just thinking about... about the chance of being... in you.  If what we just did was even a small part of it, then I can't wait to try the real thing."
Sherlock looked shocked for a moment.  He had had his suspicions regarding the depth of John’s feelings but to have it so blatantly confirmed surprised him.  As the comment registered more deeply upon him, the side of his lip quirked up and Sherlock smiled shyly.
John grinned at him and pointed to the centre of the bed.  Sherlock wasted no time in stripping off and laying down in the middle of the bed with his head on the pillow.  John, still fully dressed, climbed on top and sat on Sherlock’s hips, rubbing the material gently against Sherlock’s naked groin.  Sherlock groaned, enjoying the decadence of being nude whilst John was fully clothed; it seemed naughtier somehow and started his pulse racing.
“I think you’ll find your dear brother can be perfectly delightful in his own right, when he so wishes, he doesn’t require my assistance; and it’s John, please.”
Even though John now knew that Sherlock was alive, he still found it hard to talk about.  The emotions he had been going through had been very real and were still so fresh in his mind.
John shook his head.  He moved his hands to cup Sherlock’s cheeks and held him still for a moment, looking into Sherlock’s eyes.  He leaned forward and pressed a gentle kiss on Sherlock’s lips before resting their foreheads together.
Mycroft could read the indecision and the reluctant acceptance so he settled it by picking up the phone for his driver and asking him to bring the car round immediately.  He handed Sherlock a key for the front door.
“There’s no harm saying now as my brother is in the process of bringing me back to life as we speak – and you have obviously signed the Official Secrets Act if you are in his employ – that it was all a necessary subterfuge to bring down a criminal empire.”
It took a few minutes before either of them had the ability to move.  John nuzzled against the skin of Sherlock's neck where his head was resting.  He kissed him and then tilted his head back to look up at him.
"Well, if you're sure you don't mind, then yes, I'd be happy for John to come over after Easter, for as long as you want him."
Sherlock shook his head lightly at John's antics then took his hand as he stood.  "You may indeed, Mr Watson."  Sherlock leant forward and, for John's ears only, he added, "As you have many times before."
“Well, about that.  I realise it is not usual to discuss private matters with someone one has just met, but I have not had anyone with whom to converse in almost two years.  Would you mind if I expounded on some concerns?”
"That was...  How did you...?  You were...  John, I think you're a miracle worker.  I've never seen them look like that before.  What did you say to Simon?"
“You can make as much noise as you like, John.  In fact, the louder the better; I am greatly enjoying cataloguing your reactions and sensitivity.  Plus, if you keep chewing on your lip like that, you’ll make it start bleeding again.”
John was a bit reluctant but the boy seemed genuinely interested.  He got his guitar out, which he had left behind the chimney, and set himself up comfortably.  He fingered through the first couple of notes but wasn’t happy with it so he stopped, cleared his throat and started again.
“That was… amazing.  How did you do that thing…?  How did you even know what to do?  You said you hadn’t done anything before.”
Sherlock froze for a moment, not knowing what he should do.  Should he push John back over or wake him up?  He decided to wait and see if John moved of his own accord before he did anything else.  John did indeed move, but not to return to his own side, he rolled his head further over, seeking a more comfortable resting place.  John pushed against the bone of Sherlock’s shoulder, making Sherlock almost unconsciously angle himself slightly to provide John with a softer area upon which to rest his head.  John settled into the crook of Sherlock’s neck, taking in a deep breath and blowing it out in a relaxed sigh, causing the tiny hairs on Sherlock’s skin to ripple and stand on end in reaction.
Sherlock shook his head.  “I’m happy to remain your prisoner, Dr Watson.  Perhaps you could assist me in moving please?”
It was John's turn to blush this time.  "Thanks, I guess.  Anyway, that doesn't take away how extraordinary you were.  As far as I know, you were right about everything."
“We only have Carstairs, who manages the house and helps to run the estate, and his wife, who is our cook, that live on the property; they have their own rooms above the garage.  We have two girls who come in from the village every morning to do the cleaning, washing and ironing.  They stay to help Mrs Carstairs around the house if we ever have guests, except for occasions like this, when Mummy uses a special company that provide whatever staff necessary to cater to our needs.”
"Believe me, you will when you taste it.  Mycroft has actually been useful for once and set us up with everything we need for our stay.”  Sherlock passed over a bag of blood.
John twisted his hand around the heads of their cocks on the next up stroke and that was all it took.  He shuddered against Sherlock as he came over both their hands.  Seeing John's face and knowing that he had done this to him sent Sherlock over the edge as well and he quickly followed John, squeezing every last drop of pleasure out of them both before he collapsed back against the wall, John slumping against his chest on top of him.
“How amusing.  Thank Sherlock for his input but unless you have something else of importance I will leave the pair of you to continue your drunken games on your own.”
When John felt the renewed pressure of those lips around his shaft he knew he wouldn’t last much longer.  The hand surrounding him was providing strong and powerful strokes and as he pushed that head down one last time, he yelled out an instinctive name and had the most amazing orgasm of his life.  He shuddered as he continued to pulse out the after-shocks, enjoying the fact that Sherlock swallowed greedily, and then he collapsed back on to the bed, arms out to the side as he recovered his composure.
“Well, I shall observe your bruises for you then, and I can make notes without you having to worry about them.”
“You are the youngest of three, no, four children with a larger gap between you and your siblings, all girls, so you were spoiled by your father for being a much wanted boy.  He wanted you to follow in his footsteps and become a solicitor but you’ve always been more caring than that and, much like John, you wanted to go into medicine to help people so your mother stuck up for you and he let you have your own way.  Being spoiled hasn’t made you selfish though, in fact, you seem very easy going so you have obviously learned to tolerate teasing very well from your sisters, even letting them dress you up and play games with you when you were younger.”
Sherlock led them down to breakfast, knowing John would need sustenance even though he wasn't usually bothered for himself.  They were down early enough to avoid most of the guests, who were still in bed.  Only Mycroft was already at the table in the grand dining hall and, after a brief groan at the sight of him, Sherlock showed John where the warming dishes were, and encouraged him to help himself.  John nodded Sherlock towards the food, so Sherlock eventually took a piece of toast, once he had bestowed an almighty eye roll and sigh upon John first.  When they sat down, it was at the opposite end of the long table to Mycroft.
Greg gestured to Sally who was sat next to him and she took her turn.  “Hi, I’m Sally Donovan and I’m the Assistant Director and Stage Manager.  As Greg said, any problems I’d be happy to help.”
He ran to the bathroom for a ‘cat’s lick and a promise’ as his mother used to say when she’d see him rushing out in a morning.  He threw on his clothes, swallowed some tablets with water to clear his mouth, put on his coat and shoes and ran down to the street to try his best to hail a cab.  When he eventually got one he sat in the back and rang the surgery to tell them he was very sorry to be late but he was on his way and would be there very soon.
Greg got himself into position in front of John and held him with one hand around his waist and the other round his shoulders to keep him steady as Sherlock pulled.  Sherlock took hold of the bolt and raised his eyebrow to ask Greg if he was ready.  When he got a nod he braced his other arm against John's back and gave a quick hard yank.  John jerked against Greg's body and his eyes shot open as he let out a shout.  He saw a pulsing artery in front of his eyes and sank his teeth straight in to Greg's neck.
It was true that he hadn’t actually spoken to Sherlock in ten years but he’d been in touch with his dad during that time so he’d heard about what Sherlock had been up to.  He knew that Sherlock didn’t have anyone else and he knew he’d been in a bit of trouble over the years but his dad hadn’t gone into a lot of detail over that so John wasn’t really sure what that was.
Sherlock blushed this time.  No-one had ever told him that his deductions had affected them like that before.  He'd had people comment on his face, of course, but they hadn't interested him.  What John had just told him was that he’d been impressed with what he’d said; this was something new.
Heaven – that is where I am every time I look at those photos.  You are absolutely gorgeous, Sherlock, and that particular photograph you mentioned is my absolute favourite and the one I dwell on most.  The look on your face is just orgasmic – quite literally! – and imagining getting you in to that state again is what keeps me going through these long, lonely evenings.  I love the one of both of us that Mrs H took; we, quite rightly, both look so happy and that has been added to my hat.  (I can’t keep the other one in there or I wouldn’t be able to concentrate!)  I love that you printed out some for yourself too, and I enjoy the thought of you lying in bed looking at me.  You should know that is exactly what I am doing over here, too, so we are joined in that if not in actual physicality.
Mycroft had arranged a minor situation for Mrs Hudson’s sister – nothing serious, of course, and it would be easily solved after the weekend, but it had necessitated a visit from Mrs Hudson so the house was empty when Sherlock was dropped off outside 221B.  He stroked the knocker fondly, remembering the number of times he had turned it after Mycroft had straightened it.  He did it again now, wondering if it was something John would notice.
John had bumped into Greg when he’d walked past New Scotland Yard on one of his meandering treks through the city.  Even though his injury had been through his shoulder, he had developed a compensatory limp and currently used a walking stick.  He made himself walk as far as he could each day to stretch the muscles in his leg as he refused to pander to the blasted thing when it hadn’t even been injured.  His therapist had told him it was psychosomatic – as if he didn’t know that for himself, thank you very much – but regardless of what he knew, he still couldn’t shake the phantom pains with which he was plagued.
Mycroft’s people had, indeed, been very busy – he would have expected nothing less.  They had a man in place who worked in the embassy in the old town and he had been sent round to Sherlock’s most recent address from where he had last made contact.  Unfortunately, when he’d got there the partially furnished flat had been trashed.  Sherlock didn’t have many personal possessions with him as he travelled with only one rucksack so it was easier to move around, but what he did have were scattered across the room.  The mattress and chairs had all been ripped open and everything else was overturned, cupboards emptied and the contents strewn across the floor.  Somebody had obviously been looking for something.
John laughed and ran to the edge and leapt as far as he could, grabbing hold of his knees and dive bombing right next to Sherlock.  When he came up, Sherlock was wiping his face from all the splash back.  They horsed about for a few minutes, splashing everywhere and trying to push each other under the water.  They set themselves up for a race down the length and back, and after Sherlock counted them in, they powered off down the pool.  Sherlock had a long, smooth stroke with his extra length helping him cut quickly through the water.  John had all the power in his body from his rugby playing, and he had been doing a lot more exercise with that than Sherlock had recently.  It was close, but he just managed to edge to victory with a last powerful kick.  He insisted that he needed a victory kiss to celebrate his win, so they indulged in that for a while, until John pushed down with his arms, which were around Sherlock’s neck, and ducked him before swimming away, laughing.
“Are you crazy?  I’m the lucky one here.  You could have anyone and you’ve somehow ended up stuck with me.  I keep waiting for you to realise your mistake and call a halt.”
