“See, I can make friends,” Tony says. “JARVIS, this is cat, cat, this is JARVIS. He is a merciful god, don’t worry.”
Steve sighs. “You’re going to catch my cold,” he says tiredly. It’s a weak protest, and he knows it.
“Hey, Hulk can be charming,” Spidey interjected. “He really likes kids. And animals. And friendly neighborhood Spider-Mans. He lets me stick to him.”
He smiled. “She was kind. Never turned away a sick neighbor or a scraped knee. Hell of a temper, sometimes,” he said, a little ruefully, thinking of the way her eyes would flash when something set her off. “She kept all my drawings in an old shoebox. She frowned at me every time I worried about money. Said it wasn't my problem.”
“I wouldn’t mind at all, Stormy.” Giant Girl grew as much as she could, nearing thirty feet stooped over the spot Storm pointed at on the floor.
The bot wheeled around to the other side of his chair, peering over his shoulder with its claw to watch. Eventually, he held the sketchbook out to the bot, letting him see.
It apparently recognizes a friendly face—or at least the turkey wrap—because it beelines straight for Tony, leaping into his lap with nary a “how do you do” and trying to snag a bite of Tony’s wrap.
He stays, and fills out paperwork. Edits blueprints for R&D— tinkers until his eyes blur— and he doesn’t imagine Steve, warm in their bed, or the cold, empty spot where Tony usually sleeps.
“Well, I guess I can’t complain,” Steve said, scratching the back of his head. “We’re gonna make a shelter somewhere very happy.”
There was a brief, comfortable silence; everyone mentally prepping for battle. As usual, the silence was broken by Spider-Man.
Sitting up made the wound throb harshly, and Natasha hissed through her teeth as she settled gingerly against the headboard.
“Uh, what did I do?” he asks, holding up his hands. Not too close to Pepper, though, because she looks like she might bite him.
“Steve,” she said, her voice as smooth as an ice rink, and holding just the same hint of chill. “How many times have we had this conversation?” She began leading him away from the bar, and he hurriedly set his glass on a tray.
“I don’t care what we eat as long as it gets here fast and is packed with carbs,” Romanoff said. “Pull the trigger.”
It’s a simple, thick gold band, embedded with one small sapphire and a tiny diamond on either side. He’d agonized over the design, over his desire to get something enormously, disgustingly expensive, and had been so, so proud of himself when he managed to design something meaningful, and frugal enough not to make Steve uneasy. It’s even fairly utilitarian— the gems barely protrude from the band; won’t get caught on anything or be uncomfortable if Steve is caught in a fight with it. He’d been so sure that Steve would love it.
“What?” Steve says, scrunching up his face. He wants to look up at Tony incredulously, but he’s too tired.
Steve’s eyelids fluttered and his brow furrowed, and he sighed again, a long exhale, and opened his eyes.
Steve has shifted, his head tilted away from Tony now, but his breaths are still coming even and undisturbed. He’s asleep.
It wheeled away at full speed, which was about 5 miles per hour. Nonetheless, Steve let it go. The sketchbook didn’t have much in it anyway, and he was almost done with this novel.
After that, Steve can’t… stop noticing. Everything seems mostly fine, at first glance, but the more he watches…
He steals another glance at Steve. “I’m glad you came with me,” he admits lowly. “It was a stupid idea, I know, but I’ve never been on a road trip before. And I just wanted to spend some time with you and I figured the road was a good place to… to be healthy. Recharge our batteries.
“Hulk, wait! Calm down, buddy!” Spider-Man cried, clinging to the walls as the room began to spin on every axis.
As Tony paused at the top of the stairs, Steve felt suddenly uncertain. It was possible that he wasn’t any more up-to-date on modern dating than he was modern eating—maybe this was a strictly friendly excursion.
The cat sniffs his hand, but quickly loses interest when it doesn’t have food in it. Tony strokes along its side, feeling matted spots in the fur, and bones where he shouldn’t.
They eat lunch together in companionable quiet, watching joggers and birds. When the cat has licked the bowl clean, it licks its chops, yawns, and settles into Tony’s lap for a nap.
“No, that’s true. And I can help him. You can help him,” Rogers said. “Look, let’s just put the scepter away and sit down. I’ll tell you everything I know about Hydra and Bucky and — everything else, too.”
Steve sat in the chair next to Tony. Tony’d certainly gotten every decorating tool he could possibly have needed for the task, even if he had no idea how to use them.
They stopped at the intersection of the paths, and Storm thought it over. “Are everybody’s comms online?”
“We found the mechanism of the maze, we think,” he said. “Inasmuch as it’s a mechanism, that is. It’s obviously magic. Big glowing purple gem.”
“We can start with stuff about the Tesseract and scientists from Operation Paperclip. Pierce said SHIELD has had it for 70 years, I bet you anything that’s a lot of what they would have wanted those Nazi scientists for in the first place.”
Obediently, Natasha relaxed, letting waking thoughts drift away. Steve was warm and sleep-sweet beside her, and when she turned her head just slightly toward him they were resting literally cheek to cheek.
“Pierce is the only person I’ve ever heard Nick Fury call a friend,” Tony said. “I don’t think Fury even trusts his own mother, but he trusts this guy.”
“In truth, I am almost glad,” Thor said. “Had we succeeded I should have returned to Asgard immediately, and I would not have been able to see the friends I made in my first visit here.”
The minotaur charged at Iron Man. Cap dove out of the way. Iron Man blasted it with the repulsors at full force until the very last second, when he shot over the spectral beast’s head. “Olé!” he cried.
“Look, I can’t do it,” Bruce said. “No way. People are out for my blood, literally the government wants my blood. I gotta go back into hiding.”
“She’d have liked you because I love you,” he said. His expression was distant, fond. “She’d have been happy I found someone so wonderful. And she would have really, enthusiastically gotten on with you.”
Eventually they managed to pull away–or, at least, to stop kissing, because they were still pressed together from head to toe and smiling against each others’ skin.
The Quinjet’s holoprojector slid down from the ceiling, whirring to life as a video recording started to play on the hard light surface: a team of SHIELD agents struggling in the grips of writhing purple tentacles, their guns littering the floor.
“Looks like you ladies don’t know your classics,” the voice said, a nasty grin audible. “And as such, you’re doomed to fight them.”
Steve nudged him. “Hey, this is a great idea. Okay? I bet if you asked the others for help we could have this done in no time.”
“Bub, if those two were canoodling, I would know it,” Logan snorted, and started walking again. “My sniffer always knows.”
Steve sighs, relaxing against Tony’s warmth, and time goes fuzzy around him as he slides into a warm doze.
“I’m so glad you’re feeling better, Tony,” Pepper said. “And Steve, we’re so happy that you’re back. I hope you’ll be growing with us for a very long time.”
“I wanted to beat the Avengers,” the kid snarled. “I wanted to be the one to outsmart you! Everyone thinks you’re so great.”
“We’ll take it from here, agent,” Storm said, placing a hand on the woman’s shoulder. “Anything else we need to know?”
Tony pulled an ice pack out of the freezer, wrapping it in a dish towel. “I know,” he said, unconcerned. “I rescheduled a few things. We’re taking it easy for the next week.”
“Steve, what?” Tony snaps. “No I’m not— sick, or bad sick, or whatever else, I’m— I know I don’t have the greatest track record with that kind of thing, but I wouldn’t keep that from you. Why would you even think that?”
Natasha turned her head just enough to kiss whatever part of him was closest to her mouth. “She loved you.”
“There’s the Fourth Estate, and then there’s tabloid writers,” Steve grimaced. “I’m not sure they belong in the same category.”
A large pink blur bowled Steve over just as he neared a corner, smacking his head into the hard stone floor. “Ow,” he groaned.
“Tony,” Steve says waveringly, and then clenches his eyes shut and takes several gasping breaths. “Oh god,” he moans, and tears start to come, and Steve gulps at the air, shuddering. His breath takes on a distinct wheeze.
The wall quickly crumbled away under the force of the Hulk’s nausea, revealing a massive underground room. The room spun slowly to a halt.
So it was that on this day, instead of merely rolling his eyes or clenching that patriotic jaw as he usually would, Steve Rogers glanced furtively around the Avengers Mansion kitchen before picking up the offending article of journalism.
Dr. Banner was passed out on a cot that had been pushed against the far wall. Stark was sharing the space, crowded onto the foot of the cot with Banner’s feet in his lap. When an extremely harried medical tech had led Steve into the room, he’d looked around for a long second and opted to sit in a squeaky, wobbly little stool.
Steve squeezed his waist. “I think I might die of shame if someone else sees this. Why– we keep everything else clean, how did we let this get so bad?”
A second later Tony has flopped down on the bed beside Steve and propped himself up on a pillow. Steve eyes him suspiciously, but can’t find a trace of red in his face. If he did blush, it’s gone now.
“Let’s start with the stuff from the Tower,” Natasha said, and reached over to steal some of Steve’s popcorn. “We’ve more or less got a bead on how everything happened up until then — start with all of us returning here after the nuke, we can track ourselves in the footage. JARVIS, can you throw up timestamps please?”
It was true— the creepers didn’t hurt. Steve had a light touch, and the curl of his leafstalks around Tony’s stems was gentle, even tender, sweetly wrapped around the wicked curve of Tony’s thorns.
Tony finally broke when Steve’s leaves went from droopy to wilty; quite alarmed now, Tony decided to apologize.
“No, come on, you have your own food this time,” Tony says, grinning, and tucks his wrap away in the bag so he can open the cat food can.
“He said ‘Hail Hydra,’” Steve said. “They’re Hydra. That’s what Hydra says. They handed him the scepter because they’re Hydra.”
are you?” Steve asks again, demands this time. He turns to face Tony and his eyes are wet, his face is wretched and pale and wrecked. “What did you mean by
Iron Man’s footsteps sounded heavily just in front of Steve. He stared at the back of Iron Man’s red and gold helmet, wondering what on earth he’d done to upset him.
A dark-skinned woman with a doctorate in biochemistry, a nonprofit that provided free afterschool for at-risk youth, and a low-cut yellow dress kissed Tasha on both cheeks and bid her farewell, shooting Steve a little wink as she did so and taking most of the gaggle of women with her.
“Out of your league?” Iron Man sounded downright strangled now, like he couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
“Doesn’t have to be a class, more like… a club. No grades. No authority. We could maybe get Tommy involved on that last aspect alone.”
Tony comes back the next day with a can of gourmet kitty food and another turkey wrap. He sits on the bench and watches expectantly for about five minutes.
“I don’t know what you mean unless you tell me,” Steve hummed, clicking to the next photo, one from a gala. Tasha’s shoulders were visibly tight in it, and he recalled the hour he spent massaging the tension out of them afterwards. He skipped it.
When Tony wakes up, it’s to a vicious crick in his neck and the familiar sensation of Steve’s hand stroking up and down his spine. For a moment, he forgets— he lets Steve ease him to his feet and pull him into his arms, tucks his face against Steve’s neck and sighs as Steve starts massaging his neck.
“You know, there’s a handful of artistically-inclined kids among the students,” Tony said, tapping at the sketchbook. “You could get some kind of group together, do something with that.”
…God, why doesn’t Steve want to marry him? What has he been doing wrong? He thinks… he supposes it’s been going well. They love each other. Steve loves him.
Steve certainly says so often enough— or, at least, he had, Tony realizes. For the past two weeks or so, not as much, but Tony thought— they’ve been busy. Just because they’ve been too busy to verbally confirm that they still love each other doesn’t mean that they don’t. Does it?
Steve ducked his head. “This is really not the time to be discussing his,” he muttered, obscurely glad that Storm wasn’t here to see him being so unprofessional.
"I meant coffee" Tony says and the man flushes in embarassment. He watches with a sort of detachment as red spills over his ears, watches as the few freckles are brought to life by the colour.
"Morning" he mumbles and she snorts at him over the phone. He can hear her secretary whispering in the background in a panicked tone, telling her “Ms. Potts, please. You can not keep Mr. Smalls waiting in the conference room”.
"Why don't you go over and say hi?" Carol encourages and Tony scoffs as he slumps down on the Lazy Boy, his hand already cradled with a glass of red wine.
No one, not even the team knew. Maybe they suspected, but they had never announced to anyone else that they had been seeing each other. Ruefully, Tony thinks, it had been just another secret they both shared.
All the breath in his lungs is stolen away, as his chest squeezes so tightly that he sways to the wall in order to steady himself. There's a sharp pain running up and down his left hand that makes him double over. He overestimates his strength because he does not realize that he can no longer hold up his body anymore. He cries out as he stumbles to the floor. He hears Peter shouting for him and at F.R.I.D.A.Y but his mouth doesn't respond to his command of "Open up so I can tell Peter not to worry".  His tongue is too heavy and he can feel himself fading. His last thought is of Peter, who he knows will never recover from seeing him like this.
He just screams privileged asshole, and that's coming from Tony Stark, The Privileged Asshole himself.
His mind is too cramped, his skin feels too tight, like its stretched too thin over fragile bones, that if he makes a sudden move, he'll burst at the seams. He wants another drink, but he's trying to cut back, especially after last week when he nearly drowned in his own shower after he passed out. He pinches at his nose, hoping to relieve the building pressure at his forehead, when he feels someone staring at him. "That doesn't help, you know" a deep voice says and he glances at the blonde he nicknamed the Captain in his mind, joins him on the ledge.
They try to hide behind their smiles and shining blue eyes, fiery red hair and stony gazes, but Tony knows.
"It was his mother's" Steve adds and he can't look at Sam as his pocket feels that much heavier with such an admission.
That is what makes him move, which prompts him to gently place his hand over the man's chest, right over his heart. They both still at the contact, as that too thin of a hand, that built as much as it destroyed, remained on the hard planes of a chest that heaved at the warmth from that calloused palm. When Tony goes to remove his hand, the man places his both hands on his. Tony's weak body shudders and the man doesn't say anything. He only squeezes his hand a little before letting go.  "You'll be okay" Tony says as he steps away. The man sniffs and nods, but they both know that's as much as a goodbye they'll get. Tony watches him once more before turning away, and then with wobbly legs walks off.
He doesn't want to talk and the man who's trying but failing to make himself smaller, seems to pick up on this.
Even though they have seen him hold it in his hands, especially on the rough days when they can't save everyone.
"Antonio" he says and tilts his head back so that he can look at him in the eyes. The smile he receives is so bright, his fingers tremble, because it's been a long time since he's illicted such a reaction from someone, and the tiny part that had always coveted the company of humans, that loved people just for the sake of loving them, preens at that smile. He looks away, when blue becomes too probing and misses the way those eyes flicker with sadness. He stands with a forced ease, and awkwardly smiles at Steve, who is comfortable now with openly staring at him in a way that it seems like he's trying to understand him. Too bad, only a select few get a chance, he thinks to himself while he nods at Steve before walking away.
"It's okay. I'm sure I'll try them next time" he assures her and she nods. He pats her shoulder, awkwardly as can be and offers a tiny grin. "I'm sure they were great," he adds and she smiles.
"I'm going to eat yoghurt " he says and she groans at him as she drums her fingers on her table. She only does that when she is agitated.
"We'll call you" Rhodey says against his temple, his body curled tightly against Tony's. They're standing in the open doorway, where anyone can see them, and he knows that they're only doing this so the rumors and the games would stop. He chuckles as Carol smiles at him from over Rhodey's shoulder, and he reaches out so they can twine their fingers together. "Promise me you'll take care of yourself" he whispers and Tony can only nod, as they cling to each other on the threshold.
Tony grunts and wipes away the drool from the corner of his face. He sits up and yawns as Jarvis places the platter on his lap. "I wish I woke up like a Disney Princess" Tony says, voice pitched low and croaky from his sleep.
He's a med student, Tony discerned from the mountains and mountains of anatomy books, hence the doctor and the Snobby comes from Tony's attempt at conversation the first time he sat down at the table.
"Tony gave it to me" Steve says and he doesn't hold back the chuckle as Sam sends him the most incredible "Oh Shit" faces he's ever seen.
When he thinks about spending his life with Steve he can't help the pleased shivers that scatter down his spine.
"He's lost weight again" Steve finally says and Wanda presses her forehead on his shoulder when he starts to shake. "I will speak to Vision" she murmers at him and Steve swallows, though he nods again. Even Sam joins in on comforting the man, by patting his shoulder.
RIP shitty elevator carpet, Tony thinks and has to fight the sudden urge to make the sign of the cross.
His fingers tremble as Steve tugs his body across the space between them, and he smiles as the cotton sheets gives way like a ship gliding through the ocean. "Come here" Steve commands, though his voice is not harsh as it is when he's in charge. Tony inhales the sweetness of his cologne, the one that Natasha had given him for his birthday, the one that Steve once admitted, smelled like something his father wore. He presses his face into the soft skin of his neck, and breathes until the only thing he can smell is Steve.
"When I was younger, I hated you" Tony confesses and Steve sharply inhales at the words. "Couldn't for the life of me, understand why Howard loved you, a man he blarily knew, when he couldn't even stand to remain three minutes in the presence of his son. I hated myself, because I could never live up to you, and hated the man who made Howard happy like his family never could. In my childish folly, it was easier to blame you for turning him into such a cold man and when I got older, I hated you again. Because I realized he was the problem, and only you could be the solution, that only you deserved his love, like not even Mom or me could. But when I met you, even when we were dicks to each other-" Tony pauses with a wistful shake of the head that makes Steve fucking flinch.
He would never allow himself to be happy, because he will feel like he is betraying the ones who didn't survive like he did.
"I can hear you, Anthony" his father calls from behind the closed door and Tony sighs as said door flings open. He swallows as his father gazes at him with a face seemingly carved of granite. He looks at Jarvis who bows low and sure, before his eyes land on his clothes. "Really?" His father asks and Tony swallows down his eggs.
She's beautiful, even when the disease has robbed her of vitality. She's the brightest thing in the room, like a dying star bursting into the endless darkness of infinite space, demanding for all to gaze at its dangerous beauty. She wheezes and when her gaze lands on him, he flinches. "Come here my sweet boy" she calls out to him and he watches as his father retreats into himself.
"I don't know. Maybe Bruce" he says with a cheeky shrug. He yelps as Steve stands, carrying all of Tony's weight with him, as Tony clutches at sturdy shoulders and wraps his legs tighter around that trim waist. "Asshole" Tony hisses when he feels the laughter vibrating through the man. He freezes when plump lips presses a light kiss on his sensitive neck.
"I'm glad" the man sighs and blows on his coffee. The sight curls his toes and dries his throat. The other man smiles at him when he's caught. "Saw you on the news the other day" he throws out and Tony listens to the rain a little.
It reminds him of the only man who loved him enough not to hurt him. The only one who cared about Tony, who existed behind the Stark, the boy who could never be good enough for a father who chased after dead heroes and a mother who could never be strong enough to choose the son over the husband. The man who looked after the sweet child and who made sure that at least one person on Earth could say that they truly loved Tony Stark.
Tony looks at him, really looks at him for the first time that night, and the man's hand begin to shake, his Adam's apple bobs as those eyes, the colour of that which gives life, the damp Earth that buries those in its grasp, the colour of his Ma's favourite sweater, the one that belonged to his Pa, that smelled of his faded cologne, the colour that stained the pages of his sketchpad and his fingers, those eyes that had showed him, exactly how deep the hurt could lie within a person's soul, the colour of a man who died under his fists every night.
"I'm offering you cookies, Antonio," Wanda says when she realizes that Tony doesn't exactly understand what she's trying to tell him. Tony's eyes widen and he coughs when his dry throat nearly chokes down his words. He wants to reject her offer but her eyes stop him.
"Miss Potts" Vision says as he appears next to Steve. Pepper, shakes her head as the boy continues to fall apart in her arms. Steve watches as she looks away from them, when Natasha approaches.
No one says anything, not even Wanda who offers comfort the only way she knows, by patting his back.
"His name" she says and Natasha is now sitting in Bucky's lap, her eyes narrowed. "Antonio" she breathes and murmurs flood the apartment at the revelation.
"That's why I managed to book another one for this afternoon. You have to get there for 2" she tells him and Tony groans.  "You're welcome" she jokes as he whines.
He hates the way he has to force a shiver down as that gaze glides over his face, mocking him with its perceptive concern. He looks away when those eyes, the harbringer of his now recurring nightmares, the ones which once upon a time promised paradise, graze over the wrinkles near his eyes, the new ones that have accumulated over the past year.
"I made cookies" she tells him and Tony jolts when he realizes that she's talking to him. "Chocolate chip" she adds and Tony nods. Because he has no idea as to why she's telling him this.
"I realized why Howard and Aunt Peg loved you so much. You have this power that draws people to you, that demands loyalty, that makes it easy for men to follow you into war just because you asked them to. You were always a brilliant leader but more than that, you have always been a better man. Someone so kind, so selfless, someone so true to his own morals, who never faltered, never in the face of righteousness" he says and reaches out to Steve who doesn't look like he's breathing. "So when I asked you if you knew" Tony whispers and Steve recoils, pulling away so quickly his elbow hits the edge of the table and his coffee spills into the surface, brown sticky substance staining the wood.
Tony had been home schooled by his mother and the plethora of the 'best' tutors could hire since he was a babe. After the one attempt of public education had gone wrong years ago, his mother decided to educate him on her own. Now that she- Tony rips his toast into his mouth and cuts the thought off. "Stark men don't cry" His father blandly replies but he doesn't quite manage to cover up the twitching of his left eye at the admonition.
He doesn't relax, because if he only loosens the hold he has on his control, Tony knows he will shatter.
He wants to promise that he will at least try, but the words remain stuck under his tongue, too heavy to utter, too fake to be true, so he remains silent and nods again.
"Yeah, I did. She was one of the saddest people I've ever met" his mother replies, and Steve remembers the first time his mother came home after meeting Maria Stark. She hadn't said a word, just went to bed without changing her clothes and cried until her skin flushed red. Steve had held her that night and cried with her.
"You found yourself" Tony says and the man blinks at him. He looks away again as the man's entire face softens.
Besides, he has enough people to worry over now, and even as he's thinking it, he glances over at Peter, who is humming as he finishes up his homework.
However, before she could reply, a loud incessant beeping erupts into the silence and his head shoots upwards. A scream bubbles in his throat as his mother is looking at him with the sweetest smile on her face. Hands grab at his shoulders as he's pulled away from the bed, as the nurses and doctor rush into the room to save her, but they all know she's gone to a place far from their reach.
"H-how have you been?" The Captain asks and Tony hums. He's never once heard him falter, but now, seeing him dressed in a black pair of jeans, with a white t-shirt partially hidden by a plaid shirt and brown jacket, with a beard clinging to his face, his hair longer than he's ever seen, the ends almost curling to the base of his ears, he can certainly see why his Aunt Peg had fallen in love with this man.
Carol is sitting in front of the televison, lazily lounging with a beer on her hand, her hair tied in a messy bun, wearing one of Rhodey's hoodies and a pair of black leggings, the perfect juxtapositon that she is. Rhodey is sitting at her feet, his head pressed on her thigh, as she scratches at his scalp. They're the perfect picture of happiness, that it leaves him achy.
After Barnes had been discovered as the Winter Soldier, as Steve spent more time chasing after ghosts, as Aunt Peggy died and after Ultron, their feelings shifted and changed.
He's wearing glasses now, as he blankly stares at the proposals on the uneven table that rocks every time he moves.
This Steve is so much different that the Steve from a year ago. This is the Steve he had caught glimpses of, the Steve that came up with silly nicknames, who stopped even in the middle of a mission to speak with kids, to reassure them that their parents were okay, who loved the world even though it had left him behind.
He thinks back to what Pepper had once told him, "He's the closest that humanity has gotten at perfection, but even the great Captain is flawed"
"Nope" Tony says and Carol pats Rhodey's arm when his back tenses. Unlike before, Tony hardly speaks anymore. He's withdrawn and wary in a way that leaves Rhodey angry, not at his brother but at the unfairness of the world.
"W-I've been busy too" the Captain says with a sad twist of the lips and a nervous laugh. Tony turns his entire body to the still chuckling man and the movement makes the Captain freeze, robbing him of all noise.
Tony feels the need to spit out the venom that's stuck in his mouth, that tears at his tongue, that wants to pulls the very air from his lungs, leaving him with a kind of dizziness that promises darkness, the kind of hatred that destroys the man.
"Guilty" he pipes up and Tony smiles around his glass of orange juice. "I've laid out your 'outfit' sir" he adds and Tony glances at the pair of black jeans, his lucky, very washed out Led Zepplin t-shirt and a pair of those red Chucks that always pissed his father off.
Even now he had desperately hoped that they would come together once more, that they would bridge the gap between them and create something new, something stronger. But as the days passed, Steve knows that Tony is too far away from him.
Anthony Stark is the first to look away, a frown on his lips as he turns his back on them and Steve feels like an idiot. His mother is right. He stands on his feet, ignoring the shouts from his friends as he uses his toned legs, a result of being football Captain, and runs after the retreating boy. He was stupid to assume....the thought "
Bucky had laughed so hard, he snorted soda up his nose and had to hide his face on Sam's shoulder as they laughed at him. They're seated outside for lunch, under their tree, when Steve forgets about that one essay he has yet to finish. "I'm off to the library" he says, picking up his bag and avoids the fry to his head.
Even when his father ruthlessly liked to remind him that they paid Jarvis to be there, that he didn't ever truly cared, that it had been his job.
Said speech had been delivered in the snidest tone he had ever heard from another human being besides Howard.
"Give them hell, Shellhead" the man shouts when he crosses the road and without looking back, Tony raises a peace sign at him before disappearing  around the corner.
"I know you don't want to hear it, but I am sorry you know" Steve says and Tony stops packing so he can look at him.
"It doesn't work. I'm not....It never helps" he confesses and Pepper doesn't say anything. He listens to her breathe for a minute, listens to the sound of paper rustling and a finger tapping away at the desk, and it grounds him.
"Antonio" he rasps and she flinches a little when he answers. It's probably the first time he's acknowledged one of his neighbours enough to speak, so it's the first time any of them has heard his voice.
It leaves Steve more numb than he's ever felt. He had thought foolishly that they would rebuild (because isn't that what Tony once told him, he is so famous for?) what they once had, but when Tony announced his engagement to Pepper, he showed Steve that there is no forgiveness to be shared any more between them.
He ignored the boy's chuckling as he uses his spit to rub off the crude drawing, before stuffing all of his shit into his bag.
He doesn't say anything to that. Instead he thanks Wanda and deeming this enough interaction for the day, he runs back to the protection of his apartment.
"I hate when you call him that" Steve says as he closes the door behind him. He washes his hand while Clint rolls his eyes. "What did he say to you?" He asks and Wanda shrugs off her coat, to join Clint near the kitchen.
"Yes" is all he can say as she continues to decimate him with her glare. She doesn't even look at Natasha or Vision as she walks away, her heels clicking on the floor as she goes.
He's scruffier now. Older too. The beard makes Tony's fingers itch, makes him want to do something foolish like reach out and touch his face. Instead, he taps the table with his pen.
"It's near twelve, Tones" she says to him with a softer tone and he hums a little to let her know he's listening. "Have you eaten? Or taken your medication?" She asks and he turns again, listening to the city that drums through the phone.
He glances at the clock to see it's already nearing noon and groans. He contemplates on whether or not he should let it go straight to voicemail but he knows that if he misses her call, she'll just show up at his door.
Since then Steve had not made any more efforts to meet with him, and while he's happy, he's always so sad, that sometimes Pepper catches him staring at the open door, almost like he's waiting for Steve to show up.
He can hear the wind howling outside, can see how the lights flicker over head, how the door bells chimes at the way the door is slammed from the forceful gale, can feel the cold inching closer to his skin.
He watches out of the corner of his eyes as the man dabs the napkin at his mouth, watches as the girl returns to fuss over him, watches as he laughs with her at his dorky joke, assuring her that he's fine, watches as she finally leaves, and as he continues to chuckle.
"Did he call? " Tony asks and freezes when a knock echoes in the dim light of the rising sun. His wide eyes turn accusingly at Jarvis.
It was his grandfather's watch, his mother's father he means. The only thing he had to pass down to his daughter, a man who had no other riches to offer his headstrong daughter who left Italy determined to 'make it'. When she arrived on American soil, she made sure to shed any hints of her Italian accent and went to work for one of the largest companies in the country, where she met one of the richest men in the world. The rest as they say, is history. She always carried her father's pocket watch, claiming that it was her lucky charm.
"It's been awhile" the man says, because he's not Steve to Tony anymore. Maybe, a dark voice hisses, he never was.
"You asshole" the Russian snarls and Tony is forced to take a step back as the Russian launches himself at the dude. Wanda sighs as the Russian chases down the other man, who's clearly enjoying having to run for his life.
Tony is nervous. Class had just let up, and as he walked down the hallway, half listening to what Darcy is saying and scoping the halls for Steve, his hands trembled with each jolt his heart made. His hands are sweaty, and his tongue is jammed against his teeth on an effort to calm himself, when a shoulder bumps into his. He sees Darcy staring at him and the tension eases a little. "You'll be fine. They'll love you" she promises and he releases a breath as he stares at this wonderful, silly girl who has decided to keep him as her own. He doesn't understand why, but for some reason, Darcy has taken him as her friend and won't let him go. He knows she has no interest in his father's money, and she has no extra motive, no greed for the things he could make, instead she's enraptured by his awkwardness like a moth to a flame. "Come on" she urges him and she makes sure not to touch his skin. She's perceptive like that. He follows her through the tunnel of people who glance at him, the novelty of having a celebrity kid in their midst wearing off with each antisocial move on his part and when they make it outside, near the tree of boisterous teenagers, Tony feels the nausea at the back of his throat. Steve perks up again when they stare at each other, and Tony's fingers twitch at the intensity of that blue gaze. "Yeah" Darcy laughs as she pulls him to her friends who quieten down when they stand in front of them.
Instead he tells him "It was just a feeling. A thought that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her".
"Boys" Natasha says though she smiles at Bruce who returns the gesture. Steve pulls Bucky in for a one armed hug, as his best friend frowns at Sam's disappearing back.
"I'm staring at you because you have a penis drawn on your cheek" is written on the next note and Tony makes a loud garbled noise that causes numerous heads to swivel towards his direction. He grabs his phone from the table and uses the screen to look at his cheek. When he sees said penis, he inwardly screams.
"Hello to you too" Pepper says and he lays down on the pillow, rubbing away the sleep from his eyes. The cotton feels nice against his skin.
It's been awhile now since he last saw Steve on that night, since he broke what little love that had not been shattered by Ultron or even Siberia.
"Poor isn't the right word to describe them" Sam snorts darkly but they don't pay him any attention. Steve is focused on Howard Stark, who stands before his wife's grave, every bit of the cold Titan he's rumored to be. Beside him, stands his son who embodies the words fluffy. He's short, with a head of the softest curls, and the prettiest face no boy should ever have. He's swaddled in a black coat, that probably costs more than his mom's salary at the hospital.
The brief glimpse into Stark leaves Steve reeling. His chest hurts as he rejoins his friends who are surprised to see him again. He drops near Natasha and without a word lays his head on her lap. She smooths the wrinkles on his forehead and he closes his eyes. His Ma always did say he's too quick to judge, and damn, did he misjudge Anthony Stark.
Natasha flicks Anthony on the butt and he glares at her, while she returns the poisonous look. Sam wipes his face and doesn't say anything as Bucky sits on his lap.
"That's good" he says when no one says anything. The Russian is glaring at the floor with intense eyes and a rigid pose. He looks like he's going to murder the carpet.
"Can I ask a question?" Peter asks, and Tony glances at him, watching the way he twists his hands together nervously. Sometimes, he swears that he sees so much of Steve in Peter, from that churlish sense of humor to that tenacious sense of justice. Sometimes, he lets himself think of how much Steve would like Peter.
"There will be people in the school to take care of any threats" his father says apropos of nothing. Tony nods and his father moves slowly towards him. Tony tenses as his father places a silver pocket watch on the bed, and Tony pushes away the gasp he feels in his chest. The rose engraved at the back mocks him, and the loss feels acidic in his mouth. "She would have wanted you to have it" his father says, looking everywhere but at him.
He hasn't seen or heard him pray aloud and Steve is ashamed to admit that once, he had thought that a man who immersed himself in so much science would certainly have no interest in something like God.
"You've been quiet" Peter says after a minute of staring at each other. Tony's trying to pinpoint the exact second he saw Peter move from just this good but kind of naive kid who needed all the help he could get or else he would die (And Tony had enough blood on his hands and did not need this kid joining the party), to a capable young man who he would gladly take a bullet for.
He had a good day yesterday considering that he's spoken to people, but just as the day ends and another begins, he knows it's going to be horrible.
Tony almost snorts to himself but that would be too inviting and the last thing he wants to do, is allow this asshole to break the silence.
"I'm sorry" she mumbles and Tony just raises his hand to her shoulder. She looks like she's just discovered that her puppy has just died.
"It's in our blood. A curse from generation to generation that makes sure that no one can remain in love with a Stark" his father had hissed at him, on the night that his father always observed, a sort of mourning for the great Captain that had fallen, on the night when Tony had bothered to check on the old drunk.
Tony cradles the watch in his hands and his father's throat bobs as Tony nods to himself. "I, uh, I thought you would want some luck on your first day"his father says and Tony squeezes the watch in his hand.
"And who is going to protect you?" Steve asks, his voice thick with an emotion that Tony refuses to decode.  He leans forward and Steve arches an eyebrow as Tony kisses his nose before pulling away.
Steve frowns as the buzz dies down by lunch time. Anthony Stark's arrival is anti-climatic as people gossips.
He feels so overwhelmed with like for this man, that Tony makes his decision. Steve jerks as he slips the necklace around his neck, as the cold silver touched his skin. "For protection" he tells him and Steve sets wide eyes on him.
Apparently he walked into the school undetected and when it was time to introduce himself to his class, he looked at his classmates and announced "I hate people".
"Me too" he replies and without hesitation, he steps outside and into the welcoming arms of the thunderstorm.
"I think it's a nice statement, don't you?" Tony states as he sips on his orange juice, smacking his lips loudly at the bored look on his father's face. "The sociopath of a Stark, who couldn't shed a tear at his mother's funeral finally decides to join the rest of plebeian society, in a move that stinked of desperation on his family's part to make the boy seem more human" Tony reads from memory, courtesy of an online blog he read, once it had came out that Anthony Edward Stark would attend his last semester of high school in a local school.
He moves to leave again, when something catches his eye. The necklace that always remain hidden in Tony's bedside drawer next to a weathered Bible and crystal rosary, is in his clasped hands.
He doesn't know how they got to the point that Parker is now doing his homework in his lab, or why everytime he looks at the child, that he feels this sort of fierce protectiveness over him, that makes him just want to swaddle this little boy in a blanket and feed him soup. He stops working as the thought filters through the calculations and he has to sit down. "What the fuck" he whispers and Peter's head whips towards his direction so fast, he feels sorry for the boy's neck.
"It's okay" the man whispers and Tony doesn't say anything as his friend helps him put on the watch.
He's sitting across from Sam and Bucky, on his ratty couch, snacking on a pop tart as the two argue. His mother is in the kitchen, humming to the sounds of Sinatra as Steve tries but fails to complete his summer homework.
"I was getting ready " Tony says as he picks up his keys and his wallet. He stops when he sees the watch laying on the counter. If he turns it around he knows what he will see. His hands tremble as the fear wraps around his throat. He flinches when Happy wraps the band over his wrist.
Almost as though she read his thoughts, his mother shoots him the most disappointed stare she could muster. Before he could apologize, she stalks out the room, leaving Steve with an embarrassed, blotchy face.
They call him names like Bigfoot and the Yeti (especially the blonde with the hawk tattoo on his arm), make it into a game, where anyone who sees him outside his apartment would win five dollars or some shit.
"Busy" Tony says and glances behind them, where he knows the others are hiding. The few people walking by ignore them, because what is so interesting about those two men standing in a random road in France?
"I could not for the life of me, understand how you could lie to me for so many months. How you could pretend for so long even when you laid down with me on those shitty nights, when you pressed your forehead against mine just to make the trembling stop, when we cried together about dead mothers, when I opened up to you about Howard and his asshole tendencies, even when I confessed to you, whispering in those tender silences about how much I missed him even when I hated him, even after all of that, even when we promised never to hurt each again and still look me in the eye, like my pain was never a priority.... it destroyed me" he whispers, and by the time he's finishes, his own cheeks are soaking wet. Steve is crying too, his eyes downcast, focused on his lap.
"Hello Antonio" Wanda speaks up and she's looking at him now. Tony nods as the Russian glances at him from the corner of his eyes.
He hates how his hands start to shakes, hates how he has to shove them in the pockets of his dress pants, hates the pull in his stomach, quesy with anticipation and rattled with nerves.
Almost like he's hoping to see that stupid beard of his, that somehow makes him more approachable, softer in the sense that even if you take a good look at him, you dare not think he resembles Captain Patriotism.
His betrayal is too deep, too familiar and he knows that when Tony can no longer deal with the damage, Tony tends to hide behind the walls that his father had all but founded.
He becomes a Stark, so that Tony can survive. "I think this is the last time you will ever see me, sweetheart" he whispers as he stands. He leans down and closes his eyes as he kisses his forehead. He hopes that all the love that he has for this beautiful man can be poured into this one kiss because he knows that this will be the last time he has the chance to this. He swears that his love for this man, who gave his everything for a world that doesn't deserve his dedication, a man who he never once admitted that owned his heart, will not hurt him again. He pulls away and takes one last look at him through watery eyes. "Till we meet again, Shellhead" he whispers and leaves before he can destroy him further.
"Promise me" she rasps and when he opens his eyes, she's staring at him. "Promise me that you won't turn into a Stark" she says and his eyes widen. He knows his father is outside, listening to their conversation. He wonders what kind of face he's making at this. "I want you to be happy, my sweet boy. I want you to live your life as you please, love who you want. So don't try to be someone you're not. Don't let yourself be turned into something that is as rotten as a Stark" she cries and he tries to soothe her, but her body shakes with her own desperation. He wipes her eyes with his handkerchief, the one she gave him when he was twelve, because as she said, that was the age of adulthood and a gentleman always had a handkerchief on him. She wetly laughs at the panic on his face and pats his cheek.
So no, he does not miss Steve, despite what people may say. (Shut up, Rhodey. No one is talking to you)
His shirts, a fainted pink shirt he had ruined when they started living together. The sleeves had to be rolled up to his elbows or they would drown him, the collar opened, as the blue tattoo peeked out for the world to glimpse at. He's wearing a pair of grey sweatpants with a pair of black socks, because his feet often got cold.
Yet, despite that, throughout the time spent together, he has seen him with the necklace, eyes closed as though he's offering up a word to the heavens. "There were problems" he starts and Steve feels his body move towards him. He gingerly sits on the other side of Tony who moves a little away from him.
"They're just curious" Rhodey says, one day when he finallys gets a day off. He spent the first half of the morning at Carol's before the two barged into the living room with beer and take out.
Steve is a man who carries the bodies of his loved ones every where he goes, and so his own body has always been taunt.
Because he isn't comforted by the formidable tactical Captain but by the sometimes elusive Steve, the Brooklyn kid who fought even though he got his ass kicked just because he hated bullies.
Even the Russian and Hawkass stops whatever they are doing to stare at her. They look seconds away from swaddling her in a warm blanket and nursing her warm chocolate.
" beats a rhythm in his mind and he doesn't stop until he's holding a too thin wrist in his rough hands.
Yet as he's moving to stand, an ugly laugh, one rattled with so much sorrow, stops him and leaves him breathless. His mind panics as flashbacks of asthma attacks plagues his mind but he manages to
Tony watches the tears that cling to fair eyelashes, feels the sorrow that seeps into every pore of the man sitting before him and feels his heart beat for him.
"We had help" Vision says and he can see the tension rising between them. Vision may have not told them the full story, but they know that when he chose to be with Wanda, it had caused a huge rift  between the three of them.
"Yes, it's true" Pepper answers, as she stands. Happy takes over for her, whispering something to the boy who hasn't stopped crying. He wipes his face with the sleeve of his hoodie and blushes when he realizes they are staring at him. "Go get some water, okay" she tells him gently and he nods before following after Happy. He doesn't say anything to them, just walks past with trembling lips and shaking hands. Pepper watches him and waits until he disappears down the corner before she speaks again. "I would like nothing better than to call security on you three, but if I did, Tony will never forgive me. For some insane reason, he still cares for you all, especially you Captain " she says as she slips on her jacket. As she fixes her hair, the glint of her enagement ring, leaves him queasy. "So while I have some calls to make, I will allow you five minutes alone with him. After that, you all need to get the hell away from my fiancee" she says as she steps closer to Steve who stands straighter as those cold eyes dare him to go against her orders. "Do you understand?"she asks, and the steel in her voice, cuts him down to pieces.
Tony is returning from his session when he meets up with the deadly Russian and Wanda in the elevator. She's clinging to the man's tampered waist as he smiles at something she's mumbling from where she has her face smashed into his chest. The Russian looks at him from the moment the doors open and when Tony steps inside. He moves to the far corner, and stares at the doors when they close.
It's his source of strength in trying times and today he needs the familiar weight to anchor him. He cradles the pendant in his large hands and finishes up his prayer just in time to  hear Sam enter the small hotel room. "You're staring at it again" Sam says as he crosses over to him, handing him a bottle of water to ease the discomfort of the sweltering heat. "Whose was it? Your mother's or your father's?" he dares to ask as he sits down on the bed opposite from his, gulping down water from his own bottle. Steve smiles as he tucks the necklace back into his pocket.
"When Maria married Howard, everyone knew, hell even she knew that they would have problems conceiving. Howard was already old and even though no one knew, infertility ran in Maria's blood. So after two years of marriage and still she hadn't produced an heir, she flew back to Italy. She had to see her mother because Mama knew best"  Tony tells him. Steve remains silent as always whenever he gets the privilege of learning about Maria or Howard.  "So Mama gives her the necklace her own Mama gave her and she tells her to ask St. Anthony for help. And Maria, who had once forgotten about the God who had helped her to marry her American Titan, drops to her knees and begs for a son. She fasts for an entire month, doesn't eat or drink for days until they have to force an I.V on her. She pleads until her knees are black and blue. She prays in Italian, English and even in Latin to a God she doesn't even believe in anymore. When Howard  finally gets her back, he's forced to hide her away because he doesn't want her to embarrass him. It's the last time she ever gets to visit Italy but what they don't know is that the trip pays off. Because two months later, when she goes in for food poisoning, the doctor tells her that she's pregnant" Tony says, clutching onto the necklace. " She doesn't dare tell Howard of her suspicions, but Maria always felt that the patron saint helped her, so when I was born, she fought Howard until he finally relented and they named me Anthony" Tony whispers as he looks out the window, lost in the memories of a life that had never been kind to him, with parents who did not have it in them to translate feelings of love to their vulnerable child, instead they left that job to their English butler and his wife.
"About Stephen" he whispers and Dr. Gooding just nods. "I dreamt of the first time we spoke to each other" he says as he glances at the plant again. He can see a tiny spider dancing along it's plastic veins.
"You are not supposed to be here" Rhodey addresses them and ignores the weak smile Natasha sends his way.
The desire to fight had always been burning, the grief and loneliness pushed to the background where it couldn't reach anyone.
Almost as cold as those eyes who faced down at him, mocking him with its resignation as the shield beared down on him with an unforgiving justice.
"How do we recover from this?" he pleads but Steve doesn't have any answers for him and doesn't offer any promises either. Tony, when he finally has regained the last of his strength, he manages to wipe his face. As he gets up, Steve's shoulders are shaking now.
And knowing that he isn't the one who stood by his side, to be there for such a transformation, kills him.
"I see that" the man says and sips on his coffee, hissing when it burns his tongue. Tony nearly cracks, nearly laughs at the giant dork but manages to look away at the right moment. He sees the way Natasha and Sam smirk at him, the way the three converse without words, the blantant display of a shared trust that makes Tony burn and ache.
He sits down without looking at the other boy, takes out his books and starts making notes for one of his mid terms, when his neck prickles. He's being watched. He looks up to see Dr. Snobby looking at him.
"Well that went better than expected" Sam says as the three of them join him. He's the only one to break the silence, watching as their leader wiped away the clinging wetness from his cheeks.
Oh fuck. Fuck. Oh fuck. Pepper is going to kill him. Oh shit. Does Pepper know he likes this kid like he likes Harley? Oh shitttt. She doesn't know about Harley. "Mr. Stark?" He asks, and he can be hear the panic in his voice as Tony panics himself.
After he nursed a broken heart and helped Rhodey with his physical therapy, he reached out to Pepper again. And once more, after they rebuilt the scattered remains of their relationship, she took her place beside him.
"Oh he's moved in here for three months now, and we still never saw his face once. We don't even know if he's alive in there"
Bucky is cackling (fuck you Steve, I don't cackle, I chortle at best) at the rubber band that snaps against Sam's forehead, when the camera shifts and changes to the funeral. His mother who's walked into the living room, is frowning at the way they zero in on the remaining Stark family. "Why don't they ever leave those poor people alone?" She asks with a shake of her head and a pat to the heart.
"Ooh you made her mad" Sam sings and grunts when Bucky elbows him on the ribs for his unnecessary commentary.
All the soft emotions disappears from his face, only for a harsh desolate coldness to remain. Tony watches as his father gets up, kisses his wife on the forehead and leaves. No words shared, no comfort offered to each other as his father breezes by him. "He'll come around" his mother says for the millionth time, though this time sounds like the last.
"Oh, they're the best" Hawkass pipes up and he whines when the Russian kicks him on the butt to shut him up.
"That's much better. But that's not what I called you about. It's about Dr. Gooding. He says you missed your appointment again" she says and Tony leans against the counter after he puts on the coffee maker.
It's almost as cold as that dirty Siberian floor, laying in a casket of decimated metal, aching with broken ribs and a shattered heart.
He simply nods and she claps. The Russian is enchanted with her enthusiasm but he seems distrustful of Tony. He's wary when they get off the elevator and when they follow her to her apartment. He clearly doesn't want to leave Wanda alone with Tony. She smiles encouragingly at him when she opens her door and she shouts when they meet Hawkass munching down on what seems to be the last of said chocolate chip cookies.
Tony jolts when fingers caress his forearm, and when he looks back at Steve, his breath catches in a ruined chest. Since they have started this thing [Tony refuses to label it because he has this fear that once he uses the B word, that it will splinter at the seams], he isn't stiff with tension.
They're left alone together, the silence deafening and cold, as she studies him. When her eyes stray at the dull gold band on his finger, pity clouds her eyes. "Hi" she whispers, and there's bit of an accent in her throaty voice. She tucks a stray strand of hair behind her ear and gazes at him shyly. "My name's Wanda" she adds and he thinks that if he was alive, he would have appreciated the mysterious aura that this girl carries around her, almost like magic.
But all of that is a lie though. Steve laughs and covers his eyes, as he feels the wetness of a wrong he committed escape his soul. How did he, of all people, who always canvased for justice, be so ignorant and cruel to a kid who just lost his mother?
Tony, who had given his driver the night off, had decided to walk back to his hotel. A mistake he will never make again. He had been ambushed, by that sad pleading voice, the one that made him stop, even when F.R.I.D.A.Y  begged him to leave.
If Tony is quiet enough, he can hear the ugly screech of metal. He jerks out of the memory and ignores the way those blue eyes widen with worry.
Dr. Gooding is a tall, lean man with a nice face. He's good looking for a man in his fifties and he's saying that as an older man himself. He has sharp cheekbones that can probably cut steel and blue eyes that remind him of the Captain's. He's wearing a suit without a jacket or tie, and he's holding his usual journal when Tony sits down in his office. "You have bags under your eyes" Dr. Gooding says as he studies him under his lights. Tony keeps staring at the plastic plant in the corner. "Have you been sleeping?" He asks and Tony shakes his head.
"You just did" Tony says and Peter shoots him a "Come on" look that manages to make him smile. "Go on, string bean" he adds as Peter rolls his eyes at the Nickname.
"It's Italian?" She asks and he nods, shifting his weight on his right leg, his pants dragging against the floor. She opens her mouth to say something, when a door is yanked open. Music drifts into the air, and Tony freezes. It's Sinatra. Tony can feel his hand spasm as a voice in his mind ticks off all there is to know about the track. The blonde, the stiff one (not the one he dubbed Hawkass) who lives with the Russian nightmare steps out into the hall with a bag of trash in his hand. His face lights up as he sees Wanda, and as though he didn't notice Tony (he didn't) he looks around until his icy gaze meets his own blank stare.
. He cautiously walks to the bookshelf and listens as the boy whispers "I don't know Rhodey, I can't do this. Maybe I should have stayed the Sociopath Stark and remained in isolation".
He doesn't tell Peter this though. He doesn't announce that he had once shared intimacy with Steve because their relationship had never been public.
Tony finds himself on the rooftop again. He's sitting near the ledge, staring at the murky night, at the lights that never leave, the town that never sleeps, at the people who never stopped walking around, like ants in a busy colony. Always moving forward without any time to just stop. His dreams were too vivid again, he could hear the screaming, could feel the blood filling his mouth until he choked, could feel glass digging into his palms and the way his flesh gave way to the metal lodged in his chest, could see those eyes, staring out at him, begging him not to save him, but to "Live, Tony"
Meanwhile Tony remains passive and almost at ease without the noise. "I liked it" he finishes with a boyish smile.
He says nothing and when he looks up, Steve chokes on the anger in those sad eyes. "Fuck you" Anthony snarls and stalks away, his tiny body shaking as he left.
"You got laid, kitten?" Bucky asks without raising his head and he laughs when she shows him her middle finger.
Another part of Tony, the one that suspiciously sounds like Howard, snarls at him and tells him that Steve will never let go of that hold he has, because of guilt.
Thor, who threw the ball by mistake, wails and apologizes to his friend, while Jane sobs on Darcy's chest. Bruce shoots Steve a 'I'm sorry our friends are idiots' look while Scott and Clint regale the tale of how Stark freaked the fuck out when Steve fell to the ground. Steve looks at Anthony, who had retreated to a corner near the window, eyes wide and scared, so different from what he saw that day of his mother's funeral.
The loud chatter dies as all eyes swing from Steve to Anthony, one too embarrassed to say anything, and the other who remained so still, they are afraid he had stopped breathing.
"Okay" Tony lies and the man knows it. The man sways but steadies his right foot. He manages to keep himself from falling.
"Wow so this is school" Tony says sarcastically to himself and he looks at the melee of people gathered at the gates. In a move that he totally didn't copy from Princess Mia of Genovia, he had Jarvis park some blocks away from the school. Jarvis had looked out from the Benz and frowned, though he didn't stop him. He hitches his bag higher and saunters past the giggling girls who don't even realize that the same person they are waiting for, had walked past them.
"Been having dreams" he tells him and flinches when blue eyes rove over his face. He hasn't shaved for a month now, his skin isn't its usual healthy olive tone and he has black circles under his eyes.
"Hey" he says and she smiles shyly at him. She's prettier when she smiles, he thinks as her eyes shine with happiness.
So to see the fondness in those blue eyes directed at him, to see how the tenderness manages to smooth out the graphite-like expression that seem to keep others at an arms length, always takes his breath away.
Now after six months of being alone, he can hardly deal with leaving his apartment. He feels naked without those caramel coloured walls protecting him.
“Hanna, I will be there in five minutes. Tell him to wait” Pepper says with steel in her voice and poor Hanna squeaks out a ‘Yes ma’am’ before running out of her office. Tony is amused as ever as he rolls on his back.
Tony is nineteen and he's making his way to the library. His roommate, Peter fucking Quill had all but sexiled him from the room with the sock on their door. He has no other choice but to go to his usual spot in the library. He's making his way to his usual table when he spots Dr. Snobby as he's nicknamed him in his head.
"That's good" Tony says and looks at his watch. He has five more minutes before Pepper calls to find out exactly where he is. He closes the folder and under Steve's gaze, he makes the decision to run again.
"Yeah well, Vision has been feeding us" he says and he rolls his eyes as the man beams at him. Fucking beams. Who the fuck beams?
"You don't say" Sam says, his tone careful and cautious as ever whenever the topic of Tony surfaces among them.
"You go ahead, Steve. We'll wait outside" Natasha tells him and he squeezes the hand that has made it on his shoulder. Vision nods at him and when he walks past Rhodey, the man stops him.
He feels light headed with the realization that this grumpy asshole makes him happy, who liked to hog all the sheets, who wore socks with sandals because he hated cold feet, who likes to search for sun spots in the tower so he can curl up and draw until the sun goes down, who always went to war with Clint using puns, who disliked dishonest men yet cheated at poker which always turned Thursdays into 'Dodge the angry Russian' and loved children so much, he would volunteer at the hospital so he could offer comfort to the little ones who doesn't deserve to suffer like they do.
Tony catches movement in the corner of his eyes, and refuses to flinch as he steps out of the shadows.
Her head, now devoid of all hair, is wrapped with a bright red turban with golden stitches, her colors as she loved to joke. Beside her bed, is a large machine that constantly beeps, a reminder that she's still alive. He watches his father, stretched and broken, as he whispers to her, holding her hands like a glass of his most favorite scotch. His lips wobbles as she smiles up at him, her once blue eyes dulled grey with sickness.
"Don't stop fighting" Carol tells him and she presses a kiss to his forehead as they pull away from each other.
"Hey Steve" Wanda speaks up when she can feel how uncomfortable he is getting as the hulking blonde stares at him. Steve's head snaps to her and his eyes soften when he smiles at her. She pushes him down the hall, her hand on his back gently and he finally takes the hint. He glances at them once before he leaves, and she can see how life returns to Antonio's frozen body. "It was nice to meet you" she tells him and Antonio nods as he disappears into his apartment, the man once again gone into hiding. She decides not to go back into her own apartment and steps into Steve's. Bucky is laying on the couch, Natasha laying limp on his body, her head pressed against his chest, right over his heart, Sam is sitting on one of the stools agruing with Scott and Clint is perched near the kitchen eating cereal. He perks up when she steps inside, signing at her "You look happy" the man signs with a giddy smile. They all love it when she's happy.
"I'll just make eggs" he concedes and she  seems happier about that. He slowly makes his way down the hall in a sweat stained white t-shirt and baggy grey sweatpants, completed with purple socks.
"I'm glad" Tony says and if it had been a year ago, he would have followd up with a snarky reply or a sassy remark but he just nods again.
"What?" Anthony says and repeats the question when Steve is too dumb to speak. Steve catches movement in the corner of his eyes, and he acts. He pulls Antony in his arms (snug against his chest like he belonged there) and the thought to catch the ball doesn't even register in his mind. He's so busy thinking about protecting this broken kid in his embrace, he hadn't consider his own safety. When the ball slams into his head, the last thing he hears is screaming.
"I believe you were very Anna-ish if I do say so myself, sir" Jarvis says with a straight face as Tony gobbles down his toast. Tony snorts and watches as a few flecks of bread sprays across his lap. Jarvis frowns.
"I don't understand why he had to choose this school" Scott moans and groans as he joins them in their walk into the school.
I'm going to try to update this as much as I can, unless life challenges me to another boxing match. :c
He doesn't blame them for thinking otherwise but what they fail to realize is that Steve has hidden parts of himself from them. They don't know his entire story.
"It's not your place, Steve" his mother warns but Steve feels a imminent dislike curl around his gut as he looks away from the TV.
Steve's body freezes as brown meet blue and the burning hatred fades in the background at the hidden grief he sees there.
"Sit down, kiddo" Tony tells him and Peter squints at him, before dramatically taking his seat again.
He looks so small, Steve thinks. He looks so vulnerable, hooked up to so many noisy machines, eyes closed and hands clasped on his stomach. He's lost the weight that he had gained, and the stress had taken it's toll on his face. He's jaunt in a way that makes Steve ache. He sits down on the chair next to his bed, the ugly orange plastic creaks with his weight and the force in which he had thrown his body. He takes a long exhale as he watches him. He watches the dainty way his long eyelashes flutter like butterfly wings as his eyes keep moving behind closed eyelids. He's dreaming, Steve realizes and he smooths the little furrow his forehead. It makes Tony whine a little. His skin is clammy with sweat and the scent of coconut has all but disappeared under the hospital's smells. "I wrote you another letter" Steve says to the empty room, though he addresses Tony. He lays the lilac envelope in the Bible that he knows once belonged to Maria, that Pepper must have brought from home.
"Good morning, sir" is the first thing he hears as he slips out of his dreamless slumber. The first thing he sees? It's his family butler, Jarvis as he stands dutifully at the foot of his bed, with a silver platter of breakfast.
He sees a brat spoiled by his parents, who's loved by the public for his genius, who doesn't hesitate to cuss out anyone, who parades his parent's wealth as his own, who doesn't care enough to cry for his mother when she dies, who's a pathetic excuse for a human being who stood emotionless in front of the grave of a woman who loved him the most... .....
So when the day slowly ticks down to 1, he has to build up the courage in order to go outside. He takes a hot shower that stains his skin pink and ignores the mirror on his way back to his bedroom. He picks out a pair of black jeans and a blue t-shirt under a grey hoodie for his adventure into the real world.
Steve is running. Since he last saw the news and got on a plane to New York, Steve has been running. He's sprinting down the hospital hallway, dodging people as he weaves around the mayhem so that he can make it to room 101.  The adrenaline and the fear urges him on until he's made it to the room. He skids to a stop when he sees a young boy crying into the shoulder of Pepper whose face is red as her blouse, who glares at him when their eyes meet. Rhodey who is talking to Happy, frowns as the other man looks at him with a murderous expression on his face.
"Is it true?" Natasha asks and he turns angry eyes on her. He's furious, rightfully so, as he stares them down for their misplaced audacity.
Tony breaches the space between them, and takes his father's seat. "Hey there pretty lady" he smiles, and she rolls her eyes at him, though they soften as he takes her hands into his.
“I’ll choke you with my roots,” Tony growled at the sprout. It was the pale green of new life, but it seemed unfazed by his threat.
He smiled and ducked down to kiss Steve on the cheek. Steve turned to catch him on the lips, deepening the kiss.
As Tony expected, the human began to frown at Tony as the days got longer and he still refused to bud. The human came round with the usual spring fertilizers and gave Tony an extra thorough look all over, but there was neither bug nor bacteria stymying his growth, and the human eventually sat back with a shrug.
“Hold on hold on hold on,” Spidey chanted, webbing up a handhold for the Hulk. He smacked into it with a very disgruntled splat, and immediately started pounding the wall next to him with his massive fists.
Steve found himself grinning, despite the earlier discomfort the rag had given him. Seeing Tony Stark in casual clothing was rare enough, but the display of genuine emotion was as charming as any of his suave outfits.
Tony notices the cat on his lunch break on Thursday. It’s too thin, obviously hungry, and staring straight at his turkey wrap with sapphire-blue eyes.
Tony sleeps in the workshop— he curls up on the couch and closes his eyes, and wakes up with a comforter tucked around his shoulders and feet.
Three hours and twenty minutes later, the other Rogers held out his hand for Tony to shake it goodbye. Tony clasped it.
For a long while, everything was quiet in the early morning, grey and warm. Steve’s hand wove itself into her hair and stayed there, resting against the back of her neck. And Natasha stared at their room, at what she could see of it past the plane of his chest and the large swell of his bicep.
Because of course he can’t just take it back to work. Pets aren’t allowed in the office, and anyway, he just has to introduce it to Steve.
“Tony? Are you okay?” Steve asks, and Tony realizes he’s been growing more tense, not less, underneath Steve’s hands.
“Got to go, Pep, I have a lunch date,” Tony grins, and dashes off before she finishes rolling her eyes.
“Don’t what?” Tony asks, eyebrows quirked challengingly. He pulls Steve’s hand back over. “Don’t kiss my husband?” he says, and presses a sweet little kiss to Steve’s sweaty palm.
“I'm sorry you never got to do that,” she said. Steve’s arms came up around her, warm and gentle. The pain in her ribs ebbed, slowly.
And after all, with all the time Tony’s been spending at SI, why would Steve ever stop to wonder if maybe some of those meetings were doctor’s appointments?
JARVIS remembered the preferred temperature of his showers, which was a little unnerving, and of his coffee, which was just nice. He helped Steve pencil in time to work on Tony’s hand-to-hand fighting between business meetings, and, when Steve thought his head might explode if he had to read about one more Nazi that went on the work in America after the war, Steve suspected JARVIS found reasons to encourage the others to visit him.
Natasha laughed loudest of them all, surprisingly to Steve, who had thought she was the most reserved of the lot of them, but it seemed that was only a strong professionalist exterior— or the flush of several glasses of peach sangria overtaking her natural reserve.
“I have an idea. Can we just pretend the day ended with that really badass Superfriends pose we did?”
“If I hadn’t spazzed out, Loki would be in chains instead of sitting pretty with two weapons of as-of-yet-undetermined destructive power,” Stark said.
It hadn’t been that bad, at first—but Steve had left his inhaler in the car, and between that first breath of irritants and carcinogens, and their power-walk back to the car, it had really put Steve on his ass.
“Amenable,” Tony answers, and the movie queues up. He reaches for the bowl on the bedside table and passes it over to Steve, who sits up quickly to take it from him. It’s chicken noodle.
“Sprite, please,” he said to Mack the Knife, who had probably never stabbed anyone at all, much less enough people to resemble the subject of a jazz hit from the 1950’s.
“That’s okay, it’s only Steve’s third favorite,” Tony says, and quietly continues to stroke the cat.
“Not yet,” the agent said. “There’s been no sign of anyone inside, and no contact received from any of the people we’ve confirmed were inside at the time. Texts, calls, smoke signals, anything.”
“Why did you call in?” she asks, and there’s a shrewd glint in her eyes. She knows something’s up already. Well, Tony had known she would.
Steve shakes his head and slides the frying pan off the stove. He forks five pieces of bacon into a napkin for Natasha, then dumps the rest on his plate and slides into the seat across from her.
Nobody said anything for a long time, and it was almost silent except for the sounds of Banner still chewing his shawarma. Steve’s head hurt.
And he thinks, well, maybe Tony wouldn’t tell him, if he thought he could stop Steve from worrying. If he thought Steve shouldn’t worry.
groomed, because she’s entirely too pretty to have her fur dirty like that, and she needs about 200 solid meals.”
It’s a very pretty cat, even half-starved and a little dirty. It’s one of those Asian cats—Siamese, he thinks, but not purebred. It lets Tony pet it without complaint, sitting up straight on the bench and watching passersby with alert, bright eyes. Tony watches the cat.
It eats like it’s starved, as usual, and pays no mind to Tony stroking the fur down its back until it has licked the can clean. Then, belly full, it settles into Tony’s lap to doze off.
Unlike the human teachers SHIELD offered, JARVIS didn’t sigh at what Natasha called his “hunt-and-peck” typing style. Nor did he condescendingly congratulate Steve on remembering how to open an internet browser.
“JARVIS says there’s a lot of anomalous footage for us to review as well, stuff he doesn’t think can be pinned entirely on Loki,” Tony said, and sat in the chair next to Steve. He was warm, Steve noted.
“Well, there’s one foolproof way to get out of a maze, although it’s also probably the longest path: if we keep one hand to the outside wall and follow it, it will eventually lead us out,” Iron Man said.
Steve blew out a long breath. “I… don’t know.” He wanted to shrug, wanted to mention the vague notion he’d had of getting on his motorcycle and going to see the rest of the country he died for. He just didn’t seem to have the energy.
Steve sighed, affection swelling like a warm tide in his chest. Tony would do better, too. He’d probably spend half of their “easy” week working on some new way to automate the suit so that messy saves like that would go as smoothly as possible.
Thor shook his head. “The offer is kind, Stark, but I desire to resume my courtship with the lady Jane Foster whilst the chance yet remains,” he demurred.
Tony keeps his head tucked into Steve’s shoulder— his expression could have anything on it right now. And Steve is so gentle with his sore back. Tony just clings to him, circles his arms around Steve’s hips and leans into him.
Eventually, her coffee mug stopped steaming, and then began to tilt dangerously in her hands. Steve put it on the side table and squeezed her shoulder until she hummed sleepily at him.
His ears burn as Steve shifts beside him, no doubt disturbed by Tony trying to go off-road. He’ll say he fell asleep at the wheel, it was late, he was tired, Steve will believe that—Steve will get worried by that, Steve will probably insist that he take over driving, which isn’t happening, but what is Tony supposed to say?
As soon as they stepped through it, the temperature was entirely back to normal. Steve, however, couldn’t quite shake the shakes.
She swooped away with a thin little smile and a glass of amber soda, beelining for Pepper across the room. Steve watched her go, trying to keep his face from looking like that of a man giving into the abyss of despair.
He pulls away and Steve leans back in, pressing a tiny kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth. “That’s not an answer,” he hums, but he’s smiling.
“Nothing,” Tony says, and he is trying very hard not to snarl. “There’s nothing wrong. I blew off my meetings so I could sleep; I figured they were all pointless anyway. I was wrong, and also exactly as irresponsible as you’ve ever secretly thought I was. Will that be all, Miss Potts?”
“And you should let me take you out. On a date. Romantically,” Steve blurted. “Sometime in between planning to take down Hydra and investigating this long list of future recruits we just got.”
He squinted. There was a close-up image of the Iron Man armor’s very flat abdomen, with the words BABY BUMP in bold white letters.
“Tell Pep I’m not coming into the early meetings. I’ll make the 12:30, just make my excuses for the others,” Tony says.
Natasha hums. “Your gut probably knows Tony better than I ever have,” she says. “If you think something’s wrong, it probably is.”
Being on his feet had Steve feeling a little more himself, although he still couldn’t quite feel warm. “Thanks for heating me up back there, Shellhead.”
“Oh dear,” she said, smiling serenely. “It seems there was a little extra ambient static in the atmosphere.”
Steve catches Tony that night, in their bedroom after he’s stripped out of his suit, so wound up that he’s nearly vibrating.
Tony gestured loosely. “I mean, no. That’d be a heck of a thing for me to build into the device keeping me alive. You’d have to literally get your finger in there and push.”
“Avengers cookies,” Tony said. “Made especially for the kids of the St. Agnes Pediatric Cancer wing.”
“Okay, okay, right,” Iron Man babbled, and lurched over to pull Steve close to him, supporting his weight. “Here there is no north, west, or east, nor weather fit for man nor beast. No north, west or east, and the weather sucks, which we’ve noticed. One of the uninhabitable planets in our solar system? Neptune or Pluto, maybe-- Jupiter has the worst storms--”
“Tony, of course,” Steve smiled, dropping the tabloid back on the table. “And, well. The headlines were ridiculous enough to hook even me, I guess.”
“We can expand the space to be a little less in each other’s pockets,” Stark offered. “Tower’s being renovated anyway, I’m sure you all noticed demo has already started.”
“The Tinker Toy in your chest hasn’t blipped for two years,“ Romanoff retorted. “I think it’s safe to say that it wouldn’t have 'spazzed' if you hadn’t done what you did to take care of that nuke. As unnerving as it is to think we’ll have to handle Loki again, I know I prefer that to massive loss of life.”
Steve’s hand grabbed his, the one still resting on Steve’s jaw, and their fingers laced. “I love you too, Tony,” Steve said, his voice quiet, a little hoarse. “Look at me.”
And he stares at it. The blowtorch roars quietly, ready to go, and the ring— the ring looks exactly as it always has.
“Just one,” Iron Man said, swooping around a corner. “Cap, toss your shield-- see how this thing reacts to vibranium.”
plenty of nitrogen, alfalfa meal and epsom salts; and the compost was homemade and all-natural, naturally. And the result was Tony. He was the brightest and bushiest rose in the garden. Every flower he made was exquisite, deep red; every petal was velvety soft and perfectly curled.
Tony huffed, eyes creasing with laughter. His head dropped to rest against Steve’s, his shoulders loosening. Steve leaned into the contact, and Tony’s hand stroked down the back of his neck, tender and warm. Between them, Tony’s hand tightened on his.
“Why on earth do you think I don’t want to marry you?” Steve asks, dumbfounded. Maybe Tony accidentally had this conversation with a Skrull that looked like Steve.
It seemed Steve thought so too. Steve’s stalks, once brown, turned deeper green, and bright new leaves started to furl out of the stalks Tony had thought were dead. To Tony’s delight, there was even new growth— both a new, pale green creeper reaching for Tony’s nearest stem, and a new sprout curling out of the dirt.
“I’ll tell you what,” she said, peering into the darkness. “Mazes have really lost their appeal for me.”
“Onward ho, I guess,” Steve said, and stepped through the threshold. He had to duck his head to get under it. The room on the other side was only slightly taller; Iron Man had to stoop to keep his helmet from scraping on the ceiling. There was no visible exit.
“Maybe,” Tony shrugged, closing his eyes as he tucked his head against Steve’s. “Maybe I’ll blackmail you for favors. Sexy, sexy favors.”
Tony’s “choking” turns into laughter, quiet and warm against Steve’s ear. “Alright, alright, message received,” he snorts, and pushes at Steve’s shoulder. “I’ll shut up.”
He was a coward. Why was it easier for him to jump off a skyscraper than it was to ask his best friend a simple question?
“Good, isn’t it?” Tony asks. “Yeah. Enjoy my lunch.” The cat ignores him completely, which Tony can’t blame it for. That turkey was from his favorite deli—everything they made was absolutely divine.
“Eurgh,” Janet wrinkled her nose. “I don’t understand how anyone could choose that over a nice, virtual spa day.”
“Alright. Check-ins every ten minutes, and keep track of every turn you take in your communicator log so that you can send that information to the rest of the team if you need backup. That sound good, Captain?” Storm asked.
It takes off when someone passes them walking their dog, and that’s the end of Tony’s extended lunch break.
They were all still watching the footage, unable to look away, but none of it seemed quite able to process in Steve’s head. The SHIELD agents simply handed the scepter over and let Loki walk away with it, and not a one of them seemed disturbed to have heard a phrase that should have died not long after Steve did.
“Steve, darling, you’re like 100 years old, I’m pretty sure you’re not allowed to say the word ‘sexy,’” Tony admonished.
He’s just started to drift off (no thanks to the the cloying stuffiness in his nose and head) when he hears his bedroom door open.
Tasha turned him toward the group and introduced him to a flurry of names, most of them preceded with “Dr”s and followed by stunning lists of accomplishments. Steve nodded and smiled politely, and grappled all the while with a mental image of a blonde gorilla in a tuxedo.
Tony came out of the bathroom, scrubbing his hair with a towel. “Pretty sure there’s a spare on the top shelf.”
To the right of the bottle is a ring box. Black velvet. The container’s not really important, but Tony knows if he looks at the actual damn ring he’s going to end this night by getting trashed and melting the damn thing down into slag.
Steve grabbed an hor d'oeuvre and made his way through the crowd in a gentle circle, trying to look like he wasn't better suited for holding up a wall somewhere.
She tilted her head back against the pillow, closing her eyes. “Hope so,” she said. “You're stuck with me now, Cap.”
“There is more anomalous footage first, Captain,” JARVIS said. “The entity believed to be Loki intercepts the STRIKE team that was in possession of the scepter at the same time as the Loki downstairs comes into possession of the Tesseract. The footage is highly concerning for many reasons.”
Cold shock punched into Steve, as nasty and frigid as crashing that plane in the Arctic had been. No.
Steve sighed, his hand sliding over her stomach, and made the grumbly little in-his-throat sound that meant he was about to wake up. Tasha turned her head to watch it happen, her lips quirking.
“I don’t know why we even have that here,” Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck. Tony, still grinning, moved over the the coffee machine, pulling a mug down from the cupboard.
The temperature, while still deeply uncomfortable to a half-frozen Captain America, had resumed something like the discomfort of a regular winter day. Iron Man, probably attempting to be comforting, was running his ice block metal hands up and down Steve’s arms.
“I am alerting Sir,” JARVIS said. “The other Steve Rogers also knew this code. He used it to access the second-level sub-basement.”
“Do you want to get this Quinjet ride back on track with a briefing, Captain?” Storm asked from the pilot’s seat.
“Figures even this one thing couldn’t go right for me,” Tony says, and then glances over at Steve to make sure he’s still asleep.
“Hey, sleepyhead,” he says, and it comes out softer than he means it to. Steve shifts, slowly, and sits up in his seat.
“I love you,” he mumbles— can’t keep it in— and his heart bobs into his throat, because what if Steve… what if Steve doesn’t say it back?
That had happened a little over half a year of them dating. Steve had been choking the words back himself, at that point — had been from their first date. He’d been so grateful she had been willing to give them a chance, and so worried he would scare her off if he went too fast.
Near immediately the temperature dropped, so starkly and abruptly that it hit Steve like a bucket of ice water.
She’d been leaning into him on the couch, her head on his shoulder and her face turned into his neck, and he’d been gamely pretending to still be reading his book instead of hyperfocusing on her breath on his skin.
“Yeah,“ Tony says. “At that park around the block from the tower. I went outside for my lunch break so I could shut you down next time you started making noises about me not getting enough sunshine, only there was a cat there. It stole my turkey wrap.”
Stark’s phone responded— a voice with cool, electronic tones. “Indeed. I’ve taken the liberty of purchasing all the remaining food items from the restaurant that caught your eye earlier. The owners would like to know where they should direct their delivery people.”
She moved to press her hand against her bandages, groaning a little in her throat, and Steve lifted his head, immediately awake.
“Eurgh, they’re slimy,” Giant Girl complained. At twenty feet tall, she was almost brushing the ceiling, and the tentacles seemed to have pinpointed her as the greatest threat. “Ew, ew, ew.”
JARVIS, as it happened, was perhaps the most helpful technology Steve had been introduced to in this century. And they had literally been introduced, formally, the third or so time the AI contributed to Stark’s conversations with the rest of the team.
Pepper Potts caught his eye from across the room, quirking an eyebrow at him. Steve felt his shoulders hunch in response as he smiled sheepishly, and Pepper gave the ceiling an utterly despairing sort of look. Then she turned back to him, jerked her head at Tasha, pointed at the dance floor, and flapped her hand at him in a shooing motion.
“Not so, ladies,” a silky, unctuous voice seemed to emanate from everywhere at once. Jan and Ororo stopped, sharing a long glance. “If it’s riddles you want, riddles you’ll get.”
Tony stares firmly ahead at Steve’s television, ignoring his gaze entirely. “What do you want to watch?” he asks cheerfully. “I’ll let you pick because I’m a magnanimous overlord like that.”
“Yeah, and they like you, GG,” Spider-Man said, yanking a tentacle away from Bruce with his web shooter.
No one could ever say Tasha Stark wasn't bold. In dress, in philosophy, in person. She was colorful, and bold, and bright, and asking her to dance was impossible.
The cat doesn’t show. Maybe it was just passing through the area? Tony stifles his disappointment with a big bite out of his wrap.
“I just—” Steve scrubbed at the back of his neck. “I'm not entirely sure how. I wasn't really in a good place.”
“I’m not so sure we should split up,” Steve frowned. “We don’t really know what we’re going to be dealing with here.”
“Ah, I’m afraid not, little blue,” Tony says gently, easing the cat upward. It stares up at him, unimpressed, and Tony reaches over beside him to unlock the new pet carrier he’d brought with him.
It’s almost exactly what he’d said to Rona Guavez, except for the hesitation at the end, but Steve somehow doubts that Tony had heard any of it.
“Yeah, kinda,” Tony admits softly, tightening his arm around Steve’s back. “Not a bad thing, though.”
Steve felt his ears go pink. “To talk about the Avengers! I had some thoughts about, uh. Starting a program for reserve members.”
The human would pull him up when he refused to bloom. That was fine; maybe they would take a cutting from Tony first and the new rosebush would never know anything of heartbreak or death.
When Steve wakes up, Tony’s side of the bed is empty. He sits up, frowning a little, and stretches until his spine pops.
God, he’s been so stupid. He should never have bought that damn ring— just because Steve’s stayed with him this long doesn’t mean he wants to stay forever.
The silence, already awkward, became more pronounced, and Steve could feel his brow furrow underneath the lima beans.
He knows, he can tell it’s bad, but he doesn’t want to believe it. He won’t believe it. Not until Tony says something.
Warmth flowered in his chest, sun-hot and sweet, and he crossed the room to Natasha’s side with a stupid grin on his face.
“Tony, come on,” Rhodey urged him. “I know you feel bad, but it wasn’t your fault. You have to bloom. That’s what you
“That helmet your boss made for Bruce sounds like a dream,” Janet commented, watching Bruce smile goofily at nothing, the VR helmet he always wore on long flights covering his eyes. “What does it show him, anyway?”
“Oh! Hold on,” he said. Something clicked in the armor, and it began to radiate blissfully painful heat. “Let’s get you out of here, big guy.”
“Alright, looks like you’ve got a class one acromioclavicular ligament sprain,” the doctor said. “I know you heal faster than most, but the usual standards apply. Sling, ice, ibuprofen, and plenty of rest.”
“Probably for the best,” Steve said gravely. “Luck is an opportunist with a terrible sense of humor.”
“Thank you for coming with me,” Tasha said, snagging his arm and leading him towards the bar. “I know it's very boring, but it does help me to have you here.”
The cat is waiting for him on the bench this time, and watches him open the cat food with wide, hungry eyes.
Damn the stab wound, honestly. Natasha rolled over as gingerly as she could, gritting her teeth against the sharp flare of pain. It throbbed hotly even as she settled against Steve’s side, resting her head on his chest. His heartbeat thumped steadily under her ear.
That turkey is gone just as quickly, and then Tony really is out. Not that the cat believes him. It hops up onto the bench, nosing at the remains of Tony’s wrap, and Tony pulls it away. “Pretty sure cats shouldn’t eat spicy mustard,” he says apologetically, and reaches out with his other hand to pet its fur.
Steve turns back to his cooking as Natasha takes a seat, and stares at the sizzling bacon. “Do you think—“ he starts, and stops, suddenly unaccountably frustrated.
“First of all,” he said slowly, “that much icing is disgusting. Even to kids. Second, did you clear this with the hospital first?”
“Normally I’d agree, but the Mall of America is like 90 acres,” Iron Man said. “Anything could be happening to the people that were in the Mall when it vanished-- that’s over 100,000 people we need to account for, and those are early estimates.”
“Oh, I applied and applied,” Kamala said when he asked while correcting her form with a strike. “And applied. I sent in so many references I convinced myself they’d toss the whole thing out instead of reading it. My second grade teacher wrote a really nice letter for me.”
Iron Man’s sonic assault went off as a wavering, high-pitched screeching tone, blisteringly loud to Steve’s enhanced ears. He covered them as the ghost minotaur went down, crashing in a way that somehow managed to shake the ground. The minotaur thrashed, its bull ears pressed flat against its skull.
Steve hisses out a little breath. “You’re too tense, Tony,” he murmurs. “You have got to stop doing this to yourself.”
It was something like three hours later when Rogers finished talking, when every detail was done and recorded for posterity by JARVIS, including a list of people who could — and couldn’t — be trusted to help them deal with Hydra.
“Glory to god and peace on earth,” Steve said fervently, and dropped his flashlight (found balanced precariously on top of a sewing machine that had three belts wrapped around it but otherwise seemed perfectly serviceable– donate) to the ground with a heavy thunk.
Tony did. Steve was smiling, his eyes were bright, and Tony hadn’t seen him this happy in– in maybe ever, and he did that, it was because of
Tony’s smile as he retreats is a little weak, he knows, but hopefully Steve will excuse that as stress as well. And Tony— Tony is just so confused.
“No, we aren’t. Really,” Steve said at her dubious look. “I don’t know where you guys got that idea.”
The burgeoning argument was cut off by a sizzling sound and a yelping shriek. When they looked back, ‘the Enigma’ was writhing on the floor, whimpering, “Oh my god, that hurt!”
Tony glanced at Steve, dark eyes bright with something unreadable. “Seems that way,” he said to Rogers. “I think I’ll keep my model, if it’s all the same to you.”
Natasha tilts her head, a little strip of bacon sticking out of her mouth. Her eyes are narrow and sharp.
Despite being the only one of them who didn’t seem to need medical attention, Thor was on the examination chair. It was the only chair he fit in.
Storm cleared her throat. Everyone looked toward her, and she nodded at the path ahead. “There’s a three-way split ahead. It seems we can try all three.”
Tony, being a sucker for Steve laughing, and also Steve in general, had caved and taken the next exit, and they’d been having as much fun as two people could, staring up at the nostrils of dead U.S. presidents past, when Steve had caught a lungful of someone’s secondhand smoke and started coughing.
Then he remembers the ring, shoved hastily into a box of washers when he could no longer stand to look at it.
“Oh, of course,” Steve said, and politely didn’t remind Iron Man of how much he’d teased Steve for his inability to multitask just two missions ago. “Did Mr. Stark talk to you about me?” he blurted.
Steve ducked one tentacle’s swipe at his head and repelled another with his shield, grunting at the force of it. No sooner had he beaten it to a pulp than he turned to see most of the tentacles already felled-- from the looks of things, kudos mostly to Storm’s lightning, Iron Man’s repulsors, and Logan’s claws.
Steve tangled their hands together. “I wouldn’t leave you to face that by yourself anyway. Some things just aren’t meant for one person to handle alone.”
“Iron Man--” Steve started, but Iron Man held up a finger to stop him. And triggered the manual releases under his helmet.
Tony flew them upwards, spiraling above the flaming building that Steve had taken a running leap out of.
“It’s okay,” Steve smiles. “Go be a genius. I know how important it is. Just try to come to bed before the sunrise,” he adds fondly, smoothing a thumb under Tony’s eye and pressing another one of those sweet kisses to Tony’s mouth— and that, at least, he can respond easily to; ingrained habit. Muscle memory. The rest— the rest of it, however—
“I don’t know about that. I’ve already got a permanent roommate in my body,” Bruce said, taking another lazy bite of food. “Not sure that kind of cohabitation should stack.”
“What’s hentai?” Steve asked, watching the expressions on his team’s faces. Storm was nodding in agreement, a “seen too much” look on her face, Bruce was looking a little green at the ears, and Logan, well, Logan was just kind of smirking unsettlingly.
So he wandered. There were fifteen floors dedicated to the Academy in the tower, and he had free reign of them all, barring slight restrictions to the personal quarters. He frequented the library often, wandering up the levels and settling into an armchair for a few hours of the night.
“Sure thing,” he agreed, and pulled out a StarkTab. “As we heard earlier, the Mall of America has been turned into an enormous labyrinth-- or perhaps replaced with one. Whatever happened, it took barely a minute, and the entire thing was obscured by purple mist.”
, but he can’t stop it. “And I’m sorry I haven’t said it recently, but I don’t know how, anymore, I don’t know how to make it mean something when I won’t—“ his voice breaks, and he takes a deep breath, “—when I won’t be around,” he finishes.
“You heard the lady, JARVIS,” Stark said. “I need you to connect the dots between a metric ton of shawarma, all of us, and a delivery person in want of a several thousand dollar tip. Make sure there are vegetarian options for the conscientious objector here.”
Realization dawns, and sinks in Tony’s stomach like a rock. “Shit,” Tony swears, pinching the bridge of his nose. Wow, instant headache.
Steve grinned and turned to give Tony a kiss. “You’re not whipped,” he said. He stole another. “If you were whipped, I’d have gotten you to agree to do it by yourself.”
Steve slides off next to him, leaving only his arm spread across Tony’s torso. He props himself up on his elbow for a second to fix the blankets around them, and feels the weight of Tony’s gaze on his face, watching him as he fiddles with the duvet and the throw that Thor knitted for them.
“Definitely not. I’d have noticed. Keep dreaming though, maybe next time. You’re vegetarian, right?”
If the doctor seemed at all skeptical, she didn’t show it. She gathered her supplies and left in the elevator, nodding as the doors closed.
“I like your barrettes,” Steve grins, pulling open the fridge. He grabs the orange juice and a carton of eggs, and then, on second thought, a package of bacon as well.
