“You never come with me when I fight,” Tony says when Steve releases him. He tips his face up, eyes searching sightlessly. He closes his eyes, imagining Steve’s face. His eyes slide back and forth beneath the thin skin, searching a face he cannot see. “You can’t, can you?”
Tony smiles, then, thinly. Steve’s expression is sombre. He’s still as a statue, eyes gleaming bright. “It was a double edged sword. My parents always assumed I was going to be an alpha. I mostly pass as one, even without blockers, and I’ve always hated doctors, so when I presented my parents didn’t really know. I smelled like an alpha, mostly. It wasn’t until my first heat that they realised something was wrong with me.”
“Captain America Subverts Blow-Out Fight With Cuddling,” Tony intones, and Steve lets out an unsteady laugh. “News at Nine.”
“I say that we know for a fact that Hydra used millions of dollars of the defence budget meant for SHIELD––and we’re talking money that comes from the American taxpayers here––to try to shoot down American citizens in their homes. Almost 716,000 Americans. Including the president! And we’re not just talking spies and government spooks serving as double agents. Congressmen were in on this.
“Barnes?” Tony mutters, sounding confused, and Steve waves a weak hand towards Tony, trying desperately to move, to do something.
“Stark,” Natasha says, expression grim, and Tony spreads his hands. Of course she would know immediately what he was talking about.
It’s Bucky. Steve raises his eyebrows, intrigued. He had no idea Bucky and Tony had a secret burner phone. Why on earth would they need that?
Tony wraps an arm around his shoulders, carding his fingers into Steve’s hair. His hands are shaking. “You’re fucking breathtaking, Steve Rogers. You gorgeous thing, you’ve been so sweet for me.”
“Don’t start a fight you can’t finish,” Tony chided, waving a hand over his shoulder. “Or didn’t they teach you that in the army?”
Franklin frowns. “I’m not supposed to be outta bed,” he says, rocking back on his little socked feet. God but he’s precious. Steve’s probably smiling at him like a damned giddy loon. “I’ll get in trouble.”
“You’ve been waterboarded!” Steve snarled, feeling his pulse rise, and it was the serum, he knew it was. It was the serum making him protective, angry, alpha. “You’ve been through open heart surgery in a dusty cave with no anaesthetics! That is not comforting to me!”
fyi i have no beta, so if you see a typo i'm sorry/feel free to leave a comment and i'll get to it. as usual, thanks for reading/hope you enjoy!
Tony, as a public figure, has lots of quotes floating around the internet on any given subject—even some that Steve kind of wishes he didn’t. There’s the video of Tony calling senators assclowns, for one, which seems to have become a kind of reactionary response that’s used as shorthand by average citizens all over the country whenever people are mad at the government. Tony, Steve learns, is what one young woman on tumblr calls “eminently gif-able.” There are all sorts of little clips of him on every single social media platform Steve can access. A gif of Tony dancing on a stage surrounded by beautiful, barely-dressed women with fireworks in the background is used as a celebratory reaction. A gif of Tony whipping off his sunglasses and winking into the camera is used as joking flirtation. A gif of Tony almost falling off of a float at NYC Pride makes Steve blush; Tony’s barely wearing anything, most of it looking like some kind of leather fetish gear, and the text that’s placed over it says TOO GAY TO FUNCTION. In almost all of the gifs, Steve notes, Tony looks particularly attractive. This seems to be a big selling point for Tony; that he’s gorgeous, and people want to sleep with him, even though they don’t know his dynamic. Most people assume he’s an alpha, but there’s a headline from a rag claiming “STARK’S TEEN LOVER TELLS ALL” that conservatives seem to obliquely reference when they are angry about something Tony has done. In it, a man that Steve very much doubts Tony ever touched let alone let knot him claims that Tony’s secretly an omega…well. He calls Tony some names that make Steve have to go down to the gym and take apart a few heavy bags, is all.
There was a sharp intake of breath, and Steve opened one eye to catch an expression of bemused wonderment overtaking Tony’s face. “Just in case?”
Steve glanced around the table, taking in this strange group of enhanced humans and assassins and technologically-enhanced billionaires, and thought that maybe he could do this. He’d lost his old pack, but this new one held some promise.
“I will not run like some common coward,” Loki says, bracing himself, and suddenly Tony sees exactly where this is going.
“Agent Barton dropped out of high school and ran away from an abusive home to join the circus. He was a seasoned criminal by the time SHIELD recruited him. Agent Romanov’s own father sold her to the Red Room when she was a small child.” Steve flinches, because he’d known that from their files. Hell, after the Potomac Crash, half the country knew that from their files, it was on Wikipedia, but
He takes the quickest shower he’s had since his army days and dithers in the closet for too long before going with a simple t-shirt and his leather jacket. He knows Tony likes the jacket, the way white cotton stretches over his chest when he moves. He checks his watch, then heads back upstairs. When he gets there, he can hear voices in the kitchen, and he moves slowly, measuring his steps to avoid making too much noise.
"My people, any of them, Avengers or Stark Industries or even SHIELD. You come after them, I'll make what the Hulk did to you look like a love tap."
“I’ll be back,” Steve promised, pressing the hoodie to his face. Then he opened the doors and stepped through.
“That might be best,” Xavier says, grinning. “Logan may or may not have spotted your bike and be lurking around it covetously.”
“I have said nothing to the contrary, sir,” JARVIS says, and Tony scowls. “Perhaps Mr. Odinson might have-”
, he’d thought, Captain America would have saved him. He would have picked him up, and held him close, and told him everything was gonna be okay. He would make it so, if he needed to. He would have saved Tony from Howard and the drinking and the quiet. He’d believed that, with every fibre of his being.
“I think a lot of Jews would think so. Gay men and women. Romanis. The disabled.” He realises he’s preaching to a man in a wheelchair, then, and stops himself. “Sorry, I just. We’re talking about Nazis, professor.”
“I said the consent was getting a little grey!” Tony exclaims, standing. He takes a few steps forward, pacing back and forth like a caged animal. “I don’t mean- God, why is everyone so sure I’m some sort of SVU heroine, Jesus Christ.”
He reappears in the small room where they’re keeping his body under observation, only a little wobbly from the trip. His body’s the same as it always is: frozen, blue with cold and perfectly preserved, aside from the neat line of stitches in his neck. They’d frozen him in the hopes of reviving him once they figure out what’s wrong, knowing that he’s come back from it before. It’s a smart bet. What’s most interesting to the scientists, he knows, is that he hasn’t decayed or decomposed or done whatever it is that a normal body that had been dead for a day and then frozen would do. It’s why Tony’s still trying, why he won’t give up. It’s also probably why Steve’s stuck like this. He’s not quite dead, but not alive, either.
Clint shakes the knife at him, and Tony raises his hands in placation. He goes back to laying slices of apple down.
“I- what?” Rogers touches his face, then frowns down at Tony, then Bruce. “Is he brain damaged? I thought you said the scans were fine!”
Tony nods, as though he’d expected this. It’s a front: Steve can tell he’s disappointed, grieving almost. But neither of these men know Tony like Steve does, and Tony’s greatest armour has always been the one he constructs in his own mind. His shields are up, and so they will remain until he is once again in the safety of his own space.
When he got downstairs, Bruce was already set up in the conference room, holo-screens flashing as he tried to track the origin of the SUVs. Tony had taken to calling it the War Room, and the rest of the team had picked up on it. It was an accurate assessment as any. Steve’s favourite feature was the long glass table that could light up 3D maps. It was presently tracking the vehicles as they dodged both the local police and SHIELD, leading them on a horrifying merry car chase through the city.
There was no one out and about, everyone smartly bundled into their own homes in anticipation of the blizzard. The snow was already hard to walk in, and Tony wasn’t sure if he’d be able to find the jailhouse again. He tied a rope to the hitch to be safe, looping the coil around his arm as he walked Flower back to the rental stable. Pym was checking on his animals when he walked in, and his brows disappeared into his hair as he took in the sorry sight of Tony and the horse.
“What?” Steve turns to face him. Tony’s nose skates over his brow, and Tony presses a soft kiss there, too, before he pulls back to meet Steve’s eyes.
“Take your time,” the professor says. His chair backs up a little, and Steve tries to get his bearings. The clock says they’ve only been working for an hour, but it feels like he’s been under for days. He knows how that can go from Amora. He still doesn’t like it one bit. “What do you think?”
He’d known, abstractly, that Pepper was Tony’s friend before she was anything else. That was easy enough. He’d just never thought that he and Tony would ever reach a point where the people in their lives would choose sides. Now, he can’t stop thinking about it. He thinks of all the missions he’s run with Natasha, the easy way they move together, like they’ve been fighting side by side all their lives. He thinks about the way her mouth twitches up at the corner in that particular smile she reserves only for Tony, of varying beverages appearing in her hands in anticipation of Tony’s moods and needs, of the way their heads look bowed together in a dark room, the scent of alcohol acrid in the air. He thinks about Clint and Tony’s raucous bickering, fingers flying over buttons as they scream at the television. He thinks of Clint’s steadfast faith in him, unflinching, humbling. Bruce and Rhodes are Tony’s, that’s an easy call, and Sam is his, but Steve doesn’t know what to think of Thor. If Loki is Tony’s, Thor might go with him, too.
Steve lets out a wet breath against Tony’s neck. Tony can feel the flutter of his eyelashes against his skin as he blinks.
“You didn’t see me until after Thanos did his thing,” Tony acknowledges. “We didn’t talk while I was…like that. You’d never seen me like that.”
Some of it, probably, is jealousy. Steve’s dreamed about Tony scenting him. He’s woken to soiled sheets at the memory of it, something that hasn’t happened since he was a teenage alpha in the year after his presentation. Tony smells like nothing Steve’s ever smelled before: coconut and copper, yes, but also the static feeling of electricity. He imagines licking over Tony’s throat and feeling it in his hair follicles, like putting his tongue in a socket. Lightning. Tony smells like ozone and lightning. Wet earth and wind. A summer storm. It’s delicious. It’s intoxicating. It drives Steve mad. He goes around the tower sometimes burying his nose into places where Tony’s been: the pillows on the couch, and a kitchen towel, and the dirty laundry in the gym. Twice now he’s lost all sense and stolen something to bring back to his room: first, a sweaty towel that Tony must have wiped his neck on after boxing with Happy Hogan; second, a shop rag, marked with the acrid scent of the machine oil and grease that so often lingers under Tony’s fingernails. He’d touched himself, thinking of Tony putting his dirty hands all over him, marking him up. He wants to wear Tony’s blackened handprints under his clothes all day, a mark of ownership. He wants Tony to make a mess of him.
“You’re a dork,” Tony informs him, but he’s smiling. He shakes his head at Steve’s victorious pose. “Alright, fine. You win.”
He loves New York in the summer. The city is always alive, humming with energy, but there’s something intensely satisfying about the palatable joy of the first weeks of warmth, the way the collective populace seems to get up and stretch off the cold and the dark. Flowering trees bloom on every street, tulips rioting down the street dividers. The sidewalks are flooded with buskers playing music, free concerts and movie showings filling the parks with the raucous sounds of laughter and life. It took a while for him to learn her newness, the different form she’d taken, but the city now is everything he’s always loved and more, new sights and sounds and smells. She’s still beautiful, after all these years, still too much and everything at once. Steve closes his eyes, waiting for a walk sign, and drowns in it.
Loki looks thoughtful, then apologetic, petting Tony’s sides and moving up to kiss the corner of his mouth. “I meant no harm,” he says, licking into Tony’s mouth. Tony lets him, tension stringing his body. “I only wished to see.”
“Why would I be mad?” Steve asked, exasperated, and Tony froze. His eyes flicked downwards, barely a tic, before he blinked once, twice. His nostrils flared.
Still, he likes the quiet this side of the morning. The city never sleeps, sure, but the bars were open 'til four. The work hour traffic just barely began at six, didn't truly set in until seven. Five was the perfect midpoint, that space where the city took a moment to yawn, maybe, stretching and covering her mouth politely before settling down at a desk, getting on a train, hailing a cab. Fifth Avenue was surprisingly quiet, the high end shops opening later in the morning to cater to a crowd that preferred brunch to breakfast. The museums were not yet open to be clogged with well-dressed natives and camera-toting tourists. Early rising was for blue collars, and blue collar Fifth Avenue was not. The only workers he ever saw were the ones opening restaurants, cleaning windows, washing streets. It's why he usually preferred to run down the East River or Riverside Drive, at least until he got to the park. But Fifth was nothing if not heavily surveilled.
Steve pins him to the side of the tub, wet hair dripping into Tony’s face as he looms over him. His face is flushed. Happy. He’s everything Tony’s ever wanted.
TL;DR Do I think what Steve did is okay? No, but I’m probably Bruce in this situation. It’s Tony’s (dumb) life choice. Does Tony think what Steve did was okay? Eh. It’s just the once, and Steve was shaking off some magic shite.
“I’m going to have to ask you to leave,” Pepper interrupts smoothly, and Tony shakes his head a little and leans against the elevator doorway. Steve can’t see him, but Pepper spares him a searching glance. Her expression doesn’t change.
Steve laughs, bright blue eyes skittering over to Tony. They’re crinkled with a familiar kind of grin, the kind of grin that always ends in Tony and Steve doing something that SHIELD or Pepper will yell at them for, later.
Tony looks up. Steve’s face is wan, his eyes wide. He sucks in a breath, then turns and pulls a washcloth from the sink cabinet. He runs it under a hot tap in the sink. His jaw is tight with suppressed emotion when he turns and kneels down in front of Tony’s chair.
By the time he gets home, Steve’s planning to head straight to his rooms and take a shower. He wants to wash off all that airport grime. After washing up he’d like to see Tony, maybe bring him some of the stuff he’s reading. Maybe they can eat dinner together again.
“Well, it has a happy ending,” Tony says, the words dirty in his mouth, and Steve can’t help but tighten his fingers on Tony’s hip.
Steve frowns. “Well. I-…wouldn’t say that,” he says, but he’s not sure, now. That is kind of what he said, isn’t it? “Jeez, I dunno. I just meant that’s what I saw happen, was all. I don’t mean to call it good. I wouldn’t wish what I went through on anyone, Professor.”
Loki’s brow twists, the smile on his face twisting painfully with it. “Please, Stark. This will not end well for any of us, if you cannot be transparent about your intentions for your country’s legal approach to vigilantism and power from the start. Your views may not align, and the hurt will cloud his judgement. You will lash out at one another, bitterly. It would ruin everything-” He stops, suddenly, as though seized by something. His breath catches sharply in his throat, and he gasps for one heart-pounding moment before a cool mask drops back down, concealing the hint of desperation and terror that had been creeping in around the edges. It’s enough to make the small hairs at the back of Tony’s neck stand at attention.
“I love you,” Steve whispered against his hipbone as he removed Tony’s boxers, grinning softly at the nuts and bolts print on them. He tossed them to the side, then glanced up to meet Tony’s eyes. He looked wild, a little confused, incredibly turned on. Steve wanted to eat him alive.
“It’s Cap,” Tony says, bemused. Natasha just shakes her head, pressing her lips together in a mirthless line. She turns her head, eyes staring uncannily at the glass, as if she can pinpoint exactly where Steve might be standing.
But Pepper was right; he’s always better with a short deadline and a big project to work on. And he’s having a lot of fun building this float.
JARVIS sounds alarmed, but also confused, and Tony takes a deep breath before lifting one hand to wave away his question, the other swiping over his face.
“I love you,” Steve confesses, mouth pressed to the space over Tony’s heart. Perhaps he is a coward after all. He knows Tony cannot hear him, but it feels so good to say it out loud. It feels like letting go of a weight he has been carrying all his life.
“I’ve seen you two fighting over the remote,” Spidey ribs him, body language loose and excited. “He’s getting better at it, isn’t he?”
“That’s some good square mile of wilderness you’re aiming to search, Mister Stark,” Cage said, shaking his head, but Tony was already pulling on his gloves.
“Tony?” he asked, something like fear curling inside him, and Tony roused as though waking from a dream. His expression flickered, then settled into something like wonderment.
Steve doesn’t know what he’s expecting when he gets back to the tower, but he doesn’t want to see anyone. He avoids the common areas and moves straight to his quarters, his shoulders only releasing their tension when he’s locked the door behind him. He presses his forehead to the cool wood and breathes. Fresh paint.
Another twenty minutes. Steve does a circuit of the room, sits down, goes back over to the monitor. They should be closing in on the facility right now. Perhaps convening outside as they make any last minute calls. He scrubs a hand over the back of his head.
“I wanna have you with me for a bit while you’re gone,” Steve explained, blushing faintly. Tony smirked at him, but he was gentle when he pulled out, tilting Steve’s hips up to keep as much of the mess inside him as possible before plugging him back up. The plug wasn’t as big as Tony’s knot, and he could already feel some of the combined mess of his slick and Tony’s come leaking out, but he wanted to keep that full feeling if Tony was running off. He always felt needy after a knotting, preferring a long aftercare scene with Tony’s fingers pressing in and out, obscene noises filling the room as he massaged the soreness from Steve’s body. But they both knew there wasn’t enough time for that.
Tony opens his mouth to say yes, then closes it again. He remembers the guilt that swallowed him when he’d come home from his night out with Lacey and Michelle.
When he’d hit puberty and started having them himself, his mother had tutted and fussed and frowned over him, blaming herself.
“Who, me?” Steve asks, leaning in closer. His eyes are so bright and blue in the sunny March morning, the cold wind bringing a bit of colour to his high cheekbones. “I’m just doin’ my job, boss.”
“Are you…” He falters, then lets out a soft sound of sorrow. He reaches out one long arm towards the glass Tony’s got resting on the corner of one worktop, dips his littlest finger into it. “You’re not…uh. Drinking. Are you?”
"I was trying too hard," Steve says, shrugging. "Walking on eggshells. I was so busy trying to be a good soulmate, I forgot how to be who I am. I put a lot of pressure on you, in a way that was unfair. I can understand that now, even if I don’t agree with how you’ve decided to handle it."
Steve raises his eyebrows, a crease forming at the centre where Tony’s always telling him he’s gonna get premature wrinkles,
“I think Loki can see the future,” Tony says, apropos of nothing, and Steve stills. He blinks once, twice, processing the assertion. “He told me I had to make things right with you, because if not we’re all going to fucking die. He had a premonition, like- like something out of the exorcism. There’s someone coming for us, something…something big. That’s why he’s here; because teaming up with us is better than the end of everything. He said there would be nothing left to fight over. And I’m so tired of fighting with you, Steve. I’m so- God, I’m so fucking
“I have spent all this time desperately wishing for my brother to come to me, to speak with me even for a moment. Yet he chose you.”
“It could destroy the pack bonds if too many of the team are exposed,” he explained, and Steve blanched at the thought.
“Steve Rogers is a coward and a bastard, and he doesn’t deserve you risking your life for him after everything he’s said and done,” Pepper says hotly, the dam bursting, and Tony laughs outright, and keeps on going. He laughs until his side aches and his cheeks ache, too.
Bruce makes a soft, muffled sound. It bears a suspicious resemblance to a laugh, and Tony turns and spears him with a dirty look.
Steve considers this. He wants to ask if that’s how Hill feels now that her position at SHIELD is gone, or if maybe he’s misinterpreting her statement as meaning more than it is. He doesn’t think she’s just talking about the movie.
Steve quirks his lips. He readjusts himself in his chair. “You already know why I’m here,” he tries, smiling a little, but the professor simply studies him. He looks down at his hands, then glances out the window. Outside, a brunette woman with a shock of white hair chases a laughing student through the air. Both of them fly like they were born doing it.
Tony woke slowly, a heavy arm draped over his waist, breath tickling the back of his neck. It was a little chilly, the fire in the stove banked a bit, but here beneath the covers it was warm and easy. The low light of morning peeked through the windows, but it was early yet.
“War and trauma like that can change a man. You feel weak, and guilty for your weakness. You want to be better than you are. But there is no better. You are who you are. Peace comes from accepting pain, using it for good.”
Thor lets out a booming laugh, but to his eternal credit, there is no bitterness in it. He seems, if anything, resigned. “Only once,” he repeats, and Tony grins like he gets the joke.
"Thanks, babe!" Tony calls out, reckless and high on adrenaline. He flinches violently at the feel of cool lips pressed to his cheek, inside the helmet,
“Tell me,” Tony demands, and Steve hitches a breath that breaks in the middle. “Tell me, baby, I want to hear how I make you feel.”
Uuuuugh I struggled with this so much so sorry that it's being posted a little late. I feel like I'm dissatisfied with the ending. But I don't want to bias anyone towards it, so that's all I'll say haha. Maybe it's just that I've been staring at this chapter on and off for two whole weeks and I don't know what's good anymore...
Tony swallows, glancing around furtively. There’s no one else in the room. It doesn’t even matter. He and Steve aren’t even together.
“Sir,” JARVIS says, perturbed. “An unidentified woman has just appeared outside demanding Mr. Odinson come and face her. She seems to be wielding magic similar to Mr. Laufeyson’s.”
“Okay, honey, time for bed,” she says with the kind of ebullient false cheer that parents have been perfecting for aeons. She glances over towards Steve. “Sorry, Steve.”
“You need help on Amora,” Tony says, glancing at the display. Sure enough, a magical bolt crumbles the edge of the roof just where Clint had been leaning. The elevator doors open, and Tony shoots down four hydra scientists immediately. Strucker is nowhere to be seen. “Too late, I’m here already.”
He unscrews the lube as he’s sucking, dipping his fingers into the container and sliding them together. The sound they make is filthy. Tony’s always loved that. Steve can definitely hear it, because he bucks his hips up in anticipation, begging, “Tony, please, come on,” and how can Tony say no to that? He presses one finger in, waiting for Steve’s body to get used to the breach. He’s tight, but the sound that Steve makes is desperate, his hips kicking up a little into Tony’s mouth.
He glanced at Stark, and found the alpha watching him. He offered him a nod, and smiled when he got one in return.
“Spoonman” spills forth from the speakers, albeit a quieter volume than what Tony really means when he says “blast.” Still, it’s better than silence, and for a while he works on the projection. He runs through simulated tests and watches the tunnel collapse five, thirteen, forty seven different ways. He considers fringe theories on new biosynthetic building materials that mimic mushrooms or spider webs. He dictates a few light inquiries to a handful of material science innovators across the world.
He steps away from the table, noting Bruce following him but letting it slide in favour of walking towards the elevator. Bruce trails behind him in silence, but presses the button for the lab when they get in. He fiddles with his cuffs, making sure they’re rolled flat, then pushes a hand into his hair. Tony waits, used to Bruce’s habits by now; he’s always been a fidgeter.
“I don’t need to tell anyone that the world is poorer without my friend in it. I suppose I don’t need to say that it was richer for his presence, either. He made each and every one of us better, myself more than anyone. So what I wish—selfishly and more than anything—is for that light not to go out. I know that’s what Steve would say, if he were here with us. He would want us to believe in ourselves, in the light within each sapient creature in the multiverse. He would want us to keep taking care of each other. He would want us to become the best versions of ourselves.
“We can ask him how his tech works when we take him down,” Clint says, waving a pot sticker. “How do we take him down without him killing Tony, exactly?”
Steve processes this for a long time. The concrete flies by under his feet as he moves, trees shaking gently in the cool spring breeze. JARVIS waits, used to Steve’s silence. He knows everything there is to know about all of them, Steve is sure, even more than they know each other. If Thor is meant to be some sort of god, he wonders, and not for the first time, what does that make JARVIS, who is constrained by fewer fetters in many ways? His eyes are everywhere and nowhere, held within no mind or skin. He’s never thought of JARVIS as limited. Over the years, it has become hard to think of him as anything less than a person. It was a journey, to be sure, but no one who interacted with JARVIS for any length of time could dispute that he had his own thoughts, his own desires, his own beliefs that existed outside of Tony’s. It was apparent every time they argued, in the way he so clearly cared for the team.
“Thirty minutes,” she said, rising. Clint stood and left the room, but Natasha hovered, something complex flitting over her face as she surveyed Steve’s face. After a breath, she leaned down and pressed a chase kiss to his cheek, resting her forehead against his temple.
A single tear trickles down Tony’s face. Steve brushes his thumb over Tony’s cheek to wipe it away, but he can’t. He can’t, and then he’s not touching Tony anymore. His hands can’t reach Tony’s skin. His forehead tingles where their skin met for two beautiful seconds, and Steve’s crying, too, now, because he was so close. He was so, so close.
“Steve,” Bruce said, and there was a pause. It was like the world had been muted, the screens slowing. Bruce had that ability, sometimes. It was like all of his training to keep himself calm and centred could rub off on other people, if only for a moment. It was like he could hold you in his hands, keep you with him inside his little bubble of peace as long as you were looking right at him, listening to his voice.
Loki smiles, then very purposefully presses his lips to the tip of Tony’s cock, slowly dragging his mouth over the head until he’s sucking it, his tongue flat and hot against the skin. Tony lets out a long moan, unabashed, and curls one foot against Loki’s ribs, pressing to get some skin contact between them. Loki looks smug as Tony’s ever seen him as he works, talented tongue and more years of experience than Tony’s been alive leaving him panting, rocking his hips up to get a bit of friction. He lets loose a broken noise when Loki lets his mouth go slack, encourages Tony to fuck into him a few times before swallowing him down to the root.
“Brother?” he says, wonderingly, and Loki’s expression sours into something jaded and petty. Thor rushes forward to embrace him, but his hands move right through, and Loki dissolves into golden light.
“I think I have a really bad feeling about the fact that JARVIS has been searching since I woke up this morning and still has no idea where he is, and apparently there was a prison break from a superprison that we didn’t even know about last night.” Tony points back down the hallway, agitated and fidgety with it. “Did you see the names on that list, Rhodey? I’ve put some of them away and I didn’t even know where I was sending them. And I hadn’t even heard of some of those guys. What were they locked away for? Did they even get a trial?”
Steve straightened, his heart leaping into his throat. “Oh.” He stood, polishing off the rest of his water and putting it in the sink. Then he turned around, then went back and picked up the sponge. He should wash it. “How long?”
“It’s weird,” Tony says, and for a moment, Steve isn’t sure what he’s talking about. “It’s crazy, even, maybe.”
“I do love it,” Tony said, but his voice was impatient now, and Steve laughed helplessly at that. “Steven Grant Rogers, are you going to ask me to marry you, or should I run this program again?”
Tony nods once as the elevator dings, stepping out onto grey concrete. The floor echoes with the sound of Tony’s crisp Italian leather shoes, and Steve slants a sideways glance at him, studying his movements.
The appeal of this, in the moments when Tony’s let himself think about it, rests largely on two things: intimate hands-on bondage, and the staggering implications of a prehensile cock. He lets the ridged tip of his ligula slide against Steve’s inner walls, slow and mean, until he finds the place he’s looking for and curls into it, vicious and with more dexterity than a normal human cock would be able to.
“JARVIS tells me this isn’t what I think it is,” Steve says hoarsely, and Tony glances at the closest security camera. He’s sure his gratefulness is naked on his face. “But no matter how I look at it, it doesn’t quite look like that’s true. Is it?”
Tony breaks off with a gasp, eyes flickering behind them, and all at once Steve realises that the open living plan of the common area means that there’s nothing stopping Natasha and Bruce from seeing everything, and that he’s painfully hard under the cradle of Tony’s hips.
The first was Tiberius Stone’s parents. They were everything the media said they would be: coiffed, beautiful, perfectly matched. A textbook alpha male/omega female couple, they’d passed their perfect genes on to their son. Ty was an almost unbelievably conventionally attractive alpha: gleaming, wavy blond hair and blue eyes. Broad shoulders. A crooked grin. He’d had Tony wrapped around his finger from day one, and Tony had been utterly helpless to him. He’d shown Obeisance to Ty as easy as breathing, and Ty had abused it. Then Ty cheated on him, and the relationship had disintegrated in a terrifying flashbang of slammed doors and the kinds of terrible things that could not be unsaid.
“We’re outmatched,” Tony says, still panting a little, and Loki puts one of Tony’s hands on his throat. He can feel Loki’s pulse under his hands, slow and steady, and it grounds him within the room. “JARVIS, Mind Riot?”
“I...” Loki smiles, tight and plastic. He still isn’t looking at Tony, and after a long moment of silence Tony moves towards him, slow. He has enough experience by now to recognise when Loki is vulnerable, to say nothing of his own fucked-up history. He peels his jacket off and drapes it carefully over the back of an armchair, removes his cufflinks and places them in one of the decorative vessels on the coffee table.
Then the door opens again. For a moment, Steve thinks perhaps Agent Kathri has returned. Instead, however, the strangest possible person is standing in the doorway: a squat, broad silhouette to block out the greater light from the hall.
“Fuck,” Tony breathes, reaching a blind hand out to grasp Steve’s questing one. “Hoooly fuck, definitely magic. 100%, no doubt, absolutely a fucking shitty magic spell placed on me, god
Tony stiffens at the feeling of a hand between his shoulder blades, a tingling calm spreading out from it in a slow creep that makes his hair stand on end. He lashes out, batting Loki’s hand away and shoving at him until his wrists are caught, held fast within inhuman strength.
“Which means he’s got to be somewhere between here and the pass proper, in the scrub. Maybe he’d been hiding out, looking to spring an ambush on the bandits.”
Eventually, Tony throws his hands up and falls onto the workshop couch. Steve falls down next to him, half into his lap. And then he lays there, and does his best to tone out the argument happening above him, because he feels sicker than he’s ever felt with the serum in his body. If he had a head, it would be splitting open with pain.
“Nobody’s stopping you,” Tony says, cheeky and grinning. He hisses when Loki curls his finger, just grazing his prostate. “Go for it. Go big or go home.”
“Awesome! One enormous architectural Frankenstein coming up,” Tony says, clapping his hands together. “Think you can source a team of minions for me?”
There’s a moment of silence in the workshop as they all process this, the only sound Dummy whirring in the corner as he tries to tidy up. Bruce clears his throat.
Steve nods. “Finish up and come to bed,” he says, and something vulnerable passes over Tony’s face. Then he nods, and disappears back into the bathroom.
“I enjoyed everything we did,” Tony insists, and Steve’s beautiful eyes slide back to him. They flicker slightly as Steve studies his mouth, his eyebrows, glancing between his eyes. He looks desperately like he wants to believe him. The capillaries around the edges are broken, the skin pink and slightly swollen. They gleam wetly, still. He looks like he might cry again. “Okay, Cap, how about this. J, go back to the beginning.”
Tony closes his eyes, takes a breath. “I don’t know,” he admits. “I have to find out who else is on the council.”
“I don’t know? My heat might be coming on soon,” Steve admitted. Between the serum and the stress of combat and then their job, his heats had always been unpredictable. He carried emergency blockers with him at all times, but he and Tony preferred to let them run when possible. It was better for his health and their bond, but mostly it was like Tony always said; heats were just a lot of fun. “But you’ve been working a lot this week, so I might also just miss you a bit.”
Steve fell beside him, his knees squelching in the blood-soaked earth, eyes frantic but assessing, seeing the way things were, seeing everything. The blood, the seared flesh around the place where his arm had once been, the anguish on his face, the burns that covered the left side of his body. The blast had scorched his skin, singed his hair. His voice was loud, monotonous, his eyes squeezed shut as the pain ripped through his body. Steve saw it all. Everything. And he was sick. Sick, because his artist’s eye picked it all up, just as it had the mountains a moment ago--
“Do--” Tony began, stepping lightly.  He felt like he was walking on dangerous ground and didn’t want to accidentally tread on something that could blow up in his face.  “Do you have any money?” he asked gently.
“Fine.”  His spirits were dampened, but not shattered.  He hadn’t really expected Strange to let him come.  “Will you at least tell me when you do it?  And tell me how he does?”
“I know you wouldn’t. You never have.” He squeezed Tony tighter. “I don’t mean to get defensive, it’s just hard for me to explain.”
“‘Kay,” Steve answered, but made no move to get out. The tears from earlier were back. He didn’t want to cry. He’d cried enough. He bit his lip, breathing through it, trying to keep them at bay. He brushed them away with one covert fist, and then unbuckled his seat-belt. “Guess I’ll see you at graduation,” he mumbled.
“Just a couple times,” he said, picking a cashew out of the bowl they were sharing. He didn’t look straight at Sam, just glanced at him through his lashes. “It’s not really serious.”
know. He knew what Tony did to him, though. How helpless he rendered him. How loving him was the most important, honest, lovely, perfect thing he had ever done. He knew
said, it almost always caught them by surprise. In fact, it had become a little running competition among their unit--who could make Steve laugh the most. Bucky was currently in the lead, but Timothy “Dum Dum” Dugan was gunning for the top spot. He thought he could take it by February.
“Tell you what,” Steve said, and kissed Tony’s hand one more time, but he didn’t let it go, just held it in his on the table between them, letting his thumb brush the skin of his wrist . “You get the pumpkin, I’ll get the apple, and then we’ll buy a whole
Tony left for the prison half an hour early just in case.  He was glad he did.  A repeat of last week’s arc reactor chat-fest happened.  He knew it would.  Part of him vaguely wondered if this was the army’s way of just getting info for their own purposes, and decided he was done talking.  Next week he’d tell them to fuck off.  He was on tape now.  Two thirty-minute sessions.  They could watch those when they had a hard-on for Stark tech.  He was done whoring it out for free.
even as the left side stayed cold from the winter air, and he wanted nothing more than to rest his cheek against the snow for a little while to cool it, but he didn’t. The others had drawn away from him while he had stood looking up at the mountains--
Steve collapsed in on himself, crying, and Tony was there immediately, kneeling before him, taking him in his arms.  “Bucky,” Steve sobbed into Tony’s shoulder.  “His name’s Bucky, right, Tony?  It’s Bucky, right?”
Steve bent his head against Tony’s shoulder and held him.  “You are winning,” he said.  “I don’t want to fight.”
They had Sam and his parents over for dinner two nights before the surgery. Sam brought his girlfriend Wanda along, and she spent the evening talking about her brother, looking at Steve the entire time. When they were finished eating, Sam followed Steve into the kitchen and nudged him in the shoulder.
Tears came to his eyes, and he wiped them hurriedly away, trying to regain his composure.  He remembered where he was.  That this man was a Colonel.
“Do you, um,” Steve began, and his own hand lifted to finger the cuff of Tony’s jacket tentatively. “Do you want to come with? We could stay at the Center for a while, then maybe get some lunch after? And...talk, or something?”
He looked up fast. He knew the voice. The second it was in his ears, he knew the voice, and all of his memories and thoughts and feelings about that voice came crashing down onto him.
Steve didn’t kiss Strange, but he did shake his hand.  He’d lost his sling, Tony noticed, but the arm was still encased in a cut-down cast,  His face had healed though.  It was unblemished, beautiful, but very pale.  There were lines of weariness around his eyes.  He hadn’t been sleeping again, Tony could see.  All alone in a metal room with no one to put the blankets back on, his nightmares would be profound.  Tony marveled at his strength, his will to keep going no matter what.  Six months in a mental facility.  A year in an underwater isolated prison.  Another three months here.  A lesser man would have cracked by now.
He opened his eyes, startled in the gloom.  The thought was his own, but it had seemed to come from outside of himself, and for a moment, he thought he saw the image of a man standing on a green bluff, the deep blue of the ocean behind him.  One eye was covered by a patch, the other bored into Steve’s eyes, into his soul.  Even though the man was old, he exuded a vigorous strength that was almost frightening.  And then Steve saw himself on a dark, broken field, ash and blood and rubble surrounding him.  He saw himself with his shield in one hand, and Stormbreaker in the other, saw himself lift it high, saw himself lit in a corona of lightning.
The effect was instantaneous.  One second, Tony’s face was open, unguarded, his eyes filled with an easy desire, then in the blink of an eye, that guise of haughty coolness was back.  That all-too-familiar mask of genius-billionaire-playboy-philanthropist was clouding his features.  He ran his hands through his hair and straightened his t-shirt.
So, they didn't really have an "anniversary" in the traditional sense of the word, but that didn't mean they didn't acknowledge their relationship.
--little half-smile.  “He wouldn’t make the same choice now, you know,” he said.  “He’d pick you.  Don’t ever throw that away, or take it for granted.  I swear to god, if you do, you’ll regret it for the rest of your life.  And not because of anything I would do to you.  I wouldn’t have to do anything.  You’d do it to yourself.  Wouldn’t you?”
Steve ran his hand up and down Tony’s spine.  “Me too.  Except I’m like a teenager for the first time.  I didn’t have much luck before.”
Sam took his other hand and held it over the table. He stared hard at Steve, willing him to meet his eyes, and when he did, Sam squeezed his hand. “You. Deserve. This,” he emphasized.
Steve tossed his backpack down on the ground and sat down on a stump. He had never been out here alone before. It was nice. Sunlight came down through the leaves, making the shadows look all fluttery and shimmery, and there were birds singing in the trees. He’d never heard that before out here. Maybe with all the other kids running around and kicking through the underbrush, they flew away until it was quiet. Or maybe they just sat up in the branches watching. Steve didn’t know, but he understood why Dr. Banner liked it. It was quiet. And peaceful. He could think better here. Maybe Dr. Banner could too.
“If expecting people to be better makes you different, then maybe we should all try to be a little more different.”
Steve nodded, his lips quivering.  The tears over-spilled his lashes, turning those blue eyes into dark sapphires.  “Take care of each other,” he begged, clutching their hands with panicky tightness.  “God, please promise me you’ll take care of each other.  Stay together.  Don’t-Don’t slip away.  It’s so easy to just...let people slip away.  Promise me you won’t do that.  Promise me you’ll find Wanda and the three of you will take care of each other.”
Steve stood up. “Not me,” he said. “James here, might need one though.” Steve swallowed the rest of his beer. “I’m going to go find the restroom. Keep him in check while I’m gone, ‘kay, Nat?”
“Come on, Steve,” he coaxed, wanting to see him smile, wanting to make him blush, all the while hating himself for wanting that. “You can tell me.”
Tony went into the bedroom and stripped his t-shirt off.  The bedroom, he thought as he turned the shower on and stepped under the spray.
and any kind of future together.  He’d deactivated Steve’s access code, and then he’d hibernated for two weeks.  When he emerged, it was April, and the promise of spring had become the reality of it.
Tony shoved his hands into his pockets and kicked the tire of her BMW.  “I got some news and I wanted to tell someone.”
Tony put his hand on Steve's cheek and urged his face down until he could reach his mouth.  He kissed him fervently. "I'm sorry, baby. You're right. I'm the worst."
Steve sat down on the sofa. He put his elbows on his knees and rubbed his face tiredly. He was exhausted. Hurt. Like his heart had just been pulled out of his chest, and then sent through a shredder for good measure. And it was his own fault. He knew it. He didn’t blame Tony. Tony who had been so good to him. Who had treated him with such love and care over the last months. Who never saw him as ‘mediocre’. Tony who deserved every good thing that this life had to offer.
“Why not?” Tony asked. His voice held a tiny pouting note. Steve swallowed. That wasn’t helping matters. And neither was having him so close. And again he wondered how this had happened so goddamn
, Steve, why do you have to make everything so hard? Let’s just go. Okay? Please? Pretty please? You’re making
My previous readers know about my sloppy-ass research skills. It's a 30-second Google search, guys. Sorry for the wrong things. I've said it before and I'll probably have to say it again--I deal in feelings not facts.
Tony blinked.  This was happening very fast and if he wasn’t so happy, he would be a little irked at the way Strange had taken his plan and manipulated it into his own.  He’d even gotten Wanda here again.  On Tony’s jet.  And made sure she was set up in Tony’s home for the night.  Tony didn’t begrudge Wanda one bit.  He just wished he had been the one to set all this up for her.  Now that he and Steve were truly together, Tony wanted to get to know her a little more.  If she was Steve’s pseudo-daughter, that almost made her Tony’s pseudo-step-daughter, and he wanted her to like him.  And not pseudo-like him.
Steve drew in a deep breath and let it slowly out. Then again. His eyes bored into Tony’s, and Tony let him look. Let him look just as long as he wanted to. As long as he needed to. He’d let him look for the next fifty years--the next hundred--as long as it meant he was standing here with him. As long as it meant they were together.
When he was sure the kitchen was clean and there was no trace of their most recent dalliance, Tony opened the door and went outside.  He couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face or the spring in his step as he went down to greet them.  He teased Steve for missing “the kids” too much, but now that they were here, his own heart burst with joy at seeing them.
Tony’s eyes flew open, understanding hit him like a freight train even as Steve surged forward.  Tony planted his feet, putting himself bodily between the group and a pissed-off, hot-blooded Steve Rogers.
“Mm,” Rhodey nodded.  “I said, ‘He’s got you, doesn’t he?’ and when he didn’t say anything, I thought I’d better come see what was up.”
She lay on her back, his forearm pressed firmly against her throat, pinning her in place.  She tapped his shoulder twice, quick and light, and he let up immediately.  He stood and held out his hand.  She took it and let him pull her to her feet.
When she reached for a wooden spoon or a set of tongs, sometimes her mouth would turn sharply down for a fraction of a second before smoothing out again and curving back up into her usual smile.
“Give him more thorazine.  Strange has some special ones coming.  They should be here within the hour.”
Dodger moved around Tony and sat down beside the bathtub. He rested his head on the rim, looking at Steve with what was undoubtedly a worried expression. Steve put his hand on the dog’s head.
Tony looked at him for a second, then frowned. He moved his hand down to cup Steve’s cheek. “You’re pale.”
Steve took in a deep breath. “Me too, Tony,” he said. “But really. Wake up, okay? There’s something-” he let the breath out in a rush.
Steve ducked his head, smiling and blushing furiously. “How do you always know just what to say?” he asked. “It doesn’t even seem like you think about it.” He shook his head a little. “You just open your mouth and the perfect thing comes out of it. Every single time.”
Bruce came over to the work bench.  He picked up a piece of a thruster, tweaked a wire, then put it back down.  “What are you working on?”
Strange sighed again.  “I’ll talk to you about this once.  Just this once, then I can’t talk about it again, alright?”
His fingers drifted down Steve’s chest to the waistband of his jeans.  They touched the button and moved across it, idly toying with it.  “Well,” Tony said, “not
“It’s not a big deal, Tony,” Steve said, but that didn’t stop him from stretching out along the length of the couch and settling his head against Tony’s chest. It didn’t stop Tony from wrapping his arms around him either. From holding him as close as he could. From planting a kiss to his forehead. From running his hand up and down Steve’s back in a way that he hoped was comforting to Steve, because it was definitely a comfort to Tony, himself. And he needed it. After hearing the things Steve was saying, he
The sky started to spit down rain as Tony drove into town.  It got worse while he waited for the food.  He sat at one of the small tables by the window, looking out as the occasional drops turned into a steady drizzle.  It was fine.  He was a good driver, a little rain never bothered him, but he felt bad for all those folks at the lake who had geared up for a fireworks show.
He still puttered around the house a little.  He did the dishes, and made breakfast, and at night, would watch tv for an hour before going to brush his teeth, but mostly, he was outside.
Steve blushed a little, looking up through lowered lashes.  “If you’re real.  See, I’ve had this dream.  It starts out a lot like this.”
Steve’s hands balled into fists, the right gripping the handle of the cane until the knuckles were white.
“We’re coming now, Nat,” he said, but his eyes never left Tony’s watchful face.  When she was gone, Steve smiled.  It was small, but it was there.  He squeezed Tony’s hand then let it go.  “We’d better go do this, I guess,” he said.
Hi everyone. I just wanted to drop a quick note before the chapter to say how much I love you all. These have been tough times lately. Stay safe, stay strong, love and support each other, please. I love all of you. I can't tell you how much.
other pies. Then we can take one to Nat and Sam’s tomorrow night when we go for dinner. How does that sound?”
On the couch behind them, Bruce let out a little snore.  They turned in tandem, identical fond looks on their faces.
Tony turned and came back.  He stopped in front of Steve and looked up at him with his rich, dark eyes.  “You’re right,” he sighed, and punched Steve in the jaw.
“Why?  Is it purely for shock-value?  I know you indulged in that a lot while Howard and Maria were alive, but I had hoped you would have outgrown it by now.”
Tony took an abortive step toward him, then raised his hands helplessly.  “I can’t...I’m not supposed to--”
“I know, Steve,” he soothed, and put his hand on the back of Steve’s neck, guiding him again until his forehead was pressed against Tony’s flat stomach. “I know. We’ll get there, okay? In a minute. Just breathe for me right now, though, ‘kay? Breathe. Relax.” He smoothed his hand through Steve’s hair, petting him almost as if he was a cat sitting on his lap, and Steve felt himself responding in spite of himself. Felt coiled muscles begin to loosen. Tension he hadn’t even known he was carrying began to ease. His head felt heavier where it rested against Tony...but not in a bad way. Heavy the way his limbs felt heavy when Tony climbed into the bathtub behind him and washed his hair with sweet-smelling shampoo, or when he massaged his shoulders at the end of the day, or when he held him while they lay in bed together at night. The heavy that meant he was finally able to rest. Finally able to put things aside for a little while. Finally right where he was meant to be.
They walked over to where Baxter lay on the floor.  “So,” Clint said, nudging him with the toe of his boot.  “What do we do with this guy?  Please say kill him.”
Steve bit his lip, and looked up at her out of the corner of his eye. “Is...um...is that why you never got married again? You didn’t want to force it?”
Some of the more lucid ones, Tony did allow to drive away.  Nick Fury, as cool and calm as Tony had ever seen him, left.  Bucky and Sam, both still sober, went with him, and Rhodey followed in his Lexus.  They were going back to the Compound.  There was still a job to do, Fury said, no matter how enjoyable the evening had been.
“Yes,” Steve gasped, falling even further back against Tony, letting him hold him up, giving himself wholly over to him without a second thought because that was the way it should be. “Yes, Tony.”
Steve kissed his palm again, then just held his hand.  “The less the government’s involved in our lives the better,” he said.  “They’ve fucked us up enough, Tony.  I don’t want them to touch this.
Thor pulled out the chair next to him and sat down.  He leaned Stormbreaker against the table between them.  “May I see?”
“Even if I didn’t hurt her, can you imagine how scary that would be for her?” he asked in a small voice. “If what happened this morning happened in front of her?” He shook his head, but he didn’t try to move out of Tony’s arms. “No. I can’t do it. I can’t be part of your lives. I was crazy to think I could.”
him--was a sweet dream. The friendship they had now was a sweet reality. He wouldn’t risk the actuality of one for the chance at the other. It wouldn’t be fair to either one of them.
“Hey,” Steve said faintly, pointing at it, but there was no anger behind it. No irritation. He was looking up at Tony now, his eyes painfully blue, filled to the brim with warmth, with love, and Tony thought fleetingly that he was glad Steve never tried to play poker.
He gave her a squeeze, and despite how hard he was trying, one tear escaped his lashes. “I love you, too.”
“Nobody, really,” Steve said, smiling a little, and everything crashed back into place for Tony.  Gina, her name was Gina.  She was his girlfriend.  Had been for three months.  She was nice.  “We used to know each other.”
I know these two are technically underage. I know it. I struggle with this. A lot. However, they are both seventeen, almost eighteen, so I'm going to be okay with that. THIS IS WHY I DON'T WRITE HIGH SCHOOL STUFF. There's the ick-factor attached to the word "underage", so I try to stay away from it altogether. I tried not to be explicit. Sorry if anyone is either offended, or thinks that I'm a huge dork for even worrying about it in the context of a fan-fiction alternate universe take on high-school-aged superheroes. Reading that back makes me sound like a huge dork. Meh, that's okay. I've been called worse.
“God,” Tony groaned, dragging the word out until it felt like three or four syllabels instead of one.  “You’re lucky this chair is comfortable.”
” he repeated, and he’d lost the pout. He was teasing now. Softly and sweetly, but still teasing. “Yeah, how old are you, grandpa? Twenty-one? Twenty-two?”
When he reached the end of the hall, instead of going into his classroom, he just kept walking. He went out the door of the school, out into the warm sunshine, and then just didn’t stop. He felt bad. He felt like he’d hurt Tony’s feelings somehow, but he wasn’t sure what he’d done, or how to fix it. He followed the sidewalk around the side of the school, then down the path that led through the baseball field. No one was out here, and even if there had been, Steve wouldn’t have cared. Who cared if anyone saw him or he got in trouble? He’d never really been in trouble before. Maybe it didn’t matter if he did just this once.
Tony tilted his head back until he could look up at Steve again. He unlaced his fingers, and began scratching them in small circles against Steve’s back. Tony had always been a bit restless, moving just to move, Steve thought that’s what was happening here. He just needed to move...but not move away. Steve tightened his own arms. “I mean halfway home from coffee last week, I had myself convinced you’d never even call me. Let alone make plans to see me.” He paused, bit his lip meaningfully. “See
paying attention, but for some reason, some stupid, fucked-up reason he couldn’t quite grasp, he found his eyes straying to the door. Watching it. Not constantly, but often. Especially over the last ten minutes. Almost like he was expecting someone. Almost like he was waiting-
Not really Tony’s style, but it was turned low, and it fit this place, this atmosphere.  Light filtered through the windows, setting dust-motes dancing.  A cat snoozed on a radiator.  It was so homey and cozy, Tony wondered if The Hulk ever  had occasion to come out and play, at all.
Steve’s heart pounded in his ears, his blood pumped wildly.  He leaned closer still, tightening his grip on Tony even more.  It was possessive, demanding.  He couldn’t stop it.  He didn’t want to.  “You need to stop talking now,” he said, and then they were kissing, and it felt more than merely right--it felt like coming home.
Thank you all for your support for this story! Your comments and enthusiasm about it just astounds me. THANK YOU!
Steve let out a slow, measured breath. Tony thought he nodded just the tiniest bit. He wasn’t one hundred percent sure. But it felt like it. “Do you want pancakes?” Steve asked, a bit uncertainly.
Sam rolled his eyes. “Well, now you’ve both got apartments, with beds, so there should be no need for clandestine grope sessions in some poor unsuspecting janitor’s place of business.” He took a sip of his drink. “Or clandestine anything. Hate to break it to you, but you’re adults. So, why the secrecy?”
Tony pressed his face into Steve’s chest kissed him over his heart.  “I’m sorry, baby,” he said.  “I know that wasn’t you.”
Nat placed a hand on both of their shoulders. “Am I going to have to muzzle you boys?” she said, and Steve couldn’t help but notice the way Bucky’s eyes gleamed when they fell on her. Looked like someone else had a little kink too.
“For a change,” Tony said, the words out of his mouth before he could stop them, barely before they were formed in his head.
“I’m okay,” Steve said. “I just...I want you to know that it’s been a long time for me. I haven't… Even just this. Just being
Tony had received the call that morning.  He’d been at the supermarket.  Steve usually went, but he had a test.  American Literature.  He’d studied.  God, he’d studied so hard.  Author’s names, dates, themes, short answers, paragraph answers, essay portion.  He was worried.  He wanted to do well.  He wanted so much to do well.  He’d started chewing his thumbnails again.
.” He picked up the loaf of bread, untwisted the tie keeping it closed, then twisting it back up again. “But we haven’t talked about
talk whenever it gave him a malice-filled look or jumped onto his shoulder whenever he tried to touch Tony, but that’s because Tony was there, and he didn’t want to end up having the conversation they were now, in fact, having.
“Not that I don’t like the idea of a guy’s hand up my ass…” Tony said, and Steve ducked his head, coughing--almost choking--feeling the blush he couldn’t control coloring his face alarmingly fast. Tony laughed. “And there it is,” he said.
They looked at each other in the shifting blue dim. That clarity in his head making everything about Tony stand out. The dark of his eyes. The length of his lashes. The heat of his body so close to Steve’s own. He liked the way Tony had pushed the sleeves of his shirt casually up, exposing his forearms. Liked the look of the smooth skin that covered the inner curve. He wanted to kiss it. Run his tongue along the blue vein, that protruded from his wrist to the crook of his elbow. He wanted it. Wanted
Tony fell into her arms. Neither of them looked at Howard as they embraced. “Thanks, Mrs. Rogers,” he whispered.
She wrapped her arm around his waist, holding on.  “No, I’m sorry,” she laughed.  “Let me stay.  You’re too comfy.”
Tony sighed and moved closer.  He reached up and traced the line of Steve’s jaw with one finger, then cupped the back of his head, tangling his fingers in his hair.  He looked him levelly in the eye.  Steve didn’t look away.
, if he didn’t know it already.  To Tony, this wasn’t just another voice on a phone linked to him only by the wire that stretched the thirty-two miles that separated them.  He was a man with a wife, four kids, a dog, a mortgage, a stack of bills.  A man worried about Jenny’s braces and Tom’s baseball camp.  Maybe this hadn’t always been the case with Tony.  “Philanthropist” hadn’t always been on his resumé, but it was now.  After Afghanistan, after Sokovia, and especially after Thanos.  They all had faces now.  They all had names and stories.  They weren’t just voices on the phone anymore.  They were people.
Sure, it was partly his fault for being late, but it was bowling night, and Jeff and Ray were having a tiff over whether or not to get new shirts for the upcoming tournament.  Jeff thought the old ones were fine.  Ray wanted new ones.  The old ones looked like shit, he said.
Tony nodded and took his glasses off.  He remembered a time when he had been able to do all the tiny, fiddly work without glasses.  Apparently, those days were now gone.  Eh.  Sunrise, sunset.  What are you gonna do?
Bruce sipped his beer.  “They, uh, didn’t seem too surprised, actually,” he said, and blushed.  “They just told me to let them know when I was finished and walked away.”
Even through his joyful haze, Tony heard the desperation in Steve’s tone, felt the unmistakable wetness of his tears against his skin.
Tony turned his back and started for the garage.  He ignored the metallic clang of the chair as Steve wrangled his way into it, then the click and clatter of gravel as Steve wheeled toward the front door.  He anticipated the slam, but still winced at the flat clap of wood on wood.  He wasn’t the only one.  A flock of birds took off from the tree, stopping mid-gossip to take startled wing, darkening the blue sky.  Somewhere nearby, a dog began to bark, shouting that he, too, had been startled by the slamming door.  To Tony, it sounded like the canine version of an old man yelling, “Get off my lawn!” to a bunch of bratty kids.  Tony could empathize.  Lately, he felt like a crotchety old man himself.
Strange was waiting for him when he got to the diner.  He wasn’t eating, just sitting with a cup of coffee in front of him.  Tony looked for Pepper and didn’t see her.
Tony lay back and tugged on Steve’s t-shirt until he was hovering above him. “That’s the way it has to be.” He put his hand on Steve’s waist, under his shirt to feel his skin, his soft, sweet, familiar skin.
“Like what?” Steve asked in the same sweet tone.  His eyes were soft but very present.  His foot pressed against Tony’s.
wasn’t the cutest thing Tony’d seen in awhile, he didn’t know what was.  “They just told me to come over here and check up on you and make sure you were okay.”
“If that’s what you think, you’re not nearly as smart as I thought you were,” Steve said softly.  “I’ll be there to fight,” he said.  “Other than that, I’ll stay away.  And when everyone’s back, I’ll leave for good.”  He began to retreat, one slow careful step at a time, as though there were landmines all around him and snipers above.  “Tell Rhodey I’ll do whatever it takes.  Whatever it takes to get our people back.”
He just got to his feet and left. Rhodey said his name, but he just kept going. He didn’t need this. Emotions and shit. Howard had trotted out that “Stark men are made of iron” line a few times while Tony grew up, and he’d fucking hated it then. He fucking hated it now. But he clung to it. He clung to it like a goddamn security blanket while he descended the rooftop stairs and got into the elevator. Clung to it while he rode down to the lab and went inside. Told J to turn up the music. Got to work on something. Anything. Didn’t really matter. It wasn’t the project that mattered. It was his head. The shit going on in there. The shit-and-sad-spiral he was currently descending.
They sat in silence together, watching the water, watching the sky.  They were both gray and gloomy, but the warmth between the two men counter-balanced it, made the afternoon cozy instead of cold.
There were eyes on him.  He could feel them. He looked up and met Pepper's steady gaze.  She didn't hate him. Steve didn't think she was quite capable of hatred--she was too good for that--but she would never like him.  Steve understood. He really did. Thought, in fact, she was hugely generous for the civility she was able to muster whenever they were in the same room together.  He was, after all, the "other man". He always had been. The shadow in the corner. That dark presence that had always loomed over the relationship she and Tony had.
He scowled, though, trying to look mad and failing miserably. “Real funny, guys. Thanks for your support.”
Steve tore a long strip from the corner of his napkin.  “I don’t know.  We haven’t always been on the best terms.”
Tony bent down and kissed his mouth. Fully and completely, letting his tongue in, tasting him thoroughly. He didn’t care who saw. At the moment, he didn’t care if the whole school lined up to take pictures and sent them all to Howard at his SI office. “Really,” he said. “Please, baby? Let’s just go, okay?”
Steve slipped out of his hands and backed toward the door. “I’m pretty sure you will,” he said smoothly.
Howard nodded. “Of course, you should,” he said, then tipped his head again. “Is there anything I can do for her? I could have my doctors examine her.”
Steve nodded, relaxing. He thought about that other time Howard had come to see him. That other time they’d spoken about Tony and his future at Stark Industries.
“Yeah, I noticed,” Sam said. “Ever since Stark came back to school here you’ve had a lot on your mind.”
been it?  Tony watched him out the door, still silent, hating him, wanting him, loving him in spite of everything.
Tony reached for him, barely touching him before Steve wheeled back.  “I think I’ll go shower,” he said.
Steve turned Tony’s hand over and kissed his palm, then kissed his wrist.  “I love you, Tony,” he said, his lips curving against the delicate skin of Tony’s wrist.
“Oh god,” Steve choked out.  “She called you ‘James’.”  He made another one of those harsh, garbled sounds and Bucky smiled.  It changed his face completely, lighting it from the inside.
sleepy, Tony,” Steve whispered, curling into Tony’s chest. “I think I will take a nap.” He clenched a fist into the back of Tony’s shirt, holding him tight. “You’re gonna stay and take one too, right?”
. How he had gotten to this point with Tony in such a short amount of time. Why he affected him so much.
Then an image flashed in his head.  “Daisies,” he said.  “We keep daisies on the table all the time.”
Tony picked it up and took a sip. Sweet and creamy, just the way he liked it. “Mmm,” he hummed. “You’ve got the magic touch, Rogers. Coffee always tastes better when you make it.”
It was late when they got back to the Tower.  There had been no recurrence of that electrical feeling between them either at the diner or at the bar they’d went to for drinks afterward.  Instead there had been easy talk and laughter.  A couple of people stopped Tony for selfies, and he indulged each one.  Nobody asked Steve.  Without the shield, he was just another guy, but Tony Stark was Tony Stark with or without the armor.
But he played the part for her sake, for her parents’ sake.  They were nice too, if slightly stodgy, and Tony did his best to be kind to them in turn.  He’d let her down easy in a week or two.  She was young, pretty, vivacious, by Valentine’s Day, she’d have a new guy to go dancing with.  Maybe the new one would be able to keep up with her a little better.
Rhodey said Steve had asked him to come pick Tony up.  But here he still was.  Steve had to know it wasn’t going to happen.   He was a stubborn son of a bitch, but he wasn’t stupid.  And he knew Tony.  He knew he’d never leave him here alone.  At least, Tony thought he knew that.
be nice to see Sam over here, though,” she said, then gave him a soft look. “He and Wanda. It’s been a while.”
When Morgan was asleep, Steve went back to the kitchen and took a quick glance through the fridge and cabinets to make sure there was everything for pancakes. Tony didn’t have buttermilk, but it was okay. He had whole milk and there was a bowl of lemons on the counter. He could improvise. When he was satisfied, he clipped on Dodger’s leash and took him out for his morning walk.
Steve ran his hands over Tony’s back, and slid one up under his shirt so he could touch the skin of his back. “I just want to be close to you, Tony,” he said. “That’s all I want. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
“No?” Howard asked. “You want to go to MIT in the fall? You want to have any kind of future at all?”
while he did it. He left the room after that, leaving Steve standing there, head pressed against the table, shaking, hard, guts roiling in his stomach. He’d never been afraid of Thad, and he wasn’t now, but as he straightened, pulled his jeans up, found some Kleenex on the sideboard and cleaned up Thad’s semen as best he could--he hoped it wouldn’t stain, but there was really not much more he could do--he found inside himself the
Tony eased the door open and stepped inside.  The room was big, airy, with little feminine touches that said the lady of the house definitely slept here, too.  A vanity on the far wall with lotions, and creams, and a monogrammed silver hairbrush.  A vase of flowers.  A soft chenille robe tossed at the foot of the bed.  There was also a duo of picture frames on Thaddeus’ side table.  One was a posed photo of the family.  Mrs. Ross and the daughter, both in pearls, smiling in stiff-backed chairs with Thaddeus standing behind them, a hand on each of their shoulders.  A campaign photo if ever there was one.  The other was the polar opposite.  It was outside, candid, natural.  The photographer--the daughter, maybe--had caught Mrs. Ross in a laugh, her head turned, her hair a light brown haze, loose and carefree.  She was wearing a sleeveless top, and her shoulders were sunburned.  A pair of sunglasses dangled from one hand.  Ross stood behind her, arms clasped around her middle, his head dipped into the soft juncture of her neck and shoulder.  It looked like he had either just kissed her there, or was about to.
“But the talent is still there, Steven,” Howard said. “That doesn’t go away. You just have to retrain the muscle.”
Tony held him loosely, running his hands over Steve’s muscled shoulders and back. Skin that was smooth before was now so supple and sweet from the bath oil that there was no way Tony could have kept his hands to himself if he wanted to. He didn’t want to. But, even if he had, he wouldn’t have been able to. His fingers cried out for contact.
Looking at Bruce solidified his confidence even more.  He sat in the chair next to Tony’s, a bottle of beer near his hand, telling an involved story about New Zealand, some sheep, and the unfortunate appearance of The Hulk.
It was cold. Before coming to Afghanistan, Steve had never really thought it got cold here, but it was. It didn’t feel like New York-cold, but it was still cold. It still snowed. His breath still puffed out of his mouth when he breathed. His fingers still felt numb if he didn’t wear gloves. In a way, it was comforting. It wasn’t quite as different as he had feared when he’d first come here. And it was familiar now, in any case. After being here so long, it was almost home. He hated feeling that way. Especially now. Especially since part of him--the
He pulled her against his chest, feeling almost absurdly touched by her words.  “I love you, too, Nat.”
And just how many times had Steve said his name while he was mired in this very consuming thought process?
He closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the wall as the elevator began to move.  It was as he’d feared.  He’d lost the privilege of talking to FRIDAY.  He was back to the factory settings.  It hurt his heart more than he had expected it to, and he was speaking even before he realized he’d meant to.
But Steve just nodded against his chest. “Yeah, that’s just what I mean,” he said. “It’s nice, isn’t it? Having somebody you can count on? Somebody to keep you warm when everything around you feels cold?”
“Yeah, I’ve been meaning to talk to you about that,” Tony said, and Steve laughed in that soft way that always made Tony feel giddy, even after all this time. He moved his hands on Steve’s shoulders, rubbing them with tiny circles of his fingers. “Should we...do something? Go to dinner or something?” he asked doubtfully.
Ross drew in a breath.  He was a strong man.  A dignified man.  Tony remembered seeing him from time to time when he was a young man visiting Howard’s office.  Out of all Howard’s colleagues, Ross had seemed the most decent then.  In fact, Tony had, one night, had a dirty dream where he and Ross engaged in some somewhat kinky escapades.  When he woke up, he found he’d been more turned on than he’d thought.  His sheets and underwear were wet with come.
She knelt back down next to him and tentatively touched his shoulder.  When she spoke, it was in English.  “Some things do, James.”
Tony grabbed Steve’s can of Coke and took a swallow, then put it back into his waiting hand. “You voted for the outdoor kitchen,” he said, melting a little when Steve chuckled beside him. “The no-pool thing is on you, Bruce, and Rhodey.”
“‘S’okay,” he mumbled, finding his voice at last. His eyes stayed closed, though. He didn’t quite have the strength to open them yet, but his hand had found an easy rhythm, petting Tony’s back.
Tony watched him while he spoke, watched his fingers slowly kneading his head, watched his mouth move, the way his other hand scratched his elbow.  The prison jump-suit fit him fine, but he seemed to shrink inside it.  His hair, clipped short, but clean, shone with its own inner-light again.  At least he got outside a little here.  The sun was doing him good.  But that didn’t alleviate Tony’s worry over what he was saying.  He knew there were drugs in the prison system, but not at The Raft.  And Steve had been with him for a month after that.  He had barely left Tony’s side.  There was no way he could have gotten any even if Tony believed he’d been taking them before.  And he didn’t.  Because Steve said he hadn’t.  And Steve wouldn’t lie.
“You could do anything that way though, baby,” Tony pressed, feeling his way along, avoiding the shards of his own heart, trying not to upset Steve, and knowing all the while that he was going to fail. “There are tons of jobs where they just expect you to do shit and not think, if that’s what it is you want.”
“FRIDAY?” he asked, his voice barely above a whisper.  “I don’t know if you can hear me, FRI, but I wanted to say I’m sorry.  I screwed up.  I know I did.  I hurt him.  I hurt you.  I hurt everybody.  This is my fault.  I’m going to try and fix it, I promise.”  He swallowed, trying to get past the lump that was suddenly in his throat.  “I know I don’t deserve a second chance, but...I need one.”  He pinched the bridge of his nose, wiping away the gathering tears and waited.  When she didn’t speak, he nodded.  “It’s okay,” he said.  “It’s okay.  I understand.”  And he did.  That was the worst part.
Natasha shook her head and released their hands.  She blinked rapidly, then let out a breath.  “Alright, guys,” she said brightly.  “Let’s go.”
Steve’s hands shook behind his back. His voice didn’t. “What if he doesn’t want to work for Stark Industries?” he asked. “What if he wants to do something else?”
“Factory direct it would do zero to sixty in 5.8 seconds.  It topped out at 155.”  Tony cocked his head.  “But I tinkered.”
,” he said, and grabbed Morgan around her middle and dragged her onto the bed beside him, “are a goddess.” He tickled her, making her giggle helplessly. “A sweet, sweet goddess.”
Tony slid his hands along Steve’s back. His skin was starting to dry, but it still felt gloriously smooth beneath his palms. Gloriously soft, and he thought he could get used to that too. More--addicted to it. “Well, we got that right, then. That’s what tonight was supposed to be about, right?” he asked, stroking him complacently. “Talking?”
Tony slipped his arms up around Steve’s neck and pulled him closer. He kissed him softly, then put his lips next to his ear. “Do you want to be inside me?”
“What would you have done if I hadn’t been here?” Tony asked.  He perched on the back of a low-slung chair, just watching him, looking at him in the cold, white light.  The clouds must have parted a little, enough for the moon to shine through.  There was no light like that cast by a winter moon.  He was no artist--not like Steve--but even he knew that.  That light was special.  Unique.
He could see the twist of her lips in his mind’s eye, see her trying to decide whether to smile or scream.  The irony was, Steve did the exact same thing.
Strange came down the hall.  He had been waiting at the ready for her call.  It made Tony dislike him a little less.  Pepper deserved someone who came when she called.  Tony hadn’t always done that.
“So,” he said, trying for casual and almost making it, “where were you while I was making an ass out of myself and probably making the front page of
loved the sex--but what he loved even more was just the being close to Steve part. The parts before and after the increasingly better blowjobs, or the tentative but adventurous fingers or tongue against his backside, were just as good. Just as sexy. Just as romantic. Just as essential as breathing.
Tony watched him go, half-amused, half-anxious.  It was the third time he had asked.  Tony thought he was just excited and maybe a little nervous.  It had been just the two of them here for over a month, discounting Rhodey’s little day-visit, and it was strange to think of someone else coming into this space.
Tony stepped into him and brushed their mouths together very, very softly. “I love you,” he whispered. “Come home to me. Okay?”
He let himself into his apartment, and Dodger went right to his food bowl. Steve didn’t put anything else into it, though. Sarah had fed him dinner. He
“Um,” he managed. “Sure.” He stripped his jacket off and handed it to her. She laid it across her arms, treating it like it was five thousand-dollar mink instead of second-hand, scuffed leather.
And they would. That was another thing they had in common. They were survivors. They were both survivors.
Tony shifted Morgan again. She squirmed in his arms, frowning in her sleep. “Where?” Tony asked, and Steve smiled apologetically.
Steve could feel the blush climbing up his neck--sometimes he hated that pale Irish skin--and laughed weakly.  “I’d probably have a better shot with her.”
Steve grinned.  It made him look like a kid.  And it made Tony’s heart flutter.  Fucking Steve.  “I’m pretty sure that’s what you said.”
Steve’s breath hitched in his throat. His whole body stilled. Tony held him, running his hands through that short hair, down his back, soothing him as best he could, but at the same time, could not help but feel the hardness of Steve’s cock against his thigh. He wanted it. He wanted to feel it moving inside him. He wondered fleetingly if Steve had ever done it with anyone else. They’d never done it together, but had he ever been with anyone else like that? Or would Tony be his first? His only? The idea was fiercely attractive. Even if he was his “only” for a little while, he wanted it. He wanted it so badly.
The professor smiles, gestures to the window; to the children outside, happy and safe, to his fellow teachers, to the sanctuary he’s created. “What do you think, Captain?”
“You’ve had a trying day,” Loki allows. His face turns serious again, and Tony shifts off of his lap, twisting until he’s sitting with his shoulders against the arm rest, his calves settled atop Loki’s thighs. Loki frowns slightly, but he pulls the socks off of his feet to reach skin. Tony lets him undo his waistcoat, then the first few buttons of his shirt as well, long fingers gliding smooth over his collarbone, the hollow of his throat. One hand curls around the thin skin of his ankle. Tony swallows under his cool touch, and Loki grins at him. It’s a simple thing, without intent, and Tony thinks back to Bruce’s chastising speech before they’d flown off to save Cap from Amora’s tortures. It wouldn’t be the first time that Bruce was more observant than him when it came to interpersonal relations. Tony was nothing if not consistently bad at understanding his own life.
“That’s aluminium. The tree is easily twenty feet tall, and there’s a 12 mph wind running down this street.”
“There isn’t a single person in this tower that would let that happen, including you,” Steve says sternly, and Tony can’t help but laugh again.
Steve, embarrassingly, was so relieved at the comfort of touching another living human being that he’d even let Franklin crawl onto his shoulders at one point. “Does it look like I’m floating?” he’d asked Tony.
that Steve liked his scent. Whatever else Tony feels for him, Steve could tell that much. And that’s a kind of permission on its own, isn’t it? So fine, Tony had gotten overwhelmed and freaked out after, but Steve isn’t going to push. He understands that Tony isn’t ready. But it seemed like it was ok, after that, to think about it in his own mind. It seems like Tony might…want him, eventually. Maybe. Or at least, that some part of him enjoyed being able to affect Steve like that.
“Yeah,” Tony said, and then he was fucking him, slow and deep, hard enough that Steve imagined he could feel every thrust in the back of his throat. “I’ve got you, sweetheart. I have you, come on.”
“Well, Natasha as good as admitted she did it on purpose,” Steve says. He turns his head to glance through the glass, and Tony does the same, pressing his nose into the soft hair at the crown of Steve’s skull. He breathes in the scent of his sweat, his woodsy shampoo, of leather and wind and grass.
“We’re eating now,” Tony admits, “but I’ll probably be hungry again by the time you come up.” He clears his throat. “I’m giving it to Natasha.”
Steve flinches, eyes skittering away before tracing back to him, equal parts furious and hesitant. “I don’t…that wasn’t about sex, Tony. I-” He cuts himself off, unhappy, and Tony reaches out, pressing a thumb to the corner of Steve’s mouth. Steve looks like he’s about to bolt, but Tony can’t blame him. They’ve been working up to this for a while now, two neutron stars on a degrading orbit. The crash will be nothing if not spectacular.
“That exactly proves my point, though, doesn’t it?” Tony asked her. “We have a glaring dynamic hierarchy in most countries, with male alphas at the top, then female alphas, all the way down to male omegas at the very bottom of the list. The domestic violence statistics from RAINN in this country are fantastically depressing, Christine, and we’re supposed to be an example of freedom and justice or whatever to the rest of the world. Anti-dynamicism is about levelling that playing field. The primary way my dynamic has at all affected my life is because certain people feel that they have a right to know intimate details about my body that are, ultimately, none of their business. I created the best WMDs in the world for years, and back then they assumed I was an alpha. Now I create prosthetic limbs and cell phones, and they say I must be an omega because I’m soft-hearted. It’s all sexism. What do my reproductive organs have to do with either of those things? Are alphas not allowed to have a conscience? The omega soldiers protecting U.S. advisor John O. Brennan in Yemen this week are certainly just as capable as their alpha and beta counterparts.”
Tony pressed into him, one hand closing gently over his throat to hold him in place, and Steve just went limp. Through pleasure-slitted eyes he could see Tony watching him hungrily, biting at the inside of Steve’s knee where it was hooked over his shoulder. He was still almost entirely dressed, hadn’t even taken off his shoes, and Steve flushed at the thought of what they must look like: him desperate and naked and wanton, Tony fucking his omega to shut up his begging before a meeting-
The images weren’t static.  The people in them moved.  Some were pacing, one was doing an intense set of push-ups.  While Tony watched, one turned the page of the book he was reading.  Some were lying on the cots, either sleeping, or--probably anyway--daydreaming.  Of murder, mayhem, or Mother, no one could tell.
Steve turned back. The line of his body was etched in cool white from the lights of the city. Tony felt his breath catch in his throat. His heart stop in his chest.
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose, then laughed.  “Are you kidding?  This is great.”  He grabbed them both in an impulsive hug, and Peter jumped into the fray, wrapping his arms around them all.
There was a general chuckle around the room. Most of the people there knew what that was like. He blushed, because that felt good. Making them laugh. Sharing with them felt good too. It had been a long time since he’d done that. A long time since he’d felt comfortable enough to do that.
Steve squeezed him, giving him the love and support he hadn’t been able to give him the day Morgan left. “How was that?” he asked quietly. “Were you...How bad was it?”
The guy flashed angry eyes.  Clint shook his head indulgently.  “So, like I said, get the fuck out of here.”
Ross pulled his top-coat on and left.  Tony sagged against the workbench, his head in his hands.  One day?  Was that really too much to ask?  One fucking day of happiness?
p.s. I know fuck-all about physics. Thank Google for the science-y words. If you do know something about physics, please forgive me.
Steve laughed, cynically. “Yeah. In fifth grade,” he said. “In case you haven’t noticed, fifth grade was a long time ago. And besides,” he went on, glancing over his shoulder at the double doors of the school, “it’s not like there’s anything to talk about. He doesn't remember me.” He shrugged his shoulders in a way that was trying very hard to be casual and succeeding not at all. “I barely remember
“Or something,” Tony mused, then lifted Steve’s head again. He kissed him, just a tease of his lips. “I think I’m ready for that part now.”
Tony put one arm around his shoulders, holding him. The other hand went to his hair and continuously stroked it, trying to soothe him. Tony could feel him trembling, that wall of muscle quaking just beneath his skin.
Steve met Tony’s blazing eyes.  A feeling of complete and utter awe swept over him, and with it came an understanding so deep it hurt.  They were broken.  Beyond repair.  And he would never be able to fix it no matter how hard he tried.
drinking. There was a baseball game playing on tv, but they had it turned down low while they talked about work, and Nat, and how things were going with Pietro, and now Bucky was giving him a dark look filled with quiet distress.
," he said through gritted teeth.  "But ‘doctor’ does not equal ‘hospitalization’ anymore, Steve.  Millions of people see therapists.  I see one.  I’ve been going for years, twice a week, Tuesday and Thursday 1:30 pm.   And if he hasn’t put me in the hospital, you’re definitely in the clear.”
Steve slipped his hand up the length of the tie to the knot at Tony’s throat, but instead of untying it, he just ran his fingers over it.
Steve watched him as he spoke, a look of wry amusement on his face.  “And, uh, when you were coming up with this scenario,” he said, “was the
Steve pulled away. The other recruits were shuffling toward the bus now, and Steve looked at his watch. 6:01. He drew in a deep breath, let it shakily out. The nerves were there. The fear settling in.
Steve leaned his head against the back of the seat.  “Do you think those kids will remember tonight?  When they get to be our age?”
wrong with you. And your mom would be so pissed at you right now if she heard you asking me that.” Steve let out a tiny, watery laugh, and Tony shook him a little. “Yeah, that’s right.
Tony helped him onto the bed and kissed his forehead.  “Just close your eyes, okay?” he said.  “For a little while?”
bed now. And how right that felt to him. How right the whole place felt to him now. Like home. How it finally felt like home. Now that Steve was in it. Now that they were in it together.
Tony felt as if all the wind had been knocked out of his chest.  He leaned abruptly forward, sagging against Steve’s chest, putting his forehead on his broad shoulder.  He held him, clung to him.  “Don’t say that,” he said.  “It has to be.  We have to
out the door, dumping his tray on the way, and bursting out into the sun-drenched early afternoon, kicking and cursing himself the entire way. For being stupid. For being silly. For letting Tony get to him. For letting
It was time. He was ready. By unspoken agreement, Steve had claimed the one by the bandstand. Nat’s eyes were trained on the other one by the window.
“We probably should have skipped the fancy little canapes and just had these guys cater,” Tony said, taking another bite. “This is the best pizza ever.”
“You go home after your errand and sleep for at least four hours.” Steve opened his mouth to protest, but just like the doctor earlier, Sam overrode him. “And I’d feel better if you just came back in the morning. You’re exhausted. I really don’t think you
Tony shifted, lifting Sir Purr off his lap and settled him aside.  He moved until he sat cross-legged directly in front of Steve.  “No, I know,” he said, leaning closer.  Steve looked at him, frowning a frustrated little frown.  “But, I just…” Tony smiled a little.  “I thought we already
Tony lay in his bed for a while. He didn’t sleep. He couldn’t. He wrapped himself up in Steve’s blankets--
“You didn’t do that, Steve,” Tony said, and Steve didn’t think he’d ever heard him sound so defeated.  “You know you didn’t.  There’s something here.”
“Looks like she’s going to be stroking something else later.” He cocked an eyebrow at Steve. “Jealous?”
Tony kissed him. He lay against him and kissed him, running his hands possessively through his hair, and along his neck, and over his shoulders. “I love you,” he said. “And maybe it’s too early to say that, but I don’t care. I love you. And I need you. And I
“Touch me,” Tony said. “Please.” He closed his eyes as Steve’s hand grasped him and jerked him off in time with his thrusts. “Oh fuck, baby, just like that."
Tony leaned forward.  He rested one hand on Steve’s thigh and cupped the other around the back of his neck.  Steve closed his eyes as their lips met, and grasped Tony’s jacket to pull him closer.  When he whispered, “I love you,” into Tony’s mouth, Tony kissed him harder, his heart beating faster, his mind everywhere and nowhere.  He couldn’t believe he’d almost lost this.
. Something moving in his chest. Something he didn’t want to admit to. “Tony, um” he said quietly, "he never comes with you?”
He sat quietly, just drinking his coffee, and when he heard the keys in the door, he looked expectantly up as Sarah came in. Their eyes met, and she drew in a shocked breath. “Tony,” she said.
He was young, but sturdily built, and the hand holding his own weapon was firm, solid as a rock.  “Drop your weapon.”
Tony kissed his ear, letting his lips play over the lobe for a second, then pulled back until Steve lifted his head. His arms stayed around Tony’s waist, holding him tight, but his eyes found Tony’s in the dark. Tony touched his neck, his jaw, then cupped his cheek. His thumb found its way to Steve’s mouth and traced his bottom lip. Steve parted his lips and touched his tongue to the pad. When he drew it into his mouth and sucked on the tip, Tony took in a harsh breath.
She curled up on her side and pulled the blanket up to her chin.  “Don’t worry, if we ever see him again, I’ll be sure to tell him you played his wing-man.”
“What is it about him that you hate so much?” Tony threw back, thinking of Steve, thinking of when he’d asked Tony that question himself.
“She’s a heavy sleeper,” Tony said in the same tone he’d used when trying to tempt Steve with lasagna.
“I’m okay,” Tony said.  “But, really, Steve, you can’t leave me again.”  He curled his fist into Steve’s t-shirt and drew in a shuddering breath.  All of a sudden, this wasn’t a joke.  This was deadly serious.    He huddled close against Steve’s side and spoke into his chest.  His eyes were blurry, and he felt a weakness in his heart he had not felt since Peter had crumbled to dust at his fingertips.  “Promise me, okay?” he whispered.  “Promise me you won’t go away again.  I can’t watch you leave, baby.  I can’t.  Don’t make me.”
In the rafters overhead, more birds chirped, rustled their many wings.  Tony glanced up at them, the hundreds of tiny bodies up there watching them.  He drew in a breath.  He wanted to go home.  He wanted Steve.
Tony pulled away a little, his breath coming in short gasps.  “Wow,” he said, “who knew you had that in you, huh?”
FRIDAY rattled off a list of his vitals--blood pressure: normal, heart rate: normal, temperature: one degree above normal, but non-threatening.  “I don’t think his issue is physical, boss.  He just looks sad.”
“This guy is supposed to be good.  I even asked Dr. Wilkes about him, and he said he’s only heard good things.  He’s like a doctor, and a research guy, all kinds of stuff.”
This is three chapters now. My previous readers should be less than shocked. I'm notorious for adding chapters. I was having too much fun writing these two again to get to the resolution this chapter. So, one more!
“Seriously?” Tony said.  “Seriously, Steve?  That’s what you think of me?”  He laughed, the sound cruel in his own ears.  “Well, I guess I’m flattered that you think I have the stamina to fuck all of my ‘causes’ like I was planning on fucking you.”
Silence while she processed that.  While she calculated a response.  Tony waited.  He owed her that much.
Tony dug a sudden knuckle into that sensitive place in his side, and Steve flinched, laughing involuntarily. But he didn’t let go of Tony’s other hand. He held it tightly in his own. “And stop drinking so much,” Tony said sternly. “I don’t like it.”
“Nothing, really,” he told Nat.  “Tony fell asleep and I looked at him and thought I wouldn’t mind falling asleep with him every night for the rest of my life.”  Steve smiled over at her, a little embarrassed, but only a little.  She was easy to talk to.  “Pretty corny, huh?”
Steve shifted a little. He was sitting close--maddeningly close--and when he moved, his bicep brushed against Tony’s shoulder. And of course, he was wearing only a t-shirt. And of course, his t-shirt was just tight enough to cling lovingly to his chest and arms. And of course, when he brushed against Tony, he was reminded all too well of how large and firm those arms were. And of course, when he spoke, his voice carried that hint of humor that Tony noticed was there a lot more lately. But not
They’d gone to the pet shop in town after Tony said he wanted a pet, but even though there were a dozen cute little kitten puffballs to choose from, Tony had no interest in them.  He looked them over with a baleful eye, then wandered away to look at the turtles.
Bruce considers him, then waves the plate of toast in his face. Tony takes another slice and munches obediently.
Tony looks incredulous, and even more bizarrely, somewhat proud. He smacks a spanner against his palm with a dull thwack, once, twice, before spinning on his stool to return to the mess of metal and machine oil on the workbench.
Mostly, he kissed Tony because he’d wanted to, for months now. Maybe years, he didn’t know. All he knew was that Tony moaned quietly into his mouth, shifting to press Steve back into the island, their bodies flush up against each other. He could feel Tony hard against his hip, a shock of arousal spiking through him at the evidence. He’d kept his eyes above waist level, but he could feel him now, imagined he could feel Tony’s pulse against his hip as he buried his fingers in the soft mess of Tony’s morning hair. Tony’s mouth was warm and gregarious on his, giving as much pleasure as Steve had ever felt from a kiss. Tony’s mouth was soft and warm, and his hands were clever where they skimmed over Steve’s stomach, up the back of his shirt, stroking slowly over the lines of muscle bracketing his spine. The feel of him made Steve whimper, an embarrassing, high noise that Tony swallowed with a low rumble of pleasure. It was enough to make Steve’s head spin.
“I wouldn’t…I could never,” Steve splutters, but stops short when Tony’s gaze turns vicious. “I’m not saying you’re lying, I’m sorry, I just…I can’t imagine. Saying that. I haven’t even. I wouldn’t say it that way. When did I say that?”
This is, Tony decides, brushing Loki’s hair behind his ear with one shaking hand, either a special kind of Asgardian panic attack, or that was an honest-to-gods bout of prophecy. Which is confusing, because he was pretty sure that Frigga was the one who was supposed to be able to do that.
“She had her moments,” Tony says. He glances up at Steve, a small smile quirking his mouth. “She was a lot younger than him, y’know? He needed an heir to the Stark empire. She wanted social mobility. It was an old fashioned kind of marriage.”
They’d been sparring, Tony stubborn and grinning as they circled each other. This week Steve was teaching Tony how to escape a judo hold, and they’d spent most of the day with Steve pinning Tony to the mats, Tony red-faced and quietly joyful below him. Joy looked good on Tony, turned his olive skin golden and flushed. Steve loved their sparring sessions, partially because Tony was just fun to be around, but also because he knew that he was contributing to his alpha’s safety in some way.
“I fuck a lot of people,” Tony says flatly. It’s a ploy, a way to make Steve wince, to make him listen. It’s unkind, and he hates it, but it’s what he needs to do. “That’s not what you want.”
Cabe rolls her eyes, tossing her hair back over her shoulder. “A little birdie told me about a certain Norse god you might be fraternising with?”
Things have always been like that, he knows. He’s always been particularly stupid about his own mental state. He’d let Ty wrap him up in fucking knots. He’d let Obie manipulate him, betray him, try to kill him. Twice. He would have succeeded, if DUM-E hadn’t saved his stupid, worthless life.
Steve glances towards the grand staircase, where Pepper Potts is walking down with her usual poise, fiddling with a StarkPad. She’s wearing an alarmingly red suit and skirt combo, with gold jewellery and matching heels, and Steve knows a declaration of allegiance when he sees it. He dips his head in greeting.
“I did not intend to trigger a panic response, no,” Loki says, sounding offended. “However, if you entered into battle tonight with such a conflicted mind, you would have lost. I need the logical, pragmatic genius. It was better to excise the wound now than to wait.”
Tony snags a pair of homing cuffs from the end table by the couch and steps out onto the balcony. Broken tiles cut into the leathery skin on the bottom of his feet, but he doesn’t give a shit about that. He just needs to get out of here.
Steve crawls across an endless plane of white, the ice opaque beneath his hands, burning. His skin is cracking with cold at the joints, dry and swollen, small drops of red gathering at the edges of roughened skin. His nails are bloodied, some missing as he claws the ground. The cold air burns his throat. Numbness never comes, kept at bay by his enhanced metabolism and his healing factor. If he stops to rest, the ice cracks beneath him.
"M’gonna make a suit that'll come to me wherever I am," he says. "Teeensy tiny little jets. Pieces that fly independently and interlock in motion. Magnets. Microhinges! I hate them. It's a nightmare, why do I do this to myself? I came out here to my plush, custom-made California king bed and I've barely even seen it. If I could just get this stupid fucking vambrace aligned-!"
Tony grumbles and closes his eyes, opting not to answer. Bruce is warm, and his laughter is a soft, pleasant rumble against Tony’s sternum. He’s so lovely. Tony aches for all the things he wants and cannot have, the things he has and does not want.
“Toh-nee,” he says, dragging the syllables out. Dani offers him a smushed clump of banana, and Tony shakes his head gravely. “Oh, no, that’s your breakfast honey. You eat that for your dad, ok?”
“You had two years to tell me-” Tony begins, before a sharp spike of pain stops him in his tracks, panting. They’ve been down this road before, and it always ends the same. He suddenly feels very exposed, and he pushes himself to sitting. “Maybe I should go.”
“Still in Tampa,” Carol says, mouth twisting up with something that looks like guilt. “He and Rhodey and Spidey stayed behind to liaise with Reed and SHIELD. There’s some tech stuff they’re figuring out, still.”
Thor sobers a bit, wiping at his face. “Aye, Amora is well trained in magic, first by the norns and then later by Loki. And others.” Thor shakes his head a little, mouth twisting into something disgusted and cruel. “She panted after me and my brother like an animal in heat for some years, one of many who hoped Loki might become king before me. We both had our followers. I think she expected that she might fare better under Loki’s reign, being an enchantress as she deems herself.”
There was a moment, when Tony stood in the open doorway of the heat room, where Steve wanted to drag him back. He wanted to tie him up, never let him leave, keep him where no one could ever hurt him again. But Tony would never be happy like that, and eventually Steve took a deep breath, letting it out, letting Tony walk over to the closet and pull on some boxers, a pair of worn blue jeans, a Henley under a Soundgarden shirt.
Eventually Tony sits up, his cock slipping out of Steve’s body with a sound that makes Steve flush a little. Or maybe it’s the feel of it, Tony doesn’t know. He leans down to press chaste kisses to the pink skin below his eyes, over the bridge of his nose, even as he reaches up to undo the cuffs around Steve’s wrists. Steve’s eyes are warm and unbearably tender as he watches him, and he reaches out as soon as he’s able, pulling Tony into a low, searing kiss that sucks what little breath Tony had managed to regain straight out of him. He plasters himself to Steve’s front with a huff, resting their foreheads together. He breathes in the scent of him.
“Stay the fuck back,” Stark snaps, pointing at him, and Steve stops at the direct command. “Just- you stay there.”
Tony rubs a hand over his mouth and walks through the bedroom into the ensuite, shedding his clothes and tossing them into the laundry basket as he moves through the room. Loki is sitting on the marble slab of the sink counter, ankles crossed and swinging, and Tony takes a moment in the doorway to stare at him, the easy grace and the smile. He glances down at the floor, and Tony has a moment of déjà vu, mind flicking back to that first moment in the tower. Tony had stripped his suit as Loki watched, and he’d glanced away, almost demure. He’d been smiling then, too.
“Oh my god,” he says. He stumbles back, his hand reaching to put his glass down and nearly missing the bar. He takes another step back, and then another. “JARVIS, I don’t- Jim Ellison, A33-E43-S53.”
“The combatant Mr. Laufeyson called Moonstone did significant damage to the armour, sir. It will take at least four hours to repair the shell and mechanics and replace all of the weapons’ capabilities you released, not even considering the damage to the wiring which has yet to be catalogued.”
“Damn right, I am. So don’t worry about that part, okay? ‘Cause I won’t be carrying it alone either. We’re going to do it together.” He smiled. “Team lift.”
“No, sir, it isn’t harsh at all.  A salute is a show of respect.  The inmates have broken the law and have lost that privilege.”
see?” Tony asked.  Frustration bled into his voice.  “What do you see when you look at him?  What is so horrible?”
More than once, he’d been approached by groups to back their causes.  Steve usually heard them out, asked to see their literature, then respectfully and methodically ripped their principles to shreds.  Tony had seen him do it.  Anti-abortion groups, anti-feminist groups, anti-homosexuality groups (which tickled Tony to no end), had all been turned away by Steve Rogers, and they left intact, but with slightly dazed looks on their faces, as if they couldn’t quite remember what their original intent had been when coming to Captain America for an endorsement.
He had people in his life, sure, but when it came right down to it, he was alone.  Those people, no matter how much they loved him, all had
He squeezed Steve’s hands, passing his own warmth to Steve, then released one so he could cup his cheek, run his thumb across his cheekbone.  “I don’t know,” Tony said, softly now, matching his tone to his touch.  “I guess I just didn’t think--”
“This is no time for jokes,” the woman snapped.  “Who do you think you are?  Let’s get out of here.”  She and her friend stood up and stomped out, leaving their food uneaten, their check unpaid.  “You’re sick,” she sniffed as they passed Tony and Natasha’s table.
“Don’t,” Tony said in a soft, almost pleading tone. “Please, Steve. Baby, please don’t ask me that. Please don’t do this again. We’ve done this. We did this a long time ago.
“Steve broke Ross’ nose and now he’s in military prison in New Jersey,” Tony said.  The words slid out of his mouth on their own.  He didn’t think about them.  They just came.  There was no point in trying to down-play what had happened.  He was walking that straight line, too.  At least for the moment.
Tony closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the cabinets.  Jeff had never met Steve, but he knew who he was.  Everyone in their little community knew who he was.  Not only had he once been Captain America, but he was Tony Stark’s lover.  That was news.  Especially in a town that small.
Steve thought of that night on Clint’s farm with Tony.  He thought of Tony telling him Erskine and Howard were dead.  He thought of the little surge of freedom he’d felt at the thought.  He thought of the words Tony had said, the words that had both absolved Steve and made him fall in love.  He said them to Natasha now.
He looked at Steve. Steve looked back, and Tony could read the apprehension in not only his eyes, but the tension in his shoulders. The line of his back. “Hey,” he said. “Come here.” Steve hesitated, and Tony held his hand out to him. “Please? Please come here?”
Tony took a deep breath, let it out slowly. Sam gave him a conciliatory nudge with his shoulder. Tony smiled a little. “Hi, honey,” he said into the phone. “It’s me. Umm...I’ve got a problem…”
Steve reached for him.  “Come here,” he said, and tugged him down until their foreheads were pressed together.  “I love you, you know that, right?”
Tony shook his head.  “Hey.  No, no, no, baby, that’s not going to happen.  He can’t take anything away from us.  Okay?  Nobody can.  Nothing we’re not willing to give up.”  He shook him softly again by his hair.  “And I’m not willing to give
“Good,” she said. “But then yes, I definitely need to meet them. I need to make sure they’re good enough for you, don’t I? Gotta make sure they’ve only got the best intentions.”
They stood out on the deck, all three looking down the green slope of the lawn to the sandy shore below.  Steve and Bruce were down there, wandering near the edge where the grass meets the sand.  They were far enough away that they could not make out what they were saying, but Steve’s posture was easy and relaxed, and when Bruce spoke, Steve laughed, shaking his head.
, baby,” Tony groaned, and then he was doing things--doing everything he could think of-- to make it happen. Hours later, by the time he was done, and Steve was lying on his back, an arm thrown over his eyes, drained so completely he could barely move, Tony sat beside him, touching his bare chest, smugly thinking that he had never heard anyone howl quite so loudly in his entire life.
ten years, Steve! The ten that has me in it. If that’s what you want, anyway. Is that what you want?”
Tony hung up the phone, wiping his eyes.  That was good news.  Fucking great news, and his first thought was that he needed to share it with Steve.  Ridiculous, of course.  Then he thought of Pepper.  Was
“No,” Tony said.  “No.  I don’t want to be patient.  I’m tired of being patient.  I want to feel you.  I want you.  I want all of you.”
Tony looked back at him, and Steve could see his mind was made up. He’d already decided. He’d already made his choice. Steve let go of his arms and let his hands fall to his sides.
“Every single plan I had changed when you showed back up, Steve,” Tony said, leaning back against the couch cushions.
Steve rolled his body off of Tony’s, but did not move away. He curled himself tightly against his back instead, holding him against his chest. “I’m not leaving you alone,” he said into his ear. “I’ll never leave you alone.”
He’d never been here before, but he was pretty good at following directions. Good enough to find a hotel anyway, and, more importantly, the bar that was nearest to it. He dumped his stuff unceremoniously in his room, then found his way to the bar. He only took one wrong turn, which he didn’t think was too bad, and then he was sitting at the bar and ordering a double shot of whiskey that wasn’t really that good, but seemed to be getting the job done well enough. He thought after two or three more, he might be able to sleep without hearing Bucky screaming on the ground. At least, he hoped so. It hadn’t happened yet, but he hadn’t been able to get properly drunk until now. He’d treated himself to a bottle of Glenlivet for Christmas, but it was gone before the accident. Part of him wished he hadn’t shared it with the Howlies, but the bigger part--the
“Baby,” Tony began, indecision tearing him to pieces, unsure if he should go to him or stay here to protect him from another bullet.  “Steve, baby, listen, it’s okay, right?  It wasn’t you, you
Tony was still asleep.  Some of the machinery was gone, though.  The breathing tube was gone. Tony's lips were slack and chapped, but his chest was rising and falling regularly.
FRIDAY had come back on-line two hours after requesting to power down.  In Tony’s estimation, that was probably like a two-year sabbatical in machine-years.  They had been very gentle with each other since.  Tony started keeping daisies on the kitchen table.  Buying them the first time had hurt.  Play through the pain.
. He was suddenly, painfully aware that his clothing had come from a discount store. That his jacket and shoes had come from a thrift shop downtown. That he and Tony, as well as they got along, really didn’t have much--or
Tony reached out and adjusted Steve’s pajamas, making sure everything was back where it belonged, then sat back on his haunches.
sometimes do a flyover to see if they can catch us doing something weird, and while skinny-dipping on the roof may not be considered ‘weird’, it may be considered ‘scandalous’, especially if it’s Captain America doing the...dipping? I guess? Or would it be doing the skinny? Does it have to be all one word? ‘Cause that’s kind of a mouthful. Saying ‘skinny-dipping’ every time is a very time-consu-”
Steve cupped his hand around the back of her head, holding her gently but firmly.  “I'm so sorry about Vision, red,” he said into her ear.  “He was a good man.”  Wanda nodded, not lifting her head from his chest, content to be held, content to be comforted.  “I would take his place if I could,” Steve went on.  “In a heartbeat.”
, but Tony had to at least tell him. Had to let him know. He had to, just in case. Just in case there was even the slightest chance…
He touched Nat’s arm, soothing it with it with gentle fingers.  “Shh,” he whispered, “it’s okay,” and she subsided against him once more.
like Steve. And Dodger,” he threw in before Morgan could ask again. “I kinda like you too,” he said, and kissed her again.
Steve bit his lip. His eyes rolled up to the ceiling, then closed, trying to keep the tears back. “My mom,” he choked out, and Tony closed the distance between them. He grasped his arm again, holding him tight in his fist.
Steve admired the way Tony was with people.  It was an admiration that bordered on secret pride.  He’d heard Tony’s stories of Howard as a father and gathered that their relationship had not been a good one, but seeing the way Tony talked with people, he could not imagine Howard ever being disappointed in how his son turned out.
Things were getting complicated again.  Steve had been gone for three months, his absence a thing Tony felt in every move he made, every thought that crossed his mind.  The things Strange said about Steve’s suicide attempts shredded his insides.  He could barely bring himself to think about it.  Steve, alone in his room, gnawing at his own wrist like an animal caught in a trap trying to free itself.  And what was death but ultimate freedom?  Unless you believed in Hell--good old, fire and brimstone, Capital H-HELL--that freedom might be a relief.  But Steve was Catholic.  He
Most of the others popped off soon after.  There were still a few stragglers, though.  Stephen Strange and Happy were playing a mellow game of chess while Pepper and May lounged near the fire watching.  Scott picked out a quiet tune on the piano while Hope sat beside him, her head on his shoulder.
“All kinds of mental healthy,” Tony had responded.  Had this been brewing even then?  Tony could not bear to think of Steve lying awake while he himself slept the blameless sleep of the oblivious, thinking about how he would end his own life.
“Did I do something wrong?” he asked, and Tony laughed, latching onto his neck, sucking and nipping at it with his teeth before pulling away.
Steve laughed and threw himself down in the chair next to Tony’s. The weight of his body shifted it a little closer, closing that last inch between them, which made it all the easier for Steve to kiss Tony’s cheek with a loud smack. “Later,” he said.
“You’re such a dork,” Steve said.  “I can’t believe I just said you talk better than anybody.  You really know how to prove me wrong, don’t you?”
Steve hitched him up in his arms a little, and kicked the car door closed behind him.  "I'm sorry, Tony."
When he finally pulled away, he rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand. “Sorry,” he mumbled, but Sarah just shook her head.
They headed home, so tied up in each other they stumbled coming out of the elevator, Steve pulling at Tony’s clothes before they even got through the door, and Tony was on his knees two seconds after that. He grasped Steve’s hips and said, “Turn around,” in a voice husked with need. Steve pivoted, and Tony pushed him against the door. He ran his hands over Steve’s bare skin, as high as he could reach, brushing his shoulders, following the length of his spine, down to his waist, then to the cheeks of his ass. “God, baby,” he whispered, then delved between them with his tongue.
Tony tucked the phone between his ear and his shoulder.  “Yeah.  Yeah...Yeah, Billy.  No, I really do get it.”
He said good-bye shortly after, and he and Dodger went home. It wasn’t far...just down the steps. Mrs. Perkins had left him her apartment when she died. Left him that, and he and Sarah the rest of her estate. She’d had no children of her own, no real family other than a few greedy cousins she said she wouldn’t leave a dime to. They had put the money in an account with both their names on it, but neither of them really touched it. They were both doing okay, money-wise. Steve’s education was paid for, and what bills he had, he covered with his pay from his monthly weekends with the National Guard and a job he got cooking at a diner three mornings a week before school. Steve had paid off Sarah’s medical bills, and she still worked at the hospital four nights a week. He’d tried to get her to quit, but she wouldn’t. She said she liked it. He understood.
Tony sighed again, but this time it was okay. This time it was just a soft whisper of air leaving his lungs. Steve felt the caress of it on his cheek as Tony leaned a little closer to him. “Okay,” he said, and that anxious tone was gone. Now his voice was gentle and hazy, like a pastel-colored sunrise, and Steve found himself leaning into that, just as Tony was leaning into him. Closer. Closer. Steve tilted his head just a little, just so his nose wouldn’t bump into Tony’s, then closed his eyes as their lips finally touched.
Before the serum, he had only been drunk a handful of times. Once under the boardwalk when he was fifteen. Bucky had found a bottle of rye whiskey under some leaves--some wino’s emergency stash--and the two of them had set to it with hot, guilty abandon. On his seventeenth birthday, Bucky showed up at his door with a bottle of expensive scotch. They drank like kings from plastic cups, toasting each other’s youth, and in Bucky’s case, health and vitality. Bucky toasted Steve’s utterly grand fortune in having a best friend with a silver tongue and sticky fingers who could procure such a life-affirming elixir. Steve told him to go to hell, and the two ended up wrestling on the living room floor until Steve’s mother came home and beat Bucky out of the house with the broom, then sent Steve after him to make sure he was okay.
Rhodey slid behind the wheel of his car and put his sunglasses on.  Tony ran a finger over the curve of the hood.  “Nice ride,” he said as Rhodey turned the key.  The engine purred into  life.
Steve wanted to tell him he loved him. Right then and right there. Standing in the doorway, holding each other in a bright bar of sunlight, but he didn’t. It had only been a few weeks. A few precious weeks.
Tony pressed closer and brushed a kiss to Steve’s unblemished forehead.  “You’re not an invalid,” he said.  “The last thing in the world you are is an invalid.  You’re the opposite of invalid.  You’re...valid.”  He kissed his forehead again, then tipped Steve’s face up to his. “Very, very valid,” he said, and kissed him, letting his tongue slip inside Steve’s mouth and slide against Steve’s own.
Rhodey put a friendly hand on the back of his neck.  “I do know, but you can’t always save someone who’s drowning.  You can throw them a life preserver, but if you jump in after them, sometimes you both go under.”
Bucky blinked furiously.  This wasn’t what he’d come back for.  The years between he and Steve, all the time they’d lost, hung like an anchor around his neck.  And the memories, they were heavier.  And darker.
Tony had not stopped walking while they spoke.  His hands moved restlessly, leaving his pockets, coming out to touch the ropes around the boxing ring, running through his hair, then back to his pockets again.  He had orbited the space around where Steve stood, and now he was near the door again.  He was going to leave.  He may feel bad about it, because there was unfinished business here, but he’d still do it.  Steve knew he would.
Wanda took it immediately.  Steve smiled at her gratefully, and gave her his other hand, as well.  “What’s it gonna feel like, red?” he asked softly.
He sighed again. All those new-agey types might actually have something. Existence really might be a wheel. Things certainly did seem like they had a way of spinning back to the original point.  Tony rested his head against Steve’s. “Guess we don’t really have time for a belated Valentine’s date, after all. I’m sorry.”
He thought everyone in his line of work did. You had to. If you wanted to survive another day in that crushing heat and the feeling of low-grade but ever-present dread, you
Loki blinks at him as though he’s a stranger, and Tony reaches up a hand to brush his thumb over one high cheekbone. When Loki’s eyelids flutter at the touch, he leans in and presses his nose to the underside of Loki’s jaw. Loki smells like a blizzard, biting cold and the pain of ice freezing the inside of his throat, his nostrils. Tony shivers at the taste of it on his tongue, the little reminder of his inhumanity. Slowly, Loki shifts towards him, until they’re leaning against each other in the empty hallway.
cw: for PTSD and panic attacks (y'all should expect this crap from this fic at this point but still, be safe everybody) and a brief mention of underage sex (because we all know Tony was having sex in college despite being wildly underage)
His hand pulls away, and Tony reaches back, catching Steve’s fingers against his for a moment. Steve breathes out, and then he steps back. Tony immediately misses the warmth, the security of having Steve behind him. He listens as Steve goes through the process of unlocking the door.
He wraps a towel around himself and then leans over, picking his phone up from the sink counter. He and Tony have texted before, although not much. Mostly little things, like Steve telling him to come down to dinner, or Tony telling him there were doughnuts in the kitchen. They text like flatmates that are barely friends, not…whatever it is they are. Steve sucks in a slow breath.
“I know it’s silly,” Steve says, loosing a short, self-deprecating bark of laughter. He rubs a wet hand over his head, ducks Tony’s gaze for a moment before his eyes flick back up to meet him, head on. It knocks the breath from Tony. “But I love that I can surprise you. That I can make you tongue tied. The great Tony Stark and his marvellous brain, sweet as a doe just for me. It’s like your body telling me you love me, over and over again. It’s real.”
“You definitely need to sit down,” he says, and Steve nods to the couch. He begins dragging them both there, settling Tony into an armchair and then folding himself over the side, draping one warm, heavy arm across the back of Tony’s shoulders.
“You just thought of something,” Tony insists, and Steve quirks a small smile. Tony’s hyper-focussed attention is a beautiful thing. He’s desperately wanted a piece of it for himself for weeks. So of course he’s getting it at the absolute worst time. He’s good at that. Always in the right place at the wrong time.
“What?” Pepper answers, sounding harried. “I hope you know that Happy is making my life a living hell, I hope you’re pleased-”
“The legionnaires are entirely made of metal,” Cap says, voice coloured with the barest tint of deadly amusement, and Tony groans. “I don’t even have my shield.”
“No better place to be in a blizzard,” Rogers agreed, arm closing around Tony’s middle like a steel trap. His body was tight and warm around Tony’s whole everything, every breath pressing him into Tony. Rogers pressed his nose into Tony’s temple and breathed in deep, a small kiss glancing against his temple.
Loki waves a hand and the tablet slides towards Tony, displacing his half-eaten carton of food. He glances over the image; it’s one of the escaped inmates from Pleasant Hill, and the more Tony reads his file the more his hair stands on end. He slides the tablet over to Rhodey wordlessly.
“I want popcorn,” Natasha says, and Steve startles, coming back to himself and the room with a lurch. Natasha is studiously not looking at them, but Steve colours anyway. He pulls his hand back from Tony’s mouth, letting it hang awkwardly over his shoulder. “Anyone else?”
At the last second, Tony shifts, going for the cheek. It’s the only thing he can do, because Steve didn’t specify a location, and he’ll be damned if he gets his lights punched out by Captain America in the middle of a garage surrounded by SI employees while they work on a goddamn Saint Patrick’s Day parade float. Steve turns with him, as though magnetised, and in the end he catches the corner of his mouth. It’s terrible, Tantalus’ fingers grazing the cool rim of the glass before it’s yanked out of reach, and Tony feels the breath punch out of him in a rush at the shock of it. Just that barest hint of chapped lips, and Tony can hear blood roaring in his ears.
But we're not in the theater, and I am not letting you go outside this story, not really. Where we are is more like a pause between breaths. Whether you're inhaling or exhaling, there's a pause just before, like the pause you can feel more than hear before the tide reverses. Where we are is the point of intersection in the figure eight. Turned on its side the eight becomes the symbol of infinity.
A tug towards the hall distracts Steve, and he fights it a little, wanting to see what happens next. But then the tug happens again, harder.
When he’d come twice that way, Tony spooned up behind him, knotting him from behind. Steve slipped in and out of consciousness as they nestled together, Tony’s hands roaming lazy and possessive over his stomach, his chest, his throat. He imagined Tony was putting him back together, piece by piece, his hands smoothing over all the places Steve had ached for him while they’d been apart.
“I know,” Steve grated out, and Clint stared at him for three long breaths before Natasha’s hand on his shoulder pulled him away. “Thank you.”
Tony turned to face him with the kind of swiftness that only came from hypervigilance, and now Steve could see that his eyes were wild, wide and mostly pupil. Before Steve could react Tony had plastered himself against the glass, and it was so much harder, now. He could see every line of Tony’s palm as he pressed his hands to the wall between them, as though he could feel Steve through the barrier.
Natasha nods. Then she stops and holds her wrists out in front of her, the bluish lines of her veins facing the ceiling. She inclines her head to the men in front of her. “My apologies. I surrender.”
“Of course.” JARVIS is silent for almost a block, which Steve knows enough to understand is practically an age for an Artificial Superintelligence. “You and Sir are volatile, Captain,” he says as Central Park comes to an end. “And while I can understand why Sir might love you, and how it is easy for others to love Sir, it is sometimes hard for me to understand how you two love each other. But what do I know of love?”
The first time Tony lets the suit envelop his skin since Steve’s unexpected rebirth as a ghost, it’s 3am on a Tuesday. Tony’s been on the brink of something bad for at least two hours. Steve can tell, and he’s immediately on edge. There’s been no alert. Tony hadn’t read anything particularly alarming on the holodisplays, as far as Steve saw. But an upset Tony is an unstable Tony, and he’s a little worried that Tony’s about to go and do something very stupid. Pick a fight with someone just for the hell of it, maybe.
Eventually, the kisses slowed into something gentler, almost apologetic. Soothing. Steve whined into Tony’s mouth when he pulled away, but his alpha just smiled at him, dark eyes glittering with unshed tears of his own.
Well. Never let it be said that he and Tony didn’t think alike. Either two peas in a pod or diametrically opposed, that was them.
Tony sneers and turns away, rubbing his hair dry. He rummages in the drawer for a pair of briefs, tossing them on the bed and then heading to the closet. Something comfortable, natural fibres in case of damage breaching the suit, he thinks. He has no idea how this mission will go, but he knows from experience that comfortable clothes make fighting easier in and out of the suit and that man-made fibres mean third degree burns if things happen to go south.
Tony, predictably, doesn’t notice. He stares at his reflection in the mirror. He looks tired, dark bags welling up under his thick lashes. Tony’s got movie star eyes, something Steve has always been just a little bit fascinated by. Steve knows he can’t pull off sultry or brooding the way Tony can, and he has the strangest urge to cup Tony’s face and run his thumb over the edge of them: let the gentle, butterfly-wing’s sensation of them skim over his skin.
“How the hell am I supposed to touch him without thinking about it?” Steve grumbles to himself. “What kinda good does that do me?”
it scares the hell out of me,” Bruce says. “So you know I know what I’m saying when I tell you to ask for what you want from us.”
“Why would you tell him something like that?” he snarls, but Stephen only watches him dispassionately.
“Tony,” Rhodey says, voice quiet and breathless, and Tony remembers, suddenly, that no one knows what he has just done. Loki was the only one.
“That would depend on the nature of the question,” JARVIS said, sounding more puzzled than anything else.
Eventually, he smooths a hand over his suit lapels and heads for the door, because what else is there to do? Pepper’ll kill him if he makes her late to something.
“She wouldn’t run into a burning building to save someone,” Steve says, considering the question carefully. “She’d call the fire department.”
Steve is intimately familiar with what happens next: Tony, shifting his weight side to side, eyes darting, desperate to escape a conversation. “Got work to do,” he says. He shrugs, awkward. Then he turns, winking over his shoulder at little Dani. Dani is safe ground. She’s cute, and she loves everyone, and they have no history. Steve huffs an exasperated laugh. “Later, Munchkin.”
“Oh boy,” Rhodey says, turning away. Tony can see Cap stiffen, his steps hitching for half a second before he shakes his head, keeps walking. “I’m not touching that one.”
Like Steve was suddenly worth something, to Tony. Like he was someone Tony would want to be tied to. He thinks about Tony calling him a
He remembers the first time he and Steve made it to a bed—Steve’s body curled around his, warm and safe.
“He’d tell you the same thing he always does; the Avengers need to remain an independent contractor in order for other governments such as Cuba or Ukraine to trust that they can call on us in the event of an emergency. We need to remain clean of the machinations of American politics.” Tony inclines his head in Cochran and Collins’ direction. “No offence.”
“I know!” Tony snaps, then stops abruptly when he catches a look at the expression on Rhodey’s face. “Look, nobody has seen or heard from Cap since yesterday. When Amora showed up at the tower, she seemed…fixated. On him, and me, but she knows she can’t have me. The point is, I think something big is about to go down and I need you with me, okay?”
“I’m sorry,” is the first thing Cap says to him when they’re alone. Tony had done the best he could to avoid this exact set of circumstances, but eventually the rest of the SI employees had to go home. Most of them had their actual jobs to do, and were volunteering time here and there when they could to make the project work. Beth was the only other person who’d been there half as often as Tony, mostly because like Tony, she was high up enough in SI that she was able to delegate her tasks out a bit.
“Steve,” Tony panted, scrabbling weakly at his shoulder, and Steve pulled off with an obscene, wet sound that made him shiver, his cock twitching in his hand. “Fuck, come here.”
, Steve didn’t say. He couldn’t say that he hadn’t been disappointed when he got to that part of the Wikipedia article on “Transnature Hormone Therapy” and found out that biological children weren’t in the cards, but that was alright. They could always adopt. Instead, he let Tony say his piece.
“I don’t care,” Steve said, and that much was true enough. Tony shut his mouth with an audible click, eyes skittering towards Steve’s and away again. “I love you. I want to be with you. There is nothing you could say to me right now beyond telling me that you don’t want me that could make me change my mind. And even then, I don’t think I’d believe you.”
“Think about it, Dana; the huge bombshell that was the Potomac Disaster, aka Hydragate, wasn’t that long ago. We know for a fact that Hydra infiltrated large swaths of the American government. The number of arrests was frankly staggering. It’s not a stretch.”
“Did you mess up?” Xavier asks. His voice is genuinely curious. “Someone you cared about was in danger, and you prioritised him over others. Does that make you a bad person?”
“You’re talking about that fear like it’s tied only to your family being poor, or you being sick,” Tony says, “but it wasn’t so great being a male omega in the 1920’s.”
“Apologies, Captain, but ten minutes ago Sir and an as of yet unidentified young woman were taken by a masked team of assailants on the corner of Vassar Street and Massachusetts Avenue.” Steve’s stomach lurched uncomfortably as JARVIS pulled CCTV footage up on the window screens, overlaying it against the backdrop of sky and skyscraper. “He was not in the armour, as he was walking with a group of MIT students who won the SI Scholarship this fall. He had planned to treat them to lunch.”
“Give it to me,” Tony says, dropping down into the seat on Bruce’s right. Natasha puts a carton of food in front of him, a pair of chopsticks sticking out of it, and Tony stares at it in confusion for a half second before processing it as pad kra pao.
“I do not think that your interference would have changed the outcome of this incident,” JARVIS says, firm and kind. “The on-site NIA representatives were generally dismissive of what Colonel Rhodes had to say, and he can be quite charming. You were unsettled, exhausted, and injured. You were in no condition to negotiate with the NIA.’
“Of course,” Pepper says, and then she sighs, the tension slipping out of her frame. “God, I thought something really awful was going on. Don’t scare me like that.”
. It was considered gender discrimination in the US now. Put in simpler terms, Steve had acted like a bully.
“You know me so well, baby.” He spins around in his chair, once, twice, before pushing off and sliding across the room to the armour rigging. “Alright, now let’s get you all fixed up.”
with his tentacles, almost taste the slick wetness of Steve’s mouth as he closes his lips around the tentacle and sucks, hard and intent. His eyes have been swallowed up by black pupil, just a thin blue ring around the evidence of his desire as he tracks Tony’s expression with his eyes.
White smoke spills out of Tony’s mouth in rings, a skill that delights Carol to no end. She tries to emulate him and mostly fails, much to her chagrin. It’s a good look on them. Steve doesn’t think they’ve spent any real quality time together since his death. He suspects the truth of it is that Tony is punishing himself. If he grieves alone he cannot be comforted. He cannot be absolved of the guilt that lies heavy across his shoulders. Steve understands this impulse well.
“Stark. Tell me what it is that has you rushing off to do ‘damage control,’ as you call it. Especially after I had you so nicely wound up.”
“A ghost called you a jerk in American Morse code,” Peter says flatly. This his face changes, contorting through guilt, horror, and chagrin. “Oh, God. And we were just…”
“Give JARVIS the coordinates,” he says, finally. “Let him look it over, see what we can get off the satellite feeds. I want the names and aliases of everyone who’s been working together on this, everything that you can give us. Rhodey and I will pry ourselves out of the armour, do some repairs, and meet back here at 17:00. We can eat and make a plan.”
“I love you,” Tony repeats dutifully, and the sob that tears its way out of Steve’s chest is a violent, squirming thing with too many teeth. It wrecks him bone-deep, inside and out. “
“Winner’s prize,” he drawled, and Steve felt himself flush bright and obvious. “Isn’t that right, pretty omega?”
"We do love you," he calls over his shoulder, because sometimes Steve Rogers is a coward. "I just wish you wouldn't make it so hard."
A scruffy blond teen huffs from where he’s apparently decided to watch Minoru’s back. On a better day, Tony would remember his name. Right now every single thought he could possibly have about the boy is uncharitable, so he lets it slide.
“So…you’ve got a stalkery fan, then?” Clint says, squinting at him a little. “She seemed pretty dangerous, did a real number on Cap.”
“Steve,” Tony said, and Steve closed his mouth, stared down at his trembling hands clenched together in his lap. “Mouthy brat.”
. The weather is 50 degrees Fahrenheit and sunny. I have been asked to inform you that brunch will be served in an hour in the communal kitchen.”
“Thank you, Tony,” Rogers whispered into his ear. His voice was soft, calloused hands skimming over the planes of Tony’s stomach.
Tony blinks, shaking the bleariness from his eyes. “Uh.” He rubs a hand over his face. He’d ask why Steve was awake at this hour, but the overwhelming musk of fight and fear pheromone says more than Steve ever would. “Your body, your choice.”
Tony snorted, taking an impertinent swing of his Wolverine Whiskey and turning around to face the door of Stark Enterprises. Sheriff Rogers was leaning in his doorway, broad shoulders limned by the high noon sun.
He closes his eyes when Loki adds a third finger, arching into it and dragging one hand over his neck and down his body, heading for his cock. He knows what kind of picture he makes, and he cracks his eyes open to gauge Loki’s reaction as he strokes himself slowly, body rocking into those long fingers, a small smile on his face. Loki looks ravenous, but also wry; he knows exactly what Tony is doing.
Steve could feel his jaw ratcheting with tension. Usually, he had a handle on his team, but right now he felt more than anything what it meant to be responsible for this ragtag gang of murderers, monsters, experiments, and gods. He did not want the responsibility of holding the keys to The Black Widow’s cage, but here he was.
Tony considers this for a moment, blowing into his mug. He tips his head to the side. “I think he is, too.”
“I’ve been…reading,” he says, and Tony raises his eyebrows. “About omega rights, and the anti-dynamic movement.”
‘Well he can keep them if he likes them.’ Steve writes back. Then he lets himself out, clutching the meagre bag of things he’d chosen to take with him as though it will save him from whatever typhoon is coming next.
“That’s…you can’t be serious,” Steve says, reeling. Pepper’s stare is unflinching. “That’s. Tony has worked so hard to become a better man, and you don’t support him?”
Tony rubs a hand over his face, because these past few weeks have been hell, and he doesn’t know how he feels about them taking the piss out of him for it. And then he cracks a smile, because what the hell. Peter needs the money more than Natasha, and Natasha doesn’t deserve the satisfaction.
“No?” Tony says, and Bruce closes his eyes, taking a slow breath. “Brucie-bear, come on. Talk to me. What’s going on? Is this temporary? Fixable? How much time am I missing?”
It was legal, now, and it wasn’t even that controversial. Steve didn’t know what he was waiting for. It wasn’t like Tony would have stopped him, if he wanted to come out. He was sure Tony would love a chance to brag about him, in fact. He did it to Clint all the damn time, mostly to irritate him. Clint pretended to think they were gross, and Tony pretended to be offended. It was a weird bonding thing. Steve didn’t get it, but he did think it was kinda cute.
Pushing through the fathomless in-between place to get to Tony feels easier this time, although that might be the giddiness bubbling under his skin. He comes back to himself in Tony’s bathroom, and he has a brief moment of disorientation, a flush of embarrassment at the flash of bare skin.
Clint is standing in the doorway with Thor, both of them in work out clothing, ostensibly returning from a training session. Clint is staring at Steve with a wary kind of scrutiny, eyes narrowed as he searches his face.
Tony’s brain is white static. He doesn’t know if he’s even breathing. He doesn’t know if he even remembers how to breathe. He moves without conscious thought, hands doing precisely as asked and settling on Steve’s ass. It’s all muscle, thick and perfect in his hands, and he pulls Steve apart almost brutally, exposing his hole to the tentacle that is curling back over Steve’s hip, questing, enjoying the feeling of skin sliding across the sensitive tip as it traverses Steve’s body. With Steve’s mouth pressed against his ear—his hot, blushing cheek pressed up against his own—Tony can hear the little unvoiced whimpers and moans that Steve holds back. He turns his face, pressing closer, so that Steve’s every gasp is spoken right into his ear.
“What’s going on, buddy?” Tony asks, wiping his hands down with a rag. He moves over to the work sink to clean off the rest, but startles when a heavy hand clasps his shoulder. Thor leans down into his space, long hair tickling Tony’s neck while he approximates a whisper.
“I understand,” Steve said. He took another sip of water. “I guess we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it, huh?”
Tony shrugs, pulling the crust off of a piece of bread and dipping it in what’s left of his stew. “Sort of? Howard was an atheist. Or agnostic, maybe, I dunno. We never talked about it. I know my mom was raised proper Roman Catholic, though. I mean, she was real Italian. But she was a practical woman, not really very devout. Mostly I think her faith was linked to her charity work. The Maria Stark Foundation was everything to her.”
It would be too simple, if a few scans were enough to uncover the secret of Steve’s death. He hadn’t expected them to.
“JARVIS was handling it,” Tony protests, shrugging, and Cabe rolls her eyes and heads towards the garage exit.
Steve’s entire body ached: every joint, the bottoms of his feet, a spot on the back of his left forearm, behind his right ear. It reminded him unpleasantly of weeks cooped up with the flu, his head stuffed with cotton just as it was now. He felt dizzy, and fatigued, and most of all, bone-chillingly empty. He felt like he’d been hollowed out with one of Natasha’s skinners, insides scraped straight clean. A headache built at his temples.
“Shirt,” he murmurs, dazedly. Or, rather, a lack of one. Tony’s completely shirtless, sweat slowly trickling down his abdominal muscles in mouth-watering streams.
“You’re really here,” he says, blinking up at Tony. There’s a burn mark scraped across one cheekbone, and Tony reaches out, pressing a thumb against the unmarked skin beneath it.
Steve fixes him with a look but does as he’s told. He and JARVIS go back and forth a few times about temperatures and salinity, but Tony tunes them out. He peels off the top half of the flight suit that seemed to be all that was left of his clothes after Minoru’s magical mishap—wow, say that five times fast—and then frowns down at the dried blood that’s still left in a macabre ring around the gap left by his floating ribs. The skin in the centre is smooth and unmarked, so really, all props to Minoru. This would have been a pretty bad one. He scratches at it with a thumb, making a face when it flakes off only to stick and congeal to his itchy tentacles.
Flower tilted her head to the side in answer, staring at something only she could hear, and Tony hopped off his horse and set off the road in the direction she’d pointed.
He thought of the little glass bottle sitting in their medicine cabinet at home, the little biohazard bin underneath the sink, and rested his head in his hands. With every beat of his heart, he could feel the clock ticking.
“Oh, hush, I’m not really here,” Loki hums, but he looks plenty real to Tony as he stalks forward with a small smirk. “Holding back on account of little old me? How…surprisingly sentimental of you, Stark.”
A noise at the door of Reed’s lab makes him turn. There is a particular quality of sound when someone is trying not to be heard when they walk and doing a bad job of it. Anywhere else he might be worried, but Steve knows who lives in this building. He wanders over towards the door.
The doors opened sooner than he would have liked them to, his ears crackling a little at the pressure of having gone from one of the top floors of the tower to the deepest subbasement Tony could legally build. Steve wasn’t sure that he’d have gotten the permits if City Hall had known what they were for, but it was too late for them to do anything now. By now, New York had come to love the Hulk, in its own way; he was angry, and he protected his own, and he didn’t take any shit. If anything, he was basically the city’s mascot.
Steve leans in again, knocking their foreheads together gently. His eyes flutter shut. “I miss you,” he murmurs, and Tony swallows.
“Sorry,” Steve manages. His head is twisted to this side, half of his face buried in the pillows. He looks half-gone, his brows furrowed. “God, you have no idea how many times I’ve thought about this.”
“Throw me a towel,” Tony says, suddenly uncomfortable with Loki in the room. Instead, the shower door opens, and Loki stands in it, head tilted slightly to the side. He holds a towel in one hand, eyes searching, and Tony shuts off the spray and takes it from him with more force than necessary.
“Hush,” Steve murmurs, squeezing Tony in a hug. Tony subsides, pressing his forehead into Steve’s with a rough sigh. “Whatever it is, Tony; the UN, the US government, Loki’s Big Bad, we can face it. He told you as much, didn’t he?”
“I’m moving,” Steve says, and Tony snaps his eyes open to see Steve backing up, his hands raised. He steps away until the exit to the bar is clear, moving around until he’s a few steps away from the small opening. He looks angry, but he’s keeping it together. If Tony was feeling a little more generous, he might be willing to call the expression on Steve’s face one of guilt, but he isn’t feeling particularly charitable at the moment. Mostly, Steve’s lucky he didn’t vault the bar and book it for his cuffs. “Better?”
The TV turns on, and Steve watches with horror his parting shot in the workshop, from that very first fight they’d had after Loki appeared. He watches himself speak, just a throwaway comment, but this time he can see the way Tony flinches back like he’s been struck. He watches himself walk out of the workshop without looking back, watches Tony stand still for a few long, painful moments, his face expressionless. The footage cuts off, and Steve turns his head back to stare at Tony. He’s making the same face now. It’s the same face he makes when the press is hounding him about his past as The Merchant of Death, the way he looks after a bad night, the way he looks when he’s so deep into his own mind that Steve can’t manage to pull him out for anything.
Well, there went that. He shuts off the soldering iron with a huff, putting it to the side and flipping up his goggles. The expression he offers Steve must be bad, because he winces, reaching out to rub at Tony’s cheek. His thumb comes away black.
"What is that crazy motherfucker up to?" Clint says, sounding winded. Tony catches sight of him riding a rappelling line down to a shorter roof with a water tower, tumbling to a stop and raising a bow to take out something going down a side street. There's an explosion, and then a plume of smoke.
“I have to do this!” Tony snaps, slapping his hand against the door. It knocks fully closed again with a heavy thump. The room begins to shrink in on him, blackness building as his breath picks up, and he sways with it, trying to hold it together. “He’s gone, and I’m in charge, and I have to be enough. I have to get him back. It would ruin me. He could ruin me.”
“How long were you planning this?” Natasha asks, and Tony shrugs at her. The ice around Thor begins to crack, bright blue and white chips skittering across the floor in every direction, loud snapping noises echoing against glass and steel. Loki stands in front of Thor, a smug expression on his face, and Tony bites back a laugh as Thor roars to life, stomping one foot forward and then pulling himself up short, his entire body stumbling to a stop.
Pepper tilts her head to the side, one brow furrowing as she looks at him. “No, I don’t expect I’ll have much trouble from him,” she says, confusingly. Then she nods. “Go on, then.”
“Rude!’ Tony crowed, but he melted satisfyingly into Steve’s embrace when Steve took one of the tendons of his neck between his teeth and pressed down, softly. “Oh.”
He blows out half of the top of the elevator before Cap can walk into the debris radius, blocking the faceplate with an arm. When the last of it has crumbled away, he reaches out for Cap, rewarded when they lock together as easy as muscle memory. Cap steps onto his foot, arm going around his shoulder, and Tony slides an easy hand around his waist and flies them up into the darkened shaft.
Williams (“Call me Riri, please, Miss just sounds weird.”) was bright as they’d expected, with the kind of sweetness to her that only youth could bring. She wasn’t naïve, by any means; her calm throughout the whole situation as well as the way she’d reacted during the initial fight spoke to that. But she was a welcome delight while the Avengers cleared the silo one section at a time. Halfway through they ran out of zip ties, but by that time SHIELD had shown up to start carting them off to wherever SHIELD dumped all the violent fascist thugs the Avengers rounded up on these missions. Honestly, Steve was surprised they could even find grunts to keep jumping on the wire for them. He would have thought they’d run out eventually.
“Stop that, come on. Come back.” Steve didn’t move, and after a moment Tony pulled back. He could feel the weight of his gaze on him. “How do you feel about letting the team up here, then?”
“Do you think I’ll be letting you out of bed, once we really get started?” Tony asked idly, and Steve couldn’t help but whimper. He felt humiliatingly like he actually might begin to get wet, right there in the kitchen.
“Go ahead,” Tony encourages him, and Steve takes Tony’s wrist in his hands and gently, ever so sweetly, rubs his cheek against the scenting gland there. He’s shaking, still, the tension in his muscles vibrating like a plucked string. His expression could best be described as tortured.
“Natasha,” he said, looking up to catch Tony’s speculative expression. “I could handle Natasha, I think.”
. Be inexcusably rude to him while he’s trying to make small talk on the flight back to the helicarrier.
Tony turns and angles his unibeam to Loki’s right, flashing right past him and hitting Rhodey’s matching force right in front of The Executioner. He closes his eyes.
“I resent that remark, Ms. Cabe,” Steve says, but he’s grinning, and Tony throws his hands up and turns his attention back to cutting plexiglass into the hundreds of uniform rectangles that will make up the Empire State Building’s many windows. “Isn’t Watson the minder, and the detective the one who instigates all of Sherlock’s shenanigans?”
Tony pulls one of the chairs away from the table, out of the reach of Natasha’s legs. He swings it around, sitting on it the wrong way round and propping his arms on the back. Steve stands just behind him on the left, closer to the door, even as JARVIS re-seals the room.
“Two minutes,” Bruce promised. “I left the compound to release the masks in the quinjet’s medkit. It’s a little brown glass bottle. Use the dropper along the edges of the seal and it’ll slide right off.” There was a slight pause. “Considering the situation, Captain, I am going to have to insist that you go home.”
“I just…can I ask, uh. I never did, because I didn’t want to be rude. But I thought, maybe, it would be okay to ask now.”
“Do you want me to stay?” Tony yawns before he can respond, covering his mouth with the back of his hand. “Sorry. I know sleep is hard for you. I didn’t think to turn it off last night.”
What he knows is that he’s woken by a gentle tug. When he opens his eyes, the bed is empty, and Tony is moving around in the bathroom. The sun slants bright over the bed.
“But I like the view,” Steve complains, eyes half-lidded and gorgeous, and Tony wants him. He wants him now, again.
Steve’s watching him, now, though what he sees makes him frown. He’s got a magnificent frown, Captain Rogers. His chin dimples with it. It’s quite foreboding. But then the frown melts, and he just looks nervous. He bites his full bottom lip, the one Tony’s wanted to suck on for weeks.
“You’d think a year would be enough of a honeymoon period,” Bruce mused, but he was doing a bad job of hiding his laughter. “Tony, if you miss another meeting because of sex, Pepper will make sure you’re never able to miss a meeting because of sex again.”
“Party foul,” Tony says mildly, letting Thor step through the door first. “You know the drill, JARVIS.”
“I never even got a touch of omega hormones. I was on blockers before I hit puberty.” Tony’s face did something complicated, then. His expression broke into something less terrifying, more stubborn. He looked more like himself. “Don’t misunderstand me. I wanted to be an alpha, too. My father wouldn’t have performed surgery on me without my consent. He’s not that much of a monster.”
“I’m more of a brownie man, myself,” Tony admits, taking slices of apple as Clint lays them out and placing them in careful concentric circles. He knows better than to ruin Clint’s vision when he’s in this state. “But I do see how disappointing that is, Captain America not liking apple pie.”
“You’ll probably be clear by tomorrow,” Bruce said. His voice was meek, apologetic, but Steve couldn’t bother to feel bad about it. He was feeling particularly protective of his alpha, and the parts of the serum that made him a little more aggressive than the average omega didn’t like how Bruce had been acting one bit. Had he said these things to Tony when they were alone? “I would suggest that Steve wait in the penthouse and you go up to meet him. Or, I guess I’m requesting it. I really would prefer if the Tank was free as soon as possible, and getting it professionally sterilised will be hell with all the clearances needed to get down here.”
“Steve,” Tony complains, but he lets Steve drag him towards the elevator without fighting his embrace.
Rogers’ fingers reached up, his eyes half-slitted as he traced the line of Tony’s facial hair. His expression was unbearably soft, and Tony swallowed and stood. He took ahold of the rest of the newspaper and began to stuff the windows, pushing the curtains out of the way so he could get to the sills. Rogers slipped in and out as he watched Tony work, a small, satisfied smile on his face. Tony had no idea what he was on about. Maybe he’d been in the cold so long he’d gone mad.
Steve had heard all this, but he knew JARVIS was walking him through it as a way to calm him down. He stood, pacing the living room once, twice, before moving into the kitchen and filling a glass of water.
Tony’s sitting at the kitchen island on Sunday morning, sipping something green and soupy and wearing a black button up and slacks. He looks tired. The bruise around his eye is dark purple, angry red at the corners. His lip is scabbed and swollen, and Steve freezes in the doorway and hovers there, unsure of how to proceed.
It hurts. It hurts worse than anything Steve could imagine. He thinks back to all of Tony’s horrific lovers, people who didn’t deserve to touch him. Tony with Tiberius and loving Steve. Tony with
For a while there was no sound, just the quiet rush of Tony’s breathing. Even that much was so familiar and dear that Steve started forward, one hand reaching out to stretch towards Tony before he pulled his hand back.
Thor nods. “I do not want the throne,” he says again, more firmly this time. He grins broadly. “My brother has lauded me to all the realms as the protector of Yggdrasil, champion of all. He has spun it so that my refusal to serve as Asgard’s king is the move of a noble man, a move that makes me a shared asset among a common people, united. It has helped greatly in my attempts to push back against a council that would rather just have me take Odin’s place.”
“I want to take care of you,” he says stubbornly, and Tony shrugs, letting himself fall back to the pillows. He spreads his legs in obvious invitation. “Thank you.”
“Iron-Man!” Hawkeye shouts, running towards him at a full tilt, but Tony isn’t paying any attention to her. He’s watching Amora, veins crawling up her neck a sluggish black. She’s shaking with electricity, eyes rolled back into her head, a hybrid syringe and taser arrow sticking out of her spine.
“You can, you can,” Steve chants, and Tony hushes him. He’s working the tip of his ligula in and out, now, and Steve is rocking with it, clenching and releasing beautifully with each thrust. “More. Give me more, I can take it-”
“If you don’t know, we’re both in trouble,” Steve says, a wry smile cresting over his face like the sun, and that’s just not fair. “Tony, you…God, how long?”
“When my mother passed,” Loki says, and Tony’s fingers come to a stop on the zipper, “I felt it. That’s not unusual; we were both magic wielders, and she had trained me. We were…close.”
Loki does not answer him, and Tony sighs and rubs a hand through his hair, face screwing up a bit as he remembers the gel too late. He stares at his fingers with a frown, then gets up to wipe his hand on a bar towel and fetch himself a drink. He has a feeling he’s going to need it for this conversation.
Tony looks up at the door to the workshop, waving a hand for JARVIS to let Thor in. Clint and Natasha are behind him, looking somewhat bewildered.
The wide black doors to Pepper’s office swing open, and both of them turn to see the woman in question standing there with her eyebrows raised in two perfect, disdainful orange arches. She’s dressed slightly less aggressively than she had been when Steve saw her last, in a chic white pantsuit that speaks to her elegance and grace. Steve knows very few people that can wear all white and not get a speck of anything on themselves all day, dirt or otherwise.
“You’ve apologised a thousand times. To everyone in this building. On television. To the country. So just…let me speak.” Tony sighs, but he’s still feeling quite tender. He submits to Steve’s protestations, relaxing against him. He lets his head fall against Steve’s. “I promised myself I’d never do that to you again. I promised I’d never walk out on you when you needed my support. And I…I fucked it up. I left you, again, when you needed me most. So soon after -”
Steve’s head snapped around to look at her, his fingers stuttering on the container. Her eyes, surprisingly, were trained on him and not Tony.
“No, it’s okay,” Steve said, probably flushed an absolutely mortifying shade of puce based on how hot his face felt. He waved a hand, then offered Tony one of the rolled towels they keep on the bench for cooldown. “I asked. And we’ve been sparring. Your adrenaline’s gotta be high.”
“Wait, hang on,” Steve says, but Pepper is having none of it. She gathers her things into her purse.
"So then what's the problem?" Tony snorts incredulously. "You should seduce him. Turn him to the light side."
“You noticed me whilst you were in the shower yesterday. I saw you dancing, naked under the water as you sang.” Loki licks his lips, and Tony waffles, unsure if he’s aroused or annoyed by the knowledge. “I thought of joining you, running my tongue over your wet skin, pressing you against the tile.”
“Star Man hurt Tin Man feelings. Puny Banner try to talk to Tin Man. Tin Man get scared.” Hulk shrugs; it’s a massive movement, huge slabs of muscle shifting like platelets under his skin. It’s a humbling sight, just enough to distract Steve from his own useless guilt. “Puny Banner think he so smart. Stupid. Should know Tin Man not like talk feeling. Banner fault. Star Man fault, too.”
“Why are you still standing there?” he sneers, intent on cutting him off at the knees before he can stand back up. “I know you’re a tin soldier with the head of a scarecrow, but I know you can obey basic commands.”
“We’re going to run a comprehensive analytics test.” He pulls away from Steve’s mouth a little, just enough to hook the wires up to the little metal bits that have remained all over his skull since he returned from the Baxter building. Steve mouths at the nape of his neck as he works on his temples, then switches back around to his front as he tries to do the back.
killed people for threatening Potts. You know that. It’s in the files.” He knocks back a gulp of his whiskey, making Steve wince a little. Clint was more of a beer and Everclear kind of man, and he’d never really understood why Tony insisted on buying him five-hundred dollar alcohol if he wasn’t even going to appreciate it. But then, five-hundred dollars was nothing to Tony. Growing up first under Prohibition and then The Depression meant that Steve hadn’t been in any place to understand high-class booze as a kid, but like many things, the war had changed that quickly. He’d been passed through society parties and military fundraising efforts like a prized trinket, and the military elite only ever drank top shelf. Furthermore, as someone who could only drink for taste, both Starks had taken to spoiling him.
Tony loses himself for longer than he means to. Steve is warm everywhere Tony is touching him, slick and wet and beading with delicious sweat. He wonders, idly, if perhaps octopodes are able to taste through their tentacles somehow, the way narwhals can sense salinity with their horns. He’s feeling things he isn’t sure he could describe in human terms. Everything, all around him, is Steve. Steve.
“I don’t know why I put up with your nonsense,” Stephen sighs, and Tony rolls his eyes. “You explicitly said it was urgent. Many times. Over many messages.”
New York was never his, for all he grew up here. Not the way it was Steve’s, anyhow. He wanted something more, a place to fit in, but now he’d been to space and all he could think about was the cliché and the pale blue dot. He’d been patriotic, once; he might be still, somewhere deep down, but it was mostly a mask he put on to play pals with government officials, to offer morale to troops who saw him as a true American, a true patriot, a good man. He didn’t think about America much, or even the city as being his city. He was a New Yorker, by most definitions, he supposed. He was an American. He was of Earth.
“The UN is in the middle of coming up with a proposal for oversight. For us, and any future groups like us. I’ve been dealing with the US government’s pressure on that front since the Potomac Crash, but saving you was a dangerous op for our own self-interest. We went in to save one of our own, and we got people killed. It was the last straw.” Tony takes a breath, putting one hand over Steve’s mouth to forestall his questions. “Listen to me, Steve.” His eyes are wide in his face, beseeching as he leans in. “They are talking registration of all enhanced individuals. Every mutant. Every science experiment. Every techno-genius. Do you know what the Overton Window is? Ross has been talking about this stuff since The Hulk came out of the gate. He has been steadily pushing this agenda for six years, and now he is the
His orgasm rips through him with the kind of violent force that whites out his vision. Distantly he can hear Steve moaning around his cock, his fingers digging sharply into Tony’s chest. His other hand is curled sweet and firm over the top of Tony’s left thigh, and it’s gripping tight enough that Tony’s sure to have an absolutely spectacular bruise tomorrow. Tony wants it to bruise. He kind of wants to tattoo the bruises on so he’ll have a permanent reminder of how fucking incredible and lifechanging this orgasm has been. He feels very strongly about this. He genuinely can’t feel his extremities.
Loki’s moan when he begins to move is delicious. Tony slides his hands over his chest, playing with his nipples, squirming when Loki’s hands press into his hips, pull him down deep every single time. When Loki’s breath begins to grow unsteady, Tony bends down and takes his mouth, both of them moaning into the kiss at the change in angle. He shivers when Loki drags his fingers up Tony’s spine, pulling him close and rolling them again.
“We’re gonna talk Asgardian mindfucking, but we’re gonna get real fuckin’ drunk first because Loki is upstairs right now and I need to be too plastered in the morning to remember this conversation so I don’t kill him over breakfast and lose both my favourite mode of transportation and gamer bro in one fell swoop, okay?” Clint is already sitting down, so Steve doesn’t think he has much say in the matter. Perhaps, he thinks wryly, he has his answer. Tony has always been disproportionately self-aware when it came to his faults, after all, even if he dressed it in bleakly horrifying self-deprecation. Steve doesn’t know how he feels about Clint’s decision to lump Tony in with Loki in this hypothetical breakfast war, but he’s just setting that aside for now.
“It’s too bad Sam went home,” Steve says, and Tony grumbles. “It was nice to have a running partner.”
There was something complicated in his voice, almost raw. Steve nodded. “In case you didn’t know, alpha,” he said, just to hear Tony’s sharp intake of breath, “I’m a little old-fashioned.”
In some ways, the city had been his friend and confidant long before even Buck had. On the long nights when nothing seemed good or right, Steve could always look out across the stinking slick of the Hudson and see her lights and spires and feel secure. She was never going anywhere. No matter how he and his mother’s health might wax and wane like the moon, or his country might slide from a depression into a war, or the shifting alliances of the socio-political landscape might make a religion or race good or bad in the eyes of her public, New York’s skyscrapers would still be standing high as a man reaching for his God could ever make them. It was part of why he’d wanted to join up so badly. The very thought of someone coming to hurt her made him want to arch up over the city like a shield, to protect the whole of her bustle and light with his small, shaking, aching body. He would have given everything and anything to protect her, from the old rat-infested tenement houses he’d eked out a living in with his mother to the bullies who had cornered him in allies, the mangy caterwauling ditch cougars and the dolled-up pretty boys who lurked by the shipyards in grey, narrow places and tree-shaded parks. And after all these years, here she was even still; skyscrapers ever taller, faces ever changing, still sharp as a whip and twice as beautiful as all the stars in the sky. No matter what Amora showed him, she could never take that. She could never make him regret sacrificing everything––even Peggy, even Buck––to save this; the great American experiment, proof that Eendraght Maeckt Maght after all. The truth of it was enough to make him hate himself a little bit, but it was one of those things that was too true to deny. He was glad that Tony had made him move back here, despite how much he had hated it at the start. How much he had thought he’d hated Tony, even. If only he’d known.
He glances over to Thor, and for a moment the two of them just make helpless eye contact. Thor clears his throat.
He expects Loki to be desperate, or maybe shove him away, and he’s not disappointed. The kiss is less of a kiss than a biting at mouths; a gasping, wet thing with no control, Loki’s hands scrabbling at his shirt buttons before finally just tearing the last few off, pushing the whole thing over his shoulders and climbing into his lap. He’s biting at Tony’s neck, leaving deep, painful bruises that Tony knows he’ll be feeling for days, pulling at Tony’s wrists to force him to cradle Loki’s hips in his hands. He does not need much prompting. He slides his palm up Loki’s abdomen, brushes his thumb over a nipple, tangles his hands in Loki’s thick black waves. Loki sinks down into his lap, grinding them together, and Tony tips his head back and groans.
They’re both, he decides, far too good at using intellect and emotion as a weapon. He cards his fingers through Loki’s damp hair, feeling the measured breath of a fucked out Æsir skating across his chest. He feels wrung out, but also intensely satisfied. It’s only ten. Maybe he’ll order in.
“We’re working on it,” Tony admits grudgingly, and Natasha smirks. “Look, I dunno. Loki’s cool with it, I think. There’s a lot of talking that needs to happen. Anyway, what the hell, Nat?”
Mercifully, Tony turns around to wash his hands in the kitchen sink. Steve glances over at Peter, who’s staring into his plate like it holds the secret of the universe in it. He looks…sad.
