“Mikey, Mikey, c’mon, man,” Lucifer says, making some obnoxious fake plea, “I get the bitterness. For all you did for the old man, you got no better from him than me.” Michael gives Lucifer a hard look at this. “The son voted Most Likely to Suck, and that Sucks.”
“A December lamb,” Castiel smiles as Dean wipes down the newborn. Fuck, who knew delivering them would be so visceral, so draining? “Now there’s a heartening sight to warm these cold months.”
Michael’s lips twitch upwards, and his eyes graze back over to Castiel. Happiness, brief and glimmering, that had been swallowed up by the shadow of melancholy and grief, glimmers faintly on his face like the promise of dawn.
When he opens his door and gets in, Dean is resting his head on the passenger window, looking hopeless.
“You always did,” Castiel points out, cheeks hot, though he manages to smile with this statement. Dean glances back up to him. The corners of his mouth twitch up.
“Yeah, but…” Dean rubs his eyes with the heel of his palm. “It’s like, it’s fine when it’s just you, you know? When me and you are alone together, I’m fine. But all of this—” Dean gestures to the great hall in front of them. “—It’s too much. It’s bullshit.”
“Road, Dean!” Castiel exclaims with another snort. Dean grins and opens his eyes and continues singing and laughing, glancing at Castiel and seeming really, genuinely happy.
“Yeah,” Dean nods with a breathless smile. Slowly, slowly, it’s sinking in. He’s—he’s out. He’s really out. He lets out a laugh. “I just really wanted to kiss you,” he shakes his head.
“Enough,” Dean repeats, shaking Bobby’s hand off his arm. He glares at his plate. Silence falls once again. He looks up. “When you’ve finished your meals, leave for your own rooms. I’m weary from travel—and from both of you—and would like to sleep.”
“I’m guessing by your tone that things didn’t go too well today,” Ellen states worriedly, stepping inside Dean’s room.
“He’d visited one of the Demon Kingdoms only a few months prior to our meeting in Dione. On more than one occasion, I suspect.”
“Samandriel,” Castiel tries, attempting once again to pull himself free, but now Samandriel holds on so tightly it actually hurts.
They continue walking down the widest street of the citadel, the one that leads directly up to the castle. Dean puts in extra effort not to trip on the small, cobbled stoning of the road. He’s had enough of embarrassing himself, he thinks.
Cas swallows and reaches into the pocket of his damn, ridiculous, awkward, beautiful trenchcoat. He pulls out another box.
“Well, that seems awful negligent of him,” the shepherd frowns softly, troubled, and Dean nearly snarls.
“Dean!” Isaac exclaims—and oh, God, Bela is with him. “So good to see you! People said you were around.”
He turns sharply and paces down the corridor. The castle is a panic, servants fleeing, crying—Dean remembers Jo and Ellen on his way to his room and, all terror for their sake, turns on his heel to search for them. Jo is stubborn to the point of foolishness—would she risk her life to fight? She’s only a girl.
me?” He asks, and Castiel’s lips twitch, and the writer only nods in reply, hands working gorgeous circles over Dean’s scalp, and it feels too fucking good for him to even be able to protest.
He sits in silence for a while, eyes dancing. Occasionally, he’ll look up to Castiel and smile, nervous, in such a way that Cas’s insides trill blue and green.
He jumps in surprise when Mary drops a big plastic box of cookies into his arms and balances a bunch of yellow flowers on top of it.
“Thanks, Ellen,” he laughs, but what she’s said means a lot to him. He’s certain his cheeks flame at her words.
“The end,” Cas finishes with a smile. Dean swims back into reality, blinking harshly. Mara, half asleep, beams.
He hears something like a mirthful snort, and glances up, scowling, to the Queen’s face; confused to see her looking almost triumphant as she gazes down at Dean with carelessly disguised vindictive amusement.
“You’ve never done this before?” Castiel asks, nervous, unconvinced, watching Dean hammer out a silver bracelet for Ellen. The metal is braided and, if Dean says so himself, beautiful.
“What’re you doing up here, all alone?” He asks. Castiel smiles at the squeeze Dean’s palms offer his shoulders before finally, properly, slipping away.
Above the roar and crackle of the gateway, and Castiel must accompany him, for nothing other than the assurance that Dean will make it through, safely.
The strangest thing of a storm is that afterwards, there’s no stasis. The sun rises on skeleton frames of homes and lives in a way which proves that sometimes, progress is discourteous. Castiel is left on the roof which was Dean’s favourite place in all the world, which had been
“You like your secrets,” he comments to the shepherd, whose lips quirk through his mouthful. He takes a sip of his cider.
“Yes,” Dean replies, but it comes out quickly and a little frustrated, Dean forgetting to whisper his reply. “But dads. I’m talking about dads.”
a man before—does that count for nothing? We kept to the shadows, then, and it didn’t help us. Light or dark, they’ll find us if they want to, and they always do, don’t you see? They
Michael speaks gently now. It makes Castiel lift his head up to face the King properly. Michael kneels down in front of his youngest brother, and Castiel is infinitely grateful for his change in tone.
The words are slurred out. It still earns him a kick to the face. But it gives his kid time. Dean spits out blood into the sand. But as he does, he finds himself able to lift his body off of it—only a few inches, on account of his broken legs—but Sam is sitting, mopping at the blood pouring from his nose
“You’re back,” Dean laughs breathlessly; perhaps he turns his head into Castiel a little more than necessary, because Castiel can feel the words and laughter against the shell of his ear.
“It is,” Castiel agrees, not sure exactly what Dean means, but finding some strange wraith-like resemblance to it in his recollection of Michael’s voice, as he spoke of his Beloved.
“What are you worried about?” He asks, finally. “That they’ll get a divorce? That they won’t stop fighting?”
His breath comes in hard. The sea on the cliffs below racks against the rocks. The sounds reach the croft and match the pulse of his thoughts.
“I’m sure he’s very proud,” Lisa touches his arm softly, elegant light brown fingers curling and squeezing just above his elbow.
Days later, Dean watches as the land of the Demon Kingdom rolls closer and closer toward their boat; he imagines that his people in their great ship are merely remaining motionless from where they float, on the boat rocking gently from side to side in the gaping sea, that it is the Demons who are really drawing closer and closer to them, and not vice versa.
Dean’s other arm is slung around Castiel’s shoulders. Cas can’t stop staring at the hair darkened by rain clinging to his temples, the freckles reaching the very tip of his nose, enchanting, enchanting, eternally enchanting.
“You have a boyfriend,” Dean shakes his head defeatedly, staring down at the table with a sulky expression. “Balthazar.”
all their scorn. Dean has made himself look like a complete idiot in front of the Angels—in front of one Angel in particular, and the knowledge of this makes him wish the earth would crack open and swallow him whole.
hopefully will be posting the next chapter soon ! insert arbitrary promise that there is a happy ending here :)
“I need to take you home,” Castiel shakes his head. “I’ll call Ellen and explain—it’s fine, she’ll understand, she’s only worried about you, that’s all—”
“That’s my job, Cas,” Dean grins, undoing his seatbelt and getting out the car. Castiel does the same. He’s reminded of Charlie’s party, and the strange cocktail of misery it unknowingly caused him.
“I don’t know,” Castiel answers, offhandedly. They turn out of the hospital. “It’s just—I spent all my childhood, basically, and adolescence, living opposite you. I pretty much
has known Dean and said he’s worth knowing, knows Dean more raw and real than anyone else, has seen the shadows that haunt the house of Dean’s skull, and has not run away. Has stayed and has driven the shadows away. A regular exorcist.
“Alright, all washed up,” he smiles, then frowns at the look on Mary’s face. “Are you okay, mom?” Sam asks.
He prays. He prays with anger, with fire. He gets nothing back. He starts throwing his body around recklessly on hunts, hoping to get hurt, hoping that it’ll be the end of him and not even able to admit to himself that this is what he hopes for.
Dean hums in agreement and looks about him at the outlined, dark trees of the forest which surrounds them. If he strains his ears, he can hear the stream he and Cas always explore, looking for fish and frogs and other tiny, exciting creatures. He points this out to Castiel.
“Considering the fact that Demons can fly, I don’t think passage was very difficult,” Dean rolls his eyes. Michael turns back to him, blue eyes searing.
“I love you,” Dean says. The world stills and Castiel doesn’t even realise. The rain turns to a thrumming heartbeat in his ears. The sky has dimmed. “I love you,” Dean says again, shaking his head, eyes stung with more tears, these purer than before. Castiel shakes his head too, but Dean speaks over him. “I
Ellen presses her lips together and turns back to the berries straining through the muslin. Her back to him, Dean can still make out the terseness of her muscles at Dean’s somewhat pointed rejection.
Angels rarely, if ever, travel by animals, and so it is not often that Castiel sees a horse, let alone a whole mass of them ready to pull the many wheelhouses to the Human Kingdom.
“That sounds like a good plan,” Cas’s voice is soft and warm and affectionate. Its gravelly tones graze over Dean’s skin, sending up timid, affectionate pinpricks along Dean’s forearms. He sighs at the sound.
and there is so much grace in all of this, and Dean kisses and grazes his hands over skin he’s never, neither of them have ever, touched, neither of them have touched one each other like this before. Dean is fascinated, unable to stop, apparently, Castiel is in heaven, but after what seems like hours he grows impatient and growls and pushes Dean back and pulls Dean’s shirt off and murmurs something like,
Dean laughs hoarsely, taking a step back on Castiel’s palm and gesturing to Castiel, to all of Castiel. “How many eyes have you got there, buddy? Can any of them shoot lasers?”
“Oh you think so, Novak?” Dean chuckles, raising his eyebrows at the other boy. “And I guess you’d know all about that, wouldn’t you?”
“But he doesn’t always let people see to his wounds,” Sam says, “even me. Believe it or not, but he must trust you a lot, to let you tend to his. Must have trusted you, even then.”
“Errand,” Castiel answers simply, and brushes past Dean, back toward the front door. Dean takes a shuddering breath, angry and hurt and not sure what these feelings are directed at or what their cause is. It’s been a week and he and Castiel have not spoken to each other
“He’s getting rude as you,” Castiel shakes his head. “Perhaps it’s not such a good thing, the two of you becoming close.”
,” Lucifer laughs. The sound is cold and flat and hard against Dean’s ears. “No, I have other things on my mind, today. But Dean, I don’t think you understand—you’re quite the interesting specimen—you see, your brother, Sam—
“I don’t know,” Dean sighs again, brow sloping. “I guess I—I guess since you died—or,” he corrects himself, “got taken, I started… throwin’ myself around more. Caring less.”
Dean sighs, closing his own door, perhaps with deliberate softness, now, and makes his way to the front door.
Cas rolls his eyes. Dean grins. The shepherd is suppressing a smile. Dean stays by his side until the song ends, when Cas takes the glass from Dean’s hand, tips it against Dean’s, and takes a long drink from it.
“Believe me, Jo, I think about that a lot.” Dean ruffled Jo’s hair. “I’d be a lot happier for it, I’m sure, as would my father.”
The table continues bantering and bickering, Dean and Meg providing a great deal of entertainment, Tamara doing very well in only calling them immature twice. By the time dessert is brought served, Garth points out how like the cafeteria in high school this all is, to which a silence follows, before the rest of the table erupts in snorts of laughter.
Michael reasoned, kneeling down beside their father and presenting the newborn to him. The younger Angel lifted the baby gently to the King, but their father took no notice, only stared dolefully at his wife, eyes swimming in tears, body trembling. Anna looked away, bitterness and remorse ripping their way through her.
“Where is the fiction section?” Castiel asks, and Dean’s heart swells uncontrollably at the look on Cas’s face.
be when she catches him in the kitchen, trying to take a bread roll for his breakfast and run out before seeing anyone.
He can barely look at her for the guilt which riddles his system. The girl, eight years old, made an orphan—all because Dean was too weak and panicked to carry her
“That makes you angry,” the writer nods, looking down, his face damp. Dean feels like a dick. Like, an actual
“I think you’re prayers to him—or your grief?—made it through to the Empty. He couldn’t hear it, but… Anyway, because of that, the Empty pretty much threw him out, when I came to get him. So it’s funny—Dean. Telling the truth took Cas to the Empty. And you telling the truth, that took him from there, to heaven, and from heaven, to earth.”
He races home as soon as he can. The sun is retreating by the time he makes it to the Eyrie, and Ellen registers the panic sitting in him at his fumbling, flitting movements as he rifles through the kitchen for a strong drink to take to the Eyrie. She tries to talk to him, but her words are vague strange chiming in his ears, and he swings out of the kitchen as fast as he entered it with an apology and a goodbye garbled by the spinning of his head.
but a servant coughing lightly into her closed fist interrupts him. He and his sister turn to face the girl.
“He was—he was deceived, believed Uriel and Zachariah’s intentions were for the good of our people, were to serve you—”
Places look different, when you first see them, Castiel thinks. They look different: when you first arrive somewhere, especially when you know that some day it will be familiar and intimate to you, especially when you don’t ever want it to, it stretches up, walls too high. You don’t want to look, he thinks: when you arrive somewhere for the first time, you tilt your head back, but you can’t quite bring yourself to stare at the edges, the corners, of the structure. You look at the doors and windows and feel as though you are two steps too far to your left. But when they become intimate, well-known, beloved to you, the walls change, the exterior is no longer to flat and too wide and too tall. It curls toward you as if in an embrace. The corners are not too high or too far; you know them intimately. You see eyes in the windows and you can look at the structure as a whole, look at your setting in its entirety. People are the same. Dean is the same.
“I did…” Dean murmurs back. The sky has the same smooth, velvety quality as the wine they have been drinking. Dean can almost taste it and this moment runs down the back of his throat thicker and sweeter than honey.
“Yes, that’s true. But I’ve been reading, and a man called Proudhon—” Dean’s stepped too close. Sam gives him a double take, and stops talking. “D—Dean,” he says, face falling from its animation and passion. “I didn’t—I thought you’d—”
“What’s your name?” Dean asks, voice hardly above a nervous tremor. The shepherd blinks with surprise, but it’s warm, it’s limb-curlingly warm.
“—And I’d spend the whole time thinking about Jimmy,” Dean’s skin prickles, ice drenches his insides as he says the man’s name, “—and—it’d kill me,” he laughs nervously. “I wouldn’t get
Dean glances down to his car again. He starts pushing it along the carpet and makes it crash into another. He makes a loud noise for the crash, and his mom giggles, crouching down on the floor in front of him.
Dean isn’t sure he wants to think about what the smirk means. He glances out onto the corridor and is bewildered to see Cas literally lying, fast asleep, on the floor.
Dean is taken aback by the knight’s tone. He straightens up where he sits, tilting his head to the side.
Dean, a different kind of everything. Perhaps it’s that clamping down on the slip of his true form, Castiel is distracted, and distracted again by the brash and brutish way Dean fights, out here. He fights like he believes, as a human in purgatory, he’s something special and not something vulnerable and delicate as spun glass.
“Oh, pretty okay, huh, Aiden?” Dean repeats, chuckling. “Wow, praise indeed. Thanks for that. I’ll try not to let my head get
“So he could stay in Gabriel’s room?” Castiel suggests. “What are you scared of? Your little brother cramping your style?”
Dean’s parents stand on opposite ends of the kitchen table. Mary’s hands are on her hips. Dean nearly flinches at the mention of his name, and his whole insides coil up with guilt.
too many times? Or the waitress who called him pretty? Or the guy in the apartment the floor below us, who said Cas should check out his typewriter ‘
“I’m sorry I was gone so long… I suppose I was scared. I didn’t know, didn’t realise, how much you—”
“He’ll be fine,” Castiel reassures. “I’ll look for him. He can’t have gotten far. Has he ever done this before?”
“Hey,” a voice says above Castiel, rather appropriately interrupting his thoughts of melancholy with a reminder of what—or rather, who, first caused them. “I got you—”
“I don’t wanna hear it, that’s such a—I don’t know—conflict of interest? Is that what it is? Is it a conflict of interest, Cas?”
“Yes, very beautiful,” Bobby continues with a nod. “You’d be lucky, to find so beautiful a lady, Dean,” he says. Dean looks down, a heat flashing at his temples.
He sinks into functional desperation: he drinks every night, alcohol to burn away his sorrows, wakes every morning, head a dull and thrumming ache, and beats his way through the day. He hugs Miracle tight at every opportunity. He fills out job applications. He misses Jack. He misses Cas. He cooks dinner for Sam and Eileen and barely eats.
“Chambers,” Dean says. “I—I know friends of yours. The Penryns. I mended their roof,” he says, and Chambers’ face washes with a little recognition. “I know—I mean I’ve
of his reply. What are his options? What should he say? “It’s cool, I only said what I said because I love you and I’m still hurting”, “When I said that you didn’t know anything, what I meant was that I never told you how I felt about you—how I STILL feel about you”, “You know those songs you heard me play? I wrote them about you. How could you not know that?”, and one, one that keeps buzzing through his head like an angry phone call: “Do you still love me? Can you forgive me?”
“Could do,” Dean nods. “Miracle needs a walk, though. Cas, you wanna join me? We gotta work off this breakfast, anyway,” he laughs, “in time for dinner in—”
Ellen shoots him a quietly grateful look. Dean knows what she thinks about conflict and war. While there was a time where Dean would have disagreed completely, he definitely understands her views now. In fact, he shares them—as much as he no longer believes in the nobility of Angels, he also no longer believes in the nobility of battle.
Not looking where he’s going, but instead at the floor, Dean practically crashes into Castiel at the top of the stairs. Castiel, who is staring back down the corridor to Lisa’s room with an expression bitter melancholy and mingled determination. Castiel, who Dean can’t help but love, really and truly love like nothing else in the world. What does that mean? What does it mean to love someone, the way Dean loves Cas? Is it too much for happiness? Is there so much love, that there is no room, neither for joy, nor peace?
If you've read this far you'll probably be aware that this chapter is a heavy one. I promise there will be soft calm moments of catharsis in the next to make up for this one. And also a happy ending.
“You’re going?” Mara looks up at Dean, big light brown eyes suddenly infused with a childish sadness that makes Dean shrink with guilt. “But you only just got here—and I wanted to show you how big Beth has gotten!”
clear, then, that if he didn’t like it, he could leave. I should’ve stuck up for you the way you deserved. I was trying, that day—but in the end I decided on being too weak.”
“You always keep your promises?” Dean almost grins, but Castiel can tell that pulling expression is painful for him.
And now he’s gone. He said he loved him. Now he’s gone. Just like all of them. Just like everyone Dean—just like everyone who makes the mistake of—
“You’ll call me Beloved, then?” David asked, peering at Michael innocently, intently. Michael had never met another creature like this stable boy; both rude and earnest and invested. Humans were hardly ethereal, indeed, they were of the soil itself, and David was certainly rugged and earthy. But there was something in him, perhaps in his intensity or strangeness—he whispered to the horses at intervals, interrupting the ebb and flow of his and Michael’s conversations, and claimed to understand them. This something—animated and new to Michael—rendered the boy not only Human, but heavenly. “At least, in your tongue?”
“It’s probably my favourite room there, too. It has a slightly domed roof, not unlike your library, although ours isn’t made of glass, as yours is.”
ask you so she’d lay off. But only because that would mean physically removing you from her, and showing her that
The men were so drunk, and—poisoned by hate—they couldn’t even see it for the bullshit it was. All lies. But they didn’t care, they had someone to beat, and beat, and beat,” his throat closes up at the memory, “—and it was me,” he looks up at Castiel. “And it was nearly death. It only wasn’t, because, because I managed to rouse myself from their kicks. It was the thought of what my father would say. Word would travel. Word would travel like shame. That’s what made me run,” Dean looks at Castiel, eyes seared with white-hot tears, “not wanting to live,” he says. “I ran because I was scared of what he’d think of me. Not because I wanted to live.”
“Your first time in the sea!” Dean exclaims with a beam, pulling his tee over his head. His hair is roughened by the motion. Castiel could write hymns about the angles it curls out at. “I can’t believe it’s taken you so long!”
“Twenty-five?” Mr Singer repeats with an incredulous look. He has finally made it over to where Dean stands—Dean realises he probably should have approached the other man himself, but all too late. He steps away from his chair just in time for Mr Singer to reach out and clap his shoulder quickly, cane still in hand, before regaining his balance. “And no wife? No sweetheart?”
Next chapter ought to be up on the 26th, maybe before then, but I can't promise anything (sorry!) I've got a lot of uni application stuff going on, but that'll be over by this week :)
“And you think this friend of yours is what I’ve been looking for? The final piece in the puzzle that will stop my currently-pretentious, dispassionate, uncompelling coming-of-age movie sucking proverbial dick?”
Dean continues learning from the shepherd—more and more. The man is like a still, wide river. He runs deep. Dean has spent day in, day out with the man for a month, now—and still he cannot claim to know more than a few inches of those yawning depths.
expecting Michael to betray him. And Michael looks afraid with the veil of performance he must now wear. What matters is that he does wear it. Dean thinks to give him a steeling, steadfast look—the kind of look Cas would give—but with no more than a flicked out gesture, Chuck has brushed Sam and Dean backward as if they were no more than air.
Jack offers to help make dinner. Because Claire’s away Dean points out that they can make something with
Cas flicks through the book, bright blue eyes singing intensity. They always do this when he’s concentrating, and Dean always watches, fascinated. He can’t help it, has never been able to, knows that Castiel is the best, most brilliant, most awesome, most beautiful person on the planet. And he chose
Dean’s hard enough now that it hurts. It hurts and burns and his breath is deep and low as Castiel reaches down below Dean’s naval and strokes soft and confident.
“It seems that way,” Castiel confirms. “But…” He starts, and isn’t sure where this is going, “give him time. Give him time.”
“Of course I do,” he confirms. Dean tangles his hand with the shepherd’s. “It was the first night I had call or cause to touch you. It was treasured, to me. Of course I recognise it.”
He packs a bag and carries the boombox by hand all the way to the treehouse, all through the fields and forest out of town, down the stream, over rocks and broken sticks and undergrowth. He climbs the ladder one handed and lays everything out on the floor. He even lines up two plastic cups for the wine.
in fact reduce him. “Cas I’m so sorry,” Dean shakes his head, and Castiel’s breath stammers over itself. “I know it’s too late,” he confesses brokenly. “But I hope it’s not, not
“The Plains,” Novak says, seriously, “in offering no sense of a ‘beyond’, no sense of hope, either.”
Cas doesn’t answer, but holds on tight. Dean’s lips closed, he stares out into the hazy mauve light.
“I don’t believe it,” Cas shakes his head, and leans forward to brush his lips against Dean’s. Dean beams against his mouth.
reform, his actions have been questionable.” Sam reads, plenty, and the kick of it is that he’s been using Alastair’s own library to read about which laws the man’s apparently been violating. Certainly Bobby wouldn’t have many stored in the Eyrie: from what Dean has heard of her Karen seemed more partial to fiction rather than the Rights of Man. Sam fixes Dean with a sincere and pleading look as they walk through long grass which dusts their legs with cool dew. “He isn’t good, Dean,” Sam says, and Dean knows that he means it. “He’s nothing good.”
“Would you tell any of your students that it’s bad, or weak, to feel things?” Castiel presses. Dean sips awkwardly on his coffee, averting his gaze.
—Dean clamps up at mention of the name. “Who, speaking of,” Sam smiles—not wide and smug like Dean expects, but cracked and soft and gently curious, “you’re seeing this evening.” Sam quirks his eyebrows softly. “You got a gameplan?”
because Dean won’t leave him. And so this means putting himself in harm’s way, because harm has come his way, because of Castiel. Proximity to him is a danger, one that Dean stubbornly shoulders and Castiel is forced to fight with a tripled force: force for his own life, force for his own mistakes, and force for his own love for Dean. So now, the impossible task: a venture through the jaws of purgatory, to an escape hatch which might not exist, might not open, and might not fit at least two of Dean’s companions. A death wish in the place monsters go to die. A death wish for a hunted angel who cannot hold the grip he scrapes for on the human body Dean recognises as his friend.
“If you read, Dean could sing her a lullaby,” Daniel interjects, filling the sink with hot water. “You sing, right Dean? She’d
Not long after adopting Jack, Cas and Dean lie in the darkened bedroom, night draped like velvet around them.
For the first time in his life, Dean’s head feels like a good place to inhabit. It’s not dangerous, there are no dark shadows creeping about its walls in sharp, insect-like movements, no fires fraying the edges or burnt against the sky outside its windows. Someone—
“Thank you,” Dean says, earnestly. He bites down on his pride. He focuses on his gratitude. “That’s—I’m so grateful—”
“I’m not saying I’m not a twisted person, Winchester,” her expression hardens significantly. “But if you dare look at me as though I am anything less than you, again, I will declare war on you and all your allied lands and prove still more of my worth through bloodshed.”
“We’ll need to get a shepherd in for these, of course,” Bobby says as they stand at a stile and look out at the bleating animals. Dean frowns.
“And I love you…” Castiel replies, looking down. And he means it, though Dean couldn’t possibly comprehend quite how much. “And you’re
did look over it before giving it to Castiel, something for which Castiel is one part grateful and two parts furious. So what could it contain?
“Well, he showed it to me,” Dean’s ears heat, “as proof, I guess, ‘cause I wasn’t ready to believe him. And um—yeah. Yeah.”
“John,” the boy smirked, as if reading her mind. “My name is John. And you seem a little lost for words, today. Is there any reason for that?”
“You okay, dude?” Sam asks, leaning forward, smiling kind, earnest, affectionate. Dean looks up at him and shakes his head.
He stands again, tears threatening to spill over the edges of his eyes, clouding his vision and stinging his nerves.
“Mr Winchester,” he says, and oh, his voice is more soft and tender than Dean ever deserved, least of all now. “Are you alright?”
The earth not his home. Surely not heaven. Surely he couldn’t—not with Dean’s poison heart, not with the weight of everything he’s done: if he tried to tread on the soil beyond those metaphorical pearly gates, he’d sink through, clean through. His heart is too heavy. They weight is too heavy.
it!” Dean bellows, still fiercely attempting to wrench himself free, drunkenly, in thick sheets of sleet.
“Please say if it’s not—I’m sure we can find someone else,” Michael bows his head to both Dean and Ellen as he speaks.
“Whatever you say, Cassie,” Gabriel says in mock-surrender, holding up his hands in some kind of sign of a teasing defeat. “Still hung up on Dean, are we?”
“Obviously, Mr Novak left out a couple of important details when he told you about marriage. Marriage is for
“No,” Michael frowned, expression hardening with his gaze. “You will not call him that. You will not call any of them that. Lucifer, my brother, I love you dearly—you know this. I would much desire to see you, and often, during my life with David—”
“I don’t know what happened,” Anna repeats, voice stopping him at the door. Dean turns to look at her again. “But he misses his friend. I didn’t—know you very well, Dean,” she seems to struggle for her words. “Only met you at a couple of thanksgivings and birthday parties. But Castiel—” She bristles, uncertain. “This is something you can fix. I know it.”
“No,” Dean leans back with a grin, rolling his eyes. His wooden chair creaks. Still, their hands are tangled.
And Cas is right. New life is bursting from the cracks everywhere: dandelions between the rocks of the drystone walls, lambs bouncing and tumbling about the rolling grasses, calves of the few cattle they own, buds and sprigs which seem to birth the very idea of green. The reading lessons move on to Shelley and then to Austen: Dean is glad that when reading about love and longing, aloud, to Cas, he now finds himself able to lean forward and brush his lips against the shepherd—and wherever he chooses. Lips, cheek, neck. By the spring sheep dip, Dean is able to read whole pages without stumbling or stopping—the only thing which stops him now, or one of the only things, is the distraction which Castiel himself presents. Sometimes their lessons take place in the cradle of one another’s arms, in bed, instead of at the table of the croft; Dean reading aloud to Castiel, his back pressed against the shepherd’s chest, Cas’s warm sweet breath in his hair.
“He’s the best thing in my life,” Dean answers. Michael puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder, which neither of them seem to have expected. They go up to the bar to get another drink, but Michael gets distracted by Hael.
“Uh-huh,” Jimmy confirms, killing the engine, and Castiel feels the hope glow a little brighter. But his daddy glances back at Castiel and sees which direction he’s looking in. “No, Cassie, sorry—not that one.”
Dean nods, swallowing. Alastair’s eyes are cold as steel but something seems to spark and flicker just behind them.
“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this,” he sighs, frowning, gripping tighter at the wheel in an unfamiliar nervous anticipation. Grief and fear twist in dull, throbbing pains at his insides.
God must want to reject them. Surely there is one, at least one, who might look into Dean’s heart and not call it repugnant. Might even call it beautiful.
“I—I’ve been a fool,” he says again, and stands to face Castiel. The sky above them trembles. The river sweeps silently by. “I must have been afraid—there’s no—how could I doubt you? How could I—” but he cuts himself off, swallowing sharply. It seems difficult. The world smells of decay. All the knowledge in the world, all of Castiel’s knowledge and footing and everything he had considered certain, slips away from him.
It would make writing about Dean’s adventures much easier if Castiel was there, with him, as they happened—and anyway, he likes the thought of doing big and exciting things with Dean, even if ordinarily he prefers to stay on his own. He thinks that, if Dean were anything or anyone else, Castiel would probably prefer to stay out of his adventures.
“Don’t think on it,” the shepherd repeats. “I suppose I shan’t see you tomorrow, to learn of the sheep?”
And a new hand, old hand, pure hand—not Alastair’s hand—a hand he thinks now that he’s always known but when it first touched him, Dean must have been a lost and broken thing, is pressed hard to his shoulder, holds on tight, and a voice says
Uriel asked. He quirked an eyebrow at Jael, who bristled and felt tempted to take a step back. Instead, they stood their ground.
jealous. Especially—” He stops, and shakes his head, looking away, out onto the street and out toward the green house, again. “I… I kept on blaming myself, ‘cause things only started going wrong when they—when
“Um…” The chews his bottom lip. He looks suddenly nervous and uncomfortable. “There are different types?”
“Probably because I am,” Jo admits, grinning, and Dean attempts to give her a severely unimpressed look, but it fails miserably, which only makes Jo laugh all the more.
“Cas is fine,” Dean frowns, defensive. Then, catching himself, “I’ll make sure he gets enough sleep. But go on. Head to bed, kiddo.”
“We don’t need one,” Dean shakes his head quickly, not looking at Bobby, continuing to glare at the stranger.
So what he can do, now, on Cas’s roof, sat beside his dark-haired friend, is be a comfort. Even in the face of something he hopes he never has to understand.
desperate not to fuck up again. And when we became close, as close as we were, I think it was really intense. So, like, neither of us would go into anything romantic casually. That’s what I mean. I mean—I think—we’re pretty certain about each other. Even though it’s early days.” His face is burning. “Cas… How do I… I’m pretty sure that guy’s my soulmate, if you believe in them.”
“I don’t know…” Dean admits, heart moving like it’s made of wings, flickering nervous and defeated against the bars of his chest. “Nothing feels very clear any more…” He sniffs.
And the voice rips at his throat but at least rips him into consciousness, into a new room, his room, a room which is real and not—a dream, or memory?
“I saw the way you were looking at him, yesterday,” Ellen laughs. “And the way the two of you were talking over dinner.”
“I should remind you, Your Majesty, that to my siblings and myself, that counts as blasphemy,” Castiel growls.
Cas sings his Coventry Carol. His voice is even more cracked than usual by the smoke he must have inhaled last night. All the faces round the table hang heavy.
“A haunting time of year, for men lonely as me,” he confesses, then adds, “but made that much warmer, by present company.”
Castiel takes a step back, away from the bottom of the stairs, eyes burning, as Mary attempts to plead with him. Castiel should go—
“When are you gonna get that elevator fixed, Dean?!” She groans, dropping it on the couch and imitating Dean in grabbing a drink to cool off.
“Like we learnt in school. It’s just water that’s evaporated, coming back down to earth. And that’s just like Jimmy. And that’s just like grief.”
Dean’s right leg has been broken in two places—when he was trampled on by a passing, panicked horse—and his ankle and shin fractured when he fell off of his own. Dean tells Castiel he never brings Impala into battle. He says that because she is a mare, she isn’t as strong as some of the other stallions—but there’s something else. Dean cares about his horse too much to see her killed as so many steeds are in combat.
Cathy is moved back into Bobby’s study the next day, in the wake of Sir Alastair’s absence. Dean is the one to do this for him, and holds the bird warily on his forearm as he carries her to her perch, back in its place beside his desk. She wears a hood over her eyes and bristles and cocks her head at every movement and sound. Dean doesn’t want to lose an eye, and his resentment of the risk to his health is heightened by the knowledge that the bird, in fact, belongs to their wealthy and knighted and apparently dangerously proud neighbour.
Dean’s head is pounding with everything he has just learnt. It feels like a betrayal—it feels like more of a betrayal than it did when he
He hasn’t seen the new house yet but he imagines its mean face: windows glaring out at him like a scowl, bricks meeting too closely and yet rooms too wide and gaping to feel welcoming.
“Mmh,” Dean groans, apparently unable to focus his gaze on the seatbelt to be able to put it in right. “This is hard…”
He turns back to the crowd of people, all wishing to congratulate Dean, and falters slightly when he sees Castiel’s oldest brother.
While Michael fawned over the newborn boy just as he had once fawned over Anna when she was an infant, only with even
“’Cause Ellen, duh,” Sam laughs, “she won’t shut up about how excited she is. You wanted it to be a secret?”
“If you’re offering,” the shepherd teases. Still, his hands are wrapped around Dean’s. Dean laughs again, insides warm in spite of the blizzard.
Casie isn’t, however, given another second to dissect his older brother’s mood or actions, because Dean has grabbed hold of his hand and tugged him excitedly through the door.
“What do you think?” He shakes his head affectionately. “He adored you. He would’ve loved to have had you as part of the family—we were lucky he didn’t force us into an arranged marriage.”
It’s shit, like, totally shit. So shit that the eyes of the crowd in front of him look more than just glazed over. Dean had a good thing going, performing here, and now he’s fucked it up with one self indulgent performance of his own shitty music. What the fuck is wrong with him?!
“I have to go—” Sam stutters quietly—Dean hears the sound of him fumbling around in his room, something falling onto the floor, before he swings open the door, stepping in-between it and his room, so that Dean is unable to see the insides of Sam’s quarters.
“Dean fights fires, now,” Castiel says. Claire smirks at his words. “And his shifts seem… unnecessarily long…”
“What’s happening?” Dean asks, heart rising and beating, hard and sharp against his chest, though he doesn’t know why. His head begins to feel foggy. The sound, the sky—it’s so familiar. Too familiar.
“Forever,” Dean says, “don’t—please don’t—all I want, is—wait,” he frowns. “Don’t you—won’t you have to, I don’t know, do your angel business, help out in the new heaven?”
“You’re letting me stay with you,” Anna points out with a laugh, “for free. The least I can do is do a little work for it.
Jo pushes her way in front of Dean before he is able to escape behind the bar into one of the storerooms.
yield, Dean?” He pants, on top of the Human, his legs on either side of Dean’s body, trapping him—but the grin is still fixed upon Dean’s features, which Castiel finds almost
Dean hisses. “Not if you don’t act like it. Parents can sacrifice parenthood, that happens—a parent can disown a kid—and believe me, I know John nearly did—but a kid can disown a parent, too. People—parents—can forfeit up the rights to it—”
“Right,” Castiel looks down at his plate properly for the first time now. “And what type of meat is this?” He asks again, gesturing down to it.
At least Dean did his father proud in war. Dean did something right. He never thought he’d be able to say that about himself—and the King was
The day before his birthday Dean’s music for Balthazar’s film is nominated for an Academy Award. Ellen calls
The green eyed boy looks prettier than ever, now that Castiel knows for certain that Dean will never love him back. Amber sunlight of the early evening sails down from above to the earth and washes Castiel’s white house in a brilliant shade of orange, Dean’s hair lighter, his freckles more pronounced, his skin swimming in gold, his eyes a fire of green and glittering yellow.
But Dean was always cleverer than anyone gave him credit for. He’s driving at something now, that Castiel cannot access. But Castiel can try.
“A noble lesson,” Mary smiled wider. “But we’re among friends, as you’ve said—would it be possible to practice honesty over restraint, on this occasion?”
a guest, after all,” Dean smiles. His smile turns into a grin when he looks out, in front of him, and sees servants bringing in another course.
“He’s definitely getting better,” she states, her voice barely above a whisper. “He sleeps most of the time. But it’s the
to congratulate him. The day of Dean’s birthday they’re going on a tour-of-Scotland-roadtrip, lasting a couple of days. For the first stop, Cas drives him out of the centre of Edinburgh and won’t stop brimming with excitement.
“Well, I’ve been able to spend so much of it with you,” he reminds. “For the first time in a while.”
“Right,” Dean sighs. The cover of the trees shrouds them in darkness, he turns his phone light on as they make their way down the trampled, dirt path, sticks and small branches splintering under their feet. The air smells like the top layer of soil. “I guess… I don’t know. I guess a lot of things froze for me, the night my dad died. I had a lot of trouble moving past them—and still do—‘cause, like—the word closure is so corny, and I hate it, but—I didn’t get any closure on a lot of things with him. Sometimes I wish he was still alive, so we could just talk it out, so I could’ve seen him change his mind about stuff. If he ever would. And that’s the thing—other times I’m glad he’s not still alive, ‘cause I think, if he hadn’t died, I never would’ve seen him change his mind about stuff, and it would’ve killed me. I would’ve seen him, forever, never changing, and I would’ve been so afraid—so afraid, to say who I was, in front of him, even if he already knew it in his heart…” Dean looks up at the sky, shrouded as it is by trees. The white cold light of his phone snags underneath his jaw. “I know I’m being vague,” he says, voice trembling.
“Why?” The green eyed boy asks. His face, not committing to a frown, moves in slow fluid motion in which his mouth twitches wider open, before closing, Dean swallowing thickly. Is he nervous?
and still Castiel remembers how he felt when he first saw it, stunned with disbelief; a tattoo of the place Castiel seared into his skin when he was returning Dean’s soul to his form and wedding them together, knitting them back into being and carving Enochian blessings onto Dean’s ribcage on an impulse of protection he didn’t understand then, but does, now.
They’ve put the idea of fostering another child to bed—Dean, with some sorrow, Castiel, with some resolve. Dean, Castiel, and Claire, as a tight little family unit, is a happy one, and it shouldn’t matter. It doesn’t matter—what matters is that they’re happy,
caused all of this! How dare you call me a fool, when—” everyone turns to him again, aghast, but Michael ignores him and continues.
He glances up at Castiel, as though the dark-haired man should have something to say at this; something scathing about Dean’s achievements or education, but now Castiel’s heart aches at the thought that Dean is so disappointed in himself and ashamed of the path his life has taken.
Castiel repeats. And then the anger simmering below the surface of his mind begins to bubble and boil again, and Castiel clenches his fists tight around the sheets he hadn’t realised he’s been holding.
but warm with, longsuffering toward, his brother and sister, tender with the young he passed in the street and generous toward them, respected and admired, restrained as he could be in spite of the volatile and melancholic shimmer of his soul…
“What do you mean?” He asks, tilting his head to the side—and the innocence of the action makes Dean think that he was
In the journey so far, he’d near enough forgotten how drunk he was, but he remembers it at what Dean says next.
He tosses Dean out of his grip, now, and the Human straightens up and lunges at Castiel, but the Angel anticipates the move and dodges it, flipping Dean onto the ground.
was like a dad to me—even before, but especially after that. So both of you can fuck yourselves—when I say it’s been a hard month, I’m not saying it for sympathy, I’m saying it so you both leave me the
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean waves him off. “I’d uh—” He opens the door and gets out. Castiel does the same. “I’d best go see my mom. But I’ll—see you around?”
Smiles beside the fire are made wistful for the moment they already inhabit. Life, Castiel realises, is made for the hours like this: when you dwell in a moment you know you will become nostalgic for. He doesn’t know much about humanity, but he thinks he knows this. Here on earth is the small space of heaven. And they have built it. He, and Dean, and the pieces, people, of their tapestry family.
“For—teasing you about being a virgin. You know…” Dean glances away uncomfortably, now, but he’s still on top of Castiel, apparently too unaware to even consider moving, right now.
don’t move on, you just take smack until you lose all your friends, and occasionally overdose and then refuse counselling and rehab, and you cry and drop out of law school and—”
“Ah,” Castiel waves a hand dismissively, “Jimmy would want me to support you—as long as you were comfortable with it.”
“Colt was pissed,” Dean rolls his eyes, suddenly continuing as they make their way out onto the hall, “because apparently I was tryin’ to
“Reckon those are questions you should ask him yourself, don’t you?” Dean’s mommy glances back at him, her eyes sparking the way they always do when she laughs, only now she doesn’t laugh, only smiles warmly.
“It would seem so,” she steadied herself, “and yet you ask me that, having just spoken far more unkindly to me, and without provocation. I wonder why it is you expected me not to react.”
Finished with their work for the day, Dean and Castiel weave through the cool of the Eyrie, away from the beat of sunlight, into the drawing room. Elowen can be heard with her starsong singing before they’re even in the room.
Dean follows after him. Bobby shows them the farm—large, if in mild disrepair, rugged by the nature of the land and the nature of the neglect it has suffered: golden wheat and barley fields loping over the hills. The more rugged of these hills, untenable, are littered with sheep.
As expected, Dorothy looks incredibly stylish, in—what is it? An all white, sleeveless and shoulderless playsuit with wide, long legs, and a lace trail half concealing her waistline. Charlie wears something similar, though hers has no lace, her shoulders are covered, and she wears a crown of yellow flowers set beautifully against her bright red hair.
Children’s books, for when Elanor and Jacob ask him to read to them. It’s difficult to find ones they both like—Elanor the verbal, Jacob the visual, have very different demands for a good story.
Cas and Dean both take the day off work. After making the pizza dough, they go and play mini-golf, and Claire starts teasing Dean, and making fun of him, and seems strung out too, just like Dean and Castiel are, but like she’s trying hard to settle into this. Or not trying
Gabriel’s head popping through the trapdoor is enough to make all three of them jump and let out cries of surprise.
Dean has Jo, too, the closest thing to a friend outside of his family—even if she is several years younger than him. Mature, funny Jo who believes Dean to be so capable that she doesn’t even feel the need to
“Right? I had this image, for months while you were gone, of us being reunited that way when you arrived back home. Then when Gabriel was like ‘I wanna come pick up Cas, too!’ all of those got dashed… But then, in the moment, it didn’t even matter that there were people there to see. I just—” He laughs. “I wanted to kiss the man I love.”
“Yes,” Lucifer replies, dispassionately. “Azazel was interrupted, and so failed his task. And as I had to leave for Evadne, I didn’t have the time to rectify his mistake.”
What is Dean singing about? A long lost love, Castiel thinks. Definitely—but who? Broken promises and missed chances and the foolishness of youth—is this Lisa that Dean has captured in song? His first real girlfriend and, most likely, first love?
The lines forming Michael’s face harden at this. Castiel dislikes it when they do that—he dislikes every time he has to find his brother threatening, every time his brother takes off the calm and still exterior to reveal the rigid outlines of a King.
“So they were making out, and Samandriel says, totally by accident, that he loves Castiel! He totally didn’t mean to, it just, like, fell out. How adorable? Isn’t that
“Great,” Ellen smiles, and Castiel, with his heart rate racing in his ears, had practically forgotten that she was present. “I’ll go down and get Dean something to eat, and Castiel can do this.”
“Pain pain?” Ellen asks softly, eyes tender as she smiles at Dean. He nods reluctantly. She sits down on the couch with him.
he reminds, but something about his tone is melancholic, and Castiel bows his head as his brother exits.
“Yes…” Castiel murmurs. He looks down. His heart aches. His heart aching has become the music of his life, this past year.
“Right,” Dean nods, sat at the corner of his four-poster bed with a book he found on the table in the other room open in his right hand. He has only been flitting mindlessly through it these past few minutes. “And where is that?”
Castiel flips them so that he is on top, pinning Dean’s wrists while the other man struggles beneath him. “And it’s
How could it take ten years to figure out? Probably because Dean is so easy, all of him is so easy, so interesting, Castiel never had to be distracted by
“Good choice,” Dean whispers to no one in particular, although certainly glances at Castiel as he says it.
It hardly ought to matter, now that Castiel thinks about it, that Dean no longer loves him. The admittedly wondrous few years of his life where the world was dancing with hope are now long over; it is as it is. And Dean, so stubborn and angry so much of the time is now lost, at least to Castiel, forever. Castiel wanders through a sodden grey square of the palace, feet making an ugly sound against weathered white slabs of rock, looking up at the dreary grey sky. The clouds hang so big and heavy that it is almost suffocating; Castiel cannot see the sun yet something about the sky above him is oddly pale. Instead of a dark grey, it is nearly white, wispy and delicate. The rain is heavy for how vast it is, but each drop is finer than hair.
“Actually, Meg, I don’t really think that’s helping,” Castiel glares, noticing Dean’s bewildered, worried look.
“Hurry up,” she says, nodding to the pile, completely unchopped. Dean swallows, heart still pounding, and turns back to the chopping board. He cuts the first onion in half. Claire speaks. “I’m reserving the right to be pissed at you, by the way.” Her voice is hard and hurt. Dean nods.
“And it was brave, Cas—damn, I can’t get over how brave it was! To share yourself, like that, to share your dad and your relationship with your dad, like that. It’s a beautiful collection. I love it—and I know I’m not exactly a connoisseur, not an expert on this stuff. If anything, me praising it probably puts it down,” Dean jokes with a laugh, but Castiel shakes his head.
Shortly they are shown their quarters. Dean’s room has lace-thin curtains and he frowns in confusion—the drapes in his own room back in Hera are so thick and heavy that they require two grown men to carry them—but then he reminds himself: they’re on the edge of a desert. His sheets seem fairly thick, all things considered, and are laced again with this serpent-winding pattern. It would almost be ornate and beautiful if Dean didn’t find it so creepy. In the setting sunlight, creeping through the window in streams of orange like cautious fish swimming through dusty waters, the crimson snakes on Dean’s bedsheets are almost moving.
whose good opinion and affection may well save the farm in the near future—doesn’t Cas care? Does he even realise?
“Get out!” He shouts again. The shepherd tries to say his name again, but Dean can hardly hear him or register the heartbreak in his voice. “This is because of you, I’d be safe if it wasn’t for
“I’d never dream of meddling where I wasn’t wanted,” Cas’s expression becomes a flat plane. Dean instinctively reaches out across the table, a twitch of a movement, but Cas withdraws his hand from reach.
on not saying look exactly the same as the last ones, while Dean bites his tongue to stop himself from laughing.
This story was a good one, several centuries old, about an Angel who fell in love with a Human. Mary had said the Human was one of her ancestors but was, perhaps, joking.
He steps forward, forward again, and his boots slip out of his fingers. They land with a thump on the sand, thick and rich sounding, and loud enough, as Dean paces forward, to raise the dark-haired head in questioning curiosity.
And he lunges forward, off the separated pillar of earth, to Lucifer. He hits him with a crack and bolt of lighting—the white fire surges and flashes and the javelins of ice raining from the sky glance off their bodies. Michael aims a punch to a pinned Lucifer which cracks them into the earth but
Beside where the girl’s mother lay, before the child tried to carry her to safety herself, lies the limp form of Lee Chambers. Dean recognises him now, through the shroud of smoke.
“As it is,” the dark haired man continues coolly, the ghost of a leer creeping across his features and quiet amusement sliding across his pitch black eyes “I’ve been instructed to make you feel as at home as possible.”
“A Demon entered and killed my father,” Dean points out with a frown, suddenly remembering. “And the stones did nothing. How?”
“There’s a first time for everything,” Dean answers, and Jo finally lets him drag her onwards. The doors of the castle, those to the Entrance Hall, have been forced inwards, have fallen from their hinges, impossibly tall and broad as they are. The sight manages to make Dean, numb and angry as he is, feel like some small creature at the foot of some rotting monument. Those doors were higher than ten men.
as if this could ever be a useful suggestion, as if it could be anything other than ridiculous, as if anything could be anything other than ridiculous in the face of such a loss.
just so Dean would be able to hang out with all their old high school friends, again, without things being awkward.
“No,” Castiel answers shortly. And then, “But what about—I don’t know, would there be any way for, say, a lesbian to know the names of male porn stars, even if she didn’t watch any of that kind of porn?”
Their conversation is stilted and strange, Castiel can sense it, even if his skills in this realm are not the most refined. Something in it limps unevenly, a bruised or broken limb. Something is missing. Something unspoken.
Two Leviathan appear and Dean is shoved backwards down a gritty slope. The panic flaring at Castiel’s system sets the anchor of his human vessel reeling from his fingertips, once again. He fights clumsily and knows that Dean, scrambling up the slope only yards away, will be crushed if Castiel lets go of the human vessel and explodes into his trueform. But he can hardly control it. He’s nearly overcome for a moment before recovering, and Dean has scrambled up the slope and cuts the head from one Leviathan who has Castiel by the collar, before both of them turn to the second and kill this one, too. Smooth, albeit panicked movements, after fighting together for so many weeks as they travelled to the portal.
“I’ve no fear of thieves,” Novak offers, shrugging so small it’s like the fragments of movement offered by Bobby’s birds as they flitter about the wire bars of their cages. “I’ve little to my name, and still less worth stealing.”
When they pull into the hospital, Dean pukes again, onto the curb. It’s completely liquid and a strange, acidic colour; Castiel doubts very much whether he’ll remember any of the night, after all.
Dean shakes his head and takes a step back, but Castiel presses forward, closing the space created between them with just as much ease.
Dean wants to laugh, but can’t, the tears are streaming silent down his face, and he shakes his head, and asks,
He’d been having fun and forgetting about how sad his mommy was before she died, forgetting how much he missed her, thinking instead about happy things, like bees and playing tag and catch and rolling in soft, glowing grass until it left marks all over his and Dean’s clothing.
Dean’s father will spit whenever Dean thinks to bring this up. He would gesture bitterly, miserably, to the empty throne beside his own as he said this, and Dean will look down, tears sparking in his own eyes, bearing the weight of the discovery that
“More than anything,” Castiel confirms, and is struck by the radiating wonder of finding oneself at the precipice of a new and bright beyond. An
brownies, once upon a time. Loved them rich and chocolatey and so gooey they almost needed to be eaten through a straw, loved sitting somewhere warm and eating an entire fucking batch with Dean while they talked about life and school and—
The love of Dean’s life, who had made the mistake of deciding to settle into Dean’s world for fourteen years, none of which he would ever get back, who would regret it until he lay in the ground with his father, who had looked at Dean and seen him as he was, and somehow had still…
It doesn’t feel like any kind of time before Cas has to get his flight back to the UK. It’s been beautiful nights of limbs bound around bodies, faces pressed snug against chests. Evenings of laughter and dancing in each other’s bedrooms to slow music, dinners and long drives and adventures to make up for the echoes of the lost years. Cas reading to Dean while they sit in the warming light of morning on Dean’s bed, legs woven together. Cas’s hand tracing up and down Dean’s stomach as Dean stares at the ceiling and tells Cas he loves him. Cas pleading that they listen to the mixtape Dean made him, and Dean finally caving. Making out slowly to
So Cas tells them, speaking over the grumble of his stomach, hands shaking a little from low blood sugar as he signs, tells them about the truck that picked him up, the people he met, how he watched the dawn flare at the horizon. Eileen, Sam, and Jack, sit at the table with him.
“What were you doing, out in the cold?” Bobby asks, because a silence has grown like ice around the group.
“Right?” Charlie beams, though Castiel suspects she has little idea of what it is Bela means by any of these compliments. “And Dean thinks so too, don’t you, Dean?”
“Dean?” John taps Dean on his shoulder, and he snaps out of his daze. “This is King Michael,” he says, gesturing to the important looking Angel. “He’s the High King of Evadne. It’s an honour to have him here,” his father states rather pointedly, nodding once, politely at the Angel, who smiles humbly and returns the nod—it looks like his father wants Dean to react in some way, to say something, but Dean isn’t sure about what exactly he’s getting at.
The Angel looks up at this, and seems taken aback. They have crossed the courtyard, and Dean holds a door open for Castiel as they re-enter the castle.
“Getting a coffee, if that’s okay?” Lisa says, and Dean can’t tell if she’s teasing him or is offended.
go to war, again—no matter the cost to you, your brother, the Earthly Kingdoms—any of the Nine Kingdoms, in fact—no matter the cost to
the feeling was, only needed to bask in the feeling itself, and the feeling was enough. And the feeling, the feeling that woke Castiel in the middle of the night, the feeling that guts him and fills him now, that makes Dean’s sorrow so unbearable and so devastating… It is the feeling that was planted with him from the first; the moment Dean’s crooked smile appeared in the kitchen of Castiel’s new home, the moment Castiel’s new home
As the night winds down and people begin to leave, Dean and Cas sit at a long table with family members and close friends around them. They’ve continued drinking and Dean’s head is spinning pleasantly, he leans into Castiel as he sits and plays with his friend’s hands. Bela surprises the shit out of him by approaching and speaking.
‘I kissed Cas, Cas kissed me’—that’s the truth, ‘I kissed Cas, Cas kissed me, I never wanted it to end’, that’s the
“A lot of them are, yes,” Castiel nods. “We get leopards—clouded leopards, and in the colder parts of the mountains, snow leopards.”
But, like the slow unfurling of a fern to match the bright essential green of his eyes, Dean unravels slowly. When Castiel is stood over a pot with Sam, helping him with dinner, Dean approaches and presses a hand to Cas’s back, grazing his thumb in soft circles.
Dean doesn’t want to wait. Nervous anticipation is thrumming eagerly through him despite all his earlier pretences.
he wants to preserve this moment. Cas looking at him with his watercolour eyes, and watching him with love. “It was treasured to me, too,” he says.
“It’s getting cold,” Dean states, pausing the music and getting up to pull the tarpaulin they use as the treehouse’s roof over all four of its walls. He pulls out his sleeping bag and torch and hangs the latter up on a hook in the far corner of the treehouse from a loop of string at its handle. Castiel follows suit and gets into his sleeping bag, rubbing his eyes a little sleepily.
Dean watches as the servants, then advisers introduce themselves—he wonders if this is something the Angels do on purpose, if it is some kind of tradition—Dean’s father wouldn’t
“The thing about shooting stars?” Dean asks. “No,” he shakes his head. “We don’t believe in any of the stuff that you do about the stars. But I like what you think about them. It’s comforting.”
“Have the best rest of your wedding day, ever!” Dean shouts, as Castiel continues pulling at him to get his torso back inside the car whilst simultaneously trying not to crash. Charlie and Dorothy laugh and wave and shout out something in response to Dean’s farewell but of course do absolutely nothing to help out.
“Right,” Jack confirms. “I thought he was just being… a dad, for a while. But then I thought about what he said, about you missing me. So I tuned in to what you were saying, down here. Reconnected the line, if you like.” He looks at Dean. “And I realised the only way to get Cas back, here, was to come back, too. And… I realised he was probably right. I’m only three.”
“But I’m not going to be like that, now that—now that you’re in the equation,” Dean phrases the sentence awkwardly, and the words come slowly out of his mouth. Castiel watches as the Human winces at his own discomfort. “—I mean—I’m not gonna flirt with people, now that you and I are—” he pauses, and Castiel knows that both himself and Dean are asking themselves the same question. What
“Dean,” Castiel trembles. The sky trembles with him. What is there to say? What could he possibly say? Words are ash. “We are friends,” is all he finds himself able to answer. Is Dean relieved or disappointed? He seeps with something, in any case. The colour of his soul turns glassy. “We’ll always be friends.” He thinks of the streams in the Heran forests and how it felt to swim in them, to watch droplets of water chase themselves down the ridges of Dean’s body. “You’re not alone in this.”
“Did you read it from upside-down?” He asks, sounding very impressed. Dean feels tempted to lie, just from the expression on the other boy’s face, but knows that Castiel knows him well enough to recognise when Dean isn’t being truthful.
“I’m not meaning to,” he says. His voice is gentle, nearly apologetic but also fringed with something else. “I’ll make sure not to, in future.”
Dean has given Castiel tattoos, too, on a stick and poke pen which made Castiel wince at a new physical pain he isn’t surprised he associated immediately with love.
“What do you mean?” Dean is speaking frantically, he can hear his own blood in his ears and he thinks his heart has risen to his mouth. The smell of the guards’ blood catches sickeningly on the air, an iron tang in the freezing room.
being healthy about all of this, and Dean, Dean, worthless Dean, worthless Dean unworthy of all that Castiel laid at his feet… Dean drinks. Amber and golden-brown liquid which burns away the ice walls around his heart as the evening sinks into night, sinks into early morning, and Dean takes out his knife and sets his shuddering jaw and carves out the name he was too afraid, for years, to set alongside his own.
serious. You would, Dean, if you saw the way she treated children. Especially those she didn’t like. So I pick up the pistol and I point it at her. Say I don’t want any trouble. And I
“Think first,” Castiel answers, unable to stop himself from tracing, with his gaze, the exact poppy-petal curvature of Dean’s lower lip. “Then want.”
“So what, half a year of absence, and then you won’t even hang out with me?” Claire asks. There’s no flexibility to her words, it’s all indignance. Dean nearly squirms.
“There’s no need for explanations,” the shepherd looks away, and out, across the sea. Dean wonders how long it would take, from here, to sail to Ireland. To the shepherd’s old home. He wonders if Castiel is thinking of the same thing. He wonders if Castiel regrets ever meeting Dean, or choosing to love him.
organised it—it was, primarily, Sir Robert and myself who planned the betrothal. But in any case; the uniting of our two races was planned—to strengthen relations with your Earthly Realms, after so many generations of silence.”
and grating, and we need generous people more than we need rich people. We need the kind and the insightful and the nurturing and the funny, way more than we need the famous. Take it from me.”
On the TV, Scooby and Shaggy are preparing a tower of pancakes, opening their mouths in their trademark way, stupidly big, to eat them all at once. Jack is grinning.
What has he done to deserve this kind of warmth? “Yes, Dean,” Castiel confirms. “More than okay. Very—it’s very thoughtful of you. All of this. I’d almost forgotten how thoughtful you were.
Those words echo through Castiel’s mind, rattle around his skull and make it feel hollow and bitter.
“So you should write poetry,” Cas has appeared at Dean’s side again as he steps off stage. Dean would jump out of his skin if he wasn’t feeling so downtrodden.
Dean thinks—and Dean can’t even blame him. Anyone with any sense would love Cas. But why does Cas have to love
They both laugh and giggle and Dean threads his hands through Castiel’s hair, his eyes fluttering, and they kiss and kiss like and their kisses are like stars in the sky, bright and beautiful and without number.
He called Jody ahead, said he was coming by. Didn’t say why. She sounded guarded over the phone, like she was pissed at Dean for his months of silence. But she was soft, too. She knows grief. And Dean has been drowned by it.
“Yeah, but it looks like she invited the whole school,” Dean rolls his eyes. “I don’t think she’s gonna miss me.”
“Well, as I said: I found the Demon. Myth turned out to be truth—or at least partly so. Thus, without any further formalities, I introduce to you, Cain,” he gestures to the doors which swing immediately open—Dean actually thinks that the Angel is
“And why do you think girls aren’t supposed to fight?” Dean asked quickly, voice soft. Jo gauged his expression for a moment, attempting to decipher what it was he truly thought about Jo’s desire to learn to duel. Did he think it foolish? Did he think it frivolous? Did he think it a joke, and all because Jo was a girl? Or did he take it seriously, but only because it was Jo who asked, and not any other girl? Perhaps this question of his was an attempt on Dean’s part to get Jo to separate herself from the other girls in the kingdom, to tell Dean that she was somehow different to the rest, stronger, better, braver—but Jo didn’t want to do that. Those girls were her sisters, her cousins, her god-sisters—at least in her mind. But what would Dean think of her refusal to distance herself from all the women who had never learned to fight?
Dean sits on his bed and Castiel joins him—something which the Human looks relieved at, pulling Castiel tightly around him again, the Angel still feeling shocked, himself.
“I will return to the castle,” he looked at the ground instead of at the Human. “I—I am sorry for bothering you.”
Love is a returning, constantly, a departure and return to old sites, old rituals, a creation of traditions to form a sacred, unholy liturgy. Each love is a new religion. When Castiel realised he had fallen, that not all the might and muscle and panic of flared wings could still his descent, he realised that he marked these circles, these orbits of his life, around Dean. New observances, new hymns: sipping drinks only because they were Dean’s favourites, a new kind of communion wine, picking up Dean’s small idioms like dropped coins—even loving, even loving was a ritual learned from Dean.
“Exactly!” Sam exclaims. “They work with consulting the dead and the lost spirits—it’s all conscious effort. They work at their gifts for years! But I’ve always had this! I’ve never developed it—and I’ve never even been able to acknowledge it—but if it’s not how
Jimmy presses a hand to Dean’s shoulder. Cas’s dad isn’t particularly tall and is a little skinny, but the hand still feels as big and warm as the sun.
Dean says again, every sinew of his body rolling, now, as his head dips to hide behind his arm, “F—ungh—yeah…”
want them to find her beautiful at any and every given moment, for the content of her heart and soul—not just if her clothing was immaculate and face free of dirt smudged over it.
“Yeah. Yeah,” Dean agrees, breathless, thoughts stolen from his lungs with his hand entwined with Cas’s. “Me too.”
And Michael gasped, trembled, shuddered out his answer. David’s grip in his hand loosened. Michael was nearly sick as he spoke. David drew back, faltering.
Cas looks down, and Dean sits beside him, a hand slipping onto the other boy’s shoulder without thinking. Like it’s been burnt, Dean is about to rip it off, but to his shock—and joy—the dark haired boy leans hard into the touch.
“Here,” Dean rolls his eyes, taking one of the potatoes. “So it’s at least done by the end of the year.”
“Yeah,” Dean nods. He fiddles with the steering wheel, his hands moving with the desperation of one who feels too uncomfortable to sit and do nothing.
“Dean,” John mutters, rubbing his forehead with the tips of his fingers—never a good sign. Dean is still blushing furiously, his face blistering red with shame.
And life in the big white house opposite the green house continues, opens, like a tree ever in blossom. Sam and Eileen and little Dean are
Dean looks away. He wants to pull his knees up to his chin and curl into himself like a child, but the motion reminds him too much of something Cas used to do, and renewed tears press at his eyes. “I don’t care,” he repeats. “I don’t care.”
Dean is very tempted to look down again, but he doesn’t. It’s one small victory at least. In a sea of defeat.
Pulling back, Dean slips the other ring onto Castiel’s finger. Rain spatters on its metal surface and makes it throw out curious lights, lights like memories changed reflexively by the present. Like how the lights of Castiel’s memories were thrown into disarray when Dean drunkenly told him everything, told him everything with a broken and worried heart, that he had and has loved him heavily for fourteen years plus nine years of gone, away, secrecy, silence. Now the lights are dancing into ordered, beautiful chaos. His eyes are glassy. The world is swimming in ethereal mists. Castiel can’t believe it.
“Where does your dad fit into all of this, Dean?” Jimmy repeats. Dean’s lip trembles. He shakes his head, denying the question form or space.
“No, I mean it,” Dean shakes his head in the bright lighting of the hospital corridor. “You’re flying halfway across the world in a couple of days, but you still—”
footsteps he hears, these tumble and thump and aren’t at all like the acute beat of Cas’s quiet, dreamy and purposeful footfalls.
“Dean’s mother’s family once dwelled in this Kingdom—I wonder, did he ever tell you? He would have hardly had reason to, but… Dawid’s sister wed a man twice her rank; and birthed a daughter with hair the colour of wheat and eyes of the forest, and she wed a merchant of the lonely islands and birthed
those damn sexy eyes and pink lips and deep voice, growing deeper by the day that make Dean’s knees weak.
to be everything his mother once said they were—he hadn’t known what he’d do if they weren’t everything he had dreamed them to be.
Castiel’s lips twitch upwards, he looks at the ground and somehow seems to be looking through it, expression wistful and distant. Dean hadn't expected a smile. Not at him bringing up images of the past,
“Let’s take lunch,” Bobby continues. “If you’re yet eager to work after that, I’m sure we can set you to something.”
“There’s not much in the way of company, for a young boy, here,” Mr Singer says apologetically. “Unless you like birds,” he gestures humorously to the twittering creatures around him, who grow louder every minute they remain ignored.
“Where is your brother?” He asks, finally, and although it is a pitiful attempt to change the subject, Dean seems to accept it.
Castiel has started stumbling down the stairs of the house. He can’t stand to be in the same room as Dean and Lisa, any longer.
“I may do that, yes,” the Angel nods thoughtfully. “But could you take me to the library, before that? I believe you mentioned the castle having one, yesterday?”
“Lucky that I’ve not suggested him as a stylist, then,” Castiel counters, frowning defensively at the director-producer asshole he's somehow ended up calling 'friend', “and rather a songwriter.”
Closing the door quietly out on the landing, Dean sees Cas leaning up against the wall, head tilted back, eyes closed. Tears trace his cheeks. Dean’s throat constricts. So do the rest of his insides.
“I believe you a most capable and wondrous man,” Cas says, warmly, “but some things—like finding items which don’t exist—are beyond even you.”
“Not true,” Dean shakes his head. “You’ve always been a nag. You just enjoy bitching at other people—”
So there’s something strangely healing in camping with Dean, now. It’s like they’d planned to do, before their fight, during Castiel’s last weeks in Lawrence all those years ago. And it’s like Castiel’s father always wanted: his youngest son, and the boy who became like his son, to become friends again, to mend the rift made by thoughtlessness and selflessness and self-centredness and misunderstanding and then broadened, deepened, cleft further apart by time. Now, in balances and the swinging motion of a pendulum, it feels like both no time, and a lifetime since they were last this intimate with one another.
All the wounds in his heart still hurt. And for a moment he hates Dean for coming today, even if earlier he’d been wishing, or rather, reluctantly hoping, that Dean
Yet he’s proven right. When Ellen gently leads the girl into the kitchen for lunch the next day, her gaze lands on Dean standing by the stove—he can’t be useful on the farm today, so he might as well be useful in the house, surely? But as soon as the Chambers girl sees him, her face hardens.
“Look, we were surrounded, okay?” Dean’s words are firm with faith. “Some freak jumped Cas, obviously he kicked its ass, right?”
“Now, child. No need for that,” Bobby shakes his head, giving Dean a longsuffering look. “Thought you were finished with all that.”
At first, he dreams of saltwater and snow. The chill of ice clumped in his hair. The heat of a body behind him and fingers warm at his elbow, steadying him on mud-slippery earth.
Dean shouts, shaking, new, fresh tears tumbling onto his face. “I don’t want to hear it! The engagement is off! Stop it! It’s over, Cas! I can never forgive you—I can’t even look at you. Because of
“I’ve never heard it,” Adam shakes his head. He looks over to the shepherd. “Would you sing it for us?” He asks. For the first time, Dean thinks, the shepherd draws back, features obviously betraying his thoughts, or at least his feelings. His cheeks seem to heat in the dim light of the candles and fire and flashing feathers of starlings all about.
Dean starts snickering again and topples, falling onto some more shelves. Cas starts laughing and pulls him up but Dean has a lot of fun making as big a spectacle of this as possible, repeatedly trying to pull Cas down with him. Bela glares at the pair.
“You get some good sleep, pal,” he winks, ruffling Mara’s hair, which makes her giggle happily. Insides trembling, Dean gets up and follows where Cas has gone, out the room, turning off the light as he leaves.
“I obviously wasn’t trying to be patronising, or anything,” Cas shakes his head quickly, panic flaring in his gaze, “I just thought—I don’t know—if I could help in any way, you know? Uh—phones are practical, and you not having one—especially when Sam is—” he gestures vaguely, a little uncomfortable, toward the hospital doors, “it might be better if you could call and text… and uh… I thought it’d be better to do something practical—”
“Yes,” he agrees, wiping the sweat from his brow carefully with the back of his forearm—he’s covered in—well, he doesn’t want to think about it. Birth
name—” Another laugh from the audience, and this one a bark, loud and unexpected. “You’ve probably heard it be said that Van Gogh only sold one painting in his lifetime, and maybe that fact has lost its impact, by now. But the extension of that fact is that Van Gogh painted because he
“I’ll go and help him,” he pushes himself up off the chair and stands, stretching out after remaining seated for so long. “Please don’t be an ass,” he says, and he walks past Balthazar on his way to the bar.
“Hey,” Dean says, as if suddenly struck by a thought of pressing urgency, “we were talking about feelings.”
“Hey, Cas,” he smiles, like he’s actually pleased to see the Angel there, and Castiel’s lips are tilted gently upwards at the look on Dean’s face.
easy. Part of me wonders if it’s even possible. Of course I can only speculate but, you don’t want to hate. You want love. You deserve to be loved. That’s why you can’t hate him—even after all of this.”
“You’d do that?” Dean asks. Something twists at his heart. He doesn’t want to think about what it is.
“Everyone I’ve loved, Sammy,” Dean shakes his head, “all of them. It’s like a curse. Like whatever I set my heart on, they end up hurt, or
Jimmy points out, but Castiel sighs pointedly. Jimmy smiles and walks toward Castiel’s bed. Castiel notices a folded note clasped in his hand. “I found this,” Jimmy says, gesturing to it.
Evadne was some strange new city to Ahava’s lowly eyes. Only an Angel from Tyrzah, not even its capital, all the white alabaster, all the grandeur, all the thrum of life, was new to the point of absurdity. From the moment she passed the gates: a bright, brass thrum of souls. Beautiful but
“It wasn’t that,” Castiel shakes his head, glancing over to Chuck and Amara, still speaking with Isaac. He can see a distance in his uncle’s eyes and wonders how strange it must be to have a three of siblings be reduced to two. He thinks how strange it would be if one of
Damn it, if this isn’t a biggest enough clue for Dean. But of course it isn’t. He only stares down at the wooden floorboards and creaks out an eventual smile to accompany his glittering eyes.
“Whatever it feels like, now, Cassie,” Jimmy starts, voice caught between firmness and tenderness, “the friendship you have with Dean is precious. Don’t jeopardize it over a girl he made out with, and a boy you kissed. I assume Dean knows that you’re—”
“Some people get more attached to their animals than they seem to be to the people around them,” Dean points out drily.
“God, I’ve never heard a stalker describe themselves as ‘proactive’ before,” Dean shakes his head in mock-thoughtfulness, looking down at his coffee. Charlie hits him from across the small table between them.
the one who flirts with him all the time,” Dean points out, voice strangely accusing. Meg bursts out into clumsy, slightly drunken giggles.
grade,” Dean counters, gesturing to himself and Castiel—who isn’t sure he wants to be dragged into this: some strange turf war between a teacher and his students—and over a fucking
John sighs and Dean cuts himself off, biting his lip again. The nobles filling the hall are still watching in silence.
Dean and Cas don’t do anything more than kissing. Dean doesn’t mind that. Kissing Cas stirs something burning and bright underneath his skin, searing his flesh; but Dean loves the innocence of their relationship—whatever this relationship might actually
“We were—I thought we were gonna go to the treehouse together? Do our homework then stay out with a couple of beers?”
bad way. It’s not an excuse. You needed me there for you—but Cas only got taken because of me. It was all my fault. I screwed up, he wouldn’t have gotten taken if I hadn’t—and he wouldn’t have gotten taken if he didn’t love—didn’t love me,” Dean’s voice cracks. “But he
Henriksen kicked his horse into a canter, then a gallop, and thundered off, back towards their hunting party.
“Muriel’s asking if you want a cup of tea,” she states, leaning in, looking bright and open like only the innocently happy, or happily innocent can. “How’s packing going?”
He mouths the words before he says them, lips working soundlessly over them. Castiel watches and aches, watches and wants. A useless want that, he knows, will come to no fruition. But isn’t friendship it’s own fruition? Isn’t that what Jimmy would have wanted? Castiel best friends with the boy from the house across the street, again?
“Thank you,” Dean’s words come up rough against his throat. “I’m so glad I have you,” he confesses. The Angel smiles, the expression so subtle and gentle it’s barely perceptible, but as it is, Dean notices everything about Castiel.
“No,” Dean shakes his head quickly, nearly knocking his glass over as he swivels round to face Cas properly in his chair. “No—I just—I thought you weren’t allowed to leave the house? I thought—”
“So, um,” he swallows, suddenly more nervous than comforted by Dean’s presence, and rummages in his pockets for his notes. “So,” he says again, looking up at the eyes of his audience. Some vacant, some amused, some bewildered, some, he notes, flushing, starstruck.
A doleful, both disenchanted and perfectly enchanting voice bleeds out of the car’s speakers. Dean swallows
“Thank you,” Castiel nods, bowing his head. Dean nods back, and seems about to leave, yet something makes the now young man hold back. He turns round to Castiel again, hesitant.
Dean pulls up to the venue parking. Dorothy and Charlie are getting married in what Dean has described as a big, ridiculous old barn, though it actually looks enchantingly beautiful, now. Castiel comments on it as they get out, to distract Dean from his obvious anxieties. He just about takes the bait.
“Nothing’s wrong, Gabriel,” Castiel sighs. “I mean…” But he breaks off. “A couple of things are going on, I guess,” He admits, however vaguely, “and I just wanted to talk to you… to get some advice… to hear what you think…”
and so even though his face is on fire with embarrassment again, he interrupts and reassures her that she is quite blameless.
“I don’t think you realise how much you, personally, give when you’re in a relationship with someone,” Castiel points out. “Whatever kind of relationship.”
“Who?” John asked. Vaguely, as though from a distance further than it ought to have been, he made out the sound of King Victor dismounting his horse to see what all the commotion was about.
“Yes,” Castiel looks about him, noticing that each of the boulders is carved, emblazoned with runes; some huge, the size of children, some small, the size of eggs. “What do these symbols mean?” He asks, approaching one of them and pointing. It looks eerily familiar to him, though he cannot thing why, and is in a more spiralling, intricate script than any he is used to. He doesn’t recognise it from
Is there a word for the absence of an echo? When you call into a vast, dark space and expect an answer, even just a reflection of your own voice, but nothing will call back to you? These are Dean’s thoughts. This is the world.
“Perhaps you didn’t hear me, Dean,” Castiel’s lips twitch upwards. “I said: this will do me well enough.”
Castiel repeats. He clenches his fists tightly around the sheets he hadn’t realised he’s been holding.
“But hills are the unknown,” Novak disagrees, “what lies beyond them—what the hide from view—that’s the adventure.”
stupid thing I did, far as I can tell, is believe whoever told me that champagne doesn’t give you a hangover.”
with the amount of frustration it sends coursing through his system. “Stop smirking,” Castiel glares. Dean attempts to rise, to sit up slightly, but Castiel slams the Human’s shoulders back against the ground, dust billowing out from beneath him yet again. “You’ve lost, twice now, so
He bolts into the room it’s coming from. The air is thick and a deep, ugly grey. The house chokes with it.
“That was awkward—” Dean tries to laugh, looking over to Castiel, again, but the Angel looks horribly anxious, and isn’t meeting Dean’s gaze. “—Cas?” He asks, frowning, reaching out his hand to graze his fingers against Castiel’s arm.
But the day sprawls, the day crawls. And yet Dean learns a great deal. Novak shows him how to call and command the dog, how to hold and approach the sheep—an old Irish trick, he says, and says the English wouldn’t know it.
Their reading lesson comes just after. Again, Cas’s hand comes to press at Dean’s back as he treads, steadily, through the words on the page, or writes out with slow intention new and unfamiliar words into his notepad. Each time Cas makes him laugh his head comes to tip onto Cas’s shoulder, and now the action is weighted and more than just innate, now Dean knows why he barely thinks before tipping his head to rest there. But now, Cas’s hand ends up grazing higher, so that his fingertips can trace up and down Dean’s neck, so that pinpricks are raised all along the length of Dean, and so that he has to think harder about breathing than he ever has in his life, who knew
“Thank you for this, Dean,” she says, all softness. Dean frowns as he puts the dish in the oven, suddenly remembering the garlic bread he’d bought for tonight.
The sky is purple, tonight. Not the light lilacs of sunset, nor the dusty violet of twilight. A dark, smoky purple that ripples like velvet across the slanted vault of heaven. More beautiful and more sad than Dean has seen it in a long time, he stares up at it, unsure of whether to fix his gaze on Cas, or the rich darkness overhead.
“Father,” Michael greeted, and the King held a hand to his son’s arm to still him. They stood in the corridors outside the King’s chambers. “How can I help you?”
Danger has past. So what next? Dean’s life has been punctuated by it, like a heartbeat. What will pump his blood, now? What will assure the movements of his limbs? His waking breaths?
All the things Dean must never want to see, but has seen. And now that number includes Castiel, his true form, his face turned on Dean and feeling so much shame it overshadows the love. All the things Dean never wanted to see, but was forced to look upon. Things terrible and bright and cruel.
“She—the Queen is—” but the words escaped him. “I am disobedient,” he bowed his head, “and she… puts up with me. And loves me, of course, she must—but I’m sure it’s difficult—”
“About two hours ago,” Castiel answers, smirking, and makes his way over to sit on the desk opposite Dean, who for whatever reason, still looks forlorn, though moderately comforted at Castiel’s company. “But mainly I just wanted to spend some time with you.”
Castiel says, softly, in Enochian. Dean doesn’t understand. He only recognises his name on Castiel’s lips: all the other words are foreign, however beautiful the Angel’s lips may make them.
“Any other day you’d be laughing along, too,” Meg points out. “And making some arrogant comment about how it’s no surprise, ‘cause you’re basically
“Had something of a cough, last week,” Castiel looks away, swallowing. “But has all but recovered, now.”
Dean doesn’t get the meaning behind the expression until he walks in on Claire and Kaia kissing in the living room late one night. He’d come downstairs to grab a book for Cas, which his husband had said was on the windowsill. Dean blinks and flushes at the doorway.
Again, I promise this is gonna end happily! Just another bump in the road (of which I'll admit, there have been many) for these two. But the next chapter will come soon! Lots of love, thanks to all of you leaving lovely comments! x
have,” she shakes her head. Herbs hang about from the rafters in bundles, dried and ready for use. She takes a handful of what looks like dried daisies and tips them into a clay cup, pouring some steaming water from a copper kettle into it. “Here, Dean,” she hands the cup to him. “This is for you. Chamomile.” She turns to Mick again. “He hasn’t even had a day’s rest, like his brothers did.”
“Come on, Cas,” he murmurs. “You can come back later. Give Bobby a chance to get acquainted with the latest testimony to his insanity.”
People seem to like that. There’s a lot of clapping. But Dean only has eyes for Castiel, who’s crying—Dean worries in a flash of panic he’s said something wrong, has upset his best friend—but Cas has jumped on stage through the clamour of applause and wrenched Dean towards him, kissing fiercely. Dean realises the tears were probably a good thing.
“’Cause I get it,” Dean’s lip curls minutely, eyes shining. “Maybe I haven’t been—maybe I haven’t been
Dean corrects. “But like Mary said. It’s late, and it’s a schoolnight. C’mon,” he beckons Jack with his head. “You need to be getting to bed.”
to do it! You had so much time—so many chances—to say it was okay, to say you were sorry. You…” Dean’s words turn to tatters in his throat.
next chapter will just be them living their lives together, happily. they're gonna go to the beach! and watch movies and settle down! can't wait.
“But—” he continues, “it’s not that… I mean, it’s not like I don’t think you care—not when I stop and think about it rationally. Like, you’ve shown, time and time again, that you really
Dean’s wounds were left raw and have scarred badly, some got infected, some reopen at grim and confusing moments and make Dean lash out, to his own bewilderment, and to that of those around him. Dean is in love with his best friend and the weight of this, cracking at Dean’s groaning bones, paired with Dean’s scarring, jarring upbringing, has made Dean lash out at the person he cannot imagine having to live without, and will have to live without, soon enough. Dean is in love with his best friend and his best friend is moving to England and there is nothing Dean can do about it, nothing Dean can do to stop it because he’d be a
Dean breaks off. He looks down. He doesn’t want to cry; but right now, there’s certainly a real threat that he might.
“The pegs are in alphabetical order,” Castiel points to his name, then Dean’s, then Samandriel’s. “C is next to D, but S is near the end.”
“There,” Castiel points up to a cluster of pinpricks in the sky, “Are the twelve Angels who first settled in the mountains, who carved homes into the stone and—”
Dean’s silent for a moment, thinking. He watches Castiel over the flickering candlelight. Castiel watches him.
“The dawn is very pretty, down here,” the Angel says, after a soft pause in their conversation. “More immediate than the way it seems in Eofor. Here it feels so
to be what he’s good at, if nothing else. And there really is very little else. Bobby topples to the floor, and brings Elowen’s cage with him, and Elowen lets out a panicked call, and Dean’s panic must be audible, too, because Jody comes running into the room. But Dean can’t hear whatever sounds of panic he must be making or have made; in his ears is a ringing which refuses to pass, even while Jody is pricking him with questions and instructions, Dean’s hands are shaking and white noise has filled his ears, the hum of a thousand wasps.
Anna bit out a sob, but looked down. The baby’s eyes were squeezed tightly shut, its skin red from how loud and hard it was wailing, it did not share the dark, soft skin of its mother. But it did have a full head of hair, black and messy—just like his mother’s. Anna’s heart softened. She trembled a little more, remembering the softness with which Ahava trodden through the world. Would this baby be anything like his mother? Her fingers brushed against the boy’s scalp for a moment, pushing back the jet, fluffy hair. The boy’s crying subsided. Anna’s did not. She could hardly see for tears.
“Well, I’ll elaborate on that. Like I said, it’d save water which is good for two reasons—it’d save money, and be better for the environment—”
“You cannot,” Dean confirms, shakily. He looks at Castiel with eyes pleading forgiveness for this. But Castiel hurts at the thought of giving it to him.
“Maybe a little,” he admits, unable to sustain the forged smile he attempts to smear, however clumsily, across his features. In spite of his defensiveness, his understatements, his deflections, Dean couldn’t even
something wrong. I always worry when you’re lost in your own thoughts. When you were like that, when we were kids, it was never a good sign, and it’s the same now that we’re adults. But
He wants to take revenge on Dean. Revenge on the Human for being so thoughtless and spiteful and vindictive; for all that he has done to Castiel. He wants to find a Human of his own to parade in front of Dean, to prove to the Heran King that he can hardly bring himself to care about Dean’s feelings, now—but the thought only sets him into weeping again.
Ellen’s treatment ends. She starts recovering, slowly at first, but in time to start shouting from the rooftops that Dean’s score has been nominated at the Oscars, just before he’s due to leave to Los Angeles for the ceremony. This is a few months after he arrived back in Lawrence.
The sign is big and a little more faded than it was the last time Dean saw it. But still it expresses that same wonder and assurance it did when Dean was a frightened teenager. That impossible promise. Sanctuary. For some of the kids here, it must seem like an insane undertaking. But Sonny always delivers on it. Could Dean ever do the same?
“Hell, I feel angry about a lot of things,” Dean sighs out. “But… but maybe…” Maybe not that. Maybe not Sam—he feels angry with
Dean’s bright green eyes stay fixed on Castiel all through the meal, as though he doesn’t realise there are so many people around him, and he asks Castiel question and laughs maybe a little too loudly, and eats quickly and messily and explains why both his little brother and father aren’t eating dinner with them.
“Oh, okay,” Castiel shrugs carelessly. “I have lots of books about them.” He gives a little smile. “I like books.”
“Every day I saw the two of you together, I could only think of my loss. I am so very sorry, Castiel—”
“And I read them, and they were beautiful—and I listened to the mixtape, and I know I shouldn’t have, and I’m sorry—”
“Oh,” Sam’s ears are pink. “Thank you—you—you’re cute—” he sputters, and Eileen seems to supress a smirk. “So—dinner?”
“Uh,” Ellen chews at her lip, face contorting in an anxious attempt to recollect. “I—he got in a big fight with Sammy, this morning—”
It had all gotten a little too much for Dean. That’s what he'll have said at his funeral, that’s what he'll have carved on his grave. He left Jimmy’s house because it all got too much and Dean’s eyes couldn’t stop burning and his mom had given him a look that said
“Dean,” she holds a hand out to Dean’s arm, and fresh guilt and self-hate surge through Dean all over again. He prepares himself, grimly, terrified, for whatever onslaught it is that is about to come. “I’m not angry at you.”
“The tee—no—” Dean sputters, “the tee is fine,” he laughs, but it comes out more like a weird choking noise. “I just—I was thinking—and I forgot to put it on,” he explains, fumbling with it now and too mortified to make a show. Cas doesn’t even watch, anyway; he turns and grabs his things and walks out of the room again. Dean groans and sits back down on the side of the bed. A minute later Cas’s head appears at the door.
“Your brother said that he’s looking forward to it,” the knight states, expression respectful yet warm. Something pained with longing flares brightly inside of Dean’s chest.
Damn it, damn Sammy and his using big words and leaving things unsaid just to piss Dean off and understanding his older brother completely. God fucking damn it.
Dean looks up from where he sits, at the long table in his quarters, drowning in papers on matters of coin and Hera’s militia, half his sadness and anxiety dissipating at the sight of Benny at his door.
his father,” Dean hisses under his breath. Not when he and Cas were—not when Cas was—not after everything. Not where it counted. He knows he’s been unsteady, wavering with the kid, flickering about like a flame in the wind, but… He regains himself. “And I don’t think it was about that. Out there—during the fight—and when Lucifer died—”
could, too. Dean Winchester: broken at the seams; a rope fraying and burnt and rotten that is forced to bind the loose elements of his brother and his mom together, even though he can’t, he can’t, and he feels like it’ll break him, and one day it
“It is, indeed,” the Angel confirms. “I flew to Evadne—Michael, at the time, was in fact the Archangel of Tyrzah, but was summoned to Evadne by my father as soon as he realised an attack was taking place. And my father, too cowardly to do the job himself, commanded Michael to fight me to the death. And my brother, ever the obedient son, obliged him.”
He sets aside a bowl of soup for the girl and has Ellen take it up to her. At least the child has allies in the house, even if Dean isn’t one of them, on account of him failing her so. But Dean is trapped and unable to work, at least until his skin heals up—and not to speak of his shoulder—in a house in which one of the current occupants
if this isn’t gonna be the night where he tells Cas exactly how he feels. “You should stay with your girlfriend—I can make my own way—”
“Come in,” he calls, expecting Sam or Adam, but is taken aback to see the shepherd at the weathered doorframe, peering in.
no. This isn’t fair, this isn’t fair, this isn’t fair on Dean or on Cas, on everything he gave and thought he was giving when he sacrificed himself—“But, I learned from you, and my mother, and Castiel,” his face turns sad for a moment, “that when people have to be their best, they can be.”
He also loved travelling to new cities with new brothels and new whores, meeting new mistresses or courtesans or whatever the fuck it was they wanted to call themselves, loved the way he could fuck any woman in any city in the world and of how they threw themselves at him for his looks, his build, his title, his riches.
It’s all he can do. The awkward rumbling of his jokes always either made Dean smirk affectionately to himself, or roll his eyes—but either way, Castiel was glad to be noticed, glad to evoke any kind of response. Except now, with Dean pressed against him, he cannot make it out. But Dean stutters a laugh into the rain soaked air.
“We haven’t really spoken about her diagnosis… I was—kind of waiting for you to, but maybe I should’ve—”
Dean is kissing him. His hands have moved to frame Cas’s jaw. His thumbs are on the ridges of Castiel’s cheekbones and they graze, back and forth. It’s as strange and bright as a supernova. Dean is kissing him.
“Well. Perhaps we’ll talk. And,” Jack flicks up a smile, and looks so young and small again that Dean could almost cry, “I’ll tell you what I’ve been busy with, while you’ve been away. We’ve missed you,” he says, and Dean all but vibrates at the
amazing. It’s so beautiful—you—you took something so hard and fraught with pain, and made… It’s such a hard thing to do, Cas, to make something beautiful and raw and
“You are a far better man than you believe, Dean,” Castiel says. “This is,” he tries, broken, “not the end.”
He asks, spinning the feather between his thumb and forefinger. Castiel doesn’t want to answer, but Gabriel’s silence is oddly pressing, and Castiel watches as his older brother shifts in his chair, settling further into it, the wood and leather squeaking once more beneath him. Gabriel continues to gaze steadily at Castiel, curling his fingers around the arms of the chair, his eyebrows still raised in casual curiosity.
“And another thing,” Castiel frowns, “that I hadn’t really realised, until now—but now I see it—you’re really good with kids, aren’t you?”
feels sick. He still has an awful, humiliating, childish amount of hope when it comes to the Angels. He wants them to be noble, moral, wishes that there is some kind of excuse that they have for not involving themselves in the war between Humanity and Demons, which has been raging ferociously, seemingly eternal, ever since the death of Mary Winchester.
Gabriel, if he's religious, takes a strange and new view of it that Castiel is not familiar with, living a hedonistic life filled with liberalities. Michael, by contrast, is dating the same girl he has dated since college; their wedding is in June. Castiel guesses that if he were to tell one of his brothers of his feelings for his best friend, the safer bet would be Gabriel. Michael, in every measure of his character, is conservative: evasive to change, bowing to authority, sensible, pragmatic, intellectual but not creative… Gabriel is an agitator, by very nature—though does this mean that Castiel should confide in him? Perhaps not—Gabriel, a rebel, unconventional, sybaritic, flexible and permissive as a result. Castiel doesn’t
“Ah, so I guess it’ll be infection, then?” The shepherd raises his eyebrows. Dean shifts in his seat. His clothes have been bloodied by his hand. The wound is deep, and long.
Castiel smirks. Only Dean can make him smile this often, even following sombre conversations such as these.
Jack enters a little later, and says something wack about sensing ‘a presence’. What is there left to do, but follow the kid’s intuition? It’s maybe all they have left: the whole world is depleted of people, and hearts, and hope. They drive. They chase the scent of whatever it is Jack has. And stopping at some services, about to enter the men’s restroom, Dean is distracted by a soft whine behind him. When he turns—damn. It’s the first thing not to make his heart hurt with feeling, since…
Dean’s getting angrier. Angry at himself, too, for his cold and bitter words to the softest and sweetest thing in his life. But he cant’s stop. He’s slipping down muddy hills in the dark.
“—And dropped out of the war with the Demons, forcing the Angels to remain a part of it to ensure the Earthly Realms were not overcome by Demon invasions after over a decade of warfare—from which the Demons would naturally have been made intent on revenge, and of a bloody and murderous kind after the deaths of so many of their own—”
“My apologies, your majesty—but no, you will not.” Dean’s heart sinks at the words. Hope only ever leads to hurt, especially where Angels are concerned. “In my understanding, my Kings and Queen will meet with your ruling Houses in the First Kingdom.”
The shame which Castiel could hear ringing like rainfall in Dean’s voice, for so many years, returns.
Mary slumped, sighing in disappointment, sadness filling her lungs once again—before she realised what the sound of a thousand horse hooves must have meant. Panic and worry quickly replaced the growing loneliness filling her chest.
in a mood for asking difficult questions, today, aren’t you?” Castiel asks with a chortle. Dean smiles, not sheepishly, though certainly not confidently, and leans towards Castiel to bump his shoulder.
“And when you said you liked my music, when you saw me play,” Dean smiles. “I thought you’d figured it out, thought you knew the songs were for you.”
“…You want to grow old with me,” he repeats. His voice is quiet. Castiel swallows. His skin is tight. His heart is pale red and raw.
Dean’s mother never taught him things like that. All that John has said of the Angels since her death contradicts all her stories completely—all her stories of the wise and powerful Angels, the race of people as old as time itself, whose history is richer and deeper than the Cerydien sea running thickly between the Human territories and that of the Demons. Legend has it that the Angels, in all their compassion, placed the great, glittering sea between the land of the Humans and the Demons at the very beginning of Humanity’s time in the universe, just after the birth of the first Earthly Kingdom, to separate the Humans from the Demons. To keep them safe. Dean’s mother always said that this was why the rivers that fed into the Great Sea could be traced back to the hearts of the mountains in which the Angels dwelt. She’d said the streams that formed the rivers were made long ago by the Angels for humanity’s protection.
Cas mimes shooting himself and makes another of his ‘mullet rock’ jokes, at which Dean rolls his eyes but isn’t given the chance to fire something back, because Ellen comes over and starts gushing to Dean about how lovely his speech was, and then to Castiel about how beautiful his poetry is.
He misses baking pies and cupcakes with her. He misses her long blond hair and sparkly eyes. Misses the voices she used to put on when she read stories to him at bedtime. Misses the lullabies she sang and the words she taught him.
The notebook was a birthday present from Cas, rather appropriately, and so as a homage to his best friend and the love of his life, Dean filled every page with love songs of every kind dedicated to the boy in the house opposite his. Bound in black leather with pale gray lines on the paper, the notebook came to be the most earnest outpouring of all Dean’s thoughts for the most unforgiving of his teenage years.
To emphasise this point, Gabriel takes a hold of Cas’s cheek and squeezes it playfully between thumb and forefinger. Castiel scowls but doesn’t make too much of a fuss, only swats his older brother off.
“Nobody asked what you think, Gabriel,” he spits. Michael huffs out a sigh and pushes out his chair from the table, getting up from it and leaving. Apparently he’s given up, already, on resolving this fight between his two younger brothers.
“I’m assuming you’ve all been informed in your respective letters why it is I requested your presence in my Kingdom today,” She says, her voice quiet yet commanding as she sits,  looking slowly round the faces of the throng.
“The point is,” Jack continues, “you made it hell for the Empty just by being there. In the end, I managed to get you
war,” Dean scowls, his hands clenching by his sides into balled fists—and though he knows that Michael could destroy him with a single
“Oh,” Castiel frowns, though thoughtfully, instead of in the almost despairing manner that Dean must. “But I had thought—all that talk of missed chances and—and you not being the one who broke up with her?”
Castiel speaks every language there is. Every language there has been. If, instead of the remote barn, he’d landed in the remote village in Russia named Archib, he would have been able to ask for food and shelter in a language spoken by fewer than two thousand. If, instead of Lebanon, Kansas, he had found himself in Tyre,
“No,” Castiel shakes his head, distressed, and then remembers that Dean asked him to save a seat. “Actually—yes—”
Dean thinks about their dad. He thinks about the danger of speech and honesty and authenticity. He thinks about Cas, ripped from the world, only seconds after telling Dean the truth. If Dean has learnt anything from this life which has pressed him up against a cold hard wall, it’s that no, the truth does nothing good.
“But if I take you riding every day this week, you might be able to by the end of it,” Dean smiles. “You’re doing great for your first time, like I said, so maybe even sooner than that.”
He pulled Michael close and embraced him, Castiel still in Michael’s arms so that he could not return the gesture, only hook his chin over his father’s shoulder and breathe, thinking of all the sorrow in the world and how much of it he and the High King had seen.
A sob has burst out Dean’s chest. He all but collides with Ellen, arms thrown around her shoulders; she hugs him like a mother. She hugs him like a mother.
He feels like a teenager again. Goofy and excited and uncertain but delighting in the possibilities of another human body he can touch and pleasure and explore. He feels like they’re reclaiming everything they lost and this is underscored even more by Castiel and him beginning to wrestle and laughing through their tangle of forceful limb, Dean grinning as he is pinned face down on the carpet, Cas’s hand hard on the back of his head before the writer bends and kisses down the back of his neck, grinding his hard-on on Dean’s ass.
Dean kisses back. He can’t stop himself from grinding softly against Castiel. So they stay in the running water and hold each other. And Dean closes his eyes. And is given the assured sense that he’s being taken as he is. Cas’s word—‘sacred’—keeps ringing in his head. He’s always been stunned at how Cas has reconciled his sexuality with his religion—Cas is one of the most faithful guys he knows, and sincerely okay with who he is—and Dean… Dean doesn’t understand. Doesn’t know how one person can believe in both.
The light in the sky wanes, Dean’s hands are bitten by the chill of evening air. Novak glances to them with a frown.
Castiel can’t help himself. If physical touch has become instinctive to him and Dean, over the past few years, then now so, more than ever. It’s like turning your head at the mention of your name. Dean swallows—no, gulps—and his heart presses hard against Castiel’s chest.
Human, was the very word being, belonging. Michael had never felt it like this before. He was terrified of the day he would have to leave. He had a friend. For the first time, he had a friend. Not a friend like Lucifer, one bound by blood and water of the womb; Michael had someone who saw and knew and understood his stings of sadness, who disliked the sadnesses, who would stand beside Michael even if it meant trouble for himself, who made Michael believe his thoughts and words were powerful, valuable, important. And only for the fact they were his, for the fact that they are inherent, innate. He had never felt like this. Never had this.
“West,” he answers. “I would sail west. All we know are the islands nearest to us, and they are Hera’s. But beyond those—well, what? Mists so heavy they say the sea is cursed, there, and have never dared to sail through it. They say there are ghosts, that their wails can be heard over the waters. Long songs that turn into choruses as if all the ghosts in the world are crying together. Leviathan. They say there are monsters. They say there are
loved Castiel, hardly able to say the name of anyone else when in the presence of the quiet little boy with dark hair from the big white house opposite his; the snarky, bookish teenage boy with intense, bright eyes and indie clothing; the messy-haired, stubbled man with pale pink lips and the kindest heart, the roughest voice, Dean’s ever had the joy of encountering.
Murmurs of agreement echo across the table, but Bela’s face remains utterly unperturbed, she stares pointedly, and with a coldness that is almost eerie, at the man who spat his protests at her intentions for an uncomfortable moment. Just when his face is beginning to prickle a disgruntled red, Bela tilts her head to the side and speaks once again.
to me,” Dean says, looking back up to Castiel, roughly. His eyes are still stung with tears. “And even now, he doesn’t. You know what I found, on the day of your dad’s funeral? I went round to pick Sammy up—he wasn’t even
“You’ll find opportunities,” Castiel shrugs, trying to sound reassuring. “After all, what are vacations for?”
“Have—have what?” Dean asks. He stares at Castiel so earnestly that Castiel has to look away when his answer of a lie comes to his lips.
“Well—anyway,” Castiel supresses a beam out into the creeping darkness at Dean’s words and how unnecessary albeit delightful they are, “when you’re distant, it’s usually because there
“Dean—” Castiel panics, but Dean has leapt from this arm towards the crack in a blood-stilling moment which forces Castiel to catch him in the hand he was using to cover his broken chest. Dean planned for this, of course, and grins up at him.
“And that’s what to believe in,” Jack says, nodding to himself. “Well,” he smiles softly, sadly to them both, “I’m really as close as this,” he presses a hand to his heart. And Dean presses his lips together. Jack raises his same hand in the simplest, sweetest gesture. A gesture of—“Goodbye,” he smiles. And they watch him turn, and walk, and fade, away.
Sam laughs and rolls his eyes at Dean, turning back to face out into the hall in front of them. Dean is still laughing and beaming down, over at Sammy, when the doors of the main hall swing open—he snaps his gaze back to the space ahead of them, to the end of the hall, where the Angels are now being led in—
“It’s a big new world out there,” Bobby says, as Dean looks down. He glances up and out, onto the landscape. Yeah—it seems it. Big and bright and maybe something too good and pure for Dean. But he’s here. So why can’t he feel like he belongs?
Castiel looks down at the photo she says this in reference to. It’s Dean and Castiel on the tire swing they made, pretty much sat on top of each other, Dean scrambling for the camera’s attention, grinning. Cas’s eyes are sparking happily.
Maybe the situation he’d found himself in had just been shitty, and it wasn’t his fault—stange an alien though that thought seems… But maybe Dean had done the right thing, said the right thing, and there had been no way for him to have a ‘happy ending’ with Cas.
“Yes,” he answers. It’s the ground. It’s the soil. It’s everything certain and pure. “Longed like it was a new religion, loving you was serving a new God.”
Downtown. Wasn’t Dean always joking about working at the dive bar there, when they were teenagers? What was it called? Bulls, Bills. Billies?
It is at this point that Castiel slips inside The Roadhouse, into the crowd totally unnoticed, and keeps to the shadows formed by other people and the corners that provide him enough cover to not be seen. He cannot think why he chooses to do so.
“I thought—” Dean can barely find his words. The urge to lash out in defensiveness rises within him, but he suppresses it. “Care to walk?” He asks, instead of biting something out, as he would have only a matter of months ago. But being met with such softness and patience as lives in the shepherd… Well, it’s changed him—or perhaps returned him to what he was, and wanted to be, and was too scared to attempt to return to, for fear of failure or rejection or both. There’s a comfort in hardness, in living like a bird among the craggy rocks of cliffs: it’s a defense, no predator would dare to approach for fear of the waves beating them against the sharp shards of slate all around. But no friend would dare approach, either. Except Cas. Cas approached and coaxed Dean out from among the blades of stone and out toward the sands which are soft and golden underfoot.
