“I think you’re doing pretty great Mr. Winchester. I don’t know a lot about your life as a child, I know you keep that buried cause it's easier. But know, I love you and I am here for you when it gets too much okay?"
Jack stands too, stepping out of his chair and pushing it back against the war room table, “Night Sam.”
Cas turns to face both Winchesters, “You guys had a lot on your plate with Mary passing recently. And I didn’t want to have you both worrying when we had a handle on it.”
They also started making friendships with others, Dean becoming friendly with the regulars and making business deals with locals around the block. He could feel them becoming apart of the community as they were invited to dinners, bbq’s and friendly bowling night’s. (Dean sucked so bad but Cas did pretty well to keep them afloat)
Cas hummed, “Can you put Kline? Jack’s still using it, so it makes sense. Hopefully Kelly doesn’t mind.”
There were no words that could describe the feeling Dean had in his chest so he stayed quiet and kissed the top of Cas’s head.
He looked over at Cas to see if there was any recollection of this place. His eyes were wide and glassy, his mouth slightly parted as he stared ahead “I’ve. I’ve been here before.”
But Dean’s there, day in-day out trying to subtle remind him that he’s doing amazing, he’s a great dad, and that Dean’s proud of him. And yes those words stick for a minute, until Grace is crying or spitting up or doesn’t want to eat. Just all the things babies do that make them fussy little devils. But you still love them, you nurture them and you get to watch them grow up into these amazing people. Dean tries to remind Cas of this but some days are just harder than others.
“And when she invited me to this party all I could think of was wanting to stay to see you. See you outside of a school setting and maybe even talk to you.”
“For you” He urged and Dean took it from him. It wasn’t unusual for the phone to be for him so he answered “Hello Dean Winchester speaking.”
But in the end, most of the great memories of high school will be held in this backyard. Day or night this place holds where Dean broke his arm in ninth grade for climbing the big oak tree, or almost died from being held underwater in the pool by Jo. Or how he almost died again by trying to get away from Jo who tried to put makeup on him. He had climbed up onto the shed in the backyard, only to end up falling through the rickety old roof.
“Okay. Okay... Jack… Yeah we’ll be right there,” Cas replies into the phone, “Yup give us a few minutes alright?”
Jack sniffles again, “I’m gonna email my TA to meet with him and see if he can show me where I went wrong.”
Cas has gotten mouthy, he’s found new ways to push Dean’s buttons. Making Dean shift in his seat due to the vulgar, correct, and snarky tone’s Cas uses. It’s driving Dean mad at the sudden change.
Dean nodded “I never want to see you in a hospital again” Dean sobbed and Cas understood. He said nothing else but petted at Dean’s hair and made sure Dean knew he was there.
He said it with such ease but deep down he was a little afraid. When he rounded the corner, Jack was standing there in a jacket and jeans, a duffle bag by his feet and tear stains down his cheeks.
Cas whimpering breaks him out of his thoughts. Tears are leaking down Cas’s cheeks when he looks back at him, “I’m not doing it for them. I’m doing it for me... for you... So one day we can both come up to Heaven, for good.”
“When’s Jack’s flight coming in?” Sam asked as the three of them ate sandwiches around the dinner table. Jody had to be at the station for a few hours but promised to be back to cook dinner. Sam told her not to worry, that he would take care of it as long as she was back in time to eat.
So with Cas hanging around, and learning how to use Google and Instagram and Pinterest. He also learned how to take a selfie (Dean was washing dishes well Cas was sat at the kitchen table. He wanted to learn. So Dean stepped aside, told Cas to hold his phone up and click. A selfie of the two of them pressed cheek to cheek was born. Cas sent it to Jack who replied “You two make a cute couple” and Dean pretended he didn’t read that) Dean’s mood (not-surprisingly) does a complete 180.
Sam brought along a guy named Lewis from his crew and the three of them plus the two guys Dean hired, got the whole kitchen reconfigured in a week. Lewis flew home a day later but Sam wanted to hang around. He hadn’t seen Dean and Cas in person in almost 10 months. It was nice to catch up, see what their new lives were looking like. He even got to meet up with Jack and Gabe, the 5 of them having a nice dinner at a local place up the road from Dean’s future bar.
Dean sighs and leans up against Benny’s pickup, taking in a deep breath and wishing the world would swallow him whole.
“We argued for a bit before he said that this life wasn’t fair, but that he promised he was going to make it right. But then he-” Jack chokes on the last word.
Naomi makes a tsking noise as she clicks her heels walking up to his face, “You... have something I want.”
Naomi snorts “Well then… Cas do you want to elaborate?” Dean turns his gaze to him, and Cas looks stunned.
She looks away from him, back at Cas “Oh Castiel. I knew it. We all knew it” She looks over Dean “This- this human you chose over us...” Then she pauses “You’re pathetic and weak. At this point, you deserve to be human!”
Cas coughs snapping Dean out of his thoughts, “Jack had to de-age himself when he met his biological father briefly. It was very quick though and they won’t have much of a relationship. But he'll continue to get a sum of money that will help him live a comfortable life and I have some very cute pictures of Jack as a toddler” Cas beams.
Cas smiled at him first “more,” then looked back down at the sleeping baby in his hold “And then some.”
He knows that the siren was playing off his thoughts, memories, and feelings. Dean hated believing even for a second that Cas was back. Even if he only played along to kill it. But also the nerve that it had becoming Cas. His Cas. He wishes he could kill the thing a million times over, so it could feel an ounce of what he feels.
Jack shakes his head “No no, it’s fine. Lots of late nights. y’ know assignments, essays, powerpoints, studying. It catches up to you fast.”
Dean turns to Cas who’s smiling even though he’s in so much pain. Dean squeezes his hand tighter “Is this… what you want?”
Sam is currently in Sioux Falls. Has been for three days because Dean is trying to self implode and Sam can’t stick around to watch it. Dean knows this.
When he stops cursing his little brother, he takes a good look over Cas. The sweatpants are a little big on him but Dean’s t-shirt with a faded ACDC logo on it hugs Cas’ curves perfectly.
The view was absolutely stunning, rolling hills that seemed to go on forever. The sun disappearing over the horizon with a mix of yellow and oranges. If Dean was more prepared he would’ve proposed to Cas right then and there. Instead, he had snapped a few photos of the orange and pink sky, before gesturing for Cas to put his head next to his. In the camera their heads were almost pure silhouettes but Dean kissed him on the cheek as Cas’ face scrunched up. He snapped a quick picture before Dean was kissing him properly and snapped another. He never thought he was the corny-romantic type, but he’s had a collaged of both photos as his lock screen ever since.
He goes through the motions of changing, finding his gun, an angel blade, and a knife. He meets back up with Sam who’s ready to go, in the war room. Still trying to find the words to make sense of this all.
They’ve been put through the meat grinder the last few months, so getting to do these easier cases and go home to watch a flick is very appealing. Minus the whole wanting to cuddle Cas thing. It’s still appealing, but it’s the last thing on Dean’s To-Do list.
Dean rubs his thumb along Cas’s cheek “I know, I may not understand but I hear you. I hope in time it gets easier but for now, you don’t have to do this all alone. I’m here for you. Hell Sam, Jody, Charlie, even call Garth I’m sure you two could be friends real quick. They’ll let you talk and vent if I can’t okay? You’ve got people that care about you.”
“It’s nice that you two are talking, he needs that. Someone that isn’t me… to guide him” Cas responds.
And as much as he rather not acknowledge being thought of as some fatherly figure, he does become a bit more active in Jack's life. Sure they texted every other week or so before, mostly about movies or when Jack wanted to vent about Cas (Dean would never tell Cas that) but now Jack sends random questions or a funny photo, or a request to play iMessage pool daily. And Dean usually texts him every other day to see if Jack’s not busy. and when Jack’s not, Dean will call him. They’ll talk about their day (Jack definitely talks more) for about five or ten minutes and then go back to their day. It’s nice, Dean feels like he has a friend outside of his usual crew. Someone who will (at most times) talk about normal things.
Cas’ once particular vocabulary and perfectly groomed stature became wacked out of hell. Slurring his words and doing karaoke with an also very drunk Charlie, Kevin clapped his hands along to the beat of Don’t Stop Believing well the rest of the crowd of drunk teenagers laughed and sang along. Cas had a few buttons undone on his shirt and had his sleeves rolled up. Showing a little more skin than sober Cas would probably like too.
He was brought back to earth as the song was ending and he quietly excused himself away from Jo to go catch up with Cas. Cas bounces down off of the makeshift stage and down beside Charlie where they both fall into fits of laughter as Dean approaches.
They break apart, with Dean’s forehead resting on Cas’ and then they only breathe for a few moments.
Dean snorts with a laugh “Dammit Cas did you cry like every day or something. I’ve never cried this much in my life.”
Jack is silent on the other end. The only sign that he hasn’t hung up is that there's no dial tone ringing out.
“Cas” he lets out a shaky breath. Planting his feet sturdy into the ground and flexing his knuckles. “I-I hope you can hear this man... I-I don’t know where you are and it’s freaking me the hell out. I-” He shuts his mouth before he says something stupid. “I miss you Cas. I’m worried as fuck. I don’t know if you’re finding yourself or are super pissed at me but” He wipes his hand over his eyes force himself not to cry “I gotta know man. I gotta know you’re still kickin’ and not from some tiny ass post-it note. Something real you son of a bitch!” Too late, the tears start leaking out of his eyes, “Hell, Jack is miserable without you. I’m miserable without you. I don’t want to blame this all on what happened that night but I can’t help in thinking I fucked this all up. I’m sorry if that ruined everything. Or If you saw or heard something in my mind you didn’t want to, I’m sorry alright. I’m trying to- figure this out okay? I’m not sure what you want Cas but fuck I miss you, man. Nothing has to change alright? Just come back,” He waits with a shaky breath entering and leaving his lungs, “If not for me. For Jack. Come on Cas. Please. I’m beggin’ here.”
Cas snorts, “Well I mean- no offense Dean but… Maybe Sam confides in her about things? Like life and feelings and all that.”
Jack wipes at his tear stain cheeks and nods along, hearing the words well Dean just hopes he’s getting the message.
After taking a stern lecture from Jody first about alcoholism and unhealthy coping mechanisms, he and Sam finally say their mutual apologies. When he hangs up Jack walks back into the room.
Dean gives a sad smile, “I hope I didn’t mess this up between us… You’re my best friend, I can’t lose you.”
They finished up the Dallas case in less than 48 hours of arriving. But then Cesar had called, asking them for help in New Mexico with a much larger case. Some mass mutilations happening one town over.
Dean and Cas both got to be in the delivery room when Grace arrived into the world and to say they both didn’t get choked up is an understatement. They’d both been crying off and on since she was born 5 hours ago.
“Castiel?” Mrs. Anderson calls.  Castiel perks up, watching as she beckons for him to walk over to her. He stands and Dean tells himself to not watch him go. But he's quickly caught when Cas turns to face their teacher and he and Dean made brief eye contact.
Then Sam clears his throat, “Speaking of Jack. Cas did you give him the books I found for him last week?”
The rest of the ride is silent, both of them lost in their thoughts about how to fix this. When they return to the bunker Dean heads straight to his room to ultimately pass out. Tomorrow will be day 22 of no Cas, the only thing Dean is riding on is Cas’ promise that he’d come back.
Praying, wishing, hoping for Cas to suddenly whoosh back in and for them to be together and okay once again. But nothing happens, he gets nothing in return for his confessions and it hurts more every time he does it.
Dean was glad Sam encouraged him to get generators for the bar. “You can never be too careful Dean” Sam’s voice rang in his ears, and he was right. They were one of the few establishments on the block who could keep the lights and the freezers going. Everywhere else either had to shut down for the day or sacrificed an appliance, but Dean felt good in at least helping out whoever he could.
Dean gestured his arms around “Yeah it just kinda fell into my lap. Cas is taking online night classes. We’ve got our son Jack at Stanford.”
But then Cas is flushed against him, pinning Dean to the side of the couch. Dean can feel Cas’s beer breath on him. Their eyes staring into each other's but Cas’ looks afraid, scared even.
Cas takes a deep breath “Is it bad to think that how Jo dared me to kiss you that I kind of really wanted to?”
“We would need millions on millions of new angels and humans who would be willing to serve. That could take centuries and God isn’t alive to conduct such a thing.”
Castiel has been a cosmic being for millions and millions of years, he’s watched the creation of mankind and history unfold. He— himself has been roaming the earth for over a decade. Even he had become human for a short period of time. Cas is old enough, wise enough, has been on this earth long enough to know better. And yet, Castiel continues to perfect that signature confused head tilt over the most minuscule things.
It takes Sam three days to finally make his way to stand in the doorway of Dean’s cave. Flicking on the light as Indiana Jones is recovering the Ark from the Well of the Souls.
Dean hugged him close, as close as he could get without crawling into Castiel’s lap. They held onto each other like a lifeline and let the rain dance over the car. Nothing could hurt them in this moment.
“Go for it. We have to go grab him at the local library but we can get food beforehand. Give some time for your Uncle to enlighten you,” Dean huffs with a laugh.
Dean crosses his arms and can’t help but grow a smug smile, “Riiiight. Cause the two of you texting non-stop for weeks isn’t the reason you’re running off the second we get home?”
Hugs were passed around and then it was time. The temporary goodbyes were hard, but it was for the best. Cas held onto Dean’s hand as they left the hospital together, then sat in the Impala, breathing.
Dean hits play for Raiders of the Lost Ark to continue but after a minute of watching he feels his phone buzz in his robe pocket. He carefully pulls it out, turning the brightness down shielding it from Cas so he doesn’t ruin the experience.
After the drive home and sleeping the most of yesterday away. Dean woke up early, got groceries, did a beer run, and more gas. Did some laundry, cleaned the kitchen, vacuumed out the Impala, and took her for a wash. All well Cas helped Sam find some lore that Jody was asking for.
“That’s mighty assumptive,” Dean stands, heading to the mini-fridge. Cas finishes his beer, “Pass me one?” he asks. “Yeah sure.”
“I got an email from Sam with a wedding invite?! I didn’t know you guys had quit? I called him right away, he sent me a link to your Instagram page. Very nice marketing by the way.”
JACK: Yeah he paired me up with another student who went over the test with me. I’m part of her study group now.
Across from the office space is the door to the garage, a front closet then next to that a half bath. They walk into the open space kitchen and living room. Off white counter tops matched with oak cabinets and stainless steel appliances. The counters lined with stools to sit and gather, the living room broken off by a grey comfy looking sectional. A large tv is plastered to the wall.
The first thing out of the twin’s mouths when they arrived was that they wanted Cas to tell them a story every night before bed. Even Sam told Cas neither of them would shut up about it.
“So you failed your first big test, it’s okay. That’s part of the whole schooling experience and you’ve never really had any of that. So chalk it up as an L and learn what you did wrong then move on.”
He’s quick on his laptop downloading a few things and grabbing a pair of headphones from his bedside table. He stuffs them into a separate bag then pulls his suit from his closet. He showers and changes before meeting the other two in the garage an hour later. Sam looks like he’s been waiting a while, well Cas is already in the back seat ready to go.
Except under all that pain and anger, his worry arises that maybe he’s not trying hard enough. That maybe he should be looking for Cas even if the guy doesn’t want to be found. The sounds of the siren saying “I love you” in Cas’ voice have haunted his nightmares since and will continue to do so if he doesn’t do something about it.
Halfway through their drive back to Kansas, Dean’s phone rang with a call from Jack who screeched with the announcement that he had heard from Cas. And by the sound of his babbling, this conversation went better than the last one. Cas told him that he was safe, he was experiencing humanity again by traveling from New York and then to England, then to Thailand, then to India and now he was currently somewhere in Japan. The conversation had concluded with Cas once again promising he would be back soon. Jack seemed elated with his conversation with Cas, well Dean’s left him feeling even more hopeless than before.
“No. No. He went away for a reason. Sometimes people do that. And you gotta give them the benefit of the doubt to keep yourself sane.”
Cas smiled “We found a surrogate. Her name’s Iris, she’s not a parent herself but she said she’d been blessed with easy childbirth and has had four other surrogate kids. She’s quite wonderful actually, very bubbly and she teaches kindergarten.”
The good was all the above. The bad was Sam showing up to the bunker at 2am. Pounding on the front door in the pouring rain. Dean and Cas were in bed-- making up for lost time.
So yeah, there’s been some helpful tips and some insightful therapy things that’s forced himself to think outside Dean Winchester’s regular habits.
“it’s just… Dad… you and Cas, there’s no denying it anymore. You can blame yourself all you want but you know the feelings not gonna go away, for you or him. You two have been intertwined in the other since the day you both met. You’re tethered to him for life in more ways than one and that scares him as much as it scares you. I know I have no room to talk about any of this, hell I’ve been keeping my mouth shut to not overstep but you both love each other and you both need to stop making excuses to deny it.”
“Hey. I understand now but Cas… I won’t lie. We were a mess without you, you don’t understand how much Jack needs you. How much I need you. You going off like that-” Dean exhales averting his gaze. but Cas grabs his cheeks. Forcing Dean to look at him “I will spend the rest of my life proving to you that I will never leave you. That as much as you need me, I need you.”
When Dean hangs up, Sam gives Dean a doubtful look. (Dean showed Sam the messages and everything) It left an awful taste in both their mouths and now with what Jack was told their uncertainty of what to do tripled. Somethings not right and for once in their life, they don’t have a plan.
“No! Look what you’ve done to him!” Dean curses only to be thrown across the room. His body cracks and aches as he peels himself from the floor. Only able to barely hear the faint sounds of Cas’s voice ringing out “Stop. Stop. Please. I’ll stay- I’ll stay here.”
“Just- breathe and go get the stuff from the house and meet me at the hospital. Oh and charge your phone.”
Cas grabbed at Dean’s hand, threading their fingers together “Of course, that makes sense. I can wait.”
Cas licks his chapped lips, “Dean no. I saw, pain. Pain that I was causing. You hated me cause I was an angel… and I knew what I wanted for so long but that moment, I realized... it was time. When we kissed I knew we couldn’t… me being an angel you being human. But I know what I felt, what I still do. It made it clearer that I wanted to become human, not just enjoy parts of it. But then I saw the pain of me being an angel and what it was doing to you. I knew right then I wanted to get rid of my grace but then I couldn’t! And all I wanted was to come back to you and Jack. But it wouldn’t leave and I didn’t understand!”
Dean doesn’t mention any of this to Jack, as Jack would jump at the chance to use his powers and the kid does not need that right now. So he goes at it alone, looking up if there’s some way to track Cas or to summon him. He tries everything he can and inevitably, it breaks him.
The sun was coming up by the time their conversation had lulled. Sam pissed cause he and Jody had broken up over some stupid argument, he couldn’t even remember about what. Dean felt for him he really did. He was sure Jody was it for Sam but alas sometimes life isn’t fair that way.
Dean looks down at the back of Castiel’s head then back at Mrs. Anderson. He nods at her and then narrows his eyes into Castiel's skull, knowing something's up just not exactly sure what.
“Dean, you past that threshold like 4 years before you even came out to me” Charlie adds, brush herself off.
“Yeah he’ll be fine I think. But an Angel? Going after him… now? Trying to take him? They said they were done with him after he made more. Cas got them to sign a document and everything.”
Dean opens his mouth to speak, but he doesn’t even know what he’d say. His mind so focused on the fact that he ruined everything.
Dean huffs, “Well if admissions didn’t take fourteen years he could’ve gone to the first three days.”
“So? A measly, overly vague text doesn’t mean shit! Easy enough to type those words out to get me off his back. And maybe sure, there’s some truth to it fine! But he still left— after everything!”
Dean can smell the wood scent of Cas’ shampoo, the butter from the popcorn lingering on his skin, and the mint taste of his toothpaste. There’s so much happening, Dean’s heart feels like it’s gonna beat out of his chest.
Their routine was down to a science, Dean ultimately couldn’t think about Sam and Jody returning to take the girls home. It would hurt to much. So he focused on them, making sure they had the best time possible.
“Then we save them for next time! I don’t want to watch another western movie, we literally watched only Clint Eastwood movies yesterday! I want to laugh!”
Jack walks closer to the big window next to the large dining room table. The view over looks the bay, them being high up on a hill, the lights sparkling as dusk settles over the city. This house must cost a fortune is all Dean can think.
The game starts pretty mild with a few I dare you to lick... and I dare you to drink this... Jo probably gets the worst of it where she has to drink one of Adam Milligan's cocktails which contains something like milk and mouthwash. That gets everyone riled up once Jo does shoot it back and everyone screams in horror. Charlie is forced to tell the story about how she caught janitor Jenkins and Principal Truman kissing in the library after hours and again the crowd shrieks in horror out of the pure scandal.
Dean tries to see if Gabe flinches but he doesn’t. Dean’s still unsure if Jack has told him anything of the truth. But he seems to not look at them any differently than before.
“See- am I even saying that right? I have no clue. I’m still learning Dean. I may be an ancient celestial being, but I will not have you laugh at me for not understanding Grease Lightning and how to watch it.”
After about 2 hours he finally pushes the last box across the hall and looks around the now empty room. It’s bigger than he thought, enough room for maybe two recliners plus a couch. He can envision it all now, TV on the wall, two chairs towards the front, a comfy couch behind them, bar over along the wall, and the ping pong table in the nook along the side.
He meets up with Sammy and Dad after the game, he’s all sweaty and desperately needs a shower but he’s grateful to see their proud smiles. Which is a complete 180 from the mouthful Sam had given him yesterday after having to walk home. Sam may also pried the information out of Dean for his early departure from school.
“Y’know your daddy’s stubborn. Always likes to take everything onto his own plate and deal with it by himself. Somethings never change and it’s fine, we make it work. I know I still got bad habits but your daddy has got to know that he isn’t in this alone. That just because he isn’t an angel anymore doesn’t mean he still can’t help you when things are bad. He became who he is today for you, for me, for himself, for love. We’ve got this great life and I hope he’s enjoying everyday like I am. I hope he’s not all caught up in his own thoughts of what would be different if he was- y'know. Cause that doesn’t matter. It’s never mattered. I love your daddy so much Gracie, I wouldn’t do this with anyone else. He’s so special to us, one of a kind. He’s our angel, regardless.”
Dean sighs frustrated, squeezing his eyes shut tight to stop the tears. He sucks in another deep breath letting the words ‘no, I don’t’ die on his tongue.
“Well it was nice to see you,” Sebastian says to Castiel, “and nice to meet you,” he says to Dean with a smile.
Dean proceeds to push him against the wall, holding Cas’ arms above his head, “Take. That. Back” Dean growls non-threatening in his face.
Cas looks at Dean, and Dean swallows hard. Realizing how close they are right now, he’s quick in letting go of Cas’ arm taking a large step back.
Dean hates that he wants to ask about Cas. If the Angel said anything about holding the guy hostage or something, but instead he focuses’ on Jack “Are you safe right now?”
“Okay enough enough! No throwing balls in the hallway! And get to class!” Mrs. Anderson yells from the door to the math room.
They pulled up back at the Winchester-Mills household, the twins now home running at Jack as if their lives depended on hugging him.
Jack tackles him into a hug, almost pushing Dean over. He’s strong, his grip tight over his shoulders. Jack’s almost the same height as him, and yet it’s like Jack is a tiny kid. Gripping onto the back of Dean’s coat as he snots all over his shoulder.
Dean sighs, “Because this isn’t me. I’m not someone who goes out and tells people his feelings. I hold it in, keep it bottled up, wait for them to come to me and then I spill everything. I don’t do well at this.”
Dean can’t help in letting his heart melt at the sight. How at peace they both look, Dad and Daughter cuddled together. This is the first time in a month that he’s walked in with both of them asleep.
“I think you’re not giving him the benefit of the doubt. It’s Cas, Dean. He wouldn’t take off unless he had a real reason.”
There was a pause on Castiel’s end and for a second Dean thought he hung up, “Dean. We’re gonna meet our baby today” Cas said softly like he was already crying.
“It feels like a lot sometimes and sometimes I feel that feeling of being able to fix everything so quickly.”
Cas’ hand had been intertwined with his the moment they left the car, so Cas squeezed his fingers letting him know he’s there, he’s not going anywhere, that they’re in this together as terrified as they both are.
“No. It clearly is because you’ve been poofing yourself out of here left right and center, I barely see you anymore or you go to Sam, so what the hell?”
And here they were 9 months after opening date, Dean had left the bar in the hands of Mikayla his snarky but trustful assistant manager. Well he and Cas traveled from San Francisco to Sioux Falls, they hadn’t been on a road trip like this since their hunting days. Crazy that it would almost be a year since they threw in the towel. But Dean was grateful that they made that choice, the life he had now was amazing. He felt so blessed to be given the opportunities he had. On top of that, having Cas at his side all the time. Them living this life together that Dean ached for, for so long. He wouldn’t give it up for anything.
“I wanted to speak to both of you due to your tests. Which you both did excellent on, but–" She pauses, leaned back against her desk looking at both of them "I did notice some similarities” She says.
Dean couldn’t take it anymore and grabbed onto Cas. He pulled him in for a tight embrace, stuffing his face into Cas’s neck letting himself breathe the scent that Dean had grown so fond of.
Dean sits up to see Sam standing off to the side of the bed “It’s fine- just you both are gonna have a lot to learn.”
Dean lets his heart stop hammering in his chest before taking a deep breath and getting up out of the chair.  He shifts the little girl closer to his neck before opening the door a bit to see a stunned, slightly weepy Cas standing there.
Dean drops to the ground, clutching his abdomen, certain that he has broken a rib or two. He lets out two large breaths, trying to lessen the pain when the word hits him like a punch to the stomach. Soulmates? Dean thinks, feeling dizzy with emotion. She’s playing him Dean know this, she’s trying to get him to submit, get them to give in to what she wants. Dean knows that she knows he would do anything to save Cas. Just like he would for Dean. Dean’s so tired of their bond being used against them.
He really does. And he’s admitting it to himself for the first time ever. Feeling dizzy and nauseous all of a sudden with a slight pain in his chest. He thinks he’s doing a good job of hiding his revelation and clears his throat, “Yeah of course Cas. Anything you need. You tell us.”
“We could… go visit him soon. I could zap us there for an evening, it could be nice to check up on him?”
She turns back to Dean, but all Dean can look at is Cas’s full-blown panic eyes. Dean hates that look, it’s the same one the last time Dean saw him.
On a sunny Tuesday morning in a hospital of the smallest town in Nebraska. Dean and Sam Winchester officially retired from hunting.
Turns out asking Sam to detail how stories are turned into films takes the trip there and back to get Cas fully acquainted. Cas suddenly becoming an expert on the subject. All well Sam takes on the duty of making a list that Cas has to watch for either, A) life purposes or B) to get Dean’s crappy references.
“Jack? Hey, I’m sorry work had a mix up with a delivery. But guess who showed up! He said to give you- oh hello!” A man with shaggy black hair and honey-colored eyes comes beelining around the corner. Backpack falling off one shoulder, an apron in the other, and holding a container of what smells like cinnamon buns. Jack sits up, stretching.
They took a liking to Cas almost immediately, he had cool stories to tell they’d apparently told Sam. Dean though was left in the shadows. Acting like it didn’t bother him that the twins barely looked at him once, when he solemnly confided in Cas that it had stung. It took a handful of facetime calls during May and June, then another visit in July when Sadie jumped into Dean’s arms the second he walked through the door. Hannah was mad for the next twenty minutes because she wanted to hug Uncle Dean first but her sister had slammed their bedroom door in her face.
“Aren’t I involved though? You’re someone I trust, that I can go to when I have a stupid question, or am scared or need to know how to change a lightbulb or something. The same goes for Cas. You both joke about the Dad thing but I feel it. I feel us being a family and we can’t get all the way there until you two figure it out.”
Castiel shifts uncomfortably like he wants to magically poof away. So Dean takes this as his cue, “Actually I need to apologize too.”
Jack was now having a staring contest with Cas. Dean definitely didn’t want to get involved in that, “Well, for now you have Jack.”
Everyone looks at Dean though, Jessica is a sophomore well Sam is still a freshman. It was strange but Dean could see it. He couldn’t wait to tell Sammy when he got home later.
Dean hits play and retreats to his own recliner also flipping up the footrest. This isn’t quite what Dean had imagined for this room, but it’s a start. He’ll take it.
“What?! How long have I been out?!” He moves his head to see that he’s in his bed. The last thing he remembers is being in Heaven, Cas fully healed and Jack holding a light.
Sam and Cas seem to be content though, flipping page after page while Dean can’t help and watch Cas. His brows furrowed in concentration, eyes laser-focused, he’s got a book propped up in his left hand well the right one flips. His index finger taps the spine of the book as he blinks on every third tap. He gets so lost focusing on Cas’ features that when a cellphone tone blares out Dean accidentally falls backward off his chair.
Dean shuts the TV off at 2:34 am and stretches by standing up for the first time in 2 and a half hours.
So yeah, he hasn’t made any real move to talk to Castiel, didn’t even know if the guy liked guys. So Dean continued to go about his day to day life, wishing for some kind of miracle that Castiel would make the first move, because hell if Dean would even try. Afraid of offending the kid or saying something to hurt him when all he wanted was to hold his hand and look into his eyes forever. Man, he's such a sap.
Sam coughs and Dean looks back at him. Sam gives him a look of Should-I-Leave-If-You-Are-Going-To-Jump-His-Bones-Or? And Dean jerks his head as a threat, but Sam knows it's empty.
“Castiel. Angel of the Lord. You said to me in this very place ‘good things do happen’ and for the longest time I didn’t believe that. My life was hell Cas, you know this. You rescued me from the worst of it all and to me that makes you special. You are the good thing that happened to me Cas. I want to spend forever proving that to you” He carefully opens a black velvet box to reveal two simple silver rings “So will you do me the honor and officially become my husband?”
So that’s how they end up dealing with a Rugaru in Virginia and then take a drive north to New York to deal with what seemed to be demonic possessions.
Dean tries to mask the hope on his face but clearly, he fails because Jack looks sad. Dean gives him a minute, trying not to eagerly press for information but half of him is dying to know.
“Me too,” Dean smiles widely before pulling out of the parking lot. But the smile falters as he realizes he referred to Sam as an Uncle to Jack. and that- is something he’ll have to come back to. Much, much later.
Dean swallowed hard, trying not to let his emotions get the best of him “Thank you Sammy, But I still feel I should apologize.”
They stay quiet again, so much hanging in the air. Things that want to be shared but that also want to remain a secret.
Now Dean frowns. He runs a hand over his face, and definitely doesn’t focus on the stunned look Cas gives him in return. Dean can’t look at him, so he looks at his hands that are covering Cas’ “That’s what I’ve been repressing. I didn’t think you could love me back for what you are. And maybe that was a deflection, so I wouldn’t get hurt in case you really didn’t feel the same. But I’m so sorry Cas you felt that. That out of everything up here” he points at his head “That you could feel my anger more than my love for you.”
There’s nothing for a moment, but then Dean can feel the warmth that spreads through him. It’s light and airy like laughing over a funny joke on a warm day. But it quickly fades and changes into something icy. It’s suddenly dark and cold, he tenses hard like he been left alone in a cold, wet cell. It’s a terrifying feeling.
Dean worries constantly if he’s safe. If he’s pissed about what happened. If he’s still figuring out himself. And if he’ll ever come home. Cas had the balls to drop in and leave a message but didn’t have the heart to add any of what mattered. Therefore Dean is angry, he’s so brutally angry at Cas for putting this burden on him— on both of them.
Jack grabs his backpack off the floor and digs out a pair of star wars PJs and a toothbrush. “I’ll get you some more blankets. It can get cold in these rooms.”
Dean flashes a worried look at Sam who’s looking at Dean like he has three heads, “Hey Sammy, I’m sure you got a concussion but some help would be great.”
Dean’s brought back to them arguing on the drive after raiding the vampire den in Arizona a few weeks ago. Dean calling Cas reckless and an adrenaline junkie for running ahead of Dean in the den. Well, Cas went spewing off, “Fuck you! You would’ve been a vamps dinner right now if I hadn’t followed. You never think about anyone else when you do shit like that. You’re selfish Dean Winchester! That’s one of your many awful qualities and I wish you’d learn to fucking control it cause it’s exhausting!”
Dean tosses his bag on the floor of his room about to flop onto his bed. But stops up to see a few things laying there.
It was about an hour later that Dean finally pulled over onto a gravel road. Cas still shooting him odd glances, “Just hang on. Almost there.”
He frantically looks around, the recliners are behind them, Cas is next to him on the couch, Austin Powers is still playing on the TV. Everything is normal except that he can feel Cas’s body pressed up against his.
“Better start believing it now” He smiles “Oh and before I forget, the place has a salt ring buried under the soil surrounding the house. And there’s demon traps in front of each door. It’s also warded against pretty much everything. Sam helped. All this just in case” he says casually. Dean and Cas immediately look at Gabe who’s standing on the last step.
They continue down the semi-lit hallway but Jack stops, holding his head “They’re on their way. I can hear it.”
Dean’s still turned watching as Cas carefully pulls the laptop out of the bag and sits it on his lap.
“Well,” Cas turns to Dean and for the third time of the night they kiss which gets a heck of a lot of shouts and whistles. But Dean just encompasses nerdy Cas into himself and lets himself be him for once.
Jack sniffles, “I-I don’t know. I was walking back from campus when it felt like this guy was following me. So I took a different route home to try to shake him. He-he didn’t though. He kept following me. He ended up cornering me in an alley. He took an angel blade out and I froze. He said that they needed me. But I was so scared I panicked, ended up smiting him. Then I ran home.”
“Another 100% Dean, well done” She smiles at him and he thanks her and smiles back. He has everything, the grades, the sport, the car (a ‘67 chevy impala given to him as a 16th birthday present from his father) but the only thing he doesn’t have is someone. Someone that would love him the way he loved and care for him the way he cared.
“Don’t try to fight this Dean. You’ll only make things worse for Castiel” Naomi threatens. Dean wants to spit at her but then off in the corner he hears Sam groan as he regains consciousness.
“I figured as much” Dean shrugs, kissing him again. Just cause he can. But then Cas starts speaking “I was so confused why I couldn’t get it to leave, but they saw how badly I wanted it gone. They promised me they could help and I went with them when they realized what was happening. That my grace was stuck, they were also at a loss. But then you prayed to me and I felt everything. I knew and I was so stupid to think the Angels could help when really all I needed was you. But by that time it was too late” Cas avoids Dean’s gaze for a moment but not when he says “I’m sorry Dean, for leaving like that. It wasn’t fair. I should’ve said something but I-”
When Cas and Jack got home they brought pizza home with them for lunch, Dean was thankful for some kind of greasy thing for once. They ate in the living room, watching the last 45 minutes of Toy Story 3 when Sadie looked over at Dean from the other couch.
Dean laughs, his heart continuing to beat wildly in his chest. Frustrated tears start to leak from his eyes as he crumbles the note in his hand. “Goddammit, Castiel! You son of a bitch! You can’t keep giving me hope you stupid, pathetic piece of lying shit. YOU HEAR ME YOU SICK SON OF A BITCH!” Then he’s tossing the boxes of DVDs at the wall.
“Jack now!” Naomi yells. Dean looks up the last thing he sees is Jack holding a ball of blue light and then there’s nothing.
“And maybe the whole cheating in the test thing was Mrs.Anderson’s fault but I went along with it just at the thought of possibly getting to tutor you.”
Dean lets his vision blur, staring at the wall behind Sam. He holds his hand against his thin t-shirt, feeling for the spot where the pain is echoing from “He’s… he’s hurting” Dean breathes out. The stunned look on Sam’s face is only a quarter of what Dean feels.
They got the hang of being able to touch each other whenever, they were getting better at PDA (Cas loved being able to hold Dean’s hand) and they had no problem now sharing a bed. Dean felt so lucky to wake up every morning to Cas snoring next to him. Only spending a few minutes watching him before proceeding to the kitchen to make a pot of coffee.
Sam snorts, returning to pack his stuff away then slamming the trunk shut, “Just promise me you guys won’t screw on every surface if one of you decides to finally make a move.”
Jack howls with laughter before attacking them both in hugs “If I didn’t know you two were soulmates I would still consider it so.”
While Sam and Jody determine that they needed a break from life, just the two of them. So Dean and Cas (after some heavy discussion) decided they could do their diligence as Uncles and have the girls stay with them for two weeks.
Sam was gone for hours well Dean carefully poured drops of water into Cas’ mouth, hoping he’d swallow on it and not choke. He waited till the last second before Dean knew he had to get Cas to a hospital before Sam finally appeared from the bushes clutching his side. He struggled to the door, but did eventually get inside. Sliding in the back seat hissing “DRIVE!” as Dean went speeding off.
“Cascascascascascas. Castiel!” Dean shushes before the guy has another coughing fit “I’m sorry your grace got tied up within me. It’s not fair that it tied us together but— okay fine. Maybe I was beating myself a bit, repressing some shit but I’m getting over that. I was in a bad place then Cas. I figured you didn’t feel the same way I did because you were an angel. So I blamed it on that. But the hate, the pure disgust, that wasn’t me hating you. It was me hating myself for falling in love with an Angel.”
When Dean finally makes it to Sam he offers his thanks “Sorry if I’m stealing your thunder this weekend. I didn’t know when we’d be back.”
Moments later Cas comes strolling into the room with a grin on his lips. Dean turns his head to look at him.
There’s the rustling of the wind through the trees, and the sounds of sirens in the distance but no signature Cas whoosh. “Dammit!” Dean curses, kicking the rocks by his feet.
“Of course you weren’t sunshine” Dean whispers before walking over to run a hand through Cas’s hair. Cas almost purrs at the touch.
“Sorry will you please excuse me,” Dean said abruptly getting up. Ignoring the chorus of ‘Dean?’ coming from the crowd behind him.
They all have a nice peaceful dinner talking about both of their trips. They gave Jack the full update on Sam, blaming it on a work accident gone wrong. All three of them are retired agents according to Gabe, all these cases are NDA signed so they can’t talk about it much. But luckily
Mikayla the bar’s trusty assistant manager spotted Dean’s feared look from across the room. He could see her narrowing in but he couldn’t move.
“Good. And honey… breathe. It’s fine, everything’s fine. It’s exciting right!” Cas tried but Dean was too busy feeling like his head was stuffed with cotton.
The recliners he found online, some guy selling them on the other side of town. So he met up with the guy two days ago. $100 bucks cash for the recliners and another $100 for the guy to deliver them to the bunker, no questions asked. On his way from buying the 65 inch TV yesterday, someone had put ‘Free’ on a couch on their front driveway. Dean stopped, checked it out for bugs or rodents, and deemed it acceptable. He called the recliner dude and offered him $300 bucks if he’d help him move it. The guy was there in less than 20 minutes and Dean had the couch in the garage an hour later.
Dean watched as Cas shook the mans hand “Nice to meet you as well. We’ve heard alot about you, nice to put the face to the name.”
“Hey hey. It’s fine- It’s fine. You’re safe. What happened?” Dean had his hand on his shoulder, squeezing gently in comfort.
“It’s fine. I enjoy school so I don’t mind talking about it” Jack says as he yawns. “See! Ya put him to sleep Sammy!”
He looks around the room, it’s all white everything. Except for some silver dressers along the wall. There are stalls of beds placed perfectly along the other wall. But none of them look like they’d ever been touched. But in the farthest stall away from the door has curtains shielding whoever's inside, there’s a thumping sound, along with a ringing. Then a beep is heard once every few seconds.
“It wasn’t a long conversation but he asked me about school. He had the nerve to ask me about you. I told him he doesn’t get to ask me that when he up and leaves.”
“I know you have a crush on someone and that someone may not be singing his heart out on the makeshift stage right about now.”
And he’s done a lot of it, trying to make sense of the mess of thoughts that haven’t had a chance to settle. But now Dean’s gotten to pinpoint what all those thoughts mean and it’s simple. Dean knows this, he’s just held it in for so long.
Castiel howls with a laugh, throwing his head back and everything, “But hey then that means you’re second best. That’s not too bad.”
Dean feels like he’s died. His body is sweating, his mouth tastes metallic, and his head is all foggy. Heaven. Cas. Right. Now he’s aware.
He feels a pang in his chest, it’s heavy like a hundred wet towels were thrown on top of him. He rubs above his peck, hoping that it’s muscle pain. That maybe he pulled something when he was moving books around. But it’s different, unlike any pain he’s felt before.
“I’m fine,” Dean barks back. Fixing the collar of his coat and telling himself to stop blushing. But then he realizes that Cas is staring at him. He’s got his phone to his ear and he looks petrified.
“He felt he didn’t owe Heaven anything. But he does, he owes us everything for what he’s done. So we brought him here to show him the damage. He saw how Heaven was shutting down and yet still bargained with us. In the end, we had to show him that we would go after you Jack… then he agreed.”
Dean snorts “Of course” then pauses “I actually- I was invited into your time loop Heaven via dream once.”
They’re out of the garage and Dean’s got baby cruising towards the highway. Over baby’s purr, Dean can barely hear Sam mutter, “Maybe you want him to be the Danny to your Sandy?”
Dean lets out a boisterous laugh, “Cas it’s not a secret code or something. It’s also not a human thing. Chuck— Metatron, they’ve said quotes from movies and books. It’s not that you’re ‘left in the dark’ it’s just that you haven’t seen any of these movies and that’s why you’re not understanding. That’s it, man.”
He cut off a pair of old jeans and had been running around the bar in jorts and a dry fit t-shirt. Sweat was constantly dripping down his forehead and neck, he felt like he was constantly running through a sprinkler. But he and his crew made it work and made sure no one that came in wasn’t offered at least a glass or two of ice-cold water.
They’ve been home for five days now. The case in New Mexico ended up being a hybrid Human-Chupacabra that also fed off humans. They took out the nest and eggs, figuring that should do the trick, and looking at reports now it seems it did.
“But it's not though! Is it! Dad is stuck in Heaven and maybe dying at the head of Angels. Sam left! Because you’ve been a wallowing drunk mess on the brink of explosion.” Dammit, Sam did call him “I’ve got finals coming up in less than a week that I’m barely prepared for. And I missed out on a date that I was really looking forward too and-”
They head inside the house and Dean grabs two beers and pops the tops off. He hands one to Cas who looks awkward as hell holding it in his hand.
The nurses had gotten them both rocking chairs so they’d be more comfortable, Dean and Cas collectively hadn’t put her down for more than an hour. They sent photos to Sam and Jody and everyone else they could think of.
Dean hummed in agreement, nodding along to Cas's words, "I know. I know," not allowing his mind to wander any further.
“Certainly felt like it. I missed you, I missed Jack and Sam but I… I knew I couldn’t come back unless I was human. You’re… head. All of that. It messed with me and—”
I know alot of people enjoy baby jack and I do too so much! I just really wanted to play with the idea of him being older since I feel like not having his grace would leave him in his 20's!
Dean peers out of the office, looking down each white hallway to see no movement, “Think it’s safe?”
Dean chugged back what had to have been his 18th glass of water today. He wiped off his forehead with his smelly shirt and took a deep breath. Taking that 60 seconds to himself before going to greet the group of people who had just walked in.
Hannah and Sadie were off at school, Jody let them miss the bus to say hello but then dropped them off on her way to the station.
Truthfully, he's aware he could probably get any girl in school but there was an issue and it wasn’t huge. It just made everything seem impossible and very lonely.
Dean gasps, his voice and mobility returning, “You alright?” Dean asks in his first breath. Jack nods, swallowing hard “Yeah yeah I’m alright.”
“What do they mean by shag?” Cas breaks Dean out of his thoughts. Realizing he was on autopilot as he set up the movie that's already a few minutes in.
Dean couldn’t shake it. He was so angry about yesterday, being accused of cheating on a test that he actually studied hard for but then he felt kind of bad for Castiel.
“Doesn’t matter” Naomi scoffs “I’m here to discuss you. I see... that you’re different Dean Winchester.”
Dean slumped again the window, his head throbbing but he lets out a low cackle, “I only do that shit cause I care. It isn’t a bad thing.”
Cas clicks his jaw in annoyance and Dean notices the sudden shift of energy. Cas isn’t looking at him, his shoulders square and tense. He’s contemplating something and Dean can’t look away.
Most of the lights are off on this floor too. But thankfully, there’s not an army of Angels waiting for them. Dean beckons for them to follow.
Dean stands, “Sam!” he calls but his little brother only slumps by the wall. Naomi and her two other Angel goons strut through the door.
JACK: Wait actually is Sam is near any of you? Can you get him to check his phone? I need help with formatting A word doc.
Dean throws the nearest book into Sam’s lap, “Why don’t you do that thing where you shut the hell up.”
Dean wants to argue, Jack did what he was told. That gives them no right to take Cas from them when he was struggling. But alas, he can’t do anything but glare daggers into the woman before him.
They said nothing to each other, only their breathing began to fog up the car when Cas carefully reached out to put his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean cannot have this conversation right now. “Less talk, more zap” he urges, and then in a flash of white, they’re in a mass of trees surrounding them. The sun is still out which means they made it to California, hopefully somewhat close to campus.
“It's not necessarily a western but it’s action and funny” Sam’s head pokes around the corner, “Austin Powers” before taking a sip of his beer.
The fake annoyance in Cas’s eyes melted away as he pressed his mouth to Dean’s is a quick sentiment of love, but when Cas pulled back all he said was, “I can’t wait to tell them.”
“You realize that I sit behind Castiel. Which means I’d have to get up, walk over to his desk, look at his paper, and then go back to my desk just for me to cheat.”
He has the selfie of the two of them from months ago but also some sneaky photos that aren’t enough to be creepy. Ones where Cas is standing in his trenchcoat looking over a field with an orange-colored sky in the background, another one of him in a plaid shirt reading over a book in the bunker's library, and Dean’s favorite, Cas relaxed in a recliner in the Dean cave with blue light cast over him. Dean’s positive Cas saw him take that photo but didn’t bother to call him out for it, almost posed so Dean could have this keepsake. These few momentos he has are kept in his favorites album, hoping one day he can fill it with more photos.
JACK: I know you told me to tell you when I talked to my TA but I only wanted to bring it up when I had good news.
Dean focuses on the road and pays no more attention to Sam and his ridiculous conclusions. He taps along to the song playing from the speakers, trying to numb his thoughts from going a million miles a minute. Otherwise, he’ll end right back up in that shit of a mood he was in three days ago.
Jack also had no problem adjusting, he honestly thrived more without his powers. Living life to the fullest. Going back to school, diving into his studies, building friendship, going on weekend trips, being in love, swimming, hiking, knitting. The whole works, Jack was doing all of it. Dean, Cas and Sam weren’t sure if they’d ever see him again. But family was very important to Jack, and still is. He calls and texts daily, acting like things never really changed.
Cas looks at Dean with a look of worry. They never discussed any real future plans, only getting away from hunting was the biggest obstacle. Now that they were over that hump, now what?
“How did you-” Naomi threatens. With a wave of Jack’s hand, she and her goons are pressed up again the far wall.
“Hey, kiddo” Dean whispers, rubbing at his back. It takes a second before Jack is pulling back, wiping at his red-rimmed eyes and mumbling, “Thank you for coming.”
Dean sips his beer and leans to grab a fist full of popcorn from Cas’s lap. Trying to not to notice how his arm burns from where he brushed up against Cas’. So he forces himself to focus on the screen before him.
Dean sighs as he looks at Cas who’s getting hugs from Claire and Jack. Cas pulling back to officially introduce them. Claire and Jack shake hands and Jack introduces her to Gabe as she introduces Kaia. They begin chatting as Cas meets Dean’s eyes. He walks over to him with purpose, kissing him on the mouth whispering “Thank you for being my good thing too.”
Dean waited patiently during roll call, “Castiel” Mr. Youngman had called and a quiet but deep “Here” sounded from the corner. Dean swooned and was instantly hooked.
“Oh, it’s kind of a personal space for me. A place to watch movies and hangout. But see, as the sole owner I can invite whoever I want in here.”
Spider-Man (The first one with Toby Mcguire) happened to be on and neither not-quite-human-beings had seen it so they changed it to that channel. The sun had long set, Dean texted Sam a few times to keep him posted on what was going on. Dean knows Sam will call Jack in a few days to check-in, offer any advice that he can and honestly Jack probably needs that.
“Well, my mom had a college fund set up for her child which is me. And there was a sign on campus for someone looking for a roommate so I’m staying with him a few blocks off-campus. and I’m looking at finding a job here too. And Cas is helping me get furniture and groceries. He met Sebastian, my roommate, I told him Cas was my Dad- which was… nice. Oh also, Cas told me my DNA is the presidents, so I did something not entirely ethical but I’m set with money.”
“Kelly had savings and get this. He blackmailed the president” Dean says matter-of-factly while eying Cas.
Jack looks over at Dean, flashing him distressed eyes and well Dean knows they’re running out of time, that this is their last chance at saving anything.
Cas is falling to the ground to curl into Dean, his embrace warm and tight. Dean doesn’t realize he’s getting teary eyed till he looks at Cas’ face streaked with tears “I know. I know I said I didn’t care but Dean. Becoming a Winchester- It’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
He stabs the dagger right into the middle of Cas— the siren’s— stomach. Dean can’t watch the life fade out of the monster eyes that look so much like Cas’. He turns away as he hears Sam coming running up next to him.
Cas looks sad. He’s frowning well his shoulders sag, and he averts Dean’s stare. The only sound of the clock ticking can be heard throughout the whole kitchen. Sam’s not even typing, only staring at his screen wishing he wasn’t in the room at this moment.
Dean sniffles “Hell if I’m making all this up. If I am only believing what Jack was telling me for my own sake then I’ll drop it. I’ll figure out a way to get over you but I need you in my life Cas. Regardless of what we are. I need you to come back to me.”
She shakes her head, “Only recently did we realize what was happening with Castiel’s body. It doesn’t happen. It’s not supposed to happen. But when we realized, we had to act” he points between the two of them, “The sliver of an amount that you have has connected you to Castiel beyond the love that you feel for each other, that only happens with—”
It could’ve been a minute, it could’ve been an hour, but when Cas turns his head away from Dean’s. It’s over. All of it.
“Hey, glad you guys could make it!” Jo comes up behind them, hugging them. “Now please grab a drink, party is out back, and don’t forget to have fun.”
He’s done things with guys. He’s not afraid of being with guys. He wants it, he craves it and because he loves Cas, he wants this all with him. But as much as Dean is confident in his skin, how does an angel view bisexuality? Dean certainly doesn’t know. Plus the dude straight up said they can’t when he had his tongue in Dean’s mouth two seconds prior. How is that supposed to give him any hope?
Dean whimpers, it’s so painfully Cas’s voice but they’re hunting a freaking siren he can’t fall victim to it.
Sam gives him a cautious once-over before saying, “If you’re sure” Then leaving with a click of the door.
Castiel stands walking past Dean towards the kitchen but not without resting a hand on Dean's shoulder, “You’ve never been nor will be John Winchester, Dean.”
Dean turns around quickly to say something to Benny but ends up bumping right into someone, spilling his beer all over the place, “Shit fuck sorry man.”
So one by one they checked off certain touristy things that even Dean and Cas hadn’t gotten to do, like see the Seal’s down at the pier or eat locally made salt water taffy.
Cas turned to Dean with a smirk on his face as Dean replied, “Tell me about it. I’m married to this one and every day I gotta pinch myself to know that I’m not dreaming ”
“You can say anything around us, girls. You know that” Dean encouraged. It took them a minute before Sadie said “Why don’t you and Cas have kids?”
“Dad I've already made my choice. I-I have to go” Jack says cutting off his thoughts “Jack you can’t go alone,” Sam says, still staring at Dean. “Then come with!” Jack shouts.
“You don’t have to believe me Dean that isn’t the point here. I only wanted to apologize for ever accusing you of such a thing. I’ve been a teacher's aid to Mrs.Anderson this whole semester and I’ve marked your past tests. I’ve seen what you are capable of, I know you are smart, you’d never cheat.”
When they roll up to the building it's in the mix of some gentrified neighborhood. Lots of yoga studios and pastry shops. Cas hits the buzzer on the wall as the door unlocks in an instant. They climb the stairs to the third floor and Cas glances back at Dean every so often to make sure he’s still there.
When Dean tiptoes around the corner to what he assumes was once a storage room for the gas station, that’s when he sees him. He lets out a low gasp, his hands shaking from nerves and the coldness of his soaked clothes.
Naomi is standing before them, pacing back and forth in her grey suit. Her heels clicking against the white tiles of Heaven.
Jack sniffles again, “He’s not returning my texts or my calls anymore. I’m scared to use my powers in case I found out something I don’t want too.”
“I didn’t want to add fuel to the fire but yes I saw him and he’s in some kinda happy headspace to keep him relaxed and…” Jack sighs.
“Why fucking not? We’ve been watching everything you like the other two movie nights! It’s my turn.”
Cas huffs an exhausted breath of air and grins. His eyes crinkle as he leans into Dean’s space “fine” he mutters before pressing their lips together. It’s quick, tender and makes them both sigh and laugh after.
Dean knews that look, he’d given it to Cas millions of times. Even when they weren’t anything, most times he hoped Cas wouldn’t catch him but the odd time he wished he would. It’s a fond look, like the person is holding your heart in their pocket. Dean couldn’t be happier for the kid.
The second Dean hears the click of the knob, Dean turns to pull Cas in for a kiss. It’s desperate and apologetic and sincere. He pushes Cas down into the mattress as Cas kisses him back, his hands rubbing at Dean’s waist as Dean holds him so so tight.
There’s complete silence over them. Only ragged breaths can be heard echoing between them. He can see Cas swallowing hard. He says nothing. Staring into Dean’s eyes, like he’s searching and searching and searching.
Dean offered his help but was bluntly ignored, so he decided he earned some relaxation time. Leaving Cas and Sam to their old books and ancient languages all well he disappeared to his cave.
Dean cried again for the first time in months, he almost lost Cas and Sam for good. No do overs this time, they were out of those long ago.
They turn the corner and come in front of a plain door. Above the frame, it says ‘infirmary’ in a bland font.
He’s got a green toothbrush in its holder next to where Sam and Dean put theirs. Sam’s currently missing. Dean flicks his eyes away quickly but can’t fight the urge to look back up at Cas who’s now sporting a foamy mouth.
“Alright. Then let me spell this out for you,” Naomi starts “Jack you came into this world at an optimal time. An all mighty being with the powers to do things, unlike any other demon or angel. I admit you did help us in replenishing our soldiers, but unfortunately, it was not enough therefore your due is unpaid.”
Dean hears the floorboards creak under weight from the otherside of the door. Dean smiles to himself, continuing to rub at the little girls back.
“You both have been doing the on the run thing for so long. It’s nice to have a place to call home” Dean said finally.
The LAST thing he and Cas need is some movie with sexual innuendos and mature subject matter. Situations that Cas might not totally get and ask Dean to explain. Or worse, Cas understanding them completely and Dean having to live with that. Dean already knows he’s gonna spend the evening think about Cas’ tongue in his own mouth and his knee in his crotch. As if he hadn’t been doing that the previous four nights. Great.
“Hang on. Let me get Sam” Dean says before rushing out of his room and down the hall. Not bothering to knock before barging into Sam’s room.
Dean goes back to sipping at his coffee and staring at the concrete walls of the bunker’s kitchen when his phone buzzes next to him.
But now Cas brings his books on week nights that isn’t karaoke nights (thursday and saturdays) to sit up at the bar and study. He began the fall semester full time, majoring in history. Because of course he’s curious in just how much people really know about their pasts. Sure he knows a lot but he’d never tell them any different unless he could find proof to dispute it.
“Unfortunately. Much to Cas’s desire to let go of his grace, his grace won’t let go of him. It’s tied into him so deeply, and we might be able to extract it without killing him. But his grace may die along with him. He has fought back at us, he has tried escaping but we need his grace. So he’s safe for now in his time loop but time is running out and we will be forced to try the extraction.”
Dean takes momentarily offence to that because Sam understands all his crappy references. But whatever, Dean lets his mind wander instead.
But yet, when it comes to their daughter. Dean can see it in Cas’ eyes— the fear and the need to make everything okay. It’s the being able to fix situations with a snap of the fingers that every parent dreams of. But for Cas’s sake, he had been able to do that for his whole existence. And now, having this little being who can’t tell you whats wrong and not having those abilities. Dean could tell that adjustment period is the one weighing on him.
Jack sniffles, “I-I really wanted to make you both proud but I can’t get one test right? What does that say about me?”
Dean rubs at the little girls back, hearing her snort softly against his chest “Your grandmother used to tell me as a kid that I had angels watching over me. And well, I didn’t believe that… for a very long time. But then your daddy came into my life and well… now you got your daddy watching over you. Every time he holds you, or thinks about you or loves you, he’s got you little one.”
“Uh sorry. Nothing much, chores around the bunker, watching movies. I think Sam and Jody are dating.”
Cas takes a moment to think, “Well... I’m showing him around the world. Figured he should learn about all different walks of life, not just ours. I may have gotten a little too… controlling. But we talked.”
“Hey hey hey Jack. None of this is your fault. I’m sorry he isn’t responding to you, you don’t deserve that. I- don’t know what’s going on but I’ll figure it out.”
Cas came back downstairs after telling the girls another bedtime story. Joining Dean and Jack on the couch who were invested in an episode of ‘American Pickers’ Cas fitting himself under Dean’s arm with his textbook.
Cas gets the Museum advisor position. Between working there and school he is on a fast-track to get his degree early.
Luckily enough his phone vibrates in his pocket, he pulls it out to see Jack’s caller ID come up. He grins to himself.
Dean is swift in his movements, carefully picking up a sleeping baby girl and tucking her against his chest. It’s almost comical how quickly she curls into Dean.
So after their ‘incident’ the other night Dean was positive Cas would be gone in the morning. But he was shocked when he walked into the kitchen to find Cas making a pot of coffee.
Now though, Sam would be gone for weeks at a time. He and Jody became more serious as time ticketed on and Dean couldn’t just hang around and wait. So Dean and Cas started hunting on their own, and they enjoyed every second of it. Getting to know Cas in a different way than before. Dean was sure he knew everything about him, but he learned quickly he didn’t. The rough feeling of his hands, the gruff sound of his voice in the morning, the way he coughed and how much of a whining toddler he became during his first common cold.
Cas grins around his toothbrush, looking nervous but amused. Dean can’t help in letting his grin grow.
Jack blushed as Gabe smiled at him “Anyways, he asked for my number. I gave it to him. We texted a bit. Then actually the night you guys were in town. Gabe gave Seb a box of fresh cinnamon buns from a local place. Said it was an apology for being creepy. We hung out a few times after that and the rest is just kind history” Jack got this dopey eyed grin as he looked at Gabe.
“I feel the same way kid. Just- I’m giving this time. You should too. I didn’t call to lay this all on you.”
Dean softens a bit, let’s Jo's words sink it. So what if that was true, and people knew he had a crush on Cas. He was only human and he couldn’t help but fall for those dreamy blue eyes. He’s terrified though, of everything. About people, about himself but it might just be worth it because he wants Cas just that bad.
“I’m so boring compare to you guys. Look at this place— this is amazing. I definitely gave you a follow by the way.”
“Fuck Cas” Dean groans and just kisses him again because he can. And Cas loves it, just melts into Dean and grips him tight.
“We’re very happy for you Jack. Stanford is lucky to have you” Cas smiles well speaking into the phone.
“To put it in words that you both will understand, I’m making baby… systematic… hydromatic, ultramatic…”
Even with the distance between them Dean and Cas made efforts over that last 8 months to get to know their nieces. They even took a long weekend in late April, only three weeks after the girls had officially moved into the Mills-Winchester household, to meet them.
“No. No it certainly isn’t” Dean walked slowly closer to the bed, crouching to be at Sam’s level “We had a hell of a time Sammy. We did what we could and I wouldn’t change any of it for a second.”
Dean paused, considering his words but decided to go ahead “Cas. I never thanked you for that— for changing your life completely…”
“I said ELABORATE Castiel!” Naomi shouts “Tell him why we had to put you in stasis, kept calm in a dreamland.”
Dean’s the most content when he’s driving. An ACDC album on low, humming along well Sam’s texting intently.
“Dean,” Cas grunted, slightly embarrassed. But Sam chuckled as he looked over the shiny dark brown card.
“Point taken, but I have had point zero one sex experience, my mojo isn’t gonna help… Not that I’m gonna need it.” He whispers the last part as if Dean wasn’t supposed to hear it.
It took a second for the words to click, Jody shook her head twice before running up to both of them quietly screaming to hug them both.
Jack lets out a shaky sigh, “These are my dads. Dean and Cas, you’ve met Cas though before.” Sebastian smiles, “Yeah briefly when you were moving in. Crazy that it’s been a month already.”
They pull into the garage 2 hours after talking with Jack. But the kid did text when he figured out his plans and then when he got to the bunker.
When Dean awakes, it’s with a large gasp. He opens his eyes wide to see three pairs staring back at him. The looks of relief scare him more.
Dean can see she looks genuinely afraid as the room is breaking down beneath them. Dean can feel it in the tiny rumbles below his feet.
“Uh, I’m having a hard time understanding how you can make this car systematic, hydromatic, and ultramatic without completely changing it for what it is.”
He comfortably claims recliner with his laptop resting on his thighs and decides to look up places selling pool tables. There’s enough room along the back wall if he gets rid of the couch that it would fit. Or option B is to empty the room across the hall and make that into a game room.
“Yeah, time does fly,” Dean chuckles well standing and sticks his hand out, “Nice to meet you, Sebastian.”
The other man just looks solemnly at him and nods for Dean to go, almost like he knows about Dean’s crush, “Uh sure.”
When his phone vibrates in his pocket. He can feel it. The relief in his chest without even looking at the name on the screen.
Cas doesn’t reply but Dean can’t lie when he saw the relief settle on Cas’ face. Dean’s too preoccupied thinking about Cas being a-okay co-parenting with him. That he doesn’t realize Cas is already in front of Jack’s door.
People had been coming from all over to taste the deep fried bacon that made headlines on social media over a month ago. Cas thought it was disgusting the first time Dean had made it. Said he tweaked the recipe from his fried chicken and added more love. Cas had rolled his eyes at that.
Someone who was alone and felt cheated on couldn’t have been the best feeling and especially bringing it up to a teacher would have caused him some discomfort. Dean’s never seen him hang out with anyone only ever sees him at school, alone.
There’s comfortable silence between them for a couple of miles till Sam puts his phone down and clears his throat “You ever gonna tell me what happened with Cas?”
“I haven’t heard from him in WEEKS Dean. I try to distract myself with school, thinking that everything is okay but I can’t stop worrying when I get a second to think. And now I can’t even find him?”
“Actually, I wanted to tell you” Cas pauses “I think the Impala is already Grease Lightning” He smirks. Dean falls more in love with him.
Dean’s suddenly reminded of a 9-year-old Sam. Begging their Dad to buy them a box of popcorn while they filled up with gas. His reason being he wanted to have a real movie night since they never got to go to the theatre that often. He got his popcorn, John went on a hunt and Dean remembers watching Jurassic Park on the shitty motel TV with Sam that same night.
Dean’s seen in the way Cas has held himself in the past few weeks, that he’s changed. Not in a bad way, more of an uncertain way. Just as much as Dean was going in blind to raising an actual child. Cas is also long those lines too, more or less like a rich kid who got sent off to college and now has to figure out how to use a laundry machine. Except Cas knows how to use a laundry machine, he just doesn’t believe he does.
Cas looks at him blankly, but then his eyes soften “I saw-” then he starts to cough. Dean shushes him “Breathe. It’s okay…”
“Just remember to wrap it up, Sammy. The world doesn’t need an offspring to Lucifer's perfect vessel running around.”
Between the garage and the stairs to the dungeon, there’s a hallway that leads to a dead-end so it isn’t worth them ever having to travel this way. There are two rooms on this wing, both opposite of each other and packed with boxes and boxes of files.
Carefully, Dean leans forward-looking at the small yellow post it note sitting on the bed. He gently picks it up, staring at the black, bold writing scribbled onto it.
So after brushing their teeth and changing into PJ’s, they’d both get into the twin beds in the spare bedroom, Cas sat on a chair while Dean would take turns cuddling them while they listened.
“Mine was the second day after I realized that you might not be a total dick jock when you helped Krissy Chambers up when she tripped in the hallway.”
Dean feels a flush of annoyance rise in his chest, “I’ve got some Dvd’s for him that he asked for? Would be nice if I was told when we were handing things off for Jack.”
“I guess,” Cas says and takes a sip. He grimaces but tries to hide it from Dean and that’s when Dean laughs.
“Jack it’s okay to give people second chances” Cas replied, “Even if your dad is being overly protective.”
They stay there both just staring at the little one between them, snoring softly against Dean’s chest with her little hand grabbing onto his black pj shirt.
There’s an odd silence that creeps throughout the garage, only Dean’s wrench cranking making any noise.
Dean and Cas get married on September 18th. The date that they met in the barn in 2008. They have a small ceremony in Lawrence, Kanas. Dean swears he keeps seeing all his dead relatives all day long. But they bugger off when he and Cas finally get some alone time.
“Gabe called and they talked apparently. He asked Jack to come up for spring break so they could talk more” Cas answered.
“What no! Sammy will be stoked for you. He’ll talk your head off until you get annoyed of him,” Dean cackles.
“Shut up we’ve barely just met” Cas retorts. And it’s true they barely know each other but this flirty embarrassed nature around each other speaks much more between them. Dean sighs putting his beer down and finding something more fruity in the fridge that Cas might like better.
Dean nods in excitement,  “Alright. Let me finish up here then me and sam, we’ll head out” he says before bending back down to tightening up a loose bolt.
Jack beckons them to follow to a staircase between the kitchen and the front office, hidden behind a door.
Dean couldn’t believe he actually got what he wanted. If this life as taught him anything, it was that he would never have a normal life and yet he was getting some part of it. The good, the bad and the ugly.
“Yeah- Yeah I’m okay,” Cas says, “You wanted to talk before, we didn’t get to talk do you want to do it now?”
Jack is in shock as much as Dean is. But about a million questions start flipping through Dean’s mind. He wishes he could speak to get some answers but all he can do is wheeze.
“He said he’s fully caught up now Dean. Also, he did get that job at the coffee shop on campus and he was invited to a party on the weekend.”
Unfortunately, tonight was bad. His trauma was creeping up on him in ways that he hadn’t felt in years. Booze and hunting usually did the trick in keeping his demons at bay, but over these years of retirement, he’d forgotten how to cope, even if they were bad methods.
“Y’know. I’ll never get used to it” Sam snorted still looking at the tiny piece of cardboard in his hands.
Jack warned him that Cas was in a happy hallucination, that breaking out of it wouldn’t be easy. So he’s not sure why he’s expecting Cas to jump back to life with a few meaningful sentences.
Jack sits up well rubbing his eyes before tackling Dean into a hug. Dean doesn’t realize that Jack is crying till moments later, but he says nothing only continues to rub comforting circles onto Jack’s back.
So that’s how Sam goes scurrying to his girlfriend, to get away from Dean who’s a wallowing mess. Missing something he never had in the first place.
A beep sounds from the baby monitor’s meaning the batteries dying. And it startles both Cas and Grace but only enough for him to hug his daughter closer. Until he realizes there is another person staring at him he cracks an eye open “...mm’ wasn’t sleeping” he mumbles, clearly not awake.
Sam rolls his eyes now glaring at him, “You’re an ass- not that you’ve ever stopped being one. I’m gonna go pack.”
“Jack. I’ve known Cas for much longer than you and sometimes he just does this. Ups and leaves, thinking it's gonna solve everything. I don’t know why he constantly thinks that, but the one thing I do know... it’s that he always comes back. Regardless” Dean says trying to convince Jack and himself of this.
Dean’s on his third ‘city archive’ book and he’s already yawning. It’s about 8 pm on a Saturday they should be at a bar, eating greasy burgers and drinking beer. Not being nerds cooped up in an empty library.
Cas sips at his beer, is that his fourth or fifth? Dean thinks. Cas clears his throat “I think this would be the one circumstance I could use it... If I wanted.”
Cas settles as they cross the parking lot, they left Sam at the library to research local lore so Cas is stoked cause he gets to call shotgun.
Then Dean cut in, “Not sure why Jack wanted to give him a second chance considering the huge blow-up they had, which made Jack mope for months. But guess we’ll find out.”
Dean caught it in stride and he’s sure he heard half the hallway swoon. He smiled up at the group of his fellow football players cheering from down the way.
Dean leans back, looking directly at Jack “Hey it’s okay. I get it. But I promise you we’re gonna get him back but we’re gonna do it right. You can be angry, and revengeful but don’t let it cloud your judgment. We’re not going into Heaven guns blazing. We need a plan. I gotta call Sam, let him know what we know. He’ll come back and together, we’ll figure it out” Dean squeezes him again then carefully pulls away.
“Uh yeah yes okay” Cas nods as they begin to walk back to the corner they had previously talked at. Dean’s heart beating a million times a minute having no clue what he's going to say or do to get Cas to understand how he feels but that of that is all interrupted.
“I hang out with Jack because I could never have a normal life. But here he is deciding that he can. He can go to college, have an apartment, and a social life. It’s not what I was created for but getting to experience some of it with Jack has been enlightening” he lets his shoulder sag “Sometimes I wish when I had lost my Grace it wasn’t possible for me to get it back.”
“If that's too heavy on your angel juice it’s fine. We can go back to Sam, I just don’t wanna wake him.”
“I’m drivin’ so you can drink as much as you want. Get that person you’ve been crushin’ on outta ya head,” He says which surprises Dean.
“Am I invited?” Cas asks and Dean almost drops the roller. He turns to look over his shoulder, “Top of the list Cas.”
They were out of the state of Kansas for a full 10 days. The longest road trip in a while. So they’ve decided to hunker down for a bit, with Cas also deciding to stick around.
“BECAUSE YOU’RE KILLING HIM!” Naomi looks down at the ground away from them all. Jack clenches his fist as Naomi and her goons cry out in pain “SAY SOMETHING!”
Sam waivers, “Well yeah I can but is he sure? It’s not a walk in the park, college is a lot of discipline and time. And... he’s never even gone to school.”
“We’re not watching another fucking Adam Sandler movie Cas!” Dean demands, biting his piece of pizza aggressively.
But to Dean, it wasn’t fine. The way he acts, the way he talks, the way he grew up. His behavior is deeply cemented in him that all of a sudden panic swept over him.
“It’s one thing to be blessed with a miracle child” Jody looked over at Jack who smiled “But this whole journey, it’ll be really special for both of you. And once you meet the little one, nothing will ever mean as much to you.”
Cas snorts as he pulls the caps off and hands Dean a bottle before taking a seat on the other recliner “That’s much easier to research than the shit we were trying to find.”
Dean finds a bit of himself on the second day in downtown Manhattan when they’re eating a greasy burger in a dive spot in Brooklyn. He would never admit it to Sam that this mini-vacation is helping, but it doesn’t lessen the idiocy that he feels
Cas didn’t pay any attention to the stare down happening between Dean and Jack, instead turned to the twins asked “Why are you asking such a question?” out of curiosity.
“I got everything I wanted” Cas adds, grabbing at Dean’s hand. Jack looks so overjoyed and relieved “Ugh it’s about time.”
Cas hesitates, staring around the room before standing and finally letting his eyes focus. His face softens at the sight before him, Dean holding a tiny sleeping Grace.  And that look- Dean will never not ever get enough of.
He bumped Benny then nodded over to Jo telling him silently that he was going over to speak to Jo which Benny nodded back. He walked over to see Jo and she smiled at him.
So Dean was fully prepared to get a mouth full when he opened the door, looking freshly fucked with red marks over his throat.
“It was the distance that affected them the most. Neither of them knew how to handle it, a break up was a better option,” Cas offered.
“Don’t be, you’re teaching him to be safe with drinking and I’m happy to steer him clear of my bad habits.”
Dean laughs in bewilderment, “Whatever. But we’re starting with the second one cause it’s the best one. You good with that?”
CAS: I’m okay Dean. I’m sorry. I haven’t forgotten about you both. It’s hard, that’s all. Got lots to figure out but I’ll come back to you. To Jack. To Sam. I promise. Give me some more time please Dean. Don’t make this harder than it needs to be. Please. I’ll come back soon.
Sam chuckles next to Dean “Oh how I don’t miss that kind of stress.” “Sam’s there? Are you guys having any luck?”
His mouth is dry, his hands are clammy, he can hear his heart beating in his ears. Sam and Cas are both staring at him but all he sees is Cas. Castiel the angel who rescued him from hell and put him back together. Who rebelled against heaven for him. Who always wanted to do the right thing to make sure the Winchesters- that Dean was okay.
But Dean pushes on, the movement of walking a long distance keeping him a decent temperature. When he comes up to The Lake with the famous boathouse. He finds a spot to lean against the railing, looking into the water and noticing the way the moon’s light reflects off of it, how the ducks paddle around, how the frogs croak from the lilypads.
Dean let out a long sigh from where he was slouching in his chair. Cas didn’t look up at him, too enthralled at the being before him. Dean was careful in snapping a picture for safekeeping, making sure that he remembered every part of this moment. The moonlight seeping in through the window, the low beeping of the heart monitor, the squeak of the rocking chair, the smell of sterile hospital room, and their detergent on the baby blanket. The softness in Cas’s browline and the coo of a little one waking up for a few short moments.
They end up honeymooning in Hawaii. Somewhere they’ve always kind of dreamt of. y’know toes in the sand, drink in hand, not a care in the world. It’s perfect and getting to show off his husband is the cherry on top. That he is in fact married to that hot piece of ass. Suck it everyone else!
Dean huffs looking at Sam who seems to have checked out of the conversation, now typing furiously on his laptop. Dean suddenly realizes he can finally get his two cents in, “Okay... then what’s the other reason about not being around a few weeks ago? ”
Dean tapped at his shoulder, not wanting to hurt him anymore than he already was but it was met with earnest eyes. They chatted aimlessly about Sam’s diagnosis and his recovery schedule before Cas was wheeled in by a nurse, clutching his few personal items. Dean was by his side in an instant, helping him to his feet.
“Cas” Dean croaks. Cas feels over his body before springing into Dean’s arms. Dean almost falls off the bed but holds him tight.
Cas turned to look up at him, his blue eyes dancing in the small amount of light “Then I guess I’ve never thanked you for allowing me to save you.”
He didn’t know where to go so he went outside. The chilly South Dakota air stinging at him through his worn-out flannel. Except he reveled in the pain, feeling he deserved it.
“Try this for your first beverage,” He says handing Cas a wine cooler. Cas pops the top off and takes a sip, “This- this is much better thank you.”
The three of them all packed it up in the Impala but Cas got shotgun now. Sam had objected of course “Dean I’ve owned that passenger seat since before Cas was around! I can’t have it this once.”
They drove along the highways, watching the trees and hills zip by. The scuffs of snow still patches on the ground, but the sun shown so brightly with crystal clear blue sky. It was a perfect day.
Jack keeps the post-it note on his nightstand, and Dean hates it. It makes him so angry that Cas zapped in to leave that tiny message of hope, then expected either of them to be okay after. They miss him too dammit.
“We were leaving the bar to go to some party a couple of blocks away when she appeared right in front of us.”
But it had. Their relationship… it was kinda confusing at first. From being a part of each others lives for so long, figuring out how to ‘be together’ was an unknown territory. It was awkward at first, unsure who was comfortable with what and Cas kind of struggled with the no mind reading thing. They had a few tense moments, some heated arguments but in the end they always managed to talk it out.
“Same here,” Cas sighs with relief “what are you researching?” he asks casually as he heads to the mini-fridge, pulling two beers out of the fridge.
Jack gets that nervous looking twitch that Cas sometimes would get when he desperately wanted to zap out of somewhere.
They finished the wonderful dinner Sam and Jody both worked on. Now sitting around the dining table stuffed full of delicious lasagna.
They arrive at Jo’s house, a two-story with an already raging backyard. They find a parking spot down the road and hike back to the house. They bring a six-pack with them but it isn’t anything compared to what is already there. Bottles upon bottles, cans upon cans so much booze it looks like Jo’s counter had become it’s own liquor store.
Dean pauses, putting down the rag on his workbench. He takes a daring step closer to Cas but stops when he can feel Cas’s uncomfortably.
“Dude, were you having a nightmare?” Sam asks Dean’s eyes focus and he can suddenly see the concern written all over Sam’s face.
They’d been through so much the last few months, Dean couldn’t believe he was only now panicking over this. During the time he could be spending with his nieces and his brother and his sister-in-law, and even Jack. But his mind kept curling itself around the same accusation. Pulling out memories he thought he had long forgotten. Moments from his childhood that a 5-6-7-8-year-old kid should never have had to see or hear or deal with.
Suddenly though, his phone starts ringing from his pocket. He pulls it out, looking briefly at the caller ID.
“There’s every streaming service paid for a year on there” Jack adds “I know how much movie nights mean to you both.”
Naomi starts shouting “Jack you don’t understand if you let Heaven crumble souls will be trapped. They won’t have a place to rest. Your mom she’ll-”
The smile that’s usually permanently on Jack’s face returns for a brief moment, “See you later dad.”
Sam and Jody get married under a bright blue sky. Dean gives a speech that he’d never thought he’d see the day that Sam actually married someone. They laugh, drink and have a good time.
Dean parks on the other side of the highway. Both he and Sam look out the window at the building for any sign of life.
This continues consistently for almost three weeks. They were on a hunt in North Dakota, having just finished up a shapeshifter thing. The three of them returned to the rundown motel, Sam calling dibs on the shower first. Dean had cursed and took a seat at the squeaky table in the corner. Pulling his phone out and replying to Jack’s question of ‘What’s a Fraternity?’
Jack sighs “At least we know he’s still an Angel” then carefully puts the note on the bedside table and starts pulling out the covers. Getting under and comfortable.
Gabe interjected, “I didn’t realize what I had done till he spelt it out for me. I felt so stupid but I really was only being friendly and I thought he was cute. Plus Seb knew me pretty well I thought maybe he’d have mentioned me to the dashing roommate.”
Jack though runs over and helps Sam stand. Jack whispers something to him then both of them giving reassuring nods as they all stare at Naomi.
Jack stands taller, “I rather be human than have you both be separated again. This- this will make sure of that.”
Cas moves away but barely. His eyes are trained on Dean’s but he can’t look away. Not now, not after everything. He misses him so much, this is everything he’s been aching for.
“Every kid dreams of buying their parents a house. I happen to have a bank account that keeps getting deposits from the President of the United States.”
“Why don’t you guys compromise?” Sam’s voice booms from the hallway. Cutting Dean from his thoughts.
“Yeah, mix up with a delivery. I offered to stay cause I don’t open tomorrow,” Sebastian rambles with a nervous laugh.
Dean starts opening drawers in the desk in the room, finding his gun, knife, and angel blade “thank fuck,” he mutters under his breath as he starts stuffing them all under his clothes.
Cas kisses him again, this one softer and tender his hand sliding over Dean’s stubble “We’re both sorry and we’re both forgiving each other.”
They wait out Cas’s coughing fit, Dean trying not to panic as he can feel the shake under his feet getting stronger.
The hallway forks off in front of the bonus room, left or right. They go left first, coming to two guest rooms with a bathroom to share. The right side has the master bedroom. It’s giant. A king size bed sits in the middle and theres still room to move around.
“I’m getting there. We found Castiel when he was confused and lost. Torn between continuing his journey to becoming human and yet still wanting to be an Angel. We offered him peace with an exchange of course. His grace would come to power Heaven and he would walk freely as a human, no more ties to Heaven.”
“Stanford is about five blocks that way. Wanted to make sure we didn’t appear in the middle of people.”
Dean understood why they worked so well together. He hadn’t been around the two of them together much. But their relationship was something Dean had always hoped Sam would have.
Cas shot Dean a look, while Dean immediately thought about the few knives he had hidden around. And the few pisotles with silver bullets tucked in high places. He felt awful having to hide them around but better safe than sorry.
But truth is, Dean doesn’t got this. He has no plan. He’s stuck here. Useless, hopeless, and defeated.
They sit there, kissing, happy crying and laughing into each other’s mouths. Hearts beating with excitement and love. Eventually they get up and fit the rings onto each others hands. The weight of it on Dean’s hand will take some getting used too. He kisses Cas again, the way his stomach flips is like the first time they kissed.
Dean had called Jack to let him know what happened. It was middle of May, school was done for the summer and Jack had gone to Australia with his boyfriend Gabe to meet his family. He’d been there almost three weeks now, staying for another three. Dean told him to stay, that they were gonna be okay and that there was nothing he could do. After that he called Jody, even if they weren’t together she would still want to know.
Dean waves off his buddies and enters the classroom with the ball under his arm. He smiles brightly with his Winchester, 67 varsity jacket draped across his back and his backpack slung over his shoulder. He sits down at his desk and takes his books out as Mrs. Anderson starts handing out last week's test with red markings on it.
There’s a large screen along one wall, eight movie theatre type chairs face the screen. There’s a neon bar behind them along the back wall filled with different bottles. Followed by a spare bedroom and bathroom in the corner. Again it’s all dark greys and plaid textures that make up the furnishings.
Dean falls silent for a second, grabbing at Cas’ hands to hold, “Cas you don’t… you don’t have to do that.”
They’re about three hours outside of Lebanon, coming back from a hunt in Montana. It’s also day eight without any sign of Cas. Not that Dean’s keeping track.
Dean’s gripping onto Cas’s arm as if the man is going to fly away and this will stop him, “Cas. Castiel! What pain!?”
“Cas” Dean croaks “Remember the movie room, the Dean cave as I called it. It wasn’t for me. It was for you. I wanted you to feel like you belonged, that you were never an afterthought. You matter so fucking much to me Cas” His voice shakes with nerves “I hated that I couldn’t give you the human abilities you were missing, but I did what I could so you felt included. I would never, ever intentionally let you feel left out. You’ve been in my life for so long it would kill me for you not to be there. It has been killing me that you're not there.”
“Hey” Dean calls “Don’t do that shit— Cas... you being here, hugging him, telling him comforting things, is still better than nothing alright. Better than any parent I had. So cut it out. Hell, you’re already a shoo-in for the ‘Best Dad’ mug on fathers day.”
Dean stops, suddenly unsure of what he was going to say so all that comes out is, “I’m glad it's you that I’m here with.” At first, he wants to smack himself, but then the fond look that sparkles in Cas’ eyes, erase that whole feeling.
Dean scoffs, “Dude you’ve brought back how many people from the dead? Healed how many people? That’s better than being good in the sack.”
Dean’s trying to put together the piece of his dream while saying “we'll leave at 5 instead of 4. Now go back to bed.”
“Your daddy is a very special person Gracie and one day we’ll tell you all about it. But for now I hope you can feel how much he means to you. How much he means to me. And how hard he’s trying.”
It was Cas’s turn to hold her again, sitting in the rocking chair with the tiny pink blanket nestled into his arms. His hair a mess, bags under his eyes, and a few buttons were undone on his shirt. But the smile remained permanently on his lips as he stared affectionately at his baby girl— their baby girl.
“Um” Jack begins, but Dean can hear Cas babbling about how the desk that they got is suddenly missing a wheel and fell over.
They ended up driving south through Texas, then west towards New Mexico and then north to California. They stopped when they wanted, ate what they wanted, did whatever people were supposed to do on a road trip. They’d been to these states countless times but never really got to appreciate the beauty in each of them. Cas was always researching for the next thing for them to do, finding the littlest towns that had so much to give. Cas found the best places for pie and Dean always thoroughly thanked him for his hard work.
Dean nods, accepting that answer but can also see the way his head quirks and his eye twitches. He’s lying about something and Dean feels it like a punch to the gut. But Instead of pressing the issue, he chooses to say “Gotcha” and turn back to the impala’s engine.
Jack hung around for a few days, it was pouring raining monday morning and Jack didn’t need to go in for class. While Cas didn’t have to go to the museum and only had an online lecture at 3. So they stuck around the house watching movies and the girls got their fix of ice cream. While Cas was attending his lecture via webcam Dean taught the girls how to make pie. Jack sat watching them from the dinner table, smiling and taking pictures. Presumably sending them to Sam and Jody.
Instead, he walks out of the building and down to where his car is parked, he tosses his backpack into the passenger seat and texts Sammy to find his own way home today. He’s in no mood to stick around this shit show.
Cas gives him a thin smile, he’s upset Dean can see that. He wants to reach out, touch him, comfort him in someway cause he hates seeing Cas so torn up.
Sam understands. He knows that Dean needs time to get this out of his system. So off he goes, alone but within the state of course.
Sebastian disappears into one of the two bedrooms as they start shuffling towards the door, pulling their coats and shoes back on.
“You are so much more than an Angel or a human Cas. You’re– everything to me. The reason I wake up, the reason I fight, the reason I want to get the hell away from this life. You and me, having our small family, having the life we deserve finally. You just gotta come back to me, we’ll make this a thing okay Cas. If you want it as much as I do, we can do this. We will do this. Just come back to me Cas.”
Cas is clutching at Dean’s arm tightly. Dean doesn’t even know what to think, feeling like he’s walking through a house that belongs in a magazine.
Naomi genuinely looks like a mess, she’s shaking, her suit unbuttoned in disarray, her hair disheveled. But she stumbles over to Sam’s body and touches his forehead. He gasps awake.
“But hey, get this. I think I found another case. This one’s outside of Dallas, multiple farmers waking up to their animal’s dead and...”
“I really don’t know what to do Dean” Sam finally admits defeat. There are books piled all over the library floor, some open some not. They’re not in any order and it’s gonna be a pain to put them all back.
Dean grimaces but wields his machete to chop off branches and cobwebs. He checks behind him every so often to see that Cas is still following. All of them are sweating like crazy in the heat, not used to it at all. Sam and Dean are both in jeans and t-shirts but have their flannels tied around their waists. While Cas is sweat soaked through his flannel and has torn the left leg of his jeans. They’re also dirty beyond hell from trying to locate the vamps in a junkyard a few miles away. But Cas wears the grit and sweat well, except Dean can’t let go of the thought of Cas having to take his shirt off. Focus Winchester.
They’ve come close multiple times to finding a way in without using Jack’s powers, but every time it somehow comes up with a loose end.
It was supposed to be a relatively small hunt. Some lone vampire in the woods of southern Nebraska. But as quick as they were hoping to be done, it quickly turned sour.
“That was the best friggin meal I’ve had in a long time,” Dean commented, throwing his napkin to the plate.
Castiel is sitting poised and proper in between loud cheering high school football fans. He’s wrapped in a trench coat while mindlessly watching the field. Dean really wants to stay mad at him but the guy is so fucking gorgeous that Dean just runs harder and ends up making the touchdown. His team swarms him, all shouting their cheers of excitement of playoffs but all Dean can think is "that’ll show him."
Sam and Jody announce that they are adopting. Two twin girls who are 6 years old named Sadie and Hannah. They get to bring them home next month. There’s a chorus of cheers for them, Sam officially gonna be a dad.
They’re about 6 hours from returning to the bunker after burning a cursed object in Reno (Dean wanted to leave asap ‘cause the sketchy owner of the museum kept offering Dean an outrageous sum of money for his car and there’s no way in hell he’d ever sell her) and well... Dean suddenly can’t get his mind off the idea of setting up a small room to be like a movie theatre. Or more appetizing to Dean, a Dean cave. Just somewhere with a large TV, a small bar, a popcorn maker, and a large enough couch that he and Cas could cuddle on.
Dean’s heart hammered, “keyword being: for now” he had said before pulling at Cas’ waist to kiss his cheek. Sam had rolled his eyes “what would you like then Cas?”
Dean wakes up in darkness to the sound of silence. He blinks to himself and looks down at the bed next to him. Empty and cold to the touch, he sighs.
“No, but please” He raises his voice, “I didn’t cheat! I'm telling you the truth. I don't have anything to back this up on other than my knowledge for this stupid class."
Cas suddenly looks surprised, “Right! That’s why I came to find you actually. He called, said he’s doing fine. He missed the first three days with enrolling kinda late. But he said he stayed in the library till 11 two nights in a row to get caught up.”
“Hey hey. Don’t stress about it and most of all, don’t worry about me alright. I’m here to look out for you okay?”
She rambled on about how not excited she was to be back at school but Dean didn’t listen to her as he just watched the blue-eyed kid from across the room. How his skin had a sun-kissed glow, how his green dress shirt and tie made him look too formal for high school. How his lips puckered with every line and letter he noted onto his piece of paper.
The little one curls tighter into Dean’s chest as Dean fixes the blanket wrapped around her. She’s so small, smaller than any child Dean’s ever held before. “Your daddy’s doing so good taking care of you. I can see how much he loves you, how much he wants to protect you and care for you. It’s hard for him I know- adjusting to all this but for you he’d do anything and he’s doing amazing. He loves you so much baby girl. Almost as much as you love him. You both have a special tie to each other and it’s amazing to see. You’ve got your daddy wrapped around your tiny finger and he’s so lucky. We’re so lucky for you. But you gotta remind him sometimes that he’s doing everything just perfectly with you. Nothing can come between that.”
Naomi hums, tapping her long red nails on the desk in the room that she’s now leaning against, “Your grace is beyond what any of us have so you could become human, save your father.”
Cas hums, “Me too. I’m so happy Dean. I don’t know what’s next but I’ll take anything and everything as long as it’s with you.”
Then Cas is coughing behind them, Dean finds his grey eyes that are filled with sorrow, “It’s barely anything Naomi. Not worth extracting.”
Cas quickly spits and rinses, then looks up as Dean tosses a hand towel at him, “You look like you’ve got rabies.”
Jack lets out a frustrated grumble, “This is just so- ugh” a text tone bings from Jack’s phone, he reads it before cursing “fuck.”
Cas has his hand on Dean’s thigh as they drove, having passed through a bulk of the states now on the final leg up through central Nebraska. But Dean decided to take a another turn which got him a odd glance.
Sam is suddenly by Cas’ side putting his arm on his shoulder, “Hey, I know I won’t understand exactly what you’re going through. But I hear you, and if there’s anything we can help with you let us know alright?”
Dean feels a wave of anger pulse through him, how is it fair for Cas to tell Jack that? To make the kid take care of Dean. That’s supposed to be Dean’s job- their job. They owed that to Kelly.
“Bullshit” Cas replies, the words blunt off his mouth making Dean’s ears ring. Cas swearing is something he can’t get used to.
And right now, again. Dean is no longer paying attention to Mrs. Anderson's lecture. Just staring at the back of Castiel's head, imagining what they could be if Dean had the guts.
This makes Dean go quiet, he can’t think about that. With Cas right here next to him, playing house with a 22-year-old who’s actually three years old but is also half-angel. Dean really needs his four hours.
Dean’s sat in an office chair, with Jack next to him. Dean is angel mojo’d to a chair, well Jack has power deactivating cuffs on. Awesome.
“Cas are you humming... Grease Lightning?” Dean asks. Cas looks spooked by Dean’s comment, “Whoa there. It’s not a bad thing.”
Naomi slams her hands on the desk behind her “You don’t think we’ve done that!” she spins on her heels, hiking her sleeve up to show circle bruises all over her arm “The last of us have been giving everything we have to save Heaven and it’s simply not enough. We need the mature Angels to remain at full power in order for Heaven to stay functional. But with Castiel wanting to become human... then he might as well be dead!”
The TV was shut off via Sam the moment their presence was made and the three other adults looked cautiously at them.
He pulls back gently. Putting his hand on Cas’ chest, forcing him to take a breather. Dean rests his forehead on Cas’, both of them catching their breaths.
Dean opens his mouth to argue but Jack cuts him off, “No more Dean Winchester Pity party. Go save Dad.”
“Perfect. You won’t hear from him till you wanna alright?” Jack chuckles “Thanks Sam, I owe you one.”
Dean clears his throat, “I’m sorry if I’ve made you feel excluded because you don't get human things. Me and Sam, we should’ve been better in letting you in on the what’s what but whatever you need, just say it and we’re here.”
Dean tries to recollect himself but he fails as another choked cry comes escaping his mouth. God, he hasn’t cried this much ever in his life.
Dean doesn’t fixate too much on the word anymore and immediately goes to digging through the small closet in Cas’ room. He tries to pay no attention to the trenchcoat hanging there, only feeling for the blankets as he pulls them off the top shelf, turning to put them onto the bed.
“Okay everyone if you are playing sit in the circle if you are not, sit outside the circle. Got it?” Jo shouts and slowly people begin to make a small circle that eventually ends up with about 15 people playing total. Charlie and Cas included.
Dean’s learnt his lesson and now knows to quietly sneak into the room. This time awarded with the sight of his husband sleeping in the rocking chair, his arms curled around the small girl that’s laying flat on his chest.
Dean rubbed at his face, “Us too. Me and Cas. He’s getting one last check over and then he’s free to go. We’re- we’re gonna head back to the bunker, clean it out and drive. Not sure where but somewhere. And you… you’re—?”
As much as Dean wants to focus on whatever new equation Mrs. Anderson was going on about, Dean couldn't help but notice Castiel's hands twiddle, and his stock nature got even more stock. His head then turned slightly, causing Dean's heart rate to pick up as if he wanted to turn to say something but couldn’t muster up the courage.
“Yes I was busy but Jack is... learning on his own now. So I thought I'd stop by, check-in, and give you the case.”
Dean hung up and stood there for 30 seconds before realizing he had to move to get everything done. And also holy fucking shit his and Cas’s child was being born today.
They didn’t understand where everything went wrong, we’re they really off their game that much? Dean was lucky he got away with a minor concussion and a few deep scrapes. Sam was still in surgery, having a bullet taken out of his kidney. And Cas was next to Dean, laying in a hospital bed— just like he had been in Heaven. Instead this time he was getting a blood transfusion because he was human. Dean held his hand and Cas woke periodically and squeezed back.
Cas told Dean he’d promise not to get drunk off wine coolers but the minute Dean had introduced him to Charlie, Kevin, and Benny. Charlie had stolen Dean’s new friend and had gotten the guy totally wasted.
“Not bad, salty and buttery and airy. It’s good,” Cas says popping a few more pieces into his mouth.
They all fall silent, Dean only lifting his head to look at Cas. Both of them having so much to say but not knowing where to start. But Jack breaks them out of it “Are you two okay?”
Dean tries to yells but again another wheeze comes out. Jack does look at him though and Dean tries to tell him with his eyes that she’s bluffing.
Jack submits his assignment well Sam hands out plates and beers (much to Dean’s disapproval). “Dean he’s 22, he can have a beer with dinner.”
They had movies nights daily (there was still a lot that Cas hadn’t seen) but Cas loved to use the internet. He loved to find things for him and Dean to do. They’d go to farmers markets and get fresh fruits and veggies. There was a new brewery opening in Lawrence so they went to check it out (Dean was all over that) Cas even got them out hiking and the view of the top of rolling hills. Sure Dean complained, hiking? For sport? He would much rather pass but Cas had done all this work. So off they went, a trek that was about an hour on foot and made it to the top just before sunset.
Dean bellows out a laugh as Sam snickers off to the side “Guess he had to go running to the other parent for advice.”
Dean clears his throat, “uh, no they say fuck over there too.” Cas seems to hum but is content with the answer.
Dean sucks in a large breath of air, “I kiss him, he kissed me back. He said we couldn’t and that was that. We ignored it.”
“I’m here Cas, I’m here” He whispers out, he leans up a bit to look closer at Cas’s face. The lack of freckles, the greying of his skin, the dryness of his lips. He looks so fragile, skeleton-like. But finally, after all these months, Cas is in front of him. He holds Cas’s hand tight, carefully though not wanting to hurt him. He’s so frail and thin, Dean’s never seen him like this before.
Cas sits on the couch with Jack while Dean sits across from them on a dining chair. They’re laughing now, or at least Dean is in trying to uplift Jack.
Dean finishes off the last of the beer in the bottle, “If you walked up to me and said that I’d probably throw a beer in your face.”
Everyone cheers at the same time as they all crowd around. Giving them their well wishes and congratulations.
Dean whipped his head to look at Cas’ beaming eyes “You should at least find out? If it’s worth checking out. If that’s what you really want?”
“DEAN I CAN’T FIND HIM!” Jack shouts, “I’m the most powerful being in the world and I can’t find my own father! There’s only one explanation.”
Later that same night, Cas had class so he kissed Dean goodbye and waved everyone off. Dean took Sam down to the beach to soak in some salt air and drink a beer out of brown bag. Looking across the ocean as the sun was setting.
Dean shakes his head and offers Cas an easy smile, “Hey it’s in the past now man. We’ll figure it out whatever you’re needing alright?”
Dean shivers, his teeth chattering as he feels water on him again but it’s only his tears rolling down his cheeks.
“Sammy I’m sure Jack was delighted to come home for a chill weekend and you pester him about school nonstop” Dean chides.
He’s more confident in his vocabulary, not guessing if he’s using the right term or reference. He’s developed the Winchester slang, able to dumb things down on the first try. He has a different way of speaking now entirely. Sometimes Dean doesn’t realize that it’s Cas that he’s speaking too. But with all of the good, also comes the bad. Or in Dean’s case, the frustrating.
Dean grumpily finishes chewing on the crust of his pizza, knocking back the rest of his beer to wash it down, “John Wayne can have funny moments!”
“Maybe you’re toxic behavior is why Jack hasn’t come around either!” Sam’s voice booms throughout the garage. Dean stops mid-step, Sam’s voice ringing in his ears. “Fuck you Sam” he bellows then slams the door on his way out.
“Dean...” Castiel starts by taking in a big deep breath, “I just wanted to say that I had nothing to do with calling you out for cheating. I-I merely was talking to Mrs. Anderson about a formula when she suggested so, I thought she was being ridiculous, but I didn’t have the courage to challenge her. I’m sorry that you had to go through that.”
Dean digs through the fridge when he makes a mental note to find a spot for a mini-fridge in his cave.
“I don't want to throw her under the bus but considering she kind of did that to me. I'm telling you the truth, she insinuated that you may have been coping off my work and I merely, went along with it.”
Dean stares blankly “The more the merrier right?” he says half-assed. On the outside, he could care less, but on the inside, he’s viciously trying to figure out why Cas is acting weird towards him.
DEAN: Hey do you need any ice or water over there? I went and gave some to Ms. Johnsons down the street. She gave me pie not sure if I’m sharing ;)
“Dammit! I really thought I had you” She took off her sunglasses, zipped down her hoodie and took her hat off. Dean was frozen at the sight of her, unsure if she was actually real.
The next day he has a game against an opposing high school. Westminster high school, home of the bulldogs. They’ve been the Eastwood Eagles rivals since 1981 and it’s been ongoing since. Players come and go but the friendly yet not so friendly rivalry stays.
Sam waivers his head back and forth, “Nothing… it’s just- it’s nice that you care about Jack like he’s your own blood.”
Dean pulled it from his pocket, the dead battery sign flashing “Yeah yeah it’s dead sorry. What’s going on?”
“Remember when I called to check up on you. You found out that Cas hadn’t been around. It was like a week before that.”
Cas lets out a long sigh and Dean can no longer hold his own body weight above Cas. So he rolls to the side of the bed, but still hugging against Cas’ side.
One of Naomi’s goons picks him up by the arm, hoisting him to kneel properly and lookup. Naomi steps closer to Dean, as he tries to inconspicuously pick his knife out of his belt loop, gritting his teeth through the pain.
“Hey, something we’ve both learned in this line of work is that family doesn’t end in blood. And Jack is… something special. He’s a kid man, and with his other dad MIA I’m glad he called.”
They all let out their own little chuckle but Dean clears his throat “I have to thank you, Jack. For everything, you’ve done, for me- for us. I’m so sorry you had to get rid of your grace, I’ll spend every day trying to repay you for that but really thank you, Jack.”
Dean sits with the blissful buzz running through his body. He genuinely loves this, the banter with Jack, and the pleasure of having Cas by his side through all of it. He’s reveling in the domesticity of it all and he likes it, maybe a little too much.
Jack hasn’t come home for almost three weekends now. Which isn’t helping Dean’s disposition either. Jack is the best distraction for him because the kid is so full of life buzzing around from thing after thing, Dean feels he lost this feeling months ago. His heart aches every time he thinks of Cas like he’s lost a part of himself. Sometimes though it feels like he can sense Cas, his chest doing some kind of flutter that isn’t his own doing. And every time this has happened, he’s prayed.
So this trip was to make up for Christmas but also see the new house Sam built with his team that the Winchester-Mills clan would be moving into in a few weeks.
“I’m going to propose to Jody when I get back” Sam had blurted. Like he had been holding it in the last 8 days.
“Come on, I’ll grab you more blankets,” Dean says as he finishes off his beer and stands up stretching.
They drop that topic shortly after and finish off the night when Charlie begins to yawn. They send her away with hugs and promises to keep in touch. But they’ll for sure see each other at the wedding in March.
This has kinda become their new normal, coming home after a hunt and spending days in their respective chairs watching movies back to back. After the whole zapping to see Jack thing they sat down here for two days straight watching all the Star Wars films (prequels included ‘cause Cas had to have seen them at least once— max) and Dean is enjoying every second of it. It’s a routine, something he’s never really had in his life.
Cas shrugs, “Sometimes I feel like it would be easier for a lot of things. But then I’d know what it’s like to get cold or have the hiccups. I could finally get Dean’s dumb references and I could finally relate to you all instead of feeling like an outsider.”
“I dared you to kiss Dean Winchester,” She said back with a tone of attitude that her dare was not fulfilled.
Sam flipped over the card, showing it to both of them “Castiel Winchester” he said with a certain poshness to it “It’s not a bad thing either it’s just— I’m not used to it.”
Dean clears his throat, “Hey you don’t think we fuck up all the time? Hell yeah, we do. And what do we do? We own up to it, and we learn to make it right. So, what are you gonna do?”
He tries to do some quick thinking but all of a sudden there’s a commotion at the end of the hallway. Naomi turns to the door as the ringing of Angel’s being killed hums throughout the room. But before she can even turn on her heels, she’s vanished from the room.
“I don’t know either Sammy! This fucking sucks I hate feeling so useless all the friggin time” He’s drinking a diet coke, cause he promised Sam he’d lay off the drinking. So he chugs back half the can and rests his head against the wall of the library where he’s sitting on the floor.
“I’m surprised that's all. He’s kind of on the awkward side so I’m glad people are taking a liking to him.”
Sam continues to ask Jack about school, but also about the whole Angel threatening him thing. Trying to piece together why they would suddenly want him after all this time. Dean tells him to lay off of it, but Sam seems concerned. He ends up building Jack a hex bag to hide him from Heaven’s radar. Which Jack takes graciously with a quick hug of thanks.
She sighs “Jack… Castiel is the only one who can save Heaven now and we’re going to use him as he has used us.”
Naomi pauses before looking over her shoulder at Cas before turning back to Dean, “You’ve been feeling him lately haven’t you?!”
After eating pizza and talking about the hunts they’ve been on recently, Jack flicks the TV on and curls up next to Castiel on the couch. Dean gives them space taking a seat on the floor.
Dean stands with an exasperated gasp, “No, listen- I did not cheat and I don’t care if you think I did just because I am supposed to be some dumb jock but my dad would chop my own hands off if I did. And I find it very unfair that I’m being accused of this when you both have no shred of proof so excuse me but you can both go to hell” Dean says abruptly, grabbing his books and beginning to step towards the door.
There’s quiet from Jack but then the sound of a door clicking shut “Yeah yeah. It’s… I- Do you think you could help me?”
“Jack?!” Dean exclaims up and out of his chair. He rests a hand carefully on Jack’s back, rubbing comforting circles, “You alright?”
Four days ago, Sam took some of that time to show Cas how to properly use his phone. Cas and Jack had ongoing games of iMessage pool for about 24 hours straight. It took Cas 4 rounds to finally get the hang of it and he laughed when he beat Jack. He continued to show Dean well asking for help on how to beat the youngster. But after all that Dean started his own with Cas. They sat for four hours playing against each other last night. Out of 15 rounds, Dean won 8. Barely making him the winner that Cas refused to acknowledge.
For the first few months, he tried (and oh did he try) to ignore his stupid brain coming up with stupid scenarios for him and his imaginary version of Castiel. He’d daydream in class thinking about how adorable they’d be as a couple, roaming the halls and holding hands. At night, doing homework he'd think about them sharing kisses under the bleachers and getting yelled at by coach. He'd imagine while driving home, turning down a different street that he'd be on his way to pick up Cas for a date. They'd pick up some food and Dean would find somewhere to park the Impala and they'd sit on the hood and watch the stars.
“Then go!” Dean yells “Leave. Like Cas did. He clearly doesn’t want anything to do with me, why should you?!”
Jack is now looking down both hallways, “It’s okay, he’s not on this floor” he calls beckoning them to follow. They wind the maze of hallways, unsure of how much time they have. Jack seems to be counting his steps when they reach double doors to a staircase.
Dean’s brain goes on the fritz. Are they talking about it? Is Cas pissed? Should they talk about it? Things were seemingly back to normal? Dean might still wanna pick up where they left off, but Cas? Dean’s positive he doesn’t want this. Why else would he say they can’t? Hell, it makes sense though. Cas being an angel and all that. Dean being a human and all that. How would that even work?
Dean and Cas gave Jody and Sam a few minutes to say goodnight to their girls before they called for a taxi to take them back to the airport. Their flight to Mexico leaving at midnight.
Dean bit at his lip “Promise me you won’t leave. Even if our fights are so bad and you can’t stand me anymore. Just don’t leave.”
Dean gasps, this isn’t real. He knows it deep down he knows it's the siren playing with him but he wants to live in this bubble.
Cas clears his throat and now stands collecting his coat, “Uh yeah. It’s late don’t want to keep you both up any longer.”
It took some time for Dean and Cas to show them around, but in the end it was a relief that the bunker wouldn’t stay empty. It was getting passed on, as the Men of Letters had always planned on.
“He’s not” Cas chimes in, “He got a DNA test done and we sent it off. Ended up having this whole to do with the PR department of the White House. That’s part of why I wasn’t around.”
“Oh right right. Um Sebastian these are my…” he pauses his eyes flicking back and forth between both men, but Dean glances at Cas who’s looking optimistic. He hates that his heart tightens, before giving Jack a nod of his blessing.
“We’ll talk soon,” Dean smiles before leaning in to hug the kid. Then Cas follows suit, “Please let us know if you need anything. And tell us when you’ve contacted your TA alright?”
Cas looks down as if he forgot, “Oh. I thought that when humans were home they liked to wear comfy clothes?”
At the 30 minute mark of driving, they find they’re out in the farm fields of New York state. She finally pulls over to an abandoned gas station and enters the decaying building. The windows cracked, weeds growing up the exterior walls as if no one has touched the place in 50 years.
“Don’t mention it, kid. I’ll give you back to your dad now before he stabs me.” Jack’s laughter can be heard from the speaker as the phone gets passed back. Dean huffs in defeat, “Hey sorry I don’t mean to y’know suffocate you.”
Dean is kind of confused by this question “Why would I tell you about my feelings when I have enough trouble telling them to the people I care about.”
“OH oh! Right! Sorry honey” Jack stirred frankly grabbing at the mans hand pulling him closer “Dean. Cas. This is my boyfriend, Gabe. Gabe these are my dads.”
Dean shakes his head, how the fuck is he supposed to answer that. “Sometimes leaving is the best thing Cas can do for everyone.”
The team continues to go crazy for him and he just basks in all his glory. Feelings supern accomplished that he could help his team win, The cheerleaders all chant his name and get the crowd to chant with them. It rings in his ears and he’s so glad for this moment. When the people finally begin to part and Dean can catch his breath, he looks up into the stands to find Sammy waving enthusiastically at him. He waves back, but not before noticing that Castiel has vanished from his spot.
“It was you and him in the Dean cave watching movies. You were on a couch, under this big fluffy blanket with a big bowl of popcorn and you two were cuddling okay!”
Cas hums like he’s trying to fit the pieces of the puzzle together, “It was unlike any emotion I’d ever felt before. I was furious, I was throwing things, breaking things, I wanted to release the anger I felt in a more destructive way. I thought it would help...”
“Is Cas around? I keep texting him, I got some questions about greek mythology for a paper and he hasn’t responded. Is his phone dead again?”
Dean is all proud and mighty when he’s wearing that blue uniform, listening to the cheerleaders cheer the eagles chant but when he finally gets the ball as running quarterback he looks out into the crowd. Stoked to see his Dad and Sammy cheering him on, as loud as they can be.
Cas is quickly climbing the ladder of being on a different level of Dean’s behavior. Making Cas become more of Dean’s type every time he opens his fucking mouth. It’s tearing Dean apart since he’s convinced himself that nothing will come of his feelings. And Dean wishes he could blame it on his sexuality. ‘Cause that would make it so much easier on why they couldn’t be together. But Dean’s recognized his sexuality mentally and physically long ago.
“Dean Iris went into early labor. I’m on my way to the hospital now, can you swing by the house and grab our bag of stuff.”
A whole 24 hours after their moment, Sam asks Dean where Cas is. Dean hesitates thinking of coming up with some dumb lie but he waits too long and Sam frowns.
Dean can’t help but feel a weight lift off his shoulders. That special twinkle in Cas’ eye that had been dimmed for far too long was returning. Dean smiles at him “You taught me that every small detailed way to do something was the right way cause it would mean more. And you were right” Dean pulls Cas in by the hip to lean their foreheads together “We got this great thing Cas, you and me. We added a little bundle of Grace to the mix and we’re even stronger now. You can do this, you just gotta believe in yourself cause baby you’re already there.”
Cas’ eyes are filled with pain, Dean can see so deeply into them it’s like he can feel what Cas feels, “He needs us both Dean.”
Dean’s been in a mood and Sam gets that. So Dean can understand that he’s trying, hunting is something that gets Dean back to being Dean, so finding a case this quickly is Sam’s way of offering help.
Cas hums then takes a sip of his beer “Honestly. I haven’t felt anything like I do right now, but it’s good. I don’t feel sick or sad. I feel happy? Something I’ve rarely felt before.”
Suddenly there’s the sound of things cracking like an earthquake then an emergency alarm has gone off.
Dean and Cas exit the sheriff's office for what feels like the 100th time when Dean catches Cas humming ‘Grease Lightning’ under his breath.
As if on cue Grace yawns and blinks up between her dads. They both stare at her as she yawns again and then curls back into Dean’s chest.
“SAM!” Dean yells, he wants to run over to Sam but he’s still sitting on Cas’ bed. Holding on to his hands and Dean cannot, in good nature let go right now.
Cas takes his phone out and hands it to her, she swipes through aweing at most of them. Dean took the moment to really be thankful for his life.
“I like keeping one to show off. It’s cool Cas” Dean beamed which just made Cas’s cheeks burn hotter.
“Cas” Dean tries but it comes out in a desperate breath. Something that’s barely holding himself together.
“I said somethings... like calling you a nerdy kid and stuff. I didn’t mean that. I swear Castiel. I’m sorry too.”
“Relax. I’m getting a beer, not jumping your bones” Cas sneers heading to the fridge to the right of Dean.
Cas shrugs, “It was weird tasting after being human, remembering the way my human senses picked everything up. Now? I’ve taught myself ways to put the molecules aside and enjoy food even though I don’t need it.”
“But Dean I don’t think he’s in Heaven. Sounded like he was in a busy city like New York or maybe London.”
Dean most times has to snap him out of it with a simple press of both his thumbs to the back of his neck, makes him sigh and come back to earth.
Dean knew this was coming sooner or later, that Sam would pry the information out of him so he could figure out a way to help. But Dean’s so tired of overthinking what went down might as well let someone else draw conclusions.
Tuesday was also rainy but Jack and Cas went into the school for the morning. Dean made the girls breakfast and messaged with Sam that everything was going swimmingly.
Dean doesn’t know how to process that message. But curls into bed and lays on his side, staring at the concrete walls of his room. Dad huh? The worst part is that it doesn’t scare him as much as he thought it would.
Cas is blinking at him, it’s like the old dick bag Cas who knew nothing. And oh how far they’ve come from that. Dean’s experienced every version of Cas and he’s fallen in love with each and every one of them. And the way Cas’s face suddenly softens, Dean’s certain he feels the same. But he waits, holding tightly onto Cas’s hands. The warning siren continues to blare. Dean waits for a response. And Jack lets go of Naomi.
“He called me. Said he was sorry for not getting in touch sooner. We talked as if I knew nothing but he knew that I did. It was… normal but I tried Dean- I tried to keep my mouth shut.”
DEAN: Okay Okay I’ll give you more time. I’m sorry if it was 'cause of me if I freaked you out in any way. I’m sorry.
They end up compromising deciding to leave at 4 am. Enough time for Dean to get his few hours of shut-eye and for Sam to be comfortable on the highway. They’re getting cranky in their old age, Dean realizes their bickering went on for 45 minutes. But still, he feels some sense of purpose seep through him once again.
“Come on Castiel. Go get your boy” Jo eggs on. But Cas doesn’t move, doesn’t get up, or even look at Dean and Dean is terrified. His worst nightmare and best dream all coming true all because stupid Jo had to intervene. Dean is over this, over feeling what he feels for Cas and being scared of it all.
Dean shushes him “It’s okay. You- we need to get you out of here” Dean starts pulling at the cords all attached to Cas’ body. One by one they detach from Cas’s weak body.
“No problem Cas,” Dean smiles to himself before turning back in his seat. Thankfully, Sam is entering back into the garage when Dean turns the engine of the impala on.
They make their way back down to the main floor and Cas immediately hugs Jack. “The painting. It’s perfect. Thank you.”
“JACK?!” Dean tries to yell but Cas and Jack continue to bicker. He hangs up a few minutes later, confused as ever.
They finish Raiders of The Lost Ark and wait for Sam who comes back into the room freshly showered, PJ clad, and holding two bowls. Sam passes a bowl to Dean and then a cold beer (alright Sam can stay) well Sam gets comfy on the couch behind them.
A week had passed and Sam was still wallowing, when Claire had called Dean saying she had a case for him and Cas if they wanted. He told her that Sam was back too, that apparently he and Jody broke up. She had told him she didn’t know. They both ended the conversation confused but Dean never told Sam that.
“I’ve- I’ve always kind of wanted to learn new things. Going to school sounds- interesting” Cas said solemnly well Dean gave him a interested look. “I didn’t know you wanted to go to school?”
“Do I make you horny baby?” Austin Powers says on the TV and Cas laughs. A genuine, gut laugh that makes Dean squirm in his chair but chuckle along with Cas.
Dean realizes he’s flush against Cas’ body. His hand tight around Cas’ wrists, pinning him to the wall. He can see every shade of blue in Cas’ eyes, the way he’s got freckles dusted over his nose, the way his tongue darts out and licks over his chapped lips.
Cas looked at Dean from his bed, Dean hadn’t left him alone for more than a half an hour since he woke up. “Honey why are you crying?” Cas whispered tenderly. He reached out to wipe at Dean’s tears but it only made Dean’s tear fall faster.
They now live in San Fran full time in an apartment above the bar. A space to call their own. They also were happy to be closer to Jack. Getting to spend more time with him and learn some more about Gabe.
JACK: Burnt myself pretty bad yesterday. But it healed within the hour. Perks I guess of being part angel.
“I’ve only finished my first year” Jack scoffed “Much more time for me to become wiser than you!” he teased.
“You could swing by now? I’m not doing much, we could catch up. You and Cas have been doing the whole world tour thing I’d like to hear about it.”
His heart swells for like the eightieth time that night and his palm begin to sweat. So much of this scenario reminding him of the first time he laid eyes on Cas earlier this school year.
“I dunno Sammy. It was weird. He was drunk off four beers, he was sporting some pretty thick facial hair and he was yawning. It was like he was human but he… he could still use his powers no problem” Dean half lies.
“I think they put up some kind of warding against me? It took more of my power than I thought. I don’t think Sam made it up here. I’ve looked everywhere. Sorry.”
Dean glares at him before throwing daggers at Sam and shrugs, “Okay, fine whatever. Where’s the museum?”
Cas hums with a grin, carefully wiping away Dean's tears with his thumb before tenderly stroking his cheek “Dean, I want you to know that for as afraid as you are to turn into someone you have never been. I am equally as afraid of retreating into the dickish ways I once was. But as long as I have you by my side, I’m reminded of what I chose to become that day. And one day I hope you can look at me and our future child and see what good you’ve put in both of us.”
They walk back silently to the backyard, smiles sewn across their faces as they enter back into the backyard with a greeting of gasps and mild tension.
Naomi steps away from the desk, closer to Jack who’s got frustrated tears rolling down his cheeks, “No I do. Because this time, I’m finally going to win.”
Dean raises an eyebrow in question But Sam ignores him and catches the keys Dean tosses him. Sam shrugs his coat on as does Castiel.
A kid about the same height as Dean walks into the room and sits down at the desk in front of him. He’s dressed in a blue dress shirt and black dress pants, a tie hangs around his neck neatly pressed and his blue eyes sparkle as they catch the sunlight. His hair is brushed to the side and combed to perfection and his smile is radiant, that it lights up the whole room.
Jack tilts his head while squinting, kinda like what Cas would do. There’s a table between them but Dean feels like the guy is as close to him as he can get.
And then it dawns on Dean, Cas is right. Cas has never had the enjoyment of going to a movie rental store to pick out some favorites to watch over the weekend or turn on the TV to a movie he’s seen a thousand times being aired or even the upgrade from VHS to DVD to online streaming.
Jack smiles “I told him I found out one of my dads is sick. He understood completely. Told me to let him know if I wanted to talk or anything… I’m relieved he’s not pissed.”
“The deal is… Castiel, Jack will put back your grace from Dean. You will heal fully and then it can be extracted. Jack will destroy it. You will have no ties to Heaven whats so ever. Jack will also give up his grace it will remain powering Heaven for eternity. He will become fully human and he will owe Heaven nothing. All four of you will be welcomed into Heaven when it is your time.” She pauses, turning to face them specifically “All of you will be free to roam between each others Heavens. All I ask is for Jack to hand over his Grace and I will send you all back down to earth without even a scratch. ”
Dean leans back against the wall, letting out a deep exhale “Pretty sure he’s been seeing a guy, for a while now. But he’s been—” Dean searches for the word “Withholding information about him.”
Dean looks up at Cas’ face, he’s met with faded, grey eyes. They’re sad, depressed looking. There’s no spark left in them. Dean’s quirk of a smile turns into a frown, but then his vision retreats and he can see the smile on Cas’s face.
Sheriff claiming a spike in domestic abuse casualties. But for a small town where everyone knows each other, all these casualties are very out of character. Some are respected married couples, others are new flings that have a chance at success, and even one case of teenagers celebrating a first anniversary. All where one partner shows up dead at the hands of the other partner.
That was the end of that conversation. But Cas must’ve said something to the kid, ‘cause Cas started coming up more and more in their conversations.
Cas still hasn’t responded to Dean’s confession, but he’ll take saving Cas over anything right now “All I want is forever with you.”
Dean fights back tears for what feels like the 100th time in the last week. “Where the hell are you man?” Dean mumbles gruffly, looking around like Cas would suddenly appear.
Dean gestures at him, “Yeah well Cas hasn’t seen it so we’re watching them and you’re interrupting.”
Dean looks up at the ceiling instinctively “Cas you better hear this cause I just listened to you two argue for 10 minutes and I want an explanation,” Dean says to the emptiness around them.
“Cas you told me exactly how you’d act when you got the call and I can’t believe how correct he was but you need to go, be with your husband and meet your baby.”
It takes a second, and Dean’s braces himself to be magically flung against the wall. But Jack hugs him back, letting himself breathe in and out.
“I was only trying to get this part going. Classes start in less than 2 weeks and I’m not even enrolled.”
“Yeah, it’s odd, pretty sure we’re walking right into a trap. Nothing unusual for the holy dickbags.”
Dean goes silent, he’s usually okay with all the supernatural things they deal with. But this, being bonded to Cas beyond previous terms. Feeling him all this time, dreaming of him so vividly he’s ashamed at the comfort and baffled at the complexity.
He leaves on that note, slamming the door behind him hoping that Castiel and Mrs. Anderson stay in awkward silence for the rest of eternity because they deserve it. Hell, it’s fucking stupid that Castiel would accuse him of such a stupid thing as cheating. He's got high 80's in the class, he understands the material, why is suddenly one test breaking the streak of his knowledge. Half of him wants to go to his next class and the other half wants to walk back into the math room and chew out Castiel.
“We barely know each other and I think we are starting to become friends and I feel that if I say this then nothing will happen and I’ll be put back exactly where I started.”
“No no. College. I’ve done research and I wanna go, but I need to apply and that takes high school grades and such.”
They say nothing as they pull into the bunker, Dean getting out of the car before Sam even puts it in park. Slamming the door shut and storming away.
Sam gives a crooked smile, “Well if Heaven has a boiler room, I’m pretty sure that’s where I landed.”
Well, I made out with your dad, and then he said we couldn’t, whatever that means. But he’s my best friend and I wouldn’t want to lose him over this, so of course, I didn’t make it a big deal. Except then your dad got drunk he started flirting with me and then he started reading my mind, had a panic attack and left and now it's been three days and I have no idea where he is and I’m worried stupid.
Cas took a seat next to her well she only asked for water “Long day of learning. I’m finally getting back into the tech world, feeling more open to it after all these years.”
If Dean could barely concentrate before this conversation, now he’s not even watching anymore. He keeps his eyes on the screen but his brain is screaming every horny thought he’s ever had about Cas.
Jack went back that Monday morning to campus to continue studying for his midterms. Well, Dean convinced Sam that they should stay put in the bunker till they know Jack is safe. Dean texted Jack daily asking how he was doing, while Jack informed him repeatedly that he seems to be hidden. But Dean didn’t buy it, making Sammy hang tough for one more day till Jack ended up calling him and telling Dean he should go on a case and stop being on his.
Tonight is their fourth night in Manhattan and also their last before they head back to the bunker in the morning. And Dean can’t sleep, not like he has the other previous nights but tonight, it's worse. He tosses and turns, the moon too bright as it peers into the decent but expensive hotel room (Sam said they could splurge for once in their life).
Dean knew sooner or later that Sam would find him in his work-in-progress Dean cave, except he’s surprised to see Cas standing there at the door instead.
Dean lets out an agitated sigh, “I thought you wanted to watch John Wayne movies. I already downloaded some!”
They stay quiet for a few moments, breathing and looking at each other. Making sure this is real before Dean says, “Can I ask you something though?”
“Of course it is. And hey you deserve it but I gotta ask man. Where will you live? And money? Who’s paying for all this?”
Grace Kelly Winchester was born on June 30th. The hottest day in June that San Francisco had ever had. She had big blue eyes thanks to Iris but all Dean could see was that they match Cas’s almost perfectly.
“Dean can wait come on!” She grabs onto Cas's arm and drags him away back over to the main crowd of the party. Cas looks back at Dean with sorrowful eyes and Dean has the gut-wrenching feeling that Cas may never know the truth.
Dean takes a step back and watches Jack seem to physically calm down. He looks at his phone again, quickly typing out a message.
“The day you left is when I kissed him. Then the drunk thing happened the day you came home. When he was panicking about how he was drunk and being tired. He was checking to see if he could use his powers and he read my thoughts. I don’t know what he saw exactly. But he’s been gone since.”
Dean stops Castiel with his lips, crashing down on one another and letting all his feeling be pressed into the form of his lips on Cas’ and damn it feels good. And when Cas unfreezes and kisses back it was like fireworks on the Fourth of July.
“Sorry. Sorry” Jack gasped, wiping at his eyes. Dean pulled him into a hug on instinct, he had seen the kid before him and Gabe had went off to Washiongton state but hadn’t heard much since then.
Sam scoffs, “He passes as 22 and hey you had your first beer at like 9.” “Yeah! And there’s so much wrong with that.” Then Jack cut in, “My ID says I’m 22 so?”
“Cas can we talk?” He steps closer to the guy, almost reaching out to grab him by the arm. Cas turns his head and looks into Dean’s worrying eyes, “Alone, please.”
The conversation changed a bit from there but not before long when Dean felt he could speak up “Jack have you given thought to what you want your major to be?”
Cas doesn’t get angry, Dean thinks. The guy gets frustrated and can raise his voice, but real anger. Dean’s never seen that side of Cas, unlike how many times Cas has seen Dean angry.
It’s happened more often than not, and Dean always tells him “you can talk to me about how you’re feeling. It’s okay Cas. We’ll figure this out, like we always do.”
Sam had offered countless time’s to come help Dean with reno’s of the bar but Dean was adamant he was fine on his own. But on week 4 of reconfiguring the kitchen and Dean almost flooding the place, Cas demanded that he call his brother.
That was kind of a lie it was usually the same sort of deal, do something gross or lick someone. It wasn’t all that exciting but when you were as high on life and tipsy on booze as Cas and Charlie were it was probably the best game in the entire existence.
Cas freezes “Oh… yeah the Cave. Dean, I don’t think I ever said how much that meant to me. Having those nights watching countless movies with you. I really wouldn’t trade it for anything.”
By the time they both retreated into the house, the girls were tucked into bed while Sam, Jody, and Jack were half watching an episode of ‘Diners, Drive-in’s and Dives’
“I know sunshine. I know. Remember when we built the Dean Cave, you gave me shit for taking the easy way out. That building all that was part of the journey. Well-” Dean half grins.
Dean knows he should be listening to Sam but he can't help it when his brain starts to repeat the news he had just found out.
More tears fall from Dean’s cheek and land on Cas’s frail hand. Dean’s vision is so blurred he’s wiping away aimlessly but more only keep falling. “Cas— you mean more to me than anything I’ve ever had. I’m lost without you. Come back to me you stupid stupid smartass.”
“Oh good, you’re up!” A voice snaps him out of his daze. When he turns his head, it’s Jack peeking into the room.
Dean also rolls his eyes, then stands to flick the lights off “Alright, all set?” he asks, getting nods from the room then hits play.
Sam finally got sick of it when the most recent (and final) time Dean prayed to Cas and got nothing back. He walked into town, drank, got into a bar fight, and was kicked out of the place. He ended up texting Sam to come to get him. Standing in the chilly December air with a purple shiner around his eye.
The flapping sound of Cas’ wings echoes throughout the garage and when Dean looks up, Cas is standing in the distance between him and Sam.
“Yeah” Dean sighs “and hey you know I’m always a call away if you need anything right? I’m here for you.”
When Dean returned to the cave, Cas decided on wanting to watch the Back to the Future Trilogy. They stayed up till 2 am. Eating popcorn, drinking beer, and laughing. Just casual, bro things. Well, Dean definitely didn’t think of Sam’s words and decided on making a move once or fifteen different times. Nope, he definitely didn’t.
Over the last three weeks, Jack’s been coming home for the weekends. Expressing he got more done in the bunker than in the library at school. Dean was overjoyed to have the kid around more often. Able to spend some time with Jack and keep an eye on him. Between Jack’s study sessions and Dean’s daily chores, they watched movies, played pool, ate junk food, and joked around. It was unusually normal and Dean savored every second of it.
Cas grins “The Leia to my Han” and god Dean doesn’t think we could love more. He laughs as he kisses Cas’s cheek “I love you so much Cas.”
Both Dean and Cas gasp at the same time and when Dean looks over at Cas he’s beaming. Like the sun would pop right through his eyes and stars would fall from his mouth.
to work at the museum during the early mornings with school being on it’s fall break. Cas was gone from 6 am till 10 am every week day but the girls didn’t wake till almost 9 anyways. Dean made them breakfast, sat at the kitchen counter and chatted till Cas got home. They discussed then what they wanted to do, the girls had a wishlist and wanted to do everything.
Iris was fit to leave the hospital that night but with Grace being two weeks early she had to stay overnight for some extra care.
After they finished Temple of Doom, Sam convinced them both to watch The Last Crusade. It’s almost 4 am as Dean crawls into bed. He’s resting his head on his pillow, on the brink of sleep when Dean’s phone chimes.
He loves every second of it and Dean doesn’t mind listening to Cas ramble on about something he finds interesting. He of course telling Dean bits and pieces of what isn’t documented, because Cas was there. Through all of it and that amazes Dean everytime Cas opens his mouth.
Jack looks at him, eyes narrowing “THEY DESERVE TO HURT. For hurting Cas, for hurting you, for tearing our family apart!”
“Jesus Christ” Sam sighs out loud. Jack is hugging him tight and Cas- holy fuck Cas, is looking right at him with all the relief in the world.
When Dean finishes glaring he clears his throat, “So what was Dad and Son duo doing for this tension to arise?”
Cas is walking closer to him and Dean’s heart clenches as he continues to cry. The man beautiful as ever, stalking towards him like a man on a mission. Dean feels frozen watching Cas come inches from his face.
Cas walks out without nothing more than a light kiss on Dean’s forehead. But Dean stays put, leaning against the cool tile wall of the bathroom. Wishing right now, that he had the power to zap out of the room.
Dean turns in his seat to look Cas in the eye. Those beautiful, blue sparkling eyes that are peering down currently, twisted with concern thought.
