He looked back in time to see Steve do the same to her. In all their months together as a pack, Tony had never seen Steve do that to anyone. At all. It was… very disheartening.
Rhodey’s eyes landed on him and Tony could see the moment he recognized him. Those eyes lit up, wide and hopeful. “Tony?”
Thor received the letter days later, surprised and delighted to see it addressed to his father and not the fictional jolly man Midgardians had created and catered to during the winter festival. Even Loki had been shocked and later impressed by the Midgardian child.
At that, still looking at each other, both Tony and Bruce noticed their cheeks gain a little color. When Jarvis and Vision released suggestive whistles they turned away and stared at the trees with interest. The cockatoo and machine snickered.
“Gentlemen so good of you to finally join us,” she said looking at a folder in her hand that, by some miracle, was not moving at all or being blown right out of her hands.
Pepper and Happy? He'd never seen the two so open with each other. In their business packs they would always keep a careful distance, even when working under Tony’s father. Happy as one of the pack's beta guards couldn't afford to be playing favorites. His part in the pack was to protect the
“You’re part of a team now, Stark. Being part of a team means thinking about someone other than yourself.”
“Why would the Avengers want us?” Tony couldn’t help but say. “They’re just playing around. We’re nothing but amusement to them. A big joke.”
Steve never seized to amaze Tony every day on how he handled things. It was so different to Hammer. Tony hadn't realized the significant difference between Steve and Hammer that he was going to witness before joining the Avengers, but now that it was happening before his very eyes he had to wonder, was Steve and the pack truly this kindhearted, or had Tony been purely unlucky and ended up with one of the cruelest shifters alive as his pack leader and mate?
“If we buried someone after catching them doing the do we would’ve turned over all the dirt in our territory a long time ago,” Clint said. His eyes were open now but his hand still covered his nose “Trust me, this isn’t the worst I’ve run into. I caught Thor with his pants down and let me tell you
Steve shook his head. “If I had just seen the patterns for what they were I could have gotten back sooner and stopped it from happening.”
In the heat of the embarrassing moment Tony ended up releasing a mewl and dropped his head back on the ground. In doing so he resulted in coming face to face with Natasha’s upside down dry look. “Good morning,” she said, appearing to find the situation amusing but refusing to show it. Her voice had the faintest hint of mirth. “It seems Steve took it upon himself to keep you warm for the night.”
“Trying to run? That just won’t do. I’ll go for the ankles. You go for the arms. We’re tying them down right here right now,” Clint grinned and rubbed his hands together.
The dirty blonde beta leaned against him, rubbing slightly. “This calls for a swim! There’s the river over there with our names on it and it's all for us.”
Before he could continue to gush on Jarvis and tell Bruce about all of the cockatoo’s achievements a very irritated chirp sounded from his bag and an annoyed machine rolled to bump against him.
On the bright side I ended up going back and rewriting the draft for FP, so expect things to be a little more darker than I originally intended. It just sort of happened.
“- sent you a letter each week hoping one of them reached you, gave you months to respond, but you never did. Either… either they were really good at never reaching you -”
He couldn’t say the same for other fans. There wasn’t enough support and the chronicler, Frank Finlay, after the comics’ cancellation nearly 70 years ago, went underground and the chance to ever know how the adventure ended was an out-of-reach dream now.
“Oh, you deserve a good stern talk to, believe me. What you did, running away from the pack in the middle of enemy territory? Stupid. Plain and simple. Dumbest thing you’ve done so far. You’re lucky Hydra seems to be the only enemy in the area. If we hadn’t chased them off already… Gods, Tony, what were you thinking?”
“I was just thinking of getting some bread and cheese to snack on,” he admitted. He wasn’t exactly sure what he could make without waking their entire pack up. Bread and cheese was usually the safest bet.
When he felt pain during his cycle that was all it remained as. Pain. He easily distinguished the sting from pleasure, if there ever was any. Never did it once mingled together. Never once had he struggled to distinguish where one started and the other ended. Hammer biting his neck had always been uncomfortable. Steve biting him had been a shock, but not… unpleasant.
A soft noise escaped from Tony when Steve placed a hand on his side. “Shouldn’t I be the one to pin you down?” He had been the one staring, after all.
Tony was listening, taking in the reasoning, but the possibility of ‘what ifs’ was too strong for his liking. What if - what if something went wrong? What if Hank measured incorrectly or mistakenly got the wrong ingredients that caused permanent damage? What if Tony’s bad luck reached Steve and out of the thousands of possibilities Steve ended up getting the worst?
“I love you,” Steve pulled his teeth away just enough to whisper this against his bruised skin. “To have you here in my arms, to hold you…” The hand on his hip moved down between his legs, teasing his lips briefly before lining Steve up. The tip pushing against his folds just so. “I love you so much.”
Clint nodded, apparently done bickering with his mate at some point. “My pots and pans will live to see another day with a Stark in the house.”
The alpha leader of the pack made a grumbling sound, mortified. “Please ignore them. Every single one of them. I don’t know any of them.”
“You know,” Bruce said while standing next to the shack’s door. “We only got to use this shack for two nights. We barely got here and already we have an invitation to join a pack. What are the odds?”
He does remember a brief moment after where all goes quiet. It terrified him. He remembers trying to call out, but the sounds he created were not human. He remembers searching the room, looking for his mate. Stepping over many faceless shadows until finally,
With ever growing energy from the knowledge that the Avengers’ home was getting closer the urge to join in on some form of cheekiness made Tony want to join in, but he knew not to push. The Avengers might have been welcoming, but perhaps they wouldn’t appreciate him pushing in on something that only belonged to them.
“It has been a while since we last saw it.” Clint thought it over then looked to Tony and Bruce. “You’re going to love the place. It’s huge with enough room to fit in an entire family pack and even some horses and chickens and a moose!”
“All right, no need to snap at me.” Tony reached inside and grabbed Vision’s circular body from the base before lifting him up and placing him on the table. “Vision, this is Bruce. Bruce I’d like you to meet this hunk of metal whose mission in life is to give me bruises, formally known as Vision, but I might rename him as Abuse.”
He ran a finger over the surface, collecting the small amount of dust it managed to gather. A feeling grew within him. One he hadn’t felt in so long with the looming dread hanging over him at Hammer’s and Stane’s presence.
“Hey, Brucie-bear, it's fine. No need to panic. Calm breaths.” It was easier said than done. Inside, Tony himself was panicking more than a little. “There are different ways to take down attackers than with a knife. Here,” Tony reached for the large stone by their feet and handed it to the frightened omega. “Hit as hard as you can. Knock them out.” He made a grab for his own stone. “You go left, I go right. Ready?”
Steve goes feral once and a scene of carnage, of violence, with blood everywhere, is left behind him.
War Machine calls it and they all quickly move in, bursting through the door and all readying their weapons. What they find even leaves Winter and Widow in shock.
Either way, they were crossing a lot of land. So much land that Tony had failed to keep up where exactly they were heading. He just knew they were heading west thanks to the setting sun and not much else. He tried to keep track of any nearby towns they passed, but the route Hammer had chosen was acutely picked to avoid running into too many eyes. Rarely were towns spotted. Even less were people on the roads. The beta guards were paid handsomely to make that possible no doubt.
When they finally entered the tub of water it was everything Tony didn't know he could experience. Safe in his alpha's hold, warm, soothing water. Didn't remove or even diminished the potency of Steve's smell on him, but the waters did wonders to his old bones.
A few armor alterations, including those for Pepper and Happy, and his whole pack was ready. From what Tony had been able to study while on the road, he adjusted each piece of equipment to each packmates specifications. From Steve’s infuriating instinct to throw his shield at his targets, down to Bucky’s habit to hit enemies with the stock of his rifle.
While Tony felt horrible for having made Bruce wait and keeping him from the food, he was extremely grateful that he wasn’t heading down to the others alone. The nervousness lessened considerably with the other omega by his side. Nothing compared to the previous morning.
A little later, the rabbits looked crisped and ashen and almost the perfect color of red. They were only minutes away from fully cooked and Tony’s mouth was watering from the sight. It just so happened that Bruce carried seasoning with him, what with him only able to eat cooked meat since he shied away from using his shift, and Tony planned to take full advantage of it until the day Bruce decides to leave.
Luckily there was no one on the road near the mansion and still no one made an appearance when the river started and gave him the calming sound of running water as a companion for the walk. Seeing as the cockatoo on his shoulder was giving him the silent treatment because of how early he had gotten them up and the little machine in his bag was in a down mood because Thor wasn’t brought along, Tony welcomed a little accompanying noise that wasn’t his footsteps.
Now that they were mere feet away from their home, he knew what his first task was going to be. His forge, improving his packmates’ equipment, a bath and food that his stomach could hopefully keep down. Not in that particular order. A bath was the most appealing on the list while food and forging were on equal standing. Actually… now that he thought about it, some food couldn’t hurt.
The alpha pulled a face when he finished it, smacking his lips at the aftertaste. “That’s some bitter stuff. Worse than the suppressants. Hank’s got a knack for getting rid of any flavor.” He stuck his tongue out in agitation as he moved the tray down on the floor. “His note said to give it at least half an hour. An hour to be absolutely sure it takes effect in time before we get going.”
Tony stood, wincing at the sensation of his left foot having fallen asleep and both knees aching. He was getting too old to rest on them. “Of course you can. What’s going on?”
“There’s the vote of confidence,” Tony chuckled. “I can always rely on you for making the proper decisions.”
The crowd cheered loudly. A sign the racing centaurs would soon appear. Tony reached to grab Peter and sat him carefully on his back to get a better view of the race. They waited for the winner and Peter cheered excitedly for his favorite centaur runner. Whoever that may be. Every year was always a different one.
Instead he enjoyed the embrace of his alpha and listened contently to the banter that continued around him. Now more than ever when the voices of his oldest friends were also joining in without the tension they carried beforehand. And now with Steve calm and
They were going to watch his every move and block every possible exit. Nothing short of an explosion would bring the fort down and open a path.
Then Clint’s laughter joined his own and his was accompanied by yips and barks. Then Jan, then Sam, then Hank and then Thor. The lion, instead of creating yips, had rumbles going along and small roars.
Steve had begun walking, half of the pack following after him. Bucky came over to Sam to clap him on his shoulder in sympathy, but his words were anything but, “Pretty sure you never had the title of favorite from him. Growing up with that idiot entitles me as automatically being his favorite -”
Tony and Bruce looked at each other. Both of them obviously didn’t want to but what reason did they have to say no? On top of that, why would the
“Hi,” the alpha gave a small wave. “I, uh, wanted to make sure you were all right.” The alpha was fidgeting. What a strange sight on a young alpha.
He knew it wasn’t pity. Steve had stated many times he was interested in Tony, wanted to court him… or at least that was what everyone had been implying. Natasha wanted Bruce, so it wasn’t pity for him either. What the beta had said was a lie, but Tony couldn’t help the small voice of doubt in his head… what if Steve and the others
Steve was going to chuck him to the side and never hold him the same way again. He was sure of it. Maybe with luck he’d remain with the pack but it’d never be the same between them. He wouldn’t be able to bare living so close to Steve and have him so far away. To not be near the way he wanted them to be. He gave his all to the alpha. Maybe he should’ve kept something for himself. Now he could be left with nothing, should Steve decide to order him away.
It had taken effort on Tony’s part to get dressed, but eventually, he managed to get his underpants on, along with his shirt, trousers and boots. There was a definite lack of armor in the pile given for both him and Steve, including Steve’s sword and shield and Tony’s gauntlets. Tony hoped the others were still holding on to those articles, otherwise, the owner of the building was in for a very unpleasant visit if she had run off with them.
In the middle of his seventh step he had to stop, instincts nagging him that something was wrong. He scanned his surroundings, finding nothing amiss, but something was causing his nerves and the hair from the back of his neck to rise. A bit unbalanced he pushed through the feeling and continued down to where the blacksmith was supposedly located.
He couldn’t even finish what he wanted to say. He wanted to tell Steve to let him keep his friends, wanted to beg not to be ordered to stop talking to them, wanted to plead not to have them turned away, but it was all stuck in his throat. He had pressed his clenched hand against his chest, shaking it uncontrollably from his emotions. He had closed his eyes and never noticed Steve stand or saw the regretful eyes on his alpha.
The pack passed through the doors one by one, Tony and Bruce lagging behind with Steve and (to Tony’s teasing benefit) Natasha. Once they passed through the doors Tony found the amazement they experienced from seeing the outside of the mansion was nothing compared to the inside. It was grand with a shiny wooden floor, rugs on certain spots, display cases on the sides that showed off a collection of knives, patterned shields that held no purpose except for decorating the walls, pistols and one scepter placed on mantels, chairs scattered in no visible arrangement, one large table and a chandelier.
The urge to run to his shop and start tinkering was a strong one, but he knew there was no time for it. The contract was a long journey, spanning days across southern land, he would need all the energy he could get to avoid being a burden to his pack. For now the gauntlets were perfect. Later he could make them even better.
Rhodey coughed and released a groan. One of his paws twitched and his face scrunched up in pain. His eyes opened slowly, trying to focus, and Tony had never been so grateful from seeing the beautiful dark color of them.
Tony had sat on the edge of the bed. Jarvis on his knee and Vision by his feet. He had contemplated how he could bring up the subject, how to just
Tony looked longingly at his plate when it was empty. He still had room for more but he knew not to get selfish when it came to food. Never take more than what you needed.
Wanting to make a good impression he wore Jan’s gifted outfit for the journey, fixed as much as he could of his hair to be considered presentable, sneaked as quietly as his somewhat unbalanced body (Jarvis and Vision causing him to lean on one side from their added weight) would allow him, went through the front door and began a light jog the moment he was free. He was careful to smell and listen for any signs of danger. It might have been very early in the morning but that didn’t mean there wasn’t a single soul up and about, especially on the road. Early in the morning was usually the time traveling packs reached towns and Hattan was no different with visiting packs.
The omega shook his head, eyeing him. Bruce must have picked up on Tony’s sudden attitude change. “No, but I can improvise. Plenty of flat stones to use.”
Vision cooed, accepting his apology, and turned to look at Steve and then Natasha and rolled slightly to get a look at the two shifters that followed down the table. The beta with the bow eyed the machine in amazement and pointed, “Is that, is that a
Here we are! Usually I update early morning, but I'm about to go on vacay so consider this a little early holiday gift.
Steve’s tongue twisted and pressed against his skin as he bobbed his head up and down. When Tony managed to control his movements and stop trying to stab his mate Steve held his erection with one hand and pulled away to breathe. The friction never stopped, but Steve’s dry hand prevented any pleasure from happening, nearly chafing his skin clean off. Now
Then, as if realizing the dire situation, Jarvis began to screech. Warning anyone within hearing distance. Calling the Avengers for help.
“Pick up the pace,” Stane ordered. “We don’t want any surprises. If the Avengers find us it will be your asses holding them back.”
“Are you having fun, Pete?” May asked the child sitting on Tony’s back. His height made it easier for May and Peter to be at eye level and for them both to see the large smile on Peter’s face.
the sight. You are not the first,” Loki chuckled. “Many have gazed. Few have lived to describe the experience.”
“Sir?” His heart skipped a beat at the sound of the cockatoo. “The cakes look especially delectable. Perhaps we should remain and indulge ourselves? With your permission, of course.” The last part was aimed at the two nearest betas.
, he concluded. Of course the Avengers would take some right before traveling the lands to complete long contracts. No traveling pack, especially war packs, in their right mind would risk ruts or heats in the middle of their journey, not at their most vulnerable time.
They still tasted the same, however. Nothing different there. He chalked it up as him being tired from their travels. Probably all in his mind. His nose would return to normal after a good and well-deserved rest. Yes, that was it. A nice bath first that had him struggling to get out of Steve’s octopus-like grip as the alpha had gained a habit during their travels to always place his hands on Tony’s hips and middle. No heated times since they were both tired. Just a quick bath and spending the last few hours of the day relaxing in the common area as the others took their turns bathing.
His alpha kneeled on the slippery, chiseled floor as he held Tony by his waist. His knot kept them locked together temporarily, and by the end of it one of them would give out from their awkward stance. Tony rested his head on Steve’s shoulder and shivered at the feeling of Steve’s fingers trailing up and down his lower back. His legs trembled at the unbalanced act they had made for themselves during their rush to touch, straddling Steve’s waist and legs dangling. He relied on his alpha’s strength to keep him still and in place.
,” at the beta. The threat fell on deaf ears as every one of the Avengers were nodding in agreement. All of them except for Natasha, who was busy giving her attention to Bruce.
He cursed that along with all of their youthful and fit bodies. He really needed to get working on his own to at least keep up and not drag too badly behind them.
The faces of the men who had been unlucky enough to have crossed their paths in pain showed him the true anguish his creations were capable of in the wrong hands. In Stane’s and Hammer’s hands. If they were willing to test his gauntlets on the helpless, who knew what despicable shifters they were willing to sell it to.
The moment footsteps were heard descending the stairs everyone turned to look at them and simultaneously, except for Bruce, Natasha and Steve, everyone either whistled or gave a bombastic comment.
His face was red for sure, something only his packmates were capable of accomplishing without fail, much to his chagrin. He ducked his head down and tried his best to hide using Steve’s chest, patting the hard muscle in silent question to turn back up the stairs. Steve could leave him to live among the pillows and blankets for the rest of his life. Have Jarvis and Rhodey bring him food and water whenever he needed them.
Hammer and Stane had a plan for him, but every plan had holes to exploit. Tony just needed to find the right one.
Eventually, with pure will and some encouragement by their packmates stomping up the stairs and shouting down the hall for them to hurry up, Tony was armored and ready for the journey ahead. Their bags full with trip necessities, Tony’s gauntlets safely tucked away and the buzzing of it’s magic reaching out to him to show it prepared, they made their way down the hall.
“Maybe you were, but not anymore.” Steve moved to get up, making Tony sit on the bed and grow cold from the lack of contact.
They hadn’t before and they wouldn’t start now, but the possibility of eyes, even if not from his packmates, made him shiver in disgust.
Someone muttered a “well damn, Steve,” but they were ignored. Tony focused on his alpha’s hard breathing. Holding himself together just so. Not wanting to risk anything he simply tucked himself against Steve’s own neck and shoulder and relaxed with the warm contact his alpha gave him.
“All right, all right, no one will follow into the bath,” Steve chuckled, twitching his bitten ear to release it. A wet tongue licking the base of Tony’s hairline on the back of his neck soon started after Jarvis wandered back over to nest next to Vision.
, and all he was doing was eating. Sometime in-between the third and fifth bite he must have closed his eyes without realizing it. When he opened them everyone minus Sam were already munching away at their cakes, Jarvis included but he was munching on a bowl of fruit. Sam himself was watching him with a smile and raised his eyebrow in question.
They managed to arrive just as the sun disappeared, allowing for the moon to take the night and light it with a glowing soft blue. Knowing what was to come soon once they got everyone together Tony’s urge to shift already and release a howl for the night sky to carry was a strong one. Had he been a pup he would’ve most likely been bouncing off the walls. Even now at his age he wanted to do just that.
The dark-skinned beta spoke up from the other side of the table, pointing at Jarvis. “More importantly, did that bird finish a complete sentence?”
Tony wasn’t sure but for a brief moment, he thought he saw Steve almost glare at the beta. He accepted the hand either way. “Steve.”
As a long-time best friend and brother who essentially grew up with Tony, he knew exactly what Tony had gone through. Spending his time with Rhodey had really opened up his eyes to his mistreatment under Hammer’s watch. When Tony was finally able to hear and speak about Hammer and Stane without trembling, his Honey Bear wasted no time in listing it all. Rhodey did not mince his words about his ex-alpha and, oddly enough, he was largely vocal about
exactly the Avengers were Tony found he wouldn’t have mind joining them for whatever they wanted him for. Maybe they wanted him as a pack mother? From what he had seen none of the Avengers appeared to be a pack mother and they were probably on the hunt for one. Tony didn’t have any experience being one, but he could learn. For the sake of his pack he’d learn everything he could.
“We thank you, Anthony,” Thor included with Loki now wrapped around his shoulders and chest, spiralling down to his hips. The python was nodding as well.
He would go with sorrow, sure. By that point he came to accept that Steve had won the little pieces that used to be his heart over and the thought of leaving Steve was heartbreaking alone, but… Rhodey had been there for years. Rhodey was the one to give him his baby bird and was the one he called brother. Rhodey was family and… and he and Pepper and Happy were all Tony had of his once decent childhood. Tony loved… he
The hours that followed were uneventful until noises of metal against metal began to start from the outside. There was trembling from the floor, someone shouting orders, and three packmates trying their damnedest to look innocent but ultimately failing.
Surprisingly nothing eventful happened after that. Tony went back to munching on his rabbits while Steve’s warm hand over his own was a constant in the back of his mind. Bruce did the same and tried his hardest to not let himself be open for the Avengers to start a conversation with him without being outright rude about it. Still, since Natasha was sitting next to him she mentioned a word or two to him and he had no choice but to talk. The silver lining for him was that at least Natasha didn’t appear to be a big talker. His one-word responses appeared enough for her.
"Oh my god, you dork", Tony finally gasped when he had calmed down a little and hid his face in Steve's neck. "I love you so much." When he placed a kiss there, Steve actually stopped his giggling as well and made a humming noise instead. "'m glad you do, 'cause you're stuck with me. The swim teacher's not even good for a fuck, I'm afraid."
When Peter yawned again, Tony sent him with his papa to the showers and cleaned up a bit. There was one muffin left and Tony took it with him, already knowing that Peter would be delighted to eat it after dinner.
Tony smiled happily when the elevator doors opened to the big penthouse suite they lived in. He put the muffin and juice bottles away, threw the swimming things into the laundry and took a quick shower himself before he just caught Peter on his way to a little afternoon nap.
“The question should be if you’re alright”, she replied, her voice breaking over the words. “I mean, I know you’re not, that’s obvious, obviously!” Her antennae trembled and when Tony reached for her she immediately moved backwards. “Please don’t touch me again”, she whispered. Mantis couldn’t look Tony in the eye, she couldn’t comprehend how he was surviving under the burden he was carrying around.
The way he said it, Tony could hear that he was putting on his seductive voice. He was trying to stay in character but Tony could almost feel him vibrating with giggles.
"Guh", Tony made and pulled a face before he giggled. "That's not as nice as I imagined it to be in wet shorts." Steve playfully bit Tony's neck, leaving another mark there next to the others that screamed 'mine'. He mostly left bite marks, but there was a green-ish bruise on Tony's clavicula courtesy of Steve as well. Licking over it as to not hurt Tony and let his hands dip lower, brushing over Tony's ass. But Tony was right, this really didn't feel that good with wet swimming clothes.
“Then I’ll wait. I’ll work through it with you.” Steve took a deep breath. “Why are you looking at me like this? What are you waiting for?”
Tony laughed, Steve's excitement spreading to him when he saw the beaming smile on his face. "Well then, show the way, you manatee."
“Slow arm movements, Peter!”, Steve reminded him just then. “And keep up the good work with your legs!”
With a sigh, Tony snatched the vanilla ice cream back. “It’s okay. I’m sorry I tried to push you earlier. I shouldn’t have.”
“Well”, Tony had said with a sour expression on his face. “Wasn’t like we could’ve known that you were somehow still traipsing through the time stream. So after we all returned, Strange sealed the time stream off.”
“Great”, Steve smiled. He liked having Peter over, and he liked even more how much Tony loved to have him over. “You’ll have to eat twice as much of the lasagna then.”
Licking a criss cross pattern over the shaft and wriggling his tongue against the tip, Steve didn't cease to massage Tony's perineum and had him writhing within seconds again.
Finding a hold Tony's body writhed against Steve when he spilled himself. Steve looked up at Tony, helping him through his orgasm until a blissed out smile spread on Tony's face.
"I touched something slimy!!", Tony continued to screech, waving his hand up and down as if he was trying to get rid of dirt on it.
"Awesome, Peter. That was really good.", Steve praised him from where he was still sitting, beaming proudly at Tony who was helping Peter out of the water.
Stifling another chortle, Steve put on his best Earnest face. "Of course it totally did, horrible!" He pressed his lips together but it didn't help, another snort turned into chuckles until he bubbled over with laughter again.
"Yeah", Tony said and gave his son a high five before he scooped the five-year-old up in his arms. "Now we can finally go for real beach holiday."
He was really proud because Peter had picked up the movements quickly when Steve had taken him to the local swimming pool where the water wasn’t so deep. Today was the first time that he was swimming in the Avengers’ pool without his floaties though and while Tony had been a bit worried (and had therefore made Steve take a floating tyre with him), Steve had been very confident that their son would excel.
Steve had dragged him over the island yesterday to explore on their first day here; in the evening they had gone to a club with a local live band – that had been very fun, especially the dancing and the vertical dancing in their house later. But today Tony wanted to do nothing but enjoy the peace of the private beach and Steve. His husband. A tiny happy sigh escaped him and he smiled. Steve had gone for a swim a while ago because he had ants in his pants and couldn't sit still for more than five minutes.
"Can I?", Steve asked, out of breath and with a flush all over his face. Tony kissed him desperately, moaning "Please" into his mouth.
“Well, no. You spoke to people in the past, they have seen you, what if they try to speak to past-you about that encounter?” Tony had leaned back in his seat. “If you mess with the past, you create paradoxes. First rule of time travel.”
"Your son is a menace", Tony announced and ogled the coffee Steve had just made. Without a word, Steve grabbed the coffee and walked through the kitchen into the open-space living room where a steaming cappuccino was already waiting on the table. Ahhh, Tony had the best husband ever.
“I’m sorry”, Steve blurted suddenly. He looked like he was about to cry and Tony waited for his anger to bubble up; for him to say one of the responses he had thought of when he had imagined this conversation over and over in his head.
"Hey, Tones", Steve replied and shook his hair like a dog, spraying the cool sea water all over Tony who made an indignant noise and almost fell off the chair when he tried to scramble away from Steve.
"So", Tony said quietly and patted down Peter's duvet. "I heard you didn't have your afternoon nap because of some spiders."
Steve made eye contact throughout as much time as possible while Tony took off his shirt, and then, when he lay there, his breath going quickly and his lips swollen and wet, his hair tousled, Steve said it. “I love you.” He leaned down and pressed a soft kiss to the arc reactor. “Every part of you. Always.”
As if to convince himself Steve continued to talk even though he moved slightly into Tony's touch. "It's a really cool cave, baby. There's a little tidal pool and it's all pretty looking out over the sea..."
Tony turned the predatory grin on his face up a notch when Steve didn't seem alerted by his movement at all. "What", Steve finally asked when Tony refused to come back closer for more snuggles but didn't talk either.
Her natural curiosity came through and even though it still felt like she couldn’t breathe properly, like the weight of the entire universe was lasting on her chest - or rather a shadow of the one that was lasting on Tony’s - she still could almost feel the tension in the air. When her gaze fell upon Tony’s trembling hands she thought how badly he needed a hug right now.
Tony had sighed and shoved his plate to the side so he could cross his arms in front of his chest and lean on them. “But, Strange sealed it off to avoid exactly that. The past is in the past. We have to understand that. We can only influence the future, at least we perceive the world around us this way, and messing with this perception is not good for anyone.”
The smile was almost invisible under Steve’s beard and when he raised his hand for her Mantis could visibly see Tony recoiling. She didn’t think about it though, she hoped for a glimmer of positivity from Steve after her core-shaking experience with Tony’s emotions. The smile slipped off her face, though, when she came in contact with Steve’s skin. For a moment she wondered how much emotional pain a single person could endure before she passed out.
"I'll tell you a secret though", Steve groaned, trying to pull back to get out of the spell Tony could so easily put on him with just a batting of eye lashes and that smirk. "If you come with me I'll suck you off."
Steve looked up at Tony from under his lashes and made a purposely slurping sound against Tony's sensitive skin.
"Oi, already impatient?" Usually Steve was the more dominant one during their bedroom activities, but he enjoyed it when Tony decided to take the lead from time to time. This came with incredible amounts of teasing, though, and while Steve loved that, he also hated it.
Tony got up and took one last look at Steve. “Maybe you should talk to Bucky and Sam about being... back. You can’t hide here forever.” And with that Tony disappeared out of the bathroom.
It turned out that what had happened in this reality wasn’t so different from what he had experienced. In 2018, Thanos had collected the infinity stones and snapped. Tony had made it back to Earth a couple of days later and they had gone to Thanos garden planet where Thor had chopped his head off. Then Scott had tumbled out of the quantum realm and Tony had invented time travel five years earlier than he’d done in what Steve had experienced as his reality. They had collected the infinity stones from the past, Bruce had snapped everyone back into existence – and somehow no other version of Thanos had realised what they were doing and had stayed where he belonged: in the past. With their ‘time heist’ successful and the universe in balance again, they had brought the stones back to where they had taken them from.
Steve's entire body was shaking from his burst of laughter, he didn't even manage to kiss Tony properly because he was laughing so hard. "Oh my god", he gasped out when he could breathe again and wiped a tear from his eye. "Did you really just start screaming about some perfectly harmless plants right after sex? You're adorable. I love you so much, you idiot."
Tony’s voice was only a rough whisper and he could feel a single tear running over his face. For an endless second Steve continued to stare at him and then - then there was warmth all around him. Tony buried his face in Steve’s neck, inhaling his scent and ignoring the stench of blood and dirt on him, just focusing on having him in his arms.
sets of dishes by hand as therapeutic – Steve hoped that Tony had forgotten about the only half finished conversation but Steve should’ve known better.
“Bedside drawer”, Tony replied and stretched to open it, throwing the bottle at Steve who caught it out of the air.
“Well, I personally didn’t do it?” Steve didn’t want to sound like it was an excuse, but he was also unsure if he wasn’t living a life that belonged to someone else. It felt like it was made for him – Tony being soft, a world with no immediate danger for the moment – and still, he feared he was taking what wasn’t his.
Steve got up and approached Tony slowly. He didn’t want to give him the feeling of being trapped against the counter, but he also wanted to look into his face. “You didn’t kick me out when I showed up. You explained. You were patient. You’re letting me stay. Please, let me stay. Let us have this. There’s no more time to lose, is there?”
On his way back, Steve got off the motorbike Tony had gotten for him and walked back into the forest, plucking a pretty flower here and there until he held enough that it was almost a small bouquet. He grabbed a couple leaves – or grass, Steve wasn’t great at identifying plant things; they were green things that seemed to go well with the rest of the wildflowers.
Finally managing to stop staring at the combination of the sexiest person on this planet in probably the tackiest swim wear on this planet, Tony got his sass back when he focused on Steve's face. Instead of on the outline of his dick, they'd get to that soon.
“Be a good little omega and stay still.” His coat was pulled up. “I’ll treat ye nice and gentle.” The button of his pants was worked loose. “We all will. Fuck ye one at a time. Together, too, if ya want.” Zipper pulled down and Tony choked out a sob. “Best fuck ye’ll ever ha -
“You really think, if given the choice, everyone is going to pick sleeping on the ground instead of sleeping on a bed? Would you?” Denial was on the tip of his tongue, but Rhodey would have none of it. “Don’t even pretend you’d pick sleeping on the ground. I remember how much you whined about the dirt getting on your fur.”
He was ready to accept going for days without any knowledge of his packmates when Rhodey suddenly pulled back. His eyes shined with determination. “A little moral support never hurt anyone. Come on. Just the thought of standing idly by and doing nothing is getting my fur all mangled.”
They sighed, only for Tony to choke on his spit and for Steve to release a whimpering noise once Thor’s words caught up. “Warriors? As in plural? As in two?” Tony squeaked out. Steve went a little pale, almost faint. Sam had to put a hand on his shoulder to keep him from hitting the ground.
A whistle nearly made him jump. So unexpected for his current situation. Bucky walked over to him while staring at the direction Steve most likely left to. “Didn’t know you had it in you. The shouting,” he elaborated when Tony frowned in question. “I knew Stevie was getting overbearing and you’d eventually snap, but actually seeing it happen? I’m impressed. Lets me know you won’t take everything Steve does or says.”
close to ordering them put, but he knew he had no right to, not when he practically begged Steve to take him along for the contract because he feared being left behind. Jarvis and Vision, similar to himself, didn’t want to get left behind either. He couldn’t go against them unless he wished to be a hypocrite.
Tony burrowed his fingers deeper into Steve's fur, silently thanking whatever instinct made Steve head for town in search of him. Otherwise he'd be in the middle of something he didn't want to think about. “I'm sorry for worrying you.”
Tony had lost count of exactly how many times Steve had knotted him. With Tony’s fogged up mind, thanks to his heat, time had blended together. He didn’t even know if Steve had gone soft once in-between their rutting. Memories blurred and he could’ve sworn he and Steve had at one point remained knotted together for hours. With the way Steve hardly paused with his thrusting and his inflated knot practically became permanent, Tony would easily believe it.
Steve moaned against his lips, hands consciously - or unconsciously - kneading his cheeks and running over his thighs. The twitch of strength that occasionally made itself known by squeezing enough to possibly leave bruises showed how much the alpha was holding himself back, showing an incredible feat of control. Tony had a small moment of guilt for making the alpha suffer and quickly moved to remedy that. He reached down between his legs to palm the bulge under him. He was shocked to find the bulge felt larger than he had expected, far larger than what he had ever felt with Hammer, and this was with Steve still wearing his pants.
“Are you looking forward to the day? Hattan has a large variety of shops, vendors and stands. Some of them are questionable and overpriced, but most of them are honest.”
of his ability to manipulate magic. Panic clawed in his chest and breathing became difficult. Only, instead of grinning madly or demanding something of him like Tony expected Loki rolled his eyes, muttered words and tapped his forehead. All at once the panic and the fear melted away and breathing continued as if never interrupted.
Did he want to swim with the Avengers that required him taking off his clothes and revealing his scarred and malnourished body to shifters who were in their prime and had bodies that sculptors could only dream of creating? No, he really, really didn’t. Tony wasn’t ashamed, per se, he was actually proud that his body wasn’t bulging and flabby like it tended to happen to most shifters around his age. What he wasn’t proud of was his underweight and the scars that decorated his chest. His body was a shadow of its former self, angular and scrawny and not the ideal image of an omega that could bear healthy children. His old, wrinkled clothes that he used to wear with pride didn’t fit him anymore, draping him like a blanket now, and the scars? They were a memory Tony would rather keep locked up and forgotten.
It didn’t make a difference. They all knew damn well what he was going to claim. They all grinned as his face turned red. Even Rhodey and Pepper.
Not really understanding but not wanting to make the serpent angry Tony furiously wiped his eyes with the cloth. “I d-didn’t mean to -”
He doesn’t remember for how long he remained covering his mate’s body, but he does remember a faint heartbeat that kept him rooted. His hope enduring for as long as it beat. Then, more faceless shadows come in.
The fact that Tony’s pack hadn’t tracked him down as of yet was a reason for concern. Tony trusted his pack with both his life and his pup and he knew Steve and Rhodey would salt the very land they walked on in order to find him, but for so many days to pass by without sight of any of them… Tony didn’t want to think of the implications.
Now here he was. Alone in an unfamiliar forest, probably still in enemy territory or entering new enemy territory, and he was starting his heat with no protection and no mate. His pack, as kind-hearted and understanding as they show themselves to be, were probably worried and getting frustrated by his repetitive behavior.
For being a war pack highly praised by shifters all over the east side of the continent they sure were energetic and free spirited and not at all in the serious way that was expected from warriors to behave like. It was safe to say Tony was surprised at how easy going they all were, including Loki, considering no one that somber would have put up with a pack such as the Avengers and not lose it.
The shift from constant to barely there wasn’t sudden, and Tony wouldn’t have noticed at first if not for his recently accustomed habit of reaching out to grasp Steve’s hand and always expecting it to be near. Instead of grabbing the alpha’s his hand closed around Bruce’s instead. After that he noticed the increasing lack of Steve, and it hurt to watch it happen. His heart had been invested. Every broken piece. If possible those pieces broke even further the more the alpha pulled away. He couldn’t even take walks around the mansion to help ease the sorrow that built. Bruce, Jan and Clint were adamant to spend their time indoors.
Turned out, according to Bruce, Tony had gotten a sprained wrist. Tripping on his jump as he ran away from the pack he abruptly bumped into had injured his paw, and continuously using it to run back to Vision and Bruce made it worse. The injury carried over to his wrist and had required to be wrapped. Thankfully, Bruce was a doctor and seemed to know what he was doing. A good rest with no labor on his wrist and Tony should be good as new in a day or two. That meant no tinkering or hunting for Tony, Bruce’s orders.
“You don’t need to split up and search for Bruce. He’s right here with us.” Tony held his breath. This was it. Everyone exchanged confused looks with each other at her words. They followed her gaze when she looked up at the Hulk. They each frowned, not understanding yet. “Hulk here sometimes goes by Bruce, and Bruce goes by Hulk. They coexist in the same body. You could say Hulk is Bruces’ shift and Bruce is Hulk’s.”
“Let’s hope not,” Tony said. He suddenly took off his coat before unbuttoning his floral print shirt. He pulled the garment off of him, revealing his sleeveless undershirt.
“Hmm, you do make a point,” Clint uttered, he skipped ahead of the other three, “Come on guys, we have 30 minutes till lunch ends.”
“You’re going to do a form of in-school community service. You’ll be helping our volunteers work on a construction project, four hours, three days a week, after school hours or weekends, depending on the pre-planned schedule for the week. A lot of the times the days reach up to five, if you guys don’t finish the work assigned within the three days or if there aren’t enough volunteers that week due to other commitments they may have.”
After half-heartedly taking Coulson’s words in, Tony was allowed to head back home. The first thing he did was go straight to his room, closing the door shut. He slipped off his shoes and flopped down on his bed before pressing his face against the pillow, savoring the new founded comfort. It was warm, cozy, and just what he needed. Tony was surprised at how tired he was, he barely even did much at the construction site, mainly just watching...and watching...and watching, minus a little bit of practice.
Tony pushed himself up on his chair, now sitting cross legged on it. He pulled himself closer to his desk, continuing to revise the blueprints to a new project on his laptop. On his large laptop screen, he had two windows open. Adjacent to the pictures of the blueprints, was a window of an ornate design of the solar panel project that Peter sent to him. They were currently working on it together since Tony could only explain so much in words alone.
“Speak for yourself, Tony,” Rhodey said, earning some more laughter from the others, “I’m worried you’ll get alcohol poisoning from this.”
“I can handle it. The essay part is tedious as hell, but everything else is fine. I’ve already got a couple of references just yesterday.”
“I can watch your stuff here while you guys watch him make a fool out of himself,” Rhodey said, “Take a video and send it to me.”
knew he lived several houses away from you?” Natasha said, her hand practically hiding the top half of her face. Her elbow was perched on top of her desk as she rubbed her temples in complete second-hand mortification.
Tony arrived to his first period class, two minutes before the bell would ring. He promised himself he would go to the front office and explain his Saturday detention absence first thing, but he arrived later than anticipated. He scanned the classroom for empty desk and got himself seated in the first one he could find.
“Like I said, I know you find much more enjoyment in things other than this,” Coulson continued, “But if you come in every day with the negative outlook, expecting the worst than that’s how things going to feel.”
At the sound of Bruce’s voice, Tony shuffled around in his seated position. He did not want to stand up.
“Lighten up a bit, would you?” Tony defensively said, he changed his tune once he saw Steve’s lowered brows, his aggravated expression unchanging, “Fine, fine, Steve it is.”
They could only look on in astonishment as they watched Tony pull the undershirt off, tossing it to the ground beside the floral outfit.
It was the reason why Tony dismissed the notion of regular public school. It didn’t stimulate his brainpower enough. The repetitive, memory-based assignments just didn’t do it for him. He’d rather divert his attention onto different things he deemed more fulfilling like his lab, his friends, and the activities that went hand-in-hand with his vivacious social life.
Tony’s back harshly collided with a door frame. He got so carried away in his conversation– squabble with Steve that he didn’t bother to look to the back of him. He grimaced, rubbing his back as a poor attempt to soothe the pain. He gritted his teeth, watching Steve bypass him through the hallway’s doors without even asking if he was okay.
“Long story, I’ll tell you later,” Tony whispered. He guessed Darcy was one of the few who didn’t know about how he got into trouble.
Obviously, Tony never thought about it that way. Though, his sour mood was just about dampening everything he heard or saw.
“Found it,” Natasha said, pulling out a bag of pre-rolls that were mixed in with a couple of golf ball sized cannabis clumps. They were a darker green hue than the cheaper alternatives. Beside Natasha, Tony spat out a large glob of mint chip cookie in disgust.
Tony waited as he noticed the words “typing…” periodically appear beside Peter’s name. He could sense Peter’s excitement through what was probably his sporadic typing.
Natasha shifted her position, facing the front of the classroom to pay attention to the teacher’s droll and boring lecture about Cavalieri’s Quadrature Formula.
“He’s just a kid depraved of attention; you shouldn’t let him get under your skin. He’ll move onto someone else to annoy if you ignore him.”
“So it’s about the automatic solar tracker Ned and I have been working on, last time you said I should reinstall the software connected to it, but that turned out to be a bust, so I disassembled and reassembled it like three times and there still wasn’t any change. Mr. Harrington couldn’t even answer my question and everyone else I ask seems to be completely stumped about this so…who knows better than you when it comes to this stuff.”
He actually found it quite therapeutic to multitask, working on his own project while helping Peter. It was a much-needed challenge for his brain. Plus, he loved the solace of isolating himself in his spacious workroom after a long day at school, having time to do what he was most passionate about.
“I get mandatory community service for four hours, three to five days of the week, Saturday detention every other week, and no more absences or tardies. Oh yeah! And a 2000-word essay on why it’s wrong for me to run around in my underwear in front of my principal’s house! Easy-peasy.”
“He got caught streaking the Principal’s house!” A new voice said, quite loudly. Tony could hear a few stifled laughs nearby. Darcy looked on in shock, putting two and two together.
“In addition to that, you won’t miss a single day of school, unless it’s an absolute emergency,” The principal interjected, “And you’ll write a 2000-word essay on how wrong it is to represent Shield High with unprofessional behavior.”
He couldn’t believe this was actually happening. Maybe this was worse than being expelled. Or maybe not. Maybe this was a horrible, horrible dream or maybe he was hallucinating. He didn’t sleep so well last night.
Large pieces and crumbs of food laced the floor while some of the furniture, tables and sofas particularly, were overturned. There were small puddles of spilt drinks while crumbled napkins and plates were dispersed throughout the area. Even some plastic cups were left on the ground, alcohol spilling out of them.
“Seriously?” Steve said, the side of his lips opening up in what Tony guessed was a half-smile. That was the first time Tony saw the guy amused, at least with something involving him.
“Come on, Dad. You know what types of projects I do in there,” Tony retorted. He only huffed when his father wouldn’t respond to that.
“We were about to play ‘Never Have I Ever’,” Darcy Lewis spoke up, her jolly voice a contrast from Natasha’s more serious tone. The brunette patted the empty lawn chair next to her, “Sit down and join us.”
“Can’t you translate your ingenuity onto this project?” Coulson said, causing the other to raise their brows, “I can let you add your own input or suggestions onto how we go about it. Some of our volunteers have done that before and we’ve even changed course on a few aspects of the assignments they were given because of that.”
The further away his steps got, the more tense things felt. It was completely silent between the two boys, Steve remaining in his spot and unmoving. Weren’t they supposed to go out to the construction site? Tony slightly frowned, he wouldn’t let himself shrink under the blonde’s imposing stare.
Tony blew out a noisy breath, a tinge of frustration emerging. Of course, that’s what Steve thought about him.
“I’ll be in my office since he’s meeting me there,” Coulson said. He noticed the stiff body language between the two boys, his discomfort surfacing just by looking at them, “The both of you look like you saw someone get run over by a truck. Why don’t you two introduce each other to yourselves, get comfortable. You’ll both be working a lot together for the rest of the year so that initial bond is important.”
"I'll take care of this myself." With this announcement, Tony grabbed Steve's shoulders and started to fuck himself down on his fingers. He knew that Steve would stare at him, how his hard cock was bobbing up and down and how Steve's fingers disappeared in him – and Steve would not be able to resist having Tony on top of him.
Steve was still trying to catch his breath while Tony looked at his face. He was smiling, and he looked like he’d finally found what he was looking for. “I love you”, Tony said quietly.
When Steve bit the inside of Tony’s thigh, Tony exclaimed a loud: “Ah, fuck me, Steve! Please, baby, please, I need it, I’ve wanted this for so long.”
He took one more look at Tony's disgusted face and that was it. With the mix of first being heavily turned on and happy before panicking and now being relieved that nothing had hurt Tony, Steve couldn't hold his laughter back.
“I love you too”, Steve replied out of breath, his arms framing Tony’s face on the mattress. “I love you so much, Tony, you’re mine, you’re mine!”
Tony only nodded, his eyes focused on Steve when he crawled on top of him, kissing him again and touching him all over.
Tony snorted and playfully grinned up at Steve, his hands wandering over Steve's hips to the perfect V-shape over his groin. "Hmmmm, true. Thankfully there's an umbrella here so..." He placed a kiss on Steve's chest, following the line of his pectorals and giving his nipple a little lick.
much, and he looped his arms around Tony’s waist and pulled him closer. Their kiss wasn’t soft, it was passionate and their teeth knocked into one another and Steve was pretty sure that he had almost lifted Tony off his tiptoes at one point. But when they parted they were both smiling like the universe had finally done something right and kissed again just to make sure. To make sure it was real.
“I will”, Steve whispered. He was pressing kisses to Tony’s neck while he let his hand explore over Tony’s abdomen and his thighs, rolling a bit to the side so he had better access but not touching Tony’s cock yet. “You deserve the attention. You’re so good for me, aren’t you? Look at how much you love this, you’re so beautiful.”
Determined to make a nice dinner for Tony he grabbed everything he needed for a vegetable lasagna and got to work, letting JARVIS play some 70s pop songs. Just when he was done, the lasagna in the oven and all surfaces clean again, he was humming along to ‘Waterloo’ and decidedly
"I'd rather you wouldn't only look but also do something." Tony wriggled his hips closer to Steve who started to grind down against Tony's body, connecting their mouths once again.
Now it was Steve’s turn to smirk down at Tony. He hurried to the bedroom and softly put Tony down on the mattress. “Let me take care of you.”
When Peter arrived at the other side of the pool, Tony started to clap. “Well done!”, he cheered, grinning proudly. “Maybe your superhero name is going to be Aquaman.”
“I think I fucked up... time”, he replied quietly, the feeling of panic and horror from earlier swirling in his guts in a prickly feeling until he looked into Tony’s eyes. It was ridiculous, it shouldn’t be that way, but as soon as he looked at Tony, close enough to smell his aftershave, he calmed down. It would be okay. “In any case, I tried to get back to the present, to 2024, where we won against Thanos. But... I ended up here.”
"Wow", Tony made and stared up with big eyes. "Told you it's nice", Steve preened. He put his hands on Tony's hips and lifted him up enough that he could easily crawl onto the flat part of the rock. Tony immediately reached for Steve to help him, but Steve just pulled himself up.
Tony scooted even closer and put his head down on Steve’s chest so he could listen to his heart beat. He felt safe, taken care of, very satisfied and a thorough warmth filled him from the inside; he wished they could stay like this forever; though he’d settle for the duration of a nap at first. “You’re not leaving me again, are you?”
Steve was having none of it, though. "But having you here for me, so pretty and a little wet... that's giving this seashore the special something."
For his trouble to come up with such a cute pet name Steve turned around and lifted him bridal style. Immediately knowing what his cheeky husband was up to, Tony started laughing, wrapping his arms around Steve's neck. "Oh you asshole, if you throw me in-"
"Love seeing you like this", Steve whispered and lifted Tony's legs a little, adjusting his own position from kneeling to almost lying down. He took his time to lick over Tony's balls, swirling his tongue around them and making Tony curse loudly at the feeling before he pressed his thumb to Tony's perineum.
"You're so beautiful", Steve whispered when he pulled back for air. "This nature stuff here is amazing and all but there is nothing in the entire universe that I would rather look at than you."
“It means, we still changed things in the past. I think you fought yourself in the past. Things like that. It would’ve created a paradox. For example... let’s take an easy example. There’s a cake in the past and you time travel to eat a slice. Even if no one saw you, the person who would’ve originally eaten the slice of cake can now not do so. What happens now? It’s a paradox. Even if you bring the cake back – there is now somewhere, somehow, a reality where the person couldn’t eat their slice of cake. How will this impact the person’s future? It sounds ridiculous when it’s a cake, but every action in the past can have repercussions.” Tony had looked at Steve and licked his lips, putting his fork down. “Now I want cake.”
Sam also extracted the promise that he would come over for runs and dinners regularly, after offering Steve to move in with him and Bucky. Steve he had declined, even though he knew he’d have to work on his relationship – his friendship to Tony to make this arrangement work. Sam had smirked at him as if he knew something that Steve didn’t know yet, but if he was thinking about Steve’s crush on Tony – well, Steve knew about that.
"Well that's your own fault-" Tony's remark got cut off when Steve swallowed him down and only stopped when his nose bumped against Tony's pubes. "Fuck, Steve!"
"I just don't want to be tired for movie night", he announced and disappeared quickly into his room, leaving a slightly suspicious Tony behind.
"Steve", Tony moaned breathlessly, his hands falling down next to him and going pliant in Steve's hold. "Come on, this is unfair, this feels so good, don't stop."
It wasn't very far and Steve slowed down to Tony's leisurely tempo. He was far more occupied with looking at Tony, anyway. There was a droplet of water on his cheek, right next to his mouth and Steve wanted to kiss it away so bad. He was smiling and casually looking out to the horizon where the azure of the ocean kissed the sky blue.
Tony forced himself to ignore the rest of the conversation. He had been pushed aside as if he was nothing and one-upped by a younger shifter. A beta, a higher status than him. This was the idyllic mate Steve should be looking for, a young beta, or even a young alpha. He was the Captain, leader of the Avengers. He deserved the best and Tony sure as hell wasn’t that with his old age and his status as an infertile omega.
“How about we stay here and use big words to throw any eavesdroppers off? I can be very creative,” Tony offered. “Jarvis can keep an eye out and warn us when someone is getting too close.”
“I’m not trying to take him, Steve. He’s all yours, calm down. Someone else has my interest, remember?” Bucky reasoned.
Jarvis hopped forward. The plumage on his head standing slightly. “From what I was able to gather, the drop on the west of the structure is an incline. Surviving the fall is possible but the distance is grand. It will take at most half an hour to climb to the level of the structure, but a little cover is offered. The posted guards will have no trouble finding you.”
When Fury mentioned their new mission was going to take place in an isolated location in Sweden, the most deserted place possible, Steve had expected a sort of desolation place with dead plants and visible dried, brown dirt stretching for miles and miles. What he didn’t expect was a sunny sight with grass and healthy trees and… was that a deer prancing away? Anything but this, yet it was exactly what he was seeing.
Peter removed his hat and waved it around, trying to mimic the cowboys of the television and their dramatic antics. It was at that moment a strong gust blew through and took the hat right out of Peter’s hand. Both centaur and child watched helplessly as it landed right in the middle of the track.
But how to bring the issue up? As an omega he knew his pack’s first instinct was to keep him away from the fight. Logically that was in the den where he could be safely tucked inside its walls. Tony could throw facts their way on why he should tag along, but he got the feeling sense wasn’t going to help him. At least not alone.
“We’d show you around the place, but you’re probably tired,” Steve continued, still giving one of those medal winning smiles. “We have empty rooms for you to take as your own. They’re mostly empty since no one has used them except for the occasional item left behind by Clint and Hank since they have a habit of leaving stuff everywhere. Doesn’t even matter if the rooms have been locked. They somehow manage it.”
“Something embarrassing, perhaps? An innuendo of sorts?” Natasha supplied with a smirk that had Tony blushing all over again, giving them their answers.
Bile threatened to rise to his throat. He should've run faster. He should've brought his gauntlets with him. He should’ve sent Jarvis to fly and get help for him. He should’ve done more to prevent this, but he didn’t. He
However, he was not in the mood on this one particular night. He had returned back to the tower tired and frustrated. What should’ve been a satisfying and enjoyable and very relieving night out with this beautiful blonde with legs that went as far as the eye could see was ended with him walking away annoyed and nauseated. Beauty didn’t trump hygiene.
When the carriage was within reach Tony was ushered forward first. Hammer trying to push him in quickly, his impatience showing. Tony had placed one foot on the step of the carriage and was ready to lift himself up when a voice in the distance had them all turning around.
Tony rushed to the trees just a distance away, jumping over the running water. He could obscure his scent and use the trees to have them running in circles should they chase him. He could keep them at bay until he was close enough to his pack to call for help, to have his howl echo and be heard.
The hand on his stomach circled around, bringing out goosebumps and reminding him how soiled he felt after their mating.
“Steve,” Tony whispered, “what are you doing?” The leader of the Avengers shouldn’t make a show in public, especially not for him. He didn’t need to lay some sort of affectionate claim in front of others, Hammer never did.
He was unable to stop the laugh that burst out of him, and if there was a tear or two he blamed them entirely on the Avengers for making him chuckle too hard.
While Tony believed it to be one reason at first, he knew it couldn’t be possible. For one, Bruce smelled nothing of a feline or any other species outside of canines. For another, the odds of finding a feline shifter living in shacks on this side of the world was near impossible. If anyone became pack-less while in somebody else’s land they would do the natural thing and travel back to their homeland to find another pack.
“If there was it’s long gone by now. Whoever got cursed is probably out looking for answers like us.”
“I thought it was obvious. I’m always a sucker for hugs. Didn’t you say the other guy was a cuddler? Where do you think he got it from?”
Her gaze lowered, taking in his appearance. Having recently gone through a heat with his mate he knew he didn’t create an impressive sight. A loose shirt, boots and unsightly pants that had survived a trip under armor. Not to mention his hair was probably disheveled and he reeked from his sweaty and heated activities.
He jumped when another hand was placed on his shoulder and his neck cracked from how fast he turned to the person the appendage belonged to. Sam didn’t remove his hand, if anything he tightened it a little as if trying to ground him and he stared intently.
He was getting plump and he didn’t even notice it until now as he tried on Jan’s outfit. It had only been around three weeks, how fast did one gain weight? And now that he had finally noticed, how had he not noticed before? The outfits he had gotten prior that Steve had bought for him (and had absolutely refused to accept Tony’s coin in his attempt to repay the alpha back) hadn’t exactly wrapped around his skin like this outfit, but they weren’t loose either. He should’ve spotted the difference with the fitting the moment the pounds started making an appearance, but… he just didn’t pay that much attention to it.
, Tony thought, feeling the disappointment stab him through his chest. And he had been overjoyed by the attention he was receiving from the alpha, from the Avengers. Now, however, he wanted nothing more than to crawl in his and Bruce’s shared shack and curl up and possibly sleep for two days straight, or for as long as it took to forget about the Avengers in general.
On the first morning of Yule, tiny little Steve Rogers woke up to gifts under his tiny tree. A little odd since they were not supposed to be there until the twenty-fifth, but they were there nonetheless. All of them for his mom. None for him. He was not disappointed. This was what he asked for after all.
The world shifted around him. Time was thrown back. Sharp and quick. The trees disappeared, replaced by buildings and stretches of unused dirt. Before him Steve was gone and in his place stood a little scrawny alpha. From a time long past. Large blue eyes with a round face and a spot of dirt on his cheek. Tattered clothing filled with holes. He was giving a toothy smile, lacking a tooth or two, and was staring at Tony with wonder. As if Tony held the world and its answers.
It’s not a common thing to do, going feral. It’s very rare but extremely dangerous, leaving sorrow and pain behind. Changing the alpha. Changing their very being. Many fall victim to an alpha in rage. To them losing their minds and reaching a point of uncontrolled anger. To them having no say over what their bodies do.
Steve stopped kissing and frowned. He seemed to understand what Tony was asking for but didn’t look to like the idea. For a moment Tony thought Steve would be opposed to it, worried about repeating their first attempt, but after giving one last kiss on his folds Steve stood up and made quick work of his drawers and had his still present erection stand proudly between his legs. The tip had a harsh red to it from the lack of attention and was lathered in precum. With the slick Steve wiped away from his chin he smeared it on his dick and held it as he kneeled in-between Tony’s legs again.
Nothing brought an alpha so close to a blood rage than learning their omega was carrying another alpha’s child.
Come to think of it, Tony should tell the alpha about his infertility already so Steve wouldn’t build himself up only to have disappointment when Tony broke the news. It was… it was the right thing to do, but Tony was selfish. It was a silent trait hardly anyone knew about, especially when he himself was barely discovering it, but after living years with little good happening in them, whenever something worthwhile occurred that made him happy he clung to it for dear life.
All this work they were doing just to get a laugh at Tony’s expense. Maybe he should just let them play it out and get it out of their system. It would get them back home faster and out doing important things like taking down more Hydra packs. The cruelty wouldn’t be any different from what Hammer had always done, and on the bright side it would only be once and then he’d never see the Avengers again. He had experienced worst humiliation. He could handle whatever the Avengers had planned for him.
He heard Steve sigh and bury his snout in between his shoulder and neck, his fur tickling his ear. “Please, don't apologize for this. None of it is your fault.”
“My past is nothing unique,” managed with no emotion. He was actually surprised at himself for being able to say something nearly as expressionless as Loki. Maybe it was to spare himself reliving the nightmare that was his life, or maybe it was to spare Steve from discovering how broken and tainted he truly was, but the idea of sharing his past closed him off instantly.
The alpha groaned. He braced his hands on Tony’s side, as if trying to keep him in place. For a moment, Tony believed he had hurt him and an apology was ready on his lips, but Steve’s lips on his own swallowed his words. “Do that again,” he said against his lips.
That was an opportunity if Tony ever saw one. It was his chance. “Is there a reason for that? For everyone avoiding you, I mean,” he asked as he sat in front of the other omega.
Tony held on as best as he could with paws. He never wanted to let go. He feared it could’ve all been a dream, but from the way Rhodey returned the hug and nearly crushed his ribs while doing so he knew it couldn’t be.
Bucky let go with a yelp that was more out of surprise than pain and reared back. Tony was equally as surprised and the rest of the pack shared the sentiment as well. Fearing they might have pushed Steve’s temper Tony remained still, waiting in case he needed to run from a raging alpha or somehow defend himself and lessen the blows that were to come. All that happened, however, was Steve letting out another bark before he huffed and placed his snout back behind Tony’s ear.
Suddenly Tony sat up though and made his 'I am a genius and just had the best idea ever' face. It usually made Steve suspicious, but the hour of jumping through the pool with Peter, the pool side picknick and now a cuddle session had made him sleepy.
Steve looked extremely uncomfortable, standing as far away from Tony as physically possible considering they were both crouching down next to her. “You need to tell him”, she rasped out insistently, looking at Steve. “You really need to tell him before you get even worse. Or he. Before he… Just telll him.”
Steve slowly pulled out and rolled to the side, keeping his arm around Tony and pulling him on his chest. Tony immediately snuggled closer, pulling up the duvet with neither of them caring that they smeared lube and come all over the sheets.
Tony on the other hand looked like he was considering to put on the suit, his cheeks reddened and his breathing fast while he was staring at Steve like he wasn’t entirely convinced he wasn’t hallucinating. “How dare you! Show up here! After that!”
Tony interrupted Steve’s thoughts with a bright smile. “You can stay here for as long as you need, unlimited ice cream supply included. I know how long it took you to adjust when you woke up in the future. Now you’ve woken up in the past, but the wrong past. Must be frustrating.”
That made Tony pout, but Steve continued to laugh and pulled him into his lap so that Tony could be comfortable. The hard stone wasn't the best underground for what they were about to do but they've had sex in worse places.
“I know baby”, Steve gave back, pressing a kiss to Tony’s sweaty forehead. “I love you too. I love you so much.”
Steve watched him, Tony's lean body between his legs until he decided it was time to tease Tony back. He pulled him back up and sat him on his lap so that his erection rubbed against Tony's ass. "Want to bet how long it takes me to make you impatient?", Steve purred into Tony's ear. He let his fingers dance over Tony's cock, using a light rhythm he knew drove Tony insane.
After that, there was a loud bang. Steve had not tried to open the door yet since the house was occupied and he was a polite man, but he was reaching for the door handle when the door suddenly got pulled open with enough force that it banged against the wall.
“Oh!”, Mantis made, a choked sound ripped out of her throat and she turned her big, dark eyes onto the man who had caught her. “Mister Stark”, she whispered, blinking rapidly before she closed her eyes against the intensity of the feeling she picked up from Tony where he was touching her.
"Hnngh", said Steve and closed his eyes, hands gripping Tony's soft hair. He didn't have any product in it and while he looked very sharp and sexy in his perfect get-together, this was the Tony Steve loved the most. The soft, relaxed one, the one smiling up at him like he was his sun and moon and stars all in once. The one without hair gel or fancy suits and this encompassed the Iron Man suit.
Tony sighed and melted into Steve's arms. It was another way of saying 'I love you' and gave Tony a feeling of security and happiness and love that he most of his life hadn't dared to dream about. But here he was, with Steve holding him and fumbling the lube open and looking at him like he was the most precious thing in the world.
“I could just need some steadiness”, she said instead of wording her thoughts and smiled at the Captain. She reached for his hand; half a gesture for balance on the uneven battlefield that she still refused to look down onto, half a plea. “May I?”
Steve shook his head in confusion. “Wait a moment.” That couldn’t be. “How did you undo it? Where was I? The other 50% are back though? What happened to Thanos?”
“It’s not the wrong past”, Steve said quietly. “It could never be the wrong past if – “ If you’re alive in it, Steve had wanted to say, and just so managed to stop himself.
"You're pushy today", Steve remarked when Tony bit his bottom lip first and then kissed his way down over his neck again only to leave a bite mark there as well. Steve reciprocated by dragging his thumb over Tony's nipple and then over the arc reactor to the other nipple.
With a confident grin and a just as confident stride he left the bathroom, only stopping when his gaze met Steve's naked body.
Steve laughed huskily and kissed Tony's throat which made him stretch even more into Steve's embrace. "Don't worry, baby, we'll get to that later. Let me take care of you."
Steve laughed and pulled the waist band of his speedos away from his body before letting it snap back. "I thought it's alright since it's just the two of us."
Peter managed to swim quite fast; his movements only getting slower when he almost made it to the other side before he pushed himself up and held onto the edge.
“Tony,” he offered in return and with a short nod Tony turned away and trotted down the path he was directed, wanting to hurry and avoid barely waking eyes. He scanned the surroundings, searching for his goal amongst the many undistinguished buildings around. Surely the blacksmith had set up a sign of sorts or added something unique to the outfit of his work space in order to tell bystanders that he was the town’s household items and weapons provider.
“Was served devotedly by me,” Rhodey gave him a pointed look. “For years. I think I’m long overdue for some time for myself that doesn’t involve sailing the sea.”
Over and over. Was this another of Hammer’s cruel words? To bring him lower. To have another hold over him?
“Going to what?” There was no point in asking. Tony knew exactly what Bruce meant by his question, but he wasn’t ready to answer.
Much to his mortification his stomach let out a loud rumbling. One that no Avenger, no matter how far they were currently lying or sitting, shifted or not shifted, were unable to hear. All eyes turned to him, each Avenger looking almost shocked to hear such a loud noise. Even Loki, who did an incredible job keeping his face expressionless, eyed him critically. None of their reactions compared to Steve, though. No, he was looking at Tony as if Tony had obtained a wound and was bleeding out. He appeared seconds away from demanding to know if Tony was alright.
He had heard a variety of descriptions over his heat scent. All negative and all hurtful. It had required him to leave any area of the den occupied by either Hammer, Stane or any of the packmates. Required him to be locked away in a secure room that covered all possible holes to prevent the stench from leaving as he took care of his heat on his own until the month his heat stopped altogether.
Steve watches himself give a false charge, making the Avengers flinch and take a step back. When he stays put they continue, albeit even slower than before.
They remained there for a time, watching the water move and the wind rustling the trees. It was meant to be a quick walk. Perhaps a few minutes, but they lost track of it promptly. They were undisturbed until the sounds of footsteps were overheard. It shouldn’t have troubled them. They were in their territory after all. All that should’ve been around them were critters, the trees, a river and their packmates scouting the area.
“Spending the day lazing around? Man after my own heart. Don’t bother changing out of your bedtime clothes, we’re not going to.”
With a cold sweat all three quickly jumped and took to the air, separating. From the ground, exactly where they were standing mere seconds ago, something broke through with a mighty roar that shook the entire foundation and even caused stone and ground from the ceiling that enclosed the place. The thing, the beast, that broke through was the stuff of nightmares, even compared to their own. Dirt and stone trailed down the monster's dark silver body. A body that stood three-stories high on two thick and clawed legs and a long scaled tail with fins decorating the top.
Feral alphas have their rage command their bodies while their desperation and fear give it its prey.
Steve sounded curious. Not a sign of ill-intent in his voice. “It is. I loved creating. You could say I grew up with a hammer and a pair of tongs in my hand.”
Vision beeped and made himself known by shaking the bag in determination, wanting to get down and explore their new room.
“I…,” no, that couldn't be. Jarvis had never lied before, but he was supporting Rhodey’s claims. He wouldn't start lying now… “what?”
“If you ever want to try your hand with literature I think you can make it. I’ll buy all your work.”
The omega shrugged and gestured at the empty space. “If you don’t mind being seen with me go right ahead.”
Steve had made quick work gently bending him over his anvil and pulling down his pants. He half expected his alpha to just rut, but over time he realized Steve absolutely loved having his mouth on him. To kiss, to lick, to suck and to bite. There was an oral fixation and Tony had no room to complain about it, not when Steve began licking the little slick mixed with his sweat and the ash that had clung to his skin and put his lips on every intimate spot between his legs.
The smut in this fic will only come from Steve and Tony, so if you're worried about sexy times with these ships or any of the other ones you have nothing to fear! However, if you do want to read sexy times for any of the other ships I apologize in advance and I'll try making up for it with somewhat good written smut scenes.
“Come now. We’ll let the betas pick up after the place. You and I have a lot to talk about, Darling.” Hammer led him deeper in the fort. They passed by faded portraits, rotten tables and broken chairs. Dust and dirt could be found on every available surface. Tony was surprised he hadn’t spotted a rat crawling around. The place was fitting for them.
title on the other hand, what do people think when they hear Hawkeye? That I can see very far away? I mean, I can, but that doesn’t exactly scare anyone when out in battle.”
“Dick?” Steve supplied. “Penis? Erection? Meat? Sam’s favorite pastime and hopefully Rhodey’s, too?”
Relief was shown in Steve’s form. “That’s two I don’t have to worry about. I like you better already. Just remember what we said when you see a sign of an invasion. Lock the doors, hide, look for possible exits and make your move if absolutely necessary. Hank keeps explosives in the basement if you’re truly desperate. Mix anything that has a questionable color and it should work.”
“I scouted ahead,” Clint piped up. “They’re hiding up in this old fort with around thirty feet of open terrain before the forest starts. The fort is large and unbalanced. If we take down at least two pillars the whole thing should fall apart on them. Chain reaction.”
“I am impressed,” Loki admitted with a nod of his head. “I did not know our captain was capable of such a feat. Surely Anthony was left without want.”
No, he couldn’t think like that. The Avengers wanted them. That was why they invited them, why Steve invited him, because they wanted to have him and Bruce in their pack. After all, Loki stayed behind for a reason, right? He wouldn’t have stayed behind and caused the Avengers to hold off their travels for an hour. And Steve looked so happy when Tony and Bruce appeared. That had to count for something.
“I prefer Widow better. Has a personal touch to it,” Natasha admitted, looking scary just by sitting there next to Bruce.
Hello everyone! I hope you're having a nice day. I bring more angst and self-worth issues and fluff.
Tony pointed a finger at him, wagging disapprovingly. “You have no input on this. If I say he’s going to break my hip, he’s going to break my hip, and once he does you’re the one who’s going to have to take care of me.”
To hear this famous pack was in the shacks? No wonder all the betas and omegas were beside themselves trying to reach them. They either wanted to see the pack with their own eyes or they wanted to see if they could get a shot at being added as a pack member. To be part of the Avengers? It was a shifters wet dream.
Tony tensed up. He glared at Ty and was ready to give him a piece of his mind, but Peter called out to him from Ben’s arms. “Mister Tony! Come on, we’re going back home!”
Tony cleared his throat nervously. Hank didn’t appear mad, but Tony still felt the same as a child aware of having done something bad and terrified of the scolding he was to receive. “Yes.”
Tony refused to admit it, but he knew for a split second he had pouted. Face flushed and pouting, he could only imagine what a sorry image he created, and Steve was not helping as he proceeded to tighten his paws and hold Tony even closer.
“Well, we had planned on catching some fish for lunch,” Tony turned to Bruce for confirmation if their plan was still a go.
Piece by piece Steve helped him put on Clint’s old set of armor. Each one taking longer than necessary when Steve couldn’t resist running his hands to pat down the material and admiring him after each set was placed. Tony didn’t help their time when he indulged his alpha by turning in a circle to show off and preened when Steve gave appreciative looks with every twirl.
He landed face forward on the ground with a loud grunt and then whined slightly when he felt his sprained wrist thumping in pain. He heard Vision roll near him and felt when the machine reached his side. He also heard Jarvis flapping his wings over him, whistling in concern.
Bucky understood what he meant. “He is, but he wasn’t always. What you see now? It happened shortly after his teen years ended. He grew up on a short side of everything and hardly had any meat on his bones. To many it wasn’t exactly attractive, but once he gained his muscles and his height he suddenly had wolves of all orientations throwing themselves at him. These days he doesn’t know if anyone likes him for his body or for himself. That’s what he’s insecure about.”
“I can search from the skies if need be,” Jarvis offered, spreading his wings and ready to take off.
will.” He must have had obvious hurt in his eyes for Steve’s ears went down in remorse. “Tony I would
His stomach churned. He needed a shower. He needed to wash away everything that had just happened. Roll it all up, burn it and throw the ashes over a cliff.
way. The only reason I’m not trying to hump you is because you’re my brother and I have two potential mates already. I’m not affected, but I bet you anything Steve is out there already humping a tree waiting to get to you.”
Yes, he did. Embarrassingly so. “Do you have clothes I could borrow? I haven’t gotten a chance to wash what I have yet.”
The two that came next were the foreigners to the canine land. They carried a large presence not commonly seen and a shifted form well deserved. The only feline and serpent of the pack, the mighty Thor and the trickster Loki looked straight ahead as if the very dirt they walked on was undeserving of their presence. Thor held his hammer tight in his hand, exposed muscles bulging from the force of the grip. Loki held his staff fluidly in his, loose armor and hair flowing even without wind. They appeared of royalty, even when their names held nothing more than the fame of war packs.
Tony maneuvered himself through the groups of people in his foyer, their conversations easily drowned out by the blasting of music from the nearby speakers. His hand tightly clutched onto his plastic cup of some unidentifiable alcoholic drink. It tasted good so it didn’t matter too much to him.
The teacher’s aggravated voice caused Clint to quiet down. The entire class’ focus shifted to the student at the classroom entrance. He sported messy pitch-black hair, large brown eyes with prominent dark circles, and a wardrobe that looked like it was put together in the dark. His backpack was clumsily attached to his side, papers begging to fall out of its partially unzipped condition. He was slightly crouched over, his cheeks somewhat flushed, probably from running so fast to reach the classroom.
“This whole…situation…is just the pinnacle of your record infractions,” Fury continued, “Your parents and I had a long talk and realized that this means expulsion.”
“Fine, I’ll try. I won’t make things hard for you guys. Y’all have a job to do and I have a year-long punishment I can’t back out of…unless I want to get expelled.”
“Oh,” He said, less upbeat than before. That didn’t happen too often. He usually had a short talk with Hill or one of the other front office workers before his detention was rescheduled.
“I’m sorry.” This was worse than the thought of having to share Steve. Now he felt guilty. What she must be going through.
Peter goes down with a grumble. Tony knew his boy loved the height and usually fought tooth and nail to stay but Tony figured the present will more than make up for it. He was excited for the child.
The footsteps got closer and Tony was on the verge of shifting to his wolf in a last attempt to gain distance, but as if fate sensing his last effort it decided he had evaded it long enough. Someone grabbed the back of his coat and pulled, slowing him down just enough for them to pin him on the ground. He struggled against the culprit, grabbing dirt in his attempt to claw free and even throwing some of it on his attackers face.
He thought maybe a bath would help him feel better, to get rid of the filth traveling had given him. If anything it made it worse.
“I couldn’t fight adults, no matter how much I wanted to. The way some of them would talk about others or how they’d treat them, it made me angry. Especially the alphas that looked down on betas and omegas. I couldn’t stand it, but I couldn’t exactly do anything about it. So I fought with the ones I could. Adults weren’t the only ones being disrespectful and for some reason or another parents taught alpha children to do the same. Taught them that alphas deserved respect simply because they were alphas and treat anyone else like dirt. I hated it,” Steve said so fiercely that it was shocking he didn't accidentally hurt Tony. “Any alpha I saw treat betas and omegas with disrespect around my age I would stand up against. They didn’t have the right just because of their status. Drove Bucky absolutely mad.”
“If you are to shed tears do not clean them away with your attire. Freed tears from a past pain holds no spot for your attire to carry. You do not need that weight.”
He released a huff that was followed by a grunt when Steve licked the spot on his neck usually chosen to leave a mark. Steve’s tongue went over the area three times before he sunk his teeth gently to nibble, biting away an itch, and Tony found… he wanted Steve to mark him. He wanted to belong to the alpha, to be his.
In an act of defiance Tony refused to shy away from it. The Avengers were one thing, but this was Bruce. He had confidence with Bruce. “The best. He makes the perfect blanket.”
? I don’t know what he’s doing but it can’t be worth waiting here an hour for. Do you know how much ground we could’ve covered by now?” That voice could have only come from Clint. “Steve can we leave him behind? Loki knows where we live. He’ll find his way.”
It’s Tony’s pleading for help, begging for Steve to come save him, that finally makes Steve snap. After screaming himself hoarse for these bastards to stop and leave his omega alone, his mind finally breaks. The despair, the hopelessness, the fear, it all takes him into a full range.
