Sam throws in something, hands flying, and everyone else falls into easy conversation, again.
“That there were situations that led to orgasms,” Dean mumbles. It sounds stupid now that he's saying it.
He falls back asleep.
And again, Dean feels like he's listening in on something not meant for him.
Dean crosses his ankles and yes, that works. That should be some nice pressure for Cas to fuck into. “Move,” Dean winks, over his shoulder, sees Cas with his jaw down, speechless.
Dean wraps his arm around him in a wordless form of support. In a way of telling him that he's here, at Cas' side.
In the silent moments between songs, each time he hits a bump in the road, the legos he'd shoved into the vents when they were kids, they're rattling. And Dean grins.
Confused, Cas takes the velvety, black sachet in his hand. “What is this?”
“Cas, if you want it, I've got something here for you,” he mumbles at the beer label.
Last time: Dean wakes up naked in a prison cell, makes his escape with Cas, and then they get naked together.
He pushes every thought aside that he can't deal with right now, so – all of them.
Slowly, Jimmy starts to grin. “Don't tell me you two--”
They make out until Dean's legs are tingling and asleep, until Cas' admits that his neck hurts from being propped up on Dean's folded jacket for too long, and Dean's stomach grumbles in protest, demanding food.
Cas chuckles, turns around to head towards the hallway. All the way down to the Dean cave, he doesn't say a word, but as he opens the door, he stops, looks back at Dean. Quiet, almost shy, Cas adds as if he just remembered, “I love you, too.” Just like that.
Jo smiles. “I already wondered why we've had so many people here already.”
To know that makes Dean's mind spin.
“You're an extroverted person, Dean,” Cas starts to explain. “You thrive on other people's company, you depend on social interactions to refill your batteries. Of course you'd be bored if you're alone.”
He feels the car shake with Sam bouncing his leg, he sees Eileen wordlessly reaching over, placing her hand on his knee or taking his hand. Dean can't really see it in the rearview mirror, but the shaking stops. One after the other, they all take a deep breath, each of them lost in thought for different reasons.
For once, they got a king-sized bed instead of two singles. And since dingy motel rooms have been such a huge part of their life together, it's kind of iconic.
“We're done,” Chuck announces.
Cas refills their coffee and when he sits down, Dean finds a little comfort tangling his foot with Cas' under the table.
Conversation is easy enough with Charlie nattering on and on about Dorothy and Dean nodding and smiling along while Cas asks all the right questions to keep her going. After breakfast, Cas gathers his stuff, takes one look back into Dean’s room to check if he forgot something — much to Charlie’s amusement — and Dean accompanies him to the airlock.
Experimentally, Dean moves his hips, goes in slow, tentative circles down and up, down and up, working Cas' finger deeper, taking the second knuckle, and then there's knuckles against his ass cheek, there's the pad of a finger curling against his prostate and Dean
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll keep an eye out for her. The question is, what are you willing to pay for this?”
“I’m an engineer, you know,” she says, and Sam wonders if she’s flirting, deliberately.
Dean hums and follows the directions Cas gives, until he's rolling down a narrow road in the middle of bumfuck nowhere, and the driveway leads to a generic, two story house with a wide view down the hillside and a garden out back. The surface of still water, a lake, blinks at them through the trees, not far away.
“I’ve got one. If you want it. Would’ve called you tonight, one way or another. It’s not time critical.”
Dean sighs. “Sorry. And thanks, I guess.”
That’s when the intercom pings with an incoming call. Dean squints at the screen in the corner of the kitchen, then taps at the control panel on the wall next to him to accept it.
“Of course,” Cas notes, teases with his hand trailing down Dean's spine, tracing the bumps of his vertebrae until he reaches Dean's waistband and belt. “I'm not the first of your... endeavors in here, am I.”
“It never was about the vessel, you know. Not even in that universe, and not in ours, either. It's
“Tuesdays are LAN party nights.”
Tachuan, being mostly occupied by industrial plants, with an artificial atmosphere and no water on the surface to speak of, is a gold mine for Drifters and other folks into trading. Stores of all sizes provide just about any supplies a space traveler might need on their way across the galaxy, between M80 and the outskirts of the Milky Way. Among sprawling factories and worker housing, Tachuan is also the thrumming center of the galaxy’s nightlife; there’s nothing that even slightly compares within a couple hundred lightyears.
With a nod, Cas walks over to Ellen, who fills up their cups.
He's going to see his Mom and Dad again, together and happy. He can't wait. He can watch TV with Bobby in the evening, talking about old hunts and drinking too many beers.
Dean avoids his eyes, stares out the window, at his car in the empty parking lot. “I recently talked to Charlie, and she gave me this whole piece about gay pride and I had no concept of it. I guess I have an idea now,” he huffs out a breath, “Hey, can we change the topic or something, man?”
Dean feels the anvil on his chest lift, giving him space to breathe. “So you're saying it's healthy to constantly want to hang out with other people? Wouldn't they feel, I don't know, bugged after a while?”
There’s a planet. Right in front of them. Filling up the entire front screen with boring brown-beige tones, and Dean doesn’t have time to gawk at it.
Dean knows Cas has his insecurities about the whole thing, too. Knowing technicalities doesn't mean knowing how to act on feelings.
Jimmy blinks at him. “Do I want to know how that happened?”
“Ah, there’s Squirrel. I was wondering where you were.”
Dean scowls. “What about?”
He throws a bag of frozen peas over to Sam for his bruised side.
Cas hums, starts stroking Dean's hipbones, right at the seam of his boxers. It's comforting.
Sam continues, “And for the birds and bees, Dean, is there a section on Busty Asian Beauties for that kind of--”
Jack looks between the three of them like he does not only miss vital information, but also context and background and everything in-between. “I don't get it,” he ends up saying. “Why would John oppose the fact that Dean and Cas are fornicating?”
Again, thank you all so, so much for all your positive feedback, for all your comments and for following these two idiots along! Sometimes I'm just baffled by all the love. Thank you guys. Enjoy the next one!
Rowena's still grouchy about being made powerless
Bobby, on the other hand, rolls his eyes. “Classy, Dean,” he snorts. Then his eyes drop lower, to a spot somewhere around Dean's shoulder. Or neck? “But then again, who am I talking to. Next time, you might wanna cover that.”
Sometimes, Dean still dreams of fleeing. Dreams of the moment Bobby shook him awake in the middle of the night, saying his mom called from work and that he needs to get up, that they need to leave. Dreams of Bobby putting a crying, baby-sized Sam into his arms, a white baby blanket tucked around him, and told him to run to his ship, in the back of his salvage yard. The moment the grown-ups looked around and realized not everyone would fit into Bobby’s hunkety old Dodge ship, a salvaged escape pod from a military cruiser, sub-lightspeed. So Bobby had to take the podship to fly over to Lawrence, Kansas, and get John’s ship.
The pressure on Dean's ribcage suddenly triples, and he doesn't know what to say. Words seem too small to encompass what they've been through, have lived and witnessed and died for. Words are too little to say what Cas means to him.
Last time: Dean and Cas reunite in heaven, but pointedly don't talk about what happened when they last were together.
Dean sees Cas shift on his bar stool as he returns.
They fit.
“You two might look like the buffoons you are, but you aren’t stupid. You know I’m not sitting here and having you get data for me for funsies. If you are down to be more involved in a worthy cause, I might be able to reach out my feelers. And trust me, I know where to prod.”
“Not like we can do that until tonight.”
“I meant to be there when you got here, you know,” Cas averts his eyes, squints into the sundown.
Dean's brain nearly implodes. Of course. He had never thought of it like that, but of course Cas-- “You've never...?”
During breakfast, they both get lost in their own thoughts. Dean notices Cas staring holes into the pancakes, eyes occasionally focusing on him, then shifting back to his own coffee. Dean looks probably just as shifty, trying to avoid any and all thoughts of what had hit him earlier, when the day was young and Cas was still asleep next to him.
He’s swept up in his still-erratic heart beat, in Castiel’s arms, in Castiel’s lips moving against his, and then there’s a tongue, long, dexterous, licking over his lips, into his mouth, tasting, trying, retreating, and Dean moans, opens his eyes.
Cas stirs, straightening to his full height. “We should get cleaned up, this is rather uncomfortable,” he states, fingers tugging at his boxers.
Life’s good.
“Next time you come over, bring him. John will have to deal with it one way or another, sooner or later. And he knows it, too.”
Dean shrugs. “Whatever you want to happen.”
Dean is going to
What Dean does say, is, “Béchamel sauce,” because that's one thing he knows how to do. “Would you grate the cheese, please?”
And —
I hope you enjoyed seeing Dean getting more comfortable in his own skin? ;-)
Cas does something so simple, then, before he slots their bodies back together.
Their hands both reach for Dean's cock and it barely takes him three strokes to join Cas with a white-hot orgasm. It leaves his whole body twitching, stomach rolling with heat and residual arousal that Dean knows will accompany him for a while.
rebuilt heaven, because he learned what humans needed in the afterlife, because he lived life with him and Sam and Cas.
This is nothing like it. People are standing chest to chest, toasting to him, and he tries to work the room, get around to everyone at least once.
With a huff and a smirk, Dean steps back and pulls his shirt off, and Cas steps out of his pants, which are pooling around his ankles. Dean's tank top follows, Cas makes quick work of it. Socks and underwear they tackle themselves, and then they're finally, finally naked.
. Cas
Dean deliberately overhears the cat-calls and the theatrical gasps in favor of saving his beer from being spilled all over both of them, sneaking his arm around Cas' back, and pulling him in for another kiss. It's chaste and sweet, and Dean grins into Cas' neck afterwards.
This is Cas. Cas, who knows him inside and out like nobody has ever known him.
He doesn’t know where all of this fits into the universe, as it is, and he doesn’t know why
Dean gasps.
Thing is, Dean always forgets to. “So, anyway, I hope you don't want fries with that burger.”
Dean laughs, a feeling that just spreads with how much he enjoys seeing Cas here, being in his presence. Wordlessly, he puts the most frilly, sweet, pineapple-and-coconut-milk-cocktail in front of Cas that he can remember from the top of his head.
“So heaven consists of multiple layers, representing time frames and memories of the people who dwell in the respective eras. As you know, this is Kansas, but there's also an infinite number of Kansases, so to speak, where other souls live. Different times, since the Kansas of the 1800s looks different than today's, for example. Now if a soul was inclined to live in another era, they pass through various layers. And sometimes, depending on where they are from and what changes they implement, that turns into a problem of... let's call it, a rift in space and time. It's not dangerous, but it's a constant source of work for us to fix. This morning, Jack and Anael and I, we found a solution, in a way. It took some consideration and planning, but we're happy with the result. Anael called it an 'elevator' of sorts. So traveling souls can create their own era, their own floor.”
Dean shakes his head. What the fuck? Just like that?
Cas already sports half a chubby, lazily curving to the left from Dean's point of view, but Dean takes note, then ignores it in favor of once again running his hands up Cas' chest.
Dean looks at him, really looks at him, then. His fingers are trailing the edge of the counter and he avoids Dean's eyes, which he rarely does. His legs cross and uncross in front of him. Cas is fidgeting.
Dean's senses are overloading, like so often when they do this. It's just what Cas does to him.
“I'm wondering if Sam is not here, how is this my heaven? How is this 'the heaven I deserve'? Eileen is already here and he's clearly part of the heaven
Dean grins into the kiss.
Leveling him with a cocky stare, Dean makes sure Crowley watches as he slips the chip into the chipholder on Baby’s console. With two taps of his fingers, he shares his screen. “I’m pretty sure these are the plans you wanted. See this? Kanchu spaceport building plans. And there’s more…” he trails off, leaves the sentence hanging for emphasis.
Not excuses, but explanations.
They didn't even bother getting dressed after the hot tub. Talk about a waste of time.
It was the fact that their kitchen looked basically the same, since it was modeled after Bobby's, from Cas' memory. And all he saw in Bobby's house was him and Cas, against the counter, doing. Well. Fun stuff.
Which, third thing — he didn’t even ask for his name. Well. Water under the bridge, now.
Yeah, so, beach vacations are fun and all, but this is where he's home, this is his element, his car, Cas by his side.
Sooo, did I promise too much? :D What was your favorite part of this chapter? How do you like my Eileen here? ;) And how will they all deal with this new situation? We'll see next Friday. See you then, have a nice week, and thanks for reading <3
Cas shrugs. “It's heaven. Why would you need to count your miles and look for a gas station?”
That, plus it’s
Making Cas lift his arms, Dean shrugs off his jacket, folds it up in a vague cushion-like shape to put behind Cas' head and dips him right back into the seat.
Dean puts down the bottle of tequila he was about to start.
A whisper, a plea between moist puffs of air against his chest.
Or maybe it's the part of his brain that is currently too busy being flooded with hormones as he dry-humps Cas against the kitchen counter. Their bodies roll together in a fluent wave of need and desire and pleasure and he can't stop, won't stop. He won't second-guess this. He knows that if he doesn't give in now, he'd hate himself for it later.
Every once in a while, Dean gets that genius idea to jump somewhere. It always makes him remember why the smooth, time-consuming drive is usually his chosen way of travel.
Dean looks at Cas, finds him staring right back. They share a private little grin, and Dean rests his hand on Cas' thigh. Cas' palm lands atop of his, squeezes. They don't need to hide, and he doesn't feel the need to do so. He doesn't even care what his father has to say about it, because he will have to get over it.
The guard pulls their lip up, a sneer, then closes their mouth and spits at Castiel’s chest.
Dean fuses himself to Cas' back, lets him feel his erection against his backside. “What are you cookin'?”
Dean bites his lip hiding a grin and prays, attaches the mental image because he can. 'Reaching down for your cock, riding you.'
Throwing his head back with a cackling laugh, Dean collects screws and axle shafts and control arms and leaves the garage to head for the Impala.
“It’s… there’s no sign of life on the surface, according to the scan,” Sam continues, quietly. “It’s 136 degrees out there. Breathable atmosphere for humans, low on the oxygen part, though. Still, it’s way too hot. We shouldn’t go out. Let’s use the reactor to cool the ship.”
That, of course, wrecks the rhythm, Cas slips from between his legs, cock slotting right against the crack of Dean's ass. It's not too early, though, so Cas just ends up spurting all over Dean's lower back, covering his ass in semen.
“Nah, chill. You know, I’m not that desperate. I could have anyone in this bar.”
Then again, if the word is out, it’s out. Sam will know, Bobby will know. And Dean doesn’t quite know yet if he’s okay with that.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean frowns. “Wait, we’re agreeing?”
At least, Dean thinks, he won't have to talk since his mouth will be occupied otherwise.
And Dean knows exactly what he's up to, he
Sam screws up his face. “Me too. If they’re still out there.”
Castiel raises an eyebrow, cocky, dangerous, so hot.
“This,” Cas says.
Some kind of deal just went down, Dean can feel it.
Torture, this is torture. Why did Dean tell him all of this. He squirms and he teases Cas' cock as some form of revenge, but he's slowly but surely going out of his mind.
Eileen takes in the house, the garden. “I see. So. You two--”
Last time: Dean and Cas get off in the kitchen together, Mary is an awesome mom, Jack and Dean go fishing. No sign of Sam.
Cas leans back, his head on Dean's shoulder. “Mornin', sunshine,” Dean smiles lopsided.
Cas blinks, then pointedly ignores him. Dean cackles as Cas passes him by in the hallway, but he can also see the tiny smile tugging at his lips.
Ignoring Sam and Rowena taking a hurried exit, they start to sort out what's left in the garage — putting books away, re-shelving ingredients and sweeping up the remnants of the spell they worked. Truth be told, Dean needs time to sort his mind, too, and this is just the next best task he can busy himself with. Cas loses his trench coat some time in the middle of mopping chalk lines off the floor and rolls up the sleeves of his dress shirt, which keep unrolling themselves, much to his chagrin. Dean eventually takes pity on him and gets him one of his old Led Zeppelin shirts. Without sparing it a though, Cas just changes right there in the garage. Dean quickly looks away, even though he wants to linger on the miles of tan skin stretching over muscles he always forgets are hiding under that baggy coat.
Cas nudges his elbow.
So he does.
“Good job you did here with Jack.”
But the thought of letting himself have this, pull someone holy like an angel into his legacy of corrupting everything he touches, it's still a ways to go.
Meanwhile, the last one has picked up Dean’s gun and looks like they’re figuring out how to fire it.
Dean leans sideways, whispers right into Cas' ear, “I got hard, this morning, thinking about you waking me with a blowjob,” to see if he can get a rise out of him.
Dean's heart breaks for both of them. “Don't be. It's not like it was your fault. What I'm trying to say is, um—” and all of a sudden, Dean is right back to flustered and teenage-girl-levels of awkwardness. It takes all his courage, all the reminders of what he has gone through, all the reminders of what Cas has gone through - everything spinning in his head ever since he came to heaven, to say it, but it needs to be said once and for all and Dean does not ever need to repeat it, okay? Okay. “I don't know when and I don't know how, but I fell in love with you years ago. I didn't notice, it just happened.”
“I'm honored,” Cas deadpans.
The next time he blinks awake, Dean feels like hammered crap. His head is pounding, and there’s a kaleidoscope turning behind his closed eyelids. There’s residue on his tongue that tastes like iron — maybe he bit his tongue when he fell — and his whole body aches, not in the good way. Every time he moves, a new muscle twinges, and it even hurts to pry his parched lips apart to talk.
“You wanna get rid of me that bad, huh?” Dean snickers.
Sam interrupts him, obviously lost in his own head. “They haven't even met her yet, not even Mom. Or have they?”
If you've made it through the schmoop so far, have fun with the last full chapter of this story. Get your insulin ready.
Cas huffs amused, tilts his head back to look up at the sky. “Oh, it was worse than that.”
Dean heads on over, slides in next to Cas, wraps an arm around his shoulders in one fluent move and kisses his cheek. “Hey, sweetheart,” he grins.
This time: Breaking into the Akkarean palace and saving Mary Winchester, no big deal, just another regular Tuesday for the Singer brothers. What could possibly go wrong?
Dean lies there, in this cocoon of warmth and comfort and the smell of Cas, in their sheets, in their bed.
I bet some of you go "HOLD UP she's answering comments, the new chapter is about to be posted!" and you're right lol. Enjoy an extra long chapter!
Dean closes his eyes, just for a moment, groans when Cas' hands slide back up, and takes matters into his own hands. Sitting up on his knees, he unfastens his belt and shakes his jeans and underwear down his legs. Cas' eyes are glued to him as he slides off the bed and, sans pants, back over him, watching every move of his.
Jack, on the other hand, stares at them in confusion.
He strides over, steps up to the table and grins, so wide his cheeks hurt. “Hi Eileen,” he waves at her, and now that she can see Dean, her face goes from surprise to delight in .5 seconds.
She steps up into the airlock, hands still up, face hidden under a shawl, draped over her head.
He thought talking through sex was intimidating, when it turns out that talking the morning after is way more awkward.
Sam rolls his eyes, but unzips his jacket and drops it. He lifts the plain white tee underneath up to his shoulder. “Console,” is all he says, as an explanation.
“Only what was in your report.” Uriel wears his smirk like armor, barely able to cover the fact that he’s trying to hide way too much schadenfreude. “Which, admittedly, was pretty thin.”
“But—” Rowena flails her hands around, speechless.
Dean nods.
Dean waves at Ellen to tell her they are leaving, and when he heads outside, he finds Eileen standing in front of the Impala with huge eyes. “The license plate is different,” she says.
“Dean,” Cas starts, voice as gravely as ever as he slides off the hood and straightens up to his full height.
Suddenly, the noise vanishes, and the couch they're sitting on is not Ash's couch anymore, but a bed – their bed, their sheets, their
“Not even you?” Jo asks after sipping her whiskey.
It does make him think.
Ellen shouts over from the other end of the bar, grabbing for two cans of Red Bull from the fridge without looking, pushing it closed with her heel. “Dean, can you get two burgers real quick?”
Dean doesn’t have time to watch him. Doesn’t have time to consider that Castiel might just fly off without him. The thought gets dismissed the millisecond it pops up. He’s going to have to trust Castiel. Weirdly enough, it’s not that hard to do.
He clears his throat.
It really all came full circle.
The one thing Cas thought he could never have, and Dean wants to scream into the world that Cas always had him. Always.
Yeah, he's a possessive bastard, so what.
Dean hums around his cock, gives it a few tugs with just his hand, kisses down the side to its base, never breaking eye contact. Chest rising and falling rapidly, Cas scratches his fingernails over Dean's scalp, and it only makes him hum with appreciation again.
And then there's fingers closing around the base of his dick, Dean's hand still around it. Their range of movement is a bit impaired by the angle, but with a tip of his hips, Dean can make it work. That move also makes it possible for Cas to grind against his ass. And Dean is stuck in the middle with careful, curious fingers around his erection, and whenever that gets too much, he can roll his hips backwards to get Cas moaning into his ear. Which isn't making things easier, but he's not complaining.
Strap yourselves in, and for those who know what's about to happen: yes.
Jimmy's eyebrows climb all the way up to his hairline. “Congratulations?”
to look for her?” Sam asks, careful.
He starts researching everything the galactic information network has on Fergus Crowley.
The empty chairs to their side are a reminder that yes, they're still missing two of the Winchester men.
And he says it so nonplussed, so matter-of-factly that Dean can only laugh. “I know, we've had worse to go through, together, this doesn't even compare.”
Sam also doesn't want to sit with him in the car for days at a time any more, but that's okay. They truly had their fair share of road trips in their time. Sam won't always be with him. Which is fine. The fact that Dean will have to build a whole entire new relationship with his brother – one that is not constructed around the fact that hunting is a necessity – it's all fine.
“No, don’t ‘aw, Dean’ me.” Dean shakes it off, and is instantly back in said comfort zone. “I know that tone. Don’t get your hopes up. Or whatever.”
Cas blinks when Dean leans back down again. Confusion gives way to mischief. “Because we're here, in your car?”
After a while, the scenery changes again, and the Impala roars up a slope to get on some kind of two-lane highway that seems unfamiliar. It's the roadworks, the guard rails, it's all a bit weird. Cas really pushes the gas.
With a kiss, Cas distracts him as he lubes up his fingers, and then he's back, fingertip breaching him. Cas pushes until Dean gasps, then waits, eyes focused and too intense and entirely too serious.
“You're always welcome, Donna,” Dean adds. She doesn't look that shaken any more, but he feels like putting emphasis on that.
Dean blinks. Cas tilts his head, eyes squinting, and that's just way too adorable. Under the table, Dean rests his knee against Cas'.
'Won't even need to touch my balls to have me come in two seconds flat,' he adds, turns to Jo. “Any open orders?”
Dean doesn't get it.
“Are you coming?” he offers to Cas, because Cas has never been an interference factor even in these situations, “Or would you rather spend the day in the garden?”
“Oh, no, Dean, no need to get all protective. I said you can have free will, and I meant it, alright? Everyone gets free will. That goes for the angels, too. And for once, even this one does what I expected him to do. Makes me kind-of proud, gotta admit.”
The radiator hose he knows he needs every couple of years will be a new one, anyway. Rubber used in 50 year old cars is not that durable.
Dean entangles his feet with Cas' after they sit down at opposite ends of the tub, leans back into the shaped seat and relaxes into the water jets massaging his back. “The hot tub was a friggin' fantastic idea,” he states with a sigh as he feels the tension in his muscles dissipate after a while.
But Mary and Cas have known each other. This is nothing new. Cas is family to her, she has said so multiple times.
“Not today,” Dean smiles, pushes against Cas, aligning their hips, aligning their dicks, and closing the distance between their lips. “But someday,” he mumbles between kisses.
When Dean approaches the table, Cas turns from looking out the window to him. “Good morning, Dean.” There's only a half full cup of coffee in front of him.
That has Dean perk up. “When did you suspect, then?”
Cas' fingers dip under the waistband of his jeans, searching for his underwear. “I know what you mean, though. And I agree, we should enjoy this. I assure you, I do. But there are more pressing matters at hand.”
Cassie has that wide grin plastered on her face that Dean fell for so, so long ago. “I'm glad to see you happy. Bit of a surprise, but I can see why this works for you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you enjoy it?” His voice is deep, rumbles in the back of his throat, and it goes down like the slow burn of a whiskey with smoked honey.
“You share a place?” Charlie asks.
Cas just takes it with a matter-of-fact-ness that makes Dean feel fuzzy inside.
“Alright,” Dean nudges Cas' hip, turns to get out the sauce pot and the cheese grater. “You wash and cut veggies, I cook the sauce? Onions and garlic first,” Dean instructs, grabs the olive oil and turns on the heat.
However, when the counters are clean and the scraps are disposed of and the trash is in the can, he can't escape Cas any more.
'Though I do love a hand on them anyway. That reminds me, once a girl put a finger in my ass while blowing me, that was-- well, over very soon.'
He leans back, heart beating rapidly, and turns towards his Mom. Picks up a wet bowl to dry it with the kitchen towel in his hands to distract everyone, but mostly himself. She shoots him a knowing, lopsided smile, but other than that, there's no reaction in the room.
Hooks his fingers under Cas' belt, flips the buckle, slides the zipper down excruciatingly slow.
“So, even monsters can go to heaven? People like Garth?”
Cas sighs. “If it would've been the last thing you'd have remembered about me, I would've been fine with this being it.”
They land on Tachuan just after sundown and make a quick stop at the nearest Terran settlement for food. This solar system, 243 light years away from their own, is adorned with a tiny, but very light blue sun in its middle, which makes this planet’s surface shine, silvery and glittering, even from orbit.
But whoever managed to save coffee beans from the Earth and then managed to work out how to propagate them so that they’re still around? Dean would drop to his knees and pray his thanks every day to them.
Jo waves at them, “See you tomorrow!”
Eileen nods. “I'm so glad.”
Dean huffs, only half amused. “No. Or well, for a while. Didn't stick and ended messy, and I never tried that again, afterwards. Sammy managed it, after I died on the job.”
Okay, you guys. You're gonna love this chapter, I promise. First off, we have our first Sam POV which will be very interesting, second, Dean and Cas... are, well Dean and Cas, you'll see. I love this chapter. I hope you enjoy it too!
Dean tries not to think about blue eyes, staring down at him, ten shades of aroused and grateful and loving and sweet, and instead goes to fill up glasses with vodka and Red Bull.
The stubble rubbing against his cheek, he doesn't mind it. Hasn't minded it, from the very beginning. But as much as he'd like to explore and as much as he looks forward to it, maybe it's better to leave well enough alone. Go with just kissing tonight, since that's new enough. And, honestly, the kissing is so good, anything more might have Dean spontaneously combust.
By the time he walks out towards their kitchen nook wearing only his flight pants, towel still hanging off his head, he’s whistling to himself.
Amara turns to them. “We are going to rework the afterlife system. It's kind of BS at the moment, since someone clearly didn't think it through all that well.”
I have no excuse for this. Except we finally needed to earn that E rating. More plot next time, promise ;-)
of them.”
And at that thought, Dean's house of cards comes crashing down. Cas has been so patient, going along with Dean's actions, playing along to everything. Dean hasn't stopped once to consider his feelings, beside that one time Cas blew up in his face.
Yeah, so what if Pro’aloons have been part of some very explicit fantasies for Dean since he learned how to masturbate? It’s not like tentacles aren’t a much more common kink than Sam thinks.
Charlie just about screeches, grabs his shoulder and shakes him. “No way! Oh, I'm so proud of you.”
“And what’s your cause, exactly? I forgot to ask the other day,” Sam’s eyes squint, like he’s onto something. So Dean lets him do the talking and observes.
But when he turns around, they find the reason to be pretty self-explanatory.
Dean doesn't know how to respond, so he slaps Cas' ass and gets a squinty death-glare in return.
Only then does Cas step up and sit beside Dean in the booth.
Dean whirls around on his heel, finds Amara standing behind and to the side of Chuck, and looks her up and down. “Amara,” he nods in greeting.
“So, um, Cas. I can't believe this is actually happening. I never thought this would ever be in the cards, for me, or you. Now I know I'm not good with words, but I also know you hate to see me put myself down, so here goes nothing. I'm not exaggerating when I say that the day you told me that you loved me, you didn't just save me, but you also saved the world. You told me exactly what I needed to hear when I needed to hear it - that my love was seen and reciprocated, and it made all the difference. You told me, that I was the one thing you wanted, and you knew you could never have. Well, turns out. You always had me. I love you, Cas. Have loved you for a long time. Will love you for as long as I am. So I guess you're stuck with me now. You call me out on being a sap all the time and I usually deny it, but - maybe you're right. I'll admit that, just between us, today,” he finishes with a wink, voice rough with emotion. That gets a few chuckles from their guests, at least.
Dean's heart breaks for her, it does, but it's not like that and he needs her to understand that. He needs her to see that--
And he gets to have this now, so he'll damn well take it, because Cas makes him damn happy.
It smells like comfort and home and family, and Dean realizes how much he had missed this house. Plus, with Bobby, it's easy, just doing nothing, waiting for their food to be done.
Blinking at him, Cas tilts his head, and Dean cradles his face in his hands.
Cas produces a handkerchief out of nowhere and hands it over.
Cas' lips open under his, sucking in a sharp breath, and with a snap of his fingers, he gets Dean's shorts off. The hard length sliding up next to his tells him that Cas hasn't just made short work of Dean's, but also his own remaining clothes. And yes, perfect, Dean had no ambitions of fumbling those off.
For a second, he has to backtrack. When was that, the first time Cas died? Oh, yeah, that one time, at Chuck's place – that deceiving, conning genius, hiding as a prophet.
Under him, Cas' breaths get quicker, the hot puffs of air hitting Dean's lips more frequent than before, and then there's a hand at the base of his spine, Cas' index finger trailing down, down, dipping into the crack of his ass.
Cas' Adam's apple bops. Up, and down.
"You're asking the wrong questions, Sam. You ask what exactly you need to do and which thing to collect, and then you ask how much you're gonna get for it. Those two line up? Done deal."
As Dean walks over to Cas, still rubbing a towel over his wet hair, he sees that one outfit is his typical black suit, oversized dress shirt, and blue tie, the other is khakis and a sweater vest and a dark blue button down. He wrinkles his nose.
And this time, it's Cas who rolls them to get Dean under him, and kisses him the way Dean kissed him just a minute ago. Dean wants to melt into the mattress, and his heart wants to jump out of his chest. All he can do is press his hand to the small of Cas' back, run his other hand over broad shoulders, over thick muscles, along strong arms – and take that kiss, accept that love declaration.
(See the end of the chapter for
There's a silent plea in those huge blue eyes, all determination.
Castiel kisses like he has lost his footing and, in fact, it isn’t so much desperation, it’s more — it is bringing them both back to the here and now, grounding them both in this moment. Kissing back and giving back, handing himself over, isn’t hard, not like Dean thought it would be, either.
It takes another deep breath for him to say, “I fell in love with you because
When he sees the checkered boxers though, Dean snickers. “Cas, seriously, we gotta get you some nice underwear. Let's get that abomination off.”
Dean's attention is entirely on him when Cas takes his book from Sam.
That evening, they fall asleep on the couch while 'The Great British Bake Off', season 1, flickers across the TV to an audience of exactly no one.
Dean rubs his shin under the table. Blue eyes look up at him, and one edge of his lip moves upwards. It's damn attractive, and ok, there's Dean's mind, back in the gutter.
“Human poison,” Ash snickers. “I don’t have a good name for it yet, it’s new. Alcohol-based. Definitely your kinda drink.”
Having watched their exchange curiously, Eileen nods, signs an Ok.
And as if he didn't have a semi already, Dean finds himself fully hard, dick straining against the zipper of his jeans.
Again with that tilt of his head.
The questioning looks.
Though, when Dean looks at him, there's nothing angel-y about him, the way he leans against Dean's shoulder with his hair tousled and his lips looking like the definition of sinful. Dean scratches his nails up and down Cas' spine lazily, basking in the afterglow.
Cas' eyes are closed, his features relaxed. Ruffling his hair makes him look up at Dean, eyes shining in a deep ocean blue in the too-dim light. “Why are you holding back?”
“Which would be…?” Sam leaves the question hanging in the air, atmosphere so thick you could cut it with a knife, and they wait.
But if they never defeated Chuck, Jack would never have been able to rebuild heaven.
“Akkarea’s the most powerful, most protected planet in the entire galaxy. It’s impossible. Besides, it’s an entire
“Sorry,” Cas smiles with a stroke of his hand along Dean's jaw, a tingle following his touch as he runs his thumb over Dean's bottom lip.
Part of him is disappointed. After he washed his hair and toweled off, Dean sees Cas in their bedroom, getting dressed.
He leans in, carefully, slowly, giving Cas all the time in the world to pull back if he needs to. And yet, he does not expect Cas' reaction.
Two beers appear on the table before them.
Cas looks at him, waits.
“No,” Chuck's smile turns contemplating, but warm. “That was all you, I swear. To myself, or whatever.”
fair, “so hard,” a push of of the pad of his finger, millimeters at best, but Dean arches his back, pushes against it, thoughts going in circles, imagining it, what it'd feel like, Cas' cock right there, pushing in, so slow, stretching him, filling him up until Cas is balls deep inside him, cockhead angled against Dean's prostate, the slight discomfort, maybe some burn as his muscles give way, but there's only a finger now, only a finger, and not even in, not even pushing and it's
He doesn’t care much about kissing, usually. If he has his say and gets to fuck around with someone who has maybe one or two tentacle appendages, or genitals that are just fun to figure out, then kissing is usually not part of the menu or of the appeal, and Dean doesn’t mind, never has.
That's another thing.
“Nice dick,” slips past his lips before he gives it a second thought. And through the fog, it really is. Proportionate. Uncut.
Looking down at his clothes, Cas seems bewildered as to what immense meaning humans attach to clothing, or something.
“Home, sweet home,” Dean sighs, as he unlocks the front door, peeks into the garage to pat Baby's hood for good measure. “Hi, sweetheart.”
Cas nods. “When do you want to go?”
And as Sam tells her, she corrects his signs, then and there. Just peppering in little things. Sam doesn’t even know when it all clicks for him, but after two hours, he says, ‘I’m going to call Bobby tonight,’ — without saying a single word out loud.
“I'm learning to embrace it,” Amara chuckles. “But don't get me wrong. I'm neither on Chuck's side nor on theirs.”
Nodding his head, he wipes at the tiny red splotches with his napkin. “Sorry.”
Guests coming and going, bringing pie or whiskey or both, and if anyone notices the rings, they don't comment on it.
and Dean arches his back. Which has all the advantages of exposing his neck. Cas jumps on that opportunity immediately, fusing his mouth to Dean's pulse point. The other advantage being that Dean can feel how hard Cas is against him, and he pushes his hips back because he's a big tease and he can own that, too.
“I could’ve made breakfast,” Sam protests, weakly, gesturing along with his words, the way he has since she landed, pointing at things, signing with his literal hands and feet.
And it's not so much about getting off – well, it is, technically, but seeing Cas here in the middle of their bed, legs crossed at the ankles, leaning back on his arms, all of his glorious, soft skin laid out for Dean – as it is about Dean wanting to wrap him up and never let him go anywhere ever again.
He also made it to the part where he's wearing clothes now and even Cas got around to wearing something that wasn't Dean's.
Eileen blows her nose and takes a deep breath. “I knew I had to live without him sooner than later, but not like this.”
good.
It’s not the time to linger on that, Dean decides. "Listen, dude, I'm happy to share this with you and talk for a bit, but not gonna waste your time — you're not my type."
Hello again! So you're still not tired of these idiots and their elaborate dance of gay chicken? Well, me neither.
“What have I gotten myself into,” Dean mumbles into his beer.
Sam signs an ‘Okay’ and waits for her to continue.
He curls against Cas, breathes him in, and fuck, they
He has almost convinced himself of that when Cas’ hand is at his chin, tugs, guides it around with the tips of his fingers. And then Cas pecks his mouth, quick and chaste.
Why is this what gets him emotional?
Dean is almost angry at him for deciding this without discussing it with him first. But the way Sam just declared that last bit — yeah, okay.
Dean breathes.
Eileen beams at him, and it’s all worth it and Sam is maybe, probably, a bit giggly, which correlates weirdly with his worry for Dean. Although he knows that his brother is very capable of getting himself out of a pickle, he is still with a stranger.
heaven with.”
It only hits him now that they never hugged goodbye back at the bunker.
“Is this what I taste like?” Cas asks, all innocent, and sounds like he really doesn't mind.
Dean turns to her, has to tear his eyes away from Cas to do so, “Yes, Jo?” he asks sweetly, and she punches him in the shoulder.
So he sits down at the shore of the lake, puts up a chair, gets our a fishing rod and a lure, throws it out into the water, sits and waits and thinks.
And yet, and still.
Dean notices the anti-possession tattoo on younger Dean's forearm as he grew up. He taps the picture, twice. “You didn't raise him to be a hunter, did you?”
While they still stand there, right behind the still-open front door, with his Mom, he has already seen John approach Eileen and Sam and ignored him, for now. But now that introductions are made, John goes to say hello to them, too.
It takes him a moment, but Cas does get up from his crouch and turns to him, then steps away from the hive and comes over to where Dean sits on the porch steps.
Cas rolls his eyes, shakes his head, like he can't believe that this is the human that his affections fell on.
your solution?”
Only one way to find out.
They stay like that for countless minutes, and Dean almost falls back asleep. Cas' hand is at his waist, a warm, welcome weight. Dean doesn't want to get up, doesn't want to think, doesn't want to face the day.
Cas opens his mouth, but then shuts up anyway.
Cas in suit pants that are tight enough around the thigh to show off how muscular those are, without cutting in at the inseam or under Cas' ass. Which Dean can't see, right now, but that's what he imagined. Pants that don't fold at the ankle because they're too long, but stop just there. The white dress shirt is tailored, seams running at Cas' shoulders, framing them into a perfect V down to where they are tucked under the simple black belt. Not an inch of extra fabric taking away from the fact that Cas' hipbones deserve all the attention they can get.
Then the blue glow fades – first, from Cas' eyes, then from the cut in his neck, and Jack reaches up to heal him, eyes still glowing with Cas' grace. Unable to voice the mess of feelings in his chest, Dean tugs, pulls Cas into his arms and holds on.
Then they get to the door, and the guard plants themself in front of Dean. “You think really I’m let you go?” they snarl, not making a lick of effort to properly use CGL, but Dean has met enough of these types to figure out a threat when it’s thrown in his face. The Drifter is a head shorter than Dean, stumpy, stocky, but strong. Probably grew up on a planet with a much higher gravitation.
Dean does it for them, and Cas meets him halfway. Shallow, short little thrusts at first, and when Cas pulls out almost completely, Dean gasps. Alright, okay. He can see where the appeal lies. “Do that again,” he breathes, peppers Cas' ear and neck with kisses.
Said cock in his mouth becomes impossibly harder and Dean wonders if Cas already close. He's also not ashamed to admit that the thought makes him groan, because it'd mean that Cas enjoyed this enough, that he made him feel
With a smirk playing around the edges of his lips, Cas explains, “Obviously, because I can't ask for your consent if you're asleep.”
“If you enjoy showers, shower. If you enjoy doing laundry, do your laundry. You can do whatever you want.” Cas smiles, then. “Now. Why don't you step inside.”
Dean hits the SOS button, sending a short-range signal to ships around them.
Cas, who can break him with a single laugh, a single word, in all the best ways.
Dean wants to kiss Cas, right here, but they're in the middle of their meal and it's not the time or the place.
With the knowledge of what had happened that day, of how heavy those words once were exchanged, they gain twice the meaning.
“Souls can't go to heaven if they hold a grudge or have unfinished business. Those people don't.”
I hope you've had a nice week wondering where I was going with this story :D I'm happy to say that it's time! Now that we've met our protagonists and learned a bit about the galaxy they live in, let's get this show on the road!
Dean blinks. First at Chuck, then at a still unconscious Cas in his arms. His hands are clammy, and his stomach is in knots. If something sounds too good to be true... it probably is.
Dean tries another thing.
Welcome to the end.
“Yeah, I know the story,” Sam teases with a fond roll of his eyes. “Go, have fun. Don’t be too butthurt when you’re back here in two minutes.”
Charlie is just telling the story of that one time Dean was the Queen of Moondoor's handmaiden, and how Dean led the battle against the Shadow Orcs after a successful hunt.
He wakes up in Cas' arms.
Jo heads out with the tablet after they collected everything and Dean swipes the counters down while chatting with one of the patrons at the bar, a hunter named Wilfried.
But it's not enough.
Charlie hooks up the system while Kevin untangles the controllers. Playing with cable-bound controllers means they have to pile up in front of the TV, Kevin and Charlie on the sofa, Ash lounging on his side on one elbow, Dean sitting cross-legged beside him on the floor. The principle is pretty easy and to absolutely no one's surprise, they all get very competitive about the simplest minigames.
Without anything more to say, Jo pours them another round of Tequila. “Fuck John Winchester,” she says by way of toasting to Dean.
Three thoughts hit Dean all at once.
They uncap two beers and sit on the couch and watch a french gore movie with subtitles. The kind of movie that Cas doesn't enjoy because he sees and points out every flaw the story has. Not that the story is relevant to enjoy a movie like that. Eileen shares his weird fascination for bad horror movies.
Dean frowns, ponders. “If you want to.”
Dean stares at Cas, at the bar, having an obviously stilted but – at least on Ash' part – amusing conversation.
He's so out of his depth, he doesn't know what to do, where to start, and yes, he has really reverted back to being a teenager. He certainly feels as nervous. His hands seem to have started a life of their own, cradling Cas' neck, fingers in his hair. They slide closer, as if there even was any room left between them in the first place.
There might have been some underlying tension before, but the awkwardness peaks as they stare at each other while the airlock opens. The sense of déjà-vu is strong, and Dean knows exactly why. The memory of saying goodbye last time still makes his stomach tingle.
As a testament to his non-human side, Jack wordlessly agrees. Anyone else would've dropped the 'it's happy hour somewhere' line on Dean.
At least, it gets an appreciative nod out of Sam. “I see. What’s her name?”
Cas loves him, and told him so. And part of him wants to make sure that they are, in fact, on the same page. That this is Love with a capital L. Then again, he is also not a teenage girl and these thoughts are making his insides uneasy.
he's freaking out.
Bonus points for playing footsie under the table.
Jack wouldn't have needed to save Cas. Technically, at least. Cas was his father figure, of course, and that was Dean's hope. But if Jack would've never had that life with Dean and Cas – and Sam – he would never have known what Cas meant to Dean, that his heaven would never have been complete without Cas.
Cas' eyes are glued to him, focused on his every move. His spine is rigid, shoulders tense. He's desperately trying to form responses to what Charlie says, and Dean draws his lips in, bites at them, having a hard time not bursting out laughing. This is working way too well. When Dean meets his eyes, Cas tips his chin up, defiantly, almost. Purely out of reflex, Dean licks his lips and Cas stares at them, now, which is not improving Dean's situation at all.
“So, uh. What do you do now, Cas?”
Fuck this.
Castiel is looking at him, blue eyes wide open, pupils dilated, and his lashes flutter as he groans into Dean’s mouth. Dean’s cock strains against his pants, and he reaches down to rearrange himself.
Plus, does Cas even feel ready?
As Crowley’s eyes track the three seconds of video, looking away from Dean and Sam, his eyebrows tick up. However, when he turns back to them, his face is back to condescendingly neutral and his answer is a measly, “Okay.”
Cas looks ethereal, eyes even bluer than usual in the direct sunlight, making his dark hair glitter, his grin bright and honest.
Dean huffs, gestures. “Then why--”
, and Dean – now that he sees the appeal – appreciates the hard muscles there providing some friction.
“What were you doing in there?”
Aaaand that's our title drop from Dean! I know this chapter is all fluff but we're all here because we need all the fluff we can get, aren't we? And theeen... well, look forward to chapter 12.
Ash blows him a kiss from behind the bar, a 'you're welcome' and Cas frowns as he does three shots in a row, in sync with Ash.
Underneath him, Cas takes a deep breath. Hands travel up Dean's jean-clad thighs, but stop short of where it matters, then slide back down to his knees. A tease, a promise.
A few heads turn towards them, but suddenly, there's a whisper, and then, there's nothing.
Cas still blows him in the morning, sunlight dipping his skin into a golden glow, making his hair glimmer at the tips and his eyes shine in a pale blue. Dean doesn't let him finish him off like that, because he wants him in his arms, wants to kiss him when they both come, so they trade handjobs, lying on their side, facing each other. When he arches into Cas' touch, spilling all over his hand, his sole focus is the feeling of Cas' lips on his, gentle, yet firm, and there are no words needed for the feelings between them.
It takes him a moment, but there's more questions piling up. “No hangover? What about sleep?”
happening, lots of new situations. Next chapter will be our big turning point, I'll leave you with this tidbit to think about for the upcoming week.
Dean bristles. “What?” He files through memories from a decade ago, before the Roadhouse burned down. Yes, once he was more comfortable with Ellen and got around to talking to Ash more often, he had been here a few times. He'd gotten drunk with Ash once, while Sam was at Bobby's, and who knows what had happened that night. He doesn't remember much. They fell asleep on the sofa – well, Dean fell asleep on the sofa, he found Ash on the pool table later – and now that he's thinking about it, Dean remembers complimenting his hair the very first time they met.
“Did he confess to you?”
The drive into the sunset and not-quite night is beautiful, picturesque even. Dean knows this atmosphere, spent years and years driving over night, cross-country. It's comfort and familiarity, and Cas at his side is quiet as the cassette tape he recorded for him not too long ago spins in the recorder. B-side, A-side, B-side, and back, until he pulls up to the Roadhouse.
Eileen's smile becomes impossibly wider as she clutches hear hands in front of her face. “Cas! You're alive! Oh that is... a relief.”
Charlie raises her eyebrow at him. “Really? She never mentioned it.”
already, and the shower has been a tempting third time. In the end, Dean sighed and opted to hurry it up and go over to Sam and Eileen for lunch. Cas fertilizes the soil in the greenhouse in the afternoon, and Dean sucks it up, puts on some working clothes, and hauls dung with a wheelbarrow for Cas to shovel under the soil with a pitchfork.
“So, um,” he starts, clears his throat. His heart is beating too loud. Why is this so hard?
Dean hums, low in his throat. Does he want breakfast? Maybe distracting Cas is more fun.
“Dean.”
When was the last time he trusted someone so inherently who was not his brother?
Dean shakes his head. Laughs on the exhale. “Deja-vu.”
Their lips stick together when they break apart for air, and Dean can't look at Cas, not right now. Too close, too much potential of getting lost in these feelings. So he listens to his body instead, wallows in the touch of skin on skin, touches so tender they make his heart flutter, breath tickling his beard.
Even with Charlie’s tricks, even with some help from the government databases, there’s nothing.
“The difference between,” Dean changes his voice to a mocking, cheerful and high-pitched tone, “'Oh gee, I would wish for your penis to enter my anal cavity', or,” and while Cas almost broke into a smile, there, Dean lowers his chin, stares darkly at Cas and drops his voice about an octave as he growls, “Cas, I want to you fuck my ass so hard I can't sit tomorrow.”
Donna sniffles. “Yeah, but don'tcha get it? You found Cas again, here, Jody is with her husband, Sam's with his wife, and you're all golden. But thing is, I'm one divorce and a nasty break-up down the road of that. There's--” she takes a deep breath. “There's no one. Claire and Kaja are still alive, at least, but they have each other and Alex and Patience hopefully have a lot of time left and--”
Dean just runs, zig-zags as needed, but they are intercepted not ten feet before the platform by a group of four thugs who are definitely not logistic or storage droids.
Maybe they'll get to have their beach vacation after all.
And Kansas, the band,
So he leans his shoulder against Cas' and they enjoy the view for three beers, until the sun is past the worst of the midday heat. They don't talk much, and it's comfortable and relaxed.
Dean gives him the best bitchface he can manage, but Sam only shrugs it off.
“I dunno, maybe you’re a pirate just trying to up and leave with my ship — well, my brother’s, and no offense, even if you’re a real engineer — he would kill me if I let you down there.” Sam chuckles at the face she makes at him. It’s too adorable. “And if he and that guy who helped us out couldn’t fix it, I’m sure it’s not fixable.”
After hugging him, he grinned at her, “Old age. Boring, I know.”
Cas has long since stopped looking at him funny for this kind of behavior. In fact, when Dean turns around, he can already see Cas leaving through the back door, most likely to look for his bees.
Which does nothing to calm him down. Did she just wait for him to let his guard down before — yeah, what exactly? Where is she? And is his insight into humanoid nature so out of whack, so screwed, that he didn’t notice over the past hours that she was working up to blindside him?
Ash wordlessly shakes his empty can, Kevin asks for a coke and Sam wants a gin and tonic. Dean nods and gets his friends watered.
He can’t hear Sam’s reply over the background noise of people, music, and bar, but he gets the gist and the tease and ignores it.
Cas' lips drop open for a reply.
Bobby claps his hand on his shoulder. “You really don't. S' not like you are head over heels for the guy because he's a guy, rather despite that.”
“What's for dinner?” Dean grins, takes a sip.
,” Dean splutters, but eventually winks at him. “I'll show you a
“Not that. I mean, I kind of brought that on us, which, sorry. No, I mean, how… why did that Akkarean, Naomi or whatever, just let us go?”
lake, and takes a deep breath. In through his nose, out through his mouth.
“So hard for me.” A low growl, hitting Dean right where it counts.
Ok, folks, buckle up, strap in, this one's a ride. (Note that it picks off right where chapter 7 left off!)
He winks at Cas.
Cas lets him. Pets his hair. Kisses his neck, kisses his shoulder. Doesn't ask, doesn't expect an explanation.
Dean shoots him a short, heartfelt smile. “Who is your mother-in-law now, just to reiterate that,” he grins.
It never comes.
Cas hums in delight. “I can't wait to have PB&J for breakfast again. That taste of sugar and grapes and peanuts.”
He reaches around himself, plucks Cas' hand off of him by the wrist, and lifts Cas' index and middle finger to his lips.
Cas stares at him, licks his lips. Dean doesn't break eye contact as he warms the lube in his hand. The slurping noise is obscene but Dean grins, repeating it on purpose.
When Sam was dead, he went to Lisa.
And there's a celebratory dinner Dean never expected – with Jack and Sam and Rowena, and Cas at his side. The bean-and-lentil-excuse of a lasagna is actually damn tasty, and Dean stuffs his face and grins around the rim of his beer. It's a shame that there's no pie for dessert, but that's an issue for tomorrow-Dean to fix.
It engulfs Dean as he trails his hands back to Cas' front, their bodies so close he barely has space to work, barely knows how to do this with Cas distracting him, lips running down his jaw, biting at his earlobe, lips trailing the shell.
“Your cock, in my mouth,” Dean clarifies, tilts his head. “Oral sex.”
Dean doesn't know where to begin. They've been different today. Date or not, there has neither been hand-holding nor any particular romantic stuff. And only now does Dean realize how touchy they have become at home. A hand at his waist, trailing up his spine, to his neck. A kiss to the temple, to the neck, to the shoulder. A hug shared in the kitchen, a foot around his under the table.
“I'm sure we were a handful,” Dean admits. Hindsight is a bitch, and some things he gets better than he did back then. He's also past the point where he put his Dad on a pedestal. Just because he chose to no longer hold it over John doesn't mean he forgot about it all.
Jack steps up to Cas, who nods one more time. “Do it.”
They're so close. Cas' head drops to Dean's shoulder, and Dean uses the opportunity to stroke the hair at the nape of his neck.
Sam, of course, also has a surprise for them, and once the wedding
Sam pointedly ignores him, orders the vegan pancakes and a fruit salad. When the waitress is gone, he holds out all of three seconds before he snarks, “Dean, always with the healthy life choices.”
Cas hums and pulls Dean into a guided fall into the sheets. “No cleanup. Tired. Too cozy like this.”
Jo gets up onto a small step, pot and wooden spoon in hand, banging them together for attention.
When Sam finally finds Eileen, it’s with her butt towards him where she’s bent down in the maintenance hatch of the reactor, doing who knows what. He chides himself.
“How did you feel after that?”
The breakfast table is set when he returns to the kitchen, dressed, though with his hair still wet and sticking up in wild spikes. Cas sits in front of his full plate and waits for him.
Dean waits, at a loss for words.
When they get out of the shower, Dean sees his shit-eating grin mirrored on Cas' plump lips, and he has no idea how he will be able to take this any more. His heart can't take it.
He chuckles. If he didn't know any better he'd say Cas looks freshly fucked.
Dean loses track of time as they play round after round. He's not even half bad at it, but Kevin is already down for the count after two rounds. “Lightweight,” Ash laughs and heaves him over to his bed, dumps him on the unmade duvet.
Cas shakes his head. “We can do better than this.”
Part of Dean's brain shuts down.
in love with humanity.”
Cas. He knows how this works. This isn't that big a deal. Dean stares into adoring, blue eyes and a beautiful smile.
And those bustling nights at the Roadhouse are giving Dean life. It allows him the right amount of being this charming persona that always worked well on hunts, enjoying life and seeing people happy. It's a job and it's fun. And it's only two nights a week, working with people he loves, seeing people he loves, entertaining and enjoyable. It's been his dream for a reason, and now he has it all.
Irritated, Dean glances over. “What? Do I have something on my face?”
Sam's eyes blaze in a way that Dean recognizes. “So I was right, you didn't want it to be a big deal.”
Cas pulls the drawstring apart, and with a fine clatter, the rings tumble into his open palm. There's a moment of silence before he scowls and says, “I thought it was customary for the woman to wear an engagement ring?”
The screen clicks off, and Dean groans. “He’s insufferable.”
Cas drops his angel blade out of his sleeve, spins it over his long fingers, and Dean remembers. They've spent entire afternoons in shady motel rooms, just playing with angel blades. At this point, Dean doesn't know if Cas learned most of his knife handling skills from Dean or the other way around. It's just that the movement bears a familiarity, in the flick of the wrist, in the way his long fingers close around the handle, one after the other. He holds it out for Jack to take.
“Castiel! Where have you been?”
Dean grins. “That sounds great.”
Of course he earns a 'what do you think you're doing' look from Cas, and grins a gummy grin at him before leaning in and getting that kiss he was longing for earlier. Promptly, Cas gets his hand on Dean's neck and tilts his head the way he wants to, to kiss him deeper.
And of course Cas tilts his head to the side and squints at him, confused and cute. His eyes do that thing where they bore into his and leave him completely see-through and vulnerable. He doesn't need to ask what Dean means because Dean can hear it, loud and clear.
Dean rubs his nose against Cas'. This has to do.
He can't wait to see Sam again.
With how packed the place is, it’s no surprise that it takes the barkeeper a minute to get to them. Satisfied at the lack of Akkarean assholes around, Dean allows himself to check out the talent.
Good question, really. Is it? Dean thinks about it. It's all he's thinking about, all day, every day, since he got to heaven. When did this start with Cas? And does it even matter because he knows now and Cas knows now and at least, this part is new. “Yes,” he says.
Dean is nervous, though he has no reason to be. He takes the book Sam hands him, nods, opens it with shaky fingers.
And that's not what Dean was saying, but it's a whole 'nother can of worms he has to open sooner or later. His joke certainly fell flat. “It's not about that,” he tries. “Not really.” He swallows the rest that is simply too much to put into words, right now. Instead, he takes the bowl of dried lentils and washes them, then throws them into the pot.
“And,” Cas intones, catching his eyes and holding his gaze, “I want,” and there's a deliberate pause as Cas' finger dips against the center of Dean's entrance, the muscle already starting to relax, but Cas doesn't push, just puts his finger there. “to fuck your ass,” Cas repeats Dean's words and no, that is just
Cas levels him with a nonplussed look. Ok, so no nicknames.
There’s no need to panic, absolutely none, but Dean’s pulse spikes nonetheless. He needs to avoid Cas just a moment longer to collect himself, or else he’ll die of a heart attack. How are those eyes so blue?
Shit, he's proud to have caused that.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs, but smiles, lets his hand linger against Cas' shoulder before he slides back to where he was oiling up the casserole dish.
Seriously?
That angel whose blue eyes flutter open as he rubs his nose against the crook of Dean's neck. Who sniffles adorably, takes one look at Dean, smiles, unseen but not unnoticed, against Dean's skin – and closes his eyes again with relish.
Not like anything more happened that night, but Dean remembers being nervous, being a mess of jittery hands and curling heat in his pants, with nowhere to go and no idea of what to do.
“Good night,” Cas tips his head to the two, and when Dean blinks the next time, he's in bed, in an old soft shirt and his boxer briefs.
So he's going to have to tell Cas that he--
Dean reaches up, pulls Cas in by his neck for a kiss entirely meant to transport all of this.
And okay, Dean will admit that he is not unaffected by that once-over. His toes are tingling. But he's not swayed, either, least of all when there's a Pro'aloon at the other end of the bar.
Inside, it’s much like always. Crowded, patrons crammed in, occupying every available seat, booth, pillow on the floor. It’s probably the biggest bar on Tachuan, which means a thing or two. There’s a band on the stage, playing music that Dean would describe as something like swing or jazz, and there’s a few lost souls on the dance floor already. The air is stale, awash with too much body odor of the good and the bad kind, the stink of spilled alcohol and other psychedelic drinks.
Dean unearths a package of dried lentils, some canned tomatoes, leftover celery from Sam's disgusting green smoothies, a wrinkled red bell pepper and a can of kidney beans with a thick layer of dust on top of it. Good thing these kind-of never expire. They put everything on the counter to take it in.
Cas kisses him again, and the cold is gone. The kiss is quick, chaste, a question topped with an eyebrow that only needs to do a little twitch for Dean to hear it, clear as day.
But he's not ready to face the roadhouse. Maybe start small, like with Bobby. One person at a time.
Dean takes note of every clattering in the suspension, every wobble in the steering wheel as he drives. Cas lets him, smiles when 'Ramble On' comes blaring through the speakers and Dean sings along, knowing every word of it.
Dean just laughs. It just breaks out of him, a deep, roaring laughter, from the pit of his stomach. “I'm sorry, Cas,” he wheezes. “I swear, I'm not playing with your feelings here.”
And Dean can take all the time he wants.
And how should he know if Dean doesn't tell him. “You, um,” he stumbles, his voice rough from a night of sleeping and not talking and all, “You can pinch them just a bit more, if you'd--” and that's it, Cas' thumb and index finger tighten
Tapping his index finger to his chin repeatedly, Crowley looks off screen for a moment. “Good question. I might have a job for you, if you’re willing to… kick it up a notch, from what you’ve been doing so far.”
He's not so sure about what he's feeling.
“What do you want to do?” Cas replies.
“You and he...?” Dean points at Ellen, at her hand, at Bobby, doesn't know where to look first. He knew they always were close, even if they were married to other people during their lifetime.
When they're done, they sit back against the headboard and slurp their coffee.
Dean buries his face in Cas' chest, and his erection has long since flagged. It's okay.
Sucks that a person can only ignore the dude they wake up next to for so long.
“Think it through,” Dean emphasizes every word, nudges him with his hand at Cas' back.
Just looking at them makes Dean grin. It's great to see Charlie happy. She clearly basks in Jo's attention.
Sam draws his gun, safety on, and taps her shoulder with it. Her face is the pinnacle of innocence when she pops back up, but then she falls into an easy grin. “Couldn’t resist.” She shrugs. “Sorry.”
He looks out into the hallway, and something is off, so he points at the door across the hall that definitely was not there last time he checked.
It's a thought he may need to get used to.
But something is off, something bothers him, still.
Dean grins. “So can I see it?”
Booth three is the biggest, the one in the corner, that seats eight people, ten if they squeeze in. And the way the place is packed today, there's twelve in there.
Last time: Dean and Sam visit the destroyed Earth, learn that the bomb was dropped because Terrans stole the plans for hyperspace travel, and apparently, it was Mary who did.
“I’m worried, you know,” he says instead, “Dean and this guy, Castiel. They should have been back hours ago. I’m going to have to find a way to call Bobby if they don’t show up soon.”
But what does Cas want?
Dean goes fishing, early the next morning, to have some alone time, to clear his head. He feels like he needs it.
a damn hickey, so what.
feelings for you for years.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Crowley looks down his nose at him, as much as that is possible over the screen. “Half of it up front, half when I’ve made sure you’ve got everything I need.”
Which, oh, is not a good idea. Cas wears his shirt and tight jeans and Dean realizes that after years of being used to Cas in a trench, he never quite saw what that ass looked like.
His fingers have learned all about how Dean likes his balls handled, at this point, and he puts this knowledge to good use. Cradles, tugs, rolls them in his palm.
Oh, the implication. The meaning. The resolve.
Dean, halfway on his way to being properly drunk, gives her a gummy smile. “I'll take you up on that offer, though Baby's back seat would've been enough for me.”
Charlie smiles. “That's sweet, but no. This is something she needs to see for herself.”
So obviously I didn't answer anyone's guess as to which character will join us now but you'll find out within the first two sentences ;-)
Dean's head drops into the pillows, feeling almost dizzy because – well, it's not the first time Cas manhandles him like he's not a grown-ass man of six foot one and 180 pounds. And it's not the first time Dean finds himself acutely and very aroused at that display of power.
He's transfixed by the look of Cas taking him into his mouth, greedy, lips closing around him, cheeks hallowing, and what he lacks in technique he makes up for with enthusiasm. So what if it's a bit too wet and a bit too fast and – oh--
Dean puts his coffee aside, too. “Fine. You got me.”
Yeah, Dean can do that.
A shiver runs down his body, even though he put on some underwear after a very cozy night of sleeping naked in bed with Cas – and he made Cas put on his boxers, too, to “stop distracting me!” - which he's regretting now, but still. The boxers are way too wide and hide all of Cas' beautiful butt. Maybe he can get him to wear boxer briefs or something.
And I hope you liked my Ellen, Jo and Charlie. They'll get more screentime soon!
The smirk is still there as Dean gets dressed, careful to put on a bit of a show for Cas, stretching his back as he slips into the t-shirt, rolling his shoulders, bending down for his jeans.
Relief like he rarely experienced washes through Dean like a wave. “Didn't learn that from the pizza man?” he teases.
There's no need to talk, and for the longest time, they just don't.
When Sam apparently determined Dean's caffeine intake to be sufficient, he clears his throat. Dean knows him too well to not realize that whatever comes now, it has been irking Sam for the longest time.
Really, sliding off the couch and kneeling in front of Cas is only so Dean can take a proper look at him.
Cas grins back. He doesn't break eye contact with Dean when he says, earnest and with his heart on his tongue, words chosen carefully, “I don't regret any of it. I never thought I could have this, with you, and if this is the path that leads us to this, I'd do it all the same, again.”
And yet, Dean feels it, deep in his bones.
Dean looks up at the clear blue sky and takes a deep breath. “I should get back to work.”
They eat pasta that Cas brought from a small restaurant in Italy, sitting on the trunk of the car, staring out the open garage. Dean has a million and one teasing comments ready on the tip of his tongue, about Cas' kink for him as a mechanic, but he doesn't say anything. Cas keeps stealing glances when he thinks Dean isn't looking, and it makes Dean both proud and a bit nervous.
Mary quirks an eyebrow at him, “Are you seriously telling me that you do?”
The implication of it sits deeper than the joke ever could hit. Dean clears his throat, touched, embarrassed. He thumbs the empty spot on his left ring finger. Yeah, maybe. Maybe one day.
He always knew he'd die hunting.
Dean nods, his head heavy. “Of course. And that was, in more ways than one, rock bottom.”
“Nevermind,” Dean grumbles, tries to get his ducks back in a row. “Sit down, you two, first batch will be right up. Cas, coffee?”
Dean snaps, “Really? What made you think—”
Maybe it is presumptuous and too early and too much, but when Cas is not looking, he gets two plain silver rings with white inlays, plain and beautiful and a red bandana to justify the fact that he goes to pay for something after Cas has already bought something.
“Can I move?”
“I hate myself,” Dean retorts, swallows his spit to keep the contents of his own stomach down.
“It's just what happens, right,” Dean shakes his head. “No, I guess you're right. I really don't miss nearly dying three times a week. Or see my brother and my friends hurt.”
“So, can I ask – are you okay with it? I mean, you were very much into the ladies back then. I don't think I'm going out on a limb here if I assume you had some trouble adjusting.”
Jimmy tilts his head side-to-side, pondering. “I do remember him rebelling for you.”
Cas has always been... well, Cas. And Dean has known Cas, inside and out, even before they got to heaven. Sure, they had their fights and their misunderstandings, but a few things were always a given.
No matter what happens today, it doesn't change them, doesn't change who they are to each other. That, Dean is sure of.
And Dean does feel a lot, hugging Cas. He rests his head at Cas' shoulder and feels his heart hammering away in his chest. He smells fresh air, wet grass after a summer rain, and the generic laundry detergent of Cas' coat and his fingertips itch with the need to touch. He feels Cas' hands at his spine, pulling him closer, he feels the stubble of Cas' beard against his own. It's only weird until Dean reminds himself it's Cas. The guy that literally followed him to hell and back.
And finally, between all the discoveries of the bedroom kind that he made with Cas over the past days, between having lunch with family and friends, between nights at the Roadhouse – between all of that filling his life here with more than enough to do, he finally realized something.
When he wakes up, there's no alarm, no one breaking into his room. But there's no gun under his pillow, either, which, not so ironically, is the more disturbing part of this morning.
him. Probably
Mary picks up on the second ring. “Dean?” She sounds happy and surprised and it's the second time that day that Dean can breathe a little more freely.
Cas looks at him, seems to wait for something, seems to expect something.
Yet, he takes his sweet time torturing Cas, building it up, drawing the moment out. Running his lips along the length, two layers separating them still, his hands on Cas' hips, pulling the fabric of his pants tight. Cas moans above him from the tease and extra friction, a sweet whimper more than a sigh following it, and Dean wishes he could tell him.
The whispers.
With a tilt of his head and no idea what to say, Dean gives him an inquiring look.
Booth three empties some time around 2 a.m. and Bobby is the one who hogs it and waves the younger hunters over to him and Rufus. Since the bar is in good hands, Ellen sits down with them, pulls herself an extra chair up.
They get pizza for dinner and spend the evening in the hot tub, just soaking away the stress of the day in the pale light of the half moon and the stars.
“Oh, she is and you know it.” Castiel pushes past Dean and right into the guard’s personal space, staring them down with an expression that has Dean swallow around a lump in his throat. There’s an icy blue fire in his eyes that makes something inside of Dean wobble, and that look isn’t even aimed at him.
Now that hunting isn't in his life any more, it's not only the purpose of it, that's missing. Hunting was part of what defined Dean as a person. It was part of what defined his relationship with his brother. Sam and Cas and he, they bonded over cases, over saving each other's lifes, overcoming a pickle when they got into one. Now, that whole point is gone. Sure, they can rehash stories, tell them so they don't forget them.
And when Cas gets up and declares that he's done for the day, Dean suggests trying the hot tub after all his hard work.
The road takes them through forests and green plains, and they enjoy the sight as much as they enjoy each other's company, shooting the shit like in the old days, mock-arguing about the music, about Dean's driving, about eating nachos while driving. Sam discovers how to summon a cup of coffee. Just to spite Dean, he also gets himself a burrito.
Then he promptly turns around, finds the metal toilet in their prison cell and hurls into it. Which has nothing to do with Castiel’s dick and everything to do with having his brain electrocuted earlier.
No, but, he can
It's when Cas smiles at him as Dean puts some frilly, foamy cocktail in front of him, that an idea strikes him.
Sam snorts, coughs. “Trust me, you don’t wanna know.”
Yes, he's seen Cas naked. Most recently, in the shower, yesterday. He's seen him shirtless, a couple times. But he never allowed himself to look.
Dean chuckles.
Maybe, maybe, probably.
But when Dean and Cas step through the door, Jo is fiddling with the consoles – today, it's a Wii, Dean knows that much – Charlie prepares what looks like instruments made out of plastic with colorful buttons, and Ash digs through a box of batteries.
Dean hums, nods his head. He's tired, the good kind of exhausted, the point where it's still too good to go home. “I love this, so thanks for having me. And I get it, I wouldn't wanna do it with my Dad.” There's some residual Tequila in the shot glass, and Dean tries to empty it, futilely. “He's going to see Cas again, this Sunday, first time since I told him about us.”
It still feels unreal. And every single word of the song just hammers it home.
“I saw Mary Winchester. The tape was old, but I got my hands on some couple thousand Terabytes of security footage, from the Chanhyun spaceport. So I ran a script over it.”
Dean lets Cas talk about their garden and his bee colony including all the intricacies of bee keeping, Dean tells her about their hot tub – not what they've done in it, obviously - and how perfect the lake is to relax and go fishing, and he promises to invite her over for pie soon.
Leaning back in the gunner's seat, Sam sighs. "Just tell me when to come down."
He lets his mind wander, because he can.
Cas wraps his arm around Dean's waist in return. “You're welcome.”
Cas looks at him, open and direct, leaning back against the hood of the Impala, next to him. Their hips are touching. Dean doesn't mind one bit.
He hears it, the way Cas' voice broke. His heart thumps hard against his ribcage, thinking about his answer. The truth was the only thing he could say, as overwhelmed with everything as he was. And then--
Castiel swallows, the move a quick, hard jab of his Adam’s apple.
Wordlessly, Dean goes to stand beside Cas, tips his hip against the bench as he puts his arm around his shoulders. It's an easy enough gesture.
“Oh my god, I totally felt up Jimmy,” Dean groans, covering his eyes with the back of his hand.
“And you’re deaf, right? Is that from the bomb too?” Sam inquires.
Dean lets his eyes wander, from Cas' gloriously naked chest up to his eyes. He knows he can't say 'I still can't believe how I deserve this. Deserve you.' because Jack forbid, if he pulls that again, Cas will rip him a new one, like he almost did the first time.
Dean still kisses Cas, hungry, unrelenting, as he works his pants open, gasping into his mouth when he finds Cas' hard cock underneath. He doesn't touch him, slips his hands under the waistband and pulls his work pants down, doesn't stop to let Cas step out of them. Tugging at Cas' shirt is an easy choice, they know they both need a shower anyway. Cas groans, maybe a bit impatient, but mostly frustrated. His hands are curling into Dean's plaid overshirt, trying to get it off.
For once, Dean has time to look. Time to enjoy the road, enjoy the scenery, flat plains and the mountains rising in the distance, beautiful. He taps his fingers against the interior, elbow hanging out the open window. He enjoys watching Cas, driving, no hesitation as he taps the breaks, the wheel gliding along his deft fingers. His eyes are drawn tight with focus, a hint of a frown between them, lips closed but oh so tempting.
to see his mom and dad again.
Maybe he could invite his Dad to go fishing some time, he thinks. Maybe he should take Jack, again, sometime, too.
Jo's eyes flit over to Cas when she comes back up with a huge box full of shot glasses.
The truth is, part of him hoped that Cas would cut the red tape. All he does, though, is be so understanding and respectful. Never pushing Dean, not in these matters.
The world — Terra, as it was known — ended on November 2nd, 1983.
So Cas gets those, and they layer up the lasagna together. Noodle sheets, red sauce, white sauce, noodle sheets. Dean tops it off with a mountain of cheese, grated into buttery soft flakes, and puts it in the oven.
Dean swallows around the lump in his throat. Yeah, Bobby has always been there, whenever they needed him.
going on out there, he tells me he made a deal, with the Empty, to take him once he experiences true happiness.”
Mary's wistful smile turns into a lopsided smirk. “So you finally--”
When they reach a familiar corner of their literal neck of the woods, Dean smiles as Sam says, “Hey, I think we're here.”
Dean drives, and when he eventually decides to head back, he stops in the middle of the turning maneuver. Puts the car in park and gets out.
Sam eyes go wide with surprise. “Oh wow. Did you even miss me?” he teases.
“We fled to this planet for a reason. It’s far away from any usual travel routes. Away from Akkareans. We don’t want trouble.”
Cas has a secretive little smile on his lips when Dean meets his eyes, so he was probably sensing Jack. It's not like it matters, Dean is happy to see him, is grateful for everything he did, so he gets up and hugs the living daylights out of him.
To Charlie's credit, she keeps their deal.
“We could get some for you, so you have your own,” Dean shrugs, deliberately not thinking about Cas in his shirt, this morning, which –
an angel. So he'll be in heaven, once you get there.”
There's a frown exchanged between them, and then Cas and Dean hurry over into the war room, aprons and all.
Nodding and nibbling his lip, Cas retreats. “You probably have a point.”
Cas laughs, a low rumbling in his chest. “Maybe. Something like that.”
The thing is, that's the exact way Dean can see that happening. With a persistent grin, he washes his hair, enjoys the warm water pounding on his shoulders, and gets back out.
“Yeah.”
“So, vamp, huh?” Ash chuckles.
Dean pulls into Bobby’s backyard, a huge turf field, with about an inch or two left to spare between what looks like the remains of an Akkarean dropship and a pile of heat shield tiles, but hell if he can’t get his ship in that gap.
“What do we have?” Cas asks, and together, they raid the pantry for any ingredients that can go into a casserole and should end up in the vague vicinity of lasagna.
“Fine, I'm a
Dean is not afraid.
It's not sexy, and Dean chuckles, because it's not the point to be sexy. It's just practice. Cas gets his shirt off and his moves are quick and perfunctory. No teasing touches in-between and oh, they have so much to learn, both of them. Dean loses his pants, Cas shoves them down with his underwear in one go.
Becky huffs in disappointment. “Just saying, we might have to interfere. If he's getting in over his head again and ruins this...”
Cas frowns. “Technically, it's not anything less just because we didn't have penetrative sex, Dean.”
Sam groans. “And there goes that moment.”
So he does the only thing he knows how to do.
Cas looks at him, blue eyes shining, pupils wide, nostrils flaring from holding back. Dean pushes down, only to see Cas' face convulsing with pleasure, with want, and knowing that he's the reason for it makes it even better. He has to stop and hold himself back an inch later. The shape of his cock is much easier than two fingers, which are not an ergonomic shape, sort of.
The warmth is still curling in his insides, bubbling just under the surface.
Donna stares at him, as if the words don't process right in her head. “What? No,” she eventually shakes her head, irritated. “God, no. Jody's straight. Me too, for that matter. Why you asking?”
“Charlie?” he says, surprised.
She still doesn’t react.
“That's what you got Cas for,” Sam snarks.
Flopping down onto one of the rickety old lawn chairs, ugly and once-white and not-quite comfy, Dean sighs. “I never thought I’d see the day.”
He goes all out — they’ll get a new fuel cell today, and they are going to replenish their water supply before they head out towards Geuse, so he doesn’t need to be stingy with either. A hot shower dissipates the remaining aches and relieves the tension that all the sex couldn’t — or that it’s created. Dean is sore in places he didn’t know he could be sore in. It’s
It's quiet, between them, the comfortable kind. Cas doesn't press, and Dean wallows in this feeling of normalcy. They drink, and toast again. Sam is missing, obviously, but there will be time for that. They have time, now.
Dean and Castiel have been gone for two hours and Sam is shoveling the remains of a rice bowl into his mouth when the surveillance scanner pings.
And then he notices the beard.
Wordlessly, Cas cleans up around him, but once again, the silence is heavy between them.
He is so turned on it's not even funny any more.
Last time: Cas drives Baby, a corny Wild West date, and a kiss.
“You know, organizing a few LARPing events here and there, but mostly I've been hanging out and enjoying the fact that I can play through a whole night without repercussions. I finally get to play all the games in my Steam library! Do you have any idea how many I bought at the sales events and never got around to actually downloading because – well, work and hunting and having a life.”
The silence stretches as they look out into the salvage yard, as Dean takes a good look at Baby, thinks about his dad buying her when spaceships for common folks weren’t all that common yet, thinks about his mom on the navigator’s seat — Sam’s, now, by default.
Not with the way that there’s no immediate need to attend to his morning wood in an early morning shower. They went to bed way earlier than Dean expected, and with his sleep habits being what they were — not all that healthy, if he’s being honest with himself — he was already up before Cas. And he’s rested, feeling well. “You?”
He manages to lift his head far enough to see that no major parts are damaged, at least not as far as the sensors tell him, but something is wrong with the electronics, connections flickering, the voltage of the power lines inconsistent. The main reactor is dead, on standby, still cooling but not generating energy. The backup generator is only meant for sub-light speed, so they won’t get far with just that, especially since its fuel cell doesn’t hold the capacity.
This chapter will kick off the plot. I'm so excited to share this with you because from now on, this will be a
Oh, that twinge in his gut is delicious.
Dean rests his elbow on the backrest as he turns, finds blue eyes with an amused spark. Cas tilts his head, up the road. Dean nods.
Dean swears his mind is mostly out of the gutter by the time he picks his brother up.
“You know it's true,” Cas almost sing-songs, the fucker.
“I’ll send you coordinates and a date. Be there or be square. Toodles!”
Even if that means he ends up straddling Cas' lap on the couch, knees on either side of him. It gives him leverage though, to push Cas back against the backrest and kiss him nice and thorough until they're both boneless with it.
Three beers, five hours, a quick medical check on his ribs — turning a dark purple at this point, but Eileen agrees with Dean that none are broken — and a toilet break later, Sam finds Eileen gone from the common room next to the kitchen.
Cas clears his throat. “So, it's very hard to find a suitable gift for you, and instead, I thought I'd take you somewhere special. I hope you enjoy this.”
Dean snorts. “No. But. First guy. And definitely the first one as special as this car.”
“I know. But we know nothing, except that she passed through Chanhyun eighteen years ago.”
“Okay, fine, yes,” Dean rolls his eyes, Cas can't see it anyway in the dim light of their bedroom. “But what are we doing about this now?” He grumbles, tries to take the edge off by creating more pressure with his hips, tries to align their cocks so he can get a bit of friction from Cas', too. In the motion, Dean rolls almost entirely on top of him to gain leverage, and Cas lets him.
At least they don't have to deal with pee breaks and morning breath, because Dean would not have the patience for that, now.
Cas shrugs with his shoulders only, hands at Dean's waistband again, thumbs under his shirt. He doesn't hesitate to answer, “As do you,” with a smile equally as smug as Dean's, and damn attractive, too.
Then he reaches into his pocket, grabs the car keys, and with a quick, “Hey, heads up,” throws them in a high bow over to Cas, who fishes them out of the air.
he'd enjoy it.
That's a wrap, folks.
Dean blinks, then mumbles under his breath, “You gotta be kidding me.”
Cas' hands on him are slow and gentle, taking their time, and Dean closes his eyes, enjoys every second, ever tap of a finger, every scratch of a fingernail.
“I know,” Dean says, ogling Cas as he drops his frayed denim overshirt in the increasingly hot morning sun. He watches those shoulders roll back, shrug off that shirt, watches muscles work across a broad back and thinks,
“Yes, mom,” Charlie teases, and Dean wordlessly goes to give Ellen a big hug before setting the table.
Dean doesn't look at the door when it opens, once again. What he notices, however, is the utter silence falling over the room at once.
His stomach is in knots, his hands are sweaty.
have a place?” Dean asks, on a whim, simply curious. “Where do you stay?”
Cas kisses a line along Dean's upper shoulder, down his neck, to his ear, to his jaw.
The pillow’s going to smell like him.
Cas huffs, rolls his eyes. Dean has to suppress a smile, recognizing where he picked that up. “However you'd like to call it. We've got nothing but time, and I don't plan on rushing.”
So Dean does, feels proud that he can do so.
Which is weird, in a good way.
They fall into the bed, Cas' hands around Dean's neck. Dean's lips on Cas'.
He makes himself aware of every part of Cas above him, from his hairy legs, one between Dean's knees, up to sharp hipbones and a toned stomach and chest, lining up with his own body from neck to toe.
Sam looks at him, perplexed. “Yeah, sorry, I know we stayed a bit too long on those pesky--” he shudders, overly dramatical, “feelings.”
'You did it, all of it, for love.'
Dean grins, ear to ear, as he rounds the bar and faces the door, opening his arms wide.
But he wants to see them. Whoever is in there because it sounds
“People, Cas. All the time I've spent here, I've depended on other people to keep me entertained. Isn't that out of the frying pan and into the fire? Isn't that, I dunno, unhealthy? Like Sam and me, not able to live without each other?”
His lips are redder than normal, like he bit down on them, Dean notices. He can't stop staring at them. To distract himself, he leans in to go for Cas' neck again. That's safe, that's what he has allowed himself to do for now. Also, Cas facing him means lots and lots more naked skin to explore on his back.
Dean gets in the car.
Breathe, he needs to breathe, and yet, everything Cas does is giving him heart palpitations and his dick has been on edge for the past hour or so.
“Bad news,” she screws up her face. “The hyperspace converter
“If she’s out there—” Sam says, shakes his head, lips pinched. “We gotta.”
Let me know what you think :D
It never feels the same. There’s a lurch in the space-time-continuum; the ship bounces in-between dimensions, slips past, half-matter, half-fragments, and when they reappear, it feels like being spit out of a rollercoaster and hitting a wall. Dean gets thrown into his own seatbelt and winces.
“Nah, don't be. You think I never tasted my own?” Dean laughs and kisses him, then realizes. The filthiest of kisses, really, but Dean admits he has a thing for it. Eating a girl out, have her taste herself on his lips afterwards, he's been prone to do that. “Sorry, um. Can I kiss you? This alright?” he asks as an afterthought.
Dean can't stop grinning.
Cas rides his thigh, meets him halfway the way Dean met his kiss just moments earlier.
“I’d love some.” Careful, calm words, like Cas is dealing with a spooked animal.
“You know,” Dean starts, finds his throat parched and dry, so he summons his cooler box and pulls out two beers. After handing one to Cas and taking a sip of his own, he starts anew. “You know, one time, I actually talked to Sam about retiring.”
It's like nothing happened.
The sign she makes is not ASL, but Dean gets it. One thumb and index finger forming an O, the index finger of the other hand going through, back and forth. She grins a wicked grin to go along with the lewd gesture, too. Dean throws his head back with a surprised, roaring laugh and honest joy. “Kinda,” he wheezes.
And what is it with people complimenting him today. Dean's poor heart can't take it.
“Okay,” Jo nods. “Good talk.”
Last time: Eileen arrives in heaven, but Sam is a no-show. Dean works his first shift at the Roadhouse and flirts shamelessly with Cas.
Dean huffs. “Okay. Stay safe, Cas.” He knows Cas will hear him. He also knows it's pointless, since they're in heaven, and everything is safe. He knows it's only a sentiment.
“Cas, no, you don't need to—”
Cas' fingers tighten around his, a quiet reassurance that they are okay.
Dean swallows.
“Yeah, maybe, whatever,” Dean empties his beer, puts the bottle aside. “All I know at this point, and Cas knows it too, is, well. When he told me that he, um, that he--”
Dean throws in, explaining, “Heaven works the way you need it to. Your heaven, either one of yours, wouldn't have been complete without the other in it. Poetic, ain't it?”
Cas' tongue in his mouth.
A flutter of wings.
Cas does what Dean likes to do to him, then, and of course he did that because he likes it so – it really comes full circle, here, when Cas puts his lips, slack, around the head of his dick to tease him, loose touch so fleeting, so delicate and yet making pleasure shoot through Dean's veins at every feather-light touch of his lips.
Cas blinks, Dean shrugs, looks at Sam as he starts the car.
An enigmatic little smile works its way onto Cas' lips. “No, you did not come on too strong. I've thoroughly enjoyed what we did. I wasn't irritated so much as – well, no, I
His every footstep vibrates in Dean's chest. He has no idea what to expect.
That, on the other hand, makes his throat close around a heavy lump. “I can only imagine how hard that was.”
“Oh,” Cas sighs. “Right.”
Other people will write better fix-its, but this is mine. Thanks for joining me on this ride, thanks for enduring whatever this was. This is my longest fic ever. This has been near and dear to my heart, as a pansexual person, as a fan of the show for most of a decade. As someone who needs peace now that it's done, as someone who thinks Dean Winchester and Castiel deserved better. But I refuse to put an 'end' under this, because Dean and Cas will spend eternity together in heaven, and that's canon.
“Doesn't taste like molecules any more?” Dean snickers.
Dean sings along with Brian Johnson all the way to the Roadhouse.
“Nothing, I, um,” Dean clears his throat. “Realized something. I guess.”
Dean snuffles in his sleep, barely having noticed that he's naked and in bed instead of dressed and on the sofa. All he notices is Cas' arm around him, so he slots into the curve of his body, pulls his arm tighter around himself.
And the last part is the nagging doubt if this is really the heaven he deserves.
“Oh.” Sam swallows.
This chapter was a hard one. I brooded over it a lot, because I wanted to get it right. I hope I got Dean right, because - well, he's an idiot and repressed to perfection, but I think I'll shut up now and let him take over.
It's weird. Maybe because as long as Dean can think, he and Sam have always been together. The few times they weren't for a prolonged period of time are standing out like a sore thumb.
Dean can count the times that Cas felt embarrassed and showed it on one hand. He's so tense, too, jumpy almost.
Dean smiles, leans his head against Cas' shoulder, feels Cas tilt his head against his. “Of course. What would you've done, though?”
Amara nods, holds out her hand, and as they touch, they start to fade.
He's not even half bad at 'Man in the Box' on medium, with the guitar. Dean gets why this game might be fun.
He blinks awake into the twilight of the early morning sun glimpsing into their bedroom.
Dean swallows, that lump in his throat making a reprise. “What do you think Dad is going to say?”
It's not like he decides to do it consciously. It just happens, as a way of a goodbye, as easy as breathing. One of the things you just do when you're... with somebody. The flare lighting Dean's insides on fire and making his heart skip is a whole other thing entirely, though.
Dean thinks about Cas defying orders, Cas rebelling, Cas breaking through mind-control, Cas flipping the table on all of heaven's plans – for, well, him. And Sam, and Jack, and the whole world. But mostly him. Each and every time.
Dean turns, looks at the living room situation. “How about we change the rooms, make this the living room? We could use that wall for a bigger TV, instead of the small one in the corner there. And instead, have the kitchen there.”
She turns towards the bar.
Cas looks down at his plate and, like Dean did at breakfast, hooks his ankle around Dean's under the table.
The moment he hits the antigrav switch, Baby dips down with the full gravity of Betelgeuse III pulling at her chassis, one-and-a-third times as much as the Earth’s was. It’s not that noticeable, not if you’re used to it. But it’s the reason why first-generation Terrans born here grow up to be shorter, stockier.
And there's a grade-A bitchface staring right at him.
Dean doesn't move his hand.
He looks at the light marble counter tops, at the stove, the ceramic sink under the window. The dinner table fits easily within the open span of the room, towards the living room. It's nice, it fits, it's cozy, yet open enough to not feel cramped.
He allows himself to do just that, right now.
Dean acutely remembers that one girl that had given him a cheeky wink before pulling off of his dick, holding his eyes all through sucking two of her fingers into her mouth before she leaned down, got his knee over her shoulder and his ass closer to the edge of the sofa, and leaned behind his balls to lick him open, with a little help from her index finger.
Not that he isn't used to Cas stealing glances at him, because he always has, ever since Dean has met him.
Dean hums, remembers John's words, that evening, in the bunker.
“So what does it mean? That someone's on their way?” Dean grabs a tumbler glass, pours a finger of whiskey for himself.
“Yeah,” he nods, and Cas has to grab him around the shoulders to get him up the stairs.
Voltage fluctuation or a collision trigger a backup system that materializes a ship instantly.
Cas looks puzzled, adorably so. “That's what I wanted to ask.”
He feels it before he realizes. Soft fingertips are blindly searching for his in the semi-darkness, trailing along his palm, not quite sure how to do this.
Cas is hard in his boxers, too, and they line up perfectly against each other.
John looks between all of them, seems like he doesn't know where to start. “So this is... recent?”
And that Dean wouldn't let him because he's not ready and that he understood.
Cas' eyes turn wide as he puts together what this means, and he suddenly starts to chuckle. “I see. So I wouldn't have needed to question whether you wanted to get married or not. It was your plan all along.”
A naked humanoid in his bed. Nothing to see here, folks, carry on.
He'll get there.
It still feels like a long shot, even if he narrows it down to only doing this to find their mom.
“Okay,” Cas stares at him, before averting his eyes – looking defeated, for now, but also hopeful. “But don't get me wrong, I'm not bothered by the sex, of course not.”
Sam turns around then to say, “And Cas, remember to keep your angel blade at hand, for protection.”
Dean wants to kiss him. Has wanted to kiss him for way too often now. Should he?
There's an extra set of cutlery on the table. He hadn't counted how many knifes and forks Mary had handed him, but now that they're seated, it's obvious.
“Listen, I'm sorry,” Chuck takes a slow step towards them.
The breakfast bar turns out to be a flop, though, because sitting on bar stools, facing in the same direction, makes playing footsie under the table kind of impossible. So without any explanation, Dean replaces it with a tiny table at the front end of the kitchen island and hooks his foot into Cas'.
Dean laughs, tips their hips from side to side, falling into a rhythm to the song playing on the radio. “Gesundheit?”
She chuckles, waves for him to take a seat. “A lot. What do you mean?”
Not that he will have the luxury of getting used to this. They are less than two hours out; Sam will be worried by now.
“How are you?” Cas asks, in the cozy warmth of Dean’s bed, Dean’s cabin, all soft vowels and hidden smiles. It
They share a look, and Dean lets his smile become sultry and his eyelids drop to half-mast. “Take ya home, babe?”
Only the need to kiss him.
“And that's why you love me.”
“Let me try something,” he says.
“Yeah. Not much else a Terran gets hired for anyway, right?”
Groaning, pushing down and forward, to feel Cas against him, rock hard and leaking pre-come. Dean's vision is blurry with pleasure. Deeming one hand on the headboard enough to keep him upright, he reaches down, curls his fingers around Cas' dick.
Now, Sam is at the bar, chatting with Kevin and Charlie, and Jo bustles around the sink across the counter. Dean watches them. He'll be here tomorrow night, anyway. No need to help out today.
And with a roar, the bar is back to life, people welcoming and chatting with Donna, beloved long-standing Sheriff of Stillwater, Minnesota. Which explains a lot of the faces Dean hasn't seen ever, probably because they're not even hunters, but civilians that have never been to the Roadhouse.
However, there's all the things he learned about Cas in the meantime. That he gets flustered when Dean puts him with his back against a wall. The has a soft spot for pickles, that he sleeps on his side, that given the chance he will curl into Dean in his sleep, that his bedhead in the mornings is glorious, that he will drink coffee because he likes it but will eat eggs only to humor Dean. That he gets turned on seeing Dean with motor oil all over his face, wearing old work clothes.
It drops like a sucker punch into Dean's gut, twists his stomach like one would a wet towel.
the panic. Full-fledged, crushing his ribcage, his ears drowning in static. What is he doing here?
Cas is
freak Dean out, shouldn’t it? There’s a rule Dean set up for himself, to not bring anyone in here, or only if he knows they will be gone by the end of the night. He should have a
But he's drunk and tired, that blissful state where you can't move, right before the bed starts to spin. He doesn't
Dean grabs his hand, entwines their fingers, and pulls Cas towards their bedroom. They stop in front of the bed, and Cas looks at Dean for an explanation.
“Casework. Whatever gets the job done,” Dean brushes it off.
So he doesn't waste time, walks up to the bar, hooks his arm around Cas' middle on his way past and places a kiss on his neck. “Hey, fancy meeting you here,” he winks at Cas' surprised look, blue eyes blown wide, and follows the stupid pick-up line up with another kiss to Cas' cheek. “Sorry, sweetheart, gotta hustle.”
“Would you like to watch a movie?” Cas suggests after a minute.
Dean thinks it's weird, but then Jo's eyes flicker to a place behind him, over his shoulder, turn wide when she tracks the person walking up. Before Dean notices what happens, she's around the bar and hugging the living hell out of Charlie.
Resting her chin on Jo's shoulder, Charlie just grins.
He remembers himself, in his 20s, full of himself, too proud to ask for help or work with other hunters, remembers Ellen giving him a piece of her mind. Arguing with Sam, all the damn time.
“Hey, Sam,” she says, and there’s that smile that lights up an entire room.
There's something he's been wondering.
“Oh?” And Dean swallows around the lump in his throat, because that is early.
Dean guides Cas' fingers, wraps them tight around the head, and starts a rhythm.
Then again, he'd rather have it with his Mom alone than with Dad's inquiring, intense gaze on him.
It never happened to them before, and though Dean is an experienced pilot who’s had his fair share of emergencies to handle, it hits him completely out of left field.
Cas tilts his head, knowing exactly what Dean did there.
Dean gets up, rolls to his feet. “I like this. I little rugged, a little worn. Cozy.”
Cas' fingers are drawing figure-eights and Dean humps against him, the steady motion grounding him, keeping him from getting lost in his head.
Cas pops off his cock, then, cold air on spit-slick skin making Dean look down. “Don't keep your voice down, I want to hear you,” Cas says, and then he sinks back down on Dean and
Sometime during the night, Charlie appears and the booth is now definitely at more than full capacity.
Another eyebrow from Charlie. “You sure? Because if I remember the books, there was quite some flirting going on from your part.”
Five hours later and well into the night, he gives up.
When he pulls back, he finds Cas ruffled, lips kiss-swollen and red, his eyes hazy and his hair a mess.
Dean steps closer, grabs his waist, and pulls him in for a kiss. “See you later, then,” he whispers into Cas' lips.
The Roadhouse is
And yet, hearing it, spoken aloud, in that voice, is like a shiver, a warm mellow kind of feeling, curling in his heart. Sure, they're not the sentimental types, never will be. But to know and to hear are two different kind of emotions alright.
Something about him is so nondescript and unassuming that it leaves Dean guessing why he took an interest in Dean. Besides the obvious. Dean’s not above knowing how he looks. He uses it to his advantage regularly.
Totally avoidable.
Dean doesn't feel ready to tackle this, but when has he ever felt ready to face his truths. He can admit to the ache he's felt ever since Cas told him, well,
Then again, he's entitled - he didn't get off in the car earlier.
“See, I'm-- what did you call me, your partner. Your boyfriend, your companion. I'm the person you chose to share your heaven with.”
That's a next step he can look forward to.
“Crowley.” Dean nods, all business. “We’ve got what you’re looking for.”
Dean gets it.
“Yeah. When I wasn't sure of your relationship status yet,” Sam snickers, unapologetically. “Now it's free for all.”
The feeling doesn't wear off on him, going where he wants to whenever he wants to, Led Zeppelin blaring from the speakers so loud he can't hear his own voice over it, only the deep purr of the engine following him when he rolls the windows down. It's liberating, it's freedom. It's literal heaven.
Dean opens the door to the Roadhouse with Cas on his heels.
“You think someone—”
That's when Sam plops down next to Cas. He looks beat. “I don't think I've done this much socializing in forever,” he groans, head leaned over the edge of the backrest of the booth.
Slowly, Dean feels himself smile. “Was Kaia with her?”
Last time: plot, what plot? The boys have sex, Dean has a minor revelation, some what-ifs get thrown around, and the boys have more sex.
When nothing happens for a few long seconds, she looks at the camera again, taps both her ears. Holds up her hands to show they are not holding a weapon, but he can see a blaster in her belt.
Dean grins. “Yeah, I can see that. Come on! Hop in, you're giving directions.”
Conversation picks up again at the table, Ash and Kevin are into some hypothetical engineering problem, Jack and Sam were probably in the middle of something before Dean interrupted them, and Cas had listened, as he so often did.
Pamela takes a moment to collect herself. Then she slowly starts to grin. “Well, still, congratulations! And, you know. Offer still stands,” she winks at Cas, who bristles.
“Nah, I think I'm bugging my friends. With you, I feel like I'm hogging you.”
So Sam lets it happen,
Cas' eyes track his forearms.
When he finds Sam, he's with Eileen and Pamela, who apparently jumped tables in the meantime, and Sam gets him in a headlock and drinks shots with him. When Dean wonders, Eileen signs to him that she made sure that he'd keep up his liquids. In other words, Sam is as good as smashed and behaving like a big puppy.
Just that one word, just his name, so soft, a moan around the vowels, desire interwoven in the syllable, and Castiel can’t hide any of it. It doesn’t sound like he’s trying to.
Sam hits the navigation console as red lights flash with a warning signal that instantly grinds Dean’s nerves. He snaps right out of that.
There’s a bruise forming across his ribs, dark blue, starting to swell. Dean winces in sympathy, frowns. He just hopes it’s only a bruise. “May I?” he asks, holds his hands flat out towards Sam’s ribcage.
“Do I really need to spell this out for you, Dean?”
Sam's words still don't connect in his head.
To his disappointment, Cas isn't home when he gets there.
Sam leans his forearms on the roof and nods. “Yeah, and remember Benjamin? Who was sarcastic, but also
He squints at Cas' height, adds a few inches to accommodate his own size, and the kitchen island becomes a tad longer.
And as if this is a challenge, there's
him if she messes with his ship.
Dean flees the room to find his boxer briefs from yesterday in front of the door and his jeans in the hallway behind the airlock. He steps into both on his way to the kitchen. Pancakes, he needs pancakes. Pancakes solve everything. Dean scratches at his belly.
Charlie's eyes dance from Dean to Cas and back, and she catches her lip between her teeth.
He eats about twenty different flavors of pie and crust combinations.
“Talk to your brother, for fuck’s sake,” Bobby had growled at Dean a few nights ago. “You two are more stubborn than mules.”
Surprisingly, this was less weird with the Roadhouse gang, with his found family. Dean rubs both hands over his eyes, feels Cas pull his hand away from his thigh, to curl his arm around Dean's shoulders.
Dean looks up from his bowl reflexively, takes in Cas just casually standing in the doorway.
But he finds himself here without a clue of what to do. Sure, he has a general understanding of how gay people have sex, but that was always so far removed from any of his experiences. That was things others did, never him. It never came up, it was never relevant.
Dean shrugs. Isn't it kind of simple? “Want to live together?”
Goddamnit, this guy will be the end of him, Dean thinks as he wills his too-loud, too-fast-beating heart to pipe the fuck down.
Well. He did say then that he wanted to kiss Dean.
Cas sighs against Dean's lips. “Everything about you is remarkable, Dean, and you deserve the world. And yet, all I can offer is myself.”
With a head shake that is mostly bewilderment, Cas says, “No, of course not. We're fine, obviously.”
“Yeah, that’s what Dean said.”
When he does, his voice is rough, cracking at the edges, concerned.
He feels it, slick, wet heat engulfing his dick, fingers circling the base of it. He feels it when Cas sucks, tentatively, testing it out, how it works, how it feels with a cock stretching his jaw, with
Cas ducks his head, smiles, “You look very attractive all the time.”
Dean closes his eyes, relaxes, listens to the sound of Cas' breathing next to him.
Cas nods.
“I told myself I don't care about his opinion any more. And I don't. Anyway, it's not like the guy's a raging homophobe or anything.”
“Huh. True, I guess.”
When Cas was dead, there was always Sam.
So he collects some of his come with his hand, pushes Cas' underwear down under his balls, and jerks him off right there, Cas standing over him, both hands against the counter, Dean's back against the kitchen cabinet.
Dean uses his left hand to tug at Cas' balls, not painful, just a gentle pull with three fingers, working him over as he does.
“Not much. We left pretty soon after.”
He reaches into his pocket, wishes the pouch into existence that has been residing in his bedside table ever since he got it.
in the tilt of Castiel’s head, in the curl of his lip, in the glint in his eyes. It makes Dean’s stomach tingle. When their eyes lock again, Dean realizes he never stopped staring, and now that he notices, he can’t stop, either.
Dean allows himself to think about it. Given some adjustment time, he will get used to waking up like this every morning. With Cas in his arms, or himself in Cas'. They'd share languid kisses, maybe some morning sex – and it takes Dean a conscious effort to imagine Cas sliding down his body, wrapping his lips around his cock, swallowing him down, Dean's hand in his hair until he comes down the back of his throat.
A smile plays around Cas' lips, and his eyes are crinkling at the corners. “Because humans don't belong in the Empty. Could've worked.”
“Well, is it
He can't let it end that soon, though, so Dean stops, stops Cas' movement with his hand. Taking a painfully shuddering breath, he tilts his head back, eyes pressed shut.
Cas is clearly irritated. “But we both just came?”
Yeah, so Dean's mind almost crumbles at the sheer thought. “Yes?” he chokes out, “Why you asking?”
God, Dean wants to kiss Cas.
Cas chuckles, the tone of disbelief and toe-curling arousal and Dean--
“Sounds very Dean.”
“Can I come with you, next time?” Dean makes himself ask. He feels needy, greedy, not wanting Cas to do anything without him, and guilt rears its ugly head.
When he looks up, Dean finds Cas with his hand thrown over his eyes, biting his bottom lip.
Dean grins. “Sometimes I love you more than my car. But only sometimes. Hi, Jimmy.”
“Cas, I'm not, like,” he begins, drops the ladle he used to stir the sauce onto the counter. “I'm not gay, but—”
They toast, to life and heaven and getting the gang back together, soon.
If he doesn't want to go in there, he doesn't need to, and Cas won't make him.
Yeah, Dean has no idea how to address
Dean hums in agreement and pulls Cas in by his neck, lips meeting with slow and sensual moves. He kind of wants to see how far he can push, how far he can go to show Cas what he meant. They already got a loose, teasing, open-mouthed thing going, all it'd need would be for Dean to deepen that, tilt his head a bit, show Cas how filthy french kissing can be.
To his credit, he doesn't.
He can't help but watch the other guy's Adam's apple bob with a swallow. There's a tinge of red on his cheeks, under the dark stubble, if Dean is not mistaken. "So you are saying you don't 'bat for my team'?" He even does the air quotes — who even does that anymore? What a dork. The familiar term, though, Terran as it is, makes warmth spread in his gut. At least not someone he’ll need to defend his Terran heritage to.
Sam rolls his eyes.
Cas huffs, amused, charmed, charming. Then he nods, but doesn’t make a move to leave. “Goodbye, Dean.”
Dean takes a deep breath, grabs the unopened beers because
Dean nods, thinks about the possibilities. The Roadhouse, most hunters show up at the Roadhouse. “Cas, can you keep a look-out at the Roadhouse?” he asks over his shoulder.
All of a sudden, it's like scales fall from Dean's eyes. He snaps his fingers. “Oh, wait, of course. I bet she's with her husband and son.”
That's when Jimmy freezes, staring at them. At Dean's hand around Cas' shoulder. At Cas' hands, entwined on the table in front of him. The rings, Dean realizes.
“Could’ve happened any time in the last few months if that person wasn’t thorough enough, could’ve been a day ago. Did you make any enemies recently?”
Cas bites his nipple, softly, pushes back in quickly, only to remove himself slowly until just the head remains inside of Dean.
An eyebrow perks up high on Cas' forehead. “Uriel died very soon after that. You and me, we knew each other for barely a few weeks. And he already took note of my... feelings. And you are saying that I'm the idiot?”
Because he does. So he works in the next inch, breathes.
“This planet,” Sam says, teeth gritted.
Shaking her head, Amara smiles. “I'm fairly confident he won't. But if he does, I'm going to – what's the phrase – 'rip him a new one'.”
No, he will not think about sex with Cas once Sam--
Dean has to swallow, a lump forming in his throat.
He wants to do this right, this time. Not jump into bed with Cas immediately and deal with the consequences afterwards. Once burnt and all that.
He hits the gas, pulling into the garage, then, and kills the engine. Neither of them moves, only the center light of the garage creates less dim shadows through the windshield.
Dean smirks and does it again.
Last time: Jimmy stops by the Roadhouse, Dean and Cas have lots of sex on the beach and Sam finally reveals the meaning of the meatman.
The forest isn't eery, surprisingly, for Dean. They've been out in the woods at night for more than one hunt. Best case scenario, they returned home after a job well done with a haphazardly cleaned knife. Worse – not worst - case, they were scratched and banged up pretty bad, at least one of them had a dislocated shoulder, the other one had rope welts at the wrists, and Dean had at least a piece of non-human flesh stuck in his hair. Worst case and woods instantly bring up images of purgatory, always on the run, looking for Cas. Desperate prayers at night. Missing him like missing a limb.
Arms tighten around him as Cas curls into his side, trying to comfort him.
Pulling Dean close as if to kiss him, Cas whispers against Dean's lips, soft and sweet, “Do you want to try that with me?”
“Eileen!” Sam grins at her.
They eat in comfortable silence and it is good, after all. That Dean would see the day his Mom puts something edible on the table that is not PB&J – though Cas would like that – or Winchester surprise.
They skip breakfast to head over to Eileen's.
Cas nods. “Most of them, yes.”
“Yeah.”
Unfortunately, it's over all too soon.
busted, your brother was right. Did he also notice that it
What the hell.
Dean nods again.
Not that he's nervous. He's not.
His hands trail down the center of Cas' chest, eyes following their track down to his jeans, where Dean hesitates for a moment. Then he looks into Cas' baby blues to admit, “At first, I didn't think I could even sleep with you, but it's like, something I can't compartmentalize. I can do sex without loving someone. But it doesn't work, for me, the other way around.”
“And here I thought that was a given.” Sam huffs, but his lips twitch. “After last time, I mean. I don’t need to see
“At least one of us does,” Dean chuckles. “But I know, okay. I'm trying.”
Dean throws his hands up in defeat. “You know, if they'd done that sooner, we wouldn't have had to jump through all these hoops to get Cas back.”
make me happy. Thank you, Dean.”
Cas sighs, probably regretting all of his life choices including following that order to save him from hell.
And Cas looks away.
By the time Dean sits down between Cas and Eileen, Sam is in the middle of rehashing the apocalypse, his soulless return, Eve and purgatory.
They're maintaining their slow frottage, and at this point, it's merely to keep up the arousal, to steady that level of adrenaline and oxytocin in their bodies.
It's unfamiliar to see him like this. But it fits, in Dean's mind. His car, his baby, and the man he loves. “Absolutely.”
Dean entertains the thought of round two for all of two seconds before the cold, harsh light of day and the look in Cas’ eyes makes him toss it as far as he can, back into the depths of his mind where it belongs.
Cas kisses him between bites of tzatziki, gyros, olives and pita bread. Dean tells him all about how to paint a car, about base coats and clear coats and that he's probably going to throw paint all afternoon. Cas talks about sweet maries and how elder bushes are good for bees and that his roses are growing almost faster than the weeds, and Dean listens, basks in his voice, in his presence, in the sheer normalcy of the situation.
Cas tilts his head, avoids Dean's eyes. “Apparently. Would you have done anything different?”
Dean raises his eyebrows. “What’d it look like,” he deadpans. “Or are you fishing for compliments?”
“You can?” Sam teases her.
Holding up her arm, Eileen shows him the freckled, iridescent shimmer of her skin. It’s beautiful, the different shades of blue and green dancing in the low lighting. Sam takes it in, draws in a breath, squints at her. “So you were settlers from Akkarea and left your settlement?”
And as they make their round through the room, they meet Rufus, and Bobby again, and quite a few other hunters Dean has known back in the day. Ash returns for a bottle of Jack, Cas almost runs into Jo who collects empty bottles, and Ellen catches Dean's elbow when he walks past the bar to the bathrooms.
Dean quirks an eyebrow at him. “You saying you want to sweep me off my feet?”
Dean grins against his chest. “Mornin', sunshine.”
Dean looks at the worn, olive green Henley with the buttons undone, one of his favorite shirts. Ok, so he didn't pick an overshirt today because it gets hot in the Roadhouse when you're behind the bar.
“There will always be something to fix if you want it to,” Cas reminds him. “But I don't think I get what your issue is, here.”
Cas' voice is low and even when he answers, “Well, I thought I was going to die. The Empty was pretty clear when the deal was made – it would take me, forever, no second chances, no going back no matter how much I would annoy it.”
The few rusty spots are easily dealt with, cleaned and ground down to bare metal, and the front suspension is back in a driveable state by late morning.
Rubbing his eyes with his free hand, Dean sighs. “He didn't make a scene, did he?”
is all he says, in that voice of his that would make any sexline go bankrupt because Dean would legit cream his pants just hearing that one word, just his name.
That's when Dean really can't ignore the unnerving, continuous
When Ellen leans back and grabs Dean's shoulders, her smile turns into a full-on grin. “So tell me, what was it, who was it? Your first time here, that's important.”
The dim light of the overhead lamp makes her skin glow and her eyes shine and Sam feels something in his chest rearrange itself. Okay.
He gets to a table where Donna and Jody, arms around each other, sit opposite of Sean and Bobby, with Ellen at the third side of the booth. They are laughing about some story Donna is telling over the noise, and Dean flops down next to Donna for a bit, until Pamela takes his place.
Thinking of someone else, in their bed, someone occupying Cas when he is right there, having to watch-- makes a hot streak of jealousy slash right through his poor, currently very gay heart.
Then Jack steps up, cuts shallowly along Cas' Adam's apple. His grace spills out in a wave of blue-white, pulsating energy, and his eyes glow a shining blue, from the inside. Dean realizes it's probably the last time he'll ever see Cas as an angel. So he commits the moment to memory, tries to get every detail right. The little smile on Cas' lips as he gives up his grace for a life with Dean. As he gives up invincibility and immortality, for a chance at freedom and happiness.
With a chuckle, Dean shakes his head. “There is no lucky lady.”
Castiel doesn’t answer, but Dean sees a smile, quickly being hidden behind a huge hand, long fingers, before Castiel looks away.
“Fuck,” he utters, under his breath, panic spiking, and gets the shield up. “Sam, we’re doing an emergency landing. Strap yourself in.”
Holy shit, he just had sex with a guy.
of sex. Cas doesn't seem to mind so Dean doesn't hurry to get cleaned up, either.
And that is exactly why they needed to have this talk.
Cas grins and pulls him into another kiss.
Ten minutes later, he has settled with a folding chair and his fishing rod at the lake, at
Last time: Charlie has a heart-to-heart with Dean, a night out on Tachuan, and a successful pick-up wingmanned by Dean.
Only then does Dean allow himself to lean back and breathe.
So... are you alright? Can I get you some water? How 'bout those 5k words of porn, huh? Hope you enjoyed! Let me know what you liked, scream at me, and also... don't forget, there's plot behind all of this, even though Dean wanted to skip out for a bit. Crowley! Rebellion! Akkarea! Coming up next week. See you then and as always, thanks for reading <3
His Henley and tight jeans hide nothing.
But where it becomes fun is when they tell him about God.
“Some of those people died because of me.” Dean swallows around the lump in his throat.
Cas' eyes go wide. Dean sucks up to the tip, loosely wraps his lips around it, licks at the slit, licks around the ridge, goes back down.
He's looking forward to taking the scenic road there, the old Route 66, through the midwest, in all its old glory, before it got replaced with the Interstate Highways.
who only wanted to
After each round, they change instruments, and Cas is surprisingly good at the drums – until Ash throws in Lamb of God, because of course he does, because he has the microphone – even though seeing an angel of the lord thumping wooden sticks onto a cheap-ass plastic drum set is the epitome of 'this is your life now, Dean Winchester.' He snorts at the thought.
“We had a nice evening,” Dean shoots back, brushes him off with simplicity. “Charlie, too. She’s already penciling in that next date with her conquest.” Deflection is always good.
“Motion sickness pills, for Junior, and there's bags in the glove compartment,” Becky says, handing the white-and-purple package through the open driver's side window. “Have fun, sweeties!”
“Heya, old man.”
Blue eyes shift upwards, meet his, and there's the first twitch of a smile.
And that shouldn’t send butterflies scurrying around in his ribcage, but it does. “Morning, sunshine,” he mutters in reply.
When Cas pulls back, Dean winks, puts his foot against the mattress and flips them over. Cas' eyes go wide as he feels the tilt backwards, and before he can stop him, Dean puts a kiss to the corner of his lips, as close to not-kissing as he dares to go, and proceeds to roll out of bed in one motion. He gets up with a cackle and upon looking over his shoulder, finds Cas lying there, shellshocked.
Cas hums, tilts his head in agreement, eyes locking with Dean's. “There's certainly truth in that.”
As Dean goes to do just that, he spots something from the corner of his eyes.
Cas starts to move again, so, so slow, and Dean's whole body feels on fire, the edge right there, waiting for him to topple over. No, he needs another second. He can't. But it's right there, it's almost too much.
(See the end of the chapter for
Right, he's an idiot.
Dean curls his arm around her shoulders, tucks her against his side. “What's up, Charlie? I feel like I'm missing half the story here.”
Are they doing this?
“If you want to get drunk, you will. If you don't, you won't.”
Crowley, of course, lets them wait for a rhetorical, dramatic pause. “Find Mary Winchester, I thought that had been established. She’s on Akkarea.”
What he will need to do is talk to Sam. All things considered, they don't have much in common at all, if you take hunting out of the equation. Maybe they can establish sharing breakfast or something on a regular basis – then again, Dean enjoys his and Cas' mornings in the kitchen way too much to want to sacrifice that for hanging out with his brother. Dean coughs, something going down the wrong pipe just thinking about this morning. There's nothing quite like distracting Cas from cooking breakfast like dropping to his knees right there, in front of the stove, and sucking him off.
No daylight and garden out back.
“He can't control you,” Amara smiles. “Since you're part angel, part human, you will always exist between the realms. And you're more powerful than he's comfortable with.”
Talk about trippy. Dean can't help but grin from ear to ear.
When Cas' lips turn soft and pliant under Dean's, he knows this won't be done all that soon, so they might as well settle in.
It could still have been a coincidence. Maybe Castiel really was just worried about a medical emergency, and made sure to come as fast as possible. Even with a — strictly speaking — illegal jump.
Because
Dean whistles, impressed. And finally allows himself to touch. Runs his hands all the way from the dimples above Cas' buttocks upwards, along his spine, to his shoulders. So far, same difference in comparison to a girl, but those shoulders - there's no softness. Dean traces Cas' bicep, triceps, up to his elbow and back, over broad, broad shoulders, back to his neck.
Bars, with Sam, were always one of two things: getting drunk, hustling some pool before he was too drunk to do so, or getting drunk and picking up a girl before he was too drunk to do so. Sam either participated or rolled his eyes at him.
Looking down, Dean dares to run them along those thick thighs, goes to the outside and back in when he approaches Cas' hips. He wants to touch, right there, but the way the fabric of Cas' pants bulges over his crotch is almost sinful.
The cell with the huge devil's trap, where the Empty took Cas.
The song is named 'Brother' by some band Cas likes, not Dean's first choice of music, but it fits for what's going on. Of course it does, because this is heaven.
The thought strikes unexpected, like a freight train.
By the time the tables are wiped down and the floor is clean, Sam and Rowena resurface, and Dean can't even be fake-mad at Sam for leaving them with all the work. Sam's hair is a mess and there's a suspicious purple splotch on his neck, but he's grinning. Rowena, of course, looks impeccable as always, if irritatingly smug.
The fatigue takes over some time later, and Dean feels himself sinking into the soft leather seat, slumping against Cas' side. Neither of the others around them looks so hot, either, in fact – Kevin is fast asleep against Ash' shoulder, and Ash sleeps with his head against Kevin's – but neither of them want to go home yet.
He closes his eyes and lets the touch wash over him. There's nothing sexual about it, it's just comfort, as easy as breathing. After what seems like a blissful eternity, Cas rests his hand at Dean's waist and kisses the top of his head.
Cas nods.
That usually gets a reaction out of anyone new they meet, but Eileen just tilts her head and smiles. Then she makes the international sign for 'peace', again, as if to make her point.
Dean pours a drink for her, too, and mixes a tequila sunrise for Cas, who overheard their conversation. “Who do you think?” Dean asks him.
He didn't give it much thought, those past couple of mornings. Of course it was there, on his part, too, but it's not like that's anything special.
Dean kisses Cas under the fireworks at midnight and knows that for once, this year will be his best yet.
“Hi, Castiel,” Charlie waves with a subsequent shit-eating grin at Dean. “How are you?”
Dean breathes. There's that thought again, that he's not worthy to be loved by someone like Castiel, angel of the lord.
Hello everyone!
Dean shrugs. “I get that.”
“How else would we get the info we want?” Sam shrugs at him.
Cas has been at his side through good times and bad times, 'till death do us part.' And concerning that, not even literal deaths could part them.
So easy to peck Cas on the lips once they're both dry. So easy to have Cas step up behind him as he gets clothes from the closet, pressing a kiss to the corner of his lips, his hand trailing along his neck and shoulders. So easy to walk up to a half-dressed Cas, standing on one leg in front of their bed, tipping his chin up and steal another kiss because clearly, they have to make up for lost time.
But he knows exactly what Cas looks like, rolling his eyes, and that mental image makes it all worth it. Dean smirks to himself.
“So, what, story's over? Just like that?” Dean snaps.
Cas hums, grins into his oatmeal with fresh mango and walnuts and cocoa flakes on top. Under the table, his toes tap Dean's.
Don't overthink it, his rational side says.
Dean puts the beers down, into the dirt at his feet. “There's something I meant to do,” he says on the exhale, then closes the space between them.
Dean gestures to the array of parts he salvaged, grinning proudly. “Can't wait to give Baby an update.”
Dean spins on his heel, right in front of the door, and ends up in Cas' space. Not that that's new. He doesn't flinch or retreat, and Cas doesn't either. “Wait, if I don't need to refill the tank-- do I even get drunk here?”
“Wait, so Cas – you haven't been here before?”
Dean nods his head side to side, considers it. “We had our fair share of beating each other up.”
Even though she can't hear neither of these sounds, Eileen taps her fingers on the interior, along the dashboard. “I love this car. I wish we'd have driven it more, but Sam kept it like a treasure.”
It feels like the temperature in their spaceship just dropped about ten degrees. Dean swallows around a sudden lump in his throat — why does this feel like he’s about to sign a deal with the devil? No, not the devil. More like his evil henchman with an accent.
The Impala provides him with a conveniently placed bag of chips on the passenger seat, so Dean takes his time and enjoys the drive. He already figured that distances don't matter, here, not really. If he wanted to be at the Roadhouse in two minutes, he'd be there. If he enjoys the drive, he can take hours, just following the road where it takes him.
Cas' breaths are moist puffs of air against Dean's lips as they exchange needy little pecks, his blue eyes a molten, cobalt blue so mesmerizing, Dean is lost in them. So he sticks his hand down the back of Cas' pants and shoves him forward, to the edge of the couch. Cas sucks in a sharp breath, head leaned back, and Dean goes straight for his neck again. The smell is overwhelming – of laundry detergent, of grass and earth and
Cas' skin is so hot, so vibrant, so sensitive, and he hisses when Dean closes his fingers around his cock. The angle is good, Dean can work with that, so he strokes him a few times, just to see Cas' head fall down onto his chest, shoulders bowing.
The wet patch in his underwear starts to become uncomfortable.
And that's okay, too.
Cas smiles a secretive little smile and doesn't comment on it. But yes, Dean never could've imagined retiring without his then best friend at his side, and maybe it was one of many hints that there's more to them than just friendship. After all, it was what had him so irked after they had won against Chuck. That Cas wasn't there to see and enjoy any of it.
His face spells out pure confusion as Dean walks past him, one hand squeezing his waist as he does, and heads for the passenger side door.
Dean hums. “Nah, don't worry about me for now. I just wanted to kiss you. Can we go back to that?”
So much for that quick there-and-back-again fetch quest! How did you like Dean and Cas meeting again? Cas meeting Bobby? And, you know, all the flirting going on? :D Let me know!
As if they hadn't just exchanged some friendly frottage with a handjob on the side, Dean is already hard again and that before he even got dressed after their last romp.
Dean blinks at him. Waves his hand, palm up, in the universal gesture of 'what?'.
When Dad went missing, he went to fetch Sam.
“Oh,” Cas says, confused at first, but then he nods, lips drawn in as he tries to hide his smirk.
Dean doesn't answer that one because Cas has him sitting on the kitchen counter, mouthing against his chest, his neck, kissing him within an inch of his life, hand on his dick that just wouldn't change its mind through breakfast, until Dean spills all over his lap and stomach.
“I can imagine.”
Dean blushes, feels the heat on his cheeks. They're in the middle of the street, for Christ's sake. People hear the shit they say and probably understand it, too.
File that under: things he should not think about while talking to his Mom on the phone.
A tentative smile appears on John's lips that Dean can't place. “I see,” he says.
Dean is acutely reminded of Cas requiring reading glasses in one of the other universes and makes a mental note to take him to the eye place in Lebanon soon. When he imagined having Cas back and all to himself, he did not expect them to end up discussing nutrition facts over dusty canned beans and considering optometrist appointments. It makes him smile, though.
'Hiding your boner?' Dean teases.
Cas is standing at the stove, clad only in boxers and an apron and somehow, that pushes quite a few of Dean's buttons. He clears his throat to not surprise Cas – he does handle scorching hot kitchen tools, after all – as he approaches him from behind. His hands find Cas' love handles easily, and Dean pushes close to kiss the side of his neck.
Castiel nods at him, once, then elbows the closest body to the side as he sprints up the ramp.
“I like being hogged by you,” Cas has that indulgent expression again, the one that makes Dean feel all fuzzy inside. “That's fine.”
They haven't discussed shaving yet and Dean may have skipped it one or two days on occasion.
Dean thinks.
There's a flip tugging at his stomach, the good kind, a zing of arousal down to his gut.
-- and Cas finishes, “until you can't sit tomorrow.”
Dean leans his head back, grins. “I already have you, so.”
Dean ducks his head, feels heat crawl up his cheeks. That hit home, in all the best ways. “Yeah, of course.”
Dean zaps everywhere because he hates driving in the snow, so if he can forego it, he will. They still warm up the hot tub and lounge in the cold air under bubbling, hot water, and Dean makes a sweet punch, something between mulled wine and a warm fruit cocktail, for them to drink, before he ducks under Cas' shoulder and they rest there, soaking, for hours. With or without words, it's perfect, it's comfortable, it's everything Dean ever wanted.
Dean closes his eyes, wallows in the feeling of Cas' fingers drawing circles behind his ear. It makes him wonder, what Cas' mouth around him will feel like. But he'll find out soon enough, anyway.
Dean scowls, shakes his head in surprise. “Of course.”
'And I don't even mind, because every time I feel that, it reminds me of one of the best nights of my life.'
Cas hums, low in his throat, strokes his fingers through the hair at the back of Dean's head. “Do you enjoy this?”
"Yeah, I don't trust him either, Sammy."
They slap a few pieces of steak and corn on the cob next to the fish and idly drink their beer. Dean just enjoys the smell, the mixture of roasting meat, smoking coal and the ever-present bitterness of motor oil residue in the back.
“Um, nice to see you too.” Dean shoots him an eyebrow. “What’s this drink I didn’t order?”
“I just... like this, I guess. Part of me always wanted to hang up my boots as a hunter and open a bar somewhere,” he chuckles, hides his smile behind the neck of the bottle.
Hope you enjoyed that chapter, and now we'll see what Dean makes with this tidbit of information. Thanks for following along to everyone! I love your comments and have yet to respond to a few, but bear with me please :-)
Above him, Cas gives a helpless, inarticulate sound that has heat pooling low in Dean's gut.
“And Bobby offered, you know. He already had a feeling you would be here soon. He was also the one who was sure you'd land at the roadhouse.”
For a few moments, they are quietly munching on bacon and sausages, sharing the only fork Dean brought to shovel scrambled eggs into their mouth – in Dean's case – or taking careful bites of only the soft, big chunks – in Cas' case.
With a sigh, Cas nods. “Let's go home.”
Cas' too-deep all-sex voice in his ear. “Show me what you like.”
Somehow, sometime along the way, touching Cas turned into cuddling with him on the sofa, on the bed, turned into hands finding their way under shirts, turned into
When he finally pulls down Cas' zipper and reaches through it, through the fly of his boxer briefs, and pulls him out, there's a second of insecurity.
So what, he dug the look, he honestly did. It was way back when he still dressed like his Dad, just to be like him. When the roadie look was what he found inspiring, too. He simply was young and easy to impress.
Why, Dean doesn't know. Unfamiliar territory. Nerves, whatever.
His hair is still a mess, but it doesn't matter. Dean only gives it a halfhearted rub with his wet hand to flatten it somewhat. He wears yesterday's clothes – who cares, they're comfy and as Cas said – no doing laundry if you don't enjoy it. When Dean heads downstairs, scratching at the stubble on his cheek, he can hear it, smell it.
Dean huffs, finding himself once again at the point where he called a millennia-old celestial wavelength of intent cute
The longest ten minutes of his life, waiting, shivering in the cool living room, the fire having burned down hours ago, until Bobby returned. Holding baby Sammy close to keep him warm, Jo snuggling into his side while Ellen packed what little they could take with them.
He could, if he wanted.
Dean drops her from the lift and wet-sands the ground-out rust spots, spot-welding some sheet metal into it and slapping bondo where necessary. Bodywork is a mindless kind of work he can get totally immersed with and lost in.
If the guard wasn’t there and if the situation wasn’t what it is, simmering with danger, ready to boil over into something violent, he’d finish that thought.
Cas takes the back seat, meeting his eyes in the rearview mirror.
Her brown eyes, so fixed and locked on him — and yes, he knows it’s to read his lips, but still, he’s feeling scrutinized in the most flattering way. “Deal. Do you need anything, food, water?”
He looks dazed and confused and wonderful when he smiles back at Dean.
between them.
Cas doesn't speak, just watches him, from where he sits on the hood, legs outstretched in front of him.
“Woah, hold up.”
“There's no more purgatory, no more hell,” Amara says, pride swinging in her voice. “I converted Chuck to Buddhism, I guess.”
Cas smiles a sad smile, his tears having dried now.
Dean hums. Cas could read the phone book to him and it'd turn him on, at this point.
'Got your ears on, Cas?'
If you like to listen to music while reading: Def Leppard - Pour some sugar on me
“Finally?” Dean splutters, but hugs her tight and lifts her off the floor. “We jumped here! You know what that means.”
Dean smirks and turns around, takes the next order.
About halfway through January, the snowfalls start and just don't stop.
Dean hums in understanding. Of course Jody would be happy to see her family again. With the rest of her family still on earth – Donna and the girls – where else would she be? But what now, indeed. Dean gets it.
Thanks to Crowley’s downpayment, their pockets are sufficiently lined for a fun night out, and frankly, Dean has been itching for it.
Dean nods. “Wherever you want it to be, whatever you want it to be. Follow the road, it'll take you there.”
So who might that be? :D Please leave your bets in the comments below and as always, did you like the smut? And the mini-date? Oh, that honeymoon phase, it's fun to write them fucking like newlyweds.
As much as he made fun of Sam's beard after the whole Michael incident, this, this, no, does not compare, does not compare.
Sam had blinked at him, but didn't object.
Still, he's glad Jimmy wasn't around for the actual, averted apocalypse, for the Leviathans, for Lucifer walking the earth, for all the shit hitting the fan - and also frankly, for everything that happened between Dean and Cas.
If they ever want to take it further than this, if he ever wants to have something in his ass that's not just fingers, if he ever wants to see if he likes that, they have to start somewhere. They've done fingering – he's done it to Cas as well, even though Dean's been on the receiving end more often than not, so far – for weeks. He can do it.
