Sherlock didn’t reply, he simply pulled John in for a hungry kiss, their tongues colliding as they shared their love for the first time after their confessions.
“It isn’t that I didn’t think you would support me. It’s just, well, this guy at college said that it made sense that two poofs would raise another poof, and it made me mad. I just, well, I know people will always be horrible and close-minded, but I just wanted to tell you. In case someone like him decided to out me. Not that I mind being outed. I just didn’t want to be before I told you. And Pa, I know what you’re thinking… I am not going to tell you the name of the boy.”
“Ah… Perfect timing. I was just about to serve up. Oliver is here, by the way. There is enough for him so I said he could stay for dinner. I hope you don’t mind.”, Molly smiled.
Rosie stood in the middle of the room, scowling, with her arms still folded across her chest. John left her to brew a little bit. He knew she would give in eventually, especially if he acted as though she wasn't there.
“Very well. I am glad she is going there. I know the school you mean. She is perfect for it.”, Mrs Laniston smiled at Rosie, who gave her a weak smile in reply. “Okay, gentlemen, that’s all. There isn’t anything else you need to know. Thank you for coming in today.”
John took full hold of Rosie, who had paramedics rushing towards her and said, “Go be Sherlock Holmes.” He pecked John’s lips and kissed the top of Rosie’s head, before he began careering towards the building with Greg hot on his heels.
“So, you’re avoiding the flat, in case John comes back. I’m guessing he stayed at Mellie’s last night then?”
“No, John. I don’t want Rosie in that situation. I won’t risk her anywhere near those two criminals, now I know what they’re like.”, Sherlock replied, shocking Lestrade a little, and causing him to leave the room, so the pair could discuss it without him eavesdropping (and so he could go and ring Mycroft at this new development).
“Looks as though we’ll be spoilt for choice when it comes to rooms to hide in.”, John commented as they walked up the front path, through a small rose garden.
Of course, there’s not much else they can do from here, since both of their mobiles have been confiscated, though apparently not Sherlock’s lock-picking set because the brilliant idiot is now using them to pick at his fingernails.
Young Sherlock is on the ground, long legs stretched out in front of him, back to a wide old oak tree with his head bowed over the book. With one finger he is following the tiny green scrawl line by line, soaking in every word, eyes flashing from side to side, almost speed-reading. By the time he notices the white terrier that has attached its rather annoying self to his ankle via its tiny, sharp teeth, Sherlock is annoyed beyond repair. Naturally, he says the first thing that comes to mind.
Sherlock sighs and sits up, glances towards his sister who rolls her eyes and sticks her tongue out at him. Turning to Mycroft, he states simply, “Yes,” not giving Ophelia the satisfaction of knowing she’s getting on his nerves.
Sherlock starts to call Ophelia, then thinks not. Instead, he closes his eyes again and leans back into the chair. Very carefully he pushes all other thoughts aside until he can only see her face in his mind. The instant the calling works, the atmosphere in the old house changes and he opens his eyes to see his little sister standing in the center of the room, arms down at her sides, and an expression of pure amazement on her face.
“Get on with it.” Sherlock demands, watching Mycroft intently as he oozes to the floor to sit on his behind with his back against the chair.
House steps forward, not quite leaning into John’s space, but certainly using his height in an attempt to intimidate the retired soldier. (He tried that one on a cop once and it didn’t work out so well.)
John doesn’t say anything as he rests his laurels on the stoop, his back towards Sherlock in a effort to hide his expression and red cheeks he can feel. Better to stare out into the darkness than keep staring at that mouth and wondering what other talents it possesses.
Martin laughs, feeling a new happiness bubble out of him as he agrees and follows John into the sitting area.
(Narrator breaks in: would you like to know? Go read my collab with my wonderful literary partner lobstergirl,
“So, to sum up this episode of Aliens Were Here First, let’s turn to Doctor Michael Stamford now. Doctor Stamford, can you give us a quick review for our audience so that no one’s confused at this point?”
Sherlock blinks rapidly, gripping John’s hands in his own. “Thank you,” he manages. Behind him, Ophelia smiles warmly.
What is happening to him? Hoping John hasn’t picked up on his thoughts, he answers quickly to cover them up.
Since that answer makes no sense, John leaves it. They walk without conversation for a few moments until they are standing in front of the cottage Grant described to them. John runs his hand over the back of the carved bench as they pass it, both men moving straight up to the front door as if they’re regular visitors and not complete strangers here.
It’s not that John disagrees with him, it’s just that he’s more than ready to either run, fuck or fight, so he clamps his mouth shut in an effort to not wake the detective from his much-needed rest any further.
From where he stands opposite his partner, Sherlock nods his agreement as he reaches out to run his hand down the center of the now split in half bench seat. All three pieces of wood are cracked down the center, the lumber splintered into thousands of bits. As always, though, John can see clearly that Sherlock’s onto some detail about it that makes it more than it seems.
sofa. Dammit. Well, there’s no getting around it this time. He sighs again, deeper and much more dramatically than the first time as he stomps back into the sitting room, being sure to raise enough ruckus that Mycroft will understand how much he’s put Sherlock out by just talking to him. Plopping down in his chair so hard it rocks on its antique legs, Sherlock glares at his brother from beneath his messy fringe.
Sherlock does not enjoy driving. In all honesty, he prefers to take a cab to get around, but the almost hour long distance from his house to the morgue tends to get expensive very quickly. He’s been running a bit low on funds the past couple of weeks, though with the case he finished prior to today’s waste of time, he’ll have an income again.
Victor barks as he trots back and forth between John and a flight of steps beyond the lobby. Sherlock is at the base of them, sniffing warily, tail lashing back and forth.
“Good, then, what do you think…” Molly begins, but Sherlock has already swept out of the room, coattails swishing as he passes through the double doors.
Sherlock words stay put in his mouth because John makes a snap decision and decides the detective needed a kiss right then. Sherlock reciprocates, his hand slowly working its way up John’s shoulder, to the collar of his shirt and then to the back of his neck where it rests. As their kiss grows more heated, he takes the initiative and slowly moves his palm to the front of John’s jeans, not quite surprised in the least to feel the heat of arousal there.
“I know,” Sherlock murmurs from where he sits on the bed, completely naked with his back against the headboard.
John shakes his head then slowly runs the palms of his hands over sharp shoulder blades, using his thumbs to outline the broad, flat bones. :
Sherlock’s answer is brief, the last constant drawn out into a hissing ‘s’ that ends as he swiftly changes, remaining on the sofa with his tail wrapped around his paws.
When John and Sherlock enter the meeting room housed in another of the ubiquitous gray buildings around half the perimeter of the airport, it is to see the same two policemen from Sunday standing against the wall with their arms crossed; the MP that came to their suite earlier is nowhere to be seen. Neither of the officers look pleased to see Sherlock.
John considers his schedule. He’s not due into the clinic until two, so there’s no reason they can’t have a quiet lunch somewhere together.
“What did I tell you this morning, Martin?” John asks, tilting his head in Douglas’ direction. He’s referring to the conversation they had while Sherlock was in the shower. John told Martin that it sounds like Douglas is already crazy about the younger man.
Since there’s not really any words worthy enough to answer, he wipes the tear from her eye with his thumb. They link arms and rejoin the party in the sitting room.
(OK, so that leaves us with…’cause, seriously, I keep getting lost. I should draw a picture. Anyway: Sally, Lestrade, Stottlemeyer, John, Sherlock and…that’s it.)
Victor is reluctant to let him go, but he knows better than to push. He also knows Sherlock’s going to keep telling him ‘no’ until he gives in and goes along with the ‘experiment,’ which is all the younger boy has been talking about for months. He’d even shown Victor the notes in that big old book he’s got—not that much of it made any sense to Victor at all—and it seems like he knows what he’s talking about.
Mycroft raises his eyebrow at the reference. “Consider them safely out of the general population.” He says with such steel in his voice that the statement brooks no further questioning.
“I agree, Christopher,” John allows. He leans against the doorframe, still feeling the weight of the case, even now.
“That’s normal, Martin. Lean on me until you feel like you’d be more comfortable walking, alright?” John offers his hand and Martin leans against him. “There you go.” Though they stand the same height, John’s sturdy build offers Martin stability. They leave the clinic that way, Sherlock walking ahead of them a few paces.
Sherlock yawns, stretches and arches his back upward into the warmth of John’s touch; even as a cat he’s been feeling cold since the night at the pool.
After all, it is a pretty day, so why waste it? Perhaps a bit of leg stretching will do his mind some good. Besides, there’s no use in being in any hurry to get to his house since there’s a fifty-fifty chance he’s going to open the door and find it empty. Seventy-five thousand quid is quite a lot to be going on with, and surely enough to hire some movers that work efficiently. Grant looks at his phone, yep, seeing that he cut an hour out of his day, there’s no reason decent movers can’t empty out a three-bedroom cottage in a matter of three or four hours.
John cannot accept it, though. Not now. Seems that once this train has started up the mountain, there’s no going back. He takes a deep breath and moves the plate from his lap onto the coffee table. “Could I make a request?”
John dives into his pasta, shoveling it into his mouth while his eyes rove around the room watching the milling soldiers and medical staff. There’s a lightness of atmosphere in the cantina so rarely enjoyed by any of them and though people are spread around the room talking, dancing or eating, there’s also a certain measure of wariness present in anyone who has been stationed here more than a few days.
They are interrupted, however, when the waitress returns with their platters. Douglas likes the way Martin dives into his as if he hasn’t eaten for a week. Just as their conversation begins to pick up where it left off, another interruption in the form of a particularly bubbly steward from MJN appears, complete with this week’s girlfriend in tow.
Suddenly, the flirty, come-hither expression is gone and he’s talking a mile a minute, softening cock waving as he grabs his trousers from the floor and steps into them, sans underwear. He rips open a dresser drawer in order to pull a t-shirt over his head and then he’s flying through the flat, leaving John gaping-mouthed and more than a little bit in shock.
“Ms…” Sherlock tries in between watery sobs, a trifle annoyed that he’d deleted her name the moment she said it to John, as useless as that information often proves to be.
“Holy shit, John,” Dale whistles lowly into John’s ear. “There’s so much EVP that I can’t separate them right now. Any visuals?”
John Receives Desire and Need and returns it along with Want and Affection. He leans down to begin placing a trail of petal soft kisses from the base of Sherlock’s neck down his spine. Beneath him, the detective hums and purrs contentedly. Kneading one well-formed buttock with the palm of his hand, John moves upward again in order to gently grasp the skin on Sherlock’s nape in his teeth. He worries it a bit then sucks and finally laves the little red mark with his tongue.
A heavy stillness blankets the room. Mycroft can’t contain his disappointment in his brother’s silence; the lack of loyalty to the one person other than Mycroft himself who could be in Sherlock’s orbit without being torn to pieces—and even volunteer to be, at that. Awkwardly, keeping his eyes locked on Sherlock’s, Mycroft raises his Shields and pulls his pager from his pocket, making a rather dramatic show of being needed by his employer.
“John, I don’t always take credit for all the cases I solve. It keeps my mind from stagnating, from dwelling on those things I cannot solve. Surely you already knew that?”
Silence reigns for about two seconds then pandemonium erupts and people are running for the exits. A heavy body collides against John and Sherrinford hauls him towards the door with one big hand clamped on John’s good shoulder. John refuses to stop and consider the implications of that as he yanks at Sherrinford’s hand and tries unsuccessfully to drag his feet.
Without conscious effort or awareness, John steps close enough to the barricade to grasp the top line of tape in his hands. He cannot make out what’s being said over the patter of the rain, but there’s no mistaking the deep, carrying timbre of Sherlock’s voice. Glad to see that apparently he’s been forgotten, never mind the reason, John has to fight the irrational urge to stomp over the line and make Sherlock explain himself.
“Sherlock,” John tries, but the detective is so focused on what he’s doing that it takes a few seconds to answer.
Sherlock shakes his head, straightens up then slowly folds down to his knees, gripping John’s thighs. He clears his throat with a frown against the obvious pain. After a moment, he explains with a whisper, “Belarus. Berwick. The Osprey is Barry’s brother, Damon.”
“Good!” Sherlock shouts across the dining room, letting go his collar and holding one hand up high as if beckoning someone. “Now, walk towards me.”
The waitress awkwardly presents their plates around Arthur but politely says nothing. They thank her and Arthur declines anything.
A five minute nap actually turns into two hours. John wakes up with a start, swearing that someone or some thing touched his arm. He writes it off as exhaustion and being keyed up over the waste of a night and hits the button on the blue tooth in his ear.
Mycroft’s fingers twitch only once before he speaks, but John doesn’t miss it. “Ah,” he says, “I see.”
“Help me!” John calls. In an instant, Thirteen is at the other side of the bed holding Mr. Thompson’s head still. “Thank you.” John mutters as he pries apart the man’s lips. He scissors the first two fingers on his hand and slowly draws something from the patient’s mouth. Even House is surprised when the object keeps coming.
“Alright. Fine. But it was only for a second. It looked normal enough, small range, fridge—which I did not open by the way—wooden table with two chairs.”
’ aren’t usually pretty exact. He steps forward and John follows. They move quietly through the grounds towards a large hangar that has a huge yellow star painted above the doors. It is illuminated from either side. A regular-sized entrance is cut into the metal above a foot to the side of the big, airplane-sized half-rounded-top door. Sherlock points towards the human-size one and John nods, wordlessly.
The world spins on its axis and the vacuum of space is taken up by white light; blinding white light that crashes around them like a tsunami; it slams against the walls to echo against Sherlock as if his body has just made itself into a radar…the blips on the screen in his mind all point to one person. The very foundations of Sherlock’s self-made fortress shake and tremble until some of the brightness fades away and he Reaches out carefully, a child searching in the dark for his favorite security blanket.
Sherlock lazily blinks. “Does it look like I’m in the mood to talk, John?” he says out loud but at the same time Sends :
“Want you,” John tells him then slides down and takes Sherlock in his mouth. Sherlock pushes and prods John so that he ends up lying on his side, his mouth on Sherlock’s cock and Sherlock’s hand on John’s. It’s not uncomfortable this way, though John would prefer to take more time touching and caressing his partner, it is enough for now.
John considers pulling Sherlock’s hand away; before he can act on the thought, however, Sherlock takes a deep breath and turns his head to avoid John’s gaze.
The ginger wingwalker in the skin-tight black outfit is now waving at the crowd. Douglas has always had a thing for gingers and his eyes are drawn to the contrast of red and black as the man climbs from the bottom wing to the top. Beside him, Arthur oohs and aahs and sounds so generally astounded that Douglas can’t help but smile, too. Sometimes the steward’s happiness is contagious. Of course, Arthur’s had so many girlfriends in the past month alone that Douglas can’t even remember all their names. Surely that’s one way to make a bloke happy.
“I can listen,” she says quietly, stepping closer to him, her bare feet making no sound on the dusty antique Persian carpet.
“No, I can’t see the future. I can, however, learn about the past through means most people are unable to.”
Sherlock bends towards the steps now, reaching out with one finger to pick up a trace of something John cannot yet see. The detective holds his hand up to the light, allowing John to make out what could be a broken, trampled piece of grass or perhaps a leaf from some plant…
“Ah, John, give him some credit. Out of everything I’m sure he said to you, was any of it false or secrets buried deep?”
Finally, John goes eerily silent. He is no longer attached to any of the machines when the nurses and the doctor step away from him. John angrily glares at them, the scarlet of his face broken only by the glittering of tear tracks and the stormy blue of his eyes.
“John, wake up.” Sherlock shifts his shoulder, almost pushing John off of it as the cab slows to a stop. The sun has just begun peeking over the horizon and Sherlock is eager to get started. John, though? he thinks, not so much.
John is speechless as another young woman saunters into the kitchen from the hallway with a cheery “hello” in his direction. Her form is more solid than the others, a fact made clearer when she joins them at the table. Where the other children seem to be the wispy fragments of a memory, everything about them indistinct except for their eyes, the newcomer is almost corporeal, her striped blouse and denim shorts as clear to John as the dark clothing he’s wearing.
When Martin’s gaze slides back to Douglas’, he is struck by the tiny pinpricks of light in Douglas’ warm brown eyes.
From his position on the right hand side of the loveseat across from the bigger sofa, John is making a quiet study of everyone in the sitting room; the flames from the fireplace cast lovely, flattering light on each of them. Beside him, Sherlock twists around until the detective’s head is in his lap, long legs hanging over the arm of the couch. Mycroft offers him a half-hearted glare from where he is standing to the left of the mantel; a glare that quickly turns into an easy, fond smile.
Except for the large steamer trunk in the middle of the floor where it is bracketed by the steel tables. It is surrounded by chains and padlocks. House frowns at it. Thirteen raises a hand to her mouth.
Sophie grins then stops chewing her bacon as she contemplates the new word. “Daddy, what’s ‘radiant?’” A crispy piece drops onto her pink shirt. She frowns at it and pinches it between her thumb and forefinger, then pops it into her mouth.
They laugh until the waiter stops by for their order, John relieved and Sherlock just happy. The man grins widely at them and for a second Sherlock worries that he can Hear them, then he says ‘thank you’ and moves quietly along towards the kitchen. Sherlock relaxes a little more, soaking in the heat pouring off of John.
The only thing that stops Sherlock from hitting him is Lestrade’s own big hand wrapped around an even bigger fist.
“Ah, don’t be embarrassed. Happens to us all. Sorry about the bite, mate, but you have c-a-t written all over you.” Victor gestures towards Sherlock’s ankle, where there’s almost nothing left of the wound now but some dried blood and dark pink skin. “Oh,” he says softly, his own eyes flickering over the lanky teenager trying hard to make himself invisible. “That’s why.”
John can barely make out the sound of the bedroom door closing over Mable’s weeping. He’s not exactly irritated at Sherlock’s behavior, more like unsurprised. The genius detective has never done well with people crying all over their flat, and he’s probably not going to start having more patience just because they are Linked. He clears his throat and puts his cup down.
and Sally isn’t exactly ugly. Granted, since he and Sherlock got together, no one really turns his head, but he is male and men like to
John frowns. “Right, then care to explain? You don’t have to tell me what you were dreaming about…just give me something to go on here.”
thought out of his head and moves closer to Sherlock who frowns at him in a knowing way but continues with his line of thought, “John, will you please explain to these ingrates that if I cannot
“John, listen to me,” Sherlock requests slowly, his normally deep voice made impossibly deeper by the preternaturally cold air surrounding them.
Wrong-colored flames lick at Sherlock’s face and fingers from a mentally untouchable world beyond his dreams. Soulless, almost colorless, void of emotion. Nothing. Except that everything right here and over there is black and white and grey like an Escher sketch steamrolled and flattened into a confusing matrix filled with nothing but a raging charcoal fire.
It’s the off-center-ness that makes Sherlock a tiny bit crazy so he retaliates by cupping the back of John’s skull with one hand, effectively holding him in place in order to begin kissing the daylights out of him. The little devil that lives on John’s left shoulder smirks and pumps his fist in the air, while the little angel on his right shoulder whispers
like that by some stranger. It’s different when the Freak does it. At least they have some history to fall back on. Besides, all the times Sherlock has put her down, it had nothing to do with her gender and more to do with who she picked to bed or the sloppiness of the way she did her job.
Martin chokes on his iced tea and his face does a wonderful impression of a radish. “Well…” he manages in between coughs.
John considers this. He glances at the still nervous Ophelia and she gives him a brief smile completed with a slight tilt of her chin in agreement with her brother’s words. John is stunned into silence, and as he reflects on everything that’s happened since he first laid eyes on the consulting psychic, the truth hits him hard. When he meets Sherlock’s gaze again, there’s a smile on his face.
Sherlock huffs under his breath at John’s jocular tone, but John knows well and truly amused when he hears it. Shimming down so that he can put his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders, he sets his lips against Sherlock’s ear and whispers a silly line from a terrible song he heard many years ago, “If you’ve got the money, honey, I’ve got the time.”
Sherrinford nods his thanks to Mrs. Hudson as she conjures up another sandwich. He grabs an empty chair from the table beside them, gives a charming grin to the people there then gracefully drops into it, backwards so that he is facing them with his legs spread, black boots planted flat on the ground.
“You don’t need to ask me what I’m doing here. I’ll tell you that. My brother is deep in the corridors of his Mind Palace as a last-ditch effort at finding out Edward Norton’s deep, dark secret.” She rolls her eyes towards the ceiling.
John shrugs, concedes the point. “Are you ready to go downstairs and grab some nibbles?” he asks the boys.
The massive feathered fiend is screeching and grabbing at the Cat with its feet, obviously aiming to skewer Sherlock in the head as quickly as possible. Like before, though, the Were is ducking and twisting out of the Osprey’s reach, which is only serving to make the bird even angrier.
In the waiting room of the medical building at the airport, John shifts his weight from leg to leg on an uncomfortable plastic chair. He’s torn between being incredibly shocked and incredibly angry that there’s something
“Nope.” Sherlock calls from behind the refrigerator door, popping the last ‘p’ in the word. He stares at the almost-bare appliance in an effort to figure out what he could do to irritate Mycroft the most. There’s never anything particularly gross in the crisper when he really needs it.
“You mean Mr. Monroe? Yep, owes my boss quite a basket of quid.” The giant rumbles as he reaches behind himself to idly scratch at the back of his neck.
Sherlock, uncharacteristically because he’s still mostly thinking about earlier, gives Mable a moment to compose herself; it turns out to be completely wasted because the moment she opens her mouth to speak, she breaks down and cries all the harder.
There was nothing else I could tell him, not at all. I did my best to explain, though I was unsure as to the methodology—explaining to someone who had not been through the experience was not ever going to be simple. Let alone the effort it would take to describe the necessary details to someone still missing data from denying the unseen or maybe that which is not readily apparent to the vast majority of the living population.
“I haven’t the faintest idea, really. There’s no doubt that something’s happened, but I don’t think John would hit Sherlock out of anger, he usually just walks away, you know? He’s done it here loads of times, well, not
Back home with the tea made once again, John is seated comfortably in his chair, patiently waiting on Sherlock who has locked himself in the loo.
Sherlock is dismayed to find that the heat seeping through his shirt from Victor’s hand is distracting him from pushing this apparently insane—and possibly rabid—creature away from him. He doesn’t though, and he needs to figure out why.
An hour later, they stand outside a rather imposing brick building that is tucked in behind two huge hangars. Naturally, it piqued Sherlock’s never ending curiosity that afternoon when Greg had pointed out across the flight line. John thinks back to dinner and wonders vaguely what he’s agreed to. He grudgingly admits that he should have been taught by former experience to pay closer attention to his partner’s plans, especially when they involved skulking about after dark in places that they most certainly should not be.
“John, I’m not trying to pry, mate, but you look a bit ragged around the edges,” Mike offers, tugging at his long coat, causing the buttons over his belly to strain a little.
“Sophie,” John calls her attention to him for a second, “this is your uncle Martin, Papa’s little brother.”
John Sends, not the least bit self-conscious as he rubs Sherlock’s biceps, forearms, his hands then runs his fingers across his flat belly. He goes still as he waits for Sherlock to either give permission to go farther or revoke it.
We’re all quiet for a few moments, but I know they’re going to ask me more; even if they already know, they’re going to ask. I take a deep breath and lean against the warmth of Mrs. Hudson.
else for a little while. Except that doesn’t go well either, because when the newspapers hold nothing interesting, he sets to work on the blog for a bit and realizes that it is just possible he’s already lost this particular battle, because all he can think about is Sherlock and what it would be like to go to sleep with a cat curled up beside him and maybe wake up to miles of bare skin…
“How can you even say that I don’t trust you, Sherlock?” John glares down at the fully-dressed supine detective, tightly curled fists on his hips. Taking up the entire sofa, Sherlock is almost fully in shadow this way as there are no lights on in the flat. John tilts his head towards the ceiling and closes his eyes.
Victor nods and reaches behind himself. From the back pocket of one of his jeans he pulls out an object that John and Sherlock recognize even before it is fully in the light. “I found this. It’s the feather of an Osprey.”
John is so relieved to be home that he leans against the tile and closes his eyes, letting the hot water cascade down his back. Being under cover is generally not his forte and everything about this case was difficult, emotionally draining and more challenging to rationalize than war. After a few minutes of soaking in the heat, he squeezes shampoo out into his hand and scrubs at his hair, by now detesting the fake color and the reasons it was necessary in the first place.
John fights the urge to let everything go and just wrap Sherlock in his arms, but there’s a small detail still nagging at him. “The client from earlier? Mable Wright? She’s related to Victor in some way, yeah?”
After an hour or so, Molly is in the middle of weighing the organ that’s caused the poor dead man so many problems when Sherlock reappears, this time with his shirt buttoned up correctly and tucked into his jeans, though his coat is nowhere to be seen. He wanders over to the tall cupboard nearest the door then opens it and manages to make putting on a lab coat look like he’s getting dressed for a fashion show. Molly can’t help but watch, helplessly transfixed as he moves around her like he does it every day, copying her until he’s beside her, safety glasses and gloves on, hands held out as if he’s playing surgeon. She tries to ignore the smell of sorrow, guilt and loneliness that is emanating off of him.
“A run. You know, you Shift, I Shift, we have a gambol across the park, you come back here and I go home.”
“So, you may leave now Mr. Monroe-Trevor, and we will see you at your house about lunch time tomorrow. You’ve already cleared your calendar for the day, so I believe you’ll be home. Good day.”
John sits back in his chair, weaving his fingers together in his lap, crossing his right leg over his left. His gaze is far away. After a few minutes, he gestures towards Sherlock where he still stands in front of the bookcase. Their Link warms a little and Sherlock chooses to interpret this as a positive sign.
Ambrose’s pointy finger points at his own chest. He frowns, tilts his head and wonders, “…why?...” then passes out cold.
Across London, Greg's phone chirps out an obnoxiously tween-age warning for an incoming text message. Sherlock somehow fiddled with the damned thing last week and as much as Greg hates it, he has to admit that it is actually louder than it was before, so he no longer has the excuse of not answering the consulting detective’s messages because he cannot hear his phone ring. He sits forward and pulls it out of his trouser pocket, reads the text, fires off an affirmative reply and stuffs it back away. Greg then goes back to the worn, dog-eared paperback novel in his hands, ignoring the majority of the passers-by from where he is perched in a hard plastic chair outside John Watson's hospital room.
Of course, their outing today has been an absolute study in temptation, because Sherlock keeps draping himself provocatively over every single inanimate object he’s found since leaving Baker Street. John’s not stupid, not by any means, but he is a man and his libido has been seriously kicked up into high gear this afternoon due in no small part to Sherlock’s antics.
“Let’s just say I’m someone who’s tired of being dicked around by people like the Holmes family. Name’s Barkley.” Barkley stands up straight and crosses his arms over his chest with a little nod. He puts one booted foot on Martin’s hip and presses down.
Sherlock finally moves to stand on his hind legs and place his front paws on John’s chest. Feline eyes so much like his human ones bore into John.
Martin nods, still looking slightly shell-shocked. “I don’t know which thing to be more worried about…the bomb or the fact that I was just invited to fly an experimental aircraft.”
It takes three full seconds for John to catch up. Realizing that he’s been virtually dismissed, he widens his stance and stiffens his shoulders. “And on whose authority do you get to tell me what to do?”
John frowns, instantly catching up with the detective; though unsure this is a good idea but knowing that it’s for the best. There’s no way he’ll be able to keep up with both of them in their four-legged forms. “Sherlock, I’m not sure if I can even do that.” They’ve never really discussed ‘it’ though John’s always itched for the chance. A vague ripple of a memory of fifty soldiers diving for cover dances before his eyes. Did it happen then?
. Lucky that there are still people around who care enough about other people to help out. Granted, the doctor told him he’d been in control of the plane during its awkward descent, but Martin won’t chalk that up to luck—on the other hand, he’s not sure what else to call it.
There’s another voice intertwined with that of the screaming one belonging to the old house around him as with a bang like gunfire the rafters crack and split…that strange voice calling out, then there are gloved hands and a man in fire suit pulling him out but he’s screaming that she’s still in the house…she’s still in the house! What doesn’t anyone understand? He tries screaming in English, then French then Welsh and still no one is listening.
“Good evening,” the older girl says. She reaches up to brush back a ginger curl that’s fallen down over her face then lets her fingers trail backwards through a long ponytail.
Sherlock leans his head down as John’s hand rests on the back of his neck. Their lips touch softly and John quickly takes control of the kiss, ratcheting up the heat by tens of degrees.
That sounds like a reasonable idea, anyway, until he steps out of the loo, walks three paces and winds up with his face planted in a man’s chest. With a surprised grunt, he pulls away only to find himself looking up into green eyes he hasn’t hardly been able to get out of his mind in the past fourteen hours or so. He stares so intently that he almost doesn’t feel the EVP machine going bonkers in his pocket.
In between long strides that eat up the pavement, Sherlock takes a deep breath, “I miss cigarettes.”
“Nothing that would interest the likes of you,” Sherlock snarls, still not meeting the newcomer’s eyes.
“Her name is Anya Kabinokov, after her mother died, she and her brother, Christopher, were left alone and they wandered about the streets. Christopher is four years older than his sister.”
“For however long it took for whoever did this to break all the bones in her legs and then have time for them to start to heal?” Barkley shouts.
Martha knows well the signs of penance and doesn’t feel it is her place to forgive him. Of course, if anyone could ever pull something like this off, it would certainly be Sherlock and he would certainly return in much the same dramatic fashion. This time, though, there were higher stakes than even he reckoned for.
these memories without asking and only understanding a little of what’s happened here tonight, this Sharing that occurred while they both slept, Sherlock
They don’t exactly jump away from each other, though they do turn their heads towards the irritating sound. Victor Trevor is stretched out on the sofa, legs propped up on the arm and watching them with an avid glint in his eye that puts John instantly on the alert.
“Client! Come on, John!” Sherlock flies up the stairs, trainers not making the loud thumps against the old wood that his other shoes usually do and leaving John and the bag of dinner along with thoughts of what was to come
“Douglas! Up there, did you see the wingwalker?” Arthur bounces up and down in his seat and points to the sky, redundantly.
John is still poised over Sherlock, palms planted on either side of Sherlock’s head. Though he cannot truly see the ghost, he can clearly pick up on the distress signals Sherlock is sending out, not unlike an animal caught in a trap.
“Right, then, this shows that she was alive after some of these breaks long enough for them to begin knitting back together.”
John queries, fighting himself from shortening the distance between them. The Link vibrates happily, but the undercurrent of
Up above them, the agile wingwalker bows at the waist as the plane somersaults and the crowd around them cheers. Douglas thinks that maybe his life isn’t all so bad, at least he gets to fly. Look at that man up there, he tells himself, he’s having the time of his life and he’s doing it all on his own.
“Sally, stop. Will you? Just stop?” John has had about enough of her sharp claws raking into his arms. Her eyes snap to his and she lets out a long breath.
The bench vibrates beneath him as Sherlock unfolds. There really is no other way to describe it; John saw an octopus in an aquarium once and the thing had moved in a similar fashion: each tentacle slowly shooting out from its body, still keeping the rest of them tucked in to protect its soft underparts.
John finishes making their order and goes to make the tea. They start discussing the case and he puts his former thoughts on the back burner to be discussed at a later date. Right now, the dead Were siblings have priority over their personal lives, and John is comfortable with that.
At the mention of those wonderful planes, Martin sits up a little straighter. Sherrinford shoots him a wink before he takes a sip of his wine.
“That’s nice.” Sherlock scoots himself upward in order to rest against the dark wooden headboard in order to accept the glass of water she sits down on the bedside table. After a few seconds of feeling Ophelia’s angry gaze on him, he politely clears his throat. “I get the impression that I need to apologize.”
(Let’s all remember there’s no love lost between Sally and Sherlock. And as much as a misogynist our dear Sherlock has been all his life—and it’s not because he doesn’t you know,
Sherlock appreciates this question. Most people (idiots) would have said something inane along the lines of ‘he’s out cold, Sherlock, surely you can’t get anything from him that way’ or otherwise be foolish enough to assume Sherlock is trying to force his way into the man’s mind.
would be highly entertaining in and of itself. Hugh could do some impressions of him during a stand-up routine…)
By the time John runs out of words, he’s hastily wiping away the tears running down his face. Sherlock the Cat is an unmoving shape in his lap, his tail wrapped around John’s wrist. John’s heart is calm, despite entering these realms he never planned to probe ever again, let alone tonight. It’s good, though, that he can get these things off his chest, to be able to share a large part of the story with someone who will not judge him, these things he’s never shared with anyone who wasn’t there—not his sister, certainly not his shrink. He realizes now how much of it he’s kept hidden, even from himself. He strokes the silky fur beneath his palm and thinks that perhaps he’s reached a point of relief, but not absolution.
Sherlock answers the plea with a rumbly sound, something like a cross between a growl and a purr, if a human could make such a noise. John finds himself almost shivering at the sound as it travels from his ears and down his spine, leaving tracers in his synapses.
John is holding back a case of the giggles that he is eventually going to blame on jet lag. Especially because he can’t decide whether to call Sherlock a Princess or a Pasha at this point.
. She laughs a little to herself, thinking that when she was younger that term certainly carried a whole different meaning.
because while his thoughts distantly brush up against John’s, John’s mental channels are wide open, allowing Sherlock to Feel everything: so much that it is almost overwhelming: a veritable lightning storm of
Mummy Holmes studies her youngest son closely for a moment, knowing very well she isn’t going to get any more out of him on that subject. “Well, come on then, let’s have a chat.”
“Oh no, you aren’t getting out of it that easily,” John playfully swats at Sherlock’s lovely behind as he half-drags Sherlock to the door, only noticing the cocky smirk playing over his lips as he turns to close the door behind them.
I’ve got to say, though, after that, we were pretty much inseparable. It wasn’t sexual, never that, but we were pretty good friends for homeless people, I think. Up until I started working for Sherlock Holmes.
The scene shifts, a cooler wind dries the sweat, blood and tears from his body. He is still naked, on his knees in his bed, his cock buried balls deep in John’s ass. John’s perfect back and rump taut from the exertion, blond head bowed, arms quivering from the nearness of his climax. Though he cannot see John’s face, he knows there’s a smile on his face, even as his body trembles from the power behind Sherlock’s every thrust into the tight velvet heat that fixes them together.
Mycroft, completely oblivious to his youngest female sibling’s taunt, continues. “About ten years ago, a serial murderer was convicted and sentenced to death in Florida. That’s one of the fifty states, I do believe.”
“You are LOPNI?” The mysterious stranger asks, green eyes holding John’s full attention, obviously uninterested in further introductions.
“That, John, is an excellent question.” Sherlock gently returns the book to its former resting place and grasps John’s shoulder. “How long has it been since you moved from up here? Never mind, I’d say at least…” here he reaches out with his index finger, running it through the layer of dust on the window sill. “…three months. And you haven’t cleaned up here?” Sharp eyes scan the interior of the room, seeing the minutia that John can only aspire to. Spinning on the balls of his feet, he drops his gaze to Mrs. Hudson’s face as she clasps her hands tightly together.
The rest of the world beyond the here and now is silent, gently shrouded in the dim light from the lamp Mrs. Hudson has conscientiously left on for them. The detective recognizes the gesture as a throw-back to an older time and appreciates the sentiment for what it is, though he’d certainly never tell her that out loud. The time-smoothed dark banister and vintage accouterments of the house add to the atmosphere, suddenly that much brighter for the giggling presence of this dangerously normal man at his side. A newborn awareness is tapping at the corners of his consciousness; this is, without a doubt, something precious, something rare.
After a moment, she nods. “No, you aren’t. I’m more proud when you stay away from that stuff, Sherlock, than when you have to fight to get yourself out of its clutches.”
“House, it’s Mr. Thompson, he’s in respiratory failure. We need you stat!” She exclaims then turns on her heel; they can all hear her running back down the corridor.
Sherrinford crosses the hangar in six strides to stop beside them. Martin joins them from around the front of the plane.
And about the crying thing, well, yeah, he’s right. Since these two have decided they need to ‘take care of’ me, I feel like I’ve gained a couple of babysitters. Of course, a few weeks ago they were more like bodyguards. But that’s okay, too, you know, when you are almost eight months pregnant, you need all the help you can get and I now know that I can count Joseph and Billy as a friends. A girl needs as many as she can get.
No one says anything, so the man takes it to mean he should continue. “The body is not one of our pilots because all of the pilots we had signed up for Sunday were men. In fact, this body is not a ‘he’ at all, it is that of an unknown woman.”
John is lying here beside me on this old bed in this house so filled with transparent secrets. We conversed long into the night and then he made the most extraordinary physical overtures towards me I have ever experienced. Every touch was both warm with emotion and the searing heat of the open flame that brought me to this point. Every low whisper in my ears filled with desire and I am still filled with wonder that I would ever have this effect on another.
John runs the flat of his palm from as high on Sherlock’s neck as he can reach, down the plane of his spine between his shoulder blades until it naturally comes to rest at the top of the painfully elegant swell of his buttocks. With the other hand, he grips Sherlock’s hip, dragging that plush behind against his erection, forcing a groan from his lips. Sherlock huffs a sigh as he arches his spine, seeking more of John’s heat while he reaches between them to fondle John’s sac, a move that rips a thick moan from John when he rolls first one ball then the other lightly in clever fingers.
There’s a loud screech and the three of them find themselves on the icy end of a very angry dark-eyed glare brought to them by a huge black and white bird of prey. It drops to the floor, opening its magnificent wings and opening its beak to let out a harsh, angry hiss.
During Ruthie’s little gossip session, Kevin has returned with the tea kettle and four mugs. He’s carrying the mugs by the handles, one on each finger of his left hand; he’s got the kettle by the handle in the right. Ruthie spreads a linen napkin on the table, folding it in half. Kevin sets the kettle on the table then pours.
Without hearing him move, especially after listening to him mutter darkly to himself, suddenly Sherlock is right beside John, offering him a hand up. John nods sharply and accepts the help. With the other hand, Sherlock hands him the EVP machine. The little screen shines like a tiny sun, all lit up red and orange. He glares at it before realizing that Sherlock is moving towards the street.
John appreciates the quiet company. His eyes track Sherlock as the detective paces to and fro, occasionally silently punctuating a thought in his head with his hands. John knows those gestures well. In fact, he is really starting to believe it's perhaps the only thing about Sherlock he knows well at all.
Sherlock spins on his heel and drops roughly down on the bed beside John. He copies John’s pose and sighs. “Victor is certainly hiding something, of that I have no doubt.”
Guys, this story is nowhere near over, but I've got to apologize for the last few short chapters. Since I started writing this one, I've been robbed, finalized a divorce, not had power for two weeks and now I'm sick! So, yeah, me! Anyway, just letting you all know that it has NOT been forgotten nor abandoned. Thank you all for hanging in there with me, I hope to be back to normal very soon.
Wilson hands a fresh cup of coffee to Captain Stottlemeyer (who we are going to henceforth refer to as Captain (not to be confused with Captain Watson!) because I keep misspelling his name. (Dear readers, I can’t tell you how many times I misspelled Tietjens!!) He walks back around the table where the camera pans over and we get a bird’s eye view of the letter and the weird black ropy-thing that came from Mr. Thompson. Sherlock is doing that thing he does and everyone else is watching him.
Sudden recognition registers on Sherlock’s face. He steps over towards me and reaches out. He’s not a hugger, not really, but the big hand on my shoulder is exactly the same. Perhaps I was wrong to not want him here earlier. Besides, I don’t think Mrs. Hudson’s going to let me go for about another thirty hours or so. It’s unbelievable what a grip this fragile-looking lady’s got on me even if he was the hugging sort.
He Calls out uselessly, gritting his teeth against the pain hard enough that his jaw creaks when no answer is forthcoming, causing the paramedic sitting closest to him to jump a little in surprise.
because he’s got to know…the tall man is clambering down off the plane and Martin takes a deep, painful breath but it’s enough for him to raise his voice and he says, very plainly,
Realizing that it is Sherlock’s turn to talk, John tucks him against his chest. “Tell me,” he commands gently, keeping his arms around the warm, bare skin as Sherlock drapes his legs over the side of John’s.
John can hear that Sherrinford is putting on his best American drawl for Mycroft’s benefit. As if the man’s voice wasn’t husky enough, the slow pull of it must be like sandpaper on Mycroft’s cultured ears. John puts his hand over his mouth to keep from snorting with laughter; choking it back until his eyes begin to water.
John shakes his head at the memory of washing curry out of interesting places later that night then pushes up on his toes and places an off-center kiss on Sherlock’s mouth.
“Shut the fuck up, Embry! We gotta job to do.” The female paramedic shouts, “You three get lost, but don’t leave the area. Embry, if you don’t get your big mule ass up here in three seconds to help me I swear to God I am going to turn you over to freakin’ Higgins.”
“Thought you two might need a bit of refreshment. I need to get started on Mr. Landers, so you’re welcome to use my office as long as you need it.” She passes out the cups with a strained smile. “You’re welcome,” she agrees when they thank her before heading out to get back to work.
Directly across from Mycroft, Greg is seated beside Mrs. Hudson on another couch. Next to Greg is a tall lamp offering its soft white glow to the muted atmosphere.
“Yeah, we have a four-year old daughter named Sophie.” John tells him not without a hint of pride in his voice.
“I think you’ll be alright, it’s too late to try and do much more than clean it, which I’ll do as soon as we get back to the…”
“Yes, you can. I’ve even got a list of places…” Sherlock begins, his deep voice creeping into I-have-a-hypothesis-territory.
“Sherlock,” he says again, his voice much softer than normal. Ophelia flashes her best Cheshire Cat grin at him and winks before fading out, though the happy expression is almost ruined by the tears falling down her cheeks.
The only cognizance John possesses is the feeling of the hard bottom of the slipper he’s just put back onto his foot and the weak cream and sherbet dawn doing its damnedest to peek through last night’s scattering clouds. A small shiver runs down his spine; the chilly early morning air is seeping through the worn material of his sleeping clothes.
As guilt descends on him, he nudges Sherlock’s shoulder and tries to wriggle out from beneath the surprisingly heavy weight of him. Sherlock’s arms are like a vise.
Sherlock hears the left out part of her sentence but does not acknowledge it. He tucks his chin towards his chest. “I am.” A large part of him wants to blurt out that he’s found someone rather interesting, though it is easier to say nothing.
Finally, after an indeterminate amount of time that may have been five minutes or five hours, they all wind up in front of another nondescript, plain, institutional-grey door.
Sherlock snorts and John catches him in mid eye-roll. He smirks at his partner, caught out. “Enough catching up,” he announces.
As if that were the most ridiculous thing John’s ever said to him. John manages to stifle a very inappropriate grin by turning towards Mable and offering her a cuppa. She gives him a watery thanks and accepts a cup with cream, no sugar, thanks. He takes his own beverage to the sofa, since she planted herself in his chair seconds after flitting through the door.
Ophelia nods, but Sherlock still feels the need to explain. “I was afraid they would do something to you or that you would find out that it is my fault my sister was killed.”
“You were out walking, having just gotten home from work, and you weren’t wearing any socks?” John inquires.
Sherlock slowly shakes his head, sweat-dried curls rasping against the bed clothes. “Not now. Think about it, you’ll know.”
“John…” Sherlock lifts his eyebrows, using one hand to gesture at the woman as if pleading for John to make her, if not
“Let me see that,” John orders, standing up and moving behind the bench to get a better look—or as best he can in the almost-darkness.
John finally shuts him up by kissing him and pushing him up against the wall, burying his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. After that, there’s a solid half hour of silence broken only by panting and soft moans until Sherlock finally succumbs to the jet lag he’s managed to ignore and falls asleep stretched out over top of John, still in his shoes. John smiles to himself and lets Sherlock rest before closing his own eyes. He’s got a feeling that they are going to need the break.
John is now shaking his head whilst the large man beneath the scrawny bum of the older woman is simply lying there, staring at the ceiling.
John wonders if Sherlock is thinking the same thing he is: where is Penn? When his partner turns a cool, calculating expression to him, John understands instantly. The question has certainly been answered, but now is not the time to talk. He follows Sherlock’s lead and remains silent and they are both pushed into the back seat of an unmarked car.
“Let me out of here,” Sherlock growls between clenched teeth. There's dried blood down the side of his face and his clothes are wrinkled and tugged out of place.
John shrugs. Sherlock leads them past the kitchen, a staircase that he says leads up to the bedrooms, and down a rather longer hallway than seems possible. At the end of the hallway he stops and presses a switch on the wall. A bare bulb above their heads flashes feebly before finally coming on and lighting up what seems to be an entire wall made of canvas. John looks up at Sherlock, almost taking a step backward when he takes in the stricken expression on his face.
Sherlock goes gracefully to his knees and tips his head back under the spray. John inhales sharply and reaches for Sherlock’s shampoo. It takes him three rounds of sudsing and rinsing before he is satisfied that he’s removed any trace of dried blood and dirt, though in the back of his mind he suspects it only needed to be done once. Sherlock remains quiet and pliant, only replying to John’s gentle orders with “Yes, John.”
“Correct,” Mycroft says, his eyes on the tip of the umbrella as he twirls it lightly between his fingers. He looks up, allows enough unspoken words to pass between them then turns on his heel and leaves the room.
“Give it up, Sherlock. He’s way out of your league,” she mutters from where’s she stretched out on her back across the top of the back of the couch, one hand over her chest and the other one hanging loosely, fingers pointing towards the seat cushions.
? His ears catch the sound and he sighs deeply then returns all his attention to the buxom blonde, the banana, and the burro.
Sherlock and Sophie reappear about an hour later with Mrs. Hudson in tow. Somewhere along the line, she’s managed to finagle a basket lunch for all of them. She busies herself setting out paper plates and napkins for them, then a bunch of wrapped sandwiches and bags of crisps.
John tilts his chin curtly and checks that his gun is tucked in the waistband of his jeans. Sherlock holds up three fingers and reaches up to grab the ladder for the attic. Silently they count to three and he yanks on it. The ladder crashes open and there’s a muffled sound from upstairs. Sherlock starts to climb up then John jerks him out of the way and climbs up the three steps quickly, gun held out in front of him.
John then explained what had happened that afternoon, once Sherlock had returned to the palace, and Harry was nearly inconsolable.
“Please, just think in future. If it wasn’t for your Uncle Myc, you could have been dead in a ditch last week, and we wouldn’t have known. We can’t lose you, Rosie. Not after everything we’ve been through to get to where we are today.”
By all accounts, it was just another normal day in 221B Baker Street. With it being a weekday, the now 5 year old Rosie Watson was at school. John was doing some online banking (sorting out the movement of money into his and Sherlock's accounts from the payments they had received from private clients). Sherlock seemed to be doing some sort of experiment, but John hadn't been paying attention to his babbling. Sometimes, he could go out for hours, and come back, and Sherlock would still be babbling. It was quite comforting. And he had missed the constant stream of nonsense when he had been with Mary. Mary spoke quite a lot but it was always succinct and always needed an answer or an affirmation. John was actually fond of the babbling.
"You two. About time.", Molly smiled, making John grin in reply. In truth, John knew how much Sherlock had meant to Molly, and was slightly worried how she'd react when she found out.
They had been sat not even half an hour when the front door was answered to the criminal pair, and Sherlock’s eyes shot open. All of John’s irritations seemed to dissipate as he went into ‘Vatican Cameos’ mode, and he moved to Sherlock’s side, somewhat subconsciously, so that he was there in case anything was to happen. Greg and Mycroft were on high alert also. They all listened carefully to conversation:
“Sherlock, we live in London, which is always full of tourists. And, I think we could take Rosie with us. It’d be nice to get away for a bit as a family. It’d be nice. We could make a thing out of it.”, John said.
They arrived closer to the West Entrance and then hid again, in an even smaller space than they had been. John was pressed right up against Sherlock and was praying his body didn’t betray him at that inappropriate moment. John looked anywhere but Sherlock’s face, trying to act normal, but failing massively.
“Yes thanks, Dada. Did you have a nice time catching baddies?”, she asked, still not fully awake, rubbing her eye with one hand, and holding her hedgehog toy in the other.
“Molly is doing shepherd’s pie. It was deemed to easiest thing to warm up if we were going to be massively late.”, John told him.
Deciding against the long walk back to the house, the four of them climbed on a bus, which stopped a street away. John was in no condition to be walking for much longer, and (although John didn’t say that he was getting tired) Sherlock had noticed John’s tiredness and had suggested they take the bus. From the house, Sherlock drove the hire car to the station, so that the boys would have it to go home in, once the case had been wrapped up. Luckily, there didn’t seem to be any sign of Oliver when they got home, and John decided against mentioning it, not wanting to push it, as Sherlock had done well by opening up to him about it. The drive to the station was made in a comfortable silence, with Sherlock focussing on the road ahead, and John staring out of the window of the passenger seat, watching the city go by. It was nice to be in a big city that wasn’t London, for a change. Sherlock thrived in the cities, it seemed, but also enjoyed the peace of the country (even though he got bored more easily). Edinburgh was a gorgeous city, with its deep history and modernised areas being knitted together seamlessly. John appreciated being away from London with his family, even if the main reason was for a case. He hoped that, in the future, there would be more opportunities to travel and go away for a while. He was sure that the criminal classes could behave themselves for long enough to take Rosie to Disney for her third birthday, which had been an idea he’d had for a while, but had not been able to discuss it with Sherlock, due to the case.
“Well, my love… It seems that I owe you twenty quid.”, Greg said, as his partner snuggled closer to him.
“And he is just sat downstairs, drinking tea and smiling. How fucking dare he, Sherlock. You have a new life now. A family, even. You have a daughter. What does Mycroft think he’s doing bringing him here?”, John asked.
“That would be perfect, love.”, John sighed. He had closed his eyes and was resting his head on the back his chair.
On the day the cast list went up, John and Sherlock were sat in Greg's office, pouring over evidence for a case they were working on. John's phone started ringing, and he smiled, seeing it was Rosie.
"Rosie ran. All the way to the surgery. Shouted what had happened to the whole waiting room. She brought me to you."
On the rare occasion, where John was working, and no one else was available, Sherlock would step up to his role of Godfather, and look after Rosie for a few hours during the week. He actually found it fascinating to look after her, due to her being so young and still developing and learning.
“1. Yes, I did ask your Father to marry me, finally. 2. Yes, of course you be a bridesmaid again and wear a pretty dress. 3. Of course Scottie will be coming. 4. Auntie Molly is going to be a bridesmaid too, if she agrees (which I’m sure she will). 5. Finally, Gramps and Grandma would be very angry if we didn’t invite them. Of course, they will be there.”, Sherlock replied, sitting beside his daughter, before pulling her on his knee, and pulling John down to sit next to them.
“Anyway… Rosie. Why don’t you tell us something new that you have learnt today?”, Molly said, quickly trying to diffuse the tension. Rosie had been eating happily, until she had noticed that her Uncle’s attention was now on the strange man at the other end of the table.
The rest of that afternoon was spent in a pleasant silence, which was rare in the walls of 221B Baker Street. Often, there were buffs of boredom, shouting about cases or holes being blown into the wall with John's gun. Mrs Hudson was worried something was terribly wrong and even found herself missing the racket that usually floated down to her flat from the boys. It was in the silence that Sherlock appreciated John the most. As Sherlock worked at his experiment, John would hand him things he needed, without him needing to ask and every couple of hours and cup of tea or coffee would appear next to him, seemingly outbid thin air. John Watson had saved the life of Sherlock Holmes, the high functioning sociopath with a talent for solving difficult crimes and a habit of shooting up and getting high. But then Sherlock Holmes had provided sanctuary for John Watson. The soldier who never returned from the war found himself the perfect companion in the strange detective, getting the adrenaline kick and thrill he needed, all whilst finding himself happier than he had ever been. John Watson felt safe by Sherlock's side, even when they were running head-first into danger. The consulting detective was nothing without his blogger. And John's blog would be very mundane without his high functioning sociopath.
“John?” he asks, semi-hopeful, into the little room. His voice sounds strange, weak, insecure and for a moment he detests it, detests what’s brought him here.
“I said get out.” John doesn’t stop looking down at Sherlock, doesn’t take his attention from the man leaning back away from him almost against his will; that fact negates his words.
John can’t hear much with his head half-submerged, but the unmistakable rumble must be Sherlock’s answer; he’s right beside them, on the off chance Sophie might wobble.
“My team helped convict Daniel Hudson by providing the local police force plenty of evidence for said conviction. That being the case, I am on relatively friendly terms with the murder’s widow, Mrs. Martha Hudson.”
Sherlock looks over at him, shrugs then frowns. Before he gets the chance to say anything else, however, both men find their attention pulled to the house when another glass-shattering crack cuts clearly across the deserted yard. John is just beginning to consider the source of the sound, but, true to his inquisitive nature, Sherlock is already moving towards it.
“Sherlock.” John says and knocks his shoulder against his husband’s. They share a quiet two seconds.
John’s eyes shine and he blinks several times rapidly. “I don’t believe you’d ever sell me up the river that way, Sherlock. In fact, I don’t think you’ve ever done anything remotely like that since.” When Sherlock indicates John is correct, he continues, allowing his channels to open fully now. “Good then. We are on the same page. Tell me what we need to do next and then I’m for tea, alright?”
“Really, Mycroft? Now you’re going to pretend she’s here?” Sherlock opens his eyes all the way now, wincing in disgust at his well-groomed and perfectly dressed elder brother primly perched in the only other place left to sit in the room beside the bed.
“Do you mind?” Sherlock gestures towards Victor, who’s watching them both with an expression that wavers between concerned and amused.
“Sherlock!” Mrs. Hudson exclaims at his half-dressed appearance as if it is not practically a daily occurrence.
John growls some under his breath in relief or utter need, he’s not sure which, as he suddenly discovers that he’s being practically shoved up the stairs and then through their flat door, then he’s on his back and Sherlock’s kissing him within an inch of his life. And even though this is a really terrible idea, considering he’d been out cold less than five hours ago, the way that lithe body feels over him and around him and pushing him against the floor…none of that matters any more.
“ ‘ts not your car, Sherlock,” John admonishes, unlocking the door and starting up the steps. “Since it’s after seven, you want to do a takeaway?”
Sherlock answers after melding his front against John’s chest and slowly rocking his hips into the space between their groins.
“Young lady, I’ve no idea what you are thinking, forgetting to put your feet up! I’m sure John has told you a dozen times if not more that you’ve got to keep the circulation in your legs and it will keep your ankles from swelling.” She tries hard to sound so stern, but honestly, it doesn’t work at all.
“Fuck could you do that to me, Sherlock?” John whispers into the warm cycle of air passing between their lips.
Mycroft makes a rude noise through his nose without saying anything else but at least it stops Sherrinford’s rant filled with more information than John thinks he needs to know. He tries to ignore it in favor of the impression that there’s a long-standing argument here that seems just as fresh now as in the dusty mists of time.
The third man, well, he just closes his eyes and hopes that by pretending he saw nothing that it will be true.
Sherlock figures this must be some sort of record, because it took him at least a month to get under her skin so bad she wanted to take a swing at him. He has to remember to ask John about that.
“Quite right, John. Sometimes the best evidence comes from the victims. After all, they’re sort of there when it happens.”
John makes quick work of the facilities, flushes the toilet and washes his hands then splashes some cold water on his face. When he steps out of the loo, Sherlock is really dressed, the last few buttons on the too-big shirt done up and the tail of it tucked into the jeans that probably fit him best about ten years ago because they are so tight John can see
and they are both overwhelmed. They cling to one another, chest and hips pressing together, because this way even with their height difference, they are in perfect contact. Their hands roam over uncharted territory, finding and caressing scars and spots that make the other man sigh or moan.
So I bought myself a cuppa and I remember looking at the remaining quid and wondering what I was going to do with it. I stuffed it into my pocket and walked to the meeting place. A little while later, right in the middle of the crowd that just parted around us like water goes around a stone, on the street he’s showing me a photograph of the guy I’m supposed to look out for. I look up to him and into those funny-shaped and funny-colored eyes and he’s looking right back at me.
The pilot has heard very little of what went down in the past few hours, the only thing he knows for sure is that Martin is alive and having surgery to affix a plate and screws to his fractured fibula. Some sort of Special Team was called in and the man he’d seen in the guard shack shoveling grotesque orange crisps into his maw was taken away from the airfield in handcuffs, apparently screaming something about ‘Holmes brothers.’ Inwardly, Douglas shrugs. Having only known these people for what? Three? Four? Five days actually; he can’t say his life hasn’t been made more
“Good,” Barkley pats the back of Martin’s head roughly then leans back to inspect his handiwork. “You are a cute little bastard, it’s too bad I don’t swing that direction,” Barkley mutters as he tightens up the shoulder strap. “Well, it’s been a good day for me, I think I will be seeing you in a couple of hours when it is time for your act!” He starts to climb down, then hesitates and pops back up.
Sherlock looks from each boy to John and frowns, his brows knitting together. “And just what is so amusing, John?”
Wilson nods. “I’ll stay.” He thinks that's better, really, because if he gets his hands on House's neck right now, he'll probably throttle him.
“Aye, I’m glad you’re alright, Sherlock. John, it was good to meet you.” Victor offers a half-salute then turns towards the door. He stops with his hand on the knob, turning back to them by looking over his shoulder. “I wasn’t kidding about the ‘good show’ part, though….” he grins like a dog worrying a bone.
Sherlock doesn’t think that the human body is capable of clenching a fist that tightly, but he’s not about to inform John of that fact.
“Oh give it up you posh git. Millions of people wear those socks, they’ll keep your feet warm and dry whilst you frolic through the fresh fields of new grass.” John smirks, watching Sherlock wrinkle his nose at the six-pairs-for-five-pounds socks. John has been saving those for just such an occasion as this. Doesn’t hurt the consulting git to come down from his high horse once in a while. Besides, John’s no fool, he knows full well what’s going to happen to the rest of the pack, and really Sherlock doing experiments on socks is always better than a bored Sherlock. Bored Sherlocks can be dangerous to walls. And the sanity of John Watsons.
Sophie laughs, the bright sound of it reminding him where they are. “Daddy!” she calls out, patting her little hands on the surface of the water where it’s rippling from Sherlock’s dive. She clings to his arm as the long, lean figure of his partner cuts through the water like a shark, bobbing up right in front of Sophie. For dramatic effect, Sherlock blasts water towards the ceiling as he breaks the surface.
House sneers and for a split second no one moves. He seems to rethink his position, however, and eyes the three angry men staring at him. In a single motion, he cracks a boys-will-be-boys grin and holds his hands up high, palms outward. “Sorry.”
He flicks his tongue at Sherlock’s right nipple while at the same time squeezing with the fingers now wrapped back around Sherlock’s cock.
“Martin, the last time I saw you, you were six months old and I was twenty-one. Up until the day I left…for argument's sake, and there was a lot of them, let us just say I left to start my career…it was you and me, night and day.”
John drops into his chair at the kitchen table, rubs his temple with his hand and drums his fingers against the scratched, stained wood without registering the hills and valleys that have been carved there over time. Of course he cares for Sherlock, obviously they have a strong connection or the Link would not even be a possibility. The more John thinks about it, though, the more a pleasant warm humming seems to stretch along the metaphysical connection. John knows that he could close his eyes and almost be able to visualize where Sherlock is at present within a scant few degrees of error.
The sound is abruptly cut off as Sherlock Holmes glides through the room, taking in his friend’s cold shoulders from the way he’s got them hunched up and the ridiculous commentary on the television. The next time he runs into Mike…
The dog blinks up at him with blue eyes that are most certainly un-doglike and John can Feel the shapeshifter for what it is at the same time Sherlock bellows down their Link, :
Joseph snorts. He gets my joke anyway. Billy just frowns at me because he never gets my jokes. Which is really saying something, because he’s as British as me! “What?”
An ominous silence descends around them as what few birds and squirrels have been minding their own business about the park completely stop what they are doing; only then does John hear the long notes of a raptor’s cry as a huge black and white bird swoops down from the sky with the speed and intent of a freshly dropped missile.
John knows that look, now, however, and understands that beyond the slight flicker of fear in his lover’s eyes that Sherlock is working out what is happening, his mind as fast as ever despite the circumstances. For his part, John feels physically frozen, limbs and mind so heavy as to be almost numb.
I nod, but I still don’t really feel it. “Thank you,” I mumble as Nova sits up and blinks her ridiculous eyes at me.
When the urge to cry finally subsides, Martin takes a look around the tiny room. He doesn’t have his mobile; the doctor had been nice enough to allow him to use his. There’s nothing in here to read and he has no way of knowing if Sherlock’s just going to disappear again. Martin sighs, frustrated. Since he’s not allowed to go to sleep for a while yet, he can at least pass the time reciting airplane parts in his head.
John blinks up at Sherlock as he’s pulled to his feet from the cab by the arm. “Nice meeting you here.”
John moves his leg so that their thighs rest against one another and once again plays mute. When Sherlock is this frustrated, it’s better to stay out of the line of fire when he can avoid it.
“Yes, Sherlock, I would. I will. I explained why I was so hesitant, you accepted me…and now, what? Are you having second thoughts because of Toby? It’s fine. I…I understand…”
At some point, they have all asked each other what they think. Even Sherlock has nothing to say…yet.
“That is exactly why I need you on this case, Sherlock. He had six victims in total, four in Florida and two here in London. She is offering quite a substantial fee for your help.”
“There really isn’t much to tell. I went in blind, without guidance, without help of any sort and was immediately in over my head. The Moriarty siblings were trouble from the start, setting small fires all over the house and mocking me by using my own memories. Instead of thinking logically, I grew angry and thought only to show them I was more powerful. As I said before, I called on an exorcist, the man was an idiot and now I’ve been chasing the same pair of apparitions from house to house for the past seven years. They’ve even appeared on a couple of my cases for New Scotland Yard, though I can hardly tell anyone there how two dead children are able to coax people into committing terrible crimes.”
Leaning heavily on his cane where he stands in the clearing, John watches the Lynx gambol playfully through the trees and shrubbery, sunlight glinting off her golden fur as she moves in and out of the shadows cast by the ancient oaks. John is relieved to finally have a day where Toby can be herself for a little while after all she’s done for him; she’s barely left his side for a minute since he was shot, even demanding—and somehow getting—orders to be shipped back home with him. He has no idea how she managed that one, and honestly, probably doesn’t really want to know.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right. He’s watcha call, a…” she trails off for a few seconds, searching for the right word, “…Type A personality. Which, really, considering he built his business up from scratch himself is really to be commended, but, he likes to complain about his accomplishments as if they don’t really mean anything.”
John lets in room service, a young woman wearing a sharply-pressed uniform and pushing a silver serving cart. He is happy to see the tea pot and full complement of biscuits. There’s even a small glass jar of what looks to be honey.
Victor never takes his eyes off Sherlock, something John is quickly finding he doesn’t really care for too much. He sits up a little straighter in his chair, uncrossing his legs and planting his feet firmly on the floor beneath his chair.
Comes the answer from both of them simultaneously. John thinks that just maybe it’s better that way.
John hisses between his teeth, sure that Sherlock’s being facetious. He’d rather not insult the proprietor of the establishment knowing there’s probably nowhere else to stay for miles.
Mycroft misses it all because Sherrinford has now turned to face him fully. John can feel the tension suddenly spring up between them—the great Titans of the Holmes family. He closes his eyes and counts to three, concentrating on the weight of Sherlock on his lap. When Sherrinford speaks again, Sherlock relaxes against him and John can hear Martin exhale, as well.
The detective doesn’t answer and John doesn’t particularly like the heightened and annoyed sensations that their Link is giving off, so he thanks her and tells her how much that would be appreciated and quickens his steps to catch up with Sherlock before he disappears from view in the most polite manner he can pull off.
John inhales deeply, raising his chin. “Dammit, Sherlock!” He shouts and reaches out for Sherlock but aborts the movement when Sherlock winces, then he roars. “You see! This is why! Now you see what I really am! What my mistakes have cost….” He spins on his heels and heads towards the swinging door, pitching forward on his left leg and catching himself on his right before actually falling. “I can’t let there be a next time!”
John exhales and Martha picks up on the subtle tells the man truly thinks he hides from everyone. “I’m going to be alright, Mrs. Hudson.” There is a pause. “I’m sorry, could you hold on one second, please?”
Without another thought, Sherlock takes careful aim, hoping everything he’s read over the years is true:
Mable shakes her head to the negative as she steps gingerly down the stairs. John watches her until she’s out of sight, then after he hears the outside door open and close, he shuts and locks their door. He sighs and leans against it, still partially reeling from the orgasm earlier and the fact that he’s ninety-nine percent sure he’s headed for creating a Bond with Sherlock. That thought alone is almost enough to make him weak at the knees. He straightens up, double-checks the lock, gives the tea things a glance—they aren’t going anywhere—and heads towards the bedroom.
Sherlock doesn’t answer that, just steps into John’s space and starts walking him backward towards whatever convenient wall presents itself. He snags the back of John’s head with one hand and tilts John’s face upward in order to kiss him. Sherlock kisses John as if he’s dying, trying in his own way to erase the hurt he caused four years ago.
Watery moonlight is now peeking from between the clouds overhead, highlighting the rain-licked curls artistically flattened around Sherlock’s face. Even from where he’s standing, John can clearly see that his eyes are glittering with a thrill that he decides in that instant he wants to understand.
. He decides that there’s only one thing to do at this point, so he does it. He stays put right on the center of the sofa, sitting up straight with his hands together in his lap, an echo of the child still inside. In truth, he wants to start talking, to explain, again; to just do
him?' All night his dreams are haunted by laughing children, lonely old ladies and vivid green eyes staring right into his soul.
John leans forward from the waist where he’s standing with his hip almost resting against Sherlock’s shoulder, fingers deep in the ebony mess on Sherlock’s head, doing his best to probe gently for knots or contusions and not get lost in the way the lamplight of the sitting room shines on each glossy hair. At least that’s what he
In no time at all, Victor’s legs are tightly locked around Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock is balls deep inside of him. Within the rhythm of their bodies has also come a backbeat in their minds. Sherlock is focused on everything at once, while all Victor can concentrate on is the sharp, precise snap of the other boy’s hips against his own, the slap of sweating skin and the sweet taste of Sherlock’s mouth. He’s willingly opened his heart and his body to the young genius and now he does his best to force wide all of his Channels, the ones he’s still unsure even exist.
John stands and stares at the woman as his face flushes beet red. Everyone else looks away from her to where Adrian Monk is quietly perched on a metal chair with his hands duct-taped behind his back and looking none the worse for the wear.
John frowns, cocking his head to one side and pressing his lips tightly together. Studying the burly shifter in an attempt to figure out how best to bring him down doesn’t seem to be helping the situation any, so he switches to deciding how best to defend the three of them.
“Ow!” Sherlock whines, theatrically hopping on the foot he used to kick at the door. He pauses for a split second and changes sides, keeping one eye on John’s reaction when he does so.
“You know it. Until the all-clear is given, this is my office for the duration.” Greg takes a large bite out of the bun and closes his eyes in ecstasy at the sweet buttery flavor.
“Well, got a call from Mycroft about eighteen hours ago saying you two,” here Lestrade points to Sherlock and then John, “were over the other side of the pond working on a case and had a bit of trouble, then there were some airline tickets emailed to me and well, here we are.”
Ophelia has appeared in the kitchen in the meantime and now she floats behind her brother, her hands resting on his shoulders, tear-filled eyes watching every move John makes.
Sherlock settles them on his face with a nose crinkle and goes back to his reading. John lets out another sigh as he pops the case back into his pocket.
“I understand, Ms. Wright. Thank you for coming, I’m sure we can work something out. Would you like me to call you a cab?”
“I want you,” John growl-whispers into the reasonably cool air of the flat gone thick and humid around their bodies. There’s not a peep from Sophie’s bedroom; Sherlock’s body is tense with arousal, John’s not too far behind. “As decadent as this couch is, I really would prefer the bed tonight.”
On a giggle, Sophie says “Good Morning Just Martin.” She wiggles a little and since he’s already figured out that it means she wants down, he gently lets her back to the floor. “Daddy, Papa, Uncle Martin, I’m gonna go find Grammy Hudson. Kay? Bye!” she announces as she trots from the room. There’s a soft bang and a shriek as she bounces on Mrs. Hudson’s bed.
For forty-eight hours, John does not speak nor acknowledge anyone. He falls into a trance-like state and seems unaware of anything happening around him. Stymied, his attending physician admits him into a private room where he remains silent, machines beeping, reminding his heart to keep pumping, his lungs to keep taking in oxygen and the synapses in his brain to continue firing.
After a moment spent taking stock of himself, he turns to where Ophelia has gone quiet, one hand over her mouth. She’s levitating slightly, about a foot off the ground, her entire body trembling. Her eyes, so much like her brother’s, are moving back and forth at a rate that would astonish anyone not already familiar with the pair of them, a fact made more astonishing that she seems so much more solid to John right now than she ever has before. John can even make out tiny variations in her hair color, see a mother-of-pearl pink tint to her fingernails that he’s somehow never noticed.
John pushes his Union Jack pillow against the back of his chair and settles against it with a weary sigh. He assures himself that most of his channels are shut down before considering how their Link has come to mean to much to him—it’s become a comfort and he can’t think of a single way to ask Sherlock how he really feels about it. His thoughts trail about a little until he pauses on one of his current favorites, going to sleep with the Cat on his bed and waking up to the inevitable: one fully unclothed Sherlock, because, in his experience at least, shape shifters revert to their human form when they sleep deeply.
“Isn’t she great?” he asks Douglas as he watches the blonde girl walk away; Douglas answers with some sort of non-committal grunt that Arthur must take as affirmative.
“Edward Norton?” Mummy asks, rhetorically. She taps at her tea cup with a long, well-manicured fingernail. “Could you be referring to Eddie?” Tilting her chin, she indicates a tall, frail looking gentleman over in the corner. He is dressed in a WWII uniform, though Sherlock cannot make out the details.
Kidnapping. Oh god. Greg leans down and picks up the dog. The animal quickly relaxes against him, its little heart banging in his chest. He watches the red lights of the ambulance pull away and wonders what exactly is the best way to tell one of the most important men in the community that his baby brother has just been kidnapped by the very shifter—Greg’s almost ninety-nine percent sure on this point—Mycroft had it out with before. He opens his channels wide and prepares himself for whatever happens next. However, there's no hiding something like this, not that he'd even try...because if anyone has the ability to find Sherlock
He doesn't reply, only presses the button again then opens the top drawer of his desk and lays his own mobile down in front of him. Quickly, he scans through the three text messages from DI Lestrade and sends one back to him.
John regards her silently for a moment, so much like Sherlock that she almost asks him if he realizes he’s doing it. His expression changes rapidly from quiet contemplation to utterly sad and devastated. “You knew,” he rasps.
Okay. So I’m looking up and trying to decide what color they are, and then he’s talking to me. And it was about more than the guy I’m supposed to be watching out for, too. He says to me, and I swear he said it so low I almost didn’t hear it over the white noise of the crowd around us. When Sherlock Holmes talks low, it’s almost bloody
Sally stops directly in front of House’s desk, reaches over the keyboard and shuts the monitor off. (Granted, the sounds emanating from the speakers really are quite revolting.)
, he knows that this time it’s finally right. There’s no longer any hint of doubt in those sparkling emerald orbs. It seems like it’s been too long, not long enough and just right. There’s really nothing else to say so he grabs the back of Sherlock’s head and pushes their mouths back together. Idly, part of his mind wonders what the Bonding is really going to be like if things are this intense between them and they haven’t even taken their clothes off yet.
This job he's on right now, though, nothing out of the ordinary is happening. There’s hasn’t been even any creaks or thuds. Nothing. Nada. No objects being thrown, no weird entities busting through walls.
John blinks over at Sherlock, finding that he is rather cruelly amused that the detective is still in the room with him; cruel because surely he isn’t going to stay much longer. Fine, he thinks as he takes a deep breath and sets the coffee cup in his hand on the floor beside his leg. Deciding then and there that it’s best if he lays all his cards on the table, John opens his channels wide, closes his eyes and instead of Sending out a gentle probe towards Sherlock’s end of their Link, he blasts him with all the mental energy he can immediately sustain.
“Honestly, we don’t know. In fact, that’s why we ended up on a passenger airline in the first place. Apparently, Sherlock and his brother are in the middle of some new feud and Sherlock refused the charter jet we were supposed to be on…well, you’ve already heard that story.” He smiles.
Sherlock pushes back in his chair and reaches out for his partner, wrapping his long arms around John’s waist and reeling him in, then plasters his face against John’s only-slightly soft stomach and sighs. John knows he’s like a puppy with a bone and if he doesn’t get out of the house soon, there are going repercussions that aren’t going to pretty.
It’s been especially hard since Ginny had the baby, because I’ve not had too many people to talk to and I don’t like hanging around at Ginny’s flat today, either. It’s not that I don’t like the baby, I’m just not…well, right now I’m not much good to anybody.
He knows she feels it, too, when she hugs him tightly and says, “I’ve chosen quite the brood for myself, haven’t I, John?”
“So, where’s Trey, then?” John sets his now-empty wineglass on the floor in order to shuffle around a bit. He’s tired and his shoulder is beginning to ache.
“Actually, no, John, I’ve got another meeting with the SheWolf," he mutters, sad to be missing out. "I mean, my wonderful employer. I was supposed to meet her an hour ago to let her know if I had any idea when I’m going to be released. I’ll catch up with you at some point. Alright, Martin?” he asks, seeing the look in Martin’s eyes. “You’ll meet her soon enough, I reckon.”
Mycroft leans down this time, placing a soft kiss into the riotous mess that Sherlock’s hair has become with no attention paid to it in the last two days. For a few precious seconds, the present falls away and the years of antagonizing each other are as if they’ve never been. It isn’t enough, though, to bridge the wide canyon between them…it never really is.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft clears his throat. Sherlock doesn’t look at him but continues to peel his egg, one anally retentively tiny piece of shell at a time so that there’s an almost obscene tearing noise as it comes away from the egg. “This was not meant to be a working holiday.” The egg shell peeling is getting on his nerves, but he’ll never let on.
House stares at John. Sally stares at House. Greg stares into his coffee while James stares at all of them and wonders what type of rabbit hole he’s fallen down since this morning.
Sherlock cocks an eyebrow in John’s direction as he very indelicately slurps up a noodle, only a little surprised at the strong emphasis John can so easily put individual words in his Mindspeech, something Sherlock has always struggled to do. Vaguely, he thinks that he’d like to hear a dozen different versions of his name in both Mindspeech and conversation, especially in the darkness of his bedroom…
Sherlock stands but makes no effort to disrobe. Victor frowns down at him and Sherlock makes a mental note of the three and one half inches that separate them in height. “Tell me what you know.” Surely, he thinks, Victor will fail at telling Sherlock anything about himself and he can go back to his research.
For a few heartbeats, John is so sure that Sherlock’s been lying to him that it takes all his willpower not to go right back out the way they came in, and maybe just keep going. Instead, he thinks about it again and moves to stand beside Sherlock after grabbing his dressing gown off the back of the couch and handing it to him. If anyone were to walk in, John would prefer that their sitting room didn’t look like they are about to have an orgy. A thousand questions flit through his mind, though he remains silent when Sherlock Sends Trust and a request for his patience.
John, who has just returned to the room from the kitchen, has both hands wrapped around a tea tray on which he’s balanced their tea kettle, three cups, sugar, cream and a small plate of biscuits. He sighs as he places the tray on the coffee table, then Sends Sherlock a little bit of affection in an attempt to calm his nerves, which he’s sure are stretched about as thin as they generally may be expected to go before he snaps and begins deducing things about her she’s probably not prepared to share.
“It goes around from there,” Sherlock points, gently rolling Maya to her side with gloved hands, “to there.” He stops, allowing John to soak it in. “On both of them.”
“John, what are we doing?” John’s fingers are slowly massaging his scalp and he thinks he better get the question out before he turns into a pile of goo.
John understands the expression plastered on Douglas’ face all too well. It is the look of a man who fell so hard and so fast that he’s had absolutely zero chance to analyze it. John saw it on his own face in the mirror so many times in the first few months of his acquaintance with Sherlock that it gives him a strong sense of kinship with the other man.
Around three AM, John is awoken by the gentle press of lips against his neck. He stays still for a moment, waiting to see what Sherlock is going to do, liking the feel of that mouth against such a vulnerable part of his body. Sherlock plants four kisses on one side of John’s neck and four on the other side. John knows that somehow they are all perfectly spaced and equidistant from each other on both sides. He smiles into the mostly-darkness of a London before dawn and whispers, “I’m sorry.”
Apparently, all three men saw the shine of the hypodermic needle at the same time. John twists away from her, Sherlock rushes towards her with his hands outstretched and Greg lunges for her arms. The three of them go down in a heap.
John’s voice cracks through the air like a whip. The screaming stops, yet the detective-y staring continues. From both the consulting one and the actual, you know, one.
My apologies for taking so long with this chapter. These boys wouldn't behave: this is the second rewrite and third setting change, but I do believe it's finally making sense.
"I will take the case, Greg. However, you can't stop me from arguing with my brother about this. I know you have given him grief about it already, but I need to do this. He has done this too many times. He thinks he can just put us all at risk whenever he chooses, and he isn't going to be doing it anymore. I'm going to make sure of it. I thought he would be better after how much he messed up with Eurus, but clearly not.", Sherlock said, in a calm manner, but there was fire behind his eyes.
The Holmes boys took the lead in the briefing of the Brown couple, which didn’t take as long as John had thought it would, with the Browns being more than willing to do as they had been asked and help the police in tracking their son-in-law down.
John then slipped into unconsciousness, as he was taken towards the ambulance outside and Sherlock melted, sobbing into his brother’s chest, Mycroft’s arm protectively around his little brother. Greg was torn. The situation itself gave him the feeling that he may cry too but the affection between the two brothers made him want to smile. John was taken to the hospital, with Sherlock following in the car, whilst Mycroft and Greg finished up with the investigation. Sherlock didn’t make any noise but the tears still rolled down his cheeks as he sat beside John’s bedside. He felt awful. He knew John would have been angry with him for the sudden loss of his company the previous night. And the fact that Sherlock hadn’t offered up any explanation. The appearance of Oliver had thrown him massively. The last time they had seen each other, hadn’t exactly gone well. Sherlock had been so young. He was barely 23. But, he had found a safe haven with Oliver. They had been together for a while. In fact, he knew that Sebastian Wilkes had always been good friends with Oliver and had found himself surprised when Oliver wasn’t mentioned when they had gone to the bank. He had been grateful that he wasn’t mentioned though. Mycroft had never approved of Oliver but had seen how happy his brother had been so didn’t say anything. Things changed in their relationship when Sherlock was in his final year of University… Oliver had got in with a new crowd. He’d started taking drugs so Sherlock did too. He was imprisoned and Sherlock was nearly too, until Mycroft intervened. Mycroft had nearly found Sherlock dead that day, high as a kite in a drug den, lay in his own vomit and other bodily fluids. Sherlock had then been kept way from Oliver, which he hated Mycroft for. The last time they saw each other had been painful. It turned out that Oliver, in the two weeks that Sherlock hadn’t seen him, hadn’t just been with someone else, he had, in fact, got married. His mother had made him, it had seemed, to clean his act up and get him straightened out, quite literally. Sherlock was heart-broken and had declared himself married to his work, from that moment.
“Dad, I’m sorry… I wasn’t thinking. I know how much worry I put you through last week. I am sorry.”, Rosie apologised to John.
“Nothing in particular, Sherlock. Don’t worry your pretty, curly, little head about it.”, John told him.
Realisation dawning on Sherlock’s face, which made John even more confused, Sherlock looked on the verge of tears as he asked, “Greg… Where is Rosie?”
“Mycroft was informed and then it was a case of damage control. There had been witnesses to her attacking me and anyone with eyes could have seen that I didn’t enjoy her kissing me. Irene was escorted to the police station, where she currently is, and I came back here. One of her family members came to collect her things. It was her cousin. A James Moriarty. He kept apologising, profusely, but it wasn’t right. It didn’t seem right. Anyway, I deduced that this had been their plan ever since Irene had received her letter and that he was the one who orchestrated the media being involved. He was taken away to join his cousin. I wanted them out of the way before you came back. I knew you would do something you would later regret if I didn’t keep you away from the situation. And I couldn’t lose you. I just couldn’t, John. I know it is selfish, but I can’t lose you.”
“Oh, right, erm… Well done on the deduction Rosie, but that was a bit mean and not everyone wants to know that you can see their deepest, darkest secrets. You must tell me how you saw it though.”, Sherlock told the child.
“Not properly, no. There was, of course, The Woman. And Janine. But they were just for a case. I’m not sexually attracted to women in any way at all.”, Sherlock replied.
"We're good, yeah. Had a meeting with the adoption agency yesterday and it's all looking good. They've found us a little boy. He's 2.", Greg smiled, as he sat down next to John, Mycroft sitting next to his husband, on the other side.
Life in Baker Street was perfect, and Sherlock found that he could work on a case and look after and teach Rosie at the same time. She was fascinating to him. Just the way that she looked at the whole world with wonder, as though everything was amazing. Of course, Sherlock knew the harsh reality, and that was not the case, but it inspired him to look for the best in people, rather than the worst.
“Not a word, Brother Mine, or I will get John to break every bone in your body, whilst naming them.”, Mycroft warned.
The phone call from Sherrinford, which was explained to her at a later date, where Sherlock apologised profusely for any distress it had caused her, was tough. But after the full explanation of what had happened, from Greg (who had heard it straight from Mycroft), Molly couldn't help feel her heart break a little bit for the youngest Holmes brother. She knew that, if she had been targeted then it must have been bad. After all, Moriarty hadn't deemed her important enough when he had snipers aimed at those closest to Sherlock, but as least that worked to their favour. It meant that she had been able to help him.
Once they got over the initial embarrassment, the four men said their goodbyes to the girls, all four of them getting big cuddles off Rosie, and headed out. They all climbed in the hire car, which Mycroft was driving, and headed off to the Brown’s house for the first stage of their plan.
The pavement, where Sherlock had cut his side, was red with blood, and John had to swallow down the vomit that began rising, as he thought back to last time he had been sat next to Sherlock, as his blood pooled around him. No. He shook his head. He couldn't think like that. He had to stop the bleeding. He pulled Sherlock's coat and scarf off, discarding the coat to the side, so he could access the wound more easily, before putting pressure on it, to stop the bleeding, using Sherlock's scarf to do so.
“Okay, Sherlock… It seems you were right. We have a lead on a pair – both ex-convicts – who were given a tip off about an exceptionally wealthy man, who has a safe. It turns out that Mr Daniels did have a safe, but inside there was only papers about his life insurance, which was a hell of a lot of money, mind you. For a start, there would not be any money in the safe, because he was infamous for not keeping any money on him, for precisely the reason that he doesn’t want to be robbed.”
Breakfast was a quiet affair, with the group sitting around the table, all eating toast (as that was all they could make with what food they had in) and drinking tea and milk. Greg filled them in, as they were finishing up, on what they were to expect that day, before John washed up whilst Sherlock got himself and Rosie dressed, and the other three got washed up and dressed. Sherlock left Rosie with Molly, who was ready for her day of shopping and babysitting and began to get ready himself. John had finished washing up so also went to get ready. When he opened the bedroom door, he found a half-naked Sherlock.
The cold summer night air bit at their faces as the pair watched police officers running around, trying to get everything ready for the rescue.
“No, never say that, Sherlock. Of course, she is your daughter. That’s not what I meant, at all. I meant that she loves you to pieces and I am so lucky that I have the pair of you. When we first got together, I was worried. I knew that Rosie loved you as Uncle Lock, but I wanted her, so desperately, to love you as Pa. I didn’t want her to resent you for not being Mary.”
"Where is your Pa? I thought science was his thing.", Kitty questioned. All they heard was John laughing from the living room.
“I’m so sorry, Sherlock… I hit you, too. I kicked you when you were down. I abused you too. So why did you forgive me? Especially after what you had already been through?”, John asked, tears threatening to fall.
“Because Mary told me to. She said I could. And she was right. I found that I could forgive him. I couldn’t let him win. After everything he has done. He didn’t deserve to win. I won’t let him hurt me any further by me getting upset or angry at what he’s done.”, Sherlock explained.
"So, there is this group... They're taking kids. And then a week after they go missing, they turn up dead, all having been raped post-mortem. Most of them are so mutilated that they can only be identified by their teeth records. There have been seven kids now.", Greg explained.
After some time, John came around a little, and insisted that he was fine to go back to the house the next day, as he had his arm in a sling, the wound was dressed and he could take painkillers himself. The doctor on his case wasn’t exactly thrilled at first but once Mycroft intervened everything was fine. The two criminals, it seemed, were confined and were awaiting questioning. The Browns were fine, after being a little shaken at the state of their living room and because of the whole ordeal.
Janine, Henry, and Sally all decided to go home, too. Even though Sally hadn’t had a chance alone with the Prince, she knew that John Watson would be who the Prince chose, and didn’t want to get in their way. They all left the room to collect their things so they could leave within the hour.
Out of spite, one day, when Sherlock had endured the torture of watching the man he loved getting married to another person, and then not seeing his best friend for too long, he got rid of John’s armchair. He claimed, both to Mrs Hudson and his brother that it blocked his view to the kitchen. They both knew the real reason as to why it disappeared. Sherlock couldn’t bear staring at an empty chair anymore. He would rather look at a completely empty space. At least, then, no one could sit in the chair when it should have been John who was sitting there.
Little Rosie was then born. Despite the fact that he made out that he didn’t care about the child, she held a special place in his heart. She was a little version of John and Mary in one. And, as much as tried, Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to dislike Mary. He knew that Mary knew that he loved her husband, but she never once used it against him in any way, nor did she cut John off from him. For that, he was grateful.
"Coming, Lockie!", he heard, before the little girl thundered down the stairs, already wearing her shoes and jacket.
“So, Daddy… Did Papa finally ask you to marry him? Can I be a bridesmaid again with a pretty dress? And can Scottie come too? With Auntie Molly? And Gramps and Grandma?”, she reeled off, gaining a large smile from her Father’s.
“I’ll just be a minute.”, Sherlock said, as he knelt beside Oliver’s body. Greg just nodded and told himself he wouldn’t let the team in until Sherlock was out.
“I have my ways…”, Greg told him, a glint in his eye. Anthea, having been worried for her boss, had agreed to text Greg updates. “Anyway, are you coming? I’ve booked us a table for 8. It probably isn’t what you’re used to, but it’s my favourite place.”, Greg told him opening the passenger door of his six-year old Audi, which had definitely seen better days.
Throughout the whole time the others were talking, Sherlock’s fingers traced patterns along John’s shoulder, as they sipped at their tea. John had been so worried about what had happened. And he knew Sherlock knew that. The comfort that he was getting, just by Sherlock being there next to him, was more than he could have ever dreamed of.
"Sherlock... Rosie is fine. And I know. Because I felt all of that too. I had to do everything in my power to stop myself from putting my fist through that bastard's face, for hurting those gorgeous kids.", John replied, holding onto Sherlock tightly.
"Ready to go?", Sherlock asked, as he came back into the living room. He had been loading boxes onto a van they'd hired.
"I'll go.", John said, pulling away and leaving so quickly that it made Sherlock have to think about whether John had been there at all, nearly kissing him, or whether his vivid imagination was running away with him.
John spent their last wedding anniversary together smiling. As did his husband. They had Rosie, Greg, Mycroft and Molly over, where they enjoyed a meal together. Rosie had taken so many pictures. She had started doing it as soon as her Pa had been diagnosed. She wanted to keep his last days documented forever.
“So, we go to the in-laws today, and fill them in before seeing where we can hide whilst the pair appear. How much time do we leave before we jump out on them after they arrive?”, John asked.
Sherlock Holmes never got ill. In fact, he prided himself on his robust immune system. However, after one particular case, where Sherlock had been plunged into the Thames by a person who had murdered their wife, in December, he was not well.
“You may be, but John isn’t.”, Oliver smirked, causing Sherlock to place his hand on John’s knee and squeeze, which seemed to come as a comfort to him, as he glared at Oliver too.
The strange wizarding world intrigued Sherlock to no end, it seemed. John came home from running errands, on more than one occasion, to find Sherlock reading ahead in the book he was on with Rosie.
John was amazed at how touchy-feely Sherlock could actually be. When they had first met, Sherlock had barely looked at John. John had always fought for Sherlock’s attention, with crime solving taking the number one spot in Sherlock’s life. Now, it seemed as though crime solving was on the back burner. Sherlock was no longer shooting walls or yelling when he didn’t have a case. Instead, he would quietly occupy himself with other things. He would play with Rosie. Or, he would read something that would widen his knowledge. Or, he would find something else to occupy himself with whilst John pottered around the flat and Rosie played or napped.
Rosie picked up her pink pencil (the colour not going unnoticed by her Papa) and began to write her name with the upmost concentration written on her face, her tongue sticking out of the side of the mouth as she formed the shapes to create the letters of her name. Sherlock and John watched on in awe. It had been heard of for more advanced children to be able to talk from a fairly young age but their little girl could not only read simple books, but could also write her name. A lot of four-year- old children couldn’t manage that task, and Rosie would be two months away from turning two, when they got back to London.
Four months later, Sherlock and John were back in the auditorium, ready to watch Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. Except, this time, they were joined by Sherlock’s parents and Mycroft and Greg. Rosie wasn’t with them. That’s because Rosie was sat patiently back stage, waiting for her turn to shine.
"Nothing wrong with that, chick. You should see him now. I wouldn't say no.", John chuckled, making Rosie giggle. Sherlock frowned, however.
“She certainly would make a good politician. She is a star, though. And one of my favourite students. She keeps everyone else in line.” Molly replied, with a smile.
Rosie just grinned before running out of the kitchen door to the garden, Bilbo, her hedgehog, in tow as she sang happily to herself.
“You know, what, Greg… I haven’t actually seen Mycroft drive since I was about 14. He came home from Uni in a banged-up Ford capris… He took me for a drive.”, Sherlock told the Detective Inspector.
Greg went back to reading his book and Molly sat dozing in the chair, so hadn’t seen any of the exchange. Greg knew he’d have to fill her in on Mycroft’s plan if things were going to work out as they’d planned, but he’d have to do that once the case was over with and the Baker Street Boys weren’t around.
“Ok, but you literally freeze around him, Sherlock. That’s not you. And it’s not what people normally do around exes. What happened?”, he asked.
"So, Sherlock... You saw it. The lads down at the Yard reckon it was someone close to the family.", Greg explained.
“You are her Dad, you know. And she loves you. She was just saying that to get the biggest reaction out of us.”, John said, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck.
“Those two have had a bet on. Mycroft bet we would get together before Christmas.”, John informed him.
“She’s not alone, though, John… He took Molly too. He must have drugged her whilst she was asleep because she would have made noise and struggled. We would have heard her.”, Greg commented.
One day, Sherlock was stood at the window, half hanging out of it as he smoked, when John turned up. He was on his own.
“To the parents of Smith’s second wife, we believe; she died in a car accident. They live in Edinburgh. They have already been told to be expecting us, and to not tell the pair that the police know they’re going there.”
Rosie was been dropped off the next day, after she had been taken to school in her Uncle Mycroft’s sleek car (which had made her the talk of her class) and then picked up in a police squad car by her Uncle Greg (making a lot of the mum’s at the gate swoon at the sight of the silver-haired fox). As soon as she saw her Dad and Papa she knew something was different and produced a grin that reached her ears.
Sherlock’s ears pricked up at the sound of his daughter’s cries and he and John began running to the small figure, who was now running towards them.
“And where do you think you’re going, young lady?”, John asked Rosie, as she tried to sneak down the stairs.
They wandered around the park for a while, and Rosie was let lose onto the play area, as John and Sherlock sat on a bench close-by, to keep an eye on her.
John Watson was led, almost blindly, as his daughter pulled him along behind her Papa’s coffin. John had hoped, all of those years before, that he would never have to go through that grief again. He was wrong. He wanted to hate Sherlock for leaving him behind again, but he found that he couldn’t. It was a nice enough day, luckily. It wasn’t wall to wall sunshine, but it wasn’t trashing it down either. Rosie wasn’t crying. In fact, she had yet to cry. John clung to her, like she was his lifeline. In a way, she was. She seemed to have grown up so fast. 20 years old… Time had flown by. And John couldn’t believe Sherlock wasn’t there to see how she had blossomed. In his final few months, Sherlock Holmes had refused treatment. The cancer was incurable, so he had taken the decision to live a more fulfilling life, rather than a longer, drawn out one. The doctors said he wouldn’t reach his 15
Both men reached a crying Rosie, to find the constable doing everything she could to try and stop her crying.
"It's just awful, isn't it? I mean, why would anyone rape a recently dead body, that hadn't even had time to go cold yet.", John pondered aloud.
A year had passed since the passing of his wife and, although it still hurt every time he looked at Rosie, it had become slightly more bearable. John had graciously declined Sherlock's offer to move back into Baker Street, with his habits not being appropriate for a child as young as Rosie to witness or be around, but he did still spend half of his time there. Due to the troubles with Eurus, and the importance of the case to the British Government, John no longer needed to work, as he had all his expenses paid for by Mycroft's team. Although, John knew this was not standard practice and that it was the work of Mycroft, as an apology for being so rude, so that Sherlock would want to shoot Mycroft and not John, when the issue arose.
“John… Oh my God, John… PARAMEDIC!”, Sherlock panicked, shouting and trying to get to him, but was struggling due to the ribs (that he was sure were broken) hurting.
John Watson climbed the stairs to 221B as though his legs were made of lead. Chasing criminals around London was exciting and thrilling, but when the adrenaline wore off, and all he was left with was tiredness that settled in his bones, he was not exactly the happiest or chirpiest person on the planet.
"Be nice, John. He's only just got used to Doctor Who. We can't expect him to know what Shrek is yet.", Greg chuckled.
Rosie looked to the living room and found her Dad and Pa were embraced, having a moment. They both had their arms wrapped around each other’s waist and had their foreheads resting together. Rosie smiled. After all this time, it was still sweet to see her dads in that way.
“Anyway, boys… Are we thinking this room, then? It’s not like we’ll exactly run out of books to read whilst we wait, will we?”, Greg asked, sitting in one of the armchairs by a fireplace, which was not lit with it being the height of August.
“Everyone else has gone. It’s just us.”, she told him, as she sat down next to him and snuggled into his side.
"Why does any criminal do what they do, John?", Sherlock asked, which was unusual. Usually, Sherlock would not be able to begin to comprehend the mindset of another person, or consider their circumstances, and there he was doing what John thought he was incapable of, which made John's heart ache for him even more.
“Truly, John,” he states, opening the book to the index. “There isn’t anything in particular I am searching for. The idea was for you to read it and give me a summary of what’s in it. Not that I don’t already know that,” he bluffs, “but I wanted to hear it in your words.”
(I could make all kinds of innuendos here, but I feel sorry for Mr. Thompson; the poor man’s got enough problems without a perverse narrator making fun of him!)
“Oh yes,” John half-mutters as he cants his hips upward, even harder now beneath Sherlock’s palm. “Only, though, only if you are sure.”
. And if he, too, whispers those three words into the soft matt of curls beneath his chin, then really, no one could ever hold it against him.
Sherlock merely quirks his left eyebrow and continues to stare at John as if he’s some new insect species heretofore unknown to science. As if sensing he’s not going to get much from the other man, he drawls, “And the reason for your visit to Mrs. Norton is?”
John clearly hears the unspoken sir at the end of that statement. He ignores it and rummages in the little fridge for a bottle of grape juice.
Mycroft startles ever so slightly and his fingers seem to reach out of their own accord. “I felt that this time. Is she near?”
But Sherlock isn’t asleep, he’s merely shut himself down in order to listen to every breath being drawn through John’s chest.
“Another note from Monk’s kidnappers,” Lestrade says with a nod in Captain’s direction. He switches his cup to his left hand and turns his wrist over. “According to that note, we are to meet them in the basement of this hospital at half past three, so that gives us about fifteen minutes, I think.”
Sherlock opens his eyes very, very slowly and takes in his very best friend. In the dim light from the window, his irises are almost feline. Even more slowly, he drops his left hand down to the floor; long, thin fingers run under the edge of the couch in order to bring forth a small, leather-bound notebook. “You can say
Sherlock starts to speak until John makes a fraction of a sound, pulling all of Sherlock’s attention back to him. When it seems John is going to remain quiet, Martha points to the other chair in the room.
Under his hands, Sherlock lets loose another long sigh, but this time it’s much less overly dramatic and a lot more relaxed, grounded. John adjusts his stance so that he might knead Sherlock’s shoulders; Sherlock groans softly at the contact.
John watches every single movement of his hands, his concentration broken when Molly sighs and crosses her arms over chest. She’s not yet wearing her lab coat over her russet jumper and khaki trousers, since her shift technically doesn’t start for another thirty minutes or so. John offers her a smile, hoping to soothe ruffled fur.
The gray-haired man beside her rests his arm on her shoulders and regards the teenager who is still leaning away from them. “We would never turn her away.”
A bone saw perhaps? He starts towards it, but Sherlock makes a clucking noise with his tongue. He’s on his knees working his lock picking set into the first padlock. In no time at all, he’s got three of them off and is working on the fourth when the person in the box begins banging on the top of it. Sherlock starts talking.
“Ha!” The detective interrupts him. “You said ‘should,’ John. Come on, you’ve wanted to try it before. Now’s the perfect chance. If you can’t, so be it, but if you’re able, then Victor and I can go on ahead.”
For the first time since they started testing all of this out, Sherlock Receives them, and though they are a bit weak, only pale imitations of the real thing, he takes their meaning and pushes Victor down onto his back. He swings his leg over Victor, effectively straddling him so that they can grind against each other.
In lieu of an answer, however, Christopher holds up the bags. “I grabbed her some clothes, but I wasn’t too sure about the under-things, you know.”
Sherlock’s eyes close, dark eyelashes fanning against skin flushed pale rose. “Would it hurt you if I said I need time?”
Sherlock says nothing, else, however; the tightness in his jaw as he glances about again gives John the impression that he’s tightly reining himself in. With a curt nod, he stalks towards the back of the place.
just a nightmare. Something else happened tonight, something unquantifiable. On John’s first shout, Sherlock shifted and approached the bed as calmly as possible. It was when he touched John’s shoulder in the hopes to give him a bit of comfort, or grounding or whatever…the feeling that their Link was a physical thing being pulled taut over an uncountable distance started in the back of Sherlock’s mind and he was yanked along until the pressure was too much and there was little choice but to Look.
Martin, completely dumfounded, hugs the little girl back. His life has changed so much today that he is overwhelmed. Sophie pulls back and touches his cheek, then brings her wet finger up to get a better look at it.
(How long does it take to fly across the Atlantic anyway? That would not work, though. The best tequila is from Mexico.)
Grant’s largest gamble to date has been a whirlwind romance six months ago that resulted in him marrying the man he thinks of as his very best friend and more, Victor Trevor-Monroe. As far as gambling goes, he believes that this very singular action taken by himself has resulted in a landslide of winnings: a wonderful partner who is attentive without being overbearing, certainly attractive with a winning personality, someone who is satisfied to accept Grant as himself and has never tried to change him. Grant appreciates people like this, people who, like himself, tend to lean towards the factual things in life rather than the hyped-up opinions of others.
(Yep, that eye fucking thing again. Good thing it doesn’t really produce orgasms…because the floor of the set of 221B would be flooded with…well,
Once again, Victor laughs out loud. “Come on, I’m sure you take a run with your friends loads of the time!”
John moves towards the plane cautiously. The ginger wingwalker is slumped against the instrument panel, a light trickle of blood dripping from his ear. Behind him is a man who John thinks is the pilot, wearing a pair of overlarge goggles and a leather helmet of some sort.
“Come on little puddy cat, wanna play?” the Were grins wickedly, his tongue resting against his top teeth, drawing attention to the one in the middle that’s cracked.
Barkley swings the bat over his head then drops it to the tile with a thud. He leans on it, strongly reminding John of Mycroft and John laughs. He’s gotten so used to finding humor in the worst possible times and places that he no longer question the knee-jerk reaction.
Sophie stares at him a little harder, doing an excellent impression of him scanning someone from head to toe. Finally seeing the right answer, she squeals.
“Well, Mr. Richardson, I do believe it says that you’ve found what was missing,” a deep tone echoes his.
The detective is silent for a moment, his sharp eyes on the plane. Yes, he sees it, but there’s no way that it’s possible. He grunts and doesn’t answer, just kneads at John’s bad shoulder.
“Fine.” She drops her hand to the arm of the chair and pulls her legs up beneath herself. “You woke up and asked me what I was doing here. I said I was keeping an eye on you and you…” she pauses to take what seems like a reassuring breath. Her blue eyes flick to his face then to the ceiling and back again. “You asked me if I had anywhere else to be.”
Twenty minutes later, John stands in front of the opaque glass doors that lead to an Olympic-sized inground pool. He grasps the handle but discovers that he can’t twist it and it isn’t due to any problem with the door itself. Another scene at another pool that must have happened in someone else’s lifetime jumps to the front of his mind. John stays there for a moment, his sweaty fingers against the cold metal, trying to control his breathing. He hasn’t had a panic attack in so long that he’d hoped maybe they no longer would happen to him.
Neither is making the man go out into the sunshine for a little while, either. “Nope! No you don’t, Sherlock!” John grabs the detective’s shoulders and hauls him into a sitting position as he starts to dramatically swoon backwards again, shoving hard on his back to force him to his feet.
“I’ll leave the kettle, when you two are finished, just leave it there. After you go and talk to Grant and Victor, come on back and I’ll set you up for the night.”
“Well,” he says, standing and smoothing out his clothes. “I do believe that is all I needed to know. Incidentally, I left a file with your landlady for whenever you get a chance to look at it.”
“In a word, I’d say it is ‘close-knit.” Douglas tells him as he rests his arm on the back of Martin’s chair.
Mycroft digs around in his coat pocket until he finds a slightly folded up piece of paper. He holds it out towards Sherlock who takes it and spreads it out on the conference table.
Once again, Sherlock smirks, enjoying this game. John tunes back into their client, who has been completely oblivious to any of the unspoken conversation.
“I’ll make sure John gets fed,” Sherlock quips as he sweeps towards the exit after putting Sophie down on the floor. She narrows her eyes at him and climbs right back up onto the sofa bed with Martin.
Sherlock snorts. “Near enough.” Ophelia flips him the bird and does her best impression of Mycroft’s weary expression at the same time.
“Yeah, them?” Inquires the little girl in the red night gown standing next to him, her tiny hand curled into his larger one.
Together they manage to get out of the cab without injuring themselves or anyone else. Sherlock’s barely left enough space between them to take the five steps, seven in John’s case, from the kerb to the glossy black door. Once there, Sherlock presses his chest against John’s back while John fiddles with the handle. John’s imagination is on fire, picturing all too clearly everything those tight jeans aren’t concealing. It’s not difficult, considering the heat that’s pouring from Sherlock’s front onto John’s back. Next thing he knows, there’s a very hot, very wet tongue lapping at his ear…
Of course the universe just wants Sherlock to be wrong once in a while, so as if to put a full stop on that statement, a deep rumbling sounds out from behind him and his eyes widen. Sherlock rushes forward and John catches him. Sherrinford clutches at Douglas and the four men drop to the ground.
: John Sends regret through their Link, knowing full well that the detective will ignore it at this point; nevertheless, he makes an honest attempt.
“She wants you,” Christopher states, slipping down of the bed and gesturing for John to come closer. He only moves away from his sister a fraction to allow the older man near.
Sherlock acknowledges them all, one by one, taking note of the name badges his subconscious has chosen to add to their clothing, the styles of which span decades. He weaves between them, finally stopping in front of a stately, elegantly attired white haired woman. Her name badge has two sets of numbers written on it: her birthdate and the day she died. Two important times Sherlock knows so well he doesn’t really need to see them.
“My God! It’s no wonder you Americans have to go around looking for crimes where there are none! You asked for help reading clues! How can I read clues when you haven’t left me any?” Sherlock has worked up to full out tirade mode now. He paces from one end of the box-like morgue to the other.
Sherlock moves swiftly to his side. “I’ll give you anything, John. I’ll give up the work, John. I’ll buy us a house in Sussex and stop chasing criminals and live the rest of my life studying bees. If you don’t like bees, we’ll raise orchids and roses or something, please, I’ve always wanted a Venus flytrap, but God, John, I need you to understand how sorry I am. I am so, so sorry and I don’t know how to make it up to you. I understand if you want to leave Baker Street, the flat will have too many bad memories but I can’t see myself living anywhere else. Of course, right now there are some who still believe me to be dead…but please, John. Please, I am sorry.”
“Thank you, Gregory.” Mrs. Hudson pushes through carefully, pausing a moment to take in the scene in front of her.
to report it. It was my choice, though he felt, as a doctor, that I should at least have a pelvic exam, all things considered. Well, I believed Sherlock when he said he’d get the guy so I agreed to the report and to the exam, but I told John I’d feel better if my doctor was a woman.
She checks to be sure her wallet is in her pocketbook, takes it out and slips it and her phone into her trouser pockets. Before she leaves her flat, she double-checks that the hob is turned off, no lights are left on and that she has her key then closes the door behind her as she steps out onto Baker Street to hail a taxi, only remembering as she clambers into the backseat that she has forgotten to ask John if he needs anything.
“Sherlock, you need this, love. I know you can’t get all the data from that little file,” John points at it, “what on earth is stopping you?”
“No!” Ophelia cries with a shake of her head. Jimmy is nothing more than a memory but Janey hangs in midair a second longer as Sherlock bolts upright, then she, too, is gone.
Absently nodding as he stares into the dancing flames in the grate, it isn’t until he is in bed that he remembers Mike’s exact words then falls asleep wondering what they mean. Shouldn't he have said 'be careful
John nods to show Sherlock that he was heard (as if there’s ever any question. John can probably hear Sherlock whisper in his head three countries away.)
“Do you think you’ll be able to get home if I convince Hercules it’s time to get out of here?” She snaps open the big pocketbook in her lap and hands him an airline ticket. “I know you can’t leave yet, there’s no date on this one. I’m not thrilled about leaving you, but I don’t know what else to do.”
“John you know him, let him do what he’s best at.” Sherrinford says loudly, shoving John out of the hangar. “Come on!” the older man continues to push John until they are about fifty feet from the building.
John’s hand moves from Sherlock’s shoulder to his nape, just under the last little curl that makes an upside down ‘V.’ John looks up from Sherlock’s wonderfully busy hand and takes note of several rust-colored flecks amidst the dark curls. He knows what he wants, but he’s got to figure out how to ask for it.
“Five, at the moment.” He uncharacteristically answers. “John, I need to see that patient’s room again.”
Just as he gets close, Mycroft narrows his eyes and snatches it back, giving Sherlock a triumphant look that’s not much more than a slight tightening of his lips.
“My, how your demeanor has changed, Victor.” Sherlock all but hisses, anchoring his fingers around John’s hips and pulling him flush against his front. An almost electric charge dances down their Link and John knows it for the possessiveness that it is.
John decides to watch and see what happens next. If he’s got to be hungry, at least he can be entertained. Naturally, Sherlock has to do the thing John least expects.
Staring down into the dregs of a miserable cup of coffee, Douglas is fairly certain he is going to have a heart attack. He is terrified for Martin and feeling just a little bit sorry for himself as well. It is just so unfair to finally find someone like Martin to have it messed up by this horrible escapade. Douglas steadies himself as he looks to the other men in the room, thinking it is selfish to worry about himself when two of them have lost their
I was on my way to the park that morning when this black guy stopped me and handed me two quid. I couldn’t believe my eyes but I remember thanking him then remembering the scar on his face. Of course, I know that’s Joseph now, but at the time I thought I’d just gotten lucky because here’s this guy handing me money and not asking anything in return.
“Peyton, love, where’s Bryan?” Mrs. Hudson asks as she opens the back door of her flat to me. I step into her wonderfully warm kitchen, hugging Nova close to my chest. She must see something in my eyes, because she’s suddenly got her arms around my waist. It’s not like he’d ever come in the house, but he was almost always with me. Almost like some sort of self-proclaimed body guard.
Their eyes lock for a moment and John feels himself being drawn in as if he’s a magnet and Sherlock is north. He realizes they are actually leaning in towards one another when there’s a surprised squeak from the doorway.
John cocks an eyebrow at him as he sips his coffee. “Yeah, well, it doesn’t work like that around Holmeses.”
Sherlock returns his friend’s smile and quickly assesses the situation. “House, he’s been drugged. In as few words as possible, let me say he is ‘high as a kite.’” Sherlock points at House then at Monk.
John rolls his eyes at Sherlock, who finally shuts up and offers him a smirk, though he knows nothing short of a miracle is going to get through to the angry officers. John makes a command decision and decides that it is more than past time to pull Sherlock back to the hotel and find a way to calm him down, if not actually physically
“Sherlock that is starting to worry me. Give me something to go on. Your dead parents aren’t stored back here or anything are they?” John tries for a bit of levity, but Sherlock’s expression changes from one of pain to horror, though his answer is anything if not cryptic.
John lets him go and Sherrinford clears his throat, twice, looks off into the distance, coughs once then mumbles something that sounds suspiciously like “thanks.” John appreciates that the older man seems more anchored now, his expression less frantic.
Sherlock avidly watches the older couple as he cuts a slice of toast into four equal pieces; there’s nothing else on his plate except for two slices of bacon. John shrewdly watches Sherlock as he chews his way through several more bites, wondering if the detective had been here before despite the fact he said he hadn’t. Perhaps it was during…nope, John decides, no reason to think of that now. The Rosenthalls don’t seem to mind the silence, fixing their respective cups of tea and settling back in their chairs for what seems to be a long conversation.
Sherlock shrugs. John rolls his eyes, Greg doesn’t look too disgusted and where the hell did I put Mycroft? (Scrolls back up the word doc…) Mycroft is standing behind Lestrade now with one of those beautiful hands on Lestrade’s powerful shoulder.
“I’ve been searching for someone, Sherlock,” Victor pauses, eyes roving the room, jaw tightening. “Look, I’m not going to say that you letting me take the fall twenty years ago is something that I’ve forgotten…but, I won’t say that I didn’t understand then or that I do now. Please, the reason I’m here has nothing to do with that. Let me take care of my business and I’ll be out of yours. If you don’t even want to help me, I will understand.”
John starts at the abrupt change Mycroft’s manner—from clipped and formal to awfully…would it be a stretch to call it ‘familiarly warm?’ He understands completely both the warning and the blessing made crystal clear and for the first time, John is permitted to see Mycroft as the protective older brother who is positively exhausted. Still hesitant at the quick turnaround, John merely nods, equally feeling the weight of the day…or possibly a halfway dozing consulting detective who is still only wearing a shirt, he isn’t sure anymore.
After that moment, everything seems to buzz through John’s head so fast he’s unable to keep up with it all. Though it is weeks and months…it seems like hours. Sherlock’s gone. Some cosmic clock has counted down to this moment, this very second when John’s chest feels like it is fighting for every breath, his grief threatens to pull him downward. Why bother going on when everything that was worth living for in this life is gone?
John shakes his head, but his reply is stalled as Douglas strolls up to them from the opposite direction. He takes in their surroundings and asks what’s going on. At the same time, Sherlock flings open the human-sized door, his gaze falling on John exclusively.
John shakes his head. They make their way down the long hallway again. Sherrinford flips on some lights and they see the beautiful aircraft standing by herself in the center of the hangar. All of the machines and tools used in building her have been moved to the walls, out of the way, and the plane has been turned so that she’s facing towards the hangar door, ready to be towed out to the flight line.
It seems like it’s only been a few minutes since Barkley left him alone when Martin hears the snick of the door on the opposite side of the room open. He’s strapped into the pilot’s seat so tightly that he can barely turn his head to look around. Two different sets of footsteps approach and one moves away. Martin closes his eyes and offers a prayer up to whatever deity might possibly be listening to him that if he’s going to go out this way, please let it be quick. At least his aching leg has gone numb from the way it is wedged beneath his body. All he can hear for a few moments is the sound of his own heartbeat.
“Thanks.” There’s a funny sound as he sets the mobile against his leg? Perhaps, maybe against the bed. She wonders idly why he doesn’t just hit the ‘mute’ button then decides trying to ever figure out why men do the things they do because it simply isn’t worth the fuss. If life has taught her nothing else, it’s certainly taught her
Sherlock is ninety three percent positive that if it were possible to spontaneously combust he is going to do it in about four seconds. John left hand is cupping his chin, the right caressing the side of his face and Sherlock can see
Penn steps back to allow Sherlock and John into the elevator. Sherlock gives him the once over before the doors close with a ding.
John takes a deep breath while holding the oxygen mask up to his face without actually putting it on, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s.
Victor lets go of Sherlock’s shoulder immediately and moves back several feet. Sherlock finds himself regretting his words the instant they shoot past his tongue. For some reason he doesn’t like the disappointed look on Victor’s face. He scoots a little closer and copies Victor’s movement earlier by resting his hand on the other boy’s shoulder. There’s a visible change in Victor’s expression, something that Sherlock would almost describe as
John nods, glad to be able to go out into the sunny morning. He sits down on the bench with his legs straight out so he can see the front windows of the house. It doesn’t take him long before he can see Sherlock beyond the glass, half in shadow and half in the light from the open door, so he waves. Sherlock nods, disappears for a moment. The front door closes and the detective re-appears in the window where he was the first time. John waves again. Sherlock nods.
“No, Sherlock. I know it doesn’t matter to you because you have oh so many people to talk to all the time, but you…you’re all I have! How can you just go off and leave me like that? With nothing but your body lying here and I don’t know if you’re alive or dead!”
Sherlock points it out wordlessly then gestures towards the rooms in the back. Upon opening doors, they discover the rooms are still empty and haven’t been touched.
“Yes,” Sherlock almost-mumbles in reply. John knows from experience this means the detective is setting up his guard. John zips his jeans and forgets about trying to straighten out his hair.
“Mr. Holmes, we have been advised that you are willing to help us with the body that was found at the crash on Sunday.” The broad-shouldered, steel-jawed military policeman looks uncomfortable under the gaze of three separate Holmes when John enters the room.
The Cat strides down the short staircase, tail held high in the air; John pretends that he didn’t hear nor feel the annoyance at being Blocked from those particular thoughts that are being broadcast loudly in an odd patchwork way through their Link. He realizes that it isn’t so much that he doesn’t want to share his experiences, quite the contrary. Actually, no, he’s really torn. As much as he feels they should be able to share
“Hold on a minute,” Mrs. Hudson calls out, “Come on in here Joseph and Billy, I’ve got packages for you to take.”
Sherlock’s now glad he gave up the pack-a-day habit. He doesn’t think John would appreciate his voice quite so much if it sounded anything like
Sherlock is watching him intently, easily moving into that interesting place in their relationship where he’s the teacher and John the pupil. “I did. Now you know it.”
“Hello Mr. Watson, how is your day?” Officer Barkley asks from behind a bank of monitors. He’s got a bag of Doritos in his lap and his feet up on the desk. He grins but the sentiment of the expression doesn't touch his eyes.
John thinks about the stocky lynx he noticed a few nights ago when he was taking a break outside the hospital tent, talking with Stephen and sharing a smoke.
John frowns, thinking the detective is being rude, then he follows Sherlock’s line of sight. The little girl sits up slowly, blinking and taking everything in. He’s ready to go and find her doctor, but when her gaze finds him, he feels like he cannot move. She raises her hand and points at him, her expression filled with what he hopes isn’t trepidation. Knowing what has happened to her, he hopes she remembers him enough to know that he wasn’t one of
“John, now. Now John,” Sherlock slows his pace, making his thrusts shallower, giving John what he needs to make his orgasm that much more intense. John comes quickly then, sinking his teeth into Sherlock’s pectoral as his semen spurts between them. Sherlock growls this time, taking the bite as permission to haul John upward until he’s almost completely off the pool table and Sherlock pounds into him, chasing an orgasm he’s sure is going to knock him out cold.
When they break this time, Martin sits back in his chair. Douglas covers Martin’s hand with his own and they pass the next two hours sharing stories of their lives up to this point.
Whatever it is, it is empty save for this terrible sofa that smells like wet dog with an undercurrent of I-probably-don’t-really-want-to-know. Thomas insists that he’s being haunted by the ghost of his former lover, Raymond. Apparently Raymond died of cancer five years ago, but the haunting only started seven months back—yet the house is as empty as if it’s sat this way for decades.
The force of John’s Shield dropping reverberates through the kitchen. It is as physical a sensation as a mental one, causing Sherlock to step back a pace and stop awkwardly with one foot on the tile and the other on the carpeting. His gaze intensifies and he Sends a shy feeler from his mind towards John’s. For the first time in their acquaintance, Sherlock finds himself wholly and truly
Beside him, Sherlock is quaking with suppressed laughter. “Shhh!” John whispers, patting his thigh. After a second, he stops patting and rubs lightly with his fingertips. Sherlock inhales deeply.
Sherlock knows all too well the signs of a John Watson spoiling to hurt something or someone. Usually, that emotion is filtered into doing it
“Mycroft, do you mind?” John asks, indicating the empty chairs with a tilt of his chin. Anya isn’t really his patient; he felt that he should stay since there seemed to be no one else.
Never read a whole bunch of the original stories in one day. Just don't do it! Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to everyone :)
“Sherlock, what do you think?” John asks, finally giving up on the chair to stretch out on the ground next to his partner. The constant strain of looking up to the sky is taking its toll on his bad shoulder.
Very slowly, almost imperceptibly, Mycroft shakes his head against the unwelcome jolt of nostalgia and unobtrusively leaves the room the way all gentleman should.
“Right.” Stottlemeyer says, tugging open the buttons on his long coat. He turns his strong attention to Sherlock. “Can you find him?”
“Only once in your life, I truly believe, you find someone who can completely turn your world around. You tell them things that you’ve never shared with another soul and they absorb everything you say and actually want to hear more.”
It seems to do the trick because Sherlock steps back and Ambrose looks up enough so that Sherlock can fully see his face, though he remains twisted as if to ward off blows.
Douglas pumps the offered hand then looks a little closer. John knows the very second he recognizes them. “Oh!” Douglas chuckles, caught off guard. “I don’t recognize him without that coat and the hat from the papers.”
“John?” Sherlock asks, for once taken aback by the vehemence in the other man’s voice and attempting to school his own reaction against what he knows John has seen. It is too late, the damage is done. He starts moving backwards, away from John’s heightened state of emotion, only to find John has fisted a hand in his shirt and is holding him in place that way. The world tilts on its axis a bit more than it has already the past few days and Sherlock rapidly cycles through appropriate ways to end this scenario and draws a blank. So sure a few moments ago that John was going to turn around and touch him in some manner, now he adopts his usual cool demeanor.
Once again, John is struck by the idea that neither Mycroft nor Sherlock have mentioned their eldest brother to the youngest one. Surely Greg knows about him by now.
There are pounding feet in the corridor as John grabs at the oxygen mask and for a split second the two men size each other up. John shakes violently, shoving at Sherlock’s shoulders with weak hands.
John fights the urge to either slap or kiss the smirk off his face. Instead he pushes back up against the wall and closes his eyes. He decided long ago that as long as Sherlock tells him about the important issues he doesn’t mind being left out of the smaller loops.
: John flips the bacon over with a fork in his left hand and pushes down the handle on the toaster with his right.
Greg takes the seat at the table opposite Sherlock as the policemen begin unraveling what they know so far.
It takes three heartbeats, but it finally connects in John’s brain. “Sherlock, he’s your brother, then?”
John can tell when someone is trying to convince himself of something. “Why would Barkley even talk to Martin?” he queries, then wonders how he even missed that the guard had walked right up on him without being noticed.
Neither man moves until John is standing in front of Sherlock, the coffee table pushed out of the way, his hands out to move the book from the detective’s lap. Gently, as if reaching across eons of time and space, he sets it on the table, out of the way. Then, Sherlock’s face is in his hands, their eyes are still locked and they are so close they are inhaling and exhaling nothing but one another. Echoes of the time they’ve spent together, so much time, dance down the Link, drawing them closer.
John frowns, only slightly annoyed with the cryptic Holmes-ness. Before he can add anything else, however, they are interrupted by Kevin enquiring as to what they’d like to order.
With a final scream that Sounds to John awfully like a Warning, the Owl flaps his great wings and the Osprey stops struggling, one wing pinned to the ground by a strong claw. John can no longer make out the exact details of the fight, but it seems to him that the Owl has won by a landslide.
“Yeah, I don’t think it’s just me thinking he’s being more of an ass than usual,” Wilson states as he pulls his stethoscope out of his shirt in order to check Ambrose’s vitals. Just as he lays the warm end against Ambrose’s chest, the patient sputters and returns to consciousness in the all-of-a-sudden-way typical of daytime soap operas and poorly written crack fanfic such as this one.
“You left her for him,” Miriam croons, stepping closer into John’s space. “Therefore, I get rid of him, you come back to her.”
“Sherlock, why have you never told me any of this?” John asks, keeping his voice level. He’s not really angry, per se, but he thought the time of secrets between them was over a long ago.
It is more than obvious that Barkley has almost worn himself down. The man’s face is scarlet, he’s pouring with sweat and he’s puffing more than someone with a pack-a-day habit. John thinks this almost going to be too easy and he draws back his head as far as possible. He yanks down on Barkley’s arms in order to pull himself upward then slams his forehead directly into Barkley’s face. There’s a sickening crunch and a spurt of blood, but Barkley doesn’t drop, only stumbles backward into the desk where he slumps, caught between it and the chair.
Just at the edge of the bed, Sherlock drops his towel. John almost swallows his tongue, as medically impossible as that might be, because not only is the detective now clean and naked,
? I ask them all. House rolls his eyes and I can see him thinking about his guitar. Sherlock and Mycroft ignore me because they truly believe in their little ever-loving hearts that they are the only
of times, but enough that it feels like it’s a normal reaction when Sherlock is…” she finds herself at a loss for words.
John nods sharply at the other man as Victor rests one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. He fights the very real urge to bite those shapely fingers.
John winces in sympathy and goes for the tape around the hands and legs, helped by a pocket knife produced from one of Sherlock’s pockets. In a matter of seconds, John has the person on his feet. He leans his tall frame against John’s smaller one and breathes heavily.
The idea was to spite his grandfather. Thomas decided some time ago that when he dies, Trey gets absolutely nothing more than a monthly stipend. Trey obviously thought that if he messed up a few of the largest grossing venues for his grandfather’s airfields, Thomas might lose enough to reconsider.
“Decaffeinated, Martin, sorry. You need to take it easy on your head,” John tells him. Ah. That was almost easy to forget about in light of everything else. He sets the hot cuppa down on the coffee table and stuffs the little envelope into the waist band of his soft trousers to read later.
“I could tell you that, if you really want the answer,” she says as if she’s been sitting beside him all night.
He starts walking again, staying close to the buildings to his right. When he has to stop to cross traffic at a corner, Sherlock Answers him.
Another shock shakes the building and in seconds John finds his path to safety blocked. He drops to his knees to find Murphy lying on his side. Staccato bursts of gunfire and whatever else the enemy is lobbing at them makes it difficult to feel for a pulse. It’s weak, but it’s there. The lights all blow at about the same time.
Yesss! It is done! Thank you so much to everyone who read and gave me the gift of patience, thank you, thank you, thank you!
Almost makes him forget where he’s at currently. “You did, splendidly,” he offers, his eyes falling on a pair of heavy black boots on the floor beside them, until John’s fingers on his jaw draw his attention back to the virtually naked and waiting man caged beneath him. On the pool table. Sherlock is forced to shift his weight to one hand now, resting the other one against his crotch. “And the way you took Jonas down…God, John, I could have had you right there.”
Lestrade clears his throat. “If that’s all, you should take your date somewhere a bit more romantic, Sherlock.”
The jiggling of the knob on the door downstairs forces his attention back to the flat. Looking at the clock on the mantel, he’s a bit surprised to see that it is well after midnight. He’s been sitting here in the almost-dark for two hours. Knowing Sherlock will need some refreshment, he meanders to the hob as Sherlock flies through the door at a trot, heading straight to the loo. John smiles and pulls their mugs out.
Martin bites back any sound now but is horrified to feel a tear makes its way down his face. “Who are you?” he manages to stammer.
? He gives her a wink and a little shake of his head and she smiles at him then reaches out and pats Martin’s hand as if he'd always been there. Sophie clambers down out of her lap and asks Sherlock for her planes.
She cold cocks him with her left hand, the force of the blow snapping his head backwards and causing her to rock onto the balls of her feet.
John looks at his watch, surprised that it’s only half-past three in the afternoon. That means his two favorite ladies should return at any time now. Martin is telling them about working for Triple-W Aerial Shows and how much he enjoys his job. He and Roderick are currently two of the four employees, though the loss of one of the three pilots is going to hit the small company pretty hard. John is impressed that Sherlock seems to be listening, even hanging on every word with a hungry look in his eyes; giving a little head nod and murmuring in the right places.
“Thank you,” she manages to get out before Christopher all but tackles her in his effort to wrap his arms around her. There’s a slight groan and the teenager begins to weep while Anya watches John back away from them.
Sherlock only answers with the flick of his tail and a twitch of his whiskers. John rolls his eyes and as quietly as possible opens the unlocked door. It snicks softly; John grabs it before it smacks against the wall. Even with his quick thinking, its old hinges squeal in protest. John freezes on the spot. As if there’s no real concern, Sherlock ignores him and tip-taps past, tail in the air in the snooty cat way that they all have—both the half human ones and the real ones.
“Not at all, Sherlock, I understand.” John starts to move away; the coldness of the distance making itself immediately apparent.
“It did, though.” Sherlock scans John’s face then moves his gaze over the other passengers, of which they are lucky there are only a few.
The quiet affection plus the warm brew in his hand is doing wonders in calming John’s mind. “Think he can do it?”
“Damn,” Grant mutters as he pinches the tiny wound closed. He sighs. There’s nothing else for it, he’s got to find out for himself. Taking his mobile out of his pocket, he checks the time; although it is almost an hour earlier than he usually runs, he should be able to make a train and maybe even be ahead of the crowd for a change.
Ophelia chuckles. Sherlock glares and begins chewing on the edge of his thumbnail. Mycroft raises the eyebrow a teeny bit higher and plunges on before Sherlock can say anything else.
His thoughts racing, John raises both hands to his head, steps away from the bench until his back hits the fridge then he stops, eyes fixed straight ahead, seeing nothing but dusty recollections. John slides down to the floor, rests his head against his knees and weeps silently. When a deep voice, strained in an attempt to stay quiet, possibly out of a bit of fear and even more so from true concern, speaks from the doorway, John knows he’s lost the battle within himself.
Douglas’ eyes follow the fry. “Martin, you are killing me,” his voice is low and soft as he leans forward.
John closes his eyes and decides to believe that Sherlock learned his lesson. “So what, then? Why doesn’t Victor go home?”
“I’m here, Sherlock, right here.” John carefully reaches out only to find himself with an armful of consulting psychic.
“No,” he says, sounding as if he’d swallowed a ton of sand. “It’s nothing, I…” he trails off, eyes suddenly too bright as he scrutinizes the DI. Whatever he sees there brings a frown to his sore face. “Never mind. I’ve got to go.”
John starts to whisper this observation to Sherlock, except that a rather tall, broad-shouldered, helmeted figure has just risen up from underneath the aircraft like some weird science-fiction monster coming out of its spaceship. It is holding a large round light and what could only be a welding rod in its leather gloved hands. Without releasing the rod, the hand reaches up and pushes back the dark face mask on the welding helmet to reveal a pair of striking crystalline blue eyes.
For a moment, he wants to revel in the glory that is the weightlessness, the air pushing against his body and the sheer joy he knows must be clear to anyone on the ground. Considering what happened yesterday, some might think his joy misplaced, but he cannot help the elation of being in the sky. In a way, he’s glad he wasn’t in the air yesterday; surely the crash took away from their performance. But, as in all things, the show must go on, so here he is.
Sherlock comes so hard that he loses his balance and drapes fully over John’s back. He remembers to reach beneath them and grasp John’s cock, bringing him off so that soon they are an overheated, satisfied pile of naked gratification. John’s panting is soft in his ears, he can feel every scratch of his own wiry pubic hair against the bare, sweat slick skin of John’s rear end; he’s more satisfied than he’s ever been high or ridding someone of their haunt.
Sherrinford nods his chin at the plane and walks towards the farthest wall. The daylight in here is sullied by dirt recently smeared on the windows, one of the many clues that lead them to this building rather than any of the others. He watches as Sherrinford stalks through the light and shadows, then files away the detail in order to tell John about it. It’s the type of romantic stuff John likes to include in his
“Oh,” she starts, looking around as if someone else could hear them. “Around.” She shrugs her shoulders and does not look at him again.
“Good thing at least one of us remembered the usefulness of thumbs,” John grumbles, carefully jiggling the knob. Finding it unlocked, he starts to push it open enough to peek through but the combined feline and canine forces push his fingers away from it as the Weres bound through. Victor gambols playfully, short tail wagging but Sherlock moves in cat time, making sure John is looking at him as softly tip-toes through what turns out to be an empty lobby.
. Greg is seriously glad he forced Sherlock to give up the habit and join him in the nicotine patch brigade, because, well…
“Look, maybe we have gotten off to a bad start, why don’t you take a card,” John explains as he digs one of Sherlock’s business cards from beneath a toppled stack of papers on his desk. He encourages her to stand by walking over to the door and offering the card.
Sherlock, completely naked, is stretched out the bed on his belly, facing the doorway with his chin propped on his hands. As if John had been gone for hours instead of minutes, Sherlock purrs, “Hello, John.”
It is completely against Sherlock’s nature to let any great reveal go by without his input. “Martin, this is our eldest half-brother, Sherrinford.”
John stretches his arms and legs before stepping out into a surprisingly large drive way and turning to face a surprisingly large house. Like the car, John thinks that the house could use some care. He grins when Sherlock grabs a light fixture hanging by the front door in an attempt to put it back into place. It comes off in his hand and he tosses it back to John without missing a beat as he unlocks the door.
They finish their respective cleaning-up routines and are soon standing in the kitchen, waiting for the kettle to sound off, both of them in jeans and button-downs, dark burgundy for Sherlock, navy blue for John.
Sherlock’s tongue is getting sore and all the muscles in his neck are tense. He decides he’s never taking another holiday until he is prepared to move out to the countryside and raise bees if this is how they are going to be.
John finally lets go of Sherlock’s neck, moving his mouth away only enough to gently lave over the red welts with the flat of his tongue. Sherlock groans and leans heavily into John. Their thighs are shaking from maintaining their position this way, yet they are finding it very difficult to not let go.
John Thinks, glad to have pushed away his silly fantasy…for the moment. Their eyes meet and a little thrill runs through John when he sees the slight flush painted on Sherlock’s pale cheeks. John worries that Sherlock could See.
“Oh, no, don’t you worry. You’re already half to being done, anyway. Shutting you up now is pretty much a waste of my time.” The man grimaces wickedly, “And come to think of it, yours too, or at least what you have left, that is.”
Sherlock shrugs, glad that John isn’t going to ask the most obvious question yet. “I have always stayed mostly to myself, John, even you must realize this.”
Sherlock looks to Ophelia then tilts his chin towards John. “All the evidence that I can see clearly says you have no psychic powers and have never seen a ghost. No religious affiliations…really, nothing special about you at all. So, again, why are you doing this job?”
He looks up in time to see a helicopter team, thinking that it is fascinating to see someone fly one of those things upside down. He sneaks a glance out of the corner of his eye at Mycroft who is gazing ahead as if trying to pretend that he’s interested in the show.
Vaguely he wonders just who this ‘Toby’ person might be, though he’s got a pretty good idea because of the sense of joy and elation that sharply changes into despair and loneliness. John surely is unaware of how much of himself seeps through, even when his Shield is closed. Wanting to comfort the other man, yet unsure of just what he’s allowed to do and having no desire to cross any invisible lines at three o’clock in the morning, he settles for remaining on guard outside John’s bedroom in the guise of a curled up housecat. The thought of John sets him to purring and he winds up dozing heavily for the next four hours.
There’s a loud crash downstairs. John listens for a moment, keeping himself firmly in place. Once he realizes it is help, he calls down, “We’re up here!”
I want to apologize to my readers. I love you all. Know that this was originally only intended to be a little 5,000 word piece with much kissing and schmoozing and carrying on. Instead, here we are at double that plus and poor John is finally learning...well, I think you've already figured that much out. Thank you for going on this journey with me!
Sherlock nods, this time following in his husband’s wake, but not before he gets a good look at the tiny boy with the shock of ginger hair still resting on House’s hip. The detective’s eyes track up to the child’s small face, to his rather almond-shaped, green-grey-blue eyes and he smiles. The little boy smiles back, his dainty lips making a perfect heart shape and when the child waves his little hand, Sherlock can clearly make out the lettering on the miniature bracelet on his neat little wrist that says “
“The woman who left you right after I returned. Ah.” Sherlock observes John closely. After two or three or ten heartbeats, he speaks again. “Not the brightest bulb in the pack.”
A heavy silence descends over the room as Sergeant Barkley cruises through. Apparently, his own coworkers like him about as much as John does.
Victor rests a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, picking idly at the blue cotton t-shirt. This time when their eyes meet, Sherlock doesn’t waver and Victor doesn’t back down.
John shakes his head, putting his own cup down as Sophie climbs up into his lap, a biscuit in each hand. “No, Martin, with all due respect, trust me. It could have been a hundred times worse. I’m no pilot, but that was an amazing landing considering…”
“What?” John says aloud, pushing Sherlock away enough to look up into his face, yet holding him still when it seems he’s about to bolt.
Sherlock cuts her off before she can get a head of steam going. “Enough, Ophelia. Please, just. Just leave me alone for a while.” He looks towards the staircase and a perfect picture of his favorite solution to all of life’s problems flashes through his mind.
Kevin leans back in his chair, starts to lift his feet towards the table, catches Ruthie’s expression and changes his mind mid-lift. “Grant’s not that much of a crybaby, though, more of a worry wart.”
John stares at the blinking cursor and frowns. If he writes about Douglas and Martin, Sherlock is going to accuse him of writing a
“I…” Sherlock glances down towards Victor’s groin and forces his thoughts to heel. He sighs. “I don’t think sex is stupid, I’ve just never…”
“Well, you aren’t going to get dressed and your normal posh footwear would look positively ridiculous with those.” John points at Sherlock’s cotton sleep wear, copying Sherlock’s patented ‘eyebrow raise’ because he can.
Sherlock freezes on the spot, narrowed eyes not leaving the swinging doors. House is certainly up to something, and he’s going to put a stop to it.
, so why question it? He knows why, and it all has to do with trust. He’s run those words around in his head so much the past hours that it is a miracle that he’s not dizzy from their repetition. Isn’t that the greatest irony here? The one man in the world who understood clearly John’s ‘trust issues’ is the one who let him down the most?
The mattress vibrates beneath John’s back. He reaches out to pull Sherlock closer, so that they wind up with Sherlock’s head on his bare chest. Sophie sees the cuddle and decides she wants in on it, so she gives one last hop and lands squarely on Sherlock’s back.
“Just a case. George told me that Richard is a top-billed drag queen at one of the city clubs. George thought he’d try it out, but Richard thought he was being upstaged and now Lestrade has a murder on his hands.”
Looking down into the massive mop of ebony curls that is directly in his line of sight, John grins and tightens his grip on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Wilson looks from Sherlock to John and back to Sherlock. “Alllllright…” he says, rolling the letter 'l' because he can.
