"Alright Cas that's that. Let's get you to bed." As soon as Dean tried to pick Cas up, Cas tried to pull Dean down. Dean, being the larger of the two males won the little battle and carried Cas bridle-style into the halls of the bunker. Cas kept
Dean Winchester." Maybe he can get used to this. He remembers Mom telling him about a lesbian couple she used to know in Lawrance. Thinking back maybe neither of them was as subtle as they wanted to be.
"Maybe we shouldn't do this, Sammy's gonna come back." Instead of replying, Cas just took all of Dean in one go and sucked as hard as he dared. He made a smirk around Dean's cock at the reaction he got. "
Mm- shouldn't do this, Sammy's gonna come back." Cas couldn't tell if this was a sex dream or a nightmare. Dean could be so confusing sometimes. "
How is he supposed to confront a thing like that? Sure Cas is more than happy to share space with Dean, which he used to chock up to his lack of social understanding, even as he started to do it less with others but not with Dean. He always assumed that was just because he complained less than everyone else and he knew Cas better. The dude never responded well to attention from the ladies anyways. Dean smiles fondly to himself as he recalls the time he dragged Cas to a brothel. He looked scared to death and completely disinterested. He really is a dorky, powerful, grown-up little guy.
Dean! I-I need!"
"Yes. You did. Mary." Dean wraps his arms tighter around Cas, moving over so they were face-to-face, and then starts gently kissing Cas' neck and ear.
"That all you want?" He was trying to give his brother a chance to stop moping around drinking and do
"I-I think John called."
"Ya, Cas. Um, sorry what?" Dean wasn't to proud of himself for letting Cas' beauty hypnotize him so much but what was he supposed to do anyways?
That doesn't mean he wanted this moment to end. One where everything was so quiet and perfect, one where he could talk to the only mother he feels he really ever had.
"Hey Dean, it's been a while since we were all alone. Whatever shall we do? I was thinking, just how much I miss that big cock of yours. Preferably in my mouth. Right. Now." Dean could only nod, already too lost to talk at the filthy, hot words from his boyfriend's mouth.
"How could I ever?" He kisses the dark hair below him and with that, they fall asleep, cuddled together, happy, and very,
Speaking of, he never mentioned to anyone what really happened during his demon days, and he prefers to keep it that way. The things he allowed himself to want, no to
He knew he couldn't last forever, but with Cas's mouth and tongue on him like this, he can't help but wish he could last a few moments longer. It's pure bliss to feel the warm, wet pressure of the dark-haired boy as he held lazy eye contact with bright blue, hungry eyes. When the younger boy gave an especially hard suck, companied by a flick of his tongue to the underside of Dean's shaft, he can't resist but to tread his hands into the wet locks on his boyfriend head.
that." Well, at least he knows he's in the dream, apparently upsetting Dean. Great. This wasn't working. Dean wasn't voicing what he was supposed to, and Cas has yet to learn anything. He felt bad about spying on Dean like this, maybe he should just give up and finally get some rest.
He wasn't aware when the staring ending and the kissing started, but Cas did realize that there is a hand in his hair and warm, soft lips against his own. This must be bliss, pure, untainted bliss. The kind of kiss a person dreams of.  Warm air shared between them and soft caresses, yet a passion so unbreakable that it must be spoken through the action of pressing lips and tongues together.
Before he allows himself to get too caught up in the taste of pure DEAN, he has to pull away. This is about feelings, not the... other stuff, not yet. But before Cas can ask anything of Dean, the slightly older boy supplies all the answers to him.
"Yes, of course. What's up?" Cas has a sense for where this is going. It was about Dean. He wasn't sure what exactly, he just knew it was about Dean.
Dean faster!"
"Come on Cas, don't be like that. I'm sure I'll have fun. You always pick activities we both enjoy"
Cas got off of his bed after a burst of unwanted tears. He wished he was an angel now more than he had before. He wished he could just fly off, or maybe turn invisible so he could stay next to Dean without pushing him farther away. Maybe if he just got drunk again... No. That wouldn't work.
"Hey, Cas. Somethin I wanna tell ya. Ya know, I love those pretty blue eyes of yours. Always gets me going. Just thinking about you panting under me with my fingers hooked in those dark locks. Mmmmmmmm. So pretty, Cas." Dean was grinding against him by now, moaning, groaning, and most importantly, removing clothes. At this point, Dean and Cas were both shirtless with their jeans unzipped and Dean was kissing and biting down his neck.
"Yeah well, you know
leaving yet!
Dean could barley understand what Castiel was saying, he did understand the part about being bent over and fucked and that sounded great.
in his clothes? Jerk. And those innocent blue eyes that always looked into his very essence...
"A man can eat ice cream how ever he damn pleases Sammy! You're fine Cas. Just maybe, tone down the noises a tad."
Dean woke up sticky in uncomfortable places, sweaty all over, and worst of all, lined up with Cas in such a way that the other boy must have had to put up with some pretty uncomfortable sleep humping. Luckily Castiel is still asleep. So Dean won't have to lose his best friend. Thank God! That's what he thought at least, until he spotted the wet spot on Cas' boxers. Had his late-night humping caused Cas to have an equally sexual dream of his own? If so was he in it? He'd never know that. Dean shuffles to remove his arms from around Cas's body as carefully as he can. Dean looked at the clock which read "6:30". Dean knows he won't be able to go back to sleep. He tosses his boxers into the hamper and leaves to take a nice, long, warm shower before Cas wakes up.
Dean wakes up five minutes later to Cas smiling at him and stroking his hair.
"I was thinking about school during dinner."
of her boys.
"Yes."
"Well you should ya know." Dean really wants Cas to move in. It would be as though they were really dating and moving in together. Dean feels the pressing need to stop thinking like this if he is to ever get a pleasant night's rest. He's had many wet dreams with Cas right there, but he always deflects it as being nightmares or dreams with some random chick. Cas was the world's heaviest sleeper, but one of these days he was going to moan Cas' name and would never get to see the angelic boy again.
"Never," Dean growls as he grabs Cas again and kisses them both senseless.
It was just a normal day at the bunker when Dean first woke up. He rolled out of bed somewhat reluctantly and stretched out his aching back from tossing back and forth all night. Dean made a not so human sound when that one tight spot popped on his way to the kitchen and hoped no one heard it.
neither o-of you
Sam, on the car ride home noticed a deference in their behaviors.
"Well now that we know, Sam and I are going out after dinner, and you two are going to do... whatever." Mary winks as she starts typing something into her phone. "Let's see what movies we can go see. Mkay?" Cas loves Mary so very much! He removes himself from Dean's hold with
"Well it's not a date mom, but it still sounds wonderful. I'm just going to take Cas up to my room for a little while if you don't mind." Dean moved to give Mary a kiss on the brow on his way toward the stairs, pulling Cas with him. Cas too gave Mary a quick kiss as he was dragged away.
with his brother?
"Or what?"
He's dreaming again. Cas doesn't love him. Cas is perfection, sweet, sweet, untouchable perfection.
and began stroking light enough to be
Dean didn’t feel nearly as confident as he forced himself to sound. He thought it much more probable for the angel to be disgusted and never talk to him again than for Castiel to just jump into bed with him. Just in case Cas took it really well, he had… prepped himself for the angel. He knew he still had to try.
to stop for now.
"Bye Sammy, don't get kidnapped!" Dean yelled after Sam on his way out. Dean but his arm around cas as the peacefulness returned to them. Dean wasn't really focusing on William Shatner because of the handsome angel slowly curling into him. The captivating dark bedhead that practically
After the worst breakfast of Cas' human experience, he went into his room and stayed there. He felt absolutely awful about what had happened the night before. Dean was obviously disgusted by his actions. Dean hadn't even said anything about what happened which just showed how much Castiel screwed up. At least Cas enjoyed the feeling the alcohol induced dream caused him. He spent most of the day re-watching the episodes of Star Trek he didn't pay much attention to, and when he wasn't watching television, he was crying or trying not to. Dean had made it clear that males don't cry. Just another reason why Dean Winchester would never love him.
"Not just yet Angel. I need a little bit more time to take you apart.
"I-I'll be r-right back," He then bolts to put the lube in his (
no protests, and pulls Mary into a huge hug, being lifted off the ground by the freakishly strong woman before him.
kissing Cas senseless like he wants. He figures he may as well give Dean what he is asking for so they can get back to the fun stuff.
to react to that?!?!? Instead of thinking about this any more than he has to, and certainty not wanting to suffer the consequences of this line of thinking, Dean gets up to turn off the light. As he gets into bed, he realizes that he had never gotten bored of just sleeping next to Cas. That's when it hits him that he can really spend the rest of his life just... with Cas. Just sleeping innocently in a bed next to him. Sharing simple, domestic love like his parents once had. It dawns on him that no matter how hard he ignores and stifles his feelings for his best friend, he can’t help how fully and deeply he’s attached already. Not like there was anything he could do to stop his feelings anyways besides pretend they don't exist.
Dean slipped his finger in next to his tongue and after he had Cas loose and begging he added another, then another, until he had three fingers fucking into and out of Cas.
just say that. Right? Ummmm, ya no.
Cas like this, writhing and panting and wanting
"Well last night I got a bit drunk out of frustration, and may have tried to flirt with you brother. Sorry."
"It's Dean. I should probably answer him." Mary reaches out and grabs his hand before he could fetch his phone out of his pocket.
"Oh Dean, I would never blame you for what John does, just like you don't blame me for my parents being so absent. I love
“And now, I want you to go from my family to my partner. I want us to start our own family together. A new one. W-Would you like to do that with me Cas?”
"Don't wanna sleep." Dean's eyes slide away from Castiel's with a distant look. He doesn't seem to have much to say about anything, especially not John.
"Dean? Cas
level of perfection doesn't fall for Dean Winchester.
- Cas
"Ok then. Can you pick up some pie and hamburger meat? I'm thinking about grilling burgers today." Dean's gaze was starting to drift over to Cas again like it tended to do. He had fallen in love with the angel a few years ago but he was sure it wouldn't get anywhere sense a beautiful creature like Cas could never love him back. Right?
When he got to his room his cock made a very sudden move to what he saw. He walks into his room to see Cas all tied up and naked, ass in the air
"I wonder what... Hey, Dean?"
Cas smiles up at Dean before pulling away slowly. "Good, I'm starved! Mac and Cheese isn't much for dinner. It was delicious, though that's for sure." Dean steps away from the pile of pancakes as if to offer them to Cas, who eagerly accepts, grabbing a plate and filling it with food. "Thank you, Dean. And it's your day to decide what we do."
"Just wanted to tell me that she meant it when she said I should move in."
"While your eye se- eye contact is wonderful, can that wait until mom and I leave?" Dean reluctantly tears his eyes away from the captivating blue ones before him and instead shoots a death glare at Sam. He heads back to his seat to eat in embarrassed silence.
in his mouth and sucks on it. Dean is done. His Blizzard is pretty much just a milk shake, but does he care? No!
"Mary, you don't have to do this for me. I can handle my relationship with Dean."
"Ok, ok. Now I made a ton of popcorn and we have a bunch of chocolate and ice cream for movie night. You can eat whatever." The boys both put on evil grins and started to move towards the kitchen. "AFTER you eat two pieces of pizza at least EACH!" Mary calls after them, shaking her head with a fond smile on her face.
"Good night Dean. I'll see you in the morning. Tomorrow, it's your turn to decide what we do."
He starts out slowly and gently until Cas makes an impatient grunt into the crook of Dean's neck, so he begins to thrust in a powerful, quick rhythm, not slowing or faulting as he searches for the proper angle to hit Cas' sweet spot.
Neither one was going to forget this day for a long while non-the-less. Cas repositioned them as he began to kiss down Dean’s body, leaving marks and claims from his jaw-line down to his already hard nipples, then lower still to just below his navel.
at him. Dean knew it was because Cas didn't mean anything he said last night and was disgusted by Dean's obvious arousal the words had caused. Great. Dean did the one thing he was trying to not do. He ruined the connection that meant the world to him.
"In another hour."
Ya, this needed an explanation, and quickly too. He was getting tired of Dean showing all the signs of a serious attraction to Cas just to do nothing about it. And how many times had Cas come to him with "hypothetical" questions that were clearly about the love Cas had toward his brother? Sam didn't care, he was ending this. Today. "So what did you two do last night without me?" Sam waited for a response aaaaaaand... Nothing. Nothing but a grunt of "Nothin' " from Dean and a "Not of import" from Cas. Ugh! He should have known these two would be harder to guide than he previously thought.
In a slightly stunned faze, Cas grabs the two waters and dashes upstairs to Dean. Mary's idea was a strange request, but it seemed to make sense. Cas knows how Dean gets when he's asleep. Many times he has woken up to find Dean talking, tossing and turning. If something had happened earlier that day, while dreaming Dean would voice how he truly felt. That's just how the older boy worked. Cas knew Dean was too worried about everyone to tell anyone if something was really bothering him, but while he was in dreamland, the truth came out. When Cas finally got back he was almost hoping Dean would already be asleep. Unfortunately, the sandy-haired boy was too determined to say goodnight to Cas. Or to get his water. Cas was a much heavier sleeper than Dean, so it was incredibly rare Dean ever fell asleep first.
"Cas calm down buddy. They treat you like crap, which is why we want you here. Just drink your water, get in bed and I'll sing to you until you fall asleep. I know you like my voice, so maybe it would help you relax. Mkay?" Cas doesn't think it was fair that he had to try not to fall asleep with Dean singing to him. Is that even possible?
Around lunch time Sam announced his departure for the store. Dean and Cas were (slightly closer than necessary)
Right as the boys are settling into a normal-seeming position, Sam and Mary return.
"Don't try to think too hard about it though, Dean. Oh wow, are you ok? Are you thinking again? That must hurt a lot..."
"When are Sam and Mary coming back?"
. It's hard for any man to face his demons showing their faces, pun intended.
meant anyways.
Dean turns off the light and practically collapses onto the bed and removes the shirt from his lover's mouth. Cas lazily opens his eyes and looks at Dean with a look of pure adoration and content.
"I love you, Castiel Novak. For years I have. And I plan on loving you as best as I can for the rest of my life. I hate chick-flick moments but I can always make an exception for you." Cas physically relaxes at the admission.
kinda in order anyways so he could just pickup the liquor then. Sam went to track Dean down to see what else he could buy to avoid suspicion over the liquor. Sam was so smart and cleaver! Sam walked around the bunker until he finally found Dean cuddling some whiskey in the kitchen. The sight worried Sam but he decided not to pry or bother Dean about it.
"We'll we're ok and all, but I'd be a lot better if my brother wasn't such a bitch..." Cas again heard Sam but this time he simply said "Jerk." Cas was glad to hear Dean's voice. He felt a lot better now.
"Hey, Dean. We're on our way back. Just thought you two might need some time to get presentable."
"Hey, Cas. Dean, Mom." He gives Cas and Dean hugs and Mary a kiss as well as a tight hug.
Please please DEAN! Need, n-need you to
"Hello, Winchester's house. You may now speak." Dean looks over his shoulder making a silly face at Castiel, who laughed at Dean being ridiculous on the phone.
"Dean stop that. I can tell what that look means. You're not a bad person ok? I love you." Dean smiles at his creepy mind-reading boyfriend with all the affection he holds for him.
"Haha, and so what he's homophobic? He can't change either of you! He can't really do anything to you!" Sam exclaims.
"Yes, we are. You wanna go in, or take another lap?" Mary doesn't want to see this end. She's getting to see what Cas really thought about her boy, getting to tell him what her boy thought of him. All was right with the world, and that was a relief, plus she treasures any bonding she gets with
Dean was really going to do it this time. He had been trying to gain the courage for months(if by months you mean years) but today he was really going to do it.
"Hey, Cas?" Dean worries about if Cas thought he was too overbearing. He really loves Castiel and is extremely happy to be able to show his affections.
Mary walks over slowly and starts to stroke Dean's back.
"I hope I can too." Cas wants to always sleep in Dean's bed, to never have to leave, to never have to be far from Dean or his protection. Or Mary’s home cooking and tender presence. Plus Sam would love to have two big brothers around to hang out with and help with homework. Not that he has needed the latter for several years now.
"That doesn't make any sense Cas."
They all laugh together. They were so caught up in the what if's and the maybe's they didn't realize how easily the issue could be solved. It was more a matter of the mind. They continue to laugh it off and spitball all the ridiculous "threats" John could impose on them. Sam suggests they sit down for a round of cards, which everyone enthusiastically accepted. As they all sit around and take their minds off of things, they finally get a lasting, heavy sense of peace. A feeling of security. Nothing could tear these four apart or hurt them. Not even a bitter man with a cold heart that wasn't warmed in time.
I'm sorry it's been so long sense the last update! I have been really busy and just haven't been able to find the motivation. That being said, I am back and ready for round two! I hope you are as well! I also added a little smut to say sorry! Enjooy!! <3
Dean was already regretting leaving Cas at the bunker alone. What if Cas needed better instructions for the microwave and starved? What about if he falls in the shower and hits his head with no one there to help him? What if.... "So this spirit shouldn't be too hard to kill once we figure out where this guy was buried. Of course we have to make sure it
"You're right. Thanks, Mom." Mary just gives him a little squeeze before moving away.
It was a simple case really; just a quick slice of heads at a vamp's nest. Them having the lives they had though, they
"I'll get some stuff for spaghetti and garlic bread." And with that, Sam left for the store with a sense of peace knowing Dean was acting as himself. "Text me if you want me to pick anything up at the store for you." -Sam. He was surprised at how fast he reply was.
"I would like that very much, Dean. Thank you."
"Oh, no need to make me any pancakes. I'm going to go meet Ellen for breakfast today at seven-thirty. I know you'll be a good boy and watch over everyone while I'm gone. I'll be sure to lock up and call Jody with a warning about John. She'll be on edge waiting for a call in case he shows up ok?"
"Bossy." Dean turns around and kisses Cas before turning away and going to the fridge for milk and butter.
"Mornin' Sammy. Heya Cas." Dean said as he went to pour himself some coffee. "So what are ya' doin' today Cas?"
He carefully gets up, not wanting to startle Cas, and silently slips on a pair of sweat pants and a light T-shirt before making his way downstairs. When he reaches the kitchen, he notices that it's 6:28.
“Heya Cas. Mind if we talk for a moment?” Dean cringed at the confused and slightly worried look on Cas’ face. He realized too late that what he had said sounded similar to one of the times he had kicked his friend out of the bunker.
shouldn't care were Cas stands. And since when has he cared about how Cas would feel if he left for a job anyways?
"All those years, watching from a window. All those years, outside looking in. All that time, never even knowing just how blind I've been." Dean would never admit to singing along to the song, he definitely wasn't (he totally was). He looks to Cas and spies him eating his popcorn two kernels at a time, eyeing first to make sure they're just about even in size. It was one of those quirky little things Cas did that Dean finds absolutely...
“Mmm. Look at that! Wet hole already so open for me!” Cas put two fingers in easily and started to move them in and out, trying to ovoid Dean’s prostate for now and adding a third finger. “You must have been so hopeful we’d get this far huh?” He leaned in close so he could whisper into Dean’s ear. “Good.”
to interact. Plus, it will be good for him to learn not to be too over protected. Both of us can hold our own and it was only a walk around the neighborhood." Cas couldn't argue with that, so he doesn't.
"Wanna watch Parks and Rec?"
The following morning Dean and Sam finished packing and left. Cas didn't know what to do. He always had Dean there to talk to, or suggest a new movie for him to watch. Dean had left him with a few home-cooked meals and frozen burritos along with instructions on how to use the microwave before he left. It had already been a few hours and Cas missed Dean. He missed his kindness and his smile. He missed the comfort he got from Dean's very presence and the joy Dean always carried with him. He missed Dean's eyes, and his mouth, and his gravely voice, and his attractive bowlegs, and... Wait. Cas felt... weird, in a place Dean called his "private quarters". It felt, longing?
"Why are you staring at my lips?"
"Hello, Sam."
"Great! First I'm gonna remove this gag so I can hear your pretty little sounds." Castiel nodded and Dean got right to it after that. He removed the gag but left the rest of Castiel tied up in doggy-ish style with his ass in the air.
"Love you too you psychic. Now tell me what you want to eat so I can go cook it for you!"
He jumps up and quickly straddles Cas, leaning in for a kiss. He teases his tongue across Cas' bottom lip, causing the smaller boy to gasp and open his soft, warm mouth. This, he takes to his advantage, dominating the kiss and mapping the mouth on his, Cas groans and tries not to buck his hips. He fails. Dean allows the younger boy to act on his persistent want and cravings, grinding down onto Cas. After a while of heated kisses and nips, Dean starts to let his hands roam. Right as he starts to do this, though, he got a call with the ringtone 'Hey Jude.' He reluctantly pulls away from his stunned, kiss dazed boyfriend.
"Do you think I'm adorable?"
and a note on his lower back. He picked it up and it read
"Hello Gabriel. Why did you call me here on the eve of Christmas? I know this is important to Dean and I don't want to keep him waiting."
Cas tries out Mary's advice. The outcome is positive, but now Cas must ask Dean out.
"Look, as long as you check in when you're not here, you can move in for all I care! I'm sure we can buy another bed and put it in one of the extra junk rooms for you. Or if you don't want to do that, you can just officially move in with Dean!" And whispering to Cas she adds, "He doesn't like to talk about it but he loves to cuddle."
"Dean?"
"That's.. umm that's awesome Cas!" Dean stammers with what he can
"Mhhhgf!!!!" Dean looked to Cas in alarm realizing this wasn't done with consent.
Neither one was sure when they went from sitting next to each other with happy smiles on their faces to kissing each other with a passion that was rather lacking in grace(but made up for it in pleasure). The way their lips matched the other’s with a perfection only dreamed of by each. It was even better to experience than to imagine, and both assumed they’d never get a fill. It was just to wonderful to ever get truly tired of.
were napping so
"No! Stay. We don't even have to continue, just
After a heavy and long make-out session, Dean remembers why he and Cas had left earlier. The movie is merely background noise at this point as the older, sandy-haired boy pulls away, much to Castiel's protest, to remind Cas of his move. Dean knows that if he doesn't stop them now then he won't stop them at all.
"That will do quite nicely thank you." Cas interrupted Dean's inner monologue as he watched Dean finish cooking for them both. It was very domestic for them, yet carried a much needed sense of peace.
I knew it! Sammy, you owe me ten bucks stat!"
"Well I haven't called in a few weeks, but that's not why I called you. Since I practically live with the Winchesters anyways, I was thinking I could officially move in. Get out of your hair. Pretty much forever." Cas is determined to ignore the knot rising in his throat. He really wishes Dean would hold him through this, literally. He apparently opens his arms in invitation because one second he wants Dean's physical presence and protection, and the next there are strong, guarding arms wrapped around his waist and a chest to rest his head on.
"Cas I won't, can't lose you. Please don't make me lose you. Whatever dad does, please don't leave me, stay with me." Dean's eyes fill with tears again, but he's determined not to let them fall.
"No."
"Hey. Maybe one day you'll let Sam lift more than twenty pounds huh?" Dean says rushing to grab some of the bags off Mary before the plastic broke. As soon as her arms are free, Mary motioned to Cas. She leafs through the bags until she finds the one she wanted, and she then shoves it into Cas' arms before continuing to unpack, but she doesn't fail to wink at him first.
He then left the two and went back to his room, wanting to give them some time to work this out.
"We should go in. I'm afraid that if we take another lap then Dean's going to storm after us!"
"Whenever you're ready," Dean says lovingly. He doesn't know how else to go about this situation. He can tell there's something swirling in Cas' mind that wasn't there the night before.
"You close baby? I'm close too. You are so perfect Castiel, I can't change a thing about you, wouldn't... wouldn't want to!
"It's so funny! It is so dang
The angel was very pleased with this idea and had been feeling the same way for his righteous man as he felt for the angel. “Yes Dean. I do believe I would like to be your partner “in crime” as they say.”
Nothing.
"I'll have to get my parents to agree, but they don't care what I do. They are currently in Russia looking for this special paint they want for their Hawaiian beach house I've yet to see."
He passed out for a while. He doesn't know when nor how long, but one moment he's awake and the next he's waking up. Sam must have woke him up with his gigantic self because Dean's awake and his brother is just getting back from the store.
The taller man was beginning to loose his control. Castiel was still wearing his slacks and his shirt was still hanging from one shoulder, but what he could see of him was enough to get the want coursing through his blood to rush a little faster, burn a little hotter.
Dean bent down and started licking around Cas' rim to make sure he was nice and open for him. Cas began to thrust back into him and moan with ever slid of Dean's tongue.
"De-"
"I like guys, I like chicks, no one is safe from
"Thank you, Dean. That should help." Cas slithers into bed and downs about half of his water, putting the other half on the bedside for later. He wiggles his way into Dean's out-stretched arm and waits for his torture to begin.
"It's your dad, he called, threatened Cas. Dean seems a little scared, but it should pass. And don't give him a hard time for this. I know you won't, you're a very smart and sweet boy, but I have to tell you not to. And don't push him either. He's going to try to bite back his feelings and pretend everything is fine, so be supportive but don't try to force him to talk." Sam nods, looked back at Cas and Dean, then heads into the living room. He puts his hand on Dean's shoulder. He thinks back to the first time Dean came in with a bruise on his stomach and cheek from their dad. Nothing Sam said or did would get Dean to talk. His big brother just came in and let Sam wrap his arms around him. Sam does the same now, hoping he can support Dean.
"I will. Love you and see ya soon." Mary hung up then. Dean looks at Cas again. He seems slightly more accepting of the fact that Mary and Sam were coming home, so they
Mmmg GOD!!" Another smirk from Cas at that. Being the coy bastard he is, he had to stand up and say the
"We're almost there," Cas breaks the silence almost sadly. He wants to get back, sure; he too was worried about Dean, worrying by himself at home.
"Whiskey." Dean said with a childlike pout and a swig from the bottle. And an even
This was new. Luckily, Dean had awkwardly told him what to do if this happened. Cas went into the bathroom, removed his cloths and turned on the shower. Time to deal with this so called "boner".
"Mary isn't bad. Now to watch Netflix!" Dean walks behind the eager Cas back to the couch excited to settle in to spend time with his best friend when the phone rings.
"How long do you think this trip will take?" Cas asked as he ignored the screen in front of him in favor for the green eyes and sandy, blondish hair. He didn't want to admit it, but Cas was going to miss Dean. They had been spending a lot of time together as Dean helped Cas get acquainted with his humanity. Dean knew he was kinda babying Cas lately, and in all honesty he was really going to miss doing just that for the next few days.
Cas hops up to stretch and head down for breakfast. He'll have to talk with Dean later.
Dean really needed to get some sleep. But it's not his fault that Cas is
"WE'RE HOOOOOOME! Sam, put away the extra candy, please. CAS, DEAN, come here please!" The two give each other confused glances and hurry to the door. "I would like to say that if you had intercourse in this house, I know nothing about it, and I don't need to, as long as you were safe. That said, I hope you two had
Sam was disappointed. Here he was waking up "knowing" that the numbnuts he lived with were finally on the same page with their relationship. But when he walk into the kitchen and Cas is still without hickeys and Dean is still (not subtly) staring at Cas, he knows he was wrong. Darn. "Morning guys!" Sam looked at the two dorks in front of him. He needed to find out what happened last night. They were even
Hey Angel, getting ready for me?" Cas jumps at the sudden voice behind him, slightly startled having not realized the older boy had walked in and removed most of his clothing already.
"What? Wait...w-WHAT?!" This
He first makes sure that the door and all the downstairs windows are still locked. His shoulders release their built tension a bit. He shuffles into the living room and clicks on the Apple TV, turning the volume down so only he can hear it, and puts on a Bon Jovi, AC/DC, and Queen playlist. As Dean hums along to Good Old Fashion Loverboy, he starts in on the pancake batter. He's just glad he doesn't have to think for a while with the music and task at hand to distract his mind.
"Sex probably," Cas said as he glances over at Dean, hoping to have made him blush or show some form of being affected.
They rode out they orgasms and blinked away the white light. Cleaning up with Dean’s discarded shirt and throwing away the used condom, Cas felt satisfied in more than one way. And if anyone asked Dean, they didn’t cuddle for the next twenty minutes and talk about how much they love each other and how happy they are. Except, they totally did.
On his way to the cabinet that holds his old buddy Jacky D, the thoughts continue to crash like waves into his focus. Stewing alone with one's thoughts is not all it's cracked up to be. Shocker. Dean supposes it's justice for sticking Sam and Cas with research duty while Jack is tackling the movie list Dean assigned him. Dean can deny that his tendency to hurl himself into the sun at any major problem they face is a byproduct of not enough esteem and too many tally marks on the wrong side of the karma board. Too many people have gone through too much for Dean to feel like he
"What do you want me to do? Want me to suck you off, sloppy and fast? Or maybe you wanna watch me open myself up for you." At that thought, all Dean can do is moan. "I'm going to open my hole until it's just dripping for you, but I'll do it slowly. So slow it tortures you more than me."
"Come on Cas! Not funny!" The two chase each other, using the towels they were using for dishes as makeshift weapons.
"You just gonna stare?" He decides to tell, or rather show, his mom and brother about Cas and himself at her teasing.
When Sam finally came back with his chocolate Cas felt even worse. He had allowed him self to reminisce until he was miserable.
He spent most of the day cooking for the week and cleaning up his mess in between dishes. Around the potato casserole he was making for tomorrow and the bacon and chicken salad/sandwich for Sam's lunch and his own, Dean took a whiskey break. By whiskey break he means of course that he drank while thinking about what an untouchable screw up Dean Winchester is.
started. Dean was in the kitchen making breakfast when Cas walked in with the sexiest bed-head Dean had ever seen and he was wearing one of Dean's old shirts from High School. It was a grey AC/DC shirt and over it, Cas was wearing a blue and grey plaid over-shirt. He didn't even know why he still
"Sure Dean." And if Cas would stop saying his name like that maybe Dean could actually get some sleep. Before Dean could say anything else, Cas was up and stumbling to his room. Or so Dean thought. Dean went into the bathroom to get ready for bed, but when he came back what he saw would haunt his dreams for years to come.
"Well, you didn't
"That was the plan, yes." Dean sits closer to his boyfriend than he necessarily had too, and relishes in the fact that the dark haired boy moves closer instead of pushing him away.
lay a finger on him! I love him and nothing you say or do can change that. Why not just stay gone?! This isn't your home anymore! Mom made the right choice for all of us, including her. She deserves better." The pause before John continued feels like forever. With each stunted breath Dean feels more and more like passing out.
Dean and Castiel ate their pie slices quickly and happily, then went up to bed. It's already around ten, but Sam and Mary are planning to stay up late watching Criminal Minds, so the two lovers take the chance to enjoy each other's company. They cuddle close on their bed and just listen to the sounds of the night. They open the window slightly to hear some of the night sounds. They can hear tree frogs and crickets, a couple dancing to loud music next door, and even an owl somewhere in the woods near their house. Dean gets up, much to Cas' protest, walks over to the window, and shuts it. He then promptly spins around and grins at Cas.
"Mmm thank you, Dean. You make every day so wonderful, but that? Ughhh! That made today perfect!" Cas smiles a lazy, sleepy smile as he buries his face under Dean's chin. "I love you so much, Dean Winchester. Never forget that."
Wait.
When he gets to his new room, Cas strips down, throwing leftover clothes behind him in the vague direction of the hamper as he makes his way to the bed to clean up the chocolates and to grab lube and a condom from Dean's now open pack. He lands on the bed once everything is set up and begins to slowly open himself, letting thoughts of what might happen flood his mind.
"Ya, sure. I have no problem with helping ya Cas." So apparently, the (maybe not so) platonic eyese-eye contact between Cas and Dean was too much for Sam, as he was currently faking a coughing fit. Just before Dean could snap at his brother, Branden called them up to get their treats.
" Cas said with a sarcastic tone as he hops up to grab them some water, both boys smiling from their playful banter. He’s glad they can have conversations comfortably like that. Back and forth without either of them getting hurt. It’s always been nice, really nice, a pleasant display of their connection. Cas can imagine himself talking like that with Dean for the rest of their lives, preferably with kissing afterward. But that's another chapter to this fantasy. When Cas reaches the kitchen, he found Mary dancing around with headphones in getting a glass of milk to plop in the microwave. When she finally notices him standing there she takes out one of her headphones.
"So you will engage in sexual activities with me?" Wait,
He finally reaches the large, needy member. He takes a moment to just look at it. The way it twitches with anticipation the more he waits, the precum beading at the tip. When he hears muffled noises coming from Castiel, he finally decides to stop his teasing. He licks the slit first, taking away any drop of precum he could. He almost enjoys the bitter, salty taste of it, it's the sort of thing you crave and don't quite know why. He then puts his lips delicately around just the head, licking in a circle and pressing just right into the slit after every circle.
After Cas was done milking Dean of all he was worth and Dean cleaning them both up, they laid there cuddling and fighting off sleep.
"I love you too Castiel. Oh um Cas. Ya I love you, Cas." And  just like that they were kissing. It was magic. Sparks brighter than the moon without it's stars. More powerful than a tsunami, stronger than an army, and shining with all the brightness of the sun. Cas' lips were chapped yet soft and the slide of stubble on stubble was purely addicting to the eldest Winchester brother. Speaking of that...
how it all went down. I want to, no
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean chooses to ignore that thought, no matter how many times he heard it.
when I turned 12 is more than big enough for the both of us. Just, if you want to move in then we already have the space for you."
This must have been the closest thing to heaven sense, well Dean’s actual heaven. The slow weight of Castiel filling him inch by inch, careful not to hurt him. The way the drag in and out felt once he was final relaxed enough for them to continue. The pleasure that raced through him in waves whenever Cas brushed his prostate, The sounds Cas made as he fucked into to his hunter from behind. It was the best Dean had felt in years.
That's it! ^-^ Just kidding. I'll write more. This story is just too much fun to stop here! Also, I believe i promised some kinky Destiel sex too. If anyone has a date they'd like to see Cas and Dean go on just ask! Hope you enjoyed.
NOW Dean please!" Dean carefully removes his fingers and lines himself up with the needy, empty hole below him, already with the condom on and lubed up. When he finally pushes in, both Cas and Dean feel a rush of want, affection, and deep arousal. Dean groanes as he bends down to suck a mark along Cas' collarbone as he begins to move at Cas' insistence.
Dean does not condone drinking and driving, but tipsy and driving is a necessary skill as far as he's concerned. How the Winchesters describe "tipsy" isn't something he needs to address right now. The only thing he has on his mind is the lie he's picked up to tell Sam about why Cas disappeared on them again. Trouble in heaven or something like that. Looking for information on God. Anything that flows.
"You made a bet!?" Both of the two boys demand in unison. All Sam and Mary could do is nod, Sam with a look of shame and Mary with a shit-eating grin.
"When and how do we tell Mary and Sam about us?" It's a good question, a perfect one really. They need to mess with the two in retaliation for all the trouble they've put the couple through with there teasing and hinting.
"It's because she sees me as a son."
"Well we don't have a solid reason for that, but that's not how you eat ice cream Cas." Dean's annoying little brother is about to ruin this show for him, but he's
Dean, not your relationship with your father if you can even call him that. Don't ever think that something like an asshole of a father would make me love you any less." Cas kisses Dean softly over his forehead and hair, trying to kiss away his tears.
He thought back to when he was younger, the first time Cas spent the night. They had known each other for over half of a school year and were best friends by then, wanting more time to be together, Dean had asked if Castiel could come over. Mary, or course, had agreed. John was a bit cold to the idea, but didn't care as long as they didn't call it a slumber party or do anything "girlie". Dean thought of how excited he had been for Cas to stay for more than a few hours. It was first grade, Dean's first real best friend, and Dean's first sleepover. He was on cloud nine. His father gave him a talk beforehand about how he would hear no giggling or crying as those were for girls. They also weren't allowed to eat chocolate or ice cream on a sleepover, or they would have to braid each other's hair and put on makeup. Dean remembers how annoyed John sounded just talking about it.
"Do you think I'm..." The door bursts open, startling the boys nearly out of their skin.
you didn't pout or complain. You most certainly were pouting."
Dean might even hit on this guy before he had met Cas, and if Sam wasn't here. Then Dean noticed that the guy wouldn't stop
Cas and Mary hold each other's concerned stares until the moment's interrupted by another loud sniff from Dean. Cas immediately shifts all his attention to the boy at his waist, still kneeling and mumbling into his stomach.
"Mine." Cas was cumming within a second of that word, and his spasms push Dean to lose control as well.
was making him become slightly turned on.
Cas stirs awake only to an empty bed. He feels sad and cold for a while until he the night before crawls its way back into his conscious thought. Cas glances around the room for any sign of Dean. He doesn't find the older boy, but he happens to see a pair of cum-stained boxers in the hamper that wasn't there the night before.
"Are you ok Dean? You seem a bit irritated."
"Hey, don't laugh at me!" Which, of course, only made them laugh harder, for the brothers say it in perfect unison. They fight to keep a straight face but end up laughing along with the two others. It's the best way to end a day! They play for a couple more rounds until Cas won 10 rounds to eight( Mary was in second with eight, Sam next with seven, and Dean tied with Sam). They joke around and play around while cleaning up.
"Here we are!"
before he left and Dean walked in.
Dean licked his way down the perfectly presented neck until he reached the chest, paying much attention to the nipples there. He licked and nibbled on them, loving the way Cas lurched up and wiggled his hips looking for friction. He licked one fast, then went to the other one and went slowly, swirling his tongue around and around until he felt Cas curl his toes. He looks up to make sure Cas' eyes were still closed. They were. Then he kissed each nibble gently, blowing on them to make sure they stayed hard and alert while he kissed and nipped down Cas' torso.
"I can deal with Tangled. You put the movie in and I'll get the snacks. 'Kay?" Cas nods happily as he heads to put in the movie. His plan was to confirm his attraction for the older boy the next time it's hinted at existing by either Sam or Mary, or possibly even Dean himself. He isn't sure how long it will take but he's fully willing to wait.
This was long overdue, so luckily with the help of some liquid courage, Dean didn't have as much trouble as he thought to let it out. The relief is short-lived for all the damn buildup. The real reason he felt so pressed to deal with that issue is the much bigger, much trickier one that won't leave Dean alone. Castiel.
"You do that m'kay? Don't forget the upstairs windows. I've already locked mine and Sammy's is always locked so you don't have to worry about those. Get some rest. I love you, Dean and I'll see you in the morning. God, it's great to be a teacher, I get summers off." With that, she kisses him on the forehead one last time before heading upstairs after Dean said "Love you too mom, good night.", leaving Dean to himself for a few moments to finish locking the house.
you've been assigned to deal with. Cas is a treasure and such a rare one too. There is no one I trust nor respect more, and if you think you're gaining something by treating him like he doesn't matter, then you're wrong. Don't you want him? Don't care. I do. He's mine now, a Winchester. And I'm not going to ignore his existence. He's far too important for that. So Enjoy Russia you son of a bitch." And with that, Dean hung up, proud of himself. "I'm sorry if I went too far there Cas. I just couldn't take it. I can't just let them speak to you like that."
A hand slides against his chin and back to rest on his neck. He's going to get a tension headache if he doesn't either shut this down or drink faster. He takes a swig.
______________________________
"Hey gu. . . OH!" Sam said as he saw the two men on the couch "watching" Star Trek. They both had messier hair than before and kiss swollen, spit slicked lips. He started to laugh as he brought the stuff into the kitchen and heard Cas "whisper" to Dean from the other room "We should kiss later, but in your bed and not where Sam can find us."
on the couch like Cas had predicted and weren't planning on getting up anytime soon.
"W-why did
Dean couldn’t help but to smirk. This seemed to be going smooth enough. “I’ve known you for many years. You’ve helped me through more disasters than I thought could even exist. You went from a dick-bag-angel that pulled me out of hell, no offence, to my friend. Then you went from my friend to my family.” Dean looked up from his hands to make sure Cas was still on board, and was relieved to find him not just listening, but leaning in with love-filled eyes.
Those beautiful lips stretched out against that ball gag.
awkward than they were before. They weren't talking and Cas was eating fruit instead of the pancakes Dean had made that morning, and if the strange conversations between Cas and himself were anything to go by, Cas loved Dean's cooking.
"So beautiful Cas. Love the way you look when you're all needy and moaning for me and my cock." With that Dean trust in, moaning when he bottomed out. Cas was in complete wanton below him, so he took it as the green light and began to fuck Cas. He slammed in and out of the warm, pink hole as he bent down to lick Cas' neck and back. He sucked where ever he could reach, planting hickeys all over Cas' upperback. Cas looked up at Dean with those lidded deep blues, and that almost did it for Dean.
! Look at us, then who we're so afraid of! An alcoholic, lonely jerk. Just one. He isn't that big, he isn't that powerful. What's he going to do? Sneak in our house only half sober and pass out? Big whoop!" He looks around at their faces, slowly brightening up. Mary joins in.
". . . and why are they so scared about the space barrier breaking anyways? Dean?"
The plots not supposed to be able to happen Cas. Just watch it and pretend it's just someones weird dream ok?" Dean decided to push his luck a little and pulled his arm tighter around Cas.
After a while of back and forth, they start talking about school, from teachers they like to students they don't. Soon they decide to go give Mary some company.
wasn't one of them.
"That would be wonderful," Cas says as he kisses her forehead.
Cas begins to squirm and thrash, signs that he was getting close. Dean is too. It's hard to play with such a willing, handsome body and not reach the edge rather quickly. Dean moves the hand from Cas's nipple to his dick so he could slide his mouth off of Cas just long enough to tell him to cum. He had just sunk his mouth halfway down when Cas' loses control and begins to hump Dean's mouth with hands gripping tightly to the sheets as he came hard in Dean's mouth, the feeling of the tongue on his slit was almost too much after his orgasm began to fade. Dean came only a couple seconds after Castiel, moaning around Cas's cock adding to the sensations. Dean had prepared a towel before he started for clean up, which he grabs absently with all of his remaining energy to clean them off.
"NO! I mean yes. I mean... It was ahem, very distracting.
Give a dude a warning. y' can't just
"I can come back when I damn well, please! You watch your tone boy. Be expecting me soon." The older man slurs into the receiver.
Cas was very hungry too. After smelling Dean's amazing cooking for both breakfast and lunch anyone would be starving, and the fact that he didn't eat any didn't help at all. Cas knew Dean more than anyone other than Sam. That said, he knew that the green eyed hunter went to cooking and whiskey to release stress, and he knew if he tried to go get something to eat he would run into Dean. He didn't want to do that. He didn't want to risk making anything worse than it already was.
"I think I owe Gabe a thanks."
After what seems like an eternity, everyone is done eating and the dishes are clean and put away. Sam and Mary leave with the promise to get stuff for Dean to make bubble pizza and pie for dinner soon. That left Cas, Dean, and all that they left unspoken, but hopefully can now say as far as Cas is concerned. Neither, of course, have the courage to do that just yet.
He just has to wait for Sam and Mary to leave again. He runs back downstairs before anyone can be suspicious.
much...
"Whatever you two are talking about, don't," Sam prompts through a mouthful of pancake.
Sam swore he would never get to sleep again! With a room a few doors down from Dean's he had heard Cas' moans and what sounded like Dean's grunts. It doesn't really matter. All that matters is that he won't sleep for a few weeks and he won't have to deal with his brother and friend's UST anymore.
to know what I missed!" Cas can tell how excited she is, and he wasn't about to let her down.
"Yeah, you ought to do that. And a glass of water for the both of us as well?"
"Ya, right here Cas."
"Thank you, We should get some rest. I can tell that you need it." Dean shakes his head.
"We should go out for ice cream more often huh?"
Now that he finds himself alone again, Dean allows his mind to wander for the first time since last night.
It feels nice just to say out loud, to hear bounce back into his head. It's so much less threatening when it isn't snarled at you from the depth of your "No touching box" in the back of your head.
Cas is almost scared to look in the bag, but he figures he should. Inside was lube
Dean and Sam finally got back from their ghost job in Ohio. Dean was, dare he say,
for any piece of Dean. "Besides, I said I'd do whatever you wanted
"Hhhmg," Sam coughed like the rude bitch he was, interrupting two friends eye contact. Not fair. Dean was just getting lost in those hypnotizing blue irises too! "Sounds good. Well I'm going to go get started on the research for the case." And with that Sam left just as suddenly as he had entered. Dean and Cas sat in silence as they finished their meals. After they were done and Dean had cleaned up the kitchen, the pair went to watch Star Trek in Dean's room while he packed.
When Cas first went over to his house he was met with the kindest person to ever exist, Mrs. Winchester, though she insisted on being called Mary. Cas' parents left very frequently and only came home to wash/pick up cloths, so he practically raised himself with a little help from his older bother Michael. That was, until he left too, never to return from England where he chose to live. So that's to show how amazed Cas was at how constant and enjoyable Mary's presence was in her home and in her family. Not to mention how accepting she was of Cas and Dean's strong bond and friendship. Cas remembers how she used to look at the pair when they ran around together, the way she always insisted that he stay longer, the fact that he never had to sleep on the floor nor air-mattress because she let him share Dean's bed. Now that Cas is older, 17 to be exact, he knows that Mary has always wanted Dean and Cas to be in a relationship, or as Sam puts it, she "ships" the two. Unfortunately, he has to board that ship as well. The thought of Dean and him together like that, though far fetched, always found a way to make Castiel very happy. Cas can't say he felt bad when Mary got a divorce. John was just so mean and abusive that after he hit Dean for sleeping in the same bed as Castiel, she forced him to either shape up or ship out, tired of his drinking and rude behavior. Apparently, he chose to go ruin another family he had accidentally made when he cheated on Mary a few years back. At least now the Winchester household is 100% safe, fun, and free. Thinking of.
By the time he's watching the butter spread on the pan and sprinkling on the chocolate chips, Mary's making herself known. Dean heard her walk in but chose to not turn around. He'd rather let her get her fill of just being awake before engaging in conversation. Which, he doesn't mind having to do; Dean isn't so eager to talk yet either. Dean finishes mixing the batter while he lets the music drain his thoughts for a little longer. After the first two pancakes were complete and Dean's doing little less than just watching the next round, Mary comes over and hugs him from behind, a common gesture for the lovely woman to do. He leaned his head back in favor of turning around.
Dean woke up feeling like yesterday's shit. No, yesterday's shit was at least twice as good as Dean was. After going to bed, Dean suffered from wet dreams of himself and one angel turned human in his old clothes, or rather being removed from them. These dreams also caused Dean to wake up sweaty with a hard-on. Let's just say that by the end of the night Dean had woken up at least 6 times, and did very little sleeping anyways. Cas was going to hate him. When the blue eyed man had acted so coldly to Dean at breakfast that morning, he
“P-Please Cas! Want. I waNT!!!” Cas cut Dean off by sucking him down without warning. Wrapping up the hard member in the wet heat of his mouth. Stubble tickling close to his balls every time Cas went down far enough.
"Oops. Well, I'm still going to suck your cock now. Fair warning, I'm good at it." Dream Cas then got back to work with a sultry wink. Bobbing his head, and swirling his tongue around the weight, paying extra attention to the nerves under the head and at the slit.
at him.
"What do you think we go again later?"
There's a little room for fluffy stuff.
Cas has three fingers scissoring himself open for what might happen when Dean arrives, his groin heavy with anticipation and arousal.
"I don't know." Dean feels lost. His head is too quiet and too loud all at once. He can't think and he can't stop thinking. He feels worthless and scared, not wanting anything to happen to his lover.
your leg started its teasing venture to my leg, I was thinking about school."
doesn't want to, Cas is greeting him. "Morning Dean."
"Don't you dare. This means he's worried about us. He has to learn not to let his head get the better of him sometimes. Besides, he's very passionate when he's worried." She added with her signature wink.
"I'm fine Dean. I just wanted to see how you and Sam were doing on your drive." Cas heard Sam in the background laughing about "Worried boyfriends" and "Can't stand to be alone for more than a few hours". Cas also heard what sounded like a slap and Sam laughing harder.
"Thanks for playing matchmaker and all, but right now I wanna play doctor and this one here needs a prostate exam." Luckily, Dean knew how to get a message across to his brother, and Samsquatch got up and ran out. Where were they? Oh ya, best make out season
Dean found himself in his room, not yet realizing this was a dream. He knew Sam and Mom were out, so it was just him and Cas, his boyfriend.
"I love you. Dean. I'm so glad we're together. I didn't ever want to lose you." Dean stops struggling and lets Cas hold him and shower him with affection.
"Hey-o! How are you two?" Mary asks, walking in with almost all their bags at once. She has two in each hand and one at each elbow, one wrist weighed down by two bags. Behind her, there was Sam, carrying one bag from the store and one from the library.
"Yeah, we're fine. Just finishing up Tangled, which is what Cas choose." They talk about Sam and the library and they go through everything they got at the store.
He thought about the first time John hit him. He hit Dean on the cheek. It was a hard enough hit to make a noise but not enough to leave a mark. Dean looked up at his father with tears barely held back, knowing crying would make this worse. What he saw was a man disgusted with himself. Scared of what he had done to his own child, his own flesh and blood. Mary wasn't home. John looked at his son with a look of regret. He wished he hadn't hit him. He wished his son wasn't so emotional and delicate.
Dean sits down at the breakfast table. He woke up relaxed and happy with an arm full of angel to admire, even though he doesn't feel like he deserves him. He sets a plate of eggs and a heap of bacon in front of him, Castiel had brought him over a cup of coffee already, Sam walks in as Dean lifts Castiels hand in his to kiss the back of it. Dean catches the inquisitive lift of Sam's eyebrow and the slight knowing purse of his lips.
"Well I know for a fact that Dean's been cooking all day." Now Sam looked just plain out judgmental. "Look, I know something happened between when I went to bed and this morning, and if you don't tell me what happened then I can't help you and Dean out. I need you to tell me everything Cas. Everything."
"Yess Cas please oh God yes please." Dean rambles on and on pleading before he knew what he was doing. Cas slipped to the floor, grabbing a pillow on his way. He laid down with his left arm on a pillow, his ass in the air facing Dean, and his right hand lubed up and teasing at his hole. Dean's breath hitched as Cas slipped his first finger inside himself in one swift push. Dean's mouth starts to water as Cas pumps the finger in and out with increasing speed. Soon he had two in, then three, with a lube break, and so on until he has four figures almost a blur in and out. He didn't stop until Dean was panting with pure want, and they were both hard and dripping.
Cas watches as the clock ticks on, fighting against his heavy eyelids until he FINALLY hears Dean start speaking.
he's an angel! I've been praying for one, and then I met Cas. I don't care what Dad says! Cas is my angel.' And Cas, I couldn't bare it. That's why I told him to invite you over that first night." It touches Cas and makes him so very happy to know that there was never any chance Dean
Dean then goes over to help the two unpack, as does Cas. Cas places his back to the older boy as he busies himself putting cans into the pantry. Dean's eyes rave up and down the gorgeous spread of Cas' back and ass until Mary notices.
"Mng pl-please Dean! yo-ugn your fin-fingers, yo-AHGG your coAhk!!! An-anything!!"
Mmmg GOD!!" Ok. Now we've gotten somewhere.
"Dean, it's ok. It's going to be ok. MARY!" Cas runs his hand through Dean's hair, trying to shush his sporadic breathing. "I'm right here, Dean. I'm safe. You don't have to worry Dean, it's all ok. Listen, Mary is almost down the stairs, she'll deal with John. It will all be ok." Dean clutches onto Cas' thighs trying not to cry into his stomach. mumbling about "gotta keep you safe please don't leave me" over and over.
"I really need to go Gabriel. Please rap up whatever you wanted me here for so I can leave." Well that's all the invitation he needed. Gabriel then tackled Castiel and with his superior "mojo" zapped Castiel nude and covered his special bits with red and green striped ribbon with a gold bow.
"Oh thank God." Cas almost runs the last few feet to Dean and wraps him in his arms. "I woke up a-and you weren't there and I was worried you had gone and done something stupid. And I'm rambling, sorry."
Full on fucking moans! His pretty,blue eyes have long sense shut, and the former angel is completely lost in this porno-like world of his.
! I've known since after a couple of months you two would fall in love! And then when Dean fell asleep on the couch a year or so ago and I heard him talking about "Love you so much Castiel." and "Always yours beautiful." Gosh, I almost lost it! And...
. This can NOT be happening. This couldn't be happening. Dean can't afford to scare Cas away now for not being able to keep his thoughts to himself.
"Want me to slid your big cock into my slutty hole Cas? Would that be good, baby?" Cas moaned out his agreements and Dean took out his plug and took Cas' cock the rest of the way out of his boxers. Then, the larger man slipped onto the member presented to him with a shudder.
When his phone vibrated he was excited for a moment thinking it was Dean telling him that he was forgiven and they were going to spend the rest of the day watching movies together. He was wishing of course. It was only Sam offering to buy something for him. Alcohol. He said as much but changed his response once he was reminded of what that would do. He was still hungry, and he had heard Dean tell Sam to get some chocolate when the long-haired brother was upset. So, he decided to ask for chocolate instead. Now would be the time when Dean would make a reference to a show or movie Cas hadn't seen just so they could watch it. Adorable.
with those eyes.
he was talking to Dean after that, let alone eating one of his wonderful breakfasts.
Their passions don't simmer even as Castiel steps away, heat blooming in Dean's gut at the look in his dark, blue eyes. "Bedroom." The gravel in his voice is deeper than Dean expected upon hearing him aroused, but it didn't leave room for discussion. Not that he was fighting it. They briskly walk to Dean's room, as it's closer and he has the lube. They aren't attached at the mouth, but they stand so close together they continue to bump into each other and they're eyes never stray from the other long, roaming like their hands twitch to. They push through the door with Cas kissing his way from Dean's ear to his jaw, fanning the desire streaming to his groin like fire. Dean faintly hears the door click behind him over the sound of blood rushing through his ears. Clothes intertwine in a heap on the floor as their owners do the same on the bed not two feet away.
Cas missed Dean. He was currently walking home from the store since he needed food at his "home", which was more of a storage unit at this point. The sidewalk was peaceful and the trees that lined it gave it a nice shade. He would normally be forcing Dean to carry his bags but the older boy wasn't there. It had already been 73 hours and 15 minutes since they’d been together. They were close friends, and Cas was openly gay by now, puberty clearing any debate left on that issue(there wasn’t much to begin with, Castiel had always swooned over the more
"Ya, ya I'm fine Mom. I just don't like all the unknowns. I don't know if or when Dad is coming and I don't know what he plans on doing when he sees that Cas is still here and
Dean can only wake up with the lingering memories of stubble and a firm hand on his shoulder so many times before it weighs on him. He can hardly keep track of Cas' abilities as the years wax and wane them, but either way, Dean is thankful Cas doesn't talk to him in his dreams anymore. That would be too hard to explain. Dean rubs his temple as the headache that was promised to him starts to deliver. He takes another drink he pretends will help.
"I love him. I promise I do. Every night my parents left without a word, it was Dean texting me that got me through the night."
More endless pining.
is a blush. Cas seems to do this easily to Dean. Everything the younger boy did was cause for his cheeks to flush.
"It's mom, gotta take it." Dean grabs his phone and answers barley before the ringer can finish. "Hello?"
Dean runs one hand up to Cas's hard nipples and teases at them in turn, never stopping his work on Cas elsewhere. He slides the other hand over his own pleading cock and began to jerk off while sucking Castiel off. It's the hottest thing in his life. He liked fucking Cas, oh hell yes! But having more control over the pleasure points on Cas and being able to take him apart with his hands and tongue alone was somehow hotter. Dean felt that anything with Cas would be hotter than it should be able to be. He loves that boy with all of his soul.
"Thank
"Ahh! T-this is r-really good Dean." Cas squeaks. Dean smirks as he continues to rub his foot up and down his boyfriend's calf, making sure to sometimes creep up towards his thigh for more effect. They spend the rest of dinner like this, with some conversation here and there. It's a very pleasant scene.
chocolates, and a candle and lighter kit. He could feel that his face flushing scarlet, be he wasn't sure what to do.
Cas had been living at the bunker for a couple months and Dean recently decided that it would be better for Cas to wear his old, clean cloths instead of the same trench coat and tax accountant get up. Let's just say that neither of them regretted
"You like that Dean? Want more? Or do you want me to go before Sam gets back?" He is so
"Yeah, yeah I am Cas. Got a killer headache too."
"Sorry about Mom. She's still pretty persistent, no matter how much she sees you."
"I lied Angel. I said I'd give you 20 minutes to get ready for me." Dean pushes in another finger next to the one already sliding its way inside of Cas, evoking the most amazing sounds Dean has ever heard. "But sitting down there, thinking about you up here all wanting and needy for me. God Cas I couldn't take it! I only lasted 14 minutes. Do you see what you
"Open your legs for me, Cas. I can't play with you if you don't open up for me. Very good!" Dean runs his hand lightly over Cas's length, still covered in his jeans and boxers, but through the layers, he can still feel it all. Dean starts light and slow, then begins to go faster. Cas wiggles and twitches trying to gain more pressure, more friction, more
"I'm not mad at you or anything like that. Chuck knows I've said some really crappy things to you over the years. Fuck that guy by the way. What I'm trying to say is, you mean more to me than any of the other family I've collected over the years like Indiana Jones and his artifacts. You have more heart than I've ever seen and more faith than I ever had. You care and you show that you do in your own way. You know that I need you around, that your family, but I'm not sure I've made it clear why." Dean stairs at the open road ahead of him, he feels like the rock that just bounced off of Baby's tire. He pretends he's still just talking out loud to himself.
This is pretty much just smut. That's it. Enjoy^-^
"You're weird, but it looks good on you." Dean dodges a punch to the arm on his way to the cupboard to grab the macaroni and tuna, throwing a cocky smirk Cas' way. They proceed to play cat and mouse, laughing at each other and themselves for the next few minutes until Cas finally catches Dean. He wraps his arms around the older boy's waist and starts kissing his neck.
"What are you boys planning to do today? You won't have any interruptions with the house all to yourselves."
"Here you go Dean. Can't wait for dinner." Sam left before he could even say thanks. What was up with his brother today? Dean decided to follow his dorky brother instead of cook. Dinner could wait, especially since Cas wasn't going to eat anything as long as Dean prepared it
Cas leaned against the shower slightly sated from his activities. He quickly cleaned up and got dressed. Still not sure what to do, he called Dean. Dean picked up after one ring.
He looks in the pantry and the fridge and gathers all the needed ingredients to make chocolate chip pancakes to busy his mind. Dean knows Mary is awake, she's always up before seven no matter how late she stays up.
pretty much already moved in huh?" Dean mumbles mostly to himself with a pleased smile. He loves the fact that Cas would never sleep in a bed that wasn't his own anymore. It makes a wave of pride serge up within him to know that no matter when it was, Cas would be under his covers, under his roof, and under his care. It felt glorious to bask in that feeling, but he still has to drive home.
Dean thinks back to an earlier time, an earlier thought he had. "Will you sleep without a shirt on?" The thought of skin to skin contact would help to soothe him to sleep more than anything else he could think of. Besides Whiskey, but Mary would kill him.
"Hey Cas, grabbing water for you and Dean?"
"Alright, night you two. Remember to not get too handsy!" She chuckled goofily.
"No no it's my pleasure. I've waited too long for this
Cas chucked, “Alright, I’m almost there. Ready?” Dean nodded.
looking confused.
want to stop kissing Dean. That's not on the list of things Cas wants to do for the rest of his life. In fact, the opposite is much closer to the truth. The blue-eyed boy decides to lean in and try again, to his success. He's allowed another quick kiss, filled with passion and undeniable heat and want. Unfortunately, Dean is hell-bent on
for a hand to run through it. And those deep, sparkling blue eyes that held the winter sky itself. Not to mention the heart larger than the universe and that deep gravel and whiskey voice
your sent Dean..." The last sentence was all but a whisper. Dean heard it of course, and the thought of ways to cover Castiel in that sent,
“Cas please! Fuck me, make me yours! Want you so much please!” Dean was pushed that much closer to the edge when Cas began to stroke Dean faster.
"Dean, this is your father. I'm coming home." Dean freezes, the smile dying off his face at the voice through the telephone. "I'll be up in a few days. Cas better not still be there or so help me you will regret it. I've told you to get that little shithead out of the house long before I left. No son of mine will be turned into some gay weakling."
“You may enter.”
Castiel is affectionate with his hands as much as with his words. He mutters his praise of every detail of Dean he kisses or holds, both of them half starved and half reverent. Dean removes the hand that was memorizing the soft hairs on Castiel's thigh to reach under his pillow for the lube. He has a small piece of mind to thank past Dean for the lazy clean up last night as he pops open the cap. Cas looks up with an excited quirk to his eyebrow.
"I should probably get dressed huh? Before Mom and Sam show up, at least."
"I love you too Dean."
Cas gives him an adoring smirk, "I love you too, Dean. And those "sinful things" are just as pleasing to me as they are to you." They share a quick kiss and settled in for a long, hopefully, relaxing day with their hands intertwined.
He decided to use his phone as a recorder, and a trip to the store
"I think Sam's taller than you Dean! When did
"You are n-not welcome here! You weren't welcome a long ass time ago! Don't you think you can just stop by whenever you want, this isn't your house and this isn't your family!" Dean's blood boils and his heart raced painfully.
Dean woke up in the middle of the night more times than he would like to admit, and every time he awoke, it was to nightmares of an aggressive father and an injured Castiel.
Cas reached into his pocket and found texts from both Dean and Mary. Guess he won't have to miss Dean for much longer.
The car ride passes in a comfortable silence, both too caught up in their own heads and thoughts as they let Led Zepplin fill the space between them. Cas busy thinking of how he would work this out with Dean, and Dean thinking about how wonderful Cas' new sleeping arrangements are. Once they finally get back home, both have worked out their inner monologues enough to speak.
Come on, how bad can it be to take off a coat?!"
with Mary right at his heels. They go to grab plates and forks without hesitation.  "This needs to cool. You all know that right?"
Cas laid on Dean's bed with his shirt pulled up past his belly button and his pants unzipped. He was moaning and wiggling around. There was a blush that went from his lovely face to what seemed to be everywhere else. "I don't mean to kill your fun or anything Cas, but um... This isn't what I met by "go to bed." Dean, although
"I feel like Mom only lets me hang out with you so much because she wants to see you. Sometimes I want to just, ya know,
Mary and Cas were rounding the corner of the last block before they got back when Cas' phone starts blasting "Devils Don't Fly".
"Hey guys!" Or maybe not. His gigantic, moose of a brother always had terrible timing. 6'4" of dorky, nerdy awkwardness, known as Sam, had just gotten back from his morning run. He went over to the counter and started to mutilate an apple. "I may have picked up on a case somewhere in Ohio. It's just a simple salt and burn, and if you want to come with me I'm leaving in the morning after my run." Dean looked to gauge Cas' reaction and only saw him in a pure state of bacon induced bliss. Dean Winchester is not a girl so
that Cas could never forgive him for. He wasn't about to ruin the only good thing in his life for drunken pleasure.
"Of course Dean. I've been starving all day. We must continue this though. Please."
"Oh, does the big baby want an Aspirin? I can go grab one for you."
"This is wonderful!! Shall we wait to tell Sam?"
"So you get to choose what movie we watch while I make popcorn and snacks, so whadda you choose?" Dean knows Cas will go one of two ways, he may either choose a movie he knew Dean doesn't like and force him to watch it, or he might choose one they both liked and simply enjoy it. He presses his fingers crossed for the latter.
"What, my leg wasn't distracting enough?"
"Then I'll call them, put them on speaker, and you won't leave my side." Cas can't keep staring at Dean like this any longer, not without doing something he isn't 100% ready for. He still wants to establish feelings first, then worry about the... other stuff.
"I want you to feel like somethings missing when I'm not around because that's how I feel when you leave. And I know I'm a coward and my soul is more beat-up even than the rest of me, but it's all yours if for some reason you want me. You really are an angel Cas, no matter what happens. To me at least, whatever that counts for." The field he finds himself in is a peaceful one or would be if he was in any other state of mind. The weeds and grass tall enough to sway in the breeze that tickles his cheeks through the open windows.
Cas laughs, a loving gleam in his eyes and a happy smile on his face even though his face is slick with a few unwanted tears, "If that will make you feel better, then of course."
"Well 74 hours and 50 minutes might be a new record! I'm surprised the two of you lasted that long without seeing each other! Let's just be glad you're both here now!" Mary said as she put more popcorn over the stove to cook. "I think we should have a movie night while Sam's out with Jess. Why can't we enjoy a little date night ourselves!?"
Dean just got back from a trip to the store when he heard rustling from his room.
Dean is starting to get worried. He's trying to deal with it by just cooking bubble pizza,
"Ya actually. I'm going to read this book I found in the library and probably go shopping for some food and supplies."
"Beautiful," he says more to the air around them than to Dean as he leans in to kiss the righteous man. Dean leans into it, soft and meaningful at first. That is until the longing and the need crawls its way from the pit of Dean's stomach to the ache in his chest through to their kiss. He wraps his arms tighter around Castiel, who is leaner than his coat would lead on, and pulls him as close as they can be with the layers between them. Dean deepens the kiss with a swipe of the tongue along Cas's lip. The angel makes a soft, pleased noise at the change in pace as Dean searches for more contact. Cas, having put Dean back together a decade ago and healing him countless times since then seems to know every button to push. He grasps at the hair towards the back of Dean's skull. Dean can't tell if he minds the stale beer on his tongue, but Cas shows no signs of hesitancy as his dances with Dean's.
"Why? It just ended two weeks ago. You don't already want to go back do you?"
"Hey angel," Dean steps in front of Cas so he can look the younger boy in the eyes through his lashes. "If you unpack real quick and don't pout, I'll do any. Thing. You. Want." Dean licks a quick line near the shell of Cas' ear, and can't help but smirk at the audible whimper Cas makes. The older boy moves barely quick enough to avoid the ever-so-eager lips that tried, yet again, to meet his own. "You gotta unpack first, babe." He chuckles.
“C-CAas!” Dean whimpered impatiently, thrusting his hips into the angel once he figured out words were beyond him in this state. He wanted so badly, had for so long. It was becoming almost unbearable to see Cas so close to his groin but still teasing and kissing at his thighs.
Cas couldn't even look at Dean. Not after the dream he had, anyways. After falling asleep to the sweet smell of Dean Winchester, he had a very...human experience. In dream land, Cas was talking to Dean when all of a sudden, the green-eyed hunter was sliding onto his lap, not that he minded...
his brother was annoying! Let a man worry about his friend! What if Cas tried to leave the bunker without him? What if...
"Course Cas, love you too." He looks to the slightly shorter boy and smiles, though he can tell it looks forced.
"You are family." Dean and Mary say in unison.
when he thought that the Branden guy was the worst thing he'd have to deal with in this God forsaken Dairy Queen. That stands. Well, until Cas starts eating his ice cream. He starts going at it like it's the most amazing thing to ever touch his lips. Cas licks at it and
"Yeah, you knocked me out pretty well huh? Haven't had sex like that in... ever!
"Ha ha, great deal. You do work and I'll get dressed. That's not fair Cas."
a bloody nose!"
And with that, the new couple walked down the bunker hallways hand in hand. Cas watched Dean cook for the three of them, and this time when Dean put Cas' plate in front of him, he didn't refuse himself a kiss to the dark hair just above the shorter man's forehead. He could get used to this.
"I know Dean, I know." Dean sits up facing Cas with a look of determination and adoration. He kisses Cas' cheek softly.
"Night Cas" Again, Sam's laughing could be heard. Cas almost said "I love you", but instead he hung up.
"Goodness Dean you're going to be the death of me. But I'm hungry so I need you to cook for me, so you'd better follow me!"
"The usual I believe. I will sit on the couch for the majority of the day and watch star trek with you. If that's all right with you anyways." Dean tried, he really
"Thank you, Dean." And with that he's right back to it! Possible
"Dean, Cas? Mom, what's wrong?!" Sam comes over to try to find any clues as to what had happened but finds none. He looks to Mary for answers, but she just points at the door, motioning for him to follow. She drags him into the kitchen ignoring the bitchface Sam pulls at being left out.
He makes his way upstairs to the bathroom, where he brushes his teeth and uses the restroom. Dean gets to his bedroom with Cas, who has already slipped into bed. He places his water on his nightstand and Cas's on his before he removes all his clothing except his boxers and slips into bed himself.
"I also remembered to get everything for a pie. I'll see you soon Dean. Tell Cas I said hi and that I got him something."
"Cas is perfectly capable of taking care of himself for a couple of nights! It's his choice if he sleeps here or at his parents' house." Dean looked to Cas for some help. Luckily, he understood.
"Come on, Angel. I want you to focus on feeling. Sight would only distract you. I want you to feel every little movement on your skin, every little touch I give you," Cas trusted Dean, so he moved his head back in place. "So good for me Cas." Dean then maneuvered around Castiel until they both were completely without clothes. The boy moaned through the shirt in his mouth when Dean went extra slowly while removing his boxers just to tease him more. Dean took a moment to look at this beautiful being laid out before him. Cas was hard from the teasing and Dean's mouth watered at the sight, but he wanted to continue. He bent down over his boyfriend and kissed his tight lip above the shirt, making Castiel buck a little to get a move on things; he was too hard and needed for all of this teasing.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Dean and Cas wave Mary and Sam off, hand-in-hand, and as they pull out of the driveway, Dean slides his hand onto Cas' ass. Cas is quickly getting used to how loving and protective Dean can get. Cas closes the door and immedietely sinks into Dean's arms, warm and comforting.
Dean chuckles to himself as he pours another helping of whiskey into his glass, tiling it around in his hands with a shrug. He downs it and grabs the bottle instead.
"Just one more. Fifth grade, Dean came home from school and the first thing he said to me was, "I don't like Cas' parents." Now, this alarmed me. I decided to ask him about it. He said, 'I can't tell you too much because I promised Cas I wouldn't, but they don't like him. I don't like anyone who doesn't like Cas! He's just so perfect, he's an angel.' Cas, I miss that. Dean just telling me how he felt about you, and school, and even John. He was so honest, but now he's only like that while he is asleep." Mary lets out with a heavy sigh. She really does miss Dean talking to her like that, but hopefully, he'd open up to Cas now. Mary can't think of a better emotional substitute than Cas. She has been aware for some time now that Dean suppresses his feelings after John's verbal abuse, and the only time he released them was when he was asleep. She regrets not being around more to comfort her son and stop her husband, but she had a life back then too and didn't notice until too late. She kicks herself mentally whenever she thinks about it.
! feels so perfect. Ya!" The deeper Cas got into the warm heat of Dean, the louder he got. Groans and growls mixed with moans, all breathed out onto the former angel's neck in-between bites and nips. After a while of thrusting, humping, and riding Dean came all over Cas' bare chest, tearing Cas' orgasm from him.
"As long as my parents continue to not give a shit about me then we're already there. Here's your water." Cas already knew he was moving in because if his parents told him he couldn't, he was taking his stuff and moving anyways. "I hate it there, no one is ever around but me, I get the money for food through the mail, and they let me pay the bills online. I feel like a house-sitter. I've never gone on one trip with them, but they're always traveling. It's like they forget I exist. I'm their son for crying out loud! Did they ever love me!? I don't remember the last time either of my parents told me they loved me!"
"You get that look from Mary. What are you planning to do with me, Winchester?" Cas asks with a fake look of fear.
With a sigh, Dean tilts his head back and glances towards the direction of the library. He listens for any sounds of footsteps or prying ears. Nothing
"Shush, Dean. We can deal." Mary says as she snatches it up with oven mitts already on, bringing it to the table with Cas behind her holding the plates and forks. Even Sam shuffles behind them to the table. At least all three were already thanking him for cooking.
Dean will forever deny any notion that he got a boner in that store. That said, it doesn't mean he didn't.
It took Dean less than a second to figure it out.
Cas was panting and rutting trying to get the friction he so desperately craved. Even dream!Dean was a cock tease. "P-pl-
"I belive to be in love with you Dean, and though I have tried to suduce you it doesn't seem to get my message across. I decided I should just ask you pointblank. If you don't wish to speak to me any longer than I can easily go find a new place to live. I'll-"
As they got there Dean had just arrived from his shopping trip. Gabe had enough time to right a note saying "E
"Ugh. Ok." Cas didn't sound happy. Well, not that Dean can blame him. The guy is a kick ass kisser and that isn't the only thing Dean can image those lips being good at...
ice cre-cream?"
“Yes beloved?” The new nickname did nothing to help Dean’s brain work faster, nor did the smirk Cas gave him before moving just a little closer to the very flush and needy spot Dean craved his attention to go.
a spirit first. It could end up bei...blah blah blah blah blah blah blah."
At least one of those two didn't rely on alcohol for everything. Unfortunately, Sam needed Cas to drink for this plan to work. Then again, Dean would use that to discredit Cas, so maybe this would work better anyways. He got in one of the extra cars from the Men Of Letter's garage, and went on his way.  By the time Sam got back, it was around 7:00 and since it was winter, that meant dark. After he gave the cooking stuff to Dean, he set out to put his plan in action.
"Merry Christmas Dean."
he love Dean? Cas was wonderful. He was gorgeous, kind hearted, and he always put others before himself. Really, Cas wasn't just wonderful, he was perfect. But Dean didn't like cock, so none of this was girly nor crushy damn it! Cas just really looked good in his clothes...
None-the-less Dean made pancakes and offered some to Cas, who just shook his head no and grabbed some of Sam's rabbit food instead. Ouch.
"I'm so glad to know Dean really liked me. And I never quite understood why he called me angel until now." Mary nods as they round a corner.
"Thanks for doing your job and all, but even if I come off "unfriendly" to you, it doesn't mean that you get to hit on my friend and act like a complete asshat. Now my brother is going to pay you, sense I can't look at your face any longer, and you're going to leave Cas here alone. For ever." Dean then gave the douche a sarcastically polite nod and guided Cas back to their table in the same manner as before. Dean was planning on ignoring Sam's apologies to the guy, saying dumb stuff like "Still blindly in love" and "Head in ass where the dick should be". Whatever that means.
"Mom, what are you even hinting at? Do I even want to know?"
Dean thought about the first time his mom and father got into a fight loud enough for him to hear. They were arguing about Mary's cousin who had come out as a lesbian. She wanted to attend her wedding in the spring that year, but John wouldn't have it. Dean remembers hearing him ask if her blood spread this to his children. Dean was nine. He stops thinking about it. He has a family here that loves and accepts him no matter what. John isn't there. John may never show up, and even if he does? Dean isn't a little boy anymore. He's old enough to fend for himself and fight back if he must. He isn't a little seven-year-old boy looking up at his father with fear anymore.
"Love you Cas. So much. Mine, all mine. Not Meg, not Hannah, Hell, not even April can have you. Balthazar can find another guy to harass. You are all mine Castiel." Dean's thrusts begin to falter, and Cas starts jerking himself off in a sloppy rhythm, practically shaking with the effort to stay upright.
"Then can you cook please."
(See the end of the chapter for
decision. Dean shirts and jeans were a little baggy. Some times his tops threatened to expose a shoulder or part of his collar bone, and the pants laid low on the ex-angel's hips. If Dean thought that Cas might share the same feelings for him that he had towards the former angel, he would jump him at every chance life gave him, though he can hardly resist as it is. Cas on the other hand, loved the way Dean ogled at him with his new wardrobe options. It gave him a truly human feeling he couldn't quite identify, but if Sam's computer was anything to go by it's something called "Pride" or possibly "High Self-esteem".
"Sounds like a plan Cas." And with that, the two help each other to fix their hair and dry their lips before Sam or Mary could return.
today.
"Hey buddy, um you look great and all but do you want me to help with that?" Dean motioned at Cas' leaking hard on.
"Dean," Cas said in what he thought was a seductive voice, which was really just the same voice but more slurred. "May I borrow your jacket? I'm just so cold, and it does smell wonderful. Smells like leather and coconut shampoo. Smells kinda like you. And I do
"There you are. I knew you had to wake up sooner or later." Dean is so lucky to have what he has, to hold Cas' heart.
said, even if Dean did love Cas.
After licking and nipping at Cas' bottom lip, he got the message and opened his pretty little mouth. Now that Dean didn't have to hold back, he bit and sucked his way from Cas' stubbled jaw, to the point were neck met shoulder. Cas moaned when Dean gave him an extra hard nibble. This was fun. Before they got too far on the first impact, Dean broke away with (not so) little protest from his angel.
Then there was the heat. The addicting push and slide of hands and the feeling of one soon to be lover’s breath on the other’s neck, mouth, and sometimes ear. It was a delicate difference between passionate kissing and hands racing to remove cloths. The desire between each overpowering the sense to keep it slow and make each moment memorable.
crying. Nope.
"Merry Christmas Cas." And with that they fell asleep wrapped up in each other's arms.
"You 'didn' havta yell." Sam grumbled, whipping the sleep out of his eyes. Dean hopes he isn't napping so much due to yet another incoming growth spurt. He was almost as tall as Dean already.
Dean speeds up at the new angle, feeling the tightness in his balls building up and the tightness in his stomach coil more. He could stay like this forever. In Castiel, with Castiel. It was the most right feeling in the entire universe, pleasure, and security in copious amounts.
"Don't call me that I'm not little anymore!"
It was Christmas Eve nearing midnight and Gabriel was getting excited. Not to say he hasn't been excited all day but still, gotta be shaky right before showtime right? He ran his hand through his longish, brown hair and paced the room waiting for Castiel to get there. He was going to have to be quick in wrapping him up before Dean got back from the store. Gabe made sure that Sam had something to do for a while by putting him in a fake world where everything was how it'd always been, monsters and all. As Gabe was getting restless he heard the fimilar rustle of feathers. He whipped around to see his dorky brother, messy dark hair and all, standing there in his
"Haha yeah. Som'thing like that." Dean shifts his eyes away, not wanting Cas to see him blushing. Even after all the years they've spent together, it's the one thing he doesn't like Cas to see about him. He resents the fact that he blushed so easily, let alone that he blushed at all. But it's not his fault this time! Cas, the boy of his
"I love you, you dummy. For four years I have been in love with you! It's been hard but hopefully worth my wait." Cas winks at Dean, knowing he was pushing his luck. He really wishes Dean would just take the hint.
"Large Oreo for the big guy, pie for Mr. Unfriendly, and a vanilla cone for the angel." He did
"Sure. I'll be right back
"Look, we don't really care. I'll take care of the bills, which by the way, will be much lower without you using up so much electricity and water. I suppose we can still give you an allowance for whatever you get up to with your friends. You do have more than one friend don't you Castiel?" Before this woman could say any more, Dean butts in, the need to stay by Cas' side far too great to ignore.
"Dean, it's not like John will just creep into the house in the middle of the night, and even if he does, I'm sure Mary will let you lock up tonight so you can be sure he doesn't. Would that make you feel at ease enough to sleep?" Cas already knows Dean was going to have nightmares of some sort. He is going to be calling out to Cas and cursing John again and again in his sleep. Cas doesn't quite know what to do, but whatever he can think of would just have to do.
to me, Angel? I love you so much, have for years. Don't doubt that Angel."
"Well the "black-hole" was your mother and she did stop me on my way here."
"I wouldn't be so bossy if you didn't like it. I know how you work Winchester." Cas comes up behind Dean, pressing his chest into Dean's back and putting his hands on Dean's waist as he leans in to whisper into his ear. "What wouldn't you do if I told you? I bet you'd let me jack off to your pretty face, showering you in my cum."
drawer in Dean's room, the chocolates get dumped randomly on the bed, and the candles and lighter kit tossed under his pillow.
"What?!" The actual hell?!?!?!
actors). Not to mention completely upside down and inside out, head-over-heels for his way out of his league-best friend. He was getting pissed at the world for letting him fall in love with his best friend just to let him see how undeniably straight he was. Until he wasn't anyways. Dean had recently come out to being bisexual, which surprised everyone, seemingly including Dean himself if the nervous declaration the boy made during a Star Wars marathon was anything to go by. Luckily, some chance is chance enough for Castiel. He seems to be spending much more time thinking about the green eyed boy than he used to. It's been at least 4 years since Cas realized he loved Dean in more than a brotherly way. The pair had met in first grade. They were in all the same classes and were almost always put into partners together, and after a while they grew to truly get along until they were practically inseparable.
"The plot just confuses me is all. None of this is very plausible Dean." Dean watched as Cas' brow furrowed in his cute little way and his head started to tilt all adorably
" I need you to tell me everything Cas. Everything." Oh.
"That feel good baby? Look so good all tied up and filled up. Fucked up and begging." Dean pumped his fingers harder with every praise he gave the angel.
They had to tell Sam and Mary sooner or later. It's sooner now. Bonus! Mary giving Cas a lesson on why she knew Dean loved him.
"Heya Sammy."
Just after the door slams behind them, Mary begins the interrogation.
inform me on
"Is that what you wanted baby?
love him.
"He won't hurt you nor Cas, Dean. Hell, I won't let John step foot into this house! He decided to leave, so he better stay gone! If he hurts one of my boys... oh he won't leave without
"Mornin' Cas. You look... human." Dean says in the most kind way he can manage. He doesn't want to upset the freshly fallen angel now does he.
They push and grind together, leaving kisses and heavy breaths against each other's cheek and neck and forehead. Anywhere they can reach as they move together. The tension in Dean only building until it has nowhere to go but out through the groans he can't hold back. He feels where Castiel left love marks starting to prickle as their rhythm stunts. Castiel creates distance between Dean and himself so he can see his face. Dean watches Cas fight to keep his eyes open as pleasure courses through them, building. Castiel slides a hand around Dean's mad, pink member, catching Dean up to Castiel's lack of control. They become a mess of sensation as time loses meaning. Castiel cums first, length deep, nudging Dean's prostate. He never stops moving fully, but his strokes become more grinds than thrusts as he rides out the shock waves in a blissful trance. Dean only needs a few more pulses against that pleasure spot and strokes of Castiel's wrist before he pools between his stomach and Cas's firm fingers.
"Jerk."
Dean finally shuffles in balancing two cups of soda, a large bowl of popcorn, and a bag of varying candies. He sits down carefully, almost squishing himself and Cas together, and hands Cas the popcorn and his cup of pop. Cas hits play and they snuggle into the couch for the show, shoulders to thighs pressing lightly together comfortably.
They finish brushing their teeth and go to put on sleeping clothes. Dean easily strips down to just boxers, whereas Cas prefers to sleep in one of Dean's old and baggy shirts as well as boxers. He would never tell the other boy, but it was so he could be completely enveloped in Dean and his scent. It brought Cas extreme comfort.
"Nah, I think he'll notice." And with that, Dean grabbed Cas and kissed him. Hard. They didn't stop until Sam came back from the bathroom. Dean will forever relish in the glare Branden was giving the new couple.
Well, Dean was
"Ooooooooooook. I'm just gonna... Um... Go to bed now? Have fun... uh, doing wa-whatever,
"You know, while you were gone I did things to myself. Naughty things, Dean. Very bad things. It felt sooo good though. I thought of you too. Hmmmmmgn. We could recreate some fantasies if you would get a little closer with a
Dean glances at a, yet again, unhappy Cas with an apologetic look.
"Ummmmmmmm. . ."
"No." Maybe he should have lied a little, but he simply didn't have it in him to make a convincing lie.
"What do you want me to do? Want me to suck you off, sloppy and fast? Or maybe you wanna watch me open myself up for you." Dean moaned at the last one, turning over to rub his hips against Cas.
"Mmm, both." Dean starts on the mac and cheese for Cas and himself. He doesn't even notice he was naked until he leaned against the counter and felt nothing but cold.
"I'm just asking what you two are planning on doing all day without any company. Sam and I are going shopping after we head to the library. The point is we're not going to be around and you two are. I just wanted to make sure you're not throwing any parties." The last remark accompanied by a wink.
"Dean, How are you? You ok?" Dean nods.
"Good." She said laughing slightly. Dean lets Cas pamper him sometimes and it’s good that Castiel forces him to do things for the both of them sometimes. "Hey, can we talk real quick?" Mary had noticed a long time ago that her boys were in love with each other. She had recently noted that it's only getting worse with time, so she set out to solve it. No matter how many times she's hinted or pushed, she gets nothing. So Mary decided that a head-on approach would have to work.
"I do wish I could have more time to be quirky and weird without the fear of anyone judging me."
"Hey baby, I need you to tall me something," Cas nodded ferociously, to breathless and moany to speak. "What do you want hmm? Ya gotta tell me what you want baby." Dean could get used to this.
Alrighty then. Come on." Dean gets the very reluctant Cas up off of the couch, with the movie still playing in the background. Dean leads a pouting Cas to the Impala, trying to work with the now mumbling angelic boy. Dean takes one look at him and knows he isn't motivated to unpack.
to judge me."
Dean lifted his calloused hand to grasp Castiel's cheek as he leaned in too slowly. He wasn't about to rush this. Cas on the other hand seemed impatient as he closed the space between Dean and himself. All of a sudden, Dean was feeling sparks and the softest, sweetest lips he had ever kissed and moaned just a little in the back of his throat as he leaned in all the way and deepened the kiss. He ran his tongue over Cas' bottom lip causing the angel to let out a surprised gasp and open his mouth, which Dean used to his advantage and slipped into the warm, beautiful mouth he had dreamed about. He ran his hand through the messy locks he new so well and immediately  fell in love with the feel of the dark softness. They broke away after a while just to breath and stair into each others eyes. The final spark of profound bond hit in that moment when green hit blue and their worlds were forever one. Dean whispered "I love you" into Cas' lips as he went in for another kiss but Cas backed away just long enough to say "I love you too." before he continued to kiss Dean. They mapped out each others mouths and tastes, and basked in their new experience of their love until they heard Sam open the door to the bunker. They both jumped back into slightly more normal positions except for the little extra closeness they were both too afraid to have before.
about Cas for the whole week and a half he was gone. Dean Winchester is
"I'm bi."
"Well it will take a few days to get there, maybe three more to find and kill the son of a bitch, and another couple to get back, so at least a week. Maybe longer." God if looks could shatter and hearts could literally break... The look Cas gave him was the same look a dog gives you when you accidentally kick them, or the look a cat gives you when you step on their tail. Dean didn't know why he was getting that look from Cas, but it did nothing to make him feel better about leaving. Maybe he could come up with some excuse for Sam... No. No need. He was going on a case and having a friend had never stopped him before. Ugh. Dean ignored all of his thoughts and feelings and just kept watching the TV.
looking at Dean with all the force in Star Wars.
"Y-ya! Cum for me baby! L-let me see you squirm!" With that Cas was gone painting his chest, and the bed, sticky white. Dean followed not long after with the way Cas' hole started to spasm."
, I think I've waited long enough." Cas let loose with a triumphant smile. He knows just which buttons to push...
- Cas
Cas removed Dean from his mouth. “You look so gorgeous for me Dean. Just want to flip you over, bend you down and fuck you nice and hard. I’ve been thinking about doing that for so long. I used to be so nervous, so timid around the subject, but the more I imagined you under me, out of breath and needy, it became easier for me to lust without guilt. Easier for me to gain confidence. Yet it was still never easy for me to tell you this.”
They both take a moment to catch their breath before actually showering. Once they're dry and dressed, they decide to cuddle on the couch and watch Doctor Sexy M.D. "Thank you for that Cas, I love you and all the sinful things you can do."
"There you boys are! I told you not to be a Cas-hog for too long!"
"You cute little weirdo, stop that. It tickles! You're like a cat I swear!"
"Ya sure. I'll go with you. I'll go pack up after breakfast." Dean replied as he sat down to eat his own eggs and bacon. He sneaked a look (that he would never admit wasn't too subtle) at Cas, and to his surprise, there was a flash of sadness across his friend's face at the news of his leaving.
"I'm going to unwrap your pretty little dick Cas, then I'm gonna fuck you until you can't breath right." Castiel moaned and gasped at that as Dean removed the ribbon and bow from Cas' leaking dick. Dean gave him a few strokes then started to focus on Cas' hole.
"D-Dean I'm s-so sorry. Didn't hear you come i-in."
"You sarcastic beauty. Get over here and kiss me." Cas slips behind Dean, kisses him on the top of the head, and wraps his arms around broad shoulders. Cas buries his nose in the dip between Dean's neck and shoulder and lightly breathed it in. This was all his now.
Once inside the bathroom, they both strip off their clothes and kiss each other with a passion and hunger that consumes most of their mind, the blood rushing to their checks and groins. Dean steps into the shower first, making sure it was a comfortable temperature and pressure, then Cas stepped in and starts running his hands and lips all over Dean's skin. As soon as the green-eyed boy turns toward him, Cas sinks to his knees and begins to kiss the taller boys thighs and hips, teasing him slightly.
He doesn't want to look him in the eye. "Cas, no hard feelings, right? We can just. Breeze on past th- Oof!" Cas wraps him up in one of those clinging hugs they've shared before. The shorter man tucks his head into Dean's shoulder and clutches at his flannel. He smells like sunlight."You do make me happy, Dean. Expect for when you choose to be completely obnoxious. I gave up my old life for you, most of my old family. You've always been worth it Dean. I believe that I have loved you for a rather long time." Dean pretends he doesn't feel his eyes start to itch. He lets go and clears his throat. He can't think of anything to say. Before he can even try to, Castiel pulls back and slides his hands around Dean's face.
"Just wanted to check up on my little bro is all. Why don't you take off the coat and stay awhile?" At Castiel's hesitation Gabriel knew he'd have to work a bit harder to make his job easier
"There you are. I was getting worried. Wouldn't want that black-hole in the kitchen to get you."
"No, no Cas, trust me. You will thank me soon! If it's too much, snap your fingers, and I will stop." Castiel nods to show Dean he is ok with this and he understands. Dean pauses and strokes through his hair, giving his lover time to back out if he wants to. When he's satisfied with the wait, he continues his teasing. Castiel hears Dean sit back and remove his closing, he gets upset knowing he doesn't get to see, so he turns his head to the side to show his protest. He hears Dean laugh before trying to move his head back.
Taking one last deep breath, he knocked on the door and wait for a reply before going in.
"Shut up Dean, you know what I mean."
"Bitch," Dean replies easily with a smile as he lifts the bubble pizza out of the oven. Just as he sets it on the counter, Cas comes in looking less flushed than earlier
"Are eggs and bacon ok?" Dean was trying not to stare at Cas, but did Cas seriously need to look so
excuse for Sam to get what he needed.
hard to be cheesy. Now, kiss me again
"I did!
satisfied.
I just don't know what's going to happen and I don't like not knowing." He ignores the feeling of his heart arguing with his chest.
would just make things worse. At least if they could get any worse.
“Now I could never say no to that beloved.” Next thing Dean knew, There was no pressure on his dick and he was being moved to his hands and knees. He knew the moment Cas say his slick hole.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
"I really hope you can move in Cas. It would be nice to have you here all the time." Dean was almost scared Cas wouldn't be able to live with him, but he had a point about his parents not caring much for him.
"Sorry, sorry, but you get my drift. Sam, go pick out a movie, Dean start on dinner. Cas and I are going to have a long talk down memory lane. Come on!" Cas looks to Dean as if to say "wish me luck." And with that, he's dragged toward the door so they can talk.
Cas didn't hesitate. He pushed Dean onto his bed and immediately started to remove Dean's clothing. As soon as his boxers were pulled down, Cas started sucking in earnest. Just as Dean was starting to get lost in ecstasy, he remembered he had plans with Sam today. He had to stop Cas now or he wouldn't be able to later.
"So tell me
cries!"
"If he tries to find us outside of the home, we live here! We have a community of acquaintances to help us out!" Cas chimes in.
"You cooked, I'll clean. Now go! Please." Dean reluctantly turns away to clean up and make the bed before actually getting dressed. By the time he bounds back downstairs, Cas is done with the dishes and moving towards the TV.
He then sucks in the whole length without warning gagging slightly at first, smirking when Cas arches upward and stifles himself through his makeshift gag. Dean takes pity on the one he loves and sucks hard enough to cause a wave of intense pleasure to shoot through Castiel's veins, but not so much that it hurts. He bobs his head as he moves and licks up and down, applying more pressure and more speed as he went. Dean looked up to watch Cas' face. He is delighted and aroused to see Cas with his mouth open and the shirt dangling out, darker with spit from Cas' mouth. He also noticed how tightly Cas had his eyes shut, trying not to fling them open out of intense pleasure. Dean ran his hands
After Dean starts to mumble in his sleep, Cas knew it was ok to open his eyes. He shuffled a bit to be more comfortable, causing Dean to stir, but luckily not waking him up. Cas had heard him whisper, "Love you." and he didn't know what to think about that. They had said it before but something in his tone was different this time. Like there was a secret hidden behind the words. The more important thing was the fact that Dean was starting to toss about, which meant the talking was next. He didn't have to wait long, luckily, because if he did, it was going to be a long night. Perhaps he should have asked Mary for a cup of coffee."
"Ok well, I'm going to go to the restroom. Maybe you two should talk while I'm gone." Gosh Sam could be so ANNOYING.
"Dean, what shall we practice  when we get home? I w-was wondering if w-you could, um... continue to teach me h-how to be human. IF that's ok with you, I mean."
"Mno. Stay. Don't even have to continue, just
He looked at himself in the mirror, already feeling more nervous than he would ever admit. “I can do this.” He said to himself. Now Dean knew it wasn’t strictly normal to give yourself a pep talk, especial not about such things, but what was he to do? “I can go up to him and tell him the truth, put it all on the line. And who knows, maybe if you play your cards right you can land an angel in bed.”
"Yeah sounds good."
When Cas and Dean bang for real who should top? Heheh Hope you enjoyed this. I'm going to write as often as I can until this is over. Any suggestions *cough* or kinks *cough cough* are welcome! Thank you all so much for reading.
"uuug" That wasn't Cas. Shit. That was
So hot baby, so hot."
"I just won't sleep."
"Glad to be of service to you," Cas says with a chuckle. He shifts up out of bed and starts to get dressed again, to Dean protest.
"Yeah Cas?'
me for that?!" If Cas wasn't pouting before, he was now. It was almost too cute to resist.
Cas smiles at Dean.
"Mac and Cheese. With tuna, please."
After the initial wave of pure panic and terror, Dean finally recalls how to speak, "Don't you
"Ya that's all... Maybe some stuff that I could wip a meal together with. Ya know, 'cus we have to eat and no one else can cook 'n stuff." That's better.
One moment they are out the door and the next they are pulling up to a very unfamiliar house. Cas is surprised at how distant this house feels, even though he lived here for almost six consecutive years. It's a large, cream colored house, four stories not including the basement. It has a whole lot of "look at me" space that Cas finds no need for. He's almost glad he never had to stay here that often.
"I'm in." They then say good night and head upstairs to get ready for the night. As they trek upstairs to brush their teeth, Dean can’t help but wonder if Cas would mind staying here forever. He was already here more than not. Cas has stayed over weeks in a row without going to his parents' house. And that's another thing, it's not "Cas' house" or "the Novak's". It's Cas' parents' house. Everyone refers to here as Cas' home. Hell, half the kids at school already call Cas "Winchester"!
"Still, Cas didn't spend the night here for two whole days! I was worrying all night every night! I'm just used to him being here, not in that big house all alone and unguarded."
"Ye-yes Dean! So pretty for you
"Ok." Dean was ready for Cas to turn him away and leave when he heard Cas speak. He was getting ready to stand up and walk out when what Cas said finally hit is ears.
"Because I was trying to pass as threatening, and to make sure you heard the old nickname. Did it work Cas?" At once, Cas has both a pair of green, concerned eyes and a pair of green, mischievous ones trained on him.
Dean was still thinking about Cas moving in while he slipped into bed. It could be like this every night! Just him and Cas and one bed, another's warmth to accompany his own. It would be awesome. Of course, he would have to work harder to control his crush on Cas, not to mention the dreams he's been having lately... But none-the-less, Dean wants Cas to move in. He can only hope that the Novak parents are open to the idea of fully getting rid of their son. Dean watches as Cas slides out of his shirt and reaches for a shirt he had given to Cas. Dean sometimes wishes that Cas would just sleep without a shirt, but that doesn't happen, the kid runs cold and modest. Just as Cas was getting into his side of the bed(The right side), Mary knocks on the door, making both of the teens jump momentarily.
"Ya Cas?"
"I think you're open enough now Cas."
that's cold! Why didn't you tell me I was still nude man?!"
"Oh, I completely forgot I was wearing clothes. I don't remember your protests nor my promise to suck you off later in a shower. I complete didn't notice, Dean."
"Moooom! Please calm down a little bit ok? Just a little bit?" That is going into "never chart this uncharted territory." zone." Dean cuts off the mortifying story before the flush in his cheeks can get any worse
"Why didn't you notice?"  Cas finds it extremely funny that Dean never caught onto the fact he wasn't wearing anything. He also feels grateful, and no one could blame him for enjoying the sight.
happen?"
They walk up to the house, Dean grabbing the key hidden in what he called the "mail thingy" to the side of the door. They step through the door into rooms upon empty rooms. Cas' room is on the third floor, on the far left of the stairs. He doesn't really have that many possessions left in this house. mostly clothing and a few random books he's gathered through the years, and a stack of postcards from his parents for holidays and birthdays they had missed throughout his life. Cas and Dean work together with little to no breaks, stuffing what little he has into boxes and carrying them down to the Impala. In total, he only had four.
Dean broke away to turn around and address his brother.
"Cas, you're my angel no matter if you've fallen, and before this sound girly I really wanna fuck you right here right now. But I gotta go cook for you, Sam, and myself. We
the hunter was. All stubble and masculine. Cas then decided to show Dean just how hot Cas thought he was. Unfortunately, Cas being extremity naive about human behavior and with his buzzed self not really knowing how to do this correctly, Cas just said whatever came to mind.
"This is not amusing Dean." Cas all but whines. He manages to get to the car without any more complaining. They decide that Dean would bring the boxes to Cas, and Cas would put everything away. That way everything was where he thought it should be. Cas does, however, take the first box upstairs with him to get started. After a while of this, they finish moving Cas in.
"We're going to watch a movie of my choice, eat junk food until we drop, and who knows, we might even talk to each other," Cas quipped sarcastically before stuffing another piece of bacon into his mouth. "I'm also going to call my parents and see if I can move in here." Everyone whips to look at him with words of congratulations and wishes of luck on their tongues. Dean especially looked pleased and even dashes up to give Cas a hug before he realizes what he's doing
continue this later tho. I promise." Cas looked really good aroused and begging with hickeys and bruises forming down his neck.
"What about you Sam? Any plans for today?" Dean was trying to think about anything but Cas rubbing his arm slightly in his attempt to grab a cup of coffee for himself.
"Well, as soon as we can move we should clean up and head off to bed. Sam should be back any minute now so as soon as he comes home we all go to bed. Deal?"
Dean and Castiel spent the majority of the day cuddling and watching whatever shows came to mind while simultaneously fending off any offending and unwanted thoughts or concerns. They ended up watching a couple episodes of Psych and Parks and Recreation and were altogether successful in not overthinking their current position of potential doom. Cas did have one small outburst a short time after a lunch of Hamburger-Helper, but it didn't last very long to Dean's relief. The dark-haired boy had simply allowed his mind to venture into darker territories. Luckily, Dean was there to hold him and talk him through his fears.
helping you wake up!"
growling, Dean simply put his arm around Cas' waist(very non-heterosexually I might add), gave the dude a threatening death glare, and guided him to their table for the evening right in the middle of him saying something to Cas. Dean was 100% OK with ignoring the looks Sam was giving him(and his arm) at the moment. He could seriously stop at any given moment and Dean would not care.
