It’s agonizing, he realizes, not knowing. He remains caged to a motel room he was abandoned at in the slight chance of being rescued, and he only leaves his cage to please his absconder. And he knows he can stop by Lisa’s house and find out, hide himself again and see if Dean decided raking leaves is better than Castiel’s company, but he can’t bring himself to do it.
He knows about the dirty motel rooms and the lack of resources and the sometimes three-week-long hunts where Dean wouldn’t know if John would ever come back and the expectations Dean had to uphold and the consequences when those expectations weren’t met. He knows how it only took a prepubescent Dean looking too long at a male model on a cooking magazine for John to ban him from any hunts for a month because he didn’t want some “sissy queer” watching his back. He knows that Dean still dreams of every time he let his father down.
They exit the highway and drive into a border town of Virginia. A roadhouse stands behind the city sign, one that seems empty enough for Dean to pull into. They walk in, take a seat at a corner booth behind the bar, and order soon enough. Dean, a burger and beer; Castiel, a water. He doesn’t drink, but it’s nice holding something cold, and watching the drops race down the glass helps him ignore Dean’s gaze.
Castiel blamed it on the monsters, at first. After all, the last they heard was one Winchester is in the cage and the other is retired and living an apple pie life. The Winchesters were out, and every other hunter was just a rock in their shoe that sometimes got lucky. It wasn’t until Castiel saw Dean receive a text from a fellow named Garth with a sighting that he realized there wasn’t a sudden influx of the supernatural.
Dean sighs and takes a moment, body still and breath steady. Castiel takes the chance to take in the newfound softness in Dean’s features. He looks considerably younger, almost childish, almost Eric Brady. But there’s still the confidence, the broad shoulders and steady stance and hardened eyes that shows Castiel there is no real difference.
change.
Despite Dean claiming he’s hungry, he drives until the sun reflects too brightly on the dusty road. Castiel points out a few diners on the road, but Dean doesn’t respond, so Castiel doesn’t push. Instead, he looks at Baby. She’s still exactly the same, except for the suitcase in the backseat. It’s a small, black, simple thing, but it commands all of Castiel’s attention. Castiel doesn’t know if it’s because of how devoted he is to Dean, but he wonders if the suitcase is a peace offering. Dean would choose it over a conversation; he prefers to speak through actions, not words, and the suitcase is right there, begging Castiel to read in between the lines. He doesn’t. He just keeps his eyes on the road and refuses to make the suitcase any bigger than it is. He won’t let his hope rise in this car again.
, the theme song has been running through his head ever since the batteries died from the remote to the tv in the motel room in Arkansas. Castiel could have turned the tv off or switched the channels in a blatant misuse of his grace, but one of the characters looked like Dean. Younger and more reckless, but Eric Brady wore Dean’s face well.
He tries not to take it personally. Castiel did have an issue with being either self-obsessed or a martyr, no in-between, and ever since Dean prayed to him, he’s found no balance between the two. On hunts, Castiel throws himself in front of every attack he can. Any other time, he fidgets.
The thing is, Castiel knows all of this, but it still isn’t enough for him pretend the kiss did not happen. Because while the kiss may be just another disappointment for Dean (and John) Winchester, Castiel has made up his mind on the matter. It’s as he said before: he’s either self-obsessed or a martyr, and right now, he chooses to be
“How’s Lisa?” Castiel asks, his voice keeping a carefully considerate tone. He knows that Lisa’s been crying every night since Dean left and that Ben’s acting out in school since another father figure has abandoned him and that the yard remains unkempt in his absence, and it’s paralyzing when he finds himself uncaring. If only his brothers and sisters can see just how much Dean Winchester has polluted him.
Instead of trying his luck, Castiel moves to the chair and sits. A small pillow is laid on the seat, one Aggie favored when she was pregnant with her second child. It’s pink and frilly but soft and practical. He rests his arm on the table, his elbow resting right next to the small vase. It’s the one Dorothea worked on in her ceramics group. She gave it to Aggie as a house-warming present.
He doesn’t expect a kiss at the next red light.
It’s a miracle when a prayer comes to existence.
That’s all he gets out before Dean interrupts, “You don’t have to be here if you don’t wanna.” Then Dean exits stage right, and before Castiel knows it, the scene has shifted from a motel room to Baby as they maneuver through the backroads of some city in Tennessee.
” is somehow twisted into “
“Nothing because the issue isn’t yours. It’s mine.” And it suddenly makes sense, how Castiel nearly idolized the Righteous Man, seeing the rake in his hand as a Moses’s Rod, only to discover that he’s merely cleaning his yard. He’s running through the motions and keeps his worries confined in the white picket fence of his world. It’s still enough for Castiel, more than enough, but that’s no fault on Dean. No matter how impressive or devastating Dean is, he is still limited, and Castiel cannot stop himself from making those limitations his religion.
Team Free Will had decided early that they would get a very tiny tree and put it in the center of the table.  The Winchesters at first weren't going to get one at all, due to the hassle of getting a tree inside of the bunker, but then Cas insisted that they have one.  So they complied. They all knew that Dean could never say no to those blue eyes.
After finishing washing the dishes, Lisa glanced up and out of her window to see two men who appeared to be very caught up in each other.  Why they were locking lips right in front of her home, she had no idea.  One of them looked familiar, she realized.  But it would be wrong to stare, wouldn’t it?  She looked down, ready to walk away from the sink so she wouldn’t be able to see them anymore, but then she remembered.  She was pretty sure, anyways, that one of them had hit her with his car.  When she looked out the window again, the couple was gone.
“Yes, we have been married.”  Castiel is as honest as ever.
“You’re not completely disposable, though.  You could help me get a little
Not too far away from where Dean stood alone, watching his brother leave to answer the phone, were Castiel and Meg, who were both somewhat antisocial, but stepping out of their comfort zones for entirely different reasons.
Maybe kiss Cas??
“There isn’t enough time, just go.”
“I um...got you this because it made me think of you.”  They were pajama pants.  With hotdogs on them.
Quickly, Dean turned back to Cas, and found that same smile still there, and it clicked.
Castiel scoffed, replying that Ketch knew that he was gay.  It wouldn’t have been convincing.
“Boys?”
would get to stay, what Cas and their son had put together for him.
“C’mere and dance with me.”
Cas gave what could have been a smile and took a seat on his bed.
, he thought. Surely the object of his affections would come.
Eileen looked just as she had the last time Dean had seen her.  She opened the door with a smile, quick to go into Sam’s arms.  And then, of course, to kiss him.  Dean wondered how long she had been waiting for.  He looked over at Cas.
Inevitably, Dean started to leave Castiel messages.  Not all of them sober, but some were.
“Cas.”  It was a whisper.  Dean moved quickly, past Sam, and then he had Castiel in his arms, chin hooked over his shoulder.  He felt him tense up at first, but then tentative hands found their way onto his back, like Castiel wasn’t quite sure if he was allowed to touch Dean now that his feelings were out in the open.  It made Dean’s heart ache, and he tightened his arms around the angel.
“I want to, though.  Say it.  Eventually.”
Dean didn’t leave, not until Castiel did, anyways.
Castiel’s wings were spread out, and bent over the chair.  They weren’t full and fluffy, no.  They were rather thinned out, with large bald spots.  He blinked his eyes open, looking around a little before seeing Asmodeus, who strode over and turned Castiel’s chair to the side.  Asmodeus grabbed one of his wings, forcefully stretching it out over the table.
Sam laughed softly and nodded.  “Don’t worry, Dean.  I’ll give him plenty of time with you first.”  With that, Sam retreated into the hallway, likely going to his own room to sleep.  Even with no audience, Dean rolled his eyes at his brother’s words.  It was just because it was Sam, not actually because of what he’d said.  Dean was less and less bothered by the thought of other people thinking of him and Cas as...well, as something.  The eyeroll?  Well, Dean just didn’t like it when someone else had the last word. It also bothered him when Sam was right, or when Sam was acting like Dean was wrong or didn’t know that Sam was right.
Castiel smiled.  The underwear had been a comfort to himself while being apart from Dean, but he was pleased with the positive response they were getting now.  He reached out undid his boyfriend’s pants button, letting his hand linger as he pulled down the zipper.
They were cuddling in bed when it hit Dean again, that he really never wanted to have to go without this.  He played with Castiel’s fingers as he spooned him.  He started the way he did with most vulnerable discussions, stumbling.  It spilled out of him after a while, how he loved so many things about Cas, the way he talked, always sounding so smart but not caring if others thought so, that he was funny without even really trying most of the time.  And of course, he had to throw in that Cas was real easy on the eyes.  With his eyes and his soft hair, and basically every part of him, really.
Dean moved forward, eyes trained on Castiel, but he’d only moved just a step before he heard a thud, something getting thrown against a wall, sounding like it came from another room, or a hallway.
So of course the whole
Castiel had just been there when the brothers had returned to the bunker after defeating Chuck, and the conclusion they’d come to was that this was Jack’s last gift to them.  Dean remembers how when he first saw him, his first thought was
“You should have been happy to see her with the first husband!  It should have been enough to just know that she was happy.  Just because, just because you want someone, and you want to give yourself to them, do anything for them...you don’t have the right to them at all.  They could feel nothing for you, and you just have to accept that.”
Ketch couldn’t help but be annoyed.  Of course the spell worked.  It came from the British Men of Letters, after all.  He’d been hoarding it for some time, and while it was true it had never been tested on an angel before, he’d always been confident that it would work, and eager to see it in action.
__________________________________________________
“Skip the foreplay and get over here.”
“Cas, I...This isn’t what I want.  Lisa, she’s not...I don’t want to be with her.”  Castiel’s eyebrows moved together, forming a question, but Dean ignored it, choosing instead to do something that he’d imagined himself countless times before.  The hand he had on Castiel’s arm slowly slid down, down, fingers circling the angel’s wrist, and then he was gingerly holding his hand.
It was all Dean's parents' idea after they found out about what had happened.  The prince had been very upset when he had not seen Castiel within a day following the last ball, or at least, was not aware that he had seen him.  Dean insisted that the whole shoe fitting ordeal was unnecessary because he would know by looking at the man's face.  But
Dean didn't even knock, he just threw open the door, which had been slightly ajar.  The sudden action caused Cas to drop something. A quick look down revealed that it had been the mixtape he'd given to Cas years before.
“Sam’s already looking into the lore on angel wings, I’m sure.  Undo that Men of Letters spell crap.”
“Ah, Dean.
Dean noticed the attention and asked, “Is this okay?”
It was a great morning.
Castiel closed his eyes.  What more could he do?
The shreds of fabric were discarded, and as Dean dabbed at the punctures, he noticed the dim, fading light of Castiel’s grace beneath some of the worst of them.  The injuries already looked a little better than they had before.  Some blood got onto Dean’s bed, coming from Castiel’s back, but it wasn’t minded.  Most of the cuts in Cas’s back were pretty shallow, thankfully.  Dean put some ointment around them and placed a large bandage over his skin.  He’d never been filled with so much tenderness while treating wounds.  The urge to hold Cas in his arms and kiss his forehead was powerful, but he knew he had to just leave him be and let him rest.
"Me neither," Castiel replied bluntly, and Dean laughed.  And then they danced.  This time, there really was no one else, and no piano in the background, but it didn't really matter to either of them.
Castiel smiled slightly at the mention of his son and nodded.  “Yes.  It has been going quite well...I actually came here to deliver the two of you to your homes.  To where you can rest.  Eileen has been waiting for you, Sam.”
Dean happily obliged.
So Dean let Cas rest, watching over him and surveying how as time went on his breaths got deeper.  The more he could see the rise and fall of his chest, the better Dean felt.  A good while after Castiel had been thoroughly cleaned, Dean settled himself in a chair, dragging it close.  As much as he wanted to lie down beside Cas on the bed, he feared he would end up rolling onto his wings.  He was thinking of them like butterfly wings, so delicate that even just touching them could reduce their functionality.  And to hurt Cas after what he’d just been through was something Dean wasn’t willing to risk.
While the dresses were being made, Castiel, with the help of his animal friends, had made a giant disguise made of feathers and fur.  He put it on, took a bag of his things, snuck out the window, ran, and never looked back.
“Yeah?”
“Cas, I know your wings...are hurt really bad, and that they probably looked way different before you met me.  But I think they’re awesome.  Seriously.  And they’re the best wings out there, if you ask me.”
"We are still under mistletoe, Dean.  I believe you are supposed to keep kissing me," Cas said, pulling Dean down by his collar.
Another ball occurred that night, and Dean was anxious.  His eyes darted around the room and his hands were starting to sweat.
Sam chuckled softly at the other end of the phone.
The queen knows what she wants, she knew what she wanted when she agreed to the marriage, but she is not one to force one into something.  Melinda has never killed or given an order to kill anyone that she did not believe deserved it.  Or wanted it, as her clan sought out those suffering, close to death, who preferred to die less painlessly, living out a dream.
“I am a lover, you know.”  Asmodeus's movements slowed somewhat as he began to speak.  “I am sure that you, as an angel, are aware, but I loved a woman once.  A human.  Beautiful.  Her name was Sarah...She did not return my feelings.”  Castiel could relate.  But it was difficult to think about that when a blade was cutting its way into his flesh.  He stopped trying to resist his bounds.  It was only making his wrists hurt more, trying to fight against them.
And maybe it was too soon.  It was too soon.  But he just didn’t give a crap.  Castiel couldn’t imagine going another night without Dean.
Though Dean was a prince, he had hardly any manners.  He never said please or thank you, and he always made a point to look disgusted in the presence of Castiel.
"Can I call you sunshine?"
After Sam cleared his throat, they finally separated, and Castiel was given another hug, by another Winchester.  As Sam pulled away, he was smiling.  “So, Cas.  I heard you’re helping Jack rebuild Heaven?  You been busy?”
The Straggled Hag was not allowed to be at the ball, they were too disgusting for the guests to look at, so Dean couldn't even humor himself by messing with him.  The bored prince was just about to go get another slice of pie when finally someone arrived that got his attention.
"Hey there! You kind of left last night in a rush."
Eventually Lucifer got the shoe on his foot, but it looked like it was about to break.
“Please stay.”
“Did you just say you love me?”
Dean knew there was something off about Castiel’s voice on the phone.  Not off in the same way it had been off earlier, that adorable awkwardness.  It was more than that.  Dean just knew.  Or more accurately, he had a strong feeling.  A voice in his head said that maybe he couldn’t accept that Cas simply wasn’t that eager to talk to him, or to see him.  He pushed that away.  And maybe Ketch’s arrival and the memories of Mary he brought along with him made Dean even more on edge, made him even more hesitant to trust what he heard.  He wasn’t sure.  That was what he’d said, too, when Ketch had asked him about his angel.  His.  Dean tried not to think about how the words were so clearly meant just for him, how Sam didn’t even attempt to answer, instead looking at him, waiting for him to.  It must have been obvious that he was supposed to.  And Dean had indeed answered, no denying.  It might have been because he was too worried, or maybe he just didn’t feel like pretending he was put off by the idea of Cas being his, which, had he ever really?  No.  But in that instance, answering Ketch’s question, he was not only very much
Castiel just nodded.  Not much else happened for them that night, and Dean wanted to punch himself for not making more happen, but he simultaneously felt like he didn’t deserve more, and like he was definitely going to be miserable if he kept letting that be an excuse.
While Castiel definitely had some of the most remarkable features he’d ever seen, he soon learned that the guy liked to talk a lot too.  And stare.  Intensely.  And he seemed smart, Dean could see why he was in the same school as Sam, and he was down to Earth.  He mentioned something about bees, and Dean just nodded along, distracted by the bit of hair that curled against the guy’s forehead.  Dean thought Cas was special.  He hadn’t looked at anyone else since they met, he realized, even though some of the girls walking past were hardly decently dressed, which he usually would have been all over.  That was kind of dangerous, too.  Dean told himself that the only reason he wasn’t giving the ladies as much attention as he usually would was because he was putting in the effort to look like a good boyfriend, to get paid.  Yep.  Getting paid.  He was not falling for someone that he had just met.  But when a Led Zeppelin song played at some point, he couldn’t help but think that it sure seemed like it was meant to be, they were meant to meet.
“Wait wait wait,” Dean said quickly.  His mouth was finally working, it seemed.  One of his hands reached out and caught Castiel’s sleeve.  How many times had he lost Cas already?  At this point, he’d lost count.
Sam acted like he was grossed out by their sappy stares, but he was truly happy for them.  This was definitely his favorite Christmas. They were all safe, for once. All completely in control of their own bodies, all together, and all content.
“Dean! Dean, where—?”
And regardless of any of this, Oliver is simply not a threat.
And Castiel just looked more confused, trying to meet Dean’s eyes, looking for an answer.  Meanwhile, Dean was staring down at their hands, wondering if this was enough.  Cas loved him.  He loved Cas.  And they were holding hands.  Or he was holding Castiel’s hand, at least.  Castiel was rather still.  Maybe this wasn’t enough.
, he thought.
"You f-find me...attractive?"  It was difficult for Cas to speak as Dean was having his way with his neck, but it was understood.  The angel felt Dean scoff against his skin.
Castiel was gaping a little, and as strange as it was, he was a little jealous of himself. If his face wasn't covered in feathers, the prince would have seen him blush.  He was worried though.  Clearly Dean was repulsed by him now, wasn't he? Or maybe he just couldn't see that he felt more.  He wanted to be with Dean, but it was hard to ignore how disgusted he had always acted around his current appearance, his dark feathers.  He would never want to be with him like this, would he?
Castiel comforted her of course, considering Kelly a good friend by this point.  Eventually, she asked him if he could babysit Jack while she went out with some friends, which she clearly had not done in quite some time.
“This is...was our song.”
They also talked about Castiel's love for animals, and Dean's family, Samuel in particular.
He continued to enjoy this view until Castiel was blinking up at him, which Dean found adorable.  It was impossible to resist kissing all over that sleepy face.  Castiel enjoyed this very much, and after he was woken up enough to fully reciprocate, he led Dean’s mouth to his and parted his own lips as an offering.  Morning breath be damned, Dean took it with enthusiasm.
As a response, Castiel threw his arms around Dean and kissed him.  Their lips had only been touching for two seconds when Dean moaned and put both of his hands in Castiel's hair.  He let his fingers weave through it and the other man happily hummed against his mouth.  Dean smiled and murmured, "It's so fluffy."
Castiel knew that he wasn’t meant to answer, but he wasn’t sure of what he would have said if he could.
"I'm sure you'll find some way to make it up to me," he said, rubbing his hand over Dean's in a way that really shouldn't have been so stimulating.
As they passed house after house, they were quiet.  Dean kept wondering which one was his.  Why it was his.  Did Castiel have one?  With Jack, maybe?
When Asmodeus sucked his last grape into his mouth, he stood up from his seat and walked around the table until he was at Castiel’s side.  From his sleeve, he took out a long blade.
Castiel’s eyes were wide open for the first few seconds of the kiss.  It was soft, just a press of skin to skin.  Though it was still hard to believe that it was really happening, Castiel let his eyes slip closed, and he leaned into it a little bit more.  Dean’s hand moved up, palm sliding up the sleeve of Castiel’s trenchcoat, until it met his cheek, causing the angel to let out a soft hum.
Eventually they’re holding hands again and making their way to Dean’s room, and then they’re embracing again, but this time, they kiss, and then they’re on the bed, and they realize at the same time that they left the groceries at the Djinn hideout.  They don’t really care.  Holding hands is what they’re doing the next time they go to the store, Dean insists that it should be this way every time from then on, even though he had always been eager to pass on the chore to Sam.  Dean likes for everyone to see him holding Castiel’s hand.
The ring of his dead lover was displayed on a pillow in the center of the castle, an ideal spot for all to gaze upon its stylish silver.  The new law held that whoever the ring fit perfectly would become married to the King.  Many journeyed to the castle for the chance to try on the ring.  And they were not just women, for Chuck had always been open about his sexuality with his people.
Walking through the woods with Oliver, Castiel is reminded of Purgatory.  His more recent visit.  Being led to the Leviathan blossoms by the monster that truly just wanted to trap them.  Them being him and Dean.  Dean is not there now, though.
When the door is opened, Castiel is met by the face of his wife.
Apparently he was being too clingy now.  He thought that Dean had liked that about him.
A week after their trip to the park they were arriving at the Novak household, to celebrate the engagement.  Another man in Dean’s place might have been nervous, but he honestly did not care about what Chuck or Castiel’s siblings would think.  They were in love, and happy, and getting married, and that was all that mattered.
Inias quickly figured out the connection between Castiel and Dean, and scrambled away, pink in the face.
“You killed her,” Castiel choked out.  It wasn’t a question.
Dean wanted to kiss it off of his face.
Lucifer did not look at him.  His eyes were trained on the people.  “When someone does, it will be nothing but a slap in the face...Surely there must be something we can do.”
“Got to go.  I’ll, ah...be there shortly for the fun.”  He ended the call with a slight smile.
“What do I have to bribe you with for you to say yes?”
store.
And then there was a smile on both of their faces, and Cas was wearing a light blue sweater with a penguin on it—underneath the trenchcoat of course—and this was seriously the best Christmas that Dean's had in a long time.  Ever, actually.
Without a doubt, he would make all of his New Year's resolutions about Cas for the rest of his life if he stayed.
With Cas underneath, their lips rarely left each other.
“Oh, Cas.  Ain’t no thing.”
“Castiel was playing with the ring,” Lucifer immediately accused, with Michael nodding his head in agreement.
Cas thought that this, Lisa, was what he wanted.  Cas arranged this for him, believing that he couldn’t possibly have Dean.  Loving Dean, just wanting him to be happy.  Regardless of who he was with, or if that meant Cas himself would probably be alone.  Maybe he’d have Jack at least, Dean wasn’t sure.
The man’s name was Inias, which he had no problem with revealing to Castiel as soon as he went up to him, reaching out to brush something invisible off of his shoulder, his hand ending up sliding down his arm, following it even as Castiel moved backwards.  This was what Dean saw as he exited the little store and started making his way back to the car, jaw tense.  It didn’t take long for him to reach them, just long enough for Inias to pull some cash out of his pocket as he started to explain...something, when he was yanked by the back of his jacket by Dean.
It was summer.  He should have been outside, and relishing the feeling of the sun on his skin, or perhaps enjoying some melon, which he knew could be prepared for him if requested.  Never would he have seen himself in his current predicament.  He was expecting the wedding planner to come by at any moment.  Wiping at his face, he tried to pull himself together.
Of course, no one called him that here. Here, he was known as Straggled Hag.  Dean usually didn't even call him that.  He just barked orders.  Once, he even threw a bucket at him.
Castiel had nothing to worry about, though.  Nothing was going to be scaring Dean away.  The only thing Dean was scared of now was the thought of Cas leaving him, of not knowing how needed, how wanted he was.  After getting used to the feeling of the angel’s mouth, Dean brought his other hand up so that Castiel’s face was being held on both sides.  Dean’s kisses were becoming more insistent, and he was moving closer, nearly pressing Castiel against the white fence.  A quiet gasp from Castiel, and it wasn’t just lips on lips anymore.  On every level, Dean was all in now.  This former soldier of Heaven was his, and he was finally touching him like he’d only dreamt about, hands moving from his face, slipping under that coat, that jacket.  There were no complaints about this.
expire—or just go bad from being left out.
“Mmm...Cas,” Dean said as he peeked an eye open.  “You’re up.”  His voice was small, just a murmur.
Dean lifted Castiel’s hand to his lips, to kiss his knuckles.  “That’s what it means.  You know?  If that’s okay.”
His family comforted him when he told them what happened.  Castiel had never been that close with them, really, but even Lucifer gave him a hug.  That was definitely not something that happened every day.  The youngest Novak must have looked as broken as he felt.  Novak.  It looked like he would be staying that way now.
Though he has the excuse, which is not enough, that he hasn’t exactly had ample time to really talk with Cas since he came back.
Quietly, after a moment, Castiel asked if it was cherry.  Dean grinned.
Dean blinks and his eyes focus on Cas.  “What?”
Later, as Dean drove away from the school, with Castiel’s number in his phone, he explained over a call to his brother the situation with Cas.  That as far as anyone at the school was concerned, Dean was Castiel’s boyfriend, and that he would be there whenever an event of Castiel’s required his presence.  He made sure to let Sam know that he was handling it great, that he was getting paid.  Basically, that there was nothing to worry about.  He got it.
Castiel feels at a loss as he regards the pies at the store, knowing that Dean had asked for apple specifically.  There is no apple.  Years ago he would have burned the entire establishment to the ground, but he has developed more respect over time for people in general, and understands that it is no one’s fault.  This is not an attack against him.  He gets cherry.
Castiel is sitting at a table, a few other djinn lingering close by.  A small squeeze to his bicep causes him to jump a little and glance next to him quickly.
Resolution number five, complete.
He just left.
On the first day of the new year, Dean went over his resolutions.  He had never made a list before, but his wishes all centered around a very important part of his life, so he decided that changes would have to be made.  He'd never wanted anything as much as he wanted Cas. Cas's happiness. Cas's permanent presence. Cas.
Oh.  Dean didn't think he'd get anything out of him.  He wasn't sure if the question was a good thing or a bad thing.  After asking, Cas bent over to pick up the mixtape and then placed it on the dresser by his bed.  The action gave Dean the perfect opportunity to stare without being caught. Every feature of the angel was lovely to him, from his hands to his eyes to the shape of his shoulders.
Once they were out of Sam and Eileen’s place, Dean had been heading back to his car and thinking of what he could say, when he was stopped by a gentle hand on his shoulder.  “We can go on foot from here, Dean.”  Castiel turned and began to walk away.  So Dean followed.
Despite the attitudes of some of the Novaks, the inappropriate jokes from Gabriel, and Ruby, just in general, they had a nice dinner, and Michael put on some classical music after while they chatted.  The conversation bounced around from when the wedding might be, to the prospect of Anna moving out and in with Ruby, and then to questions directed towards Lucifer about whether he and his girlfriend were currently on or off.
As soon as they were inside, Cas closed the door and wrapped his arms around Dean's neck.  Their noses were nearly touching. Dean wanted to look around the room to see why his angel had been in there for so long earlier, but he was completely captured by Cas's loving gaze.
"Please stay, Cas.  I want to fix what I've done, no matter how long it takes."
And he should've said that a long, long time ago.
Dean blinked a few times, and then bowed his head a little.  It was understandable, he thought.  Now, he wasn’t sure exactly what kind of trust Cas was talking about.  If Cas couldn’t trust Dean to be there for him.  To talk to him.  To be a decent person.  Or if maybe Cas thought that Dean’s loyalty to him had wavered.  That hurt.
“She, she wanted to have kids with you?  Cas, you seriously need to stop marrying random chicks.  I mean, I get that you did it to get the forbidden fruit or whatever, and I appreciate that, but you could have just ganked ‘em all.  The whole clan.  You didn’t need to agree to that.”
"Probably anything about me that doesn't have to do with my name or my family."
Often, Castiel was one to be blunt.  Maybe not with his feelings, but it was time to get some clarification.  It couldn’t hurt at this point.
“You’re gonna have to drive,” Dean mumbled, distracted, as he took his keys out and threw them at Sam.  As he did this he never took his eyes off of Cas.  “He’s gonna be fine, it could have been worse.  He just needs to rest, and, and we’ll figure the wing thing out.”
Dean walked up to him, having started to come down the stairs when he heard the door open, and nodded, mumbling about how he had thought they were pretty, and how the flowers apparently bloomed really nice around this time.
Castiel was as quick as he could be in getting his pants off, revealing that his underwear was adorned with cartoon bees.  He soon felt a hand on his rear, gently kneading his flesh through the cotton.  Turning back and looking up, he could see clearly that Dean’s eyes were trained on the bees.  Or his ass, depending on how one wished to look at it.
"Yes, Cas.  Very. You're beautiful."  Cas's neck got a lot warmer and then they continued what should have started years ago.
Quietly enough so as not to wake Jack, Dean started talking.
With a laugh, Dean replied, "No, no I didn't.  To clarify: I am
__________________________________________________________________
Dean’s brain stopped working.  Any answer to that question seemed out of reach.  He was reaching for it, though.  As his month moved, failing to form words.
He figured Cas had some kind of Christmas surprise for him.  Though he wouldn't admit it to anyone, he was really excited.  The only thing that bothered him was that Cas was spending a lot of time alone in their bedroom, and not with him.  Wrapping presents shouldn't take that long, and all of their gifts should have already been gathered in the kitchen.  It was a pretty small pile, but it was something.
Sam watched his brother get into the back with Cas and close the door.  He knew that he didn’t really need to respond to what Dean said.  That Dean was mostly trying to convince himself.  Still, he really hoped that Dean was right and that Cas would be able to recover.  He got into the front seat and started the car, knowing that he was going to get yelled at if he didn’t get them out of there as soon as possible.  Even as he was doing that, he couldn’t help but be aware that Dean had pulled Cas’s head into his lap and was running his fingers through his hair, ever so gently.  Sam wondered how aware
"Yes, yes I will.  I'll marry you."
Maybe if Sam wasn’t right there, he would have finally said what he knew Castiel deserved to hear.
“Damn it...Michael, do not just stand there!”
Eating ice cream had gotten the couple’s mind on desserts, specifically what kinds they would have at their wedding, so that was what they discussed for most of their ride home.  They were laughing about something, about how disgusting carrot cake is, and then they were moving onto the seating, talking about certain members of each side of their families meeting for the first time.  Families, which included their friends as well.
"Castiel!  I've already checked with your king about everything. He said that you may pick whatever cake you'd like."
During this happy state, Dean continued to get Castiel flowers, and maybe he seemed especially affectionate, even more flirtatious than usual, so full of joy because of how it was real, them spending their whole future together, the idea of that, it was solid and right there.
The angel tilted his head slightly–Dean really liked when he did that–but did not say anything.
And then Dean felt like a complete ass.  Of course Cas was insecure.
“I did not request to see you sooner, because I know that you have been busy.  Saving the world and all,” she says softly, finally looking up at Castiel again.  “I had hoped that you would finally be ready to join us.  That you would come with us back to Syria.”
“...No, I don’t.”
Dean had some doubts, and as usual they were all being aimed towards himself.  He didn't want to waste any more time. If there was even a chance that he could be happy, he'd take it.  Especially given that Sam gave him the heads up that it seemed like Cas was getting ready to leave, and for good this time.
was of what he was doing.
Then Dean started coming home late, drunk, and angry, always angry, or just delirious.  Castiel took care of him.  He always took care of Dean.  Later, he found out that Dean had been going out drinking with some guy named Benny.  Just a friend.  And Castiel trusted Dean.  He really did.  But it was getting harder and harder to go on, going to bed without Dean, he couldn’t sleep.  They weren’t really sleeping together much at all any more, in any way.  Castiel wanted to give Dean what he wanted, space.  But...that wasn’t what he truly wanted, what he, the way he saw it, selfishly, wanted.  What he selfishly wanted was to feel loved again.
Another time, it was hot towels.  It was at that point that Castiel realized why he was assigned to Dean in particular, and why it was only him.  Surely every other person that had taken on the job before had left, unable to put up with the man any longer.
“Of all the things I love about you, this is my favorite.”
Sam took care of it, always the one more eager to handle John, and Dean was still really grateful for the way that it had all worked out, though he did wish he had stood up to his father more often.
“That’s one way to catch my attention.”
The answer was yes.
“Hello, Dean.  Sam.”  Castiel’s eyes settled on Dean, as they often did, though with some hesitation.
"It's fine, " Lucifer squeaked.  "We're engaged now!"
being wet and cold...he kind of did.  Cas loved the cold.  As long as he was dressed.  And as long as it meant Dean would hold him.  Or that’s how it used to be, anyways.  Dean wasn’t exactly sure where Cas stood now.
Agile were Castiel’s bare feet as he wandered through the halls, his path illuminated by lavender candles, burning bright.  Castiel had always been drawn to bright things.
He rushed to Cas's room, he seriously had to do this now.
“So no one has fit it perfectly as of yet,” Michael commented softly.  Standing at his full height, he appeared as just the prince he was.
Ketch was gone.  He’d gotten away as soon as he’d helped the brothers get into Hell.  Certainly, he was making his way to some hideout.  Dean planned on killing him the next chance he got.  For now, he was just glad that he had left him alive to help them out.  Finding the entrance that Ketch used wasn’t something that they could have done on their own, and, judging from how Cas looked, things would have been a lot worse if they’d waited for another way.
said.  Dean wanted love, just like any other human being—Who didn’t want some type of love in their life?—and he wanted to share it with Cas, to give and receive.
Dean just scoffed.  And without really realizing what he was doing, he started to highlight why he didn’t think the idea was ridiculous.  Cas was pretty great, talked really smart, oh, and he was a literature major, why not throw that in.  Cas was really great at maintaining a conversation, and even if what he said lost any flow that it might have had, it was always more than funny enough to make up for it.  The things that dude talked about.  And Castiel’s hair was really soft too, Dean sure wouldn’t have minded getting to touch it again.  And again, the way he talked, the way they talked with each other, there was a rhythm to it, and the way they touched too, or just looked at each other.  There was nothing else like it.
Dean went on to say that he hadn’t been able to sleep lately, and that he knew he owed Castiel an explanation and a lot more, that he was messed up and had issues and was hoping to work them out, that he knew he'd sabotaged their relationship.  He promised that he’d stopped drinking, and that he was working on his anger issues, and just his general issues.  And he was aware that it was going to be a journey, but he was going to really put the effort in.  The way he said all of this came off a little aggressively, which may have had something to do with the fact that he was determined, so much so that his face was turning a little pink with how little pauses for air he allowed himself.  His chest was heaving a little bit too.  And it was pretty clear that he wasn’t going to stop trying to win Castiel back.  He ended this long rant, jabbing his finger at Castiel, not really knowing what to do with himself, and sweating a little bit, as he told him that he loved him and really wanted him to come home.  Home.
Dean cleared his throat and got closer to Cas.  He tried to speak without letting his voice break.
“I...I don’t think I unders—”
Dean cleared his throat.  “And uh, how’re you feeling?  Do they still hurt?  Looks like you mostly healed up, because of, you know, but...you okay?”
Maybe, as Sam assumed, Cas was just different, and he was wrong about the effects of old age on the kind of beings Lucifer and Asmodeus were.  Maybe they were just like people, because as he knew, some people just sucked.  And some people didn’t.
Without blinking, Ketch turned to meet the cold stare of Dean Winchester.  Sam had seemed more trusting.  He’d always known he had to be more careful with this one.  Especially without his pet angel.
Castiel stopped, and turned to Dean with a bittersweet smile.  It reminded Dean of the moments before the Empty had taken him.
A happy ending.
"You're beautiful. I don't think I've told you that before."
So Sam blasted Christmas music through the bunker, and Dean did his best to teach Cas how to make Christmas cookies.  Dean called dibs on all of the ones shaped like angels.
Castiel just kept staring at him, the way he used to.  There was no empty mask on his face, that blank expression that he’d tried to have recently whenever he was met with Dean.  Castiel felt overwhelmed with how much he’d missed Dean.  He’d missed him so much, and being in his arms now, feeling how solid he was, he knew that they would be happy.  He knew they were in love.  He knew he wanted to go home, his real one.  That really, he was already home.
A few moments more, and Castiel’s hand was covering the one on his face, keeping it there.  This was real.  Castiel felt that this was something delicate, something he had to be careful about, so he was slow as he brushed his lips along Dean’s.  The last thing he wanted was to scare him away.  He didn’t need anything, not really, and had not expected anything to happen, so this chasteness was more than enough for him.
"I will always forgive you," Cas said, with a full smile this time.  "And there is no one better than you, Dean Winchester. I will be by your side for as long as you want me here."
They continue to hold hands, Castiel’s left often in Dean’s right, when they get rings.  Dean lifts their hands to display Castiel’s ring whenever he finds it necessary, and Castiel just smiles with a soft blush.
wouldn’t leave her.  But she kept looking in other places.”
One night Dean got back from work, he looked around his house, checked the time, and was right out the door again, heading straight to Castiel’s work, which was a nice library.  He was pretty positive that no one else would be there at this time.
Melinda, also known as the Djinn Queen, keeps touching Cas on the arm and smiling at him, flashing her bright teeth, almost predatory.  He keeps trying to scoot his chair away from her while also maintaining as much politeness as he can.  He had agreed to their union, after all.  Though he had not foreseen that any follow up action would be required.  He had just done what needed to be done.
Castiel kissed Dean.  Just a firm but careful press of lips, and then he was whispering his answer, which was rather obvious by this point.  There was never anywhere that he wanted to be that wasn’t in Dean’s arms, or that’s what he was thinking in that moment anyways.  They may not have seemed like a perfect match to any outsiders, but Castiel was certain that they were meant to be together.
Allowing a wave of happiness to overtake him, Dean imagined a future with Cas, where they're together and there are never any doubts about where they're meant to be.  Because they're there now. Looking down at his hand, he wondered what it would be like if there was a ring there. If they could be married. Perhaps he would have to add that to his resolutions list.
Since there wasn't any actual music playing, Castiel wasn't sure when to leave.  But then Dean started leaning forward with his eyes trained on his lips, and he considered that his cue.  When he pulled away the prince looked hurt.
Resolution number three had been complete since the moment he wrote it down.  There was no way he would risk losing this. He would cherish Cas. There was no room for being a dick anymore.
So Dean went on with, "I know I don't show you.  And if I could take it back, every terrible thing I said to you, I would.  None of it was true, Cas. You're not dead to me and you are definitely not the cause of all my problems."
Sam had seen the two and had no idea what was going on the rest of the night.  He thought that Cas, who he had seen around the school as well as in his philosophy class, was pretty far from his brother’s type.  Since he was a guy and all.  And they sure looked like the convincing couple.  He seriously couldn’t comprehend Dean being with a guy and not telling him.  In fact, he was pretty sure that on the way there Dean had been fantasizing about the sorority girls he could mess with.
Gabriel let them in with a grin, and led them to the living room, where Anna was sitting on the couch, her girlfriend Ruby on her lap.  Ruby didn’t really get along with a lot of people, but she was definitely a softie when it came to Anna.
“That shouldn’t be such a turn on, but holy hell, that is the hottest thing I’ve ever seen.”
___________________________________________________
Castiel's foot fit into the shoe perfectly despite the dark fur he was covered in.  The brothers looked angry but Dean was just looking at him, trying to look into his eyes, it seemed.  They were the only part of Castiel even partially visible through the disguise.
So Dean did, and he couldn't stop his mouth from opening when he saw the ceiling, which was completely covered with mistletoe.
They climb three flights to the room. Walking in, Castiel is welcomed by hand-carved furniture, dark wooden floors, colorful drapes and wallpapers. The full bed is flushed against the wall, adjacent to the window. A chair is pressed against the opposite wall next to a neat round table. The room is smaller than what Castiel is used to, but he likes it better. There’s no place for anything to hide.
), but his body is still roaming Earth. With no soul, Sam relies on what he already knows: hunts, alcohol, and sex. Castiel cannot find him, not without a soul, and Sam won’t pray any time soon, but Crowley knows a guy who knows a guy who knows a demon who knows a guy who knows who Sam is hunting with ever since Dean played doting not-husband.
into “
His reaction is better than Castiel hoped for. “What do you mean you don’t know what to say?” Dean’s still looking up, but now the veins on his neck are more prominent. It’s beautiful, and if Castiel could, he’d sculpt Dean’s neck from marble. But he doesn’t know how to sculpt and he thinks Dean would be less than impressed if he were to disappear right now to get marble.
why humans are sometimes so desperate for this connection – it’s intimate, sharing space and lips and breath.
Castiel counts a few of his vessel’s heartbeats. “I will tell you what I’ve learned about Sam after you sleep.”
, settles deeply into his bones and aches as Dean slowly trudges back into the booth and continues eating. He wants to pretend nothing has changed, as if Dean doesn’t have his own responsibility he’s ignoring, but Castiel finds himself unforgiving these days.
“Thank you, Dean.”
Castiel leaves after that, not to the hotel room but to a nearby lake. It’s undisturbed, one that tourism hasn’t sunk its teeth into yet, and Castiel truly appreciates the isolation. It’s the only obtainable comfort. He spends a few hours at the tree line circling the lake, sitting on a collapsed log and watching the morning sunlight break through the branches, before popping back to the motel room. It’s undisturbed, just like Castiel anticipated, but the disappointment still aches. His Father is gone, his brothers and sisters are divided, and Dean won’t return. He truly is alone.
The heavy creaks the bed makes when Dean throws the duffle bag on it is immensely satisfying, but Castiel only gives himself a second to savor that satisfaction. There are other pressing matters to attend to.
Dean grumbles into his bacon and eggs, takes a swig of his lukewarm coffee, and keeps his mind 563 miles away from the diner they reside in Virginia. There’s another long drive, a silent one with Baby’s radio and Angel radio tuned off. A few hours later finds them in another motel room, one significantly closer to Cicero, Indiana. Whether it was a conscious action on Dean’s part is debatable, but Castiel knows what he must do.
“You don’t think I will?”
” into “
“Because if I turn it on, I’ll only hear my brothers and sisters die as a result of the civil war currently in Heaven.” Dean stops pacing and finally looks at Castiel, truly and genuinely looks at him, and it leaves a hard weight on his chest.
“If she makes you happy, stay with her. If you don’t come back, I understand. I will still find Sam and free him.” The words are holy fire coming out of his throat, but it does nothing to diminish the sincerity behind every word. Castiel made his decision, and it’s time for Dean to make his.
It doesn’t help with his apology. The purple prose seemed unnatural coming from Dean, but it was the most accessible reference he had.
So he makes it impossible for himself to forget. No matter the state line they cross, who’s saying what on the angel radio, or what the monster of the day is, Castiel wants to make sure his mind never strays from how Dean practically jumped over the space between them to press Castiel into the car door, or how the door pressed awkwardly into his back, or how the cold temperature from outside seeped through the window and into his head, or how none of that mattered when Dean finally pressed their lips together.
“I’m sorry, Cas.”
The first sign of Sam Winchester’s return comes from a surprising source. Crowley has been largely out of Castiel’s mind since the moment Dean prayed to him, with only a few intrusive thoughts and a couple of comments from some demons reminding Castiel that Crowley is still interested in the deal. Still, he never regarded Crowley as a threat to the fragile truce between Castiel and Dean, and he certainly never expected Crowley to use Sam Winchester’s soul as a bargaining chip – if he even has it, which is what has Dean currently pacing in their motel room for the week.
Not knowing is
– and it’s because of the kiss. And Castiel knows why.
Three fights later, Castiel learns the signs, and he’s able to leave before the argument turns into a screaming match. The only problem is the time between fights steadily decreases, and the time apart is too much. It has him thinking. Has him listening to Angel Radio. Has him picturing the wars he’s avoiding. Has him considering Crowley’s offer.
Dean looks up. “Yeah?” Castiel catches a glimpse of wary eyes before Dean turns to the duffle in his hand. “You don’t want me here or something?” Dean says with a nonchalance that Castiel scrambles for an excuse.
“That is not what I am saying, Dean, and perhaps if you were to listen to what I say instead of interrupting every sentence that comes out of my mouth, you will understand how much I appreciate being here with you even if sometimes I may seem like I do not.” Maybe he was too blunt, but Castiel knows he made a misstep. He expects more arguing, yelling, maybe a fist.
The first cycle: car rides are something Castiel, in all his years of residing in the human world, never learned to appreciate. There is something so offensive about expecting an Angel – a celestial being that can bend the fabric of space and time to its will – to sit in a human contraption that can only travel a fraction of the efficiency he could.
“Why the hell not?”
So Castiel stays quiet, does what he’s asked, and before he knows it, they’ve pulled into a small diner in Oklahoma. There’s a poster in the window that claims their chicken pot pie to be the best in the county, and if Castiel didn’t know any better, he would consider it braggadocios and would choose anything but the chicken pot pie. But he does know better, and he knows before they even parked that he would order the chicken pot pie and break down the composition of molecules to see if it really is the best combination in the county.
Which is an absolute lie, but being with the Winchesters for so long has taught him that lying is always the best option when Dean asks something. He used to tell Dean the truth, but that got him a knife in his chest. Then it became telling Dean what he wanted to hear, but that never worked because Castiel never knew what Dean wanted. After a year apart, Castiel isn’t so sure what to do anymore. It makes him resort to his soldier mindset where everything is a threat, everyone is an enemy, and the safest solution is found through lying.
He doesn’t ask Dean. He doesn’t even speak because he’s been watching Dean for an entire year, and he knows the signs of resonating anger within the Winchester. Clenched jaw, twitching fingers, heavy breathing. Yes, Dean is seething, and Castiel is shameful because this is his fault.
“I know you won’t, Dean, and that is fine. I’ve learned to manage my expectations with you.” It’s almost as if Castiel has no filter. Not even Eric Brady’s flowered speeches sway his words.
Dean shifts until he’s staring at the ceiling. “You told me to go if that made me happy. She told me to stay cause she can make me happy.” Dean’s gripping the sheets, and Castiel finds himself unconsciously mirroring the action with his slacks. “I dunno, but something about the way she said… i-it wasn’t the same when you said it.”
And for the first time in five months, Castiel blinks out of existence and leaves Dean alone in the motel room.
” into “
“Hello, Dean.”
“I’m not-”
Dean snorts. “Okay.” And that’s it. It’s a little anticlimactic, but Castiel counts it as a win.
“I mean I don’t know what to tell you.”
Still, Castiel made his decision. He’s staying. Dean’s not an enemy; Dean’s a friend. Things
The burger is gone quicker than it arrives, and before he knows it, they’re on the road again. This time, it’s to drive a few blocks down to a B&B. Multiple rooms are available, but Dean only asks for one, and when the innkeeper asks how many beds, Dean only raises one finger. Castiel still says nothing, only glared at the innkeeper when he was going to make a comment about the arrangements for two men. The innkeeper says nothing, but he makes sure to give Dean the key with a flower keychain. He does his best to avoid touching Dean’s hand. That’s one of the things Castiel hates the most about Earth: there are many John Winchesters lurking.
“What do you want from me?” It was the first time Castiel had said anything since Asmodeus had set him up at the table.
"There! Now you have to marry me! Come here, darling!"
Just like the hug, it had been rather uncharacteristic of Lucifer to ask Castiel if he wanted to accompany him on a visit to his girlfriend Kelly and their child.  But it was definitely appreciated.  What would be better to distract him from Dean than an adorable baby?
Cas sighed, and it was a mixture of happiness and frustration.
Castiel tugged their hands down, and kissed Dean’s palm.  “Okay, but you don’t have to.  I love you, Dean,” he whispered against his skin.
When she got word that Dena was saved, she was already apprenticed to Ellen and beyond the reach of any mortal heart.
When they reached the ridge, Donna looked back to be sure she was the last and frowned at a plume of black smoke rising in the direction they had come.  She’d mention it to Claire later; there was nothing to be done now but to press on.
Dean jumped up and ran to his computer.  “You saw this? How? Did I post it? Oh my god, this is bad.”
“You were gone less than a year.  It’s 2014.  September 18.”
Dean says nothing that cannot be said with smiling green eyes and a kiss as deep as the blush staining his freckled cheeks.
“No, I don’t.  But I can. And it was, two for one, essentially.”
“Accounting problems, but I’m about to give up and look at my film notes.  Would you want to join me?”
tavern, but do your business in places fouled by the vomit of the drunkard. Your hire will be potter's earth, your thievings will be flung into the hovel, you will sit at the cross-roads in the dust of the potter's quarter, you will make your bed on the dunghill at night, and by day take your stand in the wall's shadow. Brambles and thorns will tear your feet, the drunk and the dry will strike your cheek and your mouth will ache. Let you be stripped of your purple dyes, for I too once in the wilderness with my wife had all the treasure I wished.'
Taken aback by the words, Castiel hesitated.  He cupped Dean's face gently and said, "I promise that you will see me tomorrow."  It wasn't a lie.  They would probably see each other every day for the rest of their lives, he thought.  Just not like this.  But the words made Dean smile, and he allowed him to leave.  But Castiel left behind a golden shoe in his haste to get away.
"Cas, I might have considered myself to be straight for a long time, but your vessel doesn't bother me in the slightest.  I've never been in love before, just so you know. You're it for me. And...I am very,
They spoke about the color of the flowers and how it might be a nice shade to incorporate in their wedding theme.  Just another option to think about.  Since it was indeed getting warmer out, they decided to head to a nearby park and have a picnic.  They made sandwiches with bacon, lettuce, tomato, grabbed some bread for the ducks, and then they were off.  They had a thick blanket, they always laid it on the same side when they did this, never allowing Castiel’s precious coat to get any grass stains on it.  They ate and discussed who the maid of honor would be.  They had kept practically all of the planning to themselves.  As much as they loved their friends and family, and knew how much Charlie and Sam and Jo and anyone else surely would have wanted to help them out, they wanted this to be private, kept between them.
Castiel explained that his own lips were cold too.
Make sure Cas stays and knows he is needed
When Castiel told all of this to Dean, still holding his face, Dean let out a quick breath, and his grip on Castiel tightened further.  With everything that they’d gone through, that they'd told each other, and still had to work through, he just had one question.
"Sit," he said.  Of course, Dean obeyed.  They were incredibly close.  Cas placed his hand gently on top of Dean's.  The hunter's heart filled with hope and without thinking about it he let his thumb lightly caress Cas's hand.
The prince, however, was escaping.
“Are you asking me out or threatening me with violence?”
The first thing to do is pretty obvious.  Or so Dean thinks, as far as he can think while not knowing where Cas is, if he’s okay.  Dean drives to the store, because he’s lucky that they only have one that they regularly go to.  It’s
Dean has been neglecting his bottles of beer, ever since Castiel’s return from the Empty.  Which isn’t really a surprise to anyone.  And Cas of course still has no idea that his absences wreck the man, that Dean found himself on the floor because of him, after losing him, on various occasions.  In front of the sink, where he has just finished washing his tired face, Dean sees a coward, since he lets Castiel’s impact on him, and his feelings for him, remain unknown.
“Uhh...”  Dean swallowed.  “Um.”  He stared.
Castiel’s cheeks were pink.  “Yes, that was very okay.  And, it’s okay.  You don’t have to...say anything.  You never have to say anything.  I want you to feel comfortable.”
Six months later.
He would only have to watch Jack for one night, and during that time, starting from when Kelly left, he and Jack engaged in several conversations.  Well, on Jack’s part it was mostly babbling, but Castiel always replied to him with a smile.
Dean pulled away after a few more minutes, and looked down at his angel.  He looked adorable, all out of breath, and with rosy cheeks. If you asked Dean, Castiel himself was a Christmas miracle.
The prince glanced down at his hand, which he had not realized he had revealed, and at the ring on his finger.  When he looked back up, he noticed Chuck’s face had become a few shades lighter.
This was basically as soon as Castiel was fully moved back in with Dean.  Which didn’t really take much, he hadn’t really needed to bring much stuff over.  Just himself, along with some trust.  Castiel had barely set his laptop down at its old place at his desk before Dean was behind him and mouthing at his neck, telling him, voice low, that he needed him and wanted him and couldn’t wait any longer to have him in bed.  This was all met with a shudder.
Dean knew.  He agreed with Sam, he wasn’t acting like he didn’t want Cas to himself.  He knew he wanted Cas to himself.  As weird as it might have been to really let himself think about that.  The annoying thing was the thought that Sam didn’t think he knew.  Well, Dean knew.
The blade plunged down, and it made its way almost completely through his wing before it was pulled out, revealing shining grace beneath the skin.  Still, Castiel continued.
Yes, the flavor of the pie had been cherry.  Castiel had gotten pretty good at figuring out the flavors of whatever pie Dean had been eating.  With two fingers, Dean dragged over the container of the dessert he’d been enjoying when Cas had come home.  He fed Cas, bite by bite, and he would be kidding himself if he thought that he was not getting
He walks out of the store, the plastic bag rustling a little in the wind, and as he makes a turn he finds himself face to face with a man with red hair going to his shoulders, too red to be natural.  The man’s clothing is black, and his shirt is a little too big on him.  Castiel can immediately tell that he is not human.
“You know, um,” Dean, blushing, starts, “Cas just actually recently died, so.  Marriage invalid.  Nulled.  Whatever.  Cas, let’s go.”  He walks over to the couch and pulls Cas up by the arm before walking towards the exit, not letting go.  Castiel doesn’t turn back, and just lets Dean lead him, enjoying the grip on his arm.
They both smiled as Dean moved closer to him.
“Do my eyes deceive me, or are you two cuddling right now?” Castiel asked with a gentle smile.
“Um.  To my knowledge, no such being has been born as of yet.  I imagine it would be...powerful.”  Which, he realizes, must be exactly what Melinda is looking for.  “But, but I highly doubt any will ever exist, as there are so few angels left in existence, and most are not interested in that type of, of activity,” he adds quickly, scooting away somewhat.  Of course, he is an angel, possibly the only angel left, that
Castiel mumbled something else with his eyes closed.  Dean thought he looked like a sleepy kitten.  A few moments later though, Castiel smiled and peeked up at the man he was ready to spend the rest of his life with.  Eventually they were in bed, tangled together, and gossiping about Castiel’s family.
“Shush, someone will hear.”
“I understand if you want me to move on from you, but this isn’t helping,” Castiel whispers.  “I appreciate that you want me to be happy with someone.  I am sorry.  I am not going to love anyone that isn’t you.”
He beamed when he saw him.  Without knowing why, he had been confident that he was coming.
, but it was lovely nonetheless.  After it was over, Dean continued holding Castiel close, swaying a little before they were both still, holding on tight.  Dean put a gentle hand on the back of Castiel’s neck, and kissed his head.
They learn that Dean was right.  Castiel’s third and final marriage, to one Dean Winchester, when it happens, is not necessary.  But they both want it, and they are happy.
Then all eyes turned again to the door like they had the previous night.  It was the same man, but with a gown adorned with what must have been thousands of jewels.  Like the stars.  Dean was out of his seat in seconds.
Dean parked far away enough so that no one would be asking why they hadn’t come or left together.  He offered Cas a ride home, but was declined.  Politely, but it still stung, and he sat in his car, watching Castiel from there until he was picked up by an Uber, since there was no way he would have left Cas out in the dark by himself.  And because Dean still was worried about him, since he wasn’t sure what kind of a driver Cas might have gotten, some of them could have been creeps, or crazy, he texted Cas and asked to be let know when he was home and safe.
“Where were you when I actually needed you?”  It was a quiet question, but Castiel knew that, especially given the gesture that Dean was trying to make, that it may have been harsh.  He also felt like he had the right to ask it, though.  He was still hurt, and as much as part of him just wanted to accept the flowers and fall back into Dean’s arms, and though the effort was appreciated, he was still upset.  And he needed more.  This couldn’t just keep being enough.  Especially not if he was still thinking about how they were supposed to be getting married.
“You know where Cas is.  I know you do.  You think you’re believable?  After that evil twin crap you just pulled?  No.”
Speaking of Sam, he was watching the two dance from a table with a knowing smile on his face.  He was glad to see his brother so happy.  He could see that Dean wasn't a prince at the moment, he was just Dean.
This sounds impossible to Castiel.  To be happy marrying someone that isn’t Dean?
Castiel shrugs.  “It was easiest.  Didn’t seem like a big deal to me...You must understand why.  I had no reason to refuse.”
Castiel knew that saying this would cause himself to lose more blood, and possibly grace, but at that moment he didn’t care.  He thought about humans, how some of them were good, but some of them were more monstrous than the creatures that many were taught to be afraid of.   Controlling, needing everything to be their way, blind to the truth and insistent on victimizing themselves.  Asmodeus was like this.
And again, it sounded like a goodbye, and Dean wasn’t having that.  Not this time.  Not any time, not ever again.  He looked towards the house, prepared to look right back at Cas afterwards and hopefully say something to convey...anything that would keep Cas from leaving.
"I can't tell you."
Castiel took the dress and said, "Well, you see, this one is for the feast, the other for the ceremony...but now I must have one for the church.  Gold, it should be.  Gold like the sun.  After I have this...I will be married the next day."  He said the last part sadly, looking at the floor, and then closed the door again.
“The way that you feel about me, I feel about you.  The things you want, I want them too...I know I’m no good at showing it, and I’m so sorry.”
Apologize to Cas
"I love you."
And he found himself telling Meg that he was going to go mingle.  Which wasn’t his intention at all, as he had just one destination.  Never in his life had Castiel imagined himself marching right up to a hot guy, but this situation was giving him the perfect excuse.  He didn’t even know if the guy liked men, he knew nothing about him.  But he still felt a pull to him that he wasn’t going to ignore.  He really was getting out of his comfort zone.  When he reached Dean, he didn’t introduce himself.  He just smiled, leaned forward, and spoke a little quietly.
She made the boys come in and sit, made a joke about not being able to attend Dean’s funeral.  Dean laughed quietly.  Castiel tensed up a little, but said nothing.
Castiel woke up with a strange blanket on his back, and something else too, sticking to his skin.  He was also on a plush, firm surface, though, so he wasn’t too bothered by it.  Air was directly touching most of his upper body, so he knew he was shirtless.  The blanket was very strange, only covering portions of him.  He made a soft sound and slowly opened his eyes.  The first thing he saw was a sleeping Dean, leaned back in a chair.  It couldn’t have been very comfortable.  Castiel’s eyes shifted to his own back, and he blinked as he saw them, his wings.  He was starting to remember what had happened, why his back felt strange.
Castiel shrugs slightly, looking down at his feet before lifting his head again to look at Dean.  “I would have told you when it happened, but you were so focused on being like Scooby.  Also, you had been so focused on um, Daphne, in that universe, so I just didn’t really feel like telling you.”
thing ensued.  Castiel was annoyed, to say the least.  He was completely fed up with these kind of customs.  He was with Dean in his room as people came in to try it on his shoe.
"Hey, sunshine."
Dean leaned forward and let their noses touch.  He took in the way that Cas was looking at him and wondered how he'd missed it for so long.
Dean ended up leaving.  He took his time as he made his way back to his car.  Castiel didn’t stop him, but he did make sure to make himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.  And another.  And another.  They were comforting.
Their sandwiches long gone, they ran with their blanket billowing behind them as soon as they caught sight of an ice cream truck.  Castiel enjoyed cookies and cream in a cup while Dean got something with the word blizzard in the name, he just knew that it was chocolatey.  The blanket was folded and hung over Dean’s shoulder and Castiel was holding their bread, as they walked towards the pond in the center of the park, enjoying their treats.  Once they got to the pond, Castiel began opening up the bag of bread, tossing his empty cup into a nearby trash can.
It is a good thing that he is an exceptional multitasker, or else he would never be leaving the store, stuck wandering down the aisles, getting lost in them in addition to his thoughts.  When he was raised from the Empty, and Dean had not mentioned his confession, he took it for what it was.  Dean was being kind.  And was this not one of the man’s characteristics that Castiel found so dear?
Dean noticed now that Sam was wearing a wedding ring, and Eileen was as well.  Of course, he knew that they’d gotten married at some point.  But seeing those rings, actually seeing them together and happy, that was different.  He longed to have that.  And with the expression on Castiel’s face, he was pretty sure he did too.  There was no hope in Castiel’s eyes, though.
The hope was, of course, that the law would be cancelled out, and their father would be unable to marry.  Only Chuck knew how far the law went, though.  Desperate enough for power not to care, Lucifer grabbed the ring from Michael and put it on.  Or tried to, anyways.  His fingers were too thick, and the piece of jewelry was only halfway on before it could go no further.
From the darkness where Castiel had first entered, the tunnel, Dean emerges.  His eyes widen once he sees Castiel, and he goes through a journey of facial expressions.  Relief, that Cas is okay.  Some curiosity, at the fact that there seems to be no harm done.  And something else, at the lack of space between Castiel and the djinn, the way that she is completely turned towards him.
Asmodeus reached forward and began to undo Castiel’s shirt.  It was all too familiar, getting exposed, for the purpose of one to cut right into his skin.  At least it wasn’t being torn open.
For too long Castiel has been sure that Dean could never want him, so even with what he is hearing, he is afraid that he might just be interpreting it the wrong way.  He does not want to get his hopes up.  That has happened enough times before.  Now, finally, Dean picks up on this, and like he is jumping off a cliff, he quickly takes the angel’s hand and laces their fingers together.
Castiel looked up at Dean and saw no disgust.  Just radiance, warmth.  Having that directed at him was mesmerizing.
“I’m sorry you...that you had to get me, that you had to...see me, that you see me now, see this.”  Castiel kept his eyes trained on a random spot on the bed.  He could see from the corner of his eye the shape of Dean getting up from his seat, and sitting on the edge of the bed, rather close to him.
Dean looked absolutely disgusted.  Compared to the face that he was now making at Lucifer, he may as well have been giving Castiel bedroom eyes upon their first meeting.  "No, it, it doesn't fit, man!  I mean look at your foot!"
His hands are tight on the wheel, and there’s no music.  When he arrives he’s in a rush, and he isn’t sure anymore what he asked Cas to get, though he imagines pie must have been on the list.  Not that it matters.  Dean hopes that he is going to walk in and find the angel examining labels and ingredients with squinted eyes, making sure that he gets the best option available to him, not that Dean knows what would actually qualify something as the best option.  He walks quickly once he’s inside, checking every aisle.  This gives him nothing, so he starts to talk to all of the people at the cash registers, which are thankfully not too many, and the second one Dean went to had seen Cas.
Castiel got Dean flowers a few times as well.  Among other things, which Dean considered to be more Cas-like gifts.
He really thought that Dean had been fully separated from that man’s claws, but no, not yet.  Apparently John had not responded well when Dean had told him about their engagement.  John had always had a problem with their relationship, ever since Dean had told him about it.  Dean had reverted to his old ways of putting his own feelings on a shelf and putting on the cold armor that his father had forced upon him.  It suffocated him.  It had been like he couldn’t stop, he just lost himself.
Castiel was silent, staring.
“I’m trying to propose to you.”
Castiel was tired of Dean not saying anything.  He knew that Dean wasn’t as open as some other people.  But he didn’t like being out of the loop, having no idea what Dean was going through, what had brought this all on.  Maybe Benny knew.  That thought hurt.  He knew he was just thinking like that because he was already hurt, though.  He didn’t mean to say anything right when Dean’s mouth looked like it might just open, but Castiel felt like it needed to be said.
Dean managed to get into his room without his brother’s assistance while still carrying Cas.  He laid him onto the bed, putting him on his stomach because he was still concerned about his wings more than anything else.  His back was also injured.  His left wing was worse than the right one.  It looked tired, and lacked feathers for the most part, like it was never capable of being used.  They were still beautiful, though, Dean couldn’t help but think.  They were giant wings!  Dean would be freaking out over how cool that was if he wasn’t so worried.
“To wish for suffering, and on one’s descendants as well...I do not believe that stems from love, love cannot, it can’t be controlled, it wasn’t her fault she didn’t want you.  You should have—”
_________________________________________________
Like the previous night, Castiel slipped out of Dean's hold, but this time his wrist was caught.
“Who was that?”
Why shush, Castiel wanted to know.
wanted.
“I will pay you to pretend to be my significant other.  I need an answer in the next ten seconds.”
Luckily, Sam was there to distract him with talk about food for later, so he ended up not thinking about it too much.  Then Cas came out, looking pleased with himself.
"What's your favorite color?"
Dean stayed quiet for a few seconds.  And then he elaborated.  It was a mixture of multiple things that he loved most about Cas, all really meaning the same thing in the end.  The way Cas reacted to him, looked at him, always made him feel so special.  So loved.  Castiel was so sweet.  An angel, his angel, always.  Dean had always had problems with the idea of asking people to stay, as for a long time it had seemed like nothing but a weakness, admitting that he needed someone else.  And he had never really given anything else, anything romantic, a chance before Cas.  Because Cas just made him throw everything out the window.  Dean was asking him to stay, to marry him.
from existence while she was at it.
"Is this really helpful?" Cas asked, annoyance evident in his tone. Dean ignored him.
"Everything that needs to be said, has been."
"Dad knew that I was paying bills without having any money. He just didn't bother to ask how."
Before Dean could do it, before the words could leave his mouth, Sam broke Dean out of his Cas induced trance by leaping up into the stage in one long-legged bound. His brother reached for the microphone and Dean didn't know if he was angry or glad to let him take it.
They sat there for another fifteen minutes, holding hands and quietly talking about their friends, the Lake House, how Dean felt that Miracle really needed a friend, and
"I miss you, man."
"Just a sec, Cas," Dean said, turning to Sam. "Were you coming in here to kill monsters or to save me from a spider, Sammy?"
Giving himself a silent lecture, he did what he'd repeatedly been trying to do since he'd got back to the Bunker. He reached across Dean's chest, tracing his fingers over his skin, down his arm, all the way to his hand. Closing his fingers around Dean’s hand, Cas squeezed gently. Then, turning his hand palm-side up, Cas carefully traced the letter S. There was an intake of breath and it took a moment for Dean to realise that Cas wasn't just stroking his hand. Once he seemed to understand, Cas slowly and deliberately added an O R R Y.
"Well now you ask, a coffee would be great," Dean said, raising his arm to signal Kate back over. "Anything for you?"
The kiss started off full of annoyance, but after seconds it changed into want and need, full of familiar intense emotion that Dean was very sure he could get utterly addicted to.
"I think you mean Miss
He pulled on a pair of sweatpants and grabbed his warm, dark grey robe, wrapping it around himself in defence against the cold morning.
this all was. What was happening between them wasn't normal, what he was feeling wasn't normal.
"Don't make me wait," Dean moaned, sucking in a sharp breath as Cas' teeth found his pulse point instead and nipped at it. "Need you now, Cas. I've been watching you all night, and
Sam shook his head. "I couldn't bring myself to."
His brother was a girl.
Curiosity in his eyes, Dean tilted his head questioningly.
"This is a really bad idea," Cas murmured, shivering against the fingers that were slowly exploring his skin.
“I’m sorry Dean, I didn’t know about the names. That was very thoughtful.”
Cas gave a full body shudder against him, and Dean held on tighter.
"Dean, are you… are you trying to set the room on fire?" he asked as calmly as he possibly could. His boyfriend, if he was allowed to call him that, had obviously gone insane.
She grinned at him, letting go of his arm to dim the light above their table. She lit a candle for them and handed them their menus, chatting with Eileen about her sparkling diamond engagement ring as she did.
"I'm such a dick," he muttered.
Cas tried to wiggle his hand free again—to no avail.
"If I make a tiny little fire and set the smoke alarm off, the fire department will have to let us out!"
"Yes, Dean?"
Cas tried so hard not to react. He felt a bit like a choir of angels should have appeared, singing in sublime harmony, or there should have been a break in the sky bathing Dean in sunlight, or a line of can-can dancers should have appeared, complete with glitter and rainbow feathers, all dancing in a line behind Dean.
“You were happy with them once.”
While Dean was everything Cas had ever wanted, he would never want what Cas wanted. Cas knew that he really had to stop confusing sex with love. Because sometimes when Dean touched him, Cas was so incredibly, painfully sure that what Dean felt for him was much more than just friendship tainted with lust. He would never be able to get on with living his life while thinking things like that.
Cas' heart thawed enough to let him soften and smile, leaning back against the wall of the house next to Dean.
. And that he was so scared, so fed up of his life being planned for him, that he'd pushed Cas away, that he didn't mean it. He wanted to take it back five minutes after he'd said it. He'd wanted to kiss him and make him forget anything had been said at all, more than he'd ever wanted anything in his life.
"Just the important bit at the end," Chuck answered for Dean, watching them with delighted interest, despite his pain. "My bit."
“Kate,” Dean hissed. “This man has commanded fucking armies. He watched the world being created, watched evolution happen, watched the dinosaurs become extinct—he helped God himself create the physics that makes rainbows happen, for Christ sake. I
Sam smiled. "Jerk."
"You been avoiding me for a reason, son?"
“You know, I knew you’d taken care of me growing up,” Sam finally said shakily. “I just never realised quite how much. I mean, I remember us doing everything together - you patching up my scabby knees, watching cartoons with me, giving me my first beer when Louise Sanderson broke my heart. But where most kids remember their parents telling them stories, or cooking their favourite meal, or taking them to the park - that was all you, Dean."
Dean went to the fridge and grabbed a beer, offering Cas one too. Cas took it gratefully. Today wasn't a day for him to stay sober.
Cas' small smirk dared Dean to look, invited him to take what he wanted as roughly as he liked, while his trembling fingers made Dean want to protect him, hold him and kiss him so fucking sweetly. Everything about Cas was a contradiction and Dean wondered if he had any clue how utterly addictive every damn thing about him was. He deserved a fucking medal for not just giving Cas everything he was asking for and more.
"I like my own bed. I'll give you a text later." He allowed himself to draw a sliver of comfort from being in her arms as they wrapped around him in a goodbye hug. She smelled of fading perfume and some sort of apple scented shampoo that she used all the time. It was warm and familiar, and he wished he could just break down and bury his face in her sweet smelling hair and just be comforted, but even holding himself together this long was agonising. He had to go.
His sleeping bag had already pooled at his hips, and Dean kicked it down the rest of the way, wincing as his erection chafed against the stiff denim of his jeans that had been washed one too many times in the plain river water. He crawled out of his tent, standing and stretching, letting the early morning breeze caress his skin and cool the tiny beads of sweat. He should wash, really. And more than that, a quick dunk in the stream would help him shake off those cobwebs and be fresh to start another day of searching.
Dean was already tipping Cas off his chest, ready to straddle his legs to give him the best damn massage of his life.
"Um… me?" he offered. "Fairly sure he had me?"
"Castiel not come back with you?" Claire asked a little too casually.
"Shouldn't that be for Cas to decide?"
"We don't have to if-”
punctuated his sentence.
But he absolutely couldn't let Cas know that.
"Just because of what Chuck said? Does it matter what anyone else thinks, as long as you guys are happy together?"
"I know you, Dean. More importantly, I trust you. I would be completely confident putting you entirely in charge, giving you complete control of my body, submitting to your will. I know you would never push me fur-"
They fell into a frustrated silence, watching the chaos around them. Claire and Kaia seemed to be racing along the floor on their hands and knees, a toddler on each girl, clinging on for dear life but seemingly having the time of their lives.
Dean smiled, his eyes finally closing.
"People will probably still be there. Garth, Jody, Claire - they'll want to see you, Cas. They're your friends and family too."
And then, of course, Asmodeus started to move his blade down the back of Castiel’s trenchcoat with erratic movements, blade stabbing his back as it was moved back and forth.  Castiel was able to stay silent, but he closed his eyes.
Castiel turned to Dean and tilted his head in that way of his that over the years never ceased to be adorable.  “Yes, Dean?”  As always, Castiel was ready to do anything that Dean wished, give him whatever was missing that was preventing his Heaven from being complete.
Castiel was not responding.  His eyes were still closed, and his body was still as he was lifted up from the chair, wings dragging on the floor.  Dean grunted as he tried to keep him balanced, before just picking him up, one arm under his thighs and the other over his lower back.  In an ideal situation, Castiel would have his arms around Dean’s neck, and his legs wrapped around his waist.  This was not an ideal situation.  Dean still managed to hold him.  It was the best way he could think of to do so while creating the smallest amount of pressure on the angel’s wings as possible.
Dean made sure to dispose of the rest of their clothes as quickly as possible before picking Cas up and carefully depositing him onto the bed.  While he may have come off as impatient before, Dean made sure that Castiel was more than ready for him by the time he was sliding into him, touching him reassuringly, telling him that he loved him.  Castiel gasped a little bit at first, but soon enough he was craving more and more of Dean, his appreciative noises urging him to keep going.  At some point after the thrusts developed a steady pace, Cas asked if Dean still had some of the raspberry jelly that he loved in the fridge.
Ooh.  He had a nice deep voice, Dean thought.
This time, Dean didn’t just leave.  He stared at Cas for a little while, both drinking in the sight of him in his cute oversized sweater, and trying to come up with the right words.  He knew he had a lot to answer for, and that Cas deserved an apology, multiple, and that the idea of never getting to hold Cas at night again really freaked him out.
from the Winchesters, couldn’t you?  I have no reason to kill you, Castiel.  But if those brothers come after me, they’re going to see the state you’re in and know that I can do worse.  That I’ve got your life right.  Under.  My.  Finger,” he said, pulling out a feather to emphasize each of his finishing words.  Castiel didn’t try to say anything back.  He knew of Asmodeus’s capabilities.  He knew it was all too possible that he had no way of escape or of receiving help.  His only comforting thought was that Lucifer might receive worse treatment soon enough.  After all, no one cared about Lucifer.
Castiel had successfully escaped his former life.  He missed his father dearly, but he hoped for the best for him, and for his brothers too, even.  He was now in disguise as a servant for the Winchester family, working for King John and Queen Mary.  He never really had to interact with them though.  No, his duties were focused elsewhere.
Cas's eyes widened. He was smiling again, and Dean was more than relieved.
“She married someone else,” Asmodeus continued, sadly.  “And then another someone else, and then another...I killed the first one...Well, I killed all of them.  Seven.  Seven chances I gave her.  Hoping, foolishly, that at some point she would look at me.  She would look at me, and she would know that
Melinda rolls her eyes at the hunter before turning to Castiel.  “I wasn’t aware that you were already in a relationship.  This explains a lot...I think you can do better, though.”
“Sam, get the door!”
And then Dean cupped his face and finally kissed him.  They just let their lips press against each other for half a minute, but after that their tongues met and soon enough Dean was pulling Cas into his lap.  Dean's mouth moved underneath Cas's chin and he felt his flannel being grabbed at.
He already knew what it felt like losing Cas when he hadn’t said it, though.  And it sucked.  Dean had been just about ready to give up on just about everything.  One of the many emotions that came up during that dark period, mixed in somewhere with the grief, was regret.  Not that he wanted there to be a next time for that, but if there was, he didn’t want to think about what he hadn’t done.  It would hurt like a bitch, no matter what he did.  But maybe, just maybe, it would be better if, instead, he would be able to look back on what he
A knock at the door made him feel nauseous.  He opened it and it was exactly who he'd expected.  If he recalled correctly, and he was certain that he did, the man's name was Crowley.  Castiel clutched his stomach as the planner started talking.
As soon as they were back in the car, Castiel was grabbing Dean by the collar and kissing his mouth from corner to corner, mumbling about how much he loved him.  Dean figured this was as good a time as any to try his second proposal out, just to make sure that they were still getting married, so he did.  And Cas, of course, said yes, and all was swell.
Castiel must marry his father? He can't marry his father! But the ring fits...but he just can't! But...the kingdom! The ring...his father?!  But the ring...is the ring...is...the ring.
Now he doesn’t have any more time.  Or not much more, anyways.
________________________________________________________
Dean twirled him around and asked, "Well, what can you tell me?"
__________________________________________________________________
Apparently it was already enough to get Cas's eyes watering, and he spoke for the first time since Dean had entered the room.
Dean saw it coming, of course he did.  He had tried cracking a joke in the presence of the angel a few days prior, but he was not amused.  Neither was Sam. Clearly, Cas had more than enough reasons to be pissed at him.
“I hope that...you get everything you’ve ever wanted.”
And why wouldn’t Castiel be hesitant?  The angel had practically put his heart on a plate the last time Dean saw him, and all Dean had done was look at it.  Everything had been happening too fast.  And then he’d been pushed away, and then it was too late.  It was probably what he deserved for pushing his own feelings away for so long, for pushing Cas away.
want you here, Cas."
As far as Dean was concerned, this was all the more reason to warm them up together.  Soon enough he was gently grabbing Castiel’s face and crushing their lips together.  The bread fell from Castiel’s hand.  They ended up surrounded by ducks as they continued to kiss.  Their lips ended up getting very warm.
Because he panicked and sent Cas to the store.  And expects him back at any moment now.
“Cas?  Oh, crap, Cas…”
“Now, you’re going to take me to him.”
It was because Castiel ended up catching the attention of an older man who was also putting his legs to use nearby that they learned Dean still had a lot of potential for anger inside of himself.  But he would not be directing it at Cas, no.  Not usually, and never, never in a way that would hurt him, not in any ways that he wouldn’t like, anyhow.
Castiel made dinner every night.  He wouldn’t let Dean go hungry.  Breakfast too, and they still ate that together at least.  Castiel missed seeing Dean smile during that time, though.  He missed getting good morning kisses.  Or just kisses, in general.  Just to hold Dean’s hand again, he would have given anything.  It didn’t even feel like they were engaged anymore.  He was starting to wonder if he had imagined that in the first place, that happy day that Dean had proposed.  He was living a different life now.
There were moments, when Dean was laughing with his brother, that Castiel saw someone who was not an entirely different man from the one that he worked under, but another layer of him.  And, well, Castiel overheard things.  Like the sound of King John raising his voice at Dean, mirroring the way that Dean did it to him.
“I just can’t get enough of you.” That was Dean’s excuse for keeping Castiel to himself until it was time for them to head out.  No one really minded this, though Ruby appeared annoyed, while clinging to Anna herself.
Castiel nodded, and his eyes drifted to their hands.  His was still being held in Dean’s.  What was he to make of that?
Lucifer and Michael.
So no, Dean didn’t leave until Kelly came back and wished them a goodnight, and he was able to get Castiel to accept a ride home this time.  Not their home, not just yet.  But it was something, a start, and when Castiel set his head on his shoulder once they were settled in the impala, Dean thought he might cry.  He didn’t, but he did set a protective arm around Castiel, and pressed a kiss to his hair.
that Castiel, this celestial being that was still somehow more human than most actual humans, loved him and wanted to be with him.  And that they were both equally impossibly happy together.
Dean kissed Cas on the forehead, just because he could, and he wanted to, and he knew that Cas loved it, and he loved that he could, and because he wished that he had been able to do it years ago.
“That would be best.  Unless I were to stay in the bunker at all times, which of course would not be ideal.  I should probably stay here until we figure out how to put them back in the correct plane of existence.  If that would be okay, of course,” Castiel added.  Not that he would really need anything, or be noticed, but it was hard not to feel like just existing was a burden.
"What's your name?"
The two kept flirting with Dean and talking about their supposedly sad lives, and about a war that happened in their old kingdom, and their father had died, and...
“Castiel,” she purrs before releasing her hold on him.  “You seem distracted by something.  I would like to know what has stolen your attention.”  He opens his mouth, and closes it again.  “I do hope that you would like to stay here with us.  We could certainly use your strength.  And...I cannot help but wonder...what would be born from a night between an angel and a djinn?”
It all started at a party.  It was kind of a party, outside, it was a gathering, really.  At Sam’s college.  Dean had tagged along, looking for drinks and possibly someone to give him a rush.  Soon after arriving, they got a call from their dad, who still treated them like they were kids.  Less than that, tools.  And he was angry that one of his tools was no longer at his disposal, and concerned that he would fully be losing the other one soon enough.
Castiel turned a little too quickly and frowned, letting out a soft curse.  He had not been expecting to see Ketch so soon.  Their relationship had seemed devoid of any affection not long into it, but the man still thought he had some type of claim over him.  It made Castiel feel gross.  He knew that he had to do something when he felt those cold eyes finding his.  He forced a smile on his face as he looked back to Meg and stated that he was in trouble.  In her usual fashion, Meg suggested that they make out.
"Look up, Dean," Cas whispered.
Sam opened the back door and moved so Dean could lay Cas down inside.  Cas, who still had his eyes closed.
Maybe it shouldn’t have been expected, everyone being as selfless as Castiel was in love.  He for one didn’t expect it, not really.  He was actually certain that no one had loved like him.  He wasn’t sure if it was because he was an angel, and he even questioned if it had anything to do with his pride, but Castiel just couldn’t imagine anyone loving anything as much as he loved Dean.  And he didn’t think about it, how selfless his love was, how it lacked any demands.  It just was.
Dean took Castiel to his bedroom and they exchanged stories, him holding his lover tight after he talked about his father.  And then Dean opened up more about his own father, the effects he had on him.  Dean apologized for being rude to Castiel for so long, and Castiel said that he would have plenty of time to make up for it after they were married.  And they both liked that idea very much.
The king cried himself to sleep.
Before he could think about that any more, though, Castiel spoke up.
A tall man, just a little shorter than Dean, came in.  He was wearing a beautiful silk gown that made him look like moonlight seeping into the room.  As the prince was admiring him, he got stuck on his eyes.  Pale blue, framed by dark lashes.  They were out of this world, Dean thought, especially in the lighting.  They looked...familiar, somehow, but he couldn't think about it too much before he felt his legs moving him, all thoughts of pie forgotten.
Asmodeus picked up his blade from where it’d been resting on the table and ran the tip of it down the length of Castiel’s wing.  It could be felt most when it went over the uncovered areas, that vulnerable flesh with no feathers as protection.
Sam is much more put together in regards to love, currently on his way to Eileen.  He wanted to do this one, this visit, on his own, with the intention of proving that what he has with her is indeed real.  He doesn’t know that his brother is having a near breakdown in the bathroom, he doesn’t know that Dean knows that Cas loves him.  He does know that Dean loves Cas.  And that Cas loves Dean.  Hope that they can work it out exists alongside his hope that he and Eileen can do the same, though his situation is less complicated in comparison, which in some way comforts him.  He lets it.  They’re all going to be okay, he tells himself.  Their last war has been fought.  This he knows as well.
Dean wasn't smiling, but he looked certain of his choice.
While Castiel was cleaning a staircase, Dean went to go sit by him.  After spending so much time with the...creature, there was no one else that he would be more comfortable to talk about his feelings with.  Sam would only tease him.  And his parents were simply not an option.
"Let me try."
Castiel’s eyes opened.  His wings were already pitiful.  He didn’t even want them to be seen, much less vulnerable to being touched by Asmodeus’s hands, or his blade.  Castiel swallowed.
Sam bowed his head a little, pleased to hear this.  He wouldn’t have expected anything different from Heaven.  A good Heaven, crafted by people he loved.
Dean actually takes a moment to think about that, and he finds that he does understand.  Who wouldn’t get married to get the job done, when you have no hope of being married to the one that you want?  There is no point in reserving yourself if you are not wanted.  Except, he knows that Cas
