Killian twisted the cap of his pen and sighed frustrated thinking about them all again. Tony wasn’t taking his medication, he wasn’t here, he wasn’t in reach. All they ever spoke about was what Tony needed, and they were all wrong. Tony
“Yeah.” Steve claps Bucky on the shoulder, smiling fondly. Tony tries to ignore the ache in his chest at the sight of it. He feels like he’s intruding in on their moment, on their lives, all he can think of is what Killian said years ago.
.” Stephens' voice comes through again, it’s been a while since he spoke to you. This has only been going on for about two days but he went from telling you every single move you needed to make to…. Just side comments to complain about Tony. He hadn’t even warned you about that creature that almost killed you. Only after, telling you to hide.  He said that there were mistakes that needed to be made, blood that needed to be spilled.
“The rent for this place must be insane,” Steve says, their apartment is only six-hundred a month, but it’s also a piece of shit and tiny. Their apartment could probably fit in Tony’s living room. If he doesn’t have roommates then he’s footing the bill himself and that must be a small fortune.
“I do have a plan. Find Thanos, then kill him.” Thor smiles brightly as if it’s the best plan he’s ever thought of.
“J, what day is it?” He asks with a powerful yawn, some of his words slurring as the force makes his eyes water.
“Yeah.” He says, not moving his hands from his face. Just block out the world and make himself feel safe. That should work.
“Tony! Tony where are you!” Steve yells, breaking a wall of the ship open, and stepping in. You stand out, the entire area looking unsafe. With Steve’s speed and strength, he should be fine. You? You’re not so durable, and prefer to be on the safe side.
Tony fidgets a little more. Curling his toes in the carpet. Just to give his mind something to focus on while he debates it mentally before settling.
Somehow he was this, a sad excuse for owner of Stark Industries, hiding away in this apartment. He had a plethora of mental problems, untreated at this point, avoiding his own doctor because somehow he managed to screw
He turned his eyes from the distracting object and sighed at the small rectangular photo before him. His finger edges the paper sharp corner and he likes the glossy feel of the front. A dash of light glimmered off it. He liked this photo the best of all the ones in his very thick folder. Tony’s gaze was turned right to the photographer’s lenses, making his eyes follow whoever was holding the photo.
“Yeah, sure.” Tony’s kind of thankful he said it because he didn’t want to kick them out just so he could take a nap. They all stand, and Tony walks them to the door. Tony’s just opened the door when Bucky suddenly turns, looking a bit nervous again.
He touches people all the time. It’s partly his job and part0ly because he’s a hands-on person, tactile, and touching is how you meet your soulmate, so many people are like him. When he feels the tingle in his palm spread out and then a shock of cold as if he’s dipped his hand in ice-cold water, he immediately knows it for what it is.
She hadn’t expected an answer, not verbally anyway. She’d gotten what she wanted. The things that flashed before your mind in a moment of searing pain, with fear clouding your mind just as much as your nerves were firing signals of pain straight to your brain. The thoughts the word sacrifice brought to your mind. She’d seen it using the power of the Mind Stone.
“Hey, don’t talk about my soulmate like that Barnes, or I’ll have to kick your ass,” Steve says shoving Bucky to the side.
“But what? It’s not forgivable for Tony? Because he’s already forgiven me, and this is all stuff about me you already know. So maybe you should just tell me what you’re really mad about. Like Tony rejecting your kiss.”
“I think you should tell them. Your life doesn’t have to change if you don’t want it to. But hiding your identity from your soul-mates is…” He struggled to find the word. “You may come to regret it. It can have disastrous ends.”
Steve contains a grimace as he walks into the gym. It always stinks to his hypersensitive nose, but this is worse. His senses are attacked with the smell of bleach and it’s overwhelming. He’s used to the smell of sweat and musk, that’s what you’d expect a gym to smell like. Not ammonia and bleach. Bucky was right, Brock back with his overbearing need to overwork everyone. Probably demanding everything be bleached despite that all the machines are wiped down and the floors sanitized every night. Apparently, that’s not good enough for the man. Steve goes to the locker room and puts his stuff away before heading out, checking his schedule for today.
Tony doesn’t know what to say to that. What does Bucky’s weird feelings have to do with him? But then there’s something else he remembers, something Killian told him.
“Y-you’re my soulmate.” Steve lets out. His voice breathless and confused. As anyone would be in this situation. But what can’t be heard in his voice is the immense relief he feels. He’s met his soulmate… and he didn’t hurt them… he saved them from pain actually. This was… this was amazing.
“Or he’s both.” Bucky shrugs. A car honks loudly behind them on the road at a biker who was still in the way when the light changed and Steve rolled his eyes, after wincing a bit. Downsides to having a stronger hearing.
When Steve had headed toward the crash he told Tony to stay put while he ran straight toward the cause. It was the creature, it’d heard the boys cries and broke straight through the glass to get inside the store. The boy had begun throwing books and anything else he could reach it. At first, the creature had tried to eat one of the books, the only reason Steve had time to make it before it realized that books weren’t it’s favorite meal choice.
“Yes, he staggered, and he bled.” Thor holds up the ax and there’s blood on it. Loki looks it over and nods.
“What no do-” He doesn’t finish his sentence before the bathroom door is pulled open and Tony steps out. He’d heard the sound of something breaking and then Jarvis’ voice had filled the bathroom. Saying something about his threat assessment rising.
He’d yell as if running wasn’t something every kid could do. But she would only smile at him just as brightly as he smiled at her, giving back that same energy because it was a miracle to them.
“I can’t just wander aimlessly around this time of night. I’ll be seen, or get mugged.” Tony isn’t sure which he’d prefer more. Actually, he does know. He’d rather get mugged than be recognized and found. Mugging is way better.
You cough heavily, feeling an ache in the arm you landed on. You watch the destruction spread and a big cloud of smoke rising from the truck catching the building on fire, it’ spreading. All right where you were standing. If you hadn’t moved… you would be dead.
“There's a break between Noon and one, so I'll fit him in around there, there'll be a nurse helping on the case, I already told her who he is, and she's discreet, I trust her, Tony has nothing to worry about people gossiping.”
Steve shrugs. Almost everyone in the gym gossips about why they have to keep ordering new ones. Fury already knows about Steve’s strength issue and just told him as long as it’s the bags he doesn’t give a damn how many he goes through.
Never had Steve felt such trepidation before contacting Bucky. He sat, phone in hand, and he couldn't decide if he should text or call. He didn't want to say the words aloud, confessing that he hurt Tony. Explain why he waited all this time to let him know.
“I don’t know.” You whisper, not that you know why Thanos thinks he can tell you about the eventfulness of your life, you can’t deny in comparison to being on an alien planet fighting for magical rocks because half the universe is trapped in one of them does make your life seem a little uneventful in comparison.
She saw the web of thoughts, memories, and impressions you’d ever had and she combined them all at that moment to get your silent answer, and she smiled, because the answer you gave was a good one, even if you didn’t know it.
“And… that’s the last piece. I think we’re all set.” Valkyrie declares, stepping back to look at her ship. “Beautiful.” She murmurs. Patting the exterior gently as if it were a kitten. “All we need to do is fuel her up, and we’ll be ready to go.”
“Hey. How’d it go?” Steve asked, slipping into the room. Tony had laid back on the bed, fatigue catching up with him.
You freeze. Knowing it’s one of the creatures. It either stayed behind or got tired of chasing Steve and came back. You didn’t think the flashlight would be a good enough weapon to stop it, and running in these tunnels weren’t ideal. Besides, this creature lives down here. It’s going to have a hell of a lot better chance at navigating and catching you than you would have of getting away.
“Oh.” Tony nods and finds himself intrigued with a random spot on the wall just above Bucky ’s head. The weight of those icy blue eyes suddenly feeling like a heavy weight to bear.
So, what the hell were you supposed to do next? Your hands shake with fear and panic. Thanos is still staring at you, he’s got murder in his eyes and you don’t doubt he will try to tear you apart to get the stones back.
Tony walks down the hall just as you do, and he sighs relieved. “Thank goodness. I thought I’d managed to screw things up with another kid.”
Bucky shrugs. “I dunno. Maybe it was the shock. That happens sometimes right? You get nervous and don’t know what to do?”
“Someone is always looking for Tony Stark.” He grumbles back but walks to his room to change. He grabs a new pair of sweatpants and a sweater to help cover his arms. The clothes are baggy on him. He bought them a size bigger when he was a normal weight he doesn’t like clothes that cling. But now that he’s lost weight, it’s no longer about comfort but about hiding just how unhealthy he looks. How unhealthy he is.
“Okay.” Tony can hear the hesitance in Bucky’s voice. Not knowing how to move forward, probably not believing Tony’s words. Why should he when he’s experiencing strong emotions telling him otherwise. Yet they don’t all know each other well enough to call him out on it. Bucky is trying to find the balance or the grey area where they all fit. Tony should probably say goodbye and hang up, but he doesn’t want to hang up, as much as he doesn’t want to be a bother, he wants comfort, he wants someone other than Jarvis to tell him he’s all right. He doesn’t want to be alone, but with someone who he can trust to protect him.
“Huh, that’s really rare. I think there’s like one or two people with that this century, one of them is a really famous guy.”
Rocket looks around and nods. “I guess I could go around collecting some of that alien tech, for all we know it could come in handy if we do make it to Thanos again. I’m really going to give that piece of shit all I can.” He gripped his gun tighter and began walking off. Scouring the grass for weapons and tech.
Occasionally Tony would laugh or make tiny comments on things Bucky mentioned or complained about. When the comments slowly stopped coming Bucky listened carefully and could hear the faint sound of snoring. He smiled, to himself, listening for a few seconds more before whispering goodnight and hanging up.
Thanos considers him for a moment. “Then I suppose it would be mercy to put you down.” He lifts the gantlet and the Infinity stones shine, humming power brightly. A power shoots right for Thor and he smiles. The beam goes right through him, and the illusion of him crackles and fades out. Thanos looks in confusion before he spins around sensing something behind him.
“Have a cold one time and try to sing, never live it down.” He groaned, dropping his head in his hands.
Bucky. God. It’s been so long since he’s seen Bucky. He spent too long apart, and he couldn’t even say goodbye. When he starts thinking about everyone he’s spent too little time with, he suddenly feels a pull in his heart even more. Who else is gone? It could be anyone, it was random selection, right?
“Yeah, a little? Maybe? I was supposed to die, Buck. I was not strong enough to last this long. What if—what if Tony has two soulmates to make up for the fact that I was supposed to die?”
The answer to that is a definite no. Keeping his eyes open is a struggle enough, he didn’t even have the strength to get himself upright, walking is a no go, Tony says as much with a shake of his head.
“I’m…” Steve bites his lip, hands clenching in and out of fists. “I’m the one who broke your counter. Not Bucky.”
“Steve, we can do this back and forth for hours if you like, but in the end, I’m not taking any money from you or Bucky. So you might as well save yourself some time, and get over it now ‘cause I already am.”
“Well, what do you want me to do about it? Ignore everyone?” You ask, accidentally ignoring Steve’s question.
“’m fine.” He grunts, tongue heavy in his mouth. Not trusting his words not to slur he tries pushing himself off the ground, only to fail and knock his head on the floor. Steve winces sympathetically, and places his hand between Tony’s head and the floor should he try again and need something softer to land on. He tries again, with help this time, Steve supporting his back and head, they manage to get Tony sitting upright, Steve’s hand just behind him keeping him steady and still.
Steve spends the rest of his shift thinking about it. Tony rejecting them. Him. He seems quite eager to look at Bucky’s arm which was unexpected but makes sense all things considered. Tony works with machines. Of course, he's drawn to one attached to his soulmate. Just like Steve always said. Bucky’s soulmate would be perfect for him. Able to accept Bucky in all ways. But it's not the same for Steve. He didn’t just get s new limb. He wasn't in an accident. He was sickly. Supposed to die as a child. He was changed by science. By Dr. Erskine. He can't block the sad thought that sneaks into his mind.
The moment the stone dislodged from its place on the gauntlet Thanos breaks free of everyone’s holds at the same time, he throws his arms out knocking you and Steve clear off the ground. He lands heavily on his side getting the wind knocked out of him, and you land a few feet away on your back coughing hard at the force.
Tony ignores it and smiles as they head to the elevator. It’s a quick exchanging of waves before the elevator closes and Tony locks himself in his apartment, thinking it all over.
“Stop!” You yell again, and he does, fighting through it after a few seconds. It must be the other stones, four trumps the power of two. That means you’ll just have to get the rest from him.
Soulmates don’t always meet; people often live their whole lives and even get married to people who aren’t their soulmates. Sometimes soulmates die before they meet. The soulmark fades when that happens. No matter how many times Tony reminded her of that fact, she never let herself give in. How could she? Tony was a rare, special man. One of the first in over a hundred years documented to have not one but two soulmates. Neither of which was her.
The sound of Steve’s fist hitting the counter and cracking makes him flinch back and the stool wobbles, he has to catch the counter to stop himself from falling completely. Steve gasps sharply once he’s realized what he’s done and steps back.
Bucky’s breath catches in his throat, and he freezes. God this was his soulmate. He’s waited so long for this.
As if on cue, there’s a beeping that emits from Bruce’s suit. They all turn to him and he looks down confused. “I thought this thing was done for sure.” He picks up the helmet examining the source of the beeping. “Hopefully it’s not a self-destruct kind of beep.” He places his head into the helmet getting a look at the screen, he realizes it’s Friday.
Tony looked down at himself. You couldn’t see it passed his clothes, but on his hip was one hand impression, and on his shoulders were two others. They were pitch black perfect impressions as if someone had paint on them and laid their hands on him not moments ago. Not all soulmarks are black. They’re meant to stand out from the skin even in their untouched state. Rhody’s soulmark was as white as baby powder before he’d met his soulmate.
Tony shifted from foot to foot. “I feel like I should be doing something.” He says up to the ceiling. But winces as he’s blinded by the light right above him. The sun’s been down for over an hour and the apartment seems darker than it’s ever been. Which he knows isn’t true. He’s spent many nights in the dark, comforted by it. He’s worked in it. But he can’t help but feeling it’s not good enough. That he’s not good enough.
Right on cue the microwave dings. Popcorn in hand, they all got to the living room. The obvious seat choice would be the couch, as the loveseat is too small for the three of them, and the simple desk chair would be much to isolating for one trying to socialize like a normal person and get to know their soulmates.
“How about a story?” You suggest instead. “No need to debate who is and who isn’t tone deaf that way.”
“I did, but- I don't think I'm ready for that. I want to be, I miss it.” Tony looks over his swollen wrist. “I'm just too fucked in the head I guess.”
Bucky seems to settle at that, back straighter, once again looking comfortable in his own skin. Tony takes that as good a sign as any to move on.
The movie begins and Tony has a hard time focusing on it. Hyper aware of every breath or micromovement. By the time he calms enough to watch the movie he’s in for a ride.
“Good.” you think back on the stones. On your sacrifice. You don't remember what it was. “Why didn't you tell me? About Gamora, or my sacrifice?”
“Not a single clue. But they might be working on that in Wakanda. Everyone was talking about moving forward and giving up.”
His eyes land to you and watches in amazement as your skin glows. Never before has he heard or seen someone else wield more than one stone, and you don’t even have a gauntlet.
“That doesn’t sound good,” Bucky mutters, Tony barely has to hold back and eye roll, he almost forgot he’s not talking to Rhody or Pepper. They don’t yet know things tend to explode when Tony’s involved.
Bucky nods numbly his hand inching up Tony’s arm until he’s met with the rolled-up sleeve. Then it seems Bucky gets enamored with the fabric and the feel of it as he pinches and rubs his index and thumb against it.
Acceptance, that’s what Killian said would help get rid of them forever. His medication a temporary fix. Was- was a temporary fix. He doesn’t have it anymore. He ran out of his last bottle and refilling it wasn’t an option. He couldn’t be found. He’d rather live in his personal hell than go back.
He hated his strength and everything it robbed him of. Which is something he never thought was possible? When Steve was younger, he was gangly and sick. Lithe, pale, couldn’t take ten steps without reaching for his inhaler. He had every sickness you could think of. The hospital was his second home, but it felt more like his first. He was homeschooled. He had to be. Otherwise, he would have been held back several grades, that was if he lived long enough to go back. Which, at the time, no one thought he would.
“Bucky says you should be happy hearing they’re alive, and to stop looking so sad. He also called you a punk.”
. It’s not long before he finishes just like that. Sitting on his bed, still fully dressed. Giving out fast-paced ragged breaths.
You look up and meet his eyes. You’re shocked to see the halo of light around his head is much larger and brighter than everyone else’s. It sharpens as he looks at you and you realize it’s showing his intent.
“Yeah.” Tony smiles. “Just uh, no funny business.” It’s partially a joke. Tony's sure the contact might be fine. But anything else… the last person who’d touched him was Killian and that was horrible.
“Not you.” The grip on his shoulders tighten. And Thor finally feels filled with something other than rage. As it was the only thing keeping him going. “Not before me. Too much I have lost, and you are the only thing I’ve left. Do not leave me stranded with nothing to lose again. I fear I could not survive it.”
I feel kind of nervous about this chapter, Steve and Tony meet, but I didn't want to make it all cakes and rainbows because they've got stuff to work through, but it ends on an okayish note-for them at least-.
He could still remember the feeling of her wrist crack under his fingers. He’d paid her hospital bill, and she never came back to the gym.
“So, what exactly is all this?” Steve asks, gesturing to the workstation. It’s unorganized, even once he did manage to clean up, it’s still a mess from his work only hours ago. It’s nothing like his lab back at SI. That place is immaculate, everything has a place, even if it doesn’t look like it to outside eyes, the mess is calculated. Tony could navigate that place blindfolded and one arm behind his back. He looks at the sad excuse he has been demoted to in his hiding and tries not to feel morbid about it again.
Once the last of it is gone, you take a moment to let in deep painful breaths, the taste of iron blood heavy in your mouth, you look down confused at the objects stained with your blood.
Steve and Bucky go through the rest of their day relatively normally. Which means Steve draws while Bucky watches T.V, most likely the same one he’s seen a million times already, but still laughs at every joke, still gets emotional at every scene, and is almost surprised by big plot twists as if it’s the first time he’s seeing it.
Everyone seemed to have the silent agreement, that Steve couldn’t be trusted to make the soundest decisions. Bruce and Natasha had lost the least in this. Apparently living a life with little ties to the world was a good thing. They cared about the Avengers, but they had loved each other. Bruce had cared a little more than Natasha, she was a spy, not heartless, but she knew how to separate feelings and work. Which she had to during the fight that broke up the Avengers. Bruce had spent two years off Earth altogether. Most of that time he spent stuck as the Hulk. Funny enough the Hulk chooses now to recede and hide it out.
“That’s what happens when you have no routine. It sounds like you need some. Diet is tied to sleep patterns. If you sleep bad, you eat bad. You need to find balance. You’re already suffering for it.” He lifts a page on the clipboard resting in his lap. “Can I get a list of current medications and illnesses from you?”
“No.” Bucky sighs into the mattress. “I had my glove on, and the long sleeve shirt. He didn’t see it.”
You heard the voice earlier but you have yet to put a name to it. It’s a man, that much you can tell.
Steve shakes his head, and starts drawing on the next free page. This seems like a good way to make the day pass. It’s the only thing keeping him patient enough to wait for tomorrow.
“I've never been able to feel.” Bucky whispers as if to himself. The grip on Tony’s arm loosens but doesn’t let go completely. Metal fingers ghost his skin dragging down. Just feeling.
Tony’s left eye twitches and he has to hold himself back from launching into a huge speech about why having something, anything, for over twenty years, means it should get looked at, even if it’s not something that you use every single day, like an arm! It needs a checkup once in a while. Much like a car. You have to change the oil, spin the tires, etc. But if Bucky has never gotten it checked then Tony’s mind will literally explode, because this beautiful piece of technology deserves better.
You look to the people around you. A halo of yellow surrounding each of their heads, and you know it to be thoughts, feelings, intentions and even memories. All shaped differently like crowns perfectly detailed to match each of everyone’s different personalities.
“I don’t think you can.” Bucky presses the hand to his chest harder. “It’s not me.” He says. “I’m not anxious.”
“Besides a thirty-minute rant on the broken stall in the locker room and how the entire gym has gone to shit in his absence? No not really.”
“Okay, step back.” He says, bracing himself, and you do too, taking several steps back, and beginning to crouch.
Tony blinks awake slowly. The arm he’s resting his head on feels numb and his shoulders stiff and sore. He stretches slowly, starting with his fingers and moving onto the rest of the arm as he moves it out from under him, grimacing at the drag of drool.
“Maybe.” Tony nodded. “I mean scared is what I do these days. I took one look at Bucky and bolted, so don't think you're extra special.”
“Hey,” Bucky says from the kitchen, drinking coffee. Steve trudges over, drinking some, not caring he probably going to sleep soon. Coffee doesn’t really affect him until his third or fourth cup. “You look beat, Brock give you hell?”
“Is it recurring or constant?” He stands on his toes, eyes leveling to Bucky’s shoulders to see if their even. “Is it in a certain spot? Can you feel it in the arm, or is it your shoulder?” Tony stops himself with a sigh. “I’m getting ahead of myself. If I take a look I can probably figure out what’s wrong. But not tonight, unless it hurts and you need me to.”
He worried if Tony would just answer and tell him to shove off. Or maybe the chance Tony wouldn’t answer and the phone would be out of service. Steve just thought Tony needed more time. It was pretty bad. Rhody losing most of the function in his legs, Tony having to go to physical therapy himself after Steve jammed his shield into Tony’s chest.
Both Steve and Bucky get the sense that it’s probably time to go. Steve’s got a shift this afternoon anyway, then Bucky works the night shift. Despite them not wanting to go, there’s also the powerful urge not to overstay their welcome and possibly mess things up.
Tony looks to Steve who’s back is now turned to them. “Come on, Blondie. I’m giving out free hugs. You don’t want one?”
He was so tired of good causes. Where was his good cause? All the money of Stark industries, and here he was, slumming it in some low down barely middle-class part of New York. For the lack of a better word, hiding. All it did was show who his real friends were. Only Pepper and Rhody cared. Everyone else just wanted to add more fuel to the fire and have their latest stock on gossip.
He moved eventually, but just in time to save his head from getting torn to pieces by the train as his arm had.
“He fell asleep.” Bucky whispered, holding his phone in his hand. It was overheated in his hand. The call having been going for almost three hours, the battery was low and screen smudged from the oil of his face.
“Yeah.” Tony didn't know where his phone was, which was often the case. Jarvis often acts as a phone, reading the messages and answering calls.
He flinches hard when a soft knock comes on the door right in front of him, He takes a deep breath, and opens the door.
For a moment in time, she’d thought her death would be at Peter’s hand. Somehow that was a comforting form of death. He would free her from the never-ending fight against death, helping her welcome it as so many did before her. Just like her mother. Heaven wasn’t something she believed in, nor did she believe in hell. In her mind, there was just a place… no particular landscape, where all the dead go, good and bad, everyone who’s ever died goes there and they stay there in that place, peacefully for the rest of eternity.
What if Tony was born with two soulmates because Steve was supposed to die as a child and so Tony wouldn't be left alone.
“None of the lines from Bucky’s hand are visible.” It’s true, even in the clay model that he currently has sitting in the oven doesn’t have them.
Tony’s chest. It takes a few looks, and several seconds to fully process that bit of information. He looks down at it. The only thing visible is Killian’s bloody forearm, the rest is inside of Tony, poking at his ribs and lungs, organs pushed around roughly.
“Thor will help later. But you guys need to find him and tell him what’s going on. That way we can get to him with the time is right.”
There’s a beat of silence and Tony speaks again. “You know what, it’s okay, you basically exploded and re-atomized. Amnesia is the bottom of worst case scenarios. I’m sure it’ll come back to you.”
“I think it was in the news a few years ago, Tony's the only one right now with two soul-bonds at least as far as we're aware.”
He misses her, he misses Rhody, his house, the lab, everything, and he can’t go back. He’s too scared to go back. He rubs his hands over his face as he lies back on the couch. Sometimes the fear turns into a bout of rage when he’s reminded of everything he can’t have, because of Killian and his stupid face. He sighs wondering how exactly he’s ever going to get his life back.
You stand slowly. You’ve just lost the only two people important to you and so has the rest of the world it seems like. So, you go out on a limb and decide to listen to the voice in your head. What else are you going to do?
“I wouldn’t call them that. More like burdens.” Steve slid his hands down his legs, comforting himself, nerves rising. “Are you- are you scared of me? I understand if you are, I hurt you. I’m so sorry, and I’m sorry we lied about the counter, I was just so scared, and Bucky stepped up. I don’t want to be like this, I try so hard to control it.”
“Hey, Tony, it’s Bucky.” Comes the uncertain voice over the speakers. Tony resists the urge to say I know since he has caller ID and knows what Bucky’s voice sounds like. It's the uncertainty that stops Tony from doing so. “Are uh- are you all right?”
“I’ll tell him about how you’ve been waiting your entire life to meet him, and I know you’ll be the best soulmate anyone could have. You know, besides my soulmate.” Steve smiles.
The blinds in Bucky’s room were a light baby blue. He opened his eyes to the light glow of it, and the apartment was as cool as the early morning air due to their poor insulation. But he preferred the cold to the heat. He rubbed his eyes, and stretched in bed, finding himself lazy and not wanting to move more than that. He stayed on his phone in bed for over an hour before his hunger urged him to move. Once out of his room he realized he was home alone, not unusual at this hour. Steve could be at work or on his morning run, and depending on how stressed he was the run could last for hours.
“He has two soul marks Bucky. I touched him and- and my marks changed.” Steve looks down again. Following Bucky’s pinched gaze.
When her head connected with the ground, shattering her skull, and she woke up somewhere else, the pain is gone, the fear is gone, she just knew that peaceful place isn’t where she ended up.
When you reached the Valkyrie’s ship Stephen had begun to give you instructions. What to tell each and every person, what some weren’t allowed to know, and things others were.
“I’m not sure how far the hospital is, or if anyone’s even going to be there when we get there.” You comment. It takes you wonder about how the rest of the population has been handling all of this.
“No.” Bucky shakes his head. “From the way he looked, I’m sure he’s never gonna come back. We have to go to him.”
“So, you were going to reform the Avengers and not even call us?” Steve sat forward in his chair, shoulders squaring.
So, Steve would memorize things as soon as he’d seen them he’d commit the image to memory. Then he’d hold onto it until he got to a paper and a pen. Sometimes he’d even draw it on his skin if he was desperate enough.
Steve breathes a sigh of relief and looks up at the ceiling. “Okay. I’ll go.” Bucky pushes himself face up and stares at Steve.
They all come in one by one, doing a quick introduction and then leaving, letting the next person get their turn.
“It’s not that. I don’t-” He gives up hiding it, he’s going to get found out anyway. “If we go, they’ll figure out who I am, and then he’ll find me.”
It took a few years for him to actually draw something that looked realistic, or perfect compared to the image in his mind’s eye. But once he did, he mastered it. Now, he could look at almost anything and draw it perfectly to scale in minutes. Almost as if you’d snapped a photo and printed it out.
“No.” He straightened his back, matching Tony’s attentive posture. “I haven't spoken to him since before he went over to get his arm checked out. How'd that go?”
“No. Don't look them up.” Tony wants to know the real them. Well, that is if he gets to know them at all. He slides to the floor and lifts his shirt looking down at the soulmark on his hip.
He sighs down at his phone if she’s pushing for an actual conversation its not just another update about SI, she wants to talk about something. Something he doesn’t want to talk about, because he doesn’t want to talk about anything much these days. He wonders if she’ll ask him to come home.
Now all you had to do was wait for Stephen to tell you-you're safe. Hopefully, that will be before you die of blood loss.
Soon your attention to pain is focused on something else. A sharp burning in your skin. You look down at your hand, the left one, and see bright green lines of power burning into your skin traveling up your body spreading like fire. It hurts so bad you can’t even bring yourself to scream, you fall to your knees as the veins spread up to your shoulder.
Thanos snapped his finger and she felt the power in her body bubble up like boiling water right before she felt it spread in all directions across the universe. At that moment she knew, that it was now or never. She directed Thanos’ power, one last strain of rebellion and pulled all that energy back inside of her, taking all the souls of those who Thanos erased and pulling them inside the Soul Stone.
“I know.” She says softly, trying to collect her words. “I’m sorry to say, nothing has changed. Tony isn’t back, and he isn’t interested in anyone knowing where he is. Myself and Rhody included.”
“Oh god.” That’s all Steve was able to say, looking down at Bucky’s gun. That’s all that was left of him. Wakanda grows eerily silent. Maybe it’s the lack of people, or the mass grief lulling them all into a silence. Natasha lays a hand on his shoulder.
You walk across the room, opening the window and feels the cold pellets of water spraying your face, you pause thinking of somewhere to go, but then you realize… you could go anywhere you wanted in the nine realms. This sacrifice doesn’t have to be so bad. You get to travel the universe.
He felt the skin give under his short nails, he was quick and warm blood grazed his fingertips, a short pained yell reached his ears then his wrist was snatched with a force that didn’t seem human. Tony was yelling out now. It happened quickly. Lasted for a second, maybe two. His skin tightened and pinched under the pressure, then the bones inside his wrist began to give and snap. Just as the pain burned hot and radiated, the pressure released and his wrist freed.
This plan was doomed to fail at some point right? He couldn’t stay hidden from Killian forever, the world. Pepper and Rhody are out there, waiting for him to come home. He misses them. Killian. Tony wasn’t sure how Killian would feel, or what he’d do. There wasn’t anything Tony could do to stop him, whatever he should decide.
“Pepper, it’s Killian again.” The woman over the intercom informs as the phone blinks with an incoming call.
He thinks he did a good job pretending to be the latter. Everyone seemed to believe Tony Stark had skin so thick you couldn’t break it with a pickaxe much less words, and for the most part that’s true. He doesn’t give a damn what a bunch of strangers say or think about him. He’s gotten enough hate mail to know that for himself.
And without a peep from Tony. No sign of him in the media, he’s not going to company meetings. Nothing. Killian would almost be worried he was dead if he didn’t know for a fact Pepper was in contact with him. He overheard her end of a phone call to him once. He’d asked her multiple times to convince Tony to come back, and she said she would try, but has yielded no results.
Steve had been sitting on the floor across from Bucky in the hallway the whole time, unable to focus on anything else until this was all resolved.
Leaning forward she whispers in your ear, as she speaks, telling you what needs to be given in order to save everyone, your eyes go wide. Once she’s done, she pulls back.
“I can feel your heart, Tony.” Killian said, his pupils blown wide, lips parted as if this was something else, not pain, not murder, but love, and passion. “It’s beating so strongly.” A constriction tight around Tony’s heart made him full body stutter, his lungs seized, struggling for air, and pain wracked through him. “I should take this, right? We both know this belongs to me by now.”
This was a mistake. He was an idiot to say they could come back. He should have just packed up Dum-E and Jarvis’ coding and left in the night like a smart person. He never wanted soulmates, never. Not since he was a kid who believed in magic and fairy tales.
“it was foolish for you to come here,” Thanos says, looking to the horizon not even bothering to give Thor so much as his gaze. “You will not win against me.”
Tony has had stitches many times in his life, and he knows this is clearly the work of an amateur. No doubt it’s going to scar. He looks around, not recognizing the home he’s in. He vaguely remembers Steve, and someone else. But that might have been a hallucination. He hears the distant sound of voices and listens closely.
“Any calls from Pepper or Rhody?” He asks, plopping down on the couch with a huff as the air is knocked out of him slightly with force.
“Honestly, it’s fine.” Tony waves his hands again. “I’m not worried about the counters, I barely use them anyway. Besides the marble was starting to annoy me. This will give me an excuse to maybe change it out to something else.”
You hesitate, not wanting to feel that pain again, but the Mind Stone wasn’t doing this to you, so you listen, hoping- praying it wouldn’t hurt again as you reach into the sand and pick it up.
Bucky thinks for a moment, trying to collect his words carefully because this is important. “I saw how loosely you hugged Tony. I don’t even think your chest’s touched. Are you- were worried about hurting him?”
“It was me, I hurt him.” He felt a ball build in his throat. “He was having a nightmare.” Steve remembered waking on the couch hearing Tony yell how he sounded as if someone was attacking him. “He was screaming for help.” He picked his eyes up from the floor. “I ran in there, and I tried to shake him awake. Next thing I know I could feel his wrist crunch in my hand.”
“I found my soulmates.” he whispers to himself.  Sliding his hands over them.  He takes a few deep breaths as his heartbeat increases. He's met his soulmates, and they want to come back. They want to introduce formally and who knows what else.
Bucky had seen Steve do that hundreds of times. He had drawings of Steve’s framed and placed around the apartment all over. But never had he seen any picture look quite so alive. Almost like it was a real person trapped between the pages that would move at any moment and call for help or try their escape. Bucky reaches out for the sketch, tracing the darkest shading with his finger.
Bucky is pacing back and forth outside the apartment building. It’s hot out and his flesh hand is getting sweaty, and he wipes the palm against his pants. He knows Steve won’t say anything bad about him, but somehow, he’s still worried something’s going to go wrong.
“Tony, there’s no such thing as a three-way soul-bond. Bucky and I only have one soulmate, that's you. You’re the one with two bonds. Two separate bonds.”
I didn't want this chapter to read as team-cap, or team-Iron man. It was a mostly both sides have things to make up for situation, but Tony just needs a little more time to move past it, which he's already starting to do, whether he wants to or not.
“Yeah.” You nod. “I feel great. I’m happy the both of you are safe.” The boy coos at you as he reaches a hand in your direction. You give him your finger to squeeze and he laughs. “What’s his name?”
The sound of the T.V playing low pulls his attention. He stands, making his way to the living room. Steve sits on the couch sketchbook in hand drawing.
“I agree.” Valkyrie stands. “Your plan is shit. You don’t know where he is, or how injured he is, and you’re forgetting he’s got the stones, he doesn’t need to be at full strength, they’ll do all the work for him.”
Tony takes a deep breath and decides to wing it. He’s good at talking to people. Faking smiles, charming ass-hats. Even when he doesn’t want to he’s good at it. It may have been a while but he could at least try.
Tony doesn’t look up from the empty glass. “There’s a difference between drinking to stay alive, and drinking to stay awake.”
“It would seem so.” Loki smiles. “That ax really must have done a number. Who knew destiny could bleed.” Loki taunts, adding a laugh at the end. Thor laughs along too.
“Are you alright?” That voice doesn’t come from inside your head, it takes you a moment to realize that, you look up at the man who speaks to you.
You’re waiting for them as they step out. The moment your eyes land on Tony’s face, you feel a sharp pain in the side of your head. It’s not as intense or painful as it was before when you met the small group all at the same time. Something about the more people one brings to the surface may be the more pain you’ll experience.
You drop to your knee until it passes, hearing a new voice. It’s so unfocused and panicked. It’s yelling for someone. An Aunt May, and Mr. Stark. You know Mr. Stark to be Tony, but not the other.
“Is he your emergency contact?” Steve’s face is so sincere, he’s open, he’s listening.  But Tony can’t tell him, not all of it. He can’t say the words.
Dinner. Sounded simple enough, Tony remembers at time where he’d jump at dinner with just about anyone. Now it scares him. The very idea of it, and all it implies. Going in public, where he could be seen. Tony sighs, stabbing his fork aimlessly into the eggs on his plate, leaning his head back against the cool steel of the fridge where he sits on the floor. Something about the steady buzz coming from it and the feeling of it rumble against this back calms him.
“Okay.” She settles with that for now. She’s heard his voice and can accept small victory’s, one day at a time. The elevator stops on her floor, and she heads for her office, suddenly reminded of Killian's phone call. “Oh. While I have you, I wanted you to know, Killian called me, he wanted me to ask you that you take your medication. He’s really worried about you, and he at the very least wants you to not get off track any more than you already are.”
“I do not sense him on Earth, that does not mean he’s dead. I believe Y/n might have had his location. Or at least Stephen did.”
It’s bleeding badly. You know the smart move is to wrap it up in some kind of cloth to try and control the bleeding. But moving isn’t an option right now. Not with the thing that did this to you lurking right out in the middle of the street.
It had long claws, six legs, three on each side. Its entire frame reminded you of some crocodile hybrid of some sort. It stood higher from the ground and it’s got long claws. It didn’t have a jaw like a crocodile it’s face flatter less snout, but probably the same amount of teeth.
Less than a minute later Steve was setting Tony down on the couch and leaving him with promises to be right back, producing a cup of water. Tony drank it like a man dying of thirst only to have Steve reprimand him and tell him not to drink it too fast.
“Then I guess we do have to work together. But that doesn’t suddenly make us friends again.” Finally, he pulls his hands away.
“Uh, yeah. I met my soulmate.” He nods, feeling self-conscious. Like it was a secret that needed to be kept. Although he’s never felt that way before about his mark. He hadn’t thought about telling anybody. The only person who he immediately would have been going to tell was Bucky and they shared the same soulmate. They were friends with the others at the gym, but no one was quite as close to the two like they were to each other. With how Tony reacted, and the hesitance they both felt from the man, he wondered if Tony had anyone to tell. Family, or friends. He’d asked if Bucky and Steve had been together, but they didn't really know if he was dating. From the looks of it, Tony lived alone, but that doesn't mean he wasn’t in a relationship, or on his way to starting one.
Steve had been trying to balance keeping up the conversation while maintaining full focus and control of his body. Not making sudden movements, and definitely not breaking the cup or plate Tony handed him. He’d silently been taking deep breathes to keep calm and just not break anything. He didn’t want to ruin this, especially not for Bucky too. Who he knows despite his uncanny ability to try and flirt, he’s still nervous.
“What I don’t understand, is why you?” Tony says finally. You’d found Steve and the four of you began walking to Stark Tower, it wasn’t far, you could already see it in the distance when you look up. It’s taller than most of the other buildings around it.
“You guess?” Bucky laughs. “It went great. A hiccup or two, but Tony said he wants to see us again. He gave us his number. What about that leaves you feeling rejected?”
“Alright.” Stephen throws away his empty jello cup.  “Are you ready to go back? Bucky’s probably here by now.”
“It shouldn’t matter who or what you’re hiding from, I’m sure he could easily do it again, and we’ll pay for everything this time, Bucky and I have some savings.”
Boxers and a T-shirt on, he's leaving his room. He could eat but he's feeling lazy and he ate an hour ago. He's fine. He heads to the workbench and does a more detailed cleaning. Wiping down his chair and mopping the floor.
“What?” Tony pauses, looking down at his sheets, somehow feeling embarrassed or exposed. Why would Bucky ask something like that? Why would he even call this early?
“Hello?” Tony asks, voice still sounding rough. The man smiles big and bright, all white teeth that practically shine like Mr. Clean.
But now he’s thinking about them. Every single scenario that could have caused his soulmate to run away at the gym. Every reason why his soulmate could run away again.
“It was the first thing I thought of, just run away.” He clenched and unclenched his uninjured fist. "I never prepared for soulmates. Never intended on meeting you guys. I've been running from it ever since I was a kid, and when it finally came around, I just kept running.” He takes a deep breath. “I still am.”
“How…” Bucky starts and then stops, not sure which question of a million in his head he should ask first. “What?”
And before anyone says anything. Bucky was worth it. He was worth fighting, and becoming a fugitive. Steve would never regret sticking up to save his best friend. But that doesn’t make him blind to the cost.
This isn't the last chapter just so y'all know, there's probably going to just be one or two more. This is spreading out a lot more than I thought it would so who knows?
“Would you like to wait until Steve has a day off too? I could easily talk him through the process, he could be the one to handle it.” A bit of an oversimplification of what exactly it takes to handle everything correctly, but it's not rocket science, it would be fine having Steve be his hands.
“So, uh, Bucky.” He starts stepping forward, “I was wondering if you’d be okay with me taking a look at your arm sometime?”
Also I know everything on Titan is dead... but... i need them for the next chapter so... i made them up
Tony coughs again and blinks his eyes open slowly. “Did I hit my head too hard? Or do you have a beard?”
Bruce looks down at his reflection in the water and sighed. Still, he could feel the hulk holding back. God, this was all backwards. Usually, he’d have to hold the big guy back. Meditating, drinking that disgusting tea. The whole nine yards. But now, the moment Bruce needed him, the moment everyone needed him everything had to change.
He hasn’t muted Jarvis once since he moved. But he can’t handle the lecturing right now. Work is all he needs, it’s all he has. But he can’t see, as he looks down at the pages, as his vision blurs with tears. His hands are shaking too. God. Why did this have to happen today? Why did this have to happen at all?
Before you could decide the creature shot its tongue out, much like a frog, crossing the entire distance between you and wrapping in a spiral loop around your entire right arm. Then sharp pricks that lined the tongue, dug deeply into your skin. It tugged back, pulling you a few inches, and your arm bleeds as the pricks pulled tearing your skin open deep.
“Oh no, that’s not it at all.” Steve shook his head. “Actually, I asked if we could come back tomorrow. You know, plan things and give him time to… I don’t know, prepare himself? Everything we’ve done was pretty sudden and I get the feeling he doesn’t like sudden very much.”
Bucky's head was shaking, his brows knitted, and Steve realized he wasn't about to get the unwavering acceptance and forgiveness he'd always received from Bucky in the past.
You wait thirty seconds after they’ve all left and are out of sight before you move, heading down the tunnels. You turn the flashlight on and follow the largest straight tunnel you find, just like Stephen told you to. Trying not to let fear slow you down or chicken out. This was important and everyone had their part to play. This was yours.
“How is it settling? You are cutting yourself off for a dream! There are lots of people who can get over scars, and that arm isn’t as big as a deterrent as you think it is.”
Bucky almost doesn’t register he’s being asked a question, and when he does he’s still too shocked to actually speak. Thankfully Steve does it for him. “There was a doctor, he worked for Stark Industries.”
He sighs, looking up at the sky. What was he if he wasn’t the hulk? What were they together? What were they without each other?
Once he does, and he feels the cold metal against his fingers he smiles, and Bucky thinks this might all be a dream and he’s going to wake up now back at the gym, dozing off on his shift. That or he’s going to suddenly combust because the world will realize something impossible is happening and try to magically balance the scales of the earth.
You woke up to pain as the mattress beneath you dipped heavily to one side. Groaning deeply, you open your eyes lifting the pained appendage. Seeing the bandages, you know you’re safe. Back in the house. Steve or Tony must have found you and brought you back. You look over to the source of movement and find tiny brown eyes looking down at you.
“Really.” Brock laughs. “Come on, let’s start over.” He holds his hand out to shake, and Steve can’t find it in himself to be an asshole enough not to take it. Apparently not being an asshole was a mistake. When Brock pulled away looking down at his hand. “Do my eyes deceive me or do you have a blue soul-mark.”
“When you’ve got a thousand teenagers and kids coming in and out of the tower every day, safety protocols are your new best friend.” Tony chuckles. Pepper had said something along those same lines when he handed her two-hundred pages worth of updated information and security codes. After getting past the shock of the upgraded system she calmed down and was on board. Accidents happen all the time, and being this prepared prevents them, and also is great for avoiding lawsuits.
Bruce and Natasha are not too far away, somewhere they can watch as she collects her things waiting for her cue. Bruce is breathing hard trying to trigger the hulk but with no luck.
Steve would always ask how long he’d have to wait for his soulmate up there, and everyone always gave the same answer.
“You know… I mean what you two have is probably great, I mean- since high school. That’s gotta be nothing less than amazing. Sure, you wanna just throw a random wrench in the gears and hope everything runs smoothly?”  He’s not making eye contact anymore. Suddenly his eyes are glued to one particular crack in the counter, which is absolutely destroying his casual façade.
I was getting lazy so like halfway through I stopped putting what everyone was saying in quotes. But just for everyone who's in the reader's head. It's easier to just italic than do both, but that might not stay that way. I'm sure it'll be fine.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
“You can do this Bruce.” She says, not bothering looking up as she sharpens her knives and watches her widow bites charge.
Tony takes a deep breath and closes his eyes, digging his face into his pillow. If he psyches himself out, he’s really not going to fall asleep. Then he’ll be right back where he started.
“Great! He was just nervous because you left very quickly. So he sent me up. I was wondering if maybe you’d be willing to come down and speak to him? Or have him come up? You know, just to properly meet?”
“You know how it is, with people in these circles.” Stephen rolled his eyes. “He'll get the same privacy as Natasha.” He leaned against the door. “So how exactly do you know Tony?”
Tony shakes his head, playing the moment over again in his head. Peter, everyone. They all turned to ash. There’s no way they are still alive, that’s not how it works.
“Would you?” Bucky asks standing, “You feel it all the time. Always scared of breaking something or pushing too hard. Maybe you’ve just grown numb to it. Or maybe it’s not that at all. Maybe you’re so used to relying on your enhanced senses you couldn’t detect this one. Maybe I wouldn’t have had I already been awake and concentrated.”
“Who is it? Where are they? What happened? Where’s their mark? I told you this would happen, didn’t I?” Steve talks a mile a minute, almost just as excited for Bucky as he was for himself. After all, this had been a journey they’d taken together. Ever since ninth grade, just after Bucky lost his arm, and he was depressed, losing a limb and possibly the one chance to find his soulmate.
“Thanks.” Steve smiles, taking them, and carefully wrapping them around the entire length of your arm, making sure they were secure and cut off the bleeding. He knew it wouldn’t last long. He needed to get you out of there. Probably back to the rest of the medical supplies at the house. “Okay, we got to move. Follow me okay?” Steve said as he picked you up. The kid nodded and grabbed onto Steve’s shirt for extra measure to keep him close. Steve noted the lack of shoes and made sure to keep an eye out for the broken glass.
Steve and Bucky do their best to place them in the flasks. Tony’s smile only widens once they settle and he moves to place them on the marble countertop. He gently pets the petals smiling at them. He looks back up to see them standing in the doorway and he chuckles.
Tony groans rolling onto his back. Trying to decide if eating is even worth it at this point when Jarvis adds.
That’s when a book hits him square in the face. He blinks a few times before he smiles. Rising his hands slowly. “I’m just trying to help. No need to attack.” The boy squints at Steve, another book in his hand ready for throwing as he’s probably doing his best trying to level a glare.
The knowledge hits him like a punch to the gut. He doesn’t move, and time seems to slow, just for him to think. It’s a stalemate. If any of them speak, it’s over, they have to acknowledge the time, that the night is done, and they’ll have to go.
Thanos steps back from their mirages and takes a deep breath. “Your tricks will not work on me.” He holds the gauntlet up and the reality stone brightens and a glow of red surrounds him.  Then it shoots out in all directions, destroying the illusion, and exposing Thor and Loki’s true location a few feet away to the left. Once they realize they’ve been found, they steady themselves weapons at the ready. Thanos smiles smugly at them.
Two hours had passed, Steve knew only because he kept checking his phone. Time went by slowly in the silent room, nothing but the soft sounds of Tony’s breathing as he slept. He looked no different than when he was awake, small, sullen, and alone. How someone could look lonely even in their sleep Steve didn’t know, but it nearly broke his heart in two. In so many ways he feels he’s failing. Some criteria for being a soulmate he’s not measuring up to because he hasn’t been given the rules.
From across the room, he could already see the dent in the counter, and he was more than thoroughly confused. Steve and Bucky both froze as he stepped closer. Both not daring to say a word as they waited for Tony to react.
Natasha nods. “Sounds like a plan I could get behind. Good thing we’re in Wakanda. They’ve probably got everything we need.”
He looks back up at his face in the reflection. Knowing who he looks more like when he shaves. The other reason Tony doesn’t like to look in the mirror.
“No, I didn’t.” Steve shakes his head, wondering how in all her reports, Natasha never brought that up. She probably thought it wasn’t important and knew it would only pour salt to the wound. She was intuitive like that.
“That means this weapon is the only thing I’ve seen or known to hurt him. If this is the case, then this is something he will be on the lookout for. You must think before you act. His first move may be to separate you from your ax.”
“I’m serious.” You giggle. “We were headed to get ice cream when-” Your sentence trails off when you realize what you were going to say.
Stephen paused, eyes darted to Tony's sleeping form, then back to Steve. “How long have you known Tony?”
“May I?” Tony nods, extending it slowly. The doctor holds his arm by the elbow. “Okay, I’m going to apply some pressure.” A gloved thumb presses just at the base of his wrist lightly until Tony winces. Okay.” He nods. “Can you move it?”
He’d also taken to apologetically ignoring Pepper. While it wasn’t exactly a big step considering he wasn’t speaking to her much on the phone, he used to reply to her voicemails with messages. Something he hasn’t done all week. He couldn’t, whenever he opened his phone, whenever he began to think about what he would send, he would think about Kilian, his constant pursuit of any and all information on Tony.
Steve was the last to round the corner, he barely gets one glance at you when your eyes roll back and you begin falling. Despite not knowing you, he doesn’t hesitate to push past Natasha and Bruce, and up the steps just in time to stop your head from hitting the edge of a stair. He then picks you up, straining a little, feeling an injury in his side from his brush up with Thanos. He broke several bones, but already they were healing, he just needed to wait a little longer.
“I ordered pizza.” He explains when they both look to the door confused. He quickly walks over talking a mile a minute. “I didn’t know if you’d be hungry, and I don’t really have anything in the fridge, and even if I did, I don’t really know what you like. But if you don’t like pizza you obviously don’t have to eat it. It won’t hurt my feelings or anything. Not that you have to worry about my feelings!”
They talk for hours. Or at least, Bucky talks for hours. Mostly just complaining about Brock, because that helped fill the time. Taking Tony’s mind off the dream. Not that Bucky knew what exactly he was helping take Tony’s mind off of.
He takes some quiet deep breathes, steady’s himself on his feet and tiptoes forward. To the door, pressing his cheek on the smooth sanded wood, and looks through the hole. It’s a tall blond man. No one Tony recognizes. It’s possible it’s a private detective or mercenary of some sort.
“Oh, uh no.” He shakes his head and tried not to laugh at the idea. Literally, the only person in the world he could stand living with was Rhody. Maybe Pepper, but they are not really good together long term.
“Tony.” Bucky whispers to himself. As if saying the name might summon the man himself out of thin air.
“Who? Strange? Because I’d like to talk to that bastard too, ask him why everyone dying was the ‘only way’.”
“And Thanos is the one who wiped out half the universe.”  You remember the name from when Steve had said it, along with some of the unnamed voices in your head.
Tony sits on the floor and just stares at the door. He’s too tired to move, too tired to even go over and lock the door, thank god Jarvis can do that for him.
“You mean like all three? No, it says that’s never been documented.” Bucky shakes his head. “We’ve got the same soulmate.” Bucky says, dropping heavily onto the couch folding his arms over his chest in thought. “Who woulda thunk.” He laughs. Steve laughs and turns from the computer.
With pain, came realization and freedom. Because here, in his wrist right now was real pain. It ached, ebbed and burned. Forced tears to his eyes and a yell from his throat. It’s so much more real than that hazy imitation and memory of pain.
“I was just trying to see if he was single. You’re over here trying to hint at his financial status. News flash Stevie, people are sensitive about money. Don’t bring it up on a first date. But why am I surprised you don’t know this? It’s not like you’ve ever made it to a second.” The moment it’s out of Bucky’s mouth he regrets it. It’s a low blow, a very low blow, considering the fact that Steve’s never had a second date has nothing to do with communication skills and more to do with his overly strong body.
The offer took Tony by surprise. Despite it being the next obvious step to Tony not being able to walk himself, it still gave him pause. The only other options were Tony army crawling over or just going back to sleep right there on the floor, which he’s done before. It's not so bad. But Steve offering to carry Tony seemed like a stretch, something unexpected. Especially with the way Steve seemed to back away from any physical contact. Tony had assumed Steve just didn’t like it.
“I’m not helping you on a suicide mission. I don’t care what Strange said.” Natasha says shaking her head.
“I’m not sure this is going to make you angrier or not, but I lost the kid.” Tony can hear the sound of porcelain breaking as Steve slams his shirt back into the water so fast it breaks the sink. Steve just leaves it and darts into the living room.
You could hear him pacing downstairs. Stephen gave you the exact minute that Wong was supposed to open a portal of some kind so Steve could come through. There were only five minutes until last time you checked, you look over at the clock, now it’s about one. You stand, deciding you should be there when they come through, and for the first time in a while, Stephen’s voice breaks through the buzz to speak to you.
He doesn’t eat regularly, and when he does, it isn’t anything healthy. Jarvis often reminds Tony he’s lacking in much-needed vitamin’s which is leading to aches and pains.
Tony full out sprints all the way to his apartment and slams the door shut behind him. Locking all three locks on the door, and telling Jarvis to keep an eye out for intruders, or anyone unusual on the entire floor. Which would be anyone other than the mailman, because no one else lives on this floor other than Tony. When he bought the apartment, he bought the entire floor and did renovations. So, three of the four apartments on this floor now make up one, and the fourth he uses as a storage unit. There is still the elevator and the hallway. Tony hates the idea of an elevator that opened into his living room. He had too many trust issues for that. Besides, having to install a key or code so that only he could access the floor felt like it’d draw more attention to him, and more attention is the opposite of what Tony wanted.
“What are you doing?” Steve grits out between his teeth, and you shake your head, not bothering to explain. You reach for the yellow one, holding back the wince of pain a the metal and rock presses against your torn palm. It’s hard to pull at first, almost as if it’s magnetized to the gauntlet. But you grind your teeth and pull harder. It comes free finally and you fall back, with the force you were putting into it. You look down at the stone in victory and smile up at Steve who looks incredulous. Then you step forward again.
Steve searches the aircraft, it’s similar to the ones he saw in Wakanda. Still, he searches though, calling for Tony, he stops when he hears a round of coughing under some fallen debris. Steve knocks it all away with haste, breathing a sigh of relief. Aside from the dust and blood. Tony looks so much different than he was when Steve last saw him years ago. But that might just be the blood and dust covering him.
Natasha almost offers to go with him, but she can see something else is on his mind, he may really just want some alone time.
There’s no way Tony’s not going to notice that, there’s no way he’s not going to question how in the hell Steve managed to do that with his fist. Dread and regret filled him. Fear that he’s ruined this for the both of them.
“I can’t!” He yells. “it’s not working.” He doesn’t mean to be so curt with her but he’s frustrated. It comes out wrong, and he can tell the moment her eyes snap up to him that it was a mistake.
fine.” He paused. “Tony, it’s you I’m worried about… your arm- I could feel it- can you please come out, so I can see you? Make sure you’re okay?”
Dum-E made a decent dent in the mess of foam and oil. He sighs when he sees the state of his blueprints and drafts all burned and charred. He's lost a good amount of information but its fine. He’ll write it all back up later. He takes the rag in one hand, sandwich in other and eats as he cleans. Once the oil and foam are mostly up he throws the rag away and moves onto sorting. Burnt and not burnt. He'll copy everything down and make backups later. For now it's just making sure he doesn't leave this huge mess here.
“Yeah, can you order something? I don’t feel like cooking.” He sighs, dropping his head in his hands on the counter, already feeling winded, just walking from his room to his kitchen. Although, in his defense, it’s a rather large apartment.
When you all get to Stark Tower, Tony begins rapid firing questions and orders to the ceiling, which you soon learn contains the AI you’d spoken to on the phone before. You take the chance to sit and breathe. You look down at your arm and unwrap the bandage. You grimace at the sight of it. You look like a sad version of the Frankenstein monster. You’re sure Steve did the best with what he had, and a great deal of your skin had been torn horribly.
Steve nods, placing Tony down gently on the ground, and pushing him on his uninjured side. Tony groans in pain heavily, and you grimace at the gush of blood that pushes out.
Every time he came back to the hospital, a preacher would speak to him. Have him go over prayer to make sure if he did die in the night, that his soul would be accepted into heaven where he would wait for his soulmate.
You flinch as you feel a different kind of power flow through your arm. It’s warm, not burning like before. It’s gentle as if you’ve been wrapped in a cocoon of blankets. Or the feeling of the sun on your skin in summer. It’s nice, comforting. The blood leaking out of your palm glows around the stones as it stains them. In response, the stones glow brighter as a result and you feel a wave of power wash over your body and mind. A pull in your heart making it beat faster, you blink and the world around you suddenly looks different. Lines of green dancing across the ground and in the air, translucent similar to smoke. It circles the air, the ground, and every object around.
“Yeah, he said that you have an open prescription, any pharmacy should have it stocked so long as you’re in America, just show your ID and you can get a refill.”
Phantom limb pains mixed with real pain from the metal arm clutching at the swollen skin of his shoulder. Some days the arm doesn’t work right. When he’s in that pain, he can barely lift the arm because it hurts so bad. He gets grouchy, and his glare has literally made children cry before. Kids in school used to call him that. “The metal armed freak.” Just liked they called Steve a freak too for his strength. Although they stopped saying it to their face once they both grew into their strengths and bodies.
All her life Gamora had to fight for her life. At first, it was starvation and theft. Her planet was crowded and starved. Her mother had stolen fruit that fateful morning. She remembered her mother waking her up, pound smile on her face, you would think stealing would give someone shame, but the joy of feeding your child seemed to overtake it. Gamora hadn’t taken the first bite when the screaming had begun. People pulled from their homes and lined up. Two groups told to pick a side or one would be chosen for them.
“How?” Tony asks despite himself. Despite wanting to be the voice of reason and maintain a level head, he can’t deny wishing. He wants to make good on his promise to Peter. That everything would be alright. He just wanted it all to be the way it was before.
“Yeah.” Bucky nodded confidently, pressing a hand to his chest and taking a deep breath. “I don’t the panic anymore.”
Bucky over to Stark Industries. His soulmate. They’d both learn who he is, Pepper would no doubt double back her instances he come back. Killian- he can’t even imagine what Killian would do when he heard the news.
“Yeah.” He nods. “I just wanted to see how it worked, and so on. But if something’s wrong I can totally check it out and see what I could do.”
Long story short, he’s been hard since he hugged Tony. Which is embarrassing, he’s not a teenager, hugs shouldn’t give him full boners that he can’t will away no matter how hard he tried, and he tried hard.
A vacation. She had told him. That Tony said he needed a vacation and he didn’t know when he’d be back. No one cared. Tony kept sending in designs from wherever and he’s an adult.
Steve pushes off the wall and walks into the room. “You don’t need to hide your arm from him Bucky. He’s your soulmate. If there is anyone in the world who wouldn’t be scared or freaked out by it, it’ll be him.”
tried dating. I’ve had to watch those relationships fall apart for a number of reasons. But why put myself through that when I knew you were out there?”
The glass in his window had broken and sprayed toward him giving stinging cuts to his face. The force of impact had sent them knocking forward. Howard's head hitting the steering wheel. Killing him almost instantly. The entire front of the car had been dented in. Bits and pieces of the engine had been sent flying into the car through the dash lodging them in Maria's neck and Tony's chest. He was impaled right down the middle by a large piece.
Bucky nods, wondering how hard it is to become an engineer because if it gets him an apartment this good, he will gladly do whatever it takes. But the question was more to get some information. He didn’t see a wedding band on Tony’s finger, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t in a relationship. When Tony didn’t respond he looked up to see that blank expression he’d had at the gym before. Just staring off into nothing.
Bucky raised his hand and knocked the door lightly. He was too nervous to knock harder, and Steve worried for a moment that Tony might not have been able to hear it, but sure enough, seconds later, the door pulled open and they were both met with a wide-eyed Tony.
It’s been a few months since Tony has touched or been touched by another person, which is why he assumes the tingling and sharp wave of cold on his hip is probably due to unfamiliar touch, but that doesn’t work the same for Bucky.
“Yeah.” Tony nods again, but his eyebrows furrowed as he looks down at them. “Actually- they’re kind of numb.” It’s a mute numbness, not quite pins and needles, they still feel like they’re attached to him, but there’s a slight disconnect, a faded feeling. It’s not normal.
“It’s not a can-do attitude Tony.” Steve sighs. He tries holding in his disappointment, this isn’t how he imagined meeting Tony again after all this time. But It’s understandable, this really isn’t the best of circumstances. “They’re alive.”
“Well… Ross and the rest of the bunch honestly weren’t comfortable not having an Avengers team on call to save the world and such, which is silly considering how hard they wanted to control or lock everyone up. So, once you were gone I had to regain control of the narrative. Get the public to trust powered people again, while I also began to contact some powered people and see if they wanted to join.”
He snaps his head to the side, tearing their lips from one another, and pushing at Bucky’s still bare chest just narrowly missing catching his chin with a balled hand.
“Scouts honor.” That’s all Bucky says before Tony finds himself face first pressed against a very muscled chest and the smell of pizza and coconut fills his nose. The pizza he knows where came from, the coconut is very much a mystery, but he doesn’t mind.
He makes two sandwiches sloppily because he's still half asleep, and he throws everything back in the fridge, and takes a huge bite. Grabbing a rag from the drawer and wets it then wipes the counter lightly before grabbing his plate and moving towards the workbench.
They’d met after having been hiding behind their glasses of wine and whiskey instead of socializing. They bonded over how much they were tired of big events despite their good causes. They’d spent over two hours talking before Pepper came over and told him he was being an asshole, and Stephen declared himself an asshole as well for solidarity. It had turned out to be a very fun evening. But Tony hadn’t seen or talked to him since.
Tony thinks to himself. Suddenly he’s regretting calling her. He hadn’t realized Killian would be calling Pepper. God, once a week for six months? A part of Tony had hoped that Killian would give up, lose interest, get tired of waiting around. But if he’s continuing to be this persistent Tony doesn’t see him giving up anytime soon.
He’s technically outranking most people in the gym. In fact, the only person who doesn’t have to answer to him, is Fury, which means of course, Fury is the only one Brock doesn’t act like a complete and total asshole towards.
“cause that worked so well the last time.” Rocket scoffs, sitting on the ground taking his gun apart and cleaning it.
“Not much.” He turns for the door before stopping. “Does Bucky know what happened? That you're here?”
“Stay still for me Tony, you must be tired.” Killian leaned forward and whispered in his ear. “I’ll make it good for you.” Tony pushed at Killian, he tried to back away, free himself from the pain and torture, but there was nowhere to go, Killian wouldn’t move an inch, he was too strong, and Tony too weak. His body wouldn’t listen to him.
“There’s a god of thunder?” You’re about to ask for more details but down the stairs, you can hear Wong say your name, and then footsteps heading in your direction. “They’re coming. Should I leave?”
“Tony?” Steve’s voice comes through the door. It’s small and apologetic. “Are you okay? Is your arm-- is it okay?”
You roll your eyes. “Shows what you know.” You reach into your pocket, and stop when you meet nothing but empty space. “What? Where the hell is my phone?”
He clears his throat and tries to sound casual when he speaks. “Are you sure you even want another soulmate?”
“Stark Tower. My tower. Steve and I were thinking that it might be safer to have civilians gather there, there’s plenty of food and water. Lots of room too.”
Rounding the corner, you see a group of shadows growing in size. The first person to come into view is actually the raccoon. It’s in full gear and walking on two legs. You’re about to laugh and launch into a litany of question about how and why, but then you hear them. Multiple voices, suddenly growing in volume in your head, calling out, yelling for someone named Rocket. You clutch your head as it becomes too much. It feels so much worse than it did that first time couched down on the sidewalk.
She stops walking now. He can tell by the sudden clearness of her voice and a less out-of-breath sound to it.
Bruce stops struggling and looks at her, eyes wide. “That’s it! You have to shoot me.” She gives him a look but he speaks again before she can. “No, you don’t understand. This whole last two years he’s been getting more conscious, louder in my head, he thinks for himself, it’s not all rage anymore. It’s why he’s scared. For the first time, he’s thinking before he’s acting, and he’s terrified. He’s no longer just a big green rage monster, he’s a person, and like any person, you need to push the right buttons to get them to do what they need to. So, make him mad, shoot me.”
“How long?” Tony crosses his arms. It doesn’t feel like him, to push like this, these aren’t his words, they aren’t his questions, voices that aren’t his own are making way out of his mouth. “Six months? Two years? Forever?”
Tony finds himself speechless for a moment. Shocked at the idea of never trying anything else. Never trying to find love instead of letting one mark on your skin determine who you stay with forever. To say it’s a waste of time hurts Tony inside. His mind thinking back to Pepper. He never felt like he was settling with her. Those feelings were real and intense. They still are sometimes. But he hasn’t been interested in dating. Not since Killian.
He said out of all outcomes there was only one where they won. It’s possible that Strange saw that they needed to lose in order to get to an eventual win.
“Yep, and my soulmate’s name is also Tony.” Steve adds on after a beat, and now Bucky looks confused. Steve holds his hands out, and he gasps.
“Bossy much?” You comment and continue walking. You see the corner store a few minutes later and go it. Phones exactly where he said they were. You reach for the one at the top and-
“Yeah, yeah, Pepper I know, things are crazy. I just need you to round up anyone you can and meet up at the tower. Friday is up and ready. She’ll do whatever you tell her.” He pauses for a moment and listens. “No, I probably won’t be here. Well, I gotta try and fix this- yeah, Steve’s here. No- no- they’re dead or whatever. I don’t know at this point. - Okay… be safe.” He hangs up and drops the phone on the table in front of you. “Fri you got everything charged up?”
Bucky steps closer hesitantly, holding his hand outstretched to him, and Tony carefully hovers over his palm with nimble fingers, before touching, almost as if he was worried that touching it might make it disappear.
Tony rolls his eyes at himself. Mercenaries? That’s a bit extreme. Even for Killian. Tony takes another breath, and slowly unlocks the door. Three clicks and they all feel like a mistake. Slowly he pulls it open. Just a crack, regretting not getting that chain lock. Then again, he never intended on opening the door for strangers. First thing first after this, he’s getting that chain lock.
“Okay. I’m not freaking out.” You take another breath. “I’m not freaking out.” You turn to the counter and realize there’s no clerk. “Oh god. Where’s the-?”
The things he said after they kissed, that horrible reaction. The doubts about their bonds, their relationship itself. To think they would ever regret meeting him.
That’s what Steve regretted the most. He didn’t like that they fought, no. But that happens sometimes. People disagree and there are arguments, no relationship, friendship or team is perfect. Not to mention it wasn’t just some team dispute, it was Bucky, being framed for terrorism, it was the accords trying to control all enhanced people everywhere. It was Zemo trying to pull the Avengers apart.
“Yeah.” You nod, they’d been in your head for the past two days. You’d like to put some names to the faces.
“Then you’ve got until he wakes up to figure something out Stevie. Don’t get so down about it. This was weird, strange and sudden. Wait ‘till we get some balance and real connection before you start freaking out on me.”
“You can’t just say that like it’s easy. You’d be waiting a long time, and it’s not guaranteed. You’ll always be waiting.”
“Can’t just what?” Bucky cuts him off, killing the line of excuses before they had a chance to fall out of Steve’s mouth. “Stop being a punk and just do it.” He tells him. “I’m going back to sleep.”
He’s going to have to mop the floor later because it’s slippery with oil. Otherwise he's done for now. He finishes the sandwiches and takes the plate back to the kitchen before he heads to the bathroom. He takes a long shower because it relaxes him and soothes his aches and sore muscles.
“Fine, it doesn’t matter where you are, just the fact that you aren’t here. When does this vacation end Tony? It’s been six months.” She feels the rumble of the elevator as it lifts. “I miss you.”
“No.” Tony shook his head. “I can’t sleep here. I need-” Jarvis, he needs Jarvis to lock all the doors, to make sure he’s alone, and watch over him while he sleeps. “I can’t sleep unless I’m home.”
“Yeah, just- something I’m going to have to deal with from now on. What’s wrong with him?” You point to Tony.
“Uh… no?” Tony gets that they don’t know him. They don’t know his last name and haven’t put together his ties with Stark Industries, but if they had then they’d understand just how ridiculous that question is. “I think it’s actually really cool. I’ve seen some designs and schematics of metal prosthetics, among other things, but never have I built or seen one built. It’s nice to see a working model. It seems to move smoothly. If you hadn’t told me I would never have guessed, and that’s a blessing prosthetic wise.”
Dr. Zola had said the jagged tears and exposed nerves made Bucky’s arm a perfect fit for connecting the wires to the nervous system, giving him full control over the metal arm they’d designed. Bucky still has it to this day.
It’s better than gore, and bloody bodies the city would have been forced to clean after this tragedy. It’s better than hearing the screams of pain. They simply floated away. Almost peacefully.
Steve laughed. “You’ve got a point there. But I’m going home to shower somewhere with decent water pressure, and where the floors aren’t so damn slippery.”
Tony nods, he stands from the stool, and begins to clean his desk, giving himself work. Distractions help. He needs something else to do and he can’t look at Bucky.
One of the many ways i'm nicer than the Russo brothers- and everyone at marvel who helped create our shared heartbreak.
“Sounds very through,” Steve says carefully, honestly, it sounds like someone’s seriously paranoid or worried something bad was going to happen. Last time Tony did that, there was Ultron.
You don’t point out the redness that builds, or how eyes start to sparkle with a small line of tears building.
“Well, you’re in luck. I believe those storm clouds aren’t natural.”  She points out the broken window, careful of the glass, and in the distance, they follow the direction of her finger and see it. Three or four storm clouds, flashing with lighting and thunder.
Steve smiles. Bucky doesn’t do nervous well. He’s sort of an all or nothing guy. He’s either angry or happy. He either knows what he’s doing or has no clue. Wanting to do something, but being afraid to do it isn’t something Bucky’s probably ever felt.
“There’s that can do spirit.” Tony stands, wincing slightly, favoring his side, using the counter to balance himself. Rejecting Steve’s silent offer to help. “We can’t fix this with willpower. We can’t fix it at all.”
“Six months.” Killian sighed to himself, looking at the calendar sat up on his desk. They haven’t been apart any duration longer than two months ever since Tony’s parents died. They had sessions once a week. Every Friday like clockwork. Tony only ever missed because of business trips and company parties he needed to attend.
That was the speech Stephen had made you give everyone. The only part of the plan everyone was supposed to know. Why they had to hold them down, they didn’t know, and neither did you until just now. This was your chance. While Thanos was down you had to grab the stones.
A hand comes up, just behind Tony’s head, pulling him in closer, and Bucky shifts, stubble scratching angst Tony’s face. The tingling in his spin starts to itch, and he can feel his shouders tense. He’s safe, this is nice, but with his eyes closed, and stubble scratching his skin, just for a moment behind closed eyelids, he see’s Killian.
“Well I signed the damn Accords so of course, I was on it!” Tony takes a deep breath. “For the first time ever, the government likes me more than they do you. How’s it feel to be the rebellious problematic one?”
Tony had tried to say that it would be okay. But it wasn’t. Peter’s gone. Everyone’s gone. They had failed. Stranges’ last words still echoing in his head as well.
There was a clearness in her mind and that’s when she realized what happened. She realized that she didn’t die for the Soul Stone, she died to become it. She had no physical form, even though she looked down at herself, and seemed to have the image of one. This was… nothing, something she used to hold onto what she once was. Now she was energy really, light, power, virtue, a soul, all held inside a single stone that now makes up her entire being.
“Yeah.” The man-Steve, nods. “He’s about an inch or two shorter than me. Black hair to his shoulders, grey-blue eyes, red soulmark on his hand. He said yours was down on your hip I think?”
There’s nothing really that he can do except try and make sure they get to know each other so they can be what the need to be with each other
He turns his head to look down the street. He’s never seen New York so empty. So much for the city that never sleeps.
The dream started to fade and mold into something else, Tony still struggled, fought to free himself from pain and death. Fought to free himself from Killian. He felt his fist hit flesh and he went for as much damage as he could, digging his fingers in. If he hurt Killian enough it’d buy him more time to get away.
Tony yawns and his eyes fill with tears from the force of it. “Can you stay with me? Make sure no-one touches me.”
“Define try. It’s hard to open yourself up for a relationship when you know it can only be temporary. Either they will find their soulmate and leave, or you’ll realize you aren’t perfect for each other. That you’re settling.”
He looks over at the workbench and see’s the foam still piled up. He’s not looking forward to clearing that mess. “Hey Dum-E, you wanna get started cleaning that mess up?” He points to the desk and Dum-E chirps happily, rolling his wheels moving towards the table picking up a random oil spotted rag and randomly wiping at the mess with jagged movements. Tony smiles and lays flat out, starfished almost. No way Dum-E is going to get the entire mess up, but he could make it less work for him later. Then again Dum-E might also make it more of a mess somehow. Tony’s too tired to care.
Thanos sat perched on a dusty hill, looking down at Titan. Using the reality stone to overlay it with an image of all it once was. He’d finally done it. Finally saved the world like he’d failed to save his. They’d hate him for a while. Everyone who’d lost their loved ones. They’d cry, mourn, even swear vengeance. In time they’ll see how right he was.
“When I was a kid, I was sick all the time. Everyone thought I was going to die, and I remember being so sad I'd never meet my soulmate. My pastor told me I'd meet you in heaven.” The words still scare him, the idea that he'll never get what he wants in this life, the things so many others get to experience. “Then I got better, stronger. Too strong, and all over I had another reason I'd never meet you. In one way or another, I've been running. Hoping, but terrified.” He holds his hand out, and Tony sets his smaller cold palm in the grasp. “I'm so sorry about your wrist, and I have no way to promise nothing like this will happen again, but if you decide to keep me around, I would gladly be here to catch up when you're ready to stop running.”
He’s not panicking, miraculously. It’s just, suddenly it feels like he’s got a lot of attention on him.
Tony sits up slowly yawning and stretching his limbs. His stomach cramps and then rumbles loudly. “Sure thing.” He stands, making his way to the kitchen and looking through the fridge for his options.  Eventually he settles on a sandwich. He haphazardly throws the ingredients on the counter behind him.
“You couldn't stop Tony from attacking you? He's like two pounds Steve, and you're basically superhuman.”
“You could say I lost the motivation. Stopped caring about my image and looks. I guess that happens when you work in the shadows.”
His teeth chatter together as he shivers violently, gasping as he’s going as fast as he can. Until he takes a step and the ground never meets his foot.
“And leave you to wander in a time of crisis. Seems irresponsible.” Steve smiles, and Tony rolls his eyes. “I could carry you if you’re tired.”
The clock ticked far on the wall, and Killian glared at it. Wondering what the point was to have a clock that ticks when there are plenty of digital ones about. Even in this very room. It was unnecessary, and he would have to get someone to take it down.
Something in her tone just told him they are back to that dance again. It’s a slow dance they’ve been doing on and off since back when she was nothing more than his new personal assistant. The dance of caring and not caring about each other. However, that's not really it. They both always care about each other one way or another. But they hide it, or something comes up. It’s not the right time. They aren’t emotionally stable. The job must come first. It’s always something. One always shows feelings when the other starts closing them off. It’s a hard dance. Remembering the steps is tiring. No matter the excuses, there was always one hard reason why they never got together.
“I see you’ve got the fire and everything cleaned up,” Steve says, finally bringing himself to relive some of the tension in the air. Tony looks over to the workstation, thinking back to the way it looked when Steve last saw it.
Tony inhales sharply, looking to the ground. Trying to think of an answer, because he’s at a loss for words. Although Steve’s gaze jerks up.
He says it as if it’s simple math, as if it’s easy. He’s not giving up, Tony can see it, the unwavering nerve. He’ll go toe to toe with Tony, and he’ll mean every word. This is the same man, who every instance he could have touched Tony, he asked first. He cared, about timing, about permission. He respects boundaries.
“Oh god, it’s been so long.” He groans, stretching out, back cracking. His whole body feels stiff and sore. But that’s nothing new. He’s always got aches and pains. His skin is pale and weak from lack of sunlight, he rarely ever leaves his apartment, and when he does, it’s always at night.
Tony wakes up about three hours later. He’s feeling groggy, and there’s a feeling of cotton in his mouth. Something he’s only ever gotten from being drugged. So he makes an educated guess there. He moves to sit up, hissing lowly, at the pain in his side. He gently moves now, more aware of it, and throws a blanket off his torso. His chest bare, and he has a clear view of bruising and stitches along the lower side of his abdomen.
“Tony If we are going to fix this we need to be able to work together,” Steve says once you’re out of earshot.
“It was me. You had gone to the bathroom, and Bucky and I were arguing. Sometimes, when I lose control, I break things. I- it’s a long story, but I have this strength, it’s not natural.” He sits on the floor in front of the couch. Facing Tony. “There was this girl I dated once. I took her out, walked her home, and right as we were about to kiss, I did the same thing to you that I did with her. If I don’t focus, then, I can be destructive.”
“No, it’s-” Tony shakes his head and quickly darts into the kitchen he’d cleaned out some of the beakers and flasks earlier and left them on the dry rack. He fills two of the largest ones with water and walks back over. “Here.”
Tempers were high, and Steve’s only thought was protecting Bucky. So much so that his team split in half.
“So, what?” Bucky shrugs. “You can crush a phone like a coke can or punch a bag off a wall. You hear and smell things that I can’t, that no one we know can. You eat like you’ve only ever known hunger. What’s so bad about that? You are learning to control it. You are, and even if you don’t- you’ve never hurt me, I’ve lived with you ten years, and you’ve never hurt me. So, what the shower shakes, and the microwave has a dent in the pizza button. Those are just things, they don’t matter.”
Steve responded by carefully sliding a hand under Tony’s legs and one around his back and lifted him with an ease that startled Tony. He knew he lost a lot of weight and he wasn’t all the heavy, to begin with, but knowing and experiencing are two different things. It was also dizzying, not having his balance or his wits fully about him. He held Steve tightly fearful of losing his balance despite the clear show of strength and control on Steve’s part.
Tony nods, then drinks the entire cup in a few gulps, and breaths heavily. “God that’s almost better than coffee.”
All of the clues to how this ends is starting to get drizzled in. I wonder if some of you are going to be able to guess it before it happens.
You take that as your cue to leave, feeling some unfinished business and tension. You silently stand and hope you seem casual, but they don’t stop you and that’s good enough as you walk out the kitchen through the dining room and down the hall.
Thanos, he’s been called the most powerful beings in the world, spending years dedicated to studying the stones, he’s not even touching them, he’s got them on a gauntlet to harness their power. You should be dead, not- not whatever this is, and Thanos looks perplexed by the development too.
“He was here thirty seconds ago.” Tony waves his hands confused. The couch cushions are lifted from the couch, and the closet door is wide open. “He asked for another cookie, I came back and he was gone.”
Steve takes a deep breath looking conflicted as he stops just in front of Bucky. “I’m not sure anything would qualify as wrong, per say. I just feel conflicted.”
“I don't do boredom very well.” Tony shrugged. “You know, if you told me, that it was you who broke the counter, I wouldn't have been mad. Confused, yeah, excited, probably.”
“What in the world happened?” he asks, looking up to Steve and Bucky. The two are wide-eyed and standing freakishly still.. They give each other a look, but don’t move otherwise. “Are you breathing?” He asks eventually because he doesn’t want them to pass out.
He sways on his feet once he stands and he notices the edges of his vision have started to blurr. It doesn’t matter, he doesn’t need to see. He knows how to get where he wants to go, without sight. In fact, he’d prefer not to see everything around him. Prefer not to pass the spot in the hall where he dreamt Killian had him all over again. Prefer not to see the damage he’s done to Steve, and the way blood drips from his face and he lifts a hand to wipe it away, despite his eyes never leaving Tony. The creases in his brow from fear and concern never smoothing.
“Can I hug you?” He asks, looking like he’s physically stopping himself from just doing it, and Tony is more than thankful for that. Today had gone differently than he expected. He’d originally planned to try and tell them he hadn’t wanted soulmates. But then they came, with flowers, the only flowers in the world that could mean something to him, and he just couldn’t bring himself to say it. No matter how the voices tormented, no matter how much he doubted, no matter how broken or messed up he thinks he is and how better off they’d be without him. He couldn’t form the words in his mouth and say them, and now he’s starting to forget why he’d ever want to get rid of them.
You smile up at the woman. “Was your son lost in the stone with everyone?” You ask, smiling at him as he looks you in the eyes and responds with a toothless giggle.
He accounts it to his long stretch without human contact. It’s left him weakened, and touch starved, and to have someone in front of him offering it up on a silver platter, it’s so hard to find the temptation to decline.
“Thank you, Bruce.” He hung up the phone and turned back to Tony. “He’s calling. We just have to wait a bit.
“How do we even get to Thanos?” Okoye asks. “We don’t know where he is, how to track him, and I think it’s clear we have no advantage in this, even if you give one of your speeches. We are down in numbers, and numbers weren’t enough to stop him. It won’t be enough now.”
“No.” Steve shook his head. “He said something about a guy. Killian? That he's looking for him. I don't know much beyond that besides he's scared. Why, do you know something?”
You’re eyes catch the state of your arm and you bite your lip to quiet any noises you might make. As you press the torn flesh. There’s a spiral of large jagged cuts that loop the length of your entire right arm, starting at your palm and looping around to your shoulder. Your shirt sleeve is hanging loosely by a few threads but is torn horribly too.
“Yeah.” Tony agreed. Those are quite rare, more now than ever. But his smile faded as it dawned on him. Stephen knew who he was, Stephen could tell someone he was here, it could still get back to Killian if it doesn’t go into the system. It must have been clear on his face because Stephen seemed to understand.
“Okay.” Steve steps up. “Thanos has all the stones, and he’s- he’s done it. Wiped out half the universe. Which means… he might not be expecting us. He thinks we’re down, too depressed to fight. So we can… find him and get the stones, and set this right.”
He’s standing in front of the door bouncing on the heels of his feet lightly waiting. Feeling the nerves build. “S-should I cook?” Suddenly bursts out his mouth, a million thoughts and that one broke free. He looks up to the ceiling as he asks. “I need to offer food, right? That's what people do.”
You clutch the stones in your hand, and the form together once again, a single sphere, and you tiptoe to the door, pulling it open barely an inch. You see Peter smiling up at Tony’s who’s mid-laugh. Just behind him Bucky and Steve stand, talking to Natasha and Bruce. Thor’s standing over by the vending machine, talking to the Peter from space with Drax, Gamora, Rocket, Mantis, Loki, and the Valkyrie. You know that T’Challa left soon after he met with you, not wanting to be away from his home or sister for longer than necessary. Stephen’s probably still in the hospital, just out of sight somewhere. You smile, stepping back, closing the door silently. It was worth it. That mental image of everyone together happy and alive, that would fuel you for the rest of eternity. Remembering everyone turning to dust would motivate you to never regret this. To know and have seen what comes of the Infinity Stones misuse.
Tony only flinches at the sudden figure standing in front of him. Once he looks up and realizes it’s the guy at the counter, he breathes, relieved. “Uh, yeah, I’m good.” He nods quickly, looking down to the ground.
Tony closes his eyes, dropping his head into his hands and breathes, he needs to make himself feel okay, or at the very least pretend so well that Bucky will stop feeling his inner panic.
“Bruce!” Steve snaps, standing up, pulling his phone out of his pocket, Tony nearly flinches with all the movement.
“Other ways?” Steve stood, no longer feeling small, his face heated with anger, and his hands balled into fists at his sides. “Why are you attacking me over this? You of all people should know how hard this is for me!”
How to ask though is the question. Could he just text Bucky and ask him? Would that be rude? It feels rude. Tony’s not sure about boundaries really, aside from the obvious things, and his own of course. The only problem is Tony’s boundaries all fall away when he’s intrigued or excited about something, especially something like this.
Steve once told Bucky it started with a butterfly. One just outside his window while he had been so sick he couldn’t get out of bed to even press his face against the glass and watch it flutter in the wind. Steve was sad when it’d flown out of view and instead decided he’d find some way to keep those things with him forever.
“Great. But first, there’s someone special here who’s been by your side these last two days.” He steps out of the room, and comes back a few seconds later, following behind him is a woman carrying a baby.
“Yeah.” Just as Tony snaps the last sensor in place Bucky lifts his arm so the metal fingers brush over his cheek. “Your face is warm.”
“That’s the conflicting part… there was this fire in his apartment- one that got put out almost right away so don’t worry.” Steve quickly adds when Bucky looks concerned. “But I pushed him out of the way which is why I touched him in the first place. Although sitting there on the floor with him… he looked so tired.”
“Attaboy.” Bucky claps, standing up. “I’m just going to man the desk since you’re leaving. Don’t eat my pie. I know exactly how much is left, and if you so much as eat a crumb I’m taking it out of your ass.”
“You just need to have faith.” Steve comments, Adam on his back, and making sure to hold Tony up ever since he started limping and clutching his side in pain.
The sky rumbles with thunder and lightning. A growing storm collecting right above their heads. A physical sign of all the emotions building up inside of Thor. He’s trying to be angry. At himself, at Thanos, at the Valkyrie, but mostly at Loki.
“O-oh god.” Tony’s throat sore, and voice hoarse from strained vocal cords, he must have been screaming. “I- 'm so sor- gah!” He’s cut off pain shoots up his arm, as he moves his hand foolishly already forgotten about his wrist.
He turns to them and suddenly it felt like his living room was too small. Not enough options for seating as his two soulmates stood there, once again waiting for him to take the lead.
“It’s an arm.” Tony chuckles. “Metal yes, but just an arm, and as you can see, I work with metal all the time. It’s not going to scare me. It might, however, anger my contractors when I tell them I need new counters so soon.”
Bucky and Steve share an amused look behind his back. Not needing words to communicate their shared thoughts of how Tony’s kind of adorable.
Tony’s originally thought had been Dum-E moved from his corner and broke something again, in a decision to play with the guests as he sometimes likes to do. But no, he’s back in his corner. If Tony’s eyes aren’t playing tricks with him, it looks like a hand-print almost.
He hates the way Steve’s looking at him. He hates that it’s not anger, and he hates that some part of him is relieved it isn’t. He hates how he can’t decide what he wants, other than the fact that he knows he needs to be out of this room, he needs to be alone, he needs to breathe.
“All I see is red Buck.” He squints, and as he leans back he realizes what he’s looking at. “Oh my god! Your soulmark! It’s red!”
Gamora accepted her fate for many years, but one thing she always knew, this wasn’t how her life was supposed to be. But then again, things rarely end up how you want them too.
“Do you-” Bucky begins after most of the tools have been set aside, shirt slid back on in silence. “Do you not like touching?” He’s met people, who aren’t interested in sex at all. He couldn’t remember what they called it, but he knows it exists.
They’re close like this, close enough that Steve’s breath ghosts the shell of Tony’s ear, and Tony can smell him. A little closer and they could be cuddling. Tony’s too tired and too in pain to find himself panicking about it. Not like he did with Bucky. Although it might not be the lack of sleep getting him to the bitter calm it’s most likely the whiskey. He had some scotch, but that was more his fathers drink and he couldn’t take any more reminders of his parent’s tonight so he stuck with the whiskey.
“Sir you have been asleep for two hours and twenty minutes. You haven't eaten in nineteen hours. I suggest eating and getting more rest.”
“I think dehydration is a more pressing concern.” Tony murmurs with a cough punctuating his sentence and scratching his dry throat.
It took several hours to get to Titan and once you did, you were sure everyone knew exactly what they were supposed to do and would execute it to the best of their ability. Your own orders, however, had been… very vague. That was purposeful you’re sure of it. Maybe Stephen had just decided to tell you as you went since he’s always in your head and not in the others. But you also knew what you needed to do was harder than what the others had to.
“I do! But come on, You know your limits, you should have known that could happen. Going in there, grabbing him, you knew better, you know yourself.” Bucky pointed with his metal fist. “I thought you would have learned by now.”
“Yeah maybe.” Bucky nods. Thinking about how the man never actually looked Bucky in the eyes. It was while he was pacing he figured that out. He was trying to remember every detail about his soulmate down to the color of his eyes, but that’s when he realized he didn’t know, because Tony had always looked down. At first, he looked to his pockets, then he looked at the weights. Even after they’d touched, Tony looked to his hand, and his own soulmark and ran off. “Maybe he’s shy.”
Pepper nods as Killian speaks. “I will tell him, okay? Next time he takes my call, I will tell him.”
“I uh- I don’t have any more of my pills.” He sighs, rubbing a hand over his face, he tries to calm himself. Mentally repeating that he’s safe and alone.
He’s only been in there about ten minutes before his mind starts to stray. He doesn’t even realize it’s happening. One moment he’s counting which hit he’s on, and the next, he’s wondering if he remembered to send in the light bill. He had it in his hand when he went to make breakfast, but he doesn’t actually remember putting it in the mailbox.
He doesn’t need that, he has Jarvis. Always knowing what to do, what to say. Sometimes Tony forgets that he’s not the real Jarvis, who used to take care of him when his parents were away and would tuck him into bed, and make him hot chocolate in the middle of the night.
Bucky’s metal arm slides down his hip, ignorant to the panic growing within Tony, pulling each other closer, and Tony feels the beginnings of an erection pressing against his thigh. It’s too much. Too far.
Stephen sighs. “I got this job, because I like money, and successful surgeries. Fixing broken people satisfies me. It keeps me busy, and I’m never bored. I did not get into this job for fame or status. I’m the type of guy who sits at the bar hiding from people during charity events. That’s not the same guy who runs around telling other people’s business.” He stands. “You’ve got a lot going on Tony, you need help. If you don’t want to get it from the people you know, that’s your decision. I’ll be here to help you instead if you want. For now I’m going to go see how soon we can get those scans.”
Ten wonderful years Killian had spent getting to know Tony, breaking down those walls, getting into his mind, earning his trust. The connection was real, it still is. Ten years of glorious progress, and it’s all gone just because Killian moved too quickly. He got impatient.
Picking himself off the ground he runs for the car. His path is soon blocked by a blur and painful force directly to his chest. He yells out as the burning pain and sting sets in.
It’s too soon. That doesn’t change. There was no chance to say goodbye. Everyone was simply there one second and gone the next. You’re not quite sure how to handle the loss. It’s shock, you’re sure that the numbness you feel keeping you from crying or fully experiencing the grief is shock.
Bucky was his only friend. They’d met in the hospital. Bucky had been brought in with a huge commotion, doctors barking orders at nurses for drugs and blood, which didn’t surprise him, considering the amount of blood that had covered everyone surrounding him. Bucky told him the story of what happened later on. He’d been playing on the train tracks with his sister when his foot got caught pushing her off the tracks once they saw the train approaching.
Bucky continues reading it over his shoulder. “While the cause for these double-bonds is unknown, they seem to function the same way all soul-bonds do. When one mate dies their bond and bondmark fade. When touched, the bondmark reveals its color. Double bonded- have separate soul-bonds, separate marks, and separate colors.”
Tony’s just caressing it as if it’s something precious. Tony gently turns his hand over to look at the palm and run his fingers on the edges of the panels, watching as Bucky flexes his fingers and moves accidentally.
“They’re not dead.” Steve corrects immediately. “I haven’t exactly done a count but for the moment. T’Challa, Sam, Bucky, a tree thing named Groot, Wanda, and Vision… Vision was before Thanos snapped his fingers… so, that might be permanent.”
“You picked it.” Bucky adds on before Tony can say no. He did come up with this as if he had it all planned out, he should have thought about this before picking something at random.
The real panic was the next day. Because not only was Bucky freaking out trying to find something to wear all over again, Steve was too.
“Hey.” Steve says as Bucky walks over sitting on the couch next to him. The smell of sweat and musk hit Steve’s nose hard and he grimaces slightly, trying to ignore the scent. Bucky drops his head back momently on the couch.
But when it comes to settling down with someone you know. Or even just trusting yourself around others it’s hard. Steve literally breaks almost everything he touches and Bucky… he gets the pains.
You’re about to suggest going over to make sure he’s okay, but Steve’s already moving, almost breaking into a full sprint the moment he steps out of the doorway. You sigh at his speeds, knowing full well you won’t be able to catch up.
You’re not sure how great that creature is at hearing, but you’re not risking it by speaking anymore. You put a finger to your lips signaling the kid not to speak and he nods.
“Hey, Buck.” He says when he enters the room. He sniffs hard once and regrets it as the smell of sweat and other not very nice things fill his nose. Another side effect, his smell is a lot stronger. All of his senses are.
Willing your fingers to unclench feels like the hardest thing you’ve ever done. The Time Stone drops from your palm and immediately you feel relief. You don’t even have a moment to recover before Stephen's voice comes back.
“How do I say it?” Tony’s shoulders lifted tightly. “How does one just let loose on that information. I’ve never had to explain who I was to anyone, and now that I don’t want anyone to know, I finally meet someone who apparently needs to.”
“Y/N!” Steve yelled, punching at it uselessly. Why you weren’t moving he didn’t know. Almost as if time had stopped within it. They all gathered around it.
He looks up at himself in the mirror. He doesn’t do that anymore. Look at his reflection. It’s partly because he doesn’t want to see what he’s become. What he’s lost. He’s pale, and the bags under his eyes are dark. Just looking at his face you can tell he’s lost a lot of weight. He hates it.
Bucky and his questions. His little applications for permission to touch and to keep touching, something about his voice and the way his lips form words makes Tony’s skin want to light up with the heat of a blush. Which is so strange because he never used to be the type to blush.
A purple frayed wire hanging loose and exposed, tangled with the others. He had to begin moving the others out of the way to see where it was supposed to connect to. Once locating the other half, he grabbed his tweezers, working quickly to strip the wire, cutting the frayed end, and wrapping them back together and using electrical tape to cover it.
Tired was just the easiest way to explain it. Tony looked downright weary, and small. The clothes on him were obviously two sizes too big, and the dark circles under Tony’s eyes were deep and large. He looked worn out completely.
“He’s going to see it eventually Buck. Do you plan to never take the glove off? Or your shirt? Never let him touch you? Hiding it will only delay whatever reaction he’s going to have.”
“It’s not as bad as it sounds. I could probably follow a few more safety rules but where’s the fun in that?”
“No.” Tony shakes his head. “It shouldn’t at all. These panels up here should have no sensory receptors in the parts that detach, if you do feel something then that may be what’s wrong actually, but I doubt that.”
“She said we’ll know what to do when we see him.” Bruce murmurs. Looking at them all for a moment before stepping back, he needs to see the whole picture. Maybe it was more literal. They all stood in front of Valkyrie’s crashed ship. Something must have happened during the landing, or before that, he doesn’t care, but that’s it. “How many people can your ship hold?”
Steve shrugs. “I don’t know. That my best friend in the world is a huge punk and is too nervous to come over and talk to his own soulmate so he sent me.” Steve smiles. “Then I’ll probably tell him how you hog the pie when your sister makes us some. I’ll also mention that when you find a new movie you like you to watch it over and over again until you’re either sick of it, or you know it by heart.” Bucky laughs at that because it’s true. “Maybe I’ll tell him how you like to think you can cook, but if I wasn’t a science experiment as I child, I probably would have died of salmonella poisoning years ago.”
The way he almost rejected the two at first, flinching and pulling away. Literally running, you’d think he hated the idea of a soulmate. The only time Steve had seen that kind of hesitance was once, when a woman was married to someone she wasn’t bonded to, and then met her soulmate. She would come to the gym at night and cry. Bucky and Steve would talk to her about how the divorce was going, and how she couldn’t help but feel a little guilty for ever getting married in the first place.
“Strong pulse.” He looks over you. “No obvious injuri-” He cuts himself off, looking up at your ears. “Got some bleeding in the ears.” He lifts your nose taking a look. “Here too.”
“Uh rent.” Tony nods, biting into his pizza purposefully. “It’s crazy.” He says around the bite. Rent isn’t something Tony’s ever done. Stark's don’t rent, they don’t borrow. They own, and they sell. That’s it. Tony bought the apartment, all four apartments. Onetime payment and all he pays now are bills.
Dust clouded the skies, casting pockets of shadows. Everywhere you looked you saw traces of it, people, memories, hopes, dreams. They all crumbled and flew as if they were nothing. One of the worst parts was the lack of anything to hold onto. They just faded. You watched your mother crumble right before your eyes, and your baby brother in your hands crumbled dropping between your fingers. Maybe it’s better you think morbidly.
Steve tilts his palms up so Tony can see, and instead of pitch black matching soulmarks on Steve’s hands, is a royal blue, and Tony realizes he’s ignored the feeling of cold once again.
Thanos yells in rage and you feel the strength of moment as he jerks in their combined holds.  It's only a matter of time so you grab at the green stone with your left hand. Ignoring what Stephen told you otherwise you might not get it.
Steve sighs, heading up the stairs to the bedroom where’d you both left Tony to rest not hours ago. Now you’re in his place, almost same problem. Blood loss. The creature had managed to cut ulnar artery in three different places. Causing you to bleed out quickly.
Tony looks down at his phone unable to find words to type. Does he agree, go to the gym and what? Talk? Pretend to be physically fit enough to exercise and not risk hurting his weak body?
“You have a good memory.” Tony pointed out. “I can barely remember my own name sometimes, how you managed to after two years and one conversation is beyond me.”
When his heart steadies, he goes over to the corner and grabs the broom. At this point, he’s not even surprised anymore.
He was in excruciating pain for days after getting the serum. His mother cried every day, sure it might be his last. But one day, he woke up, the pain was gone, and for the first time in forever, he felt healthy.
“That was quick,” Shuri says from the back room, walking around the corner. She’s got a holographic map hovering just above her hands, and she’s changed her clothes. “I see Steve stayed behind. Is this good or bad news?”
“Fix this?” Tony chuckles humorlessly. “Fix what? The world or our friendship. Honestly, I don’t think there’s anything that fixes either options. We’re kind of fucked.”
You hesitate. This is what you came here for. This is why Stephen saw you here in the future with everyone. A human, with an uneventful life.
He couldn’t have been recognized. He barely leaves, only for shopping, only at night, and he keeps his head down.
“Okay. I’ll be here if you change your mind.” He picks up a spray bottle from the ground and begins wiping down some of the equipment around the room.
“I did.” He nods, followed with a nervous lick of his lips. “I just wanted to make sure you two knew.”
Eventually, your mom has to step out of the room and change your brother. Tony goes with her probably to keep giving her reassurances since she won't stop crying.
“Yeah, my soulmate, Tony. It’s his wrist, I think it’s broken.” Steve sighs. “He doesn’t want anyone to know he’s here. Apparently, there’s a guy looking for him, we want no trace, just like Natasha, but this time we’ll pay for everything.”
“Thanks, J.” He sighs, already feeling more relaxed with that taken care of. He looks at the watch on his wrist checking the time. Steve hadn’t said exactly when they’d be here, but he can just feel it, any minute now.
“You are truly a bastard, Brother.” He says, the anger in his voice fails, and it all comes out in whispers. Then he’s dropping the ax and pulling Loki into a bone-crushing hug. Mostly serving to prove that this isn’t an illusion or figment of imagination. He doesn’t loosen his grip, not even when Loki grunts in pain. In Thor’s eyes it serves him right, pretending to die yet another time.
There’s one hit, and he hears the chain snap, and the gust of air at the bag breaks open simultaneously. It flies a few feet before it lands, sliding across the floor, spilling sand all out onto the floor. He sighs, standing straight. He takes a moment to breathe; breathing is always important. Moving too quickly will only make it happen again.
