“Pep, you can’t tell anyone.”
The following Thursday Tony took the usual order and confirmed he’d deliver it. Before he hung up on Dugan, he quickly added: “I’ll need help this week. Is it okay if someone accompanies me?” It felt only right to ask permission. “She’s helping out at the store every now and then.”
“Something borrowed. A record to dance to at your wedding.” He handed it to her. “It’s the song Steve and I danced to for the first time. It has become our song and it always reminds me of how much I love him.”
His fingers found the keys without having to search and though he was a little staccato to start, he slowly found his rhythm, shut his eyes, and played. He was so focused he never heard the door to the study open.
Dugan drove her the twenty minutes across Brooklyn and they chatted a little here and there. She asked him about the girl he’d been seeing and he gave her the full summary of their relationship so far, grinning like a goof as he spoke about her and it made Sarah glad to see one of the boys in her life happy and in love.
“We did Hanukkah but after my family passed, I didn’t feel much like celebrating. The Rogerses would invite me for Christmas dinner but I just felt strange. Eventually it became
James laughed and then sighed dramatically as he rested his head against Clint’s chest and Clint wrapped his arms around him instead.
As they walked, going in and out of places, getting much the same reaction, Steve’s mind was elsewhere. On the Stark son. What was his name? Edward?
“No, not at all. I just... didn’t...
Twenty minutes later, James was pacing back and forth in his office. Natalia was on the couch now with Dmitri beside her. Maria was safe at work and hadn’t noticed anything out of the ordinary. James wanted Natalia there with him just in case Clint wasn’t the only one they were going to go after.
Clint stood and immediately threw himself at James who wrapped Clint up securely in his arms, one hand stroking the back of Clint’s hair. Clint buried his face into the space between James’ neck and shoulder, his breath hot and jagged. James knew Clint wasn’t going to be able to answer him right away, so he turned his attention to Phil.
Clint’s injury barely registered anymore, though. Ever since James had hinted at the idea of them going away on vacation, of them going to that lovely little house in France, for once in his life, Clint had a one-track mind.
“How’s that work? I thought fraternizing and such was frowned upon?”
“What about my favorite person? Does he miss me?” Steve asked, grinning. “Cause I know I miss him and I can’t wait to see him.”
Steve wanted to take Tony to Northern Ireland. Spend some time there in the countryside, live the simple life for a while. Keep him out of harm’s way and be in a place where Steve could see a threat coming from miles in any direction.
They were both so thin and tired-looking and it broke Steve and James’ hearts. Steve swallowed back a wave of emotion at how light Tony felt in his arms. He should have never felt like this in Steve’s arms again.
Steve lifted Tony’s hand to his lips and pressed a kiss to it. “Of course.”
“Sir, I didn’t think you’d be coming here,” Tony said, trying to control his Italian accent. Whenever Howard wasn’t there he focused less on his speech. Plus, Mr Rogers’ perfect look did nothing to help him focus.
. He had to get up and be anywhere but right where he was. He felt like he needed to run but thankfully this time he remembered his broken leg and was much gentler about getting out of bed.
He watched Steve drift off, still holding his hand as he did.
“You came home just now?” Tony asked looking for his watch but unable to find it. Then the rest of Steve’s words registered. “If you’re still worrying about the boxing, it’s fine,” he said, not sure why else Steve would check on him while he was sleeping. “I’m not entirely helpless, you know that, eh?”
After dessert, Steve arranged for Pepper to be driven back to her home. One determined glance from him was enough for her to not even try to talk him out of it.
“That’s different. I wasn’t aware of it back then,” he mumbled, his arms wrapped around himself. He could feel his bones sticking out. “Can you… turn off the lights? I’ll shower and be right outside with you.” He stared down to the floor, hoping that Steve wouldn’t try to fight him on something for once.
“It’s nice. Not
“Well?”
Tony hummed in confirmation and finally sat up straight so he could eat some of his dinner. Benni started to warm up to Clint after he complimented the soup and they began a simple conversation.
to. What the hell are you doing up anyway?” James' expression darkened and he shrugged. “Ah. Nightmares.”
Clint shuddered again, curling up even further in James’ arms and then as all the memories crashed and broke over him like a wave—the war, the silence, Bakuto—he finally broke too.
Tired and frustrated, Tony was especially vulnerable to his flashbacks. In combination with those awful memories haunting him from times when he failed to go in between Howard and Benni sooner, Tony was an absolute mess. Whenever he closed his eyes he saw Howard's surprised expression when Tony shot him. But he also smelled the gunpowder, felt the recoil, saw the blood and … other bodily materials spattered behind Howard. He had hoped for more relief after killing him. Would that ever be the case? How he wished he could wake Steve to ask him that question. To talk about it all. How did he manage to deal with it?
Once dry and in fresh pajamas they curled up in their large bed, Tony in Steve’s arms pressing light kisses on his neck and collarbones. Steve’s strong arms around him felt possessive, like he would never let go ever again. Something about that scared Tony because it could only mean that Steve was in danger.
Moments after Tony had seen and left, unbeknownst to the both of them, Steve pulled away, finally getting his thoughts together. James moved forward to keep kissing him but Steve pulled away entirely.
He took them and closed his eyes, tucking his face into James’ chest and away from the world, feeling safe there. James kissed his hair and held him tight.
“So, not sleeping?” Clint asked, eyeing James pointedly.
Not seeing Steve on a daily basis was probably the weirdest thing now in his new life for Tony. Especially since their talk about the things Steve knew and understood. James was nowhere to be seen either and Sarah had more than enough on her own plate. So Tony did what he could do best: Focus on Benni and shove his own feelings aside to deal with any other time that wasn’t right then. Benni was very sad that he didn’t get to spend time with Steve even though Sarah and Tony tried to make up for it.
“I know,” Steve said, covering Tony’s hand with his own and then bringing it to his lips to kiss the knuckles. “But I love you more.”
The process was incredibly quick to get through after all. According to Sarah, it had become a common thing lately with so many parents having lost their children in the war. The people from the agency came to inspect the property, meet Sarah and Steve—somehow, Steve wasn’t sure how, they hadn’t recognized him—and ask about the kind of people who frequent the property. It amused Steve to no end that one of the questions they were supposed to ask—if they could afford to adopt—didn’t even come up the moment they’d stepped inside the property.
Steve exhaled sharply. Steve wasn’t sure he would’ve been able to share that with a straight face the way James did.
That evening when Steve finally got home after meeting face-to-face with the traitors to let them know this was not an act of Russian aggression but rather the consequences of their own actions, he was exhausted.
“I am. Steve would know. And he would’ve asked and he’s positive himself that it is what it is.” James nodded, his arms crossed, looking out the window.
“Hello,” he said with a friendly expression, too tired to actually smile. “Just wanted to check in and see how you were doing.” He stood next to Dugan’s bed and looked at the bandaged arm. “You broke the same arm as me. Were you jealous of my amazing cast?” He joked lightly.
It must have been another two weeks, if not more. It was gradually getting colder and the wind was getting harsher. Was it December already? Who knew.
“Yes, please,” James said. “Over drinks preferably.”
somewhere?” Clint asked.
He went back to the living room where he found Sarah sipping her tea, Benni drawing, and Steve filling a glass with scotch. Sometimes when they kissed after an evening like this, Tony could taste the scotch in Steve’s kisses and he’d slowly gotten used to it. He sat down next to Steve, a hand resting on his thigh.
“Here,” Dugan said, handing Steve five letters he and Dmitri had found. Dmitri came around the other side, handed James a folder.
“So, maybe this is a sapphic thing I’m ignorant about but why do you just
will be fine.”
“Are you sure?”
Steve turned to Tony, reaching out for his gun and sliding it into the holster he wore. He put a hand on his shoulder and leaned down to ask, “Would you mind riding home with Dugan? I’ve just got some business to attend to with James.”
Tony moved away to make space for them, unsure if Steve even wanted him there or not. Somehow the whole scene didn’t bother him but that was a thought for another time.
,” Sam said, the last to wake up.
“It’s really important and I know that only you can do it.” Benni’s eyes widened but he awaited his assignment as patiently as he could. “I need you to take care of your
The door was locked but it only took one solid kick from Clint to get it open and they quickly went inside, feeling around for anyone.
“James
“‘Baby’ is going to be the death of me. Say it again.”
“Well,” Steve said, blushing, “Sam helped me with the bread.” Tony’s eyes went to the bread on the table. He figured it was just freshly bought from a bakery but Steve had
Luke Cage and Wilson Fisk didn’t completely stare down at the table but they were careful with just how much eye contact they made. It was not a sign of weakness but rather an acknowledgement of power, which James and Steve now had a lot more of. Of course they had also shared it with Madame Gao who kept her head raised high, a knowing grin on her thin lips, but the other two didn’t need to know that.
James nodded. “Alright,” he agreed. “Together.”
“True. I suppose it is a welcome alternative to yours.”
“Whaddya mean?” He asked, a little breathless, his eyes focused on the sleeping Tony.
Clint tensed as he asked, “But were you?”
Tony watched his brother being so much braver than he could ever be. Lucky was a nice dog but he didn’t expect to spend a lot of time with him. Benni on the other hand was immediately happy to have a dog there.
“What?” Clint asked, his cheeks turning pink. “Too cheesy? Was I off?”
Despite Rhodey inching closer trying to hear the conversation, Tony swatted him away and escaped to his bedroom, shutting the door behind him and sitting on the bed. Was it weird that he had butterflies in his stomach and felt like a teenager with a crush?
Two tires were shot out, the car swerved, Dugan unable to control it, and hit a fire hydrant head on. Dugan was down for the count, his head on the steering wheel, blood trickling down. Jones was quiet too, leaning back, his mouth open. Steve had been thrown onto the floor, feeling the familiar tear of his stitches as he caught himself.
“How can you be so sure?” Dugan wondered.
Natalia knew what he was talking about and nodded, deciding to say no more of the subject with Tony in the room, not sure how he would take it. “Clint wants to know if he can come see Tony.”
“Wait. Just one last one?”
“Why do I have to go to bed early? I want to stay up with you,” he said between small yawns which he tried to hide.
“Great. Is my favorite employee here today?”
“Just one?” Clint asked and then said, seriously, “That night outside my bar. When those three mooks showed up. There’s no point in pretending that they wouldn’t have killed me if you hadn’t been there.”
There stood someone, mid-twenties, dark brown hair and large brown eyes. Looking up they seemed shocked at who they saw on the bed.
“What the actual hell is going on in my firehouse? Why are you all yelling like children?” Chief Fury yelled over them all, obviously not seeing the irony in that.
Tony entered the house and was honestly surprised not to be greeted by his little brother. Or Sarah. It was awfully quiet and he didn’t like that one bit. Without checking the other rooms he went back to the office where he found Benni playing a card game with Dugan and Jones.
maya dorogaya (Russian) - my dear
“What’s so funny?” Tony asked, crossing his arms as if he were offended. Both of them knew that that was basically impossible.
He knew that this was Clint’s way of trying to get more information about their trip but James was determined to keep it quiet even if Clint was playing very dirty.
“I... can’t compare to James.” He laughed sadly. “Why me, Steve?”
“Let’s go.”
When Steve got to the kitchen, Tony knew instantly he shouldn’t be there. Steve needed his mother. Did something happen? Did they fight? It didn’t look like a fight. But James disappeared and Steve looked heartbroken. It was none of his business. And so he turned to his brother.
Steve felt stupid for suggesting it now. How had he not thought of that? “Right,” he said and then asked, “That’s why what?”
“But you know that usually girls like boys and the other way around?”
For now it was a relief to see signs that it had been there for a few hours now. No one had come into the building and there were only so many people that could fit into one car. That would be useful information for Steve and James and that thought made Tony smile ever so slightly.
Tony jumped back, not knowing what to expect when Clint startled. He didn’t want to risk more physical pain than he was already in. Instead he crouched down, taking a second because his head was spinning from the sudden movement, and pushed the tray towards Clint.
He was warming up to Natalia although he had absolutely no idea whether or not she even liked him. The more Steve got to know her and hear how James spoke about Clint, the more curious he was. Hopefully, he would get the chance to redeem himself after all of this and they could start fresh. He wondered if Tony would like Clint.
By the time the dessert cards were in their hands, Steve couldn’t help but keep stealing glances over at Tony. He was
James continued to press kisses and to squeeze Clint comfortingly. He would occasionally whisper loving affirmations and assurances but he never belittled or invalidated what Clint was going through.
“I’ll be back in to check on you later, Stevie,” James said, giving him one last worried look and then a nod at Tony before leaving.
“Why earlier? What happened?” Clint asked, taking a bite of toast, watching Tony carefully.
“I… I broke a cup. I’m sorry. I just dropped it and then I tried to clean it but cut myself. Sarah
“I didn’t think you sounded that way. I was just lettin’ you know,” he explained. He knew if anyone was grateful for anything in their life it was Tony. He had thanked Steve more times than Steve could remember. “And of course I know I can trust you.” He sipped his drink, watching Tony from above the rim of it. He needed to change the setting or he was going to do something he’d regret but he had no idea how to change it and he also really didn’t want to.
“Now you’re just spoiling him,” Tony scoffed playfully and took a cookie for himself. Though, he loved everything they did for Benni. He needed some serious spoiling.
Quietly he picked up the water and sniffed it, deciding to take a chance and sip it. He sighed in relief when it really was water. On the tray he found a bread roll, some potatoes, and a few slices of bologna. Not exactly the five star meals to which he had become accustomed but at least they were feeding him. That was a good sign that they didn’t plan to kill him right away.
James picked up the other suitcase to follow Steve.
Clint whirled around in search of her requested items, spotting a notepad and pencil at the other end of the bar. “Here you are, my dearest Natalia,” he said, as he hobbled back to her end, doing his best to ignore how clunky his cast was.
The way Steve asked hurt Tony. Not because he felt offended but because Steve couldn’t believe it.
He was shaking his head like he couldn’t quite understand as he said, “Bother me? Tony, never. Granted, I was having a… time there the last couple days but you don’t
“I told you I’m never letting you out of my sight again,” Steve repeated, reaching into his waistcoat pocket to pull out the dog tags and put them into Tony’s hand.
Doing absolutely nothing. What good was a mob boss who couldn’t be a boss? Who was he supposed to intimidate in an ass-out hospital gown?
mal'chik (russian) = boy
“You’re not even going to act modest and pretend you don’t know?”
“I don’t think you’re helpless,” Clint said quickly because he didn’t. “I wouldn’t have even told you this plan if I thought you were helpless. I just…” He shrugged. “Brotherly instinct I guess? I don’t mean that in a weird way. I realize I barely know you.”
Sarah was reading while soft music played and Tony joined her to read as well. Having slept all day, he didn’t feel too tired, though, if he did lie down, he’d probably fall asleep. Eventually Sarah was about to go to bed when they heard the door open and someone coming up the stairs.
things off, I’ll be all over you,” he said, pressing kisses into his hair and on his neck. James had guessed this already but a lot of Steve’s short temper and easy irritation was pent up sexual frustration. Getting those stitches off and finally getting to be together with his boyfriend was going to do a world of good for his mood.
any other but this one was pretty awful. Steve looked at Tony, squeezing his hand. “No,” he answered honestly. “Not right now. And you’re all going to stay with James like we talked about. Tony, I mean it.”
kill you.”
“But sometimes the other kids are mean.”
“You smell that?” James asked Clint, tilting his own nose up and then turning towards the door, listening to the familiar sounds of Sarah’s shoes coming down the hallway.
He flexed to pull Tony in closer to him so he could nuzzle his nose into his hair, closing his eyes and inhaling deeply. He didn’t ever want to forget that smell.
James, who had been reading in the living room ever since he’d woken up early that morning, heard the commotion and put his book down to go investigate.
Not long after, Tony and Benni joined them, grace was said, and they started to eat.
“Where did they go?”
Only to the movies and then back. He could do that. No one would recognize him, tell Howard with whom he was at the cinema, where he could find them. Even though he repeated those words in his head and even mumbled them to himself as he was getting dressed he couldn’t help but tremble in fear. Remembering his father was enough to remind him of the pain the man had caused him. How he had pressed Tony on the cold,hard floor—
“Of course I am,” Steve said, pulling Tony against his chest and pressing a kiss to his hair and then his forehead. “You’re my everything.” He trailed his finger lightly down Tony’s arm to his hand and then closed his hand around it, lifting it to his lips to kiss the inside of Tony’s palm. “Making you happy is my favorite task of the day.”
“Ah, like Stevie. Why didn’t you say so?”
“Anything in particular?”
Clint waved away his explanation. “I get it,” he assured him. He still felt guilty about the failed escape attempt though. The fact that his plan had cost Tony so much pain; that it was the only reason Clint’s leg was broken. But if Tony hadn’t mentioned it—because Clint assumed he’d be in a headlock by now if he had—then perhaps it was best to just… leave it that way. In the past.
“He turned ten this September. He’s a big boy now with two numbers in his age. And next year he won’t even have enough fingers to show his age anymore, which he can’t wait for.” He chuckled as he repeated the things Benni had told him. “One day he wants to be a zookeeper, the next day he wants to be a baker, and the day after that he wants to be an author.”
“What’s with the face?” Pepper asked turning to Tony from looking out of the shop’s window.
His desk was made of the same dark wood, so dark it was almost black, and topped with a leather inset on top of it that matched the dark grey color of the curtains.
fault that Tony was hurting so badly right now.
“Let’s get you food first, hm? I could go for something to eat myself.”
“Is that where you got the money?!” Howard yelled. Tony shooed his brother out while Howard continued his rant. “Are you their
James was waiting there, sipping a coffee. “You look good, Stevie.”
“Who the hell is he?” Bucky asked from the doorway. He was shirtless, in only his low-hanging sleep pants, his hair pulled into a messy bun, and he slowly made his way to the kitchen. Tony noticed the left arm covered in scarred, burned skin, but he made a conscious effort not to stare.
“I just don’t want to miss it,” he said and it was the truth. But there was no need to worry. “When is yours?” He asked after hesitating for a moment.
“Ma, I’ll be home for dinner,” Pepper called, stepping into the hallway, and added something in Gaelic which Tony of course didn’t understand. “Let’s go.” She smiled and took his arm.
Steve nodded, sighing and closing his eyes. He dragged a hand down his face. “I wonder if there’s the possibility of—” He stopped his thought, his tired eyes going to James who gave him a questioning look and then understanding lit up his features and he frowned.
The firetruck pulled up to the gas station and a few shops down was the one he was looking for. He hopped out.
People were waving from the docks as well as on the ship. Some were crying, others cheering. After this second of distraction Tony looked back to the statue, craning his neck since it was rather close now. He watched it get smaller and smaller the further away the ship took them out. He stayed there until he couldn’t see it anymore and it disappeared. Somehow it relaxed him.
“Barton,” he replied, realizing that was going to be confusing now that there were two of them again. “Natalia. How did it go?”
James was rolling up his sleeves, turning on the water to make sure it was hot enough for the dishes. He pulled a chair over for Clint to sit in and dry while James washed.
” Sam groaned.
“Maybe,” he said, the word coming out like it hurt. “I mean…” He swallowed hard, his throat dry and eyes wet. “He’s the last person I’ve ever wanted to hurt but I
Others joined in on punishing Tony for his attempted escape and when they were done he was barely conscious.
“Not—whatever,” Steve said when Bruce was out of earshot. He wasn’t a cop and he would continue to stress that.
The next time Tony woke up he could see light shining through the small window in the room. Every day that past he lost even more hope of ever getting out. Clint and he were on the same page on that, which was a very unfortunate thing to have in common with someone else. They stayed close to each other, both finding some comfort in the physical contact.
She hummed her understanding, nodded. She still felt like there was more she could have done to let him know how safe he was with her, how much she loved him no matter what. She squeezed his hands and he pressed a kiss into her hair.
Steve actually laughed. He couldn’t help it. If only Tony knew how quickly Steve would burn anything and everything he needed to do if Tony told him to. If only he knew how much Steve wanted to talk to him over anyone and everyone else. Before Steve could reply, Tony was speaking again and it took him a second to realize he’d spoken the words in Italian and then once again Tony beat him to the chase but honestly, that time it might’ve taken Steve a while longer to respond because Tony slipping into Italian was one of the few pure joys in Steve’s life.
He watched Steve’s finger dance around the wine glass while he talked to his friend. He looked relaxed or so Tony liked to think.
“Rashes also grow on people,” she retorted and James snorted. Even Steve cracked a smile.
Howard didn’t say anything else, just threw a chair across the room, nearly hitting Tony, and left the kitchen. Tony tried his hardest not to faint and got up slowly to hold his arm under cold water. It took a long time before he felt some relief to the throbbing pain but he refused to cry.
“We kill him and one of you will be mayor,” James said casually, gesturing between Dugan and Dmitri. Steve leveled him with a look. They didn’t need a dead mayor on top of everything else. “If he doesn’t know anything, well, we’ll cross that bridge when we get to it.”
“That’s weird. Why would you get in trouble for kissing but Howard can hurt you and yell at us?”
that two people would come live with him but that couldn’t be. Had he emptied two rooms?
“Yeah, I agree,” he said, rolling his jaw to get it to click. Clint turned to look at the jacket Tony must have put under his head. He really was sweet. Not at all what he expected of Steve’s fella. “Thanks for that. What’s the damage?” he asked, pointing to his face and then reaching for his water.
“I hear you found your rats,” James said, from where he sat at the bar beside Steve. Steve’s knuckles were still bruised from taking care of the other two as well. It had been a month now since Tony’s last visit.
Steve was quiet for most of the ride back and so was James. Dmitri and Dugan, allowing their bosses to set the tone for the ride, remained silent as well. James and Steve could feel the tension in the car, though. Despite the information Gao had provided James with, it had been a day already and no call from Bakuto with demands of any kind. What if this wasn’t a ransom situation but rather a message? What if there was no scenario where Steve and James ever got to see and hold their guys again? They wouldn’t put it past Bakuto.
Dugan popped his head in at the same time that she went out.
Steve said, barking out a laugh.
“What? You think I was born yesterday? Now what’re you gonna do without your fancy knife?”
He sat up, looking down at Tony’s beautiful body, leaning forward to run his hands over it before he spoke. He explained to Tony exactly what he was about to do and Tony nodded weakly. Steve smirked and grabbed the oil again, dousing his hand. He went slowly, just one finger to start and Tony gasped.
Now, of course, Steve knew
“Not at all. You know I’ve never liked the bastard.”
James informed the man in French. Normally, these things would have to be done in person. Go to the airport, speak to the people at the counter and so on and so forth. Naturally, James bypassed all of that with connections and he’d never been more grateful for them because had he had to have this conversation in person, he might’ve stabbed the young man he was talking to.
Thursday came and it was passed the usual time Dugan would call. Had they changed their minds? Had Mr Rogers changed his mind? These and other thoughts haunted Tony in the few minutes that Dugan was late.
On their way down, Tony smiled while eating his hot dog. He was standing in the middle of no less than five large, muscular men, each one of them radiating strength and power. There was nowhere safer than there and then.
James raised his eyebrows in surprise and looked at Natalia who mirrored his expression. “Sure. Take your pick.
They packed up the new car, made sure the petrol tank was full, and said their goodbyes. Steve slid into the driver’s seat and Tony in the passenger seat. Steve could hardly even remember the last time he had driven. Thankfully, he felt confident behind the wheel but it was still a strange sensation.
“Steve,” Tony said, “this is the nicest thing anyone’s ever done for me.”
James and Steve’s eyebrows raised simultaneously, their eyes wide.
Tony looked around the room, completely in awe. His eyes fell on a brochure sitting on the table. It described the stops they would take along the way and also gave information about what to do in case of emergency. Apparently they were on the top deck out of three. It hadn’t occurred to Tony that there were different classes on this ship.
He looked up at Steve’s face which he could barely make out in the dark but enough to make out his features. He combed through Steve’s hair gently and leaned up to kiss his cheeks like he wanted to do when Sarah sent him to wake Steve. Now he could. In the darkness of his locked room.
Steve arrived not long after the phone call was made, having to go home first and change. He debated pulling Benni out of school but figured, from what he knew of Tony’s protective nature, that he’d rather him not miss and be brought to the hospital afterwards.
“If you lot think this looks deadly wait till you see the dessert Jimmy’s made,” she said, looking over at the man who stood at the counter. He turned and grinned at Tony, drying his hands and coming to sit, also dressed in casual clothes though he had shown up in a suit. Had to keep up appearances, right?
“No need to shoot me, Cap, I’m on your side in all this, you know that.”
“Why are you so against him and Tony?”
+   +   +
close.
“Lost my grip on the bed trying to get up, my leg hit the floor hard. Ah,” Clint hissed, covering his face because the pain was bringing him to tears and he absolutely refused to cry in front of Steve. It had been bad enough waking up to an empty bed and now this.
“Why is no one coming?” he mouthed.
“So no, it doesn’t bother me. And as for experience—” Steve’s fingers danced up Tony’s arm as he spoke, his eyes focused on the gentle rise and fall of Tony’s chest before meeting his warm, brown eyes again—“I really,
If Tony wasn’t hard before… well.
He exhaled shakily and then pressed the intercom labeled Barnes/Rogers/Wilson. It rang twice and then the door buzzed and Tony went up. Even the elevator seemed to go too quickly and before he knew it, the doors were opening and he was faced with Steve’s front door.
No one said anything and Tony knew that Steve and James were in the room with him but he didn’t care. Or rather, he didn’t mind. James who had found him and had stopped Howard from killing him and then gave him the best possible treatment. Steve who had taken him in, given him a new home and a job, a purpose. They knew what they had been doing, what needed to be done and they had his back.
“I was a little sad for a bit,” she admitted and he looked away, “but only because I really wanted grandchildren.” He glanced back up at her and she reached out for his face, holding her hand softly to his cheek, rubbing her thumb across it. He lifted his hand to cover hers, a small smile on his face. “Seeing how happy you were made that sadness easier until I was just happy you were.”
He moved so their bodies were together, closer, he wanted to be
Despite asking questions Howard gave Tony no chance to answer as he punched him, slapped him, kicked him, and yelled more. He had failed in protecting his brother, in giving him a better life. While he waited for the pain to subside and to pass out from the heavy punches he prayed to whoever might be listening that someone nice would pick up his brother, look after him and love him as much as he deserved to be loved. And if whoever was making that happen could also help him see his mom and sister again, he would love that. And maybe give Mr Rogers—
Instead he settled for what he had because Tony seemed comfortable with that. To push his own agenda—especially in a moment like this—would just be vile, a terribly selfish thing. He wasn’t sure if he should continue talking. Maybe it was helping but it didn’t seem to be.
“Love you too,” he replied, his eyes still closed while enjoying the small touches. “Nothing, thanks.” His last errand before he would be his for who knew how long. “I’ll make a chocolate cake for Benni as a going away present. Maybe see if you can find some strawberries for your mom?”
He’d kept watching though. It was nice seeing Steve with Tony, seeing the way he cared for him. It was also nice to see the way Tony relaxed into Steve’s touch. Clint gave Steve a tiny smile and Steve returned it, Steve’s focus going to his mother when she told him to take his plate.
“Exotic,” Clint repeated with a smile. Clint was about to say that he agreed and just wanted out of New York too when Tony added the last part and Clint felt his smile drop some. “Me too, I…” he trailed off, forming his thoughts. “I knew there would be hard times but I never really—I mean, I gave him my tags. This was
Steve chuckled, trying to keep the mood light now that his answer seemed to satisfy him. “If they’re all as cute as you I sure won’t.”
Clint had his arms wrapped around Tony tightly, holding himself securely. The moment the gun shot had popped off, Tony had woken and tapped Clint’s shoulder to let him know something was happening.
Steve laid there for a minute or two. Almost five, he’d say. It was so comfortable. Tony was the right amount of warm. He’d put on some weight in the last few months too so he was comfortable to lay on. He wondered if he was too heavy on him? And then Tony moved slightly and that wonderful Tony-brand scent wafted his way and he found himself caring less.
“Do I make my rules clear?”
Oh Steve hated to see that look in Tony’s eyes and he would have to be more careful about his temper he realized. “Don’t apologize. Telling me how you feel is never something to apologize for. That’s on me,” he told him, pulling him closer and holding him so he wouldn’t go anywhere. “Sure, I got myself out but I did so with violence and crime and cheating. I may have made a somewhat honest organization out of it but it sure as hell didn’t start that way. I took all that rage I had in me, found others who felt the same and we beat the shit out of people who we said were more wrong than us. Tony, I saw that you were saving up. You were going to get yourself
“I do,” Clint said, seeming to question it himself. “Being around Tony, talking to him—it helps but—”
Steve opened his mouth to protest and Sarah gave him
The furniture was covered with cloths to keep the dust at bay, which would make everything much easier. For now he opened the windows to let in some fresh air while he looked around the first floor.
Clint thanked him for the water and made his way over to the couch where Tony had placed the glass on the coffee table. He picked it up, downing it as he took in his surroundings. Lucky plopped down loyally at his feet and curled up.
“Tony,” he said, speaking softly. “Come back to me.”
feeling? I can ask one of Jimmy’s fellas to bring you some food, if ya like.”
“I’m surprised you managed to make it to your room. You don’t function well on little sleep,” she teased. He just shoveled another heaping of pancakes into his mouth instead of commenting, still smiling.
“A kid threw up on me this week,” Natalia said, snuggled up beside Clint with her pizza on a plate in her lap, holding a piece folded in her right hand while she spoke, her left fingers looped absently around the belt loops of Clint’s pants that he had put on ‘just for her.’ She really had missed him and though she also wasn’t one to vocalize her emotional needs, she showed it through all of the extra touch.
Steve’s voice dropped an octave, he wanted to take Tony’s hand when he spoke, his eyes locked on the other man’s. “Never.”
“It’s not productive answering a question with a question, asshole,” James told him. Steve glared and James glared right back. James pulled his knife out, pointing it at Steve who didn’t flinch. “Did you have a problem with me that I seemed to have overlooked or are you angry about something else?”
Steve poured his glass and then James’, putting the bottle down to lift his glass and James did the same. They clinked but didn’t officially toast, they didn’t feel there was anything to toast about in relation to the impending conversation.
“You—” James paused, tilting his head to the side to listen to the hallway beyond the closed door. He pressed his lips together tightly.
“What will I be doing?” Tony asked.
“When will Natalia come visit again?” Benni asked as he collected the soup plates. “I want her to teach me more things.”
He headed out of the room and stopped only to tussle his hair. It didn’t need to be perfect either. He could be comfortable and himself. It was just him and Tony.
He cleared his throat to get Tony’s attention and said, “what time does Benni get out? Will he be alright if I pick him up?” James did not want to be here. Steve would be fine. He
hot. “In your character, not in appearances. Not that you’re not good-looking. That’s not what I wanted to say—” He blushed and quickly looked away. Why did he have to make it this awful? “Hot-blooded.” Tony finally said after a very awkward moment of silence. “That’s what I meant. But also clear like the summer sky. Like your eyes.” Tony knew he was saying words but his heart was beating so fast and so loud in his ears that he wondered if he was truly speaking. And if Steve was able to hear his heart too.
“You know I love you, Tones, you’re family, but so is that firehouse. I don’t want to see anyone I care about hurt,” Rhodey told him. “You ready?”
“If you weren’t, you’d have killed me by now.” Steve said nothing. “It’s not about what proof I have or don’t have. It’s about who I can get to believe—”
“A very influential Irish man?”
“Why so late?”
She pushed the door open and went in, walking right over to his bed and she gave him a firm smack on the arm. He didn’t jump awake, just turned his head slowly to look at her, apparently not asleep after all.
He shook his head, turning his attention to Tony as he completely removed his tie, jacket and waistcoat.
He thought back to all of the close friends he had made in the last seven years of owning the bar—Phil, Mack, Fitz, Sam, Carol, and technically even James.
“How are
“Do ya have to touch it to make sure it’s hot?”
“So, yer werking for Mr Rogers then?”
Cap let go and went back to his seat, sitting slowly, taking his time about it while the kid tried to figure out the best way of getting out of there alive.
James laughed. “You like that one? More than
Steve carried on talking. “I’m from Belfast,” he said, “but I only lived there until I was about four, then we came here. I didn’t speak any English at the time. My… father had a firm Gaelic only rule in the house. I didn’t mind, I loved the language. I still do.” He skipped over any other memories of his father and then said, “Coming here was hard at first. Very different. I hated it. I was small and talked ‘funny,’” he said, “and I got bullied a lot. That’s how I met James actually. Not—he wasn’t a bully. He scared some others off though. I started following him around like a lost puppy even though he was two classes up from me. I think I wore him down rather than him liking me from the start.” He laughed, remembering that made him grin.
scary but she’ll get there, don’t you worry.”
“Actually quite the opposite. They saved me from him and made sure that he couldn’t get to me. Ever again. I don’t know why I needed to say that, sorry. Let’s not talk about it for now.” He crossed one leg under him and settled back on Clint’s shoulder.
Benni hugged his brother back tightly. “I don’t have to see you kiss Steve, do I?”
“You’ve got that my-crush-just-said-hi-to-me look is all. It’s cute. Haven’t seen you excited about someone in a while.”
“Hey,” he said and Carol threw herself at him, pressing kisses all over his face that made him smile. Sam and Tony watched on from a distance. “I’m alive, honey.”
James returned from Steve’s bedroom a moment later with the bottle and poured himself a glass. If Howard was going to be discussed, James was going to at least enjoy some aspect of it and that aspect was a nice single malt scotch.
“Don’t be daft,” Pinky said and Steve felt himself tense and then forced himself to relax. Why was it so different hearing James tell him that versus Pinky? “I’ve still got a ways to go before I’ve even touched the debt I owe you.”
He smiled at the idea of a skinny Steve. He’d seen the pictures but it was still difficult to believe. “I like being curled up,” he mumbled. A tight space he could control.
“Stop, he’s about to pass out,” James told him. Howard was hung up on a wall by his wrists. Rough rope holding him there. He was stripped down to his underwear. They fed him just enough to keep him lucid. Steve did not want him to miss a single ounce of pain.
“If I adopt you and Benni, not only can you choose which name will officially be yours but you will also be part of our family officially.”
“Who is Sarah?” He asked weakly, feeling how exhausted he was. Couldn’t he just go back to sleep?
James chuckled, removing the broccoli from the water and checking the potatoes. “I’ll make it up to you. I’ll make you feel good, baby.”
“Goodnight, Stevie. Know I love you and I’m here for you.”
Tony didn’t know just how much time he had spent sleeping. Every now and then he woke up for a few seconds or even a minute but fell asleep again. Sleeping was better than trying to deal with the pain and soreness of his body.
Steve came up with and shot down four other additions to the conversation before finally settling on, “so what do you think of me as?”
“You are
His mouth felt dry and he had to clear his throat before he spoke. “You’ll never have to see him again. In fact,” he began, but hesitated, thinking how best to say this. Logically he knew that Tony must know he’s killed people but saying it out loud once again struck up that fear of rejection in Steve. A fear he didn’t worry much about. No one rejected him, not in his business, not when it came to pleasure, no one. But Tony could. “Only reason he‘s still… around is because James insisted you’d want to be the one to…” he left the rest of the sentence to the imagination, knowing Tony would know what he meant.
It was rushed and chaotic and very them. The news had just broken that the US would join the war efforts and Clint knew it was only a matter of time before he was drafted and he wanted somewhere—
The pain in his hands was bearable and on his way to Clint’s room he clenched them to see what he could still do despite the bandages. Even though the door was open, he chose to knock on the doorframe first.
When the car pulled around to the side street granting them access to the back alley, James and Dmitri carefully hid away their shopping in the trunk and made their way inside. James had his very own key to the back entrance now.
Tony washed his face, looking at his reflection. There were still yellow and greenish leftovers from the bruises, the stitched up wounds were red and looked angry but other than that his face was back to normal. A face that looked nothing like Steve’s. Nowhere near that perfect face with those bright eyes.
“Mr Rogers, sir, I know Dugan just hung up but you wanted to know when Howard was out for the day. That would also be today, sir.”
“I love you too, Tony. So, so much.” He would get over it all. Put it past him. Or at least that’s what he told himself. In reality, he would shove it down with everything else and ignore it because this was the version of himself he wanted to give Tony all the time. Not the sad shell of a man Steve, this Steve. He looked towards the hall, just knowing James was out there but he didn’t comment on it. “You should sleep,” he said, reaching up to touch Tony’s face. “You’ve been here too long. I doubt you slept even a wee bit.”
Clint finally returns to the bar. James begins planning a trip away for them. They go on a double date.
Tony sat up and let go of Steve’s hand. “Oh no, don’t you dare. You’re not even thinking that, you hear me?”
Steve had plopped down in the chair beside Tony, a hand landing firmly on his thigh and he tugged him over for a hug and a kiss.
“Alright,” Natalia said and now Maria decided to go ahead and explore the office, sensing that an intimate discussion of Clint wasn’t necessarily intended for her ears.
Tony looked at Sarah, appreciating how sweet she was, and then he turned back to Steve. ‘Handle it as he normally would’, he said. He knew Steve would do anything to protect them and their relationship.
Their first night was so exciting to Tony that he couldn’t sleep. He varied between laying in bed listening to the waves crash against the metal and looking out into the dark where he couldn’t even tell the difference between the night sky and the sea.
“You will
“Sweet? You’re losing your edge. Maria is making you soft.”
“I... really don’t want you to turn me on,” he said and bit his own lower lip. “Or touch me. Stop touching me,” he joked weakly. “Steve, just use me, please.”
Some time later he ended up in the library and explored it some more. There was a shelf full of records that he didn’t notice yesterday so he went to browse through them. There were only a few artists of which he had heard. Careful not to scratch the record, he pulled it out and started playing it. The room filled with soft jazz, inviting the listener to sit and relax. He went from shelf to shelf to look at each and every book, his fingers gently running over the spines.
Some time later he felt a hand on the back of his neck. His cup was gone and Pepper’s glass almost empty. He sighed in frustration when he realized that he had gone far away again.
He kept himself awake until he heard Steve’s breathing evening out. That was when he let himself fall asleep. For the first time since he had been back he was sleeping more calmly than the nights before. He still had nightmares and felt anxious when he woke up in total darkness, but he always managed to go back to hugging Steve.
The music was still playing in the background, ‘Dream a Little Dream of Me’ filling the room and boosting Steve’s confidence. Plus, overcome with jealousy, he wanted to make Tony forget about Pepper. Tony was
“Maybe you’ll see it one day.” Clint leaned his head back, staring up at the ceiling, feeling relaxed. “Oh yeah? Sarah’s great. Really like her,” he said. “Nat’s told me some about him too. Apparently, they got along really well and she, in my opinion, is scarier than James. I still haven’t met your brother. Not properly.”
“Next time I get to help
Steve thought about laughing and making things light but it seemed like this question came from somewhere deep down, something more than a light inquiry. “Nothing. There’s nothing you could ever do to make me not want you around, Tony.”
Tony was sure he was already asleep until he heard Steve chuckle quietly. “Nobody told you to have two slices of cake.”
It was a bomb. A timer, just like the other ones their serial arsonist had used. Only this time a different method. They could only assume he was behind the fire, knowing it would lead Steve and Bucky, who he knew had chased him that day, right where he wanted them but Bucky didn’t go in. He wasn’t needed.
“Hi,” Tony greeted him, stepping forward at the same time that Steve reached out and closed a hand around his wrist to pull him in, wrapping both arms around him and squeezing him in a hug. Tony closed his eyes, enjoy the warmth and security of the embrace.
“No,” Clint answered quickly because he wasn’t, he just found that he wasn’t good at reading Steve or how he felt or what his next move or words would be. He’d gotten good at it with James and Tony too to a degree. Nat he knew like the back of his hand but Steve? He honestly didn’t even know if Steve was relieved he’d lived.
have expected anything less. Phil had always had his back.
“I don’t know if he did or not. I’m sure she’d be happy to hear from you anyway.”
“I don’t mind the sun. I tan a bit.” He rolled up his sleeve neatly, holding his arm next to Steve’s. Despite him and his winter skin he was still more tanned than Steve. “That’s really pale.” He chuckled and leaned back, his eyes still on Steve’s strong and veiny arms. He almost sighed in delight but managed to bite it back. “Do you ever go to the beach during summer?”
Sarah kneeled so she was lower than eye level to Benni, her hand on his knee. She gave him a soft smile and a once over. “Hey there, pet,” she said softly. “I hate to see you so sad. How can I help?” Her voice was determined but still tender, confident but still patient, waiting to hear what he had to say.
Steve wondered how long he would be back. If he had even ever gone to Russia or if that had all been a lie. It hadn’t been
“Compared to you, standing under a rocket launch would be a quiet zone.”
.” He chuckled, imagining James’ face. The look of complete and utter disgust. “We needed a witness. To make it official, you know? That’s when I met Dmitri. He was the only person either of us had to call. He just stood at the back of the room. He wasn’t even drinking age but already nice and scary-looking. And… that’s it. Huh, maybe that wasn’t that great of a story. I mean, we did almost burn the place down when I bumped into a candle and knocked it onto some curtains but otherwise, smooth sailing.”
James’ eyebrows shot up. “I wasn’t aware you knew.”
In all honesty, the last two years had been unbelievably long and tiresome. Thankfully the hardships were interspersed with moments of joy and love but, overall, Steve was ready for 1950 to be a calmer year. No attempts on his life, no blackmail, no betrayal, no kidnappings, no
“Mornin’, Rhodes,” he said with a knowing smile. Rhodey had made Tony come downstairs and meet him, too embarrassed to go up to his Captain and fellow firefighters’ apartment to pick up his hungover roommate. “Hey, don’t worry about Tony.”
“He’s got no more reason to stay.”
Tony bit back a sigh and nodded. Here was lunch and Sarah had thought of him. He should be grateful. And he
“That call.”
“For fuck’s sake, if you don’t stop overthinking I’m gonna put you in timeout,” Bucky said and when Steve looked up he realized both Sam and Bucky had turned to watch him struggle in silence, the television muted now.
Steve smirked against Tony’s skin, inhaling deeply and loving that he could be right where he was without any worries or fears. “I love you too,” he said, “the rest you’ll have to translate for me.” His eyes were still closed and he tightened his grip on Tony, pressing a kiss to his chest.
Howard died with a surprised look on his face, about to raise his hands and probably wanting to say something, maybe even beg for his life. He never got to do that. Tony turned around and gave Steve back his gun and nodded. James opened the door and let Tony out, followed by Steve. He whistled and said something in Russian and two men nodded to confirm whatever order they had been given.
“I just remembered how you and I were talking about being in love and what it feels like. Now look at you. You’re going on a vacation to a foreign country and you’re not anxious at all.”
“You good to go?” Sarah asked knocking on Tony’s door and then entering. “Lad, you can call me if you need help with the sweater,” she said and helped Tony. He was closing down again, like the other day at the store when it was too much for him to handle and process. He could hear words from far, far away but they didn’t reach him until he felt a hand on his and heard Benni call him “
Clint and Tony weren’t alone. They were beaten and starved and probably sleep-deprived but they weren’t alone. They had each other.
. “I just got home. I just wanted to check on you before I turned in.” He hoped that telling the truth would earn him some good karma points and not come back to haunt him.
“Yes, of course,” Tony said. He knew it. Because he had killed Howard and there wasn’t a single person on this planet he would allow to treat him or his brother the way Howard treated them. “You’re safe here,
“Not shallow,” Tony said quickly. “You’re so much stronger than me. You got yourself out. And yet you’re not judging me... I just... I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it that way.” He couldn’t look at Steve knowing he had said something wrong. He dropped his hand and wanted to leave, hide. Something. But not ruin what he had with Steve.
“Well, alright. Benni, shall we have our sweets in the living room with our show?” Benni nodded excitedly and jumped up, taking his plate to the sink and then coming back for Sarah’s. She made them two plates of pie and they headed out.
Tony let out a heavy sigh, shaking his hands off. “I’m nervous, Rhodey. I haven’t been nervous about a date since, well, my last date with Steve but before that… I don’t even know. I don’t usually care but—”
you shot him point blank at Stark’s old deli?” James countered. “Move on from this part of the issue so we can figure this out together or leave.”
Again, no one came and then finally Clint saw Tony jump. And he moved back as well.
The way Sarah spoke with Tony made him smile brightly. He loved her so much he almost felt bad for his late mother. He thought about the wish he had made
“It took us forty minutes to get back here,” Dugan said since he had been driving, building on Dmitri’s thought. “And he called about twenty minutes later. That’s at least an hour.”
Steve found the note after showering and immediately called Jones who was more than happy to get a free lunch courtesy of Steve in exchange for keeping an eye on Tony and Benni from a distance.
I miss you. We’d never get off the phone,” Clint told him with a grin, bumping his shoulder playfully.
“Sorry about that.”
“I’m glad you’re all safe,” he said. James laughed outright.
A serviette was placed on Clint’s lap and water poured into his glass. He was handed his glass of champagne and he waited until they all had one so they could clink them lightly together.
He pulled away as reality set in and managed to cut through the wonderful haze and euphoria that was kissing Tony. “I just… I don't understand. You’re… like me?”
“You don’t have to regret it anymore,” Steve said quietly, “it’ll happen.” Steve tried to swallow past the lump in his throat formed by Tony’s words.
“You won’t,” Clint said, his voice barely more than a whisper. James met his eyes with an intensity that would have made Clint uncomfortable when they’d first met but now it made him feel loved, adored even.
“Why did we wait so late?” Steve asked quietly, both of them standing in the small patch of trees located behind Loki’s house.
“Penny for your thoughts?”
“Steve, you wanna grab a bite to eat sometime?” Tony asked, interrupting Rhodey once again and if he could, Rhodey would have strangled Tony but instead he just prepared his speech for later, glaring so hard it was giving Tony a headache.
Dugan held the car door open and Steve let Tony in first and then he slid in after him, keeping space between them. He couldn’t help but look Tony over. He knew James meant ‘best care’ when he said it but he couldn’t keep himself from worrying.
“No,” James said, a small smile on his lips, “we aren’t. Natalia, did either man happen to catch the name of the restoration company?”
Outside, Dmitri and Dugan were in the ambulance and had pulled it up to the loading zone entrance that didn’t require stairs. Clint and Tony were carefully laid on the stretchers in the back of the ambulance and the doors were shut.
?—and then settled on: “Alright, fine. I’ll rest.
and you.”
At one point he tilted Clint’s head back and it rested against James’ bare thigh, James leaning down to kiss him, his hands washing his chest and stomach and then further and beyond.
“Yeah? And you’re smiling. Better stop before they revoke your Russian citizenship,” Steve retaliated, both of them erupting into laughter as they stumbled their way together into the kitchen.
Phil nodded to him and left, closing the door behind him.
“One of the busiest firehouses in the borough is your quiet zone? Really?”
Every week the head of the Irish mob, Mr Rogers, would tip him. Every week he’d say it was for Tony only. And Tony made sure to hide the money with whatever he managed to steal from the register when Howard wasn’t around. The box in the corner under the bed he was sharing with his brother was finally filling up with some good money. At this rate he could soon make plans to run away with him. That was,
“H-how did you know?” He asked breathless.
Now, back in his main office, James was sharing with Dmitri much more intimate documents. A few things were personal for James himself, but others intimate in the sense that no one but himself and the person with which the deal had been made knew about the alliance or business involved therein. These documents contained things like his more amicable partnerships. For example, the one he had with Carol Danvers and Maria Rambeau and his re-housement of those like them facing persecution as was the case with Natalia and Maria.
“Correction,” Natalia said, holding up one dainty finger, “I hate all kids but one. Benni is different. He’s sweet.”
“Is he not coming tonight?” Tony asked not looking at Sarah.
Steve licked his lips, watching Tony speak, his heart racing like it was going to fly right out of his chest. Steve had heard Italian before, always thought it was a nice language, but now coming out of Tony’s mouth, it was
“Maybe not feelings then, but I knew you missed what you two had. Hopping from bed to bed isn’t healthy for someone with a heart as soft as yours. I wanted you to have some stability.” He gave her a small smile. He really was her priority. “I knew James could provide that. Tony’s life at the time was turbulent at
James had to help.” He was beyond frustrated and embarrassed but didn’t know if there was a word for what he was feeling.
?” It came from the kitchen. Benni didn’t want to come out, unsure what to do.
They took turns keeping each other back while he spoke. James moving forward when he spat but Tony shook his head and Steve grabbed his arm and pulled him away. Steve tensed when Howard told Tony the truth. Steve had known for a while—Dugan brought him the information—and he figured Tony did too until he saw his reaction, then he was back to wanting to stab James’ knife through Howard’s eye.
“Look at me,” he ordered, “and tell me what happened to your wrist.” Despite the firmness, his voice was quieter.
“Hello?” Maria said and Natalia spoke, letting the others know who it was. James and Steve watched her face carefully, saw the slight widening of her eyes and then she was furiously tapping Dmitri’s shoulder, demanding a pen and paper that he provided as she scribbled down the information she was being told.
When Pepper started coming in every day of the next week and Howard was more absent, Tony couldn’t have been happier. Working with Pepper, even if they barely spoke to each other, was always nice. It gave him a breather and he could take care of chores that he’d neglected for too long. Of course he hadn't forgotten what he had been told but Tony’s priority always had been and always would be the well-being of his brother.
“James,” Natalia began.
Tony could have cried from the relief he felt. He wouldn’t, he never did. But those words meant the world to him. Howard wouldn’t get to him. Or Benni. He didn’t know where they were.
“Tony?” Benni asked, his hand on top of his brother’s. “Do you not like it? I did everything
“They caught me,” he whispered, his lips barely moving. He wanted to shift, trying to sit up but found that his body hurt way too much to move. He felt defeated.
“Just thinking about staying at Steve’s.”
Steve kicked open the door and fire opened on it. He reached forward again to pull Dugan and Jones down a little further and keep them out of the line of fire.
“You saw the exit?” he asked, surprised that he managed to get that much information in such a short amount of time. He repeated the numbers three more times in his mind, making sure they were in there.
“You just came back. I don’t want to be without you again.”
. His hands started trembling and he felt completely overwhelmed. His body went numb and he was unable to focus on the cup in front of him.
“You think I wasn’t planning to?”
“My eyes are fine but my memory sucks. Maybe I just need some refreshing.”
The next time he woke up Benni was sitting on his bed staring at him.
“So where could they have gone in an hour and half and where could they not have made it to?” Natalia asked, leaning over the desk to look at the map.
Sarah had come to his room one day while Tony was still at the hospital and Benni had peeked his head into Clint’s room but been too timid to come all the way in or speak.
“Is this not 12E?”
“Are you sure?” He asked the words slowly.
“Captain Rogers is currently still in surgery but the prognosis is good. A few glass shards did quite a number on him and he needed stitches. But apart from a few broken ribs and one broken wrist, we expect him to make a full recovery.”
“Morning, Cap,” Rhodey greeted him. “Need something?”
“We’ll have dinner soon.” Benni smiled and went to sit at his desk. Tony looked around the room and couldn’t believe how full it was. In every spot there was something else to see. It was as if Steve knew exactly what each of them had wanted for so long and then he simply gave it to them.
“I was trying to help her with her pirouettes and I guess she’d eaten a pretty big breakfast before lessons. As she whipped her little head back around to me, I was covered.”
“Keep your finger firmly in the center of the trigger, breathe out as you pull it back,” Steve said the next day, standing beside Tony. They were at James’ home in his basement which was not a game room but a shooting range with targets on the far wall, run-of-the-mill bullseyes as well as human-shaped targets. James was not with them but Steve had a key.
“These are files I’ve kept for years. Any time I heard any of ‘em say somethin’ bad about your kind,” he said, no malice in the term, “I started a file. Jim’s is new.”
From far away he heard a door open and he felt them shoving him into a new room. Only seconds from fainting, Tony hoped he would be back with Clint. He felt the way he was being pushed, felt the cold floor under his face, and passed out from exhaustion and pain.
Sarah squeezed Tony’s hand, pulled him into her arms, and kissed his cheeks.
“He is.”
After a few minutes alone Tony got up and knocked on Steve’s door, hoping he was still there. To his surprise Steve did open the door.
Tony nodded and did as he was told. Not having to decide for himself was something he was really good at. Freshly bathed—and without wetting his bandaged left arm—and in fresh clothes they went to the kitchen where the table was set and Sarah was tasting the food.
missed them. A few minutes earlier and maybe they would be holding Clint and Tony again.
Steve was not the most interesting person Tony had ever been on a date with but in Tony’s case, that was a good thing. Tony’s list of past romantic endeavors was, as Rhodey had dubbed, ‘sketchy.’ The only exception to the rule being Pepper (which had ended on a positive note and not gone past the first date). Otherwise it was a colorful assortment of people and personalities, though not names because Tony rarely remembered them the morning after. Just like he didn’t quite remember the name of the guy he’d been with the night before he wound up on Steve’s couch but he had a very vivid memory of him telling Tony he worked as a horse whisperer.
Sarah brought the food over to Tony herself and placed it on the little table that sat across his lap. She adjusted his bed gently so he could sit up, keeping an eye on his expression as she raised it. She knew those ribs—and everything else for that matter—were probably giving him a hell of a hard time.
“Alright. I’m just gonna close my eyes until they bring food. If you decide to kill me, do me a favor and don’t wake me up first.”
“The living room is not an area of the house that falls under the system’s rules,” Steve argued, Tony beside him not sure whether he should laugh or grimace. They were all adults but they were also very good at proving that statement wrong.
Rhodey turned and headed in the direction just to be sure, Steve following closely behind. It grew louder, more distinct in nature, and then Steve froze.
James was about to tell Natalia about the other gift he was planning when she cut in and took them down a different route of conversation.
“Not too long but a while,” Steve said, his expression and tone apologetic. “A couple days at least. You need the fluids and more medical experience than I or ma can offer.” Steve pressed a kiss to his eyebrow. “Sleep, love. I’ll get Dugan to bring you some food.”
Tony tried a few times but missed, so Steve moved to help him, coming to stand behind him, lining up their bodies. Tony was pressed against his chest and Steve reached out and placed his hands over Tony’s.
“Yes, but also,” Tony began, finally looking up and those beautiful brown eyes were no less disarming to Steve now than they were in the beginning, “there’s a one bedroom for rent in my apartment building. The previous tenants just moved to the west coast so, you know…”
He was still holding the Patek in one hand and the Rolex in the other. He wasn’t concerned with how often Clint would wear them because money really was no object for James. The only thing concerning him was whether or not Clint would actually like it. Clint was a little difficult to buy truly meaningful gifts for because he was so easily pleased. James felt the slightest bit ungrateful thinking about how easy it was to make his fella happy but at the same time, he wished there was something Clint had mentioned in the last few weeks that he really wanted.
So maybe he had eyes on him at all times and who could blame him? He had a feeling not even Clint would be too upset if he worked it out. And that was actually part of why James hadn’t talked him out of going to the bar. Clint was aware of his limitations but at the same time
Tony couldn't bring himself to look at Steve, too scared of whatever it was that happened earlier, would happen again. He topped up his tea while he answered.
Tony nodded and took a deep but shaky breath, trying his best to keep the tears at bay. Now wasn’t the time to feel sorry for himself.
When they came back from their visit to the Chinese—Steve wasn’t pleased with the heroin being dealt in his neighborhoods—he had blood on the sleeve of his crisp white shirt. One of Gao’s men had made the mistake of putting a hand on him and before Dugan could make a move, Steve knocked him on his ass and broke his nose. The others had backed away and Gao apologized.
“You really need to work on your negotiation tactics. You’re supposed to demand something I
He drank some more water, needing to do something to distract himself, and then decided to reach for the food too. He grabbed the bread first, taking a small bite and chewing until there was nothing left to chew. “I’d give my right hand for a pizza.”
“And that’s how you met the person who owns the diner?” Tony asked, tapping his finger on his mug. “Maybe I’ll come hang out one night. Not anytime soon but one day for sure.” There was no way he’d go there if Clint wasn’t there. “Can I ask what people talk about if they’re not even drinking?”
“Oh, well in that case and with that perfect logic, of course, my love. I’ll buy you a car. I’ll buy you seven even, one for each day of the week,” he said, smiling and swaying gently with Tony to music in his head, remembering that Tony had asked him to dance again. He moved that up to the top of his priority list.
Clint turned his head at the sound, seeming to have forgotten where he was and with whom. James saw the realization flash across his face and it made his chest ache. He got up and came over to sit on the side of the bed, take his hand and with his other cradle Clint’s face.
“You alright?” He asked Steve who was panting. He was sure he’d torn a stitch but it was nothing he couldn’t fix on his own. He nodded and Dugan dragged the boy out to do away with him.
“Fine.” He heard before Dugan hung up on him. It didn’t seem to be fine.
“Don’t worry about me, love. I’ll be safe, I promise. I’ll be there waiting for you. Whatever you have to do, do it. But know this: I’ll gladly run away with you. Live somewhere far away. In a cottage in Ireland. Or make wine in Italy somewhere in a small village? I wouldn’t mind either.” He spoke with a small smile and kissed Steve’s cheek. It felt warm under his lips.
“And Clint won’t hear Tony trying to explain himself even if he does.” Steve looked at James, confusion plain on his face. James tapped his ear. “The power in his hearing aids is good for about forty-eight hours before they need charging again. Without them, he’s deaf.” James swallowed hard, looking out the window because the rush of emotions he felt was too much.
A moment later and he was even able to stand and refill his glass. Heading back over to the couch, he tried to ignore all the suggestions that popped into his mind when Tony asked.
James looked over at him, his gaze starting at Clint’s feet and sweeping up him. Clint felt his cheeks warm and his stomach do a flip. His heart beat a little faster and he felt himself smiling involuntarily. The way James looked at him never failed to make him feel like the most precious thing on earth.
Clint was looking down at Tony, smiling. He was torn, happy to be going home but sad to be leaving. Clint had never wanted a younger brother and definitely never thought he would like one if he got one but he most certainly liked Tony.
Steve was shaking his head while Tony spoke about things being better without him. There was no way in hell he’d ever agree with that. “You can’t be sure of it and you can’t blame yourself for your father’s mistakes. He was never going to be a good man regardless of whether or not you’d been born. How could any good man ever become what he was?” Steve rubbed his temple, calming himself. “Those same people you think would have been spared sadness would have also been robbed of joy. The joy you bring to people, Tony. I never met your ma or your sister, but I’ve seen the way Benni lights up when you enter a room. The way he talks about you. I wasn’t even sure he knew anything else existed when you were in the hospital.” He chuckled at the memory of Benni talking his ear off about Tony. “And if you won’t let me use them as a defense, allow me to be selfish and say, I’d be a helluva lot sadder without you.” It was too honest and he felt his breathing catch so he turned away. He needed Tony to understand though. Understand that he was good to and for people.
“I’m not a baby anymore,” Benni said with a slight pout.
A sob burst forth from his lips and then again his fingers were digging into the fabric of James’ shirt, clutching it so tightly his knuckles turned white. More tears came and the sobs got louder. Lucky, who had been watching them both from the other couch, got up and came over to sit in front of them on the floor, whining and pressing his nose to Clint’s back.
“Listen, love,” Steve began, holding Tony’s hand in his, “I know you know this, but I just want to go over it officially. We’re going to have to remember that as long as we are in the public eye on this ship, no touching. Treat me how you would Benni. I know it’s odd but it has to be, alright?”
“I’m not little anymore!”
“Doesn’t seem to have brought you any peace.”
“You’re an abomination,” he spat, and he hit him again but this time Steve hit him back, slamming their foreheads together and Falsworth staggered back.
“There’s some more on the cooker in the kitchen for you, Steven,” she told him, making it very clear that he would have to get his own food. She was not running a hotel. He nodded and left out, figuring Tony might need a second to adjust anyway and Sarah had a gentler approach than he did.
“Who the hell are you?” Clint asked, dodging another hit and throwing one himself, his fist connecting loudly with the man’s ribs and he heard the wind go out of him.
Tony listened closely to what Steve was saying and nodded at the end. Yes, he wasn’t alone but then again, he was, wasn’t he? At the end of the day no one could truly know what was going on with him. Especially not when he didn’t let anyone in on his feelings.
“So were you never going to tell us or did it somehow slip your mind? You know, I’m just curious is all,” Sam said, teasing him and Steve grinned.
.” Dmitri helped two other men and James lift Steve as gently as possible and hurry him over to the car, laying him out across the backseat. James climbed in with him and Dmtriri quickly got in the front and started the car.
Steve whined, not ready to let go of Tony. “No, come on,” he complained. “Tony.” Rational Steve would’ve known it wasn’t a rejection but a protection. Doped up on morphine Steve couldn’t really tell the difference and it hit him like a punch to the gut. Everything mixed together, all his bad thoughts and feelings.
“And on my turn, I’m gonna be generous and give it to you.”
“You were just, you know, processing whatever happened with Winter.”
Steve smiled. “Tell Clint I said thanks. I think he’ll appreciate this.”
Day three was the first day he actually saw someone open the door. Apparently they weren’t just sneaking into his cell and leaving food anymore.
“And I’d really like you to not be afraid of James,” Clint added, rubbing a hand over his face. Clint heard James laugh at something someone said, he couldn’t be sure who, but that sound made his heart feel less heavy. A moment later he heard Steve say something and then there was more laughter in the kitchen. He smiled softly, turning to Tony. “I just… maybe I’ll sleep on it first. See how tonight goes and then decide tomorrow. And it’s alright, don’t force yourself. There’s always calling.”
“I don’t know. I’m sure Dugan is weeding them out but I wouldn’t call this the end of it.”
“I, uh, I asked him out again.”
Tony and Clint were sitting in the corner of a room, hands clasped together, leaned against each other asleep, covered in blood and bruises, obvious tear streaks on their faces. In the second photo they were awake, hands raised to protect their faces and there was no third picture. There was no telling if they had been hurt more or not. No way to know if how they saw them in those pictures was the last bit of terror inflicted on them.
“That’s it then.”
Steve bit his tongue to stop himself from asking Tony to tell him what had just happened. It was obvious he didn’t want to talk about it. Steve would ask later, see if he wanted to get into it. For now he wanted Tony to feel good. To forget as much badness as he could help him to do so.
Steve approached, leaning down with either hand on the chair handles, right in Callahan’s face. “Well, which one was it?”
“There must be a good reason why they’re risking it all, right? If they’re willing to take that risk nothing else matters,” he said with a shrug. “It doesn’t change anything for me. Steve’s still Steve and James is James.”
James was sitting at his desk but he moved to the couch and motioned for Steve to join him on the one across from it. James crossed his legs and raised a hand to his face, resting his lips on his fingers as if willing himself to go about this calmly.
Steve sighed deeply. “I’m just happy to have the two of you and don’t get used to me being this soft with ya.”
“No, just looking for Tony.”
When Steve woke up, Tony was still curled into his side and without being able to see his face, he wasn’t sure if he was awake or still sleep. He didn’t want to lean down to check for fear of waking him either, so he just stayed there with his thoughts and the wonderful feeling that was Tony in his arms.
When Steve pulled away, Tony let out a small sound of frustration. Kissing Steve never got boring and he could definitely do it a lot more.
“If you’re feeling up to it, you can start washing those potatoes for me,” she told him. “Steve and James, you two can set the table. Benni, can you read me the recipes?” Sarah was firing out orders like a drill sergeant. Definitely the nicest drill sergeant ever but still.
first,” she snapped, catching Steve’s eye where he stood still staring at the map and running the plan in his head to check for weak points.
“Sorry,” he said again, “it was just… a lot all at once. I didn’t think you’d all want me around in the mood I was in. Even Dugan’s patience was wearing thin, I could tell.”
Nothing.
“No, everything’s fine, I just…” How did he tell him exactly what he’d been doing without it coming across as extremely creepy? Or, perhaps even worse,
“You should just tell him,” she said. He scoffed.
Tonywas so hungry and tired. All he wanted was to go back home. That was all he thought about when he was woken up even harsher than in their last location. The men seemed frustrated and they used Tony as well as Clint to let off steam, leaving them both with bruises and sore spots.
“Yeah,” Steve said, checking his own watch when he finally found it in the pocket of the waistcoat he’d taken off. It was 4am.
James’ mouth sat open and his mouth trembled like he might cry but he fought it back. “I didn’t know. And I didn’t want you with me because you felt I was your only choice.”
They spent their time in the kitchen, Tony not letting go of his brother while Sarah prepared dinner. Steve helped her every now and then but usually came back to talk to Benni, asking him as many questions about the zoo as possible. By the time they had finished their dinner and Sarah served the fresh batch of cookies, Benni was back to his cheerful, albeit now a lot sleepier, self.
“You seem nervous,” Steve said, his voice low and menacing. O’Shea swallowed hard and put the papers back down.
Clint nodded, eating the last bite of the potato. Usually he would’ve gone more slowly but he just wanted to feel like his stomach wasn’t empty. “I always knew.” He turned the ring on his finger as he spoke. “Never liked girls. Be glad he’s your first. Trying to date is… it’s rough.”
“If you want your answers, you will, lad,” Dugan said, picking up the paper he left in the glove compartment and reading, done talking for now.
“Did it take you long to get to sleep last night?” Steve asked Tony.
And they
“I hope you’re okay with staying like this for a while,” Tony told Steve, leaning back on the couch for more comfort.
“And then
They were one block away now, standing behind another warehouse to shield themselves from view and from the harsh cold wind lashing at their faces as it blew across the East River.
James had spoken for almost a solid two hours before Clint put his mug away and curled up even closer to him, wrapping his arms around him and burying his face against James’ chest. James pressed a kiss to his hair. This was the clingy phase, not that he was complaining, but it meant that hopefully Clint might talk soon.
Gifted. That word echoed through Tony’s head. He was gifted? The numbers had been right there for everyone to see. When Steve exhaled he wanted to reach out, rest his hands on those broad shoulders and ask him if he was alright, if there was something he could do. He managed not to and simply stood there, waiting for Steve to look at him.
was tea.”
“Be a good lad and go wake him up. He’s going to sleep through the whole day at this rate.”
“So…” Tony started and looked down at their hands. “It’s okay? The way I feel about you?”
He was laying on something soft. It wasn’t anywhere near as soft as James’ bed but it was a step up from the hard cot he had been on the last four weeks. He wiggled and swore quietly as pain shot through his head, likely from that punch he had received. He rubbed the area between his eyebrows, closing his eyes, and slowly sitting up.
. I couldn’t be what he needed—I can’t—” A tear fell down his cheek and he snatched his hand to wipe it away angrily. He was not about to sit there and cry in front of Tony. That little bit of dignity was all he had left. So he stayed silent, staring at the wall behind Tony’s head and chewing his bottom lip again. “There was a time when I was in love with him too but I never imagined he could feel the same about me so I got rid of it and now…” He didn’t finish his thought because to do so would let Tony know how he felt about him, so he played it off as though he was just lost in thought.
“Aw, platypus, I just wanted to see where you work.”
Tony guided Steve’s head back onto the arm of the couch. “Make me yours. Claim me, show me off, whatever it is you want to do,” he said between kisses, which he peppered all over Steve’s face, his hands grabbing his hair. “Unless there was more you wanted to say?” he asked, his tone challenging and amused, knowing well that Steve’s vocabulary was going to be reduced to curse words soon.
Before Tony could hug him back, Steve was already pulling away so he simply let him. For the first time he didn’t flinch, didn’t move away, nothing. On top of opening up about his darkest feelings? Tony wouldn't have believed it if it wasn’t happening right now.
“He knows you’re what comes first in my life is all, I’m sure. He knows I could never hate him.” Steve wasn’t so sure but it wasn’t due to a lack of showing affection on his mother’s side, rather the negative experiences with which Tony had become so accustomed.
He showed him the library-slash-study where he spent most of his time. It was a large room with high ceilings and large windows that lit the room naturally during the day. One entire wall was nothing but books—novels of almost every genre, encyclopedias, atlases, books on history, science, space. They were in English, Gaelic, French and Russian, the last two languages taught to him by James and his parents before they passed. There were also now Italian books in his home but they were all either in Tony or Benni’s room.
He chuckled and sat down at the table.
“Why am I only just now hearing about this? How?” Clint asked, trying to swallow his pizza and laugh at the same time which was not working out in his favor.
“Thirty.”
Steve smiled, pressing a featherlight kiss to Tony’s hair when he heard his breathing even out.
Tony looked at Steve, up and down, examined his face and smiled as he nodded. Wherever did that man come from? “Yes,” he said and reached his hand out to Steve. “Shake on it?”
Steve smiled wide, catching his lips again. “We will stick to it. I gave ya my word. That means somethin’ to me.” He pulled Tony in for one more hug and then let him go. “Well, I had some work things to do this mornin’, didn’t have time to sit down for a proper chat. I’ll talk to her after dinner and then we can have our time.”
Steve’s body let out its last few places of tension at the touch, and Steve sighed. “That’s… that’s nice,” he said, having a hard time forming words. He was so tired and he wanted to sleep finally but what if there was more to remember about this night? About these rare nights where he could pretend Tony loved him back. “I’m glad it was you… who came in,” he said, falling silent for a few seconds in the middle of his sentence.
“And I’ve never been able to get them to stop,” Pinky said, his accent thick and it was like music to Steve’s ears. Dugan and Jones had gotten a bit Americanized and listening to Pinky was a bittersweet reminder of how much of Steve’s own accent had been sacrificed to that Brooklynization. “Pleasure to meet ya, lad. Good to see you, Cap.”
+  ~  +
Steve used his shoe to turn the man’s face left and right, see the sunken in cheeks from malnourishment and the black eye, the cuts—some healed, some fresh. As in
Steve looked over at him and felt even worse. Not only was he doing nothing but the only something he could actually say he
Once Tony regained composure over himself, he started setting the table, grateful for any distraction from Steve. He looked over at Clint who winked at him. At first it confused Tony but then he realized that Clint probably saw from where he was sitting and that was just plain embarrassing to Tony.
“I just remembered I own this place and can show up whenever I want. Isn’t it funny how the world works sometimes, Banner?”
Sam looked over at Steve and just shook his head. “Come on, man. You’re just denying fate at this point.”
“Can’t we just go home please?” Benni asked and looked at the floor.
“Yeah but when are you really going to be in the company of either of them anytime soon? Besides, I think Barnes really
It was fifteen minutes later that Natalia arrived, mad at Clint for making her dig for her key, found the dead man in the storeroom and called James, asking if it was his handy work.
“Because of what? Your feelings?” He asked and reached out to place his hand on top of Steve’s. “I don’t think you’re disgusting.” He bit back another sigh. “You’re still Steve, aren’t you?”
“Wasn’t planning on it,” Steve said, curious as to what that last part meant but he figured that was for Tony to tell him or not.
“Mmhm, like hell you did. You’re just trying to get into—Cap, hey,” Rhodey said, a smile on his face now and he said to Tony, quickly and under his breath, “
“An Irish wedding? Who’s getting married?” Steve asked, his eyebrows pulling together in confusion as he tried to remember. Had Tony told him about this already? “Dugan’s?”
“Can’t wait to find out who that’ll be,” Steve said and James laughed.
my better things. Everything else I do is work. This isn’t.”
“So you wanted to talk to me?” Tony asked. He was nervous. He wasn’t sure if this was going to be a good or bad talk and he couldn’t help but notice how good Steve looked in full gear. His blond hair a little matted to his forehead from wearing the helmet and his slim waist and broad shoulders highlighted by the suspenders.
Steve leaned in to kiss Sarah’s cheek before sitting down with his new plate of eggs and his sandwich. He pulled it apart slightly to put the eggs in the sandwich and bit down happily. Sarah watched her son; he’d always had weird eating habits.
And now Tony had seen him partially naked.
Steve cleared his throat. “I’m sorry. I never should’ve done that.”
Tony said, drinking it like he had been poisoned and this was the antidote. “I know there’s still this business of me being an intruder but could I get an Advil?”
When they were finally full and James had called in Vitaly to make them coffee, they started discussing the real reason why James had asked them there. In all truthfulness he had only wanted to talk to Natalia but he didn’t like the idea of always pulling her away from Maria, so he’d invited her along as well if she was free.
It was an incredibly close angle, mostly he could see shadows cast down on James’ face from the moonlight, reminding him of that first night he’d stayed over at James’ during the snowstorm. James titled his head slightly and the moonlight hit his eyes, making them such a dazzling teal framed by his dark lashes.
James smiled and stood, adjusting his tie and then buttoning his jacket.
Clint was taking a leap here and he knew he risked exposing him if it wasn’t the case but he had to know. And it would make sense, right? Of course they would take them both. James had said Steve was at risk.
“Understatement of the year. Come on,” he said, standing and offering Steve his hand. “Let’s get to work.”
“At least with you, the danger I find myself in has some variety. It’s not just ‘oh the neighbors want to beat us for being deviants.’ Where’s the fun? Where’s the pizzazz?”
The following day Steve and Tony went back to James’ basement to continue gun training with Tony. He had memorized the things Steve had told him the last time which made everything much easier but also offered less opportunities for Steve to be close to Tony. That thought was pushed away as soon as it had popped up in his mind.
“Nothing I can’t handle.” He wasn’t about to go through the list of injuries, he wouldn’t do that to Jones.
Tony pushed himself off the table he was leaning against and walked to Steve who was still grinning at him. Not too sure of how much pain he’d still be in, Tony hugged him carefully until Steve wrapped his arms tightly around him. “It’s so good to see you up and in a suit again,” he said softly, taking a deep breath. There was still the lingering scent of hospital and sanitizer but there was also Steve’s cologne and his soap. It took him some effort and convincing himself to pull away and take a step back. Steve was back. And he was wearing too much.
“I... Pep…” He looked at her with wide eyes and shook his head. He couldn’t say it. It was stupid. Ridiculous. And Steve was heartbroken over James over whatever it was that had happened between them. Those feelings were stupid.
One of Winter’s men approached him and whispered in his ear. Winter sighed and cracked his knuckles, finishing his drink. He turned to Cap, a hand on his shoulder and a sincere smile on his face. Cap matched it.
A few days later, they came again. This time it wasn’t just words they were throwing, not just insults. It was punches and kicks, trying to get a reaction out of him. Though, no matter what he was feeling, Clint wasn’t a quitter and he hadn’t always made the smartest decisions in life so why start now?
!” He said more forcefully when Steve wouldn’t give up. “Stop it. You’re going to hurt yourself! Isn’t this bad enough for you? Shot, stabbed and beaten up?”
Then again he felt rude not waking Clint. He must have heard the door open? Tony put his food down and slowly walked over to Clint, reaching out to touch him.
Back outside Steve helped him into his coat because Tony couldn’t raise his left arm enough. It was frustrating but also a nice gesture.
Steve continued talking after it seemed Tony had processed most of what was said. He didn’t argue and he didn’t look like he was refusing the idea so Steve took it as a win. He sighed and spoke, handing Tony the forks, “As for the other thing—the stress, paranoia, the restlessness, the gnawing in the pit of your stomach. The vivid memories? Well, when that first started happening to us, James and I thought we were going mad. It wasn’t until after the war that I realized it had a name: shellshock. But I’m still waiting for them to change that. To realize more than war can affect a person like this.” He looked over at Tony again.
“No, you won’t. But it’ll be better if you learn to knock and wait for an answer before coming into my room.”
“Falling for you was as natural as leaves falling from trees in fall. I… not because of who you are. And I’m grateful for what you do for me and Benni. But even if you didn’t, I would still feel the same. Warm, safe and protected.”
Loki raised the gun higher, aiming it at Dmitri.
He had spent the last couple of weeks stepping in and out of jewelry stores in between the time he spent handling some last minute business. James had given him the addresses of a few places he knew of as well and Steve was taking some time here and there to inspect them.
“Hmm,” Steve said, laughing into the kiss. “You gonna check on me, huh? Like a nurse? Gonna get yourself one of them outfits?”
“No need to apologize, love,” Steve said quietly, swallowing down his own emotions because this was not about him. “I know and I’m so sorry, my love. Please can I have your hand back?”
Tony had a content smile on his face, it was small and slight but it was there alright, and Clint’s eyes were closed as he spoke, the corners of his mouth tugged upwards. Sarah’s gaze fell to their hands, intertwined and resting on Clint’s thigh, Clint’s thumb still absently moving across Tony’s hand.
,” James said, raising a finger, “one condition. Natalia
Steve would have a hard time restraining himself and for that reason, he would meet with Tony first. See the damage for himself before deciding on a course of action.
Nat leaned up and pressed a kiss to Clint’s cheek. “You don’t know how relieved I am to hear that. I didn’t want you going off to France holding all of that in.”
“He does, doesn’t he? Someone has quite the eye for fashion it seems,” Sarah teased, leaning in to kiss both of their cheeks before dashing off upstairs to help Benni finish getting ready for school.
“Hey, be careful, okay?”
“Aw,” James said sweetly and Clint was already rolling his eyes. “What was that you called me? Oh, right. What a
“Wait till I tell all my friends the head of the Russian mob got on his knees for me,” Clint slurred, halfway asleep.
have to worry about liking each others’ friends since they were already acquainted. Even Chief Fury had signed off on the relationship after meeting Tony one morning when he brought bagels.
“Oh my
was the one who showed up at your door with food and drinks.
“What about dancing? You a fan?”
“As if you really have to ask.”
Steve walked into his home, a little wet from the pouring rain outside, and leaned against the wall. It wasn’t like he didn’t expect his life to be like this. It was more that he wouldn’t mind a month or two without a huge, life-threatening issue. That would be nice.
“When you say it like that, I almost don’t want to talk about them,” Clint said, a small smile on his lips but he was serious. It hurt to hear Tony say ‘just me’. “I have a few, sure, but I also own a bar. Making friends is kind of my business. Speaking of, though, once you’re venturing outside again, a good friend of mine does own a diner I’d like to take you to. Best burgers in all of New York City, I swear.”
“And?” Sam coached.
“Hey,” Steve said bright and early the next morning, jogging down the hallway to catch Rhodey coming out of the locker room.
“Would you like him doing more?”
“Well, good. As I’m sure you know,” he began, walking back to his spot and grabbing his hat, “I don’t take lightly to liars.” He put it back on and then asked for a bag of sandwiches to be wrapped up. “You two, get something too,” he told Dugan and Jones, and then shortly thereafter they left, on to the next place.
,” he said lovingly. “I still love you and nothing will change that.” He winked.
Tony rested his head on Steve’s shoulder for a second, suddenly craving a lot more physical contact from him. Sarah let Benni tell them that he made the soup and how he learned to chop vegetables without supervision. It was very exciting for him and had increased his self-esteem.
James lifted his head to look down at Clint, pressing a hand into the mattress on either side of Clint’s torso to support himself. He bent to kiss him, slow and passionate, pulling away to press another kiss to the tip of his nose.
“Come on, Rhodey, you know I’ve never been good with following orders,” Tony said, as if that was a real defense in any way. “Besides, I’m not disrupting your quiet, I just wanted to do a nice thing for you and the others.”
Steve chuckled and then glanced up at Tony, worried. “Do you have anything else to do? I can find you something else.” He didn’t want Tony to have nothing to do because then he’d be bored and he didn’t want him to go home because then Steve would kill someone.
Steve sighed and let go, moving to sit down on the bed beside the things Tony was folding. He leaned back onto his hands and looked over at him.
“Been a firefighter long?” Tony asked, turning to Steve who was walking just slightly behind them, Rhodey taking the lead in explaining things to Tony and he stopped dead in the middle of his sentence, which Tony had interrupted, and sighed, looking down at the ground.
“I’d love to,” Steve said, leaning down to kiss him.
He turned off the lights but didn’t leave the bathroom, which was probably a good idea. Tony washed himself as much as his aching body would let him. It wasn’t much but anything was better than the state he was in before. He brushed his teeth quickly, despite how dizzy and drowsy he was at that point.
“Hmm,” she hummed as one of her men poured her some tea. She tapped two fingers to the table as he finished, a sign of gratitude. “Tea?”
Tony said, trying his best not to sound too harsh.
“How’s it coming with the
Clint took in Tony’s expression. Seemed neither of them were having particularly good mornings. “That’s the worst. Hope you can still cook with ‘em,” he said, because ‘I’m sorry’ was always so annoying to hear to Clint so he didn’t want to say it himself. “I took some already but thanks. Just… nightmares,” he said, feeling at ease to say that with just James and Tony in the room. “Rolled out of bed, thought it’d be a good idea to land on my leg. This might come as a surprise but it was not a good idea.”
Falsworth flashed a knife, the tip coated in blood. Before Steve could react, he stabbed him again, the other side, and Steve coughed, touching his lip. He tasted blood. He staggered back.
“Not as much as I would’ve liked. A bit around Ireland. Apart from New York, I’ve seen Boston. Got distant relatives there. Maybe one day I’d like to do some more.” He knew better than to ask Tony considering his situation so instead he asked, “Ever been to Italy?”
“Hello, Fitz,” James said with a wide, cheeky grin. Fitz grumbled a hello and promptly left the storeroom to go find Phil although James was already making his way to the front of the bar, Dmitri behind him.
“If he doesn’t make it, neither will any of you,” he said darkly, the blade he’d just used on Falsworth in his hand, still tipped red. He looked at each of them in turn and then left to call Sarah.
He held his hands out for Steve to change the bandages and sanitize the wounds again because that was who his Steve was.
“Tony?” Benni asked on their way upstairs. “Are you alright?”
“He get you pretty bad, Cap?” Jones asked, his eyes roving over Steve. Steve shrugged.
Steve was all too familiar with being touched like that by James and he missed it. It had been years and they didn’t often get moments together as private as this one. It was different from the touches he got from those he spent the night with at James’ brothel, as they were planning to do again now. Those people didn’t know Steve.
And he knew—he wasn’t completely blindsided—that with a relationship would come new things that he would hate but he just assumed they would be little things his partner would say and do. For instance, he didn’t like that Clint tended to talk with his mouth full. But he didn’t
There was also the certainty that Benni would be taken care of and Tony wouldn’t have to worry about leaving him in the care of someone abusive. That was more than he had had a year ago around this time when things started getting worse with Howard.
Tony looked up when he heard him chewing. Maybe eating would help him feel better too? But what if it didn’t? He decided against eating and listened instead. “James doesn’t like anyone when he first meets them,” he said and stared into the middle space between his and Clint’s mattress.
Steve huffed, holding Tony even more firmly and he started a steady rhythm, watching Tony gasp and grimace and he wanted to stop but Tony again told him not to. He sped up and lost himself a little, his fingers digging into Tony’s thighs, one giving him a rough slap on the leg.
drive. Won’t take long.”
“—but I can’t. How do I explain to him that I’m sure that deep down he hates me? All I bring him is badness.” James looked away, feeling a little too exposed by his own words and Steve seemed surprised, to say the least.
James placed a top on his pot of broccoli and turned to Clint, an eyebrow raised as he read his expression and then nodded, his lips forming an understanding ‘oh.’ “Because you’re loud.”
They would go tomorrow night, deciding that although it would make it more difficult to spot Bakuto’s men, the same would be true for them.
Jones pulled the car up in front of the entrance to the department store and Dugan got out to hold the umbrella and open the door for Steve. In public, appearances were so important and especially with the events of the last few months, Steve’s appearance needed to be one of power and grace as it always had been.
“Okay. I’ll wait for that.”
“I’m not,
Tony looked up at her and thought about her words.
“There is also a workout area over there and as you can see, a bar on the far other end for the nights you might not want to go out. Dmitri’s not a bad bartender if you can convince him to make you a few drinks.”
“Rhodey banned us from the house for a while. We just had an incident with him,” Steve admitted, somewhat sheepishly.
It was the perfect meal for a cold day like this. Paired with the red wine Steve had gotten and the bread Tony had baked yesterday, everyone seemed to have a good time and enjoyed their meal.
“I’m okay,” Clint said, giving Tony his usual thumbs up and cheeky grin despite how much the left side of his face ached. He would wait to see what would happen first before he spoke, before he shared with Tony everything he had just learned but in the meantime he repeated fifty-left-twenty-left-down-thirty so he wouldn’t forget.
nerd boy, I have a very scientifically-based theory I’d like to test first. A way to help you sleep.” James grinned and waited and Clint snaked his hand down between them, gently pushing James over onto his back and then reaching to slide his hand under his sleep pants.
“Hello?”
Aintín (Irish Gaelic) - aunt
“Then I’m glad you have Steve,” Clint said honestly. “I’m assuming you at least talk to him about it all?” James nodded. “Okay, good. Now
The first man put the tray down beside Tony and the other came over to Clint, his tray in his hand, and sat it down, crossing his arms over his chest. He stood there in front of Clint, looking down at him. He kicked Clint’s outstretched foot, taunting him.
“I don’t see why we would leave it,” Steve replied, although figuring that it was a rhetorical statement. He brought the cake over nearer to the plates Tony had taken out along with a knife. “Shall I?”
“What... happens next?” Tony wanted to know about his future, about Benni’s future; what would happen once he got out of here. Even if Steve said he didn’t owe him anything, Tony would need to find a way to make it up to him, to show his gratitude.
Tony woke up panicked, only that his panic was silent, showing in his eyes. Hearing Steve’s voice helped.
The fact that the arsonist didn’t seem to be interested in murder was a relief for them all but that didn’t mean they didn’t still consider them a very dangerous threat. They could always change their stance on that at any moment and take out a diner full of customers. Or, on the off chance that Bucky was wrong, burn down something else entirely.
The next few times the men came into Clint and Tony’s room they didn’t bother them for once. They dropped off the food, made a few scathing remarks, but otherwise did not harm them. It was baffling to say the least and Clint wondered if something bigger was about to happen, turning to look at Tony who seemed just as confused by the strange behavior.
Steve sighed into the kiss, one of his hands on the back of Tony’s head and the other on his back, sliding down quickly to the waistline of his trousers. Steve’s lips left Tony’s and moved to his neck, a light nip here and there with his teeth, a nibble on his earlobe.
“What? Of course. Why wouldn’t we?”
“You’re gonna have to throw all that American measuring rubbish out yer head once we get there, love,” Steve said, grinning right back. “And yes. For now that’s it. I’d like it to be a surprise. Is that so bad?” He bent to press a kiss to Tony’s forehead and waited for a response.
It was going on day—or rather night—eight before Steve was spotted longer than a few minutes or just in passing. Everyone was asleep, or so he thought. He’d come home around 3am. He didn’t even have any work to do. He just sat in his office as he did most nights. He told Dugan to go home around ten and after that he just sat with his thoughts.
“Bakuto.”
Steve sat up straighter, starting fixing his hair but Dugan waved his actions away with a hand.
“Where to now?”
Steve hummed but didn’t otherwise comment, almost sensing the negativity Tony was directing towards himself. “It doesn’t make you a bad friend,” Steve decided. “But perhaps you should at least write her or give her a ring and let her know. I think you owe her that at least.”
“It is. Seems she’s been stockpiling information on him for a while.”
Steve asked in Irish.
“It hadn’t occurred to me. Would you want—” Steve began, talking to James, only to be interrupted.
“Hello, you two. Everything alright in here?” Tony asked carefully. Maybe he should have knocked or announced his presence another way. Maybe this was a private conversation and none of his business.
It occurred to Steve how little he still knew about Clint. “Suppose I have to like him now, huh? Now that you two are friends as well,” he said, deciding for the light teasing route of conversation. “Do you want to get away? Right now?”
Steve chuckled. “I most certainly do not want to see your father.” He asked for more coffee and when his cup was refilled, he sipped it slowly, enjoying it. It would not be as good when they took it back and reheated it, that was for sure. He checked his pocket watch. He knew he had an appointment soon. Less of an appointment and more of an execution but semantics.
