“Make sure they know!” Steve calls after him. “Don’t be afraid, now. Tell them all I’m coming for them, too!”
Tony just folds into him, soft and snoozy. “Did you, uh,” he asks, muffled, “did you have fun?”
“You don’t need to be sorry,” Steve says against his skin. “I’ll stop talking about it, all of it. We don’t need to define what we are if you don’t want to.”
Back in the good days, Steve and Tony had once taken a vacation. Not a long one, seven days in a villa in Italy.
“Not the point. Someone might try anything.”
“You’ve bled,” Rumlow points out, lightly ghosting his upper arm with his fingers. They come away red. He’s bleeding, really bleeding, through the robe, and yet – he skitters away from Rumlow’s touch.
He pushes through the throng of people blocking his way. “Tony!” Someone calls, and “From Stark,” says another, trying to grip his wrist, his attention, his ass. He makes a beeline for the small group that’s mingled around Steve, who’s blocked from view. “Excuse me,” he mutters, sliding into the circle.
Steve pokes a pizza box with his toe. Tony stares. “I was asleep?”
Pierce snarls, reaches for it again, and this time Tony strikes him, slashing wildly, catching his cheek deep. Pierce stumbles back, Tony stands, and then they’re both there, opposites. A stand-off. One shaky, drugged omega with bruised ribs and a broken wrist. The head of HYDRA.
Tony blinks at him, uncomprehending. “I don’t know what you mean.”
Gus goes quiet. His eyes slip shut. For a moment, Steve thinks he is dead.
The man’s eyes shift to Tony. He’s alpha; he won’t want to give in, not even to someone like Steve. There’s probably a little war going inside between his hind-brain and his reason, and one of them has got to win out. “It was just a joke,” he says again, like that means something. “I’m not – I can’t.”
“I’m so sorry,” Steve says quietly. “That you died. I never got to tell you how much — how much I loved you, Tony. How much I love you.”
A beat. Tony’s head jerks to look at him; his eyes are wide, rabid, fevered, lined with red. “Yeah,” Steve tells him, quietly, soothing, “I know, Tony. You tried your best.”
Tony brings his knees up to his chest, stares pointedly in the other direction. Shrugs. “Yeah,” he says.
“Stark, if you don’t want to, that’s fine,” Pierce tells him again. “We’ll find someone else. We have Os on retainer for this exact situation of course, but – he’s so strong. And they won’t have suits.” Pierce sighs. “But I suppose, needs must. We’ll try our best, make sure they don’t come in harms way. We’ll try.”
He screams it, and then just screams. It’s embarrassingly pathetic. No one hears him. He doesn’t even feel better for it.
“Uh,” Steve frowns. “I just – I think it’s hot, you know.”
“If I ask for the suit, use it’s default code. 009368881. You got that?”
Steve doesn’t tease him. He comes, and as soon as, Steve is pulling out his fingers. He’s still cupping Tony’s mouth when he smears them, indifferently, against Tony’s cheek.
“You got a problem, Stark?”
“I don’t know,” Rogers frowns. “Do you want me to?”
“Yeah, I know. I know that.” He zips up his coat, pushes his hands into his pockets. “I’m leaving again,” he says. “I don’t know when I’ll be back.”
“I really do. I trust you, didn’t I say?”
Steve draws back. He scratches moss from the floor, rips a part of Gus’ shirt which he no longer has use for, ties it tight around his side. Gus winces, his hands move automatically to clutch at Steve’s shirt.
How far would he let Killian go before he told him no? How far would he let him push him?
“Yeah, and how’s that working out for you?”
“I lost you the day Barnes pulled you out of the Potomac.”
Tony face slowly splits into a smile. He turns on his heel. “Now you’re speaking my language,” he says, wagging his finger in Steve’s direction, “we have a lot to discuss.”
“They’re blue,” Tony tells him, “just in case you were wondering.”
“I suppose,” Nick says, after a time of playing with the cards, “that I was thinking about how all this played out.”
Tony presses closer, nosing between Pierce’s shirt and his skin. He’s lying in bed. The pillows are made of feathers, the sheets are silk. There’s a gag in his mouth, and his wrists are tied with rope. What was it, Ty had said?
“I know that, with time, and the right help, and patience, you can get better.”
The veins on Tony’s face, those red, creeping lines, have receded. But he remains cold. And still. And dead.
Anyway. He drinks tea. He never much cared for coffee; it’s bitter, leaves a funny taste in your mouth he never accustomed to. Once, in cold camps, with damp clothes and 12-hour patrols, he’d probably needed it. But at some point he figured, hey, I don’t like coffee, I don’t need coffee, why bother?
“I know. That upsets me, sometimes. I think, who’s told Tony that he should be quiet in bed?”
“Avenge,” he says absently, staring at the sky.
“YOU HEAR THAT?” Someone shouts through the crush of people “THERE’S RIOTING!”
They reach the lake and Tony’s first thought is this would be a great place to drown myself. His second thought is that Steve and he used to come out here, Before. He remembers, after Ultron, he and Steve had both chosen this spot for the facility because back then there were going to be kids studying here and so Steve had said it would be a great place to swim in the summer.
“Not that picky, obviously,” Steve retorts. “Unless I’m worth picking?”
“So your parents.”
Sarah stops. Looks up. “I don’t know,” she says. “It depended on whether you got better.”
“Come in,” the person behind the door calls out. “From Stark,” Alexander Pierce is saying, taking his hand to kiss his knuckles. “My God. Haven’t you just grown?”
“I was just walking.”
Tony nods. He perches himself on the edge, holds his arms against his stomach. Stares at a point on the ground, frowning. There’s a stain. Wine? Or old blood, maybe, that no one has bothered to clean.
Tony lurches his body, rattles the chair. Pierce shushes him. “Well,” he answers, “you haven’t been entirely truthful with him either, Steven. I know you’ve been poking your nose where it didn’t belong. You should have known there would be consequences.”
Tony blinks; has it really been two years since they went to war? Peter is taller, he thinks. He’s filled out, his voice is deeper. Tony blinks again, and sees that there’s stubble on his jaw. Huh? What? Even Natasha looks like she’s aged. When did that happen? How?
The snow eases up for the drive. Sarah is mostly silent on the way to New York, but she puts on the radio, lets mellow Christmas songs play through the speakers.
“Good boy,” he says, voice warm, as his fingers stretch into Tony’s mouth. “You thanked me well, Stark.”
“Not long. Couple hours. Relax. You want some? It’s your favourite.”
“Well it’s been about two months, sweetheart. And – for what it’s worth, HYDRA isn’t here. No one is trying to kill you.”
He takes his hand and carefully slides it down his own pants, reaching for his hole; wet, as always, and easily taking two fingers. He fucks himself while still kissing Steve’s scrotum, and when he feels dozy and hard, he pulls out his hand and uses it to slick Steve’s cock, working his fist up and down.
“Good.” A beat. “You didn’t have to do that, back there.”
“And let me guess,” Steve snorts, “he wants to biologically engineer your insides. Or wait – no. He wants to show his big surprise, alone in his room. Or, he’s got something that only someone as
“And inhabit my old body? Decaying in the ground? Broken in half. Steve,” Tony says gently “speak sense.”
I KNOW it's a shitty filler chapter and it's really short but i had to just get this stuff out the way. Obviously, next chapter will be all the action stuff, so maybe four more chapters? Idk, my plans usually change.
Steve runs his hands over Tony’s dry hair. It’s brittle, like straw, not lush and shining and thick like it should be.
“Tony!”
“You’re nervous.”
Tony is aware he's being vicious, maybe even cruel. But he's not stupid, he's not -- he's supposed to help, he needs to help, and Steve's not, he won't, it's -- it's just frustrating, it's frustrating and now the evening's been ruined and Tony can't, he won't --
Steve drops him. Abruptly, with no warning, lets him fall to the floor, hit himself hard on the cold metal grilling under the window. He splays out, one sweating palm on the window for purchase, cursing blindly. “Are you insane?!” He spits, starting to stand. “Are you fucking out of your – “
"Well. I'll tell him that, then. Put in a good word."
“No, the year before. I mean — really, the last Christmas.”
Steve laughs, pulls back. He’s crying, and Tony is staring at him like he’s crazy. “Right,” he agrees, “no, I know. I just wanted to thank you, you know? I feel like – I said some stuff, back there, that, uh,” his throat is raw, he swallows back tears, “I didn’t mean. You know I didn’t mean it, don’t you? All that stuff about – wires, and sacrifice, and whatever.”
It’s unsettling, deeply unsettling. He’s dozy, and blinking, and slightly turned on, but he doesn’t want to press the idea of
but it’s not self-pitying. It’s a statement of fact. Random choice, random chance.
“Wait,” Steve blurts, reaching out. “She said — she said her dad is ill, Tony.”
Steve, shamefully, had slammed Tony into the wall. And Tony — packing a lot of muscle at the time, but still not ever enough to beat Steve — had responded the best way he knew how. He’d slapped him, which had hurt, and Steve had seen red. And by the time he’d realised they were kissing, they’d moved to the kitchen counter, and then the bedroom.
"Hey," Steve says softly, taking Tony's wrist "Tony."
He hears Thor and Pierce arguing, distant. “I need, uh,” Steve blinks at him, “I need a – a – “
That still cuts, stupidly. Even after all this time. “If you like Steve so much, why don’t you fuck him?” Tony hisses, ashamed at the petulance in his voice.
Tony had made pancakes. Apologised, and said he wasn't used to sharing a command. Steve had agreed, said he shouldn’t have reacted the way he had, and the whole time all he could think about was the way Tony had throbbed in his hand and the way his neck is still bruised with the marks of his teeth.
“Are you okay? I got in yesterday and Jarvis said he hadn’t even heard from you, not in hours, and that you never came back from Pierce’s party. I worried, sorry, I worried, alright? You know how I get.”
“Oh,” Tony jokes, distantly, not really hearing himself, “are we still talking about your science project or something else?”
"No." Tony says, putting it down. "Listen to me. I have one rule, okay, and it's just one thing that I need you to keep in mind. And I promise, if you remember this, we'll never have this issue again. You ready?"
He finds Thor still up, in conversation with Vision, who is still wearing his black suit. “Good morning,” Steve says, even though it’s still dark out.
“Okay. That can be arranged.” Pierce leans forward, plucks the glass out of his hand. His body presses across Tony’s, enough that he almost squirms away, uncomfortable, instinctive; and then he scents him, almost right at his throat.
Steve grunts. Tony groans, head lolling forward. “I don’t,” he mumbles, “I don’t want to go to the party.”
“Maybe,” Tony says, picking at the buttons of his shirt. It’s not sexual; he’s just exhausted. “Steve, lots of things are transactions. It doesn’t make them wrong.”
“I thought you were a nymphomaniac,” Steve says bluntly. “Or you just had very low self-esteem.”
“That’s not my ultimate fantasy, Steve. I know you have one. Go on,” Tony pouts, dragging his foot up and down the length of Steve’s leg, “tell me. You know it gets me hot to think about all the ways I can serve you.”
“They can’t get out, don’t worry. We’re perfectly safe here.” And he smiles, as if the irony of the situation doesn’t escape him.
“Maybe it’s better that way, too,” Tony tells him, darkly.
He shrugs. His words come back to him, in parts. He could probably say a few now, if he wanted. But not a sentence.
You have my blessing.”
Oof. If
Tony licks his bottom lip. “Do you want to manhandle me?” He asks.
“Great. Great, great, this is great. This
Only alphas think they can demand Tony’s time in that way. “Sorry,” he says, blinking, swallowing his sip of scotch rapidly. “Sorry, were you talking?”
“I worried, at first, I thought – maybe you recognised me.” Pierce tsks. “Those brutes,” he says, “the things they did to you.”
“Yeah,” Tony teases, “I guess I could… take off my clothes. And check.”
“What?” He asks, irritably. “Ghost in the closet? Monster under the bed?”
“He was hurt, fell in the Potomac. He’s been in hospital, Agent 13’s kept me posted. He’ll be discharged in a few, and I imagine you’ll want to be leaving here. Once you’re more…”
“It wasn’t you.” Tony mutters, wincing at the pain, still feeling jittery. “It was nothing you guys did, I just – ” Tony sighs. “Have you ever been scared of commitment?”
“Really though? Because — “ Tony huffs “ — I don’t know if I could face you — you lying, or — “
"I thought," Tony's voice is thick "I thought I had the right answer."
“You’re lying,” he teases, because he can feel him thicken against the small of his back. “I don’t mind, even if it’s the filthiest thing in the world. I can take it.”
He thinks, he could give himself what he wants, if he wanted.
Steve looks at Gus warily. “Are you, are you hurt, somewhere?”
Rhodes looks at him for a long time. “After Wakanda? You were still…”
he tells himself, pulse spiking, palms sweaty,
“Just so I get this clear: you ask me a question you know I can’t answer because you want to give me a little monologue on your favourite decade?”
“Of course. It was after New York, right? The first time we broke up. Right up to the business in Siberia.”
“Shh,” Steve is saying, then. “It’s alright, Stark.” His voice is rough –
“Not really,” he shrugs. “I barely knew him. He was a friend of my father’s, obviously.”
“Late?” Maria asks, raising an eyebrow. “You haven’t been here. At all.”
“I don’t have anyone else,” Steve blurts. “There’s no one else who could — you’re the only one left with experience. Please, Sam.”
Tony frowns, leafs through the pages. It’s all
okay the next one will definitely take longer, i'm not in joking this time.
And when Steve had to hold him at night, when Tony would roll and give him a sleepy smile, it would hurt his chest, make him choke with guilt. He didn’t want this to end, but in his heart he knew the good days were over.
you.”
Tony doubts it. He doubts Nick can even make his own bed in his condition.
“Can I ask a question?”
Lips swollen, red raw, chin slick, pupils blown. He’s back under. Pushing Tony off his chest, rough, letting him slap against the cold floor. He grunts, pulling apart his legs, holding him down with one hand pushed haphazardly against the side of his face, squishing his cheeks. And just fucks into him like that, grunting.
Wetness against his cheek. Tony frowns, mumbles; Pierce touching him with his tongue. He squirms, tries to pull away. “You’re not going to fight me,” he tells him, “you’re going to let me do whatever I want.”
Steve tells Friday to have someone bring up a simple but big breakfast, and its Natasha who arrives at the door with two sandwiches with a chicken and mayo filling. “Can I see him?” She whispers, voice low. “Is he awake? I want to – “
So she takes them to where the cast-offs are kept. Big, slobbering dogs, fat small ones, dogs that people don’t generally choose unless wanting to look charitable. Dogs missing an eye, a leg, dogs with permanent limps.
“Do you like it?” Steve inquires.
Tony sticks out his tongue again, ready for another piece.
(See the end of the chapter for
The blue woman is pulling him, like you’d pull a child on a shopping trip, impatient, annoyed. “You’re the Avengers?” She asks, shortly.
men, under my command, and now – “
He chokes, behind the gag. He throws back his head, scrabbles his feet against the floor.
One of the nurses delivers coffee on a tray. She smiles when she sees Tony. “Good to see you looking so well Mr Stark,” she hums. “I like the beard.”
“I don’t. I just know that you’re not going to let a few puritans undermine your initiative to spite me.”
Steve grunts, picks up Tony’s thighs to pin him against the window, suspended in his grasp; he digs his nails into the soft flesh there, seems to enjoy his gasp of pain when he follows up with another sharp nip at his sweet-spot. Tony can dig his heels into the small of Steve’s back; he can grip his hair, and pull, and savour Steve sounds of pain.
“Right. Yes.” Steve clears his throat. “I was thinking – or I wasn’t, thinking, actually. I can get – carried away, with myself. In the moment. Things get very…”
“Is Wanda a problem? I can move Wanda, Wanda can move. I’ll send her to New York, it’ll be nice for her to live in the city. She can go, you don’t have to share any space with her that you don’t want to,” Steve says immediately. “Tony I want you to get better.”
"Not an inapt reference, but if I remember correctly, the boy likes his pop culture references." Strange's smile is tight, weary. Steve realises, he isn't angry with him; the man bore a burden. It's not gift, to see the future.
“No, you said – are you into this?”
Tony crosses his legs and settles on top of the blanket. “I’m sorry I ran off like that.”
And Tony does sleep. He sleeps all day, and all night, and in the morning he doesn’t get out of bed at all.
“And she’s the only one you’ve told?”
“If you can call it that,” Killian interrupts, standing. He brushes down his jacket, seemingly unnerved. “Captain,” he says, holding out his hand, “an honour, of course.”
Cologne, and cigarette smoke. Scotch. His favourite things, all indelibly fucking marked, scarred onto him. He doesn’t have options, not about anything; everything he is he was made, and not by choice, by someone else selling him there, or touching him here, or marking him in such a way that nothing, not once thing, will ever be as pure or as true as the Tony who probably died in an old man’s bed when he was fifteen –
he thinks, frowning, buffing his eye with his fist.
“Well, you’re a scientist,” the man says, like that’s a given, like it’s simple.
but again, the words sound slurred and messy, and must sound unconvincing.
“You have to have dinner,” he says. “I can have something made for you, nothing huge, just something to tide you over.” And he expects resistance, but Tony just mumbles ‘okay’ and let’s his eyes fall shut.
The alpha gets down on his knees. Tony holds out his hand, and lets him kiss it. “I’m sorry,” he grits out, “From Stark, I apologise for my comment. It was rude, and thoughtless.”
“I just need to see your arm,” Pierce says, apologetically. “It means I’ll need to – the robe.”
Tony throws the bundled up crumpled letter at him. It bounces off his shoulder. “This,” he croaks, covering his eyes with his hands and leaning against his knees.
He punctuates his words with another, well-aimed dig into the strained muscle on Tony’s shoulders. Despite himself, he feels his eyes grow heavy – can’t help it, instinct is a bitch, and instinct wants to tell him that Rogers is looking out for him, is stronger than him, is so much – much better at – uh…
Tony shuts his eyes. “Oh,” he says.
“That’s when you stopped loving me?”
"What?"
The mask drops. The soldier is –
"To have me?"
Tony smiles back, echoes him. His robe has fallen open. He realises – that his arms and legs don’t work. That they’re too heavy to move. He tries to lift his arm to cover himself, and – very slowly, very detached, he can twitch his fingers. Maybe make his hand into a fist. “Hmm?” He frowns down at himself, and then back at Pierce.
I know all about your
With his free hand, Steve cups Tony’s jaw, his open, lax mouth. Two fingers, fucking into him, against his tongue.
“There’s a difference,” Natasha notes. “And it’s companionship, anyway. What going’s to matter in twenty years time? That you’re desperately in love with her, or that she makes you happy, and you can sit together, and you care for her. I know what I would choose.”
“What?”
“Thought you were gone,” Steve mumbles. “Worried.”
“I don’t have friends, either. Or influence. I couldn’t — help. You should ask Steve for what you need. He’ll put you in touch with T’challa, they’ll help keep you under wraps.”
The doctor's fingers probe his head. It hurts. Tony moans softly and tries to push him away. Next thing he knows, there's a stretcher. Things get blurry. He's sitting on a bed.
"What?" Tony says, staring up at him. "What? You think -- " Tony feels himself swarming with fury "you think I -- is this a joke to you? Have you any comprehension of -- " He can barely articulate the words "you ass! Big strong dom, can't get help from anybody, has to protect his precious little sub you fucking neanderthal!"
“Oh, I already know yours,” Steve grumbles, “we all love a bit of
Tony – just blinks, for a while. Pierce’s thumb nail is scratching against the short hairs on his nape. “Fury?” he asks, slowly. “I don’t understand.”
“Yeah, well it regenerated my cells,” Tony says defensively. “I didn’t do it on purpose.” A beat. “You’re, uh – my arm. It hurts.”
“To have this,” he thinks he might say.
“Rumlow,” Pierce ignores him, “if you could leave us. Tony, how are your legs?”
“It’s 2AM. Who is this?”
Usually he would go the grave and lay flowers, but how can he now? Fuck, God he can’t ask Steve. He doesn’t know how he could broach it, and even if there wasn’t all this bad blood… he wouldn’t want to. He wants it to be private, solitary, and he doesn’t want or need Steve’s pressing guilt cloying him up the whole way there and back.
(He wonders if Bucky is watching this at home, or if he’s keeping his promise to turn off when Steve comes on.)
“ – you’re going to go through your life wondering what it is that’s stopped you from reaching out, and making any kind of meaningful connection with anyone, and you might tell yourself it’s because of what happened to you, and what you
In the weeks running up to his death, Tony grew increasingly morbid. “I keep dreaming about a black dog,” he’d say. “You know what that means, Steve?”
“I’ll foot the bill.”
he thinks.
He strokes Tony’s hair, fatherly. “Keep going,” he urges.
Tony picks up his head, blinks at him. “Am I?” He frowns.
He shrugs a single shoulder. “Because I lost. Everything.”
his hair instead of pulling. “Let me hear you whimper some more, Stark.”
“He does,” Tony confirms, careful not to give his mission away. “But I’m not Fury, and I’ve told you I’m fine with what happened. I care more about – the other things.”
“No, sorry,” Tony pinches the bridge of his nose, “you must have missed it – I’m
“This isn’t going to end, you hear me? Not even you can find where I’ve put those tapes. I’ve got digital copies, physical copies, and there is nothing in this world that would make me give them up. Not any meeting, no amount of money, you hear? Not unless I had some guarantee that you and I, that we would be a team. You understand, don’t you?”
Tony accepts this. It isn’t so bad, not having the words. It’s not like people listen to him anyway.
“There’s a shower,” he tells him. “I picked up some – things,” adds, elusively. ‘Things’, Tony discovers, are: a bar of scent-neutralising soap; a brush for scrubbing it from his skin; a pack of razors; a jar of cheap, apple-scented moisturiser in garish pink and red, that Tony would usually never touch, but he appreciates the thought that went into it. He imagines Nick in-between the aisles of a Walmart, hat and hood pulled far over his brow, loading up a basket with omegan toiletries, and allows himself a giggle.
Steve is already moving. “Room service,” the waiter says, and Steve tells him he’ll take it from here.
"Well at least someone does." Tony says, sighing as Steve runs the water through his hair. "That feels so good."
He gags, coughs around the thick skin in his mouth, against his tongue, pushing against the back of his throat. “That’s it,” Steve eases, grunting as he sighs, head back, uncaring of Tony’s distress, “such a good fucking bitch now, huh? Finally learnt your lesson.”
“Touches you how?”
And then, on any given morning, he suddenly can’t bring himself to leave his bed. Mosely wraps himself up across his legs, and Tony will stare vacantly at a wall. These episodes never last more than two days, but but every time they occur is a reminder that Tony is still ill, that there’s no quick cure, that this could go on for the rest of his life if unchecked.
Tony says.
Pierce’s smile is sardonic. “They’re here for you, you know, half of them.”
“Dance for us, Tony,” they laugh, and stand him up, all their fingers stroking as they leave him. He puts out his hands to balance himself, stumbles; his legs aren’t steady, his vertigo is so bad he doesn’t know what is up and what is down. He doesn’t know why he’s standing. He remembers: fear, and braces his arms to fire his repulsors, but there’s no burn, no acrid stench, and he turns to look at his palms. They’re bare. He’s bare. He realises, he’s almost naked.
Tony blinks, slow, uncoordinated, one eye before the other. “I know,” he says, one word dripping after another. “I didn’t try to kill myself because of what other people thought of me.”
“Are you wounded?” She asks. “Do you need medical attention?”
Tony hides his smirk. “Captain,” he says, pointedly, dragging him down the hallways by his tie. He slides into one of the empty lounge rooms, pulls him in after him, rests his back against the door and smiles. “Should I thank you on my knees?” He asks, innocently. “How should I pay my reparation, Captain?”
“You, uh – you ill, From Stark? You need a doctor?”
Pierce grins. He blows smoke in his face. “That’s a good idea, Tony,” he tells him. “We will call Steve, as soon as he gets back. Or, well – maybe a bit after,” he considers. “I might give him a chance, first. And I wouldn’t want you to go to waste.”
Why? Does Bucky know? Is Bucky on – their side? Does he realise who he is, and where he is? Or is this a trick. Is Tony mistaken. It’s possible that the knife has just fallen, delicately balanced on the seat of Tony’s chair, and if he moves an inch it’ll hit the floor and they’ll find it and his chance will be gone.
So, did I leave this for like two years? Yes, I did. But I said I'd finish it eventually!
“I don’t,” Tony hears himself agreeing, softly, “and it’s a hard thing. Thank you, for doing it. For putting yourself through those things, for the good of the rest of us.”
“Then you die. And you join me. And you’ll be happy. But Steve, please do this for me: please try. Leave now, and live your life. Know that when you’re tired, and when it’s time, I’ll be here. We’ll all be here. Each of us dies, but it’s not the end. It won’t be the end, Steve.”
“No, you don’t. Did you do your makeup in the back of a spoon? You look like – Jesus,” he scoffs, “you look like you’re trying to turn tricks. Worse than that – you realise you look like a racoon, right?”
“So you’ve been busy,” Steve says, “that’s good, Tony. I like to see you busy.”
Steve feels a sudden swell in his chest, a rush of affection and love. He stands, tilts Tony's chin up, and kisses him softly, chastely, while Tony sighs against his lips. "Bed," he says "just you and me. And we'll see what I can do about this." Steve grasps at Tony's length, the other man thrusting slightly into his hand, gasping. "I just want to take care of you tonight, Tony," he draws away "I want to give something back."
“Kitchen.” He breathes “I just have to, to – ”
And he signs off.
“Uh huh,” Tony slurs, nodding. He likes whatever Steve likes.
Tony shoots up, almost banging his head on the cabinet on the wall. “You’re not supposed to
“After,” Tony agrees, and he feels slightly breathless, dizzy from the twist with Steve’s and Pierce’s scents intermingled in his nostrils. “Schmooze,” he says, rolling the word over his tongue, “hah! Aren’t you just a regular political player these days, Steve.”
“I keep you safe, don’t I Tony?”
He had thought, stupidly, that he could make it better. Just like that. That a bit of love, companionship, hope, that all of this could fix him, make him see just how much he had to live for. He viewed Tony’s attempt to take his own life as a fluke, a one off, he imagined that Tony regretted it to no end and he would come round with some work, that he would happily go back to work and maybe even one day, come back to Steve too.
There aren’t any. There are lots of his eyes, and hands. A few of his – legs? His head, pillowed on his arms, eyes crinkled, and the slope of his back when he’s lying in bed.
She tugs Tony forward, pushes him slightly, letting him stumble. “The wizard said he was important. Has to be important, because he traded the stone for his life.”
“Go on.” Natasha prompts. “Take some. I put a lot of work into that.”
“Okay,” Steve tells him, simply. “Okay, you can be sorry. It’s alright.”
Tony whimpers. His hands are in his hair. “No,” he mutters “no fucking way.”
They’re sitting at the table in the kitchen. Sarah is scrolling through the tablet Tony bought her — it’s not that money was tight for them before, exactly, but there was an appreciation that they couldn’t spend on frivolous luxuries. Now that Tony has more money than he knows what to do with, he’s happy to give something back.
Other times are spent in blind panic. What is he doing here, why is he here? The Chitauri could be coming any moment, marching down streets, opening wormholes in the sky. He can’t build a suit out of the books they give him. The window in his room is too wide, it shows too much, he wants it to be closed, and he wants to be safe. What’s the most defensible corner of a square? He picks one on the wall with the door so no one can see him when they enter, so he can at least have the element of surprise. HYDRA can try and take his secrets but he can always have the jump on them, at least.
"It's not your job. It's your choice. You choose to help me because you're my dom and I choose to help you because I'm your sub, not because -- "
The name sounds strange on his lips, like his mouth isn’t used to making the word, foreign to Tony’s ears. Not Stark, or omega, or bitch, or anything else. “Like what?” He asks, gently.
Or at least, he thinks he does. Tony’s a light sleeper; rarely does he go a night without something disturbing him. Steve always tries to be quiet – he’ll carefully peel back the covers, disentangle himself from Tony’s limbs, calves between thighs, hands around waists. Quietly pick up his clothes (sometimes the clink of his belt will give him away) and leave, naked, silent. Only his scent and the remains of his spend, leaking between Tony’s legs, will let you know he was ever there at all.
Steve is awoken by a bright, bright light. It’s not natural, it’s white, and it’s shining down the hole.
He tries to smooth down his hair (he needs a shower, but they won’t let him go alone, and Tony doesn’t want to put Steve in the position where he’s forced to watch) and rubs at his face to bring colour to his cheek. It doesn’t help that the only clothes they seem to give him are simple cotton numbers, big sweaters and slacks, the odd button-down. Natasha keeps saying that she will take him shopping, but such a day has failed to materialise and besides, he would be too scared to leave the compound looking like this anyway.
Steve smiles. “You had a family?”
“Yeah,” Steve smirks. “I thought so.”
Tony squeezes himself, spreads his legs. “You’re always rough,” he mutters, grinding the flat of his palm against his shaft.
Steve smiles. “Clint,” he says, and he tries to say something else.
This tugs something in Steve, reminds him. “I need you to fill his position,” he says. “Liaison with Ross.”
anyway, your opinions, as always, are the only things that keep me posting!
“Tony,” he says again, and this time, he knows it’s gone through. He holds his wrist close to Steve’s nose; he recoils slightly, wrinkles his face.
Tony's relaxes like someone's pumped a drug in his system. "Thank you." He says "Thank you, Steve."
Steve frowns at the mess, grips Tony’s hair. “Bad boy,” he says, forcing his face into, smearing him into the ground like a rag. He grinds him against it, then releases him to lick up the rest with his tongue.
Steve stares. He clears his throat. “Pepper,” he starts.
“And then what.”
Steve is digging the tips of his fingers into the soft skin, scruffing him like a naughty puppy. It
Tony’s passed out on his side of the bed and he’s stolen most of the sheets. “That’s thieving, you know,” Steve says, lowly.
In a secluded hallway, he crawls behind a heavy red curtain, pushes himself between the wall and the window, and curls up like a child.
“You tired, Tony?” God, Steve sure is asking him a lot of questions.
goes unsaid.
“You sure?”
Tony tries to smack him away out of sheer panic; he must stink of it, distress and fear and pain. He thinks he might choke on vomit, heart jack-hammering uncomfortably against the casing. “Let me explain,” Killian says, drawing out a – syringe, from his jacket. “This is going to do one of two things: it’s going to react with your DNA, unsustainably. Cause rapid decay, perhaps some unpredictable mutations. You will die, painfully, but not before it explodes, killing you and everyone in this building that isn’t immune, understand?”
“I mean – the scent of me,” Tony corrects, awkwardly. “It isn’t – I know I remind you of home because I’m old-school, right, but it’s not because… I don’t remind you of...”
“Punished him,” Tony murmurs, eyes cloaked, watching Steve’s every move.
“Can it kill you?”
“Then why haven’t you killed yourself?”
Rumlow must be wearing leather gloves. He slides his hand across Tony’s naked shoulders, up his nape, fists in his hair. Pulls back his head. “Look at me,” he orders, viciously.
At the end of the hour, when Sarah is ready to leave, she asks if Mosely likes to play fetch. Tony admits he doesn’t know, because he doesn’t like anyone else walking him, and he can’t really throw and catch a ball with his hands the way they are.
Steve doesn't tell Tony this, but there is a method to these scenes. Subs are more receptive to ideas when they're in the space. At some point -- or many, over the years -- Tony has been told things while under that have lead to negative impressions of himself. You're stupid, you're worthless. Bad boy, bad boy, bad boy. Steve didn't notice, when they first met, because it's difficult to tell. But once he started taking Tony down himself, it became clear. The crying, the difficulty to drop. The fear of it. His revulsion towards contracts. None of it natural, but also not unexpected.
"You are concussed, do you understand me?"
He thinks she’s trying to shock him. Doesn’t she realise he doesn’t care? It’s not that he wants the pain; he doesn’t. He is scared. He does not want to spend the rest of his life down here being carved into by a maniac. If he’s honest with himself, there’s a part of him that wants to sink to his knees and beg. But he won’t. Doesn’t she understand that he doesn’t care that she wants revenge? Can’t she see that?
Tony frowns, lassitude making his lips loose. “Steve,” he asks, “have you been reading those relationship books?”
Rumlow works his jaw. He’s big – bigger than Steve, in a way, even though Steve would be stronger. “You sure are a little bitch, huh?”
“And if she was omega?”
“Stark,” Fury says sharply, taking his arm. “
“Your name? Sorry, it’s just – I don’t think I’ve heard of your work.”
Tony sits up, the water swishing around him. "Hey, no." He says "That's, it's fine. It's good, I mean, is there anything I can do to help? I have some contacts if that's what you need."
The difference, however, is that your father loves you. And so do I. But what I feel... it is not the love a mother should feel for her child, certainly. When I say I am sorry, I say it almost from an objective viewpoint. Any outsider would weep if they saw what we did to you. How we send away the only man that ever cared for you in this house, the only person that ever injected interest into your life, and didn’t tell you where he went.
He’s reading the paper, coffee in hand. Something about — an erupting volcano, mid-terms, corruption somewhere involving off-short accounts. Nice and boring, and typical. “Tony?” Sarah says, gently.
Steve comes. Just like that, inside him. He screams it, back bowed, knees bent, wrenched from his mouth. Tony doesn’t let up. Calmly, he just keeps fucking him slowly through it until Steve’s eyes are open and wet and his mouth is a lax ‘O’, lips swollen, cheeks flushed.
“I did, really?”
He pokes the wet silk with his tongue, forces it out of his mouth, tasting of scotch. It falls into his lap. He picks up his head.
“I know,” Sarah says quietly. She rubs Tony’s arm. “But it’s okay, now.”
“So I returned those children to their cells. They must have died a few days later. And Mother turned me.”
Tony is silent. He worries his lip. “Yeah,” he mumbles “that’s what I figured, too.”
"I was thinking," Steve says, moving to wash the suds from Tony's hair "what do you say about a holiday?"
"Where did my sweetheart go?" Steve teases. "You're only nice to me when you're under."
He shuffles closer. Carefully peels the fabric down over Tony’s shoulder, exposing the right side of his body. He winces. “Oh, Tony,” he says, “this is worse than I thought.”
“Perfect,” Steve sighs, sliding beneath the bubbles. “You’re perfect, Tony.”
but it’s wheezed, his nails scratching into Steve’s back,
He begins to massage the foam into Tony's hair, and Tony feels himself purr, hears the soft, low noises coming from somewhere deep in his chest. "It's good," he slurs "the, the gag. We should do it again."
He rolls onto his back. “You could do better,” he says shortly, staring at the ceiling.
“Then blue it is. You’d like wearin’ them for me,” he tells him, voice rough. “You’ll like the how they feel, after your ass is all red and hot, and they’re so smooth and silky.”
him to sell? What do you think I was, some kind of wunderkind? Shut up, I know I was, I mean – as if he would listen to a kid omega, barely heating, with what to do with his own damn stock.”
“Always,” Steve answers readily. “Forever. Tony, do you forgive me?”
Steve doesn’t look at him, and it’s the last thing he hears him say.
There’s a seat left empty for Natasha. When Pepper speaks, Morgan sits with Rhodey; she’s fiddling with a rubix cube, legs swinging, too short to reach the ground. “Poor thing,” Sam murmurs, “she doesn’t understand.”
“I’m not saying it needs to be long term,” Fury continues, resolutely, reasonably. “A year. Six months.”
Tony thinks it’s a relief. A release. He flicks his eyes to Steve’s finally, and they’re red. Even though he sounds so angry, scents like he could kill, Tony’s never felt so safe. Never, not ever. “It’s been rough,” he admits, “since you left. I haven’t been the same. I don’t know if it’s – what happened, or the helicarrier, I just… all those months.”
He’s not joking. There’s something careless about the way he says it, blasé. He can imagine Steve having done that before, to a bratty omega, acting out on the field.
Gus blinks as if he fears Steve has turned delusional with heat.
“I maintain what I say. It’s not good for you, or your reputation, or ours.” A beat; “Mr Murray. He’s not a nice man, Tony.”
His lips are dry. They’re slack. Tony kisses him, and Pierce doesn’t kiss him back.
There’s only a touch of bite in his tone. Steve should count himself lucky.
“Well, at least someone is looking out for you.”
“I don’t know. You were one of the first omegas I’d spoken to since – before. And you were reassuring, I think, in your own weird way. You didn’t listen to instructions, and I liked that, even when it made me mad. You’re like the others,” he seems to realise, “at camp, at parties. You know what you want, and how to get it, and you’re not – docile. Bred to be docile, I mean.”
Steve gently smoothes Tony's hair. "It's okay." He says "We keep going. Still green?"
“No, Tony,” Steve says firmly. “Keep your eyes here. Look at me. At me, that’s it. Just keep looking here, nowhere else.”
“It’s alright,” he would would whisper. “I know, I know babe. I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.”
“I didn’t know you wore makeup,” he says, reservedly, discarding the wipe and picking up a new one.
“There are pads,” Tony tells him, blinking, spaced out. “In the bottom drawer.”
“Leave me alone, Rogers.” He realises he had nail marks crescent-ed around his mouth and cheeks. He rests his chin on his hand to hide them, hope Steve hasn’t noticed.
"Right. Basically, yeah. It was like stress relief, almost. I mean, it was never sexual. And I think -- I think it could be beneficial to both of us."
Tony moves to the sink, turns it on using his wrists, and runs his bloody hands under the cold water. “That’s not the – yeah it was obvious." Steve admits "We’ve all been there. No one’s judging.”
You are also immensely kind, Tony. Immeasurably. That I have seen since you were a child. And if even I have seen it, you can be sure it’s real because I barely ever saw you at all. I see less of it in you today, because life has dulled your kindness at the edges. Life has taken that spark you carried with you and eroded it into something round and no longer sharp. It is easier to be cruel, I know. But you're my son, and I was kind once. And your father can be. I won't pretend you've won the luck of the draw with genetics, Tony, but on that count we don't entirely fail.
He throws up again, more alcohol, except Steve is crouching in front of him so most it – oh no. He hears him sigh, sees him shut his eyes.
At the end of those three weeks, Steve says he has a mission. Top secret, unless you’re Tony – he and Natasha are heading out, some emergency called ‘Lemurian Star’. He might be gone a few days. Gently, he suggests Tony takes up Pierce on his offer for his granddaughter’s birthday party. Tony doesn’t want to go. He doesn’t want to see Pierce, or any of them. He wants to stay in Steve’s apartment, in his room, in his bed, in his arms, where he knows it’s safe, always.
“I love you, Tony,” Steve tells him.
“I talked to Fury today,” Tony starts, not bothering to check if Steve is listening; he will be. Rolling up his sleeves, he pours out two fingers of scotch into separate glasses, carries it down to the couches.
Pierce moves off, carefully lowers him down. He picks up his legs and arranges them on the couch. There’s a cushion beneath his head; it scents like Pierce, but sharper. Colours bloom behind his eyes, he’s dizzy with exhaustion. He’s draped in Pierce’s coat. It smells like aftershave. His dreams are strange.
“Easy,” someone tells him, voice all rough. They lay a cold towel on his head.
This time, only Steve drives Tony, and he takes the passenger seat. He doesn’t ask where they’re going, but Steve emphasises that they’re going to a kennel to pick a dog and if Tony doesn’t want to that’s fine, but Steve has always liked a dog, and so he’d like Tony’s help picking one. Tony rolls his head, glares at him.
Tony doesn’t like DC. Times like this, he misses Malibu, his wide open home, his quiet street, the private stretch of beach. His fortress, overlooking the ocean. New York, he can manage – he grew up there. But here, the alphas in suits and dark glasses, the betas with brand new cellphones and heel clicking on concrete – he doesn’t like it. It’s politics, he decides. It’s the politics he hates.
And they give out, just about. Pierce wraps his arm around his waist, has Rumlow slide himself against his other side. Tony wants to recoil. “Is he going to be okay?” He asks, because he can still hear Steve roaring, the thumping vibrations of his body as he screams for Tony, throwing himself against the walls.
“I can see I’m boring you,” Fury calls, breaking Tony’s reverie. “Seeing as From Stark has lost his focus, now would be as good a time as any to take a break.”
“Right,” Tony says, weakly. He stares past Natasha’s head. Peter waves.
“Not just tech! I wouldn’t —
He hurts very deeply, inside himself. It’s very hard to stretch out an arm, pat along with plate, and clumsily collect some apple between his fingers. He gets tired mid chew. He falls asleep like that, apple spilling out across his pillow.
One morning, he wakes up and finds the whole compound covered in snow. For the first time in a long time, without realising it, he is eager to wake up. He wraps up warm, doesn’t bother with a leash, and sets Mosely wild on the snow. He rolls and jumps and sinks in a few places, but for the most part Tony can see that he fucking loves it, and that makes Tony smile too.
“So look who decided to join the land of the living.”
After he’s heard his footsteps retreat, the elevator pull away, he reaches forward, picks it up. It’s wrapped in old newspaper, which is funny, even if Tony doesn’t know why. Tied with string. He pulls on it. An album? No. A sketchbook.
“You need to have breakfast tomorrow. I’ll have someone bring it up.”
“Must have. But like I say, you probably needed it.”
“Back at HQ, I have — I have a dog. His name is Mosely. Could you go by and just see how he’s doing?”
Tony drops the glass onto the carpet, unthinking. "Sorry." He says. "That was stupid. Let me get a towel -- "
Also, it took nearly 50,000 words to get here
"Oh of course," Steve snorts "I'm just your boytoy."
“You want me to rustle up something?”
Steve swallows, then clears his throat. “You said something about a bath.”
“I was taught how to apologise pretty,” Tony says from under his lashes, “but they also taught me how to thank pretty, too. Do you want to see me thank you, Sir?”
“It’s not just your behalf.” Steve takes back his palm. “Please go rest. You smell stressed. Ignore me making it worse, okay?”
“That’s enough,” he says abruptly. His fingers, light at the back of his head, loosening the gag and dragging it away. Tony rolls his jaw, hears it crack. “Thanks,” he says.
He picks up the pack, draws out another cigarette, and decides to torture himself some more if only to avoid talking. It takes him a while to catch the tip with the lighter, hands shaking. The smoke takes him to another place. And that vacant empty feeling he felt after, like he’d been gouged, mingles with the scent of his father’s study, his old cigars. He had been safe. It had felt safe.
“You smell like soup.”
“He was up in the morning. He ate breakfast, perfectly fine. At some point… he went back to bed, and hasn’t responded since. I don’t know if you can talk some sense into him, I just think — he’s doing so well, he
“Jesus, Tony, how — “
He clasps his hands together, like he’s begging. “Captain,” he starts, “I’m so, so grateful for what you did back there. No one’s ever stood up for me like that before.” He’s only half-lying. In fact, he’s not lying at all.
Tony blinks up at the greyish ceiling above him. Not a ceiling -- wait, no. Where is he? He raises his hands, slaps them against the sides of the -- coffin? Is he dead? God, no, please don't let him be dead. Please don't let them have buried him alive, he doesn't know how to get out of a --
Tony picks up his hand, examines the palm, softly. “You’re a silly boy, did you know that?” He murmurs.
He doesn’t know what he dreams. But it’s murky, and bloody, and oh-so sickly. He kicks and scrabbles against the tangle that’s holding him back, whatever it is. All their hands, maybe.
He doesn’t know
Tony's improved so much. He's so proud. The first time Steve took him under -- not worked him through a drop, but really took him under of his own accord -- Tony had sobbed, and apologised, and broken down despite doing nothing wrong. Not long after that, he and Tony began their relationship.
He doesn’t reply. And he leaves the gift on the coffee table.
“Okay, Nat, we’re good to go,” he says.
Tony opens his mouth and sticks out his tongue like the dumb fucking slut he is. His brain is cooked out, not working; it doesn’t even occur to him until Steve is using him like a fucktoy, steering from his hair, that he was close to knotting.
“It’s just…” Steve shrugs a shoulder. “I don’t know what I did to make you hate me so bad. Maybe I’ve just got one of those faces.”
“I talk about what I know to be Valhalla. It’s not a term I coined, Steven. The humans who worshipped us, they created Valhalla. It was their name for the afterlife. The one afterlife, it would seem.”
“Well, your loyalty is charming, but really – “ Pierce is leaning forward, glaring at Ross, “me and the general have been over this, and we agreed your
Steve nods, swallows. They will. They deserve it, his family. His
but he’s not sure.
“Then talk to me,” Tony decides, spontaneously. “Tell me. You can tell me, Steve, everything. Let me help you.”
Tony leans back into fifteen years of deportment lessons. “A pleasure,” he says, letting him kiss his hand. “So long as you take care of him.”
“Why?”
Tony figures he lucks out when Sarah walks through the door. Crouches down, rests a hand on his knee; he flinches, hard. He feels feral now, not even human, and none of the fancy doctors and clean wide halls could ever fix that. He’s barely even human.
Rhodes grunts, pulling apart the breastplate. “Some help,” he says, and the kid crouches, scuttles closer, unafraid of the death. He helps Rhodes lever it down, gently, careful not to disturb the body. The clothes underneath have been charred and burned, the skin mottled, blistered.
He could. He could call this all off now. Future Tony would probably thank him for staving off the inevitable terrible ramifications of sleeping with Captain America. But Steve says, ‘tell me stop’, like he expects it. Like he thinks Tony can’t take it.
He fingers tighten, but he makes no move to put Tony on his hands and knees, even though he’s wet and ready. “C’mon,” Tony urges, grinding himself against him. “It’ll help, Steve.”
he’s chattering, frantic. “All of them, him,
“I’m gonna tell you. First thing he said to me when – Peter, you don’t understand what you meant to him. And I’m not going to – it’s been a long day,” Steve finishes. “You were his future, Parker. Look at me, Peter. Son.”
“Am I?”
But his knees are aching, his back is stiff, he can’t speak at all. He’s licking desperately at the tips of Steve’s fingers, eyes rolling back into his head, and –
“We miss you, Bruce. All of us. You could come back.”
Tony halts, looking back. "Thank you." He nods at the nurse.
“It’s fine, Steve. Duty calls. Or, it called. I was the one who convinced you to take up with Pierce’s STRIKE team anyway.” And doesn’t he just live to regret it every day.
“Are you doing what I think you’re doing?”
“Steve,” Tony soothes, “Steve Rogers, it’s okay. Here,” he rests his hands on Steve’s cheeks, wipes his tears. “You’re safe now, aren’t you Steve? Safe right now, in this bed.”
“No problem.” Tony replied easily. “This is what I always wanted.”
“Didn’t kill.”
“Bucky!”
“Really? Because I’ve got the wrists to prove it.”
“I’m not a god, Steve. I am a person, like any other. But around the universe, there are… different species of human.”
“But then he was. That’s pure Darwinism in action, Steve. He was born poor, and normal, and through sheer – talent, and some fucking charm, he made it to the top. The alpha-est alpha. And he snapped up my mom, because that’s how you establish yourself.”
The man swallows, Steve’s fingers digging into his skin. “I need to – I’ve just remembered – “
“You think I’m qualified to answer this question?”
“Thanks,” he says, gratefully. He sits next to her. “Hi, Tony,” he says quietly.
Quiet, again.
“Oh,” Tony breathes, climbing down to his knees, shuffling closer, “shh,” he soothes him, “shh, Steve, it’s alright, isn’t it? Here,” he eases his head carefully into the join of shoulder and neck, strokes his hair again and again. “It’s going to be okay. Easy, big boy. You’re okay. I know you’re going to be okay.”
“And you’re a sloppy whore.”
“And here, on the spot where his family is buried, we see a great life come to an end. A hero.”
As I was saying, I do not excuse how your father and I have treated you. To grow up without parents is unforgivable. To grow up unloved is abhorrent. To grow up with two alcoholic parents is horrific. And I cannot put onto paper the weight of the injustice thrown upon you by us, made worse by the fact that it was completely avoidable.
Pepper’s eyes are glossy. “Well, thank you,” she says, clearing her throat, taking the box from his hands, “but I really insist you should stay for dinner.”
Steve stands, and the table shakes. The gun is pressed to the back of Tony’s head. Pierce holds out his hand, warning.
Pierce looks at him, strangely. “You,” he says, voice soft, confused, like he doesn’t understand how Tony didn’t reach that conclusion.
“We wish him well,” the rest of them murmur in unison.
Eventually: “What is this,” Steve asks. His voice is level. Calm, almost. Which feel unbearably dangerous. He seems to realise that Tony can’t possibly answer, so instead he asks, “is this from a contract?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He injects the aether into a frazzled Jane Foster.
“Hi,” Tony whispers.
“Oh, and I’ll bet your sorry,” Tony sneers. “I can see it now, hell, I’ve hallucinated it enough. You’ll get that – that fucking look you get, the little crease between your eyebrows? Yeah, it’s cute. Not that you’re – I meant that in a patronising way. I don’t think you’re cute.”
“I’m just – you know, enquiring,” he shrugs, “Pierce mentioned something about a neighbour – “
Tony thinks.
You don’t have to do this.”
I can’t stop seeing it. I want to stop seeing it. I want to tear out my eyes – “
“I… don’t quite understand.”
“Tony was happy. No one else was, but – he managed it. Had his wife. Had his daughter. I put ideas in his head, I – practically made him. I signed his death warrant.”
“Huh?”
You’re not
“Sorry I missed the party.”
“Enough.”
The nurse sighs. "You were just a little dehydrated Mr Stark, and it's the last thing you need with a head injury like yours."
Tony looks up, adrenalin spiking. “Fuck.”
“Thank you.”
“You want to do more than kiss me,” Pierce tells him, voice kind, and warm. “You want to feel safe. You know that only I can make you safe. Only I can protect you.”
“Can’t remember.”
“I can’t protect you,” Pierce says, sadly. “I can’t help you, Tony. Not while the Captain thinks you’re his.”
The scars on Gus’ chest have healed partially. They’ve risen, forming bumps across his chest. It’s a beautiful design, Steve cannot deny.
Tony nearly bursts a blood vessel. “Fuck you,” he spits. “Fuck both of you.”
Tony presses. “He arranged it, I had to pay – pay reparation,” and he feels his gorge rising, covers his mouth with his hand. His head spins, his stomach revolts, and –
A beat. “I used to think that you were good. I mean — that you were kind, and — and that nothing could come close to you. Certainly not me.”
But then he’s wrapping his flamed hand around his neck, squeezing. And Tony’s – the skin of his throat catches fire while he chokes to death. He’s screaming in agony, but he can’t breathe. His hair is plastered to his head, his scent is raw fear, and Killian starts prepping the syringe with his teeth, splitting his fingers so he can place inject right into Tony’s throat.
“Sometimes – he touches me.”
Another week. Steve works out.
responsive, Tony.” Fingers gripping his chin. Pulse slow, and steady. He wants to panic. He wishes he could panic.
This is the fool Thanos saw as equal. He showed this man more respect in one fight than he showed Nebula her entire life. And yet, he she is, still with fire in her heart, while this idiot gabbles and tears at his clothes and weeps at his hands like a mother with the blood of her baby on her palms.
of seasonal clothing trends and exactly how hurtful bloggers can be when you’re wearing last year’s coat. “I’ll make it up to you,” he smiles.
"How is he?" Natasha asks.
“Where are you? Chopper’s set to leave.”
“You call me Capsicle.”
Tony shrugs. “We’re not dating, Steve.”
But he’s not awake. He clamps his hands over his ears, rolls and gets the sheet twisted around his waist. Tony tries to scramble back, shielding his eyes from the glare. “Jarvis!” He screams, “turn it off!”
he growls, “don’t know what you want.”
“How are you holding up?”
“I’m not a kid,” he says bluntly. “Fucked up, yes, but not a child. Don’t talk to me like that.”
Pierce smells like lemons and shoe polish. Tony – grips his hand. “It’s fine, Alexander,” he hears himself say, only realising after he’d skipped formality and gone straight to the first name basis. “I trust you.”
“You can’t remember?”
“And the other one?” Rhodes asks. “You did both?”
“Yeah,” Steve agrees. “I guess we are.”
“You want to give up,” Nebula scoffs. “You want to go back to your planet and curl up in a bed and weep – “
Imagine what he else he could do, it he was pushed in the right direction.
“Why were you upset?” Steve doesn’t
“We’ve been calling him Thor but – “ the girl blushes slightly. “I don’t know. You might want to change that.”
"Tip back your head for me -- that's it. Good boy."
“I assume he hasn’t told you anything about the risk?” Pierce continues. “He hasn’t told you what that drug does to an alpha, I presume. What happens when you throw in an O, leave them to be – Tony, if he was anyone else, and you were willing, I’d okay it. But he’s stronger than ten men. There’s every chance he’ll rip you apart.”
“Well stop forgetting,” Sarah spits, pushing him slightly. “You can be selfish sometimes, you know that? Next time, leave a note. Or wake me up. Or here’s a thought, don’t go at all.”
“Within limits. I can – push him,” Tony admits, reluctantly. “Probably. So long as he feels he’s in control.”
“Sure, maybe. It’s probably more complicated than that,” Tony says, without outright saying that it’s mostly breedist nonsense. “I mean, what about female alphas? They exist. So where would they fit?”
The alpha is nuzzling Tony’s ear. “Sweetie,” he says, “is it important? Can it wait?”
“I know. But what’s the use in comparing you to everyone else, Tony, it’s not a level-playing field. There’s nothing compare against, not yet.” A pause. And then: “I would like to make it a level-playing field.”
for it.”
“Because it’s a ceremony. Why else?”
“It’s embarrassing.”
“They took Strange. Stephen Strange he’s a – long story, but he has the time stone and they’ve taken him. Tony went with them, but – Jesus, Steve, I don’t think we’re ever going to see him again – “
“No,” Tony blurts “yes, sorry. Yeah, thinking. Uh,” he throws the device in the air, catches it deftly. “There. Fixed it. Keyed to my biosignature, sorry. What was that about someone chasing you?”
In his dreams, this bunker is locked and buried. There are no friendly faces, or apple slices. There’s only Pierce.
but his stomach contracts and he can’t stop himself, again.
“What you
Tony grins. “Exactly.”
Steve stares. "What?"
He knows Steve will be in the lounge, pencil in hand, sketching people and patterns into the new book Tony bought him on his business trip in Japan, the one with the absurd GSM and cream-laden pages. It’s a Friday evening; this is where Steve always is. Other alpha Steve’s age – they might go to bars, or clubs, or stay in watching TV with their sweetheart.
Tony doesn’t vomit when he’s drunk. He can handle his liquor a lot better than that; he’s been drinking since he was fourteen. He tells Steve this, and Steve sort of sighs, rolls up to the bar and pours him a cup of water in a crystal whiskey glass.
So when Sarah arrives, promptly, she can see Tony is agitated. It’s not that his hands are shaking more than usual, but he’s distracted enough that he keeps missing the ball. Mosely, at least, has a good time. Sarah is a good throw, and he loves bounding off into the snow, disappearing, and then shoving his head out, tongue wagging, ear flopping, ball held victoriously in his mouth.
He thinks –
"I'm sorry." He says again "Steve? Did you hear? Please, it was a stupid -- stupid idea. I didn't mean -- didn't want -- " Steve realises that every second he's sat thinking, Tony's pleas have grown more fervent. "I can still be good." He says "I can make it, just make it better." He's squirming slightly, pushing forward, trying to seek Steve out.
Richards winces, looks away. “I was high. We all were. Even if – I couldn’t tell, when it crossed the line.”
It shouldn’t matter. He and Tony are done. Even if Tony felt the same way as him, it would… be wrong. To initiate that, with a man who so clearly doesn’t know what he wants, who would do anything, unpredictable.
he doesn’t feel safe. At best, it’s just because he’s embarrassed himself enough already, and doesn’t want to face Pierce so soon. At worst – he can’t explain it. Like the hairs on the back of his neck are standing on end. Like, the walls have eyes. Like he’s being watched, or worse. Pierce’s coat is still slung over the back of a chair in Steve’s kitchen. He should return it. He needs to return it.
He bites his lip. Tony can feel him start to tense, doesn’t stop taking him in his mouth, pushing his tongue along the underside of his shaft. “That’s it,” he saying, voice hard, fingers wrapping in Tony’s hair, finally. “That’s it, fucking hell. Yes, come on now. C’mon,”
“Then why?” Steve blurts. “Tony? Tony please, why?”
he’s so stiff. Panicky, like a spooked animal, he shuffles on his knees, tilts up his chin, blinking up at Steve. “Easy now,” Steve is soothing, “easy, Stark. Relax. Let it happen.” He’s cupping Tony’s jaw, his thumb tracing the slight bulge in Tony’s throat from accommodating the – the entirety of Steve’s knot, lips pressed to his groin in a constant kiss, his balls heavy against Tony’s chin.
Steve is chewing his bottom lip, which would be sweet under other circumstances. “There were things in there,” he says, “about after you first – “
“You look fine,” Steve assures, which is technically true by Tony’s new standard.
Steve sets down the remote. “You’re not angry, are you?”
Steve shrugs. “Depends,” he says, almost lazy, “do you want it to be?”
He drops the knife.
“I know,” Tony says. “It’s better that way.”
“It’s different. They knew – and I knew, from a very young age – that I was going to be married off to someone for some kind of gain. Because that’s what the alpha-est alphas do to their omegas. They give them to other alpha, so they shore up their accounts, and their… rivalries, if you can call them that. It’s all very game of thrones, Steve.”
“Crazy?”
I love you. You are my only child. You are the only legacy I have left to give. And I should have chased you tonight. After Howard smashed that bottle on your head, I should have chased you down. Told you this in person. Maybe you won't read this for many, many years. Maybe after Howard dies we grow close. I would like that, Tony. To get to know you as a friend. God knows, I've failed you as a mother. I want to see the man you will grow to be.
“Why not? It’s how I make connections, Steve. I use what I have, I’ve – “ he holds up his hands, “I’ve always been incredibly honest about what I am – “
The man shrugs, nods at the bartender when he slides over their drinks. “Espionage,” he says, with a flourish, downing his in one. “War. Whatever it is they do.”
“Real,” Tony croaks.
Tony strokes his arm, the place he had slapped. Soothing. Gentle. With little pretence. “Yeah, well I get that, Steve.”
Tony hands are shaking. “There’s no one there,” he tries to reason, desperately, “just friends. Fury, and Pierce, Steve. Friends, they won’t hurt me.”
“Tony.”
Those nights, Tony would either drink himself to sleep (best outcome), want Steve to fuck it out of him (middling), or work himself into a rage (bad). And, granted, it was the only time Steve ever really got to see him angry, and it wasn’t often, but it was mildly scary. It would remind Steve of himself as a child, hiding under a table, under a bed, behind his mother’s hip, when his father spat and screamed and smashed.
“They’ll section me. I know. I don’t care.”
“Steve, I’m so sorry.”
Your – your fucking
"Tony," Steve says "how's the pain? Do you need anything?"
“You want to talk about last night?”
“What does that mean?”
“We can bring him here, if you’d like. We do everything we can to accommodate our patients.”
He isn’t smiling. His face is flat, and hollow. “So it turns out, in the end, Dumbledore only kept Harry alive because he needed to die so everyone else could live, right? Which I thought was such a – such a
Tony, on some level, feels vindicated. “Yeah,” he agrees, slowly. “He probably did.”
He blinks. His throat feels thick. The cards are burning a hole in his pocket. He had written his speech and some PR guru had cleared it. No pressure. This is only being transmitted around the universe.
for his
“Yes you will,” Steve agrees.
“Alright, alright,” he mumbles, “Christ, okay Mr Caveman, I get it.”
“I’d like to go to bed please,” Tony says, then, voice laden with exhaustion.
“You haven’t show me anything to the contrary,” Tony tells him, blasé, like he’s isn’t intimately aware of Steve’s breath, the touch of his skin on his arm.
During dinner, they mostly talk to Morgan. She's full of questions. Mostly about her dad; she understands he's dead, she's just curious. The kind of things that kids are curious about, when they're trying to make sense of the world. What was his favourite colour. Is he still going to be able to play sports? Morgan says, she wants to be Captain America when she grows up. She talks about the poster on her wall. Captain America, she says, but she wants to wear ballet shoes.
Tony chokes; “
And Steve exhales. Shuts his eyes, takes stock. How’s he feeling? If there’s any fight in him, he might need to get Tony to pick him up, and he’d hate to get him out of bed on such a nasty evening. But he’s surprised to find, no, no fight; anger, sure, but it’s just the usual kind, clarifying. He feels oddly settled. So he finishes the cigarette, stubs it out on the wall, and makes sure to throw it in a garbage bag. He hates litter.
They want Steve to work through his rut, the natural way. The most efficient way. And they know Tony’s the only omega that perfect mix of slutty, dumb, and bold to actually do it.
an omega. The alpha-alpha, you know? And of course, then you get into weird territory, with harems and kings and dynasties, but – for the most part,” he explains, in his long-winded way, “the alpha-est alpha gets the omega. But we’re not cavemen anymore.”
“Because, he stole it,” Tony says, as Steve reaches the last button.
“You poked mine first.” He doesn’t let go of Tony’s wrist; if anything, his grip shifts, tightens. “All that talk in the lab, ‘put on suit’. Everything special about me came out a bottle, right?”
“I cannot bring him back, Steven,” Thor says, so gently. “I would not.”
“Why can’t they?”
Steve stares. “No,” he says slowly “no, no that’s not true.”
“She knows your here?”
“Every night,” he says, and Tony doesn’t know how to respond. So he wraps his arms around Steve’s neck, simple, easy, gives the kind of comfort only an omega can give.
He sips his wine, and Steve’s brow furrows. “I don’t follow.”
Gus coughs, a wrenching thing, and he gasps in pain, clasps a hand to his chest. He nods, though. “I had a wife,” he sucks in a deep breath, presses back against the wall “A daughter. A son.”
“He did. And I took advantage.”
Tony snuffles slightly in acknowledgement; his breath catches in his throat and it comes out like a snort. He can hear Steve's soft smile, and his thumb takes up it's position brushing over Tony's temple. "Maybe something for a headache." Steve murmurs "Something to cool him down."
(See the end of the chapter for
A couch, a desk, a wall that looks out at the sky. “Pierce,” Tony hears himself say, face screwed, “is he – is he going to be okay?”
Tony can’t remember. “Three?”
contracted to someone inside SHIELD.”
“Better than you? With your – royal line?” Steve is trying to tease, now, to bring back that happy atmosphere.
See? It all worked out well in the end.
“Yeah,” Tony agrees, “he’s not.”
Today, he’s hiding in the closet, paper clutched in his fist.
Steve blinks slowly, eyes hooded, smacks his lips. “Tony,” he murmurs, covering his hand.
“And I couldn’t.”
Breathing, but not alive.
“Can I sit with you, after?” He asks, vacantly, tears on his cheeks, even though he doesn’t remember when he started crying. “I don’t feel well. I don’t feel myself.”
The man frowns. And then: “Oh. Oh, you mean – party, I think. It was a long time ago, Captain, I could hardly say – he was young, so was I.”
Pierce holds up his hands. “Tony, I – don’t want you coerced into something you wouldn’t do if you didn’t feel responsible. You have no reason to. He knew the risks going in, we all did, it’s not your job to suffer the consequences.”
“Look at me,” he orders, even though Tony already
he hisses, fierce. “And the way he was trying to get you into that room with Rogers, I knew he was. Figured maybe, he thought it was for the best but didn’t want to be obvious about, because of the risks. Course, now we know what he wanted. For Rogers to go hard on you, or worse. Figured, if he did that…”
“The only way you got this meeting was
He looks inside, pulls out the gag. “Tony,” he asks quietly, “did you want me to fuck you in the soup kitchen?”
“Of course not,” Steve agrees. “You could never give up a child.”
There are scents he doesn’t recognise. New voices, too. They’re shouting over him, talking over him, things he can’t understand because words don’t sound real. He can hear an awful keening, like a wounded animal. He tries to move, but he’s strapped down, brow and shoulders and chest and arms and legs.
“I know,” he agrees. “I, uh. Well, you don’t like hearing it, but I guess I was with someone else before… you know, I don’t know why I’m telling you this. You have no idea what I’m talking about, do you?” He hears himself say kindly, brushing his hand against Steve’s hair, lank and dirty from the field. “I can’t believe they kept you here all this time and didn’t tell me, Steve.”
“I tried to kill myself,” Tony says, but he lets his head drop back against the wall in relief. “Twice, maybe three times. It’s okay though, I’m better.”
Jesus. “Steve, I
“He wouldn’t be happy. If you make this choice, he won’t be happy.”
He shuts his eyes, tightens his shoulders. “It’s fine,” he says again, “you’re drugged, it’s fine, just – calm down, Steve. Darling. Sweetheart. Please.”
dinner.”
Tony thinks, absently.
“You’re exhausted,” Pierce tells him, calmly. “You’ve had a shock. That’s why you don’t feel well.”
She balances on her toes, arms wrapped around the bannister. “I’m doing okay,” she says, “I’m kinda hungry, though.”
"Please stop." Steve says "You safeworded, you've never done that before. I was out of line, I know I was out of line. I didn't mean what I said, Tony, you were right, I was just -- I was covering up, okay? I don't want to be weak, I fucking don't, and I'm stubborn, that's all. I don't want you hurt anymore than you have been and -- fine, I have my own issues and it makes me say things I don't mean."
“Did it hurt?” Tony asks, quietly.
“Don’t be bratty.” Steve rests his hand on Tony’s head, pushes him down to the floor. “You made a mess of my shoe. I’m not walking around with
But I didn't, obviously. I picked you up. And I held you in my arms. I would like to say that at that moment, I was freed of my hideous neuroses. That I finally saw you as my son and we bonded intensely over a moment's eye contact, mother and child. That didn't happen. But holding you -- holding you for the first time, as it happens, because I refused point blank to hold you before -- was like getting over a fear. You didn't bite. I didn't feel sick. You didn't crumble to ashes in my arms. You were just a baby, and I was your mother. And I had brought you into this world and I should damn well take responsibility for it.
“A dimension, I suppose. Your notion of God, it isn’t… unfamiliar, across the worlds. Maybe there was someone who created everything, on Asgard we have our own myths. I am supposedly a god, although I can’t think of myself that way. But yes: Valhalla. Another dimension, if you will. I have been there often in my youth, because on Asgard we possess that ability.”
He now feels the same way, although he wonders why Tony couldn’t find purpose in him.
“Alpha’s matter more,” Tony grins, and then sighs, happily.
It’s the worst thing in the world to have Rumlow pull him up, offer to carry him, perfectly gentlemanly but – but laughing, behind his eyes. He shuts his eyes, staggers away, feels Pierce’s hands on his waist, on his shoulder. He’s draping him in his coat; that’s possessive, comforting, yes, but a signal, too. And like this, with Pierce’s scent all around him –
“I’ve had sex,” Steve says, bluntly. “I’m alpha, Tony.”
Strange considers. "Not quite," he says, setting down the mug. "Captain, do you
A grudging respect, then. The man will die, but on his own terms. Avenging.
Tony groans, rolling onto his back. “You don’t even realise, when I saw you in that cell. You just wanted to keep me safe. You were so scared.”
Tony feels stiff. No, not like that, just – tired. His back aches. Staying in the same position for too long is fucking deadly for a man of his age. Christ. A man of his age. When did he get old enough to say that?
“I – “ Steve sighs, down the line. “I had stuff to work out. After what happened with Killian – even before that. I thought maybe we were bad for each other. Brought out the worst.”
"Right. Well we weren't hardline, but it helped. It wasn't all the time, just -- sometimes I'd look over plans, and Bucky would sit by my feet."
Gus’ face darkens. “Captain, Diana has Ant. We’ve been down this hole for a long time, the sun has risen and now it’s setting again — by this point, she could already have him carved open.”
"Captain," the Doctor says sharply "leave the suit. His neck might be damaged, you can't -- Captain!"
“What about Potts,” says a new voice. “Would she take him?”
"Huh?"
But despite this, Nick stops rattling the door. He seems to wait it out. And then asks, “Are you decent?”
He doesn’t know what, exactly. He switches off his cell, and never turns it back on. Steve goes to work in the morning – even when he’s not on a mission, he has a strict routine. He likes to use the specialist gym at the Triskelion, and do his paperwork in the office he has there. He’s always done by lunch, on those days. Tony will meet him, and they’ll eat together in small restaurants that Steve gets recommended by other people. Or, Steve will come home, and Tony will cook for him.
Tony’s head feels fuzzy. He doesn’t really remember how he ends up in the bed, blinking slowly, drooling into the pillow. “I’m gonna make it better,” he hears himself say, “with Extremis. I’m going to make myself pretty again.”
“I’m whatever you want me to be,” Tony slurs.
“Aww, it’s sweet of you to care, Nicky. But I’ll be just fine.”
“Helicarrier. You’ve been here a few days.”
Steve spent many days trying to convince Tony to just leave the compound. He asked what he was afraid of. He tried to understand how someone could be so lacking in purpose.
She grunts. She doesn’t need thanks for doing what is required.
Steve blinks. He fumbles for his cards, but his fingers are numb. They’re soaked through, and the ink has melted into the page. He squints, smooths them out, time ticks on.
“He needs the scent.”
Tony knows.
“Who?” Sarah says urgently “Who’s trying to kill you?”
The man licks his lips. He says something, and Tony doesn’t hear him, even though he needs to, he needs – there’s a buzzing in his ears. “Look,” the man says, clicking the pen in his face, laughing, pushing the picture at him. “He’ll be so disappointed.”
“When I have to see
“No, I – I…” How did he get here? “I think I walked,” he says, frowning.
The alpha smears his saliva on his cheek. “You’re here to pay reparation,” he says, “because of your friend. The Captain. Do you understand?”
“So here we are,” Tony murmurs eventually.
Tony nods, mouth still open. Steve pulls the first slice of tangerine and settles it onto Tony's tongue. "Eat."
(See the end of the chapter for
“No. I changed up the order first. Then, when we got on the helicopter, I could tell you were upset. I wouldn’t have done it if you hadn’t been upset. I don’t know,” Steve says, crawling to the end of the bed, sitting there. “Are you mad at me?”
Steve limps forward on his knees, shuffles, whimpering. Tony brushes his hair back from his face, blows cool air on his sweat-soaked brow. “Back,” he shows him easing him onto the floor. He’s drawn tightly, so tightly that he won’t let his legs lie flat, the muscles corded and thick. His cock is hard, red and purpling, swollen. It’s going to hurt him, Tony know. This isn’t going to feel good.
“Fine. Give me your tie.”
He splashes cold water on his face. Runs it over his hot palms.
At some point, maybe after an hour, maybe a few more, he hears voices in the hallway. “… immediately,” they’re saying, harried, almost frantic. “No excuse, if he’s left this building, it will be on camera.”
Steve lets Gus’ head flop to the ground. “I deserve that.” He says, voice muffled.
“Don’t you?” Diana says, with a lecherous grin.
“And if we don’t?”
“Take off the mask, Soldier,” someone orders. “When was the last time you were kissed?”
His wrist brushes against his nose. He scents…
Tony finds himself rolling his eyes. “Oh, so astute, Captain,” he says. “Wow, you just
“I do.”
"You're not very subby. I know. I like it."
“Go away? I can’t, Mr Stark. This is limbo now. I’m not even dead. I wish I was dead, though. It’s so cold here. I’m so lonely – “
He frowns at him. Giggles. “What?”
“Hmm?”
Tony doesn’t know a Gustav, the Captain could be anyone. He wonders why Pepper mentions them, why they’re important, and he can’t really talk so he just lets it slide.
Steve stares. “He – we – I’m not sure what you mean – “
“And Tony — I mean, you’ve been to Valhalla?”
Tony is nodding. “Yeah,” he says “but what is this other than an extended vacation? If I could — touch you,” he sighs, letting his hand rest against the space near Steve’s cheek “if I could just touch you.”
“Help me,” Tony whispers.
“Captain?” He says, voice hoarse. “You’re alive. That’s… that’s good.”
He doesn’t leave much choice in the matter; he just grabs Tony’s arm and drags him, rather reluctantly, across the floor. “Steve,” he hisses behind a smile, patting his hand, “people can see,” he reminds sweetly, nodding at a cluster of guests.
He means the bruise, obviously. “Misjudged a projectile in training,” he lies, easily. “Why are you so interested in my lovers?”
Thor doesn’t sound angry. There’s no tell-tale ozone. He just sighs heavily. “You’re old,” he says “but still very young. I was like you once, Steven. Had you twenty more years under your belt, I don’t doubt you and Stark would have seen eye to eye quite happily.”
He might be pointing at Tony.
“The thing is, Steve, it’s mostly all made-up,” Tony tells him, brutally. “Seriously. Sure, there’s plenty of Darwinist explanations for why everything is the way it is, but maybe it just
“Say that again,” he asks, hands bracketing his head.
that anymore, that’s not me. I can’t talk to people like that. Don’t make me,” Tony croaks. “Please, Rhodey — “
You remember the baby that died, Tony. That Christmas where your father tried to take you away. Did you know that it wasn’t the first? That you, in fact, are not my first child? Those trees, Tony, in the garden that you love so much. Those three trees. I never got around to planting a fourth.
He’s going to turn up at Steve’s wearing another’s alphas clothes, having missed their date with no call, no explanation. When Steve asks, why, all he’ll have to show for it is a picture of – of that. He’ll have to say, I was upset, Steve will want to know why. He’ll show him the picture. And Steve
“Do you like it?” Tony asks, opening his eyes.
“No,” Tony admits.
“Me, you, and Mosely, Tony. I’m not sure of the — you know, legal aspect. I don’t think you’ll be cleared as sound of mind, but if you could get your last next of kin to make me your new next of kin — “
“And Bruce is heading up a new research sector in Delhi.”
“You’re a boy scout,” Tony scoffs.
Pierce stubs out his cigarette, fiddles with the pack, starts a new one. Pierce pretends he’s unconcerned, but Tony knows: he smokes when he’s nervous. He pockets the lighter.
“Huh?”
Tony takes a deep breath. "Steve." He says "What aren't you telling me?"
They know about Pierce. They’ll have found the body. You are being – weak.”
“It’s not healing,” Gus breathes “I haven’t eaten, I haven’t — ah!” He jerks when Steve runs his fingers over the wound, when fresh blood runs down his ribs.
Tony doesn’t know what he thinks. Pierce smells like… like… Tony is fifteen, and naked on his hands and knees, wet and hard.
His voice is a little rough. Earthy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bruce is gone.
Steve screws his face again, pumps his fist into the door. “
He’s been working with SHIELD for some three months; as expected, it’s been better for him. He spends most of his time in New York, averages one mission a week – plenty of space to get out that energy, lead a team the way he’s bred to do, and still have time for Tony in-between.
“You’ve never been taken in hand in your life, have you?”
“But,” she says, standing “but, I have such a wonderful design for you.” And she strides to a table, her oak desk, and pulls out sheets of flimsy paper.
They eat in silence. Tony can’t speak, and Nick doesn’t push it. He keeps the radio playing: it tells Tony what he needs to know. It talks about Steve, and the Potomac, and the helicarriers. Tony stirs his spoon limply around his bowl. He doesn’t have much of an appetite; even if he did, Nick’s stew tastes like ballsack.
Tony shrugs. “You just seem like the type. The way you talk about your family, I’d think you’d like your own. That’s all.”
“Yeah, like maybe some rope and a few whips. C’mon, Tony, no. There guy’s a creep, you wouldn’t really.”
When he slams him against the wall, it’s full-bodied, and his teeth rattle in his skull.
“Only good things, I hope,” Tony says sweetly, curling his fingers into Steve’s arm. He senses he’s going to be dragging him away soon enough.
Tony doesn’t answer. “Can you either turn around or fuck off. I realise you’ve all seen my ass before, but I don’t really want to look at you while I get my junk out.”
"But mostly him, right?"
He can feel Natasha’s smirk even before she brushes her hip up against his, shimmying him out of the way of the cookie jar. “He’s passed out, you know.”
“It was a bad dream,” Thor presses, inclining his head. “We have all had nightmares of late.”
“I would have died anyway,” Peter whispers. “It’s not like you could stop it.”
"I don't want the water, Tony, I don't -- " he almost reaches for him again and then holds back "I don't want the water." He says firmly.
century has it’s perks.”
Tony and Steve play chicken.
“Ready for what?” Tony asks.
They stay like that for awhile. In that moment, they are happy, and they are healthy, and they are in the Good Days once more.
Tony points. “I want that one.”
Tony frowns at him. “You do that,” he says absently, picking up the end of Mr Green’s tie and dropping it into his scotch glass. “Get your tip wet for me, okay?”
“I can walk,” he clarifies, after a particularly emotional reunion. “But two years spent in a bed? I’m a little rusty.”
“Yeah,” Clint muses “I guess anything’s more important than Earth, right?”
He’s staring at himself in the mirror until his vision starts to blur.
“I must,” he half-laughs, sleepy. “Why else would I subject myself to it? I think – you’re so
So if you're still reading this (two years later) here you go! Thank you for taking the time to read it! And I'd love to know your thoughts!
"It's like I'm a train."
But he can barely open his eyes, swollen to slits, and his throat is full of blood, charred. He rasps. His lips mumble, but words don’t come clear.
There’s no hiding the scars inside his thighs. Maybe, Steve had noticed before, and knowing less, thought they were interesting birthmarks. Most have faded, disappeared and healed away. The worst, where the ends were held longer against his skin to make him scream, are almost craterous, pockmarked – not noticeable, ignorable, if you’re not looking.
Steve cups his chin, rubs in a spot of dried come where it made it's way down his neck. "I bet you are." He hums "You were so perfect for me, you know. The most beautiful sub in the whole world."
“You’re not depressed,” Steve had said “you’re just — this is a funk, Tony.”
“Wait,” he blurts, sitting up, foot still in Steve’s hands. “Wait, don’t.”
Okay. If those are his orders, he’ll obey.
Ty grabs his jaw, his nails dig into the flesh of his cheek. “Don’t you look away,” he says, breathing in Tony’s face, “look at me when I talk to you.”
“He trusts you.”
when he’s used by me, you don’t get to put him in that position you low-life, dick-swallowing – “
And that’s when Tony knows. Because Tony was never stupid.
He deposits a plastic baggy with a small metal tube on top of the desk. Tony frowns. “Can I touch it?”
The things he could have had, if hadn’t been so fucking stupid. It’s not worth thinking about. He sighs, turns over, presses his head between Steve’s shoulder-blades. This is good, too.
“And you, him,” Fury notes. “Alpha like that – I suppose to him it’s only natural that you two would…”
he thinks, viciously. “Bullshit,” he says, “you haven’t got the balls. You’d never be able to. You couldn’t afford to. The second you try anything you can forget Iron Man. Everything you’ve worked for will go up in smoke. And besides that? I figure you’re probably a good man, Nick. Not the kind to blackmail sweet innocent omegas into contracts.”
Tony lies awake.
Steve looks down at him. Pauses. And then:
Tony’s head is just a little cloudy. “What about room service?”
His voice is firm, and reassuring. Tony nods. He slips forward, face-plants back into Pierce’s shoulder.
Tony feels warm. “Yeah,” he says, answering the question. “She was. I could probably trace back to the Mayflower,” he laughs.
Tony stares. “What?”
“Is there something I can help with?”
“I can’t ignore what happened the other week,” Fury tells him impassively.
“So you’re
“Steve, I
He shifts, brings up his arms so his elbows rest on Steve’s thighs. He moves his mouth lower and with tiny, incremental licks, begins to lather Steve’s balls with his tongue. It’s gratifying to hear him grunt a little, pushes his legs further apart.
“I love money,” Ty reasons. “I love sex. You had both, in spades. I would have been a good husband, Tony.”
Sometimes Tony would break down. “I’m my father,” he would croak “I’m turning into dad.”
Tony feels his eye twitch. “Well why bring it up then, Steve,” he hears himself saying. “What’s the point? To make me feel like shit? To make me feel like a slut, or a dumb bitch who just gets
there's probably more to this but also nothing more that i can write. hope u like.
He walks him back against the wall. “I can have anyone, understand? Do you know how many fathers are tripping over themselves to contract their sweet little virginal bitches to me?
“Captain Judgemental.”
Steve thinks, because all of them, each and every one, are voicing something he couldn’t articulate. It’s important. It’s important that he’s mourned by everyone, that everyone knows what he did, what he sacrificed.
Tony can’t make head or tail of his situation. He knows: head against some part of Steve’s body, covered in him. Maybe some wall, some comforter. He can’t
“Agreed.”
Steve lurches, against the wall, then forward, arms reaching. Tony can’t fight him off, he can’t dodge him. He collapses into him, unaware of his own sheer weight, forcing him to the ground, crushing him. “Tony,” he sobs, butting his nose against his cheek, his throat, “Tony, it’s not safe, it’s not – “
Pepper Potts is standing in the kitchen when Steve wakes up. She kisses him once on the cheek, perfunctory, and flattens his hair down on his head. They were closer, once, when he and Tony were lovers. Pepper was one of the few who shared in that relationship, who was actually informed it was happening. They had been friends.
“Why not?” Steve asks, plaintive. Tony has all his arms and legs. All his limbs intact, his face serene, lips twisting upwards like he can’t stop smiling. “I want to — see you. We miss you, I miss you. I need you.”
They ask him about Rhodey and Tony screams at them. “I’ll never fucking tell you,” he says “I’ll never say a word.”
Tony awakes to the smell of bacon.
“Was he… right,” Steve asks carefully. “To show me your file, and your history. I mean – what I’m trying to say, I guess,” his eyes are shifty, looking carefully at the fibre of the couch cushions, “is that maybe there are things in there that, uh – elucidate? Or explain? Or maybe even – give me reason to think – “
“Be quiet.”
He had woken up late, wearing last night’s clothes, except now they are clean. He vaguely remembers embarrassing himself, throwing up bile in the hallway of the hotel. He doesn’t think too hard about who changed them, and why, and he doesn’t think about Pierce’s fucking friendly eyes, kind, and the absolute myriad of ways he humiliated himself last night.
“People already look at me the wrong way, but I appreciate the concern, it’s touching.”
"Does my face look weird? It feels weird."
“There’s no more fighting,” Tony says, deciding it’s suitably vague. “You can just sleep now.”
Steve looks irritated. “That was a one-time thing.”
“It’s my job,” Tony says, quietly.
Is he so obvious? Tony feels all that ugly rage bubbling up inside him. “I don’t need it,” he bites out, folding his body away from Steve.
"Shh," Steve says "shh. It's okay. I didn't mean for it to come out that way, and I didn't mean it as a, a bad thing."
The Other-Him lunges. Steve explains. He tells him
“Then I’m glad we could have this discussion.” The hands are pulled away. Steve briskly rubs at Tony’s back, brushing down any errant feathers. He doesn’t feel compelled to say any words of parting. But Tony lies there still, for some long minutes afterwards; the sun is slipping behind some building or other, but it’s warm on the back of his neck. Where Steve’s hand had been.
“Tony,” Steve says, and he rests his book on the couch “listen to me. You can’t let this happen again. You have to tell me about things like this, I can’t – I know you want peace and quiet. I know that, so I won’t call the cops, okay? I’ll have him blacklisted and drop a line to the hospital but – you need to tell me. Please. Tell me so I can help you.”
Is it defiance or masochism that makes Tony say nothing? Steve laughs, but it’s mocking. “If you’d ever been disciplined properly, you’d have said no,” he says, drawing Tony’s back to his chest, and steering him from the nape.
“Would you come live with me for a while? Until you’re better?”
He knows he finds Steve, because he remembers blood, and panic, and thinking he was hurt, smelling it all over him. He remembers, maybe,
Steve wants to scream. He wants to scream at the therapist, and then at Tony, for sitting there, for just taking it, and never saying a word. “How long has this been going on?” Steve manages, measuredly.
Tony does. He slices potatoes and cheese and kale and makes an omelette. He pours two mugs of coffee, and carries it to the bedroom, Mosely at his heels. “Knock knock,” he says.
“You must be hurting,” the voice says, careful and soothing “you must hurt so much. When I lost my maker, I cried for weeks, oh, it was awful. But to loose an imprint as well? Tragic. Your agony must be unbearable.”
He blinks slowly. He looks at his body.
Steve's stomach clenches. "I know you do." He whispers "Which is why you deserve a treat."
Of course, where Steve comes from, raping kids is considered bad form. In fact, where Steve’s from, they’d call
“You’re so eager to please, do you know that? I don’t think you do, really. You’re not aware of the extent that you do it. Sure, this helped,” and Pierce sprays his nose, so he wrinkles it and groans, “but it only heightens what’s already there. The rest was all you. Really, I should be thanking Howard. He really bred you right.”
“If you can’t sleep, you should come and sit,” Natasha calls, patting her sleeping bag. “We’re talking.”
They’d shared a bed last night, him and Pierce. Tony can’t remember. He knows he probably came onto him – stupid, pathetic, drunk and frightened, it’s the exact kind of insane response he has in those situations. He thinks they didn’t fuck; Tony woke up dry, sheets clean. But his throat is bruised, and bitten, his lips swollen. He pulls the collar of his coat tighter around his throat. He hates himself. He hates himself so, fucking much.
“Stew,” Bruce says kindly. “I didn’t want to impose any more. The Wakandans have enough to deal with, but – I think it’s pretty good.” He and Natasha have set up camp together; a hotplate, a large pot, glasses, mugs, strange tea sachets that Tony can’t recognise. Aren’t they lucky together.
“Company.” Steve mulls the word over. “I suppose I got the wrong impression, huh? When you invited me, away, to share single-bed room as your date.”
“I’ll take that as the affirmative,” Jarvis says, and Tony doesn’t correct him.
The room is cast in red, and Steve is straddling his waist, hands on the side of his shoulders, shaking him. “Where am I?” He grunts, rattling him against the mattress, “Where the fuck am I?”
He scrambles from the bed, lunges for her in her chair, he is going to strangle her throat, tear her head from her neck and yet the fast movement leaves him gasping, reeling with pain. He clutches his stomach, cries out and collapses on the floor, on all fours with one hand pressed to his belly.
There are footsteps. Steve turns, instinctively, head snapping to the side; Tony doesn’t bother, he’s not souped up enough on fight to care about every little noise. But Steve – he’s noticing some things about Steve tonight. The slant of his cheekbones to his mouth, the hard curve of his jaw, wide and strong. His hair, pushed back on his head, and that stupid fucking tuxedo that’s far too tight, but still –
“He, uh,” Steve clears his throat. “He left a message, on the helmet. For you.”
Tony shrugs. “I didn’t really care.”
Steve tightens his fingers in his pockets. “Really?” He asks quietly.
Clint, he thinks, understands now. Because he’s imprinted too. But the difference is, his lover is alive, and Steve is alone.
“I drove down to your HQ. Steve said he’s been coming here everyday but they won’t let him see you.”
don’t do anything stupid – “
Tony can feel himself crying. His cheeks feel cold against the air. “I’m sorry,” he tells Steve, tipping his head against his palm. “I – I – “
“There are better ways to celebrate, you know,” Steve is saying, disapprovingly. “People talk.”
“I figured.” A beat; “I appreciate that.”
Steve blinks, glances over at Tony, concerned. “I didn’t pay for anything,” he says. “I offered. Sarah spat in my face.”
An awkward silence. Steve clears his throat. “I brought you this,” he says, holding something out. Tony doesn’t look at him, but he does creep his eyes to the right to see the package.
“I’m the cleverest person anyone knows.” Tony doesn’t want to come tonight. He’s tired. He’s not in the mood. He’ll come, if Steve wants to hear him. He thinks, maybe I can fake it. It’s not like he’ll know the difference.
“And I take it I can trust you to take care of our pest problem?”
“Did he do it on purpose,” Bruce says, without saying the word that they’re both thinking. “Was it — intentional.”
"Morning." Steve smiles, setting out cutlery on the tray. "Sleep well?"
Tony looks up at him, eyes wide, a loose smile on his face. "I try so hard." He says "I try so hard to be good."
Tony thinks.
Ah. Tony snorts. “Sorry,” he says, not really meaning it, “he does that.”
“You didn’t think. How much did you have to drink?”
Because this is safe. The rest is yesterday’s trouble. Tomorrow’s problem. Here, and now, is good.
(See the end of the chapter for
didn’t understand until a couple weeks ago. It’s fine. Someone probably sent him to rile you up.”
because he doesn’t. He hasn’t lost a fiancé. He’s lost friends, not a lover. It’s not the same, and we won’t pretend it is.
“And you’re sure this will kill you?” Steve asks.
“Why didn’t you help him?!”
“But Stone?”
“They matter less,” he repeats. The cigarette is dangling between his fingers. He exhales smoke into his face.
*honestly this is the darkest chapter yet. I guess there needed to be more angst. Can’t have them getting too happy.*
Tony stares at her and feels… well, the drugs won’t really let him feel, but he feels shaky and ill. He wants to feel anger, because Tony has lost everything paying for Ultron’s reparations, and yet he never would have made Ultron if Wanda hadn’t forced him. He really wants to be sick, the conflict of emotions inside him stirring him up and –
Steve’s lips are a line. “You can’t do this here.”
Tony eats a bit of egg. “We were lovers,” he says casually.
Tony says nothing. Pierce squeezes his arm. “It’s okay,” he murmurs, “there’s no reason for you to feel comfortable doing this, Tony. I told you,” he turns to Ross, “you fucking imbecile, he’s not a puppet, you can’t just pull his strings and expect him to do whatever fucked up, absurdist scheme you’ve cooked up in that office you call a headquarter.”
“It’s very homey,” Natasha comments. “I love what you’ve done with the place.”
Steve stares. “What?”
Tony hears the gunshots, again, rattling. Then, glass breaking. Thudding. Silence.
“We’ll go back,” Natasha says simply. “Back to HQ.”
“Right. The whole concept of a sit-down dinner kinda goes over my head. I’ve never – I mean, Rhodey and Pepper, but who has a dinner with their friends – ”
“True.” Tony coughs, pointedly. “Or we could order pizza. Pizza?” He points at Steve “Pizza?” He asks Bruce.
Tony doesn’t know what makes him say: “Oh, don’t worry. I’d go to his room, you’d still have the bed.”
“Nonsense,” Pierce dismisses, holding a neat whiskey in front of his face. “Take some time, breathe. Let me fix up that arm. And then you’re going to go home and get some rest.”
"Right," Steve croaks.
“From here?” He squeaks. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m – sorry, I should have said, I’m – actually on the board of directors,” he says, staring hard at his cards. “Whose go was it, anyway?”
And they would dance around each other for a few days, at least until Tony, sheepish, would ask Steve what time he wanted to do lunch. And then they would snap back into shape, and life would continue.
Steve, you know what I mean?”
screwing Captain America. God, how do you know me so well?”
Steve has been calling his name.
“Would we still be together?”
He finds his way back to the bed, pushes himself up, wincing. He sees that his belly is a mass of dark blues, purples and blacks, heavily bruised. The pain is ridiculous. He wraps himself in a fur, covers himself as best he can from Diana’s wandering eyes.
"Can we turn up the heat?" Tony asks. The nurse looks up at him, frowning.
“You have a type, evidently,” Ty says pointedly.
Now Tony wants to laugh. “I know it,” he says “I was there. I still — it’s ten minutes away.”
Delicately, he climbs his way over Steve’s tangled limbs, eases himself back down against his side. He’s all splayed out on his front, arm bereft on Tony’s side of the bed, back rising and falling.
“But I need —
“Yeah, Tony. Yeah, of course. Here,” he says, unwinding the dressing, “talk to me,” he urges, wrapping the fresh bandage around his throat.
And Steve swallows, focuses. “I still do,” he says simply.
Pierce laughs, heartily. “Even now,” he says, “you think it’s something
And he crouches. Close to the ground, close to Tony. “You,” he murmurs, caressing his cheek. It’s almost gentle. Tony feels his eyes shut. He thinks, it’s probably true. Tony probably would learn to forget, eventually.
Tony sniffs. He licks his thumb, dabs at crumbs on his plate. “You got someone else to do the plumbing?” Plumbing. That’s what Tony calls it, all the nitty-gritty tech-work he does that Steve doesn’t understand.
Steve stumbles, falls.
Tony stares at him. “What?” He whispers. “Is it something I did?”
Next chapter up soon, maybe tomorrow. Spoilers for fluff, just lots of dumb fluff and comfort ugh.
Two blinks. Green. Steve pushes back in.
“It’s fine,” Steve says, standing, turning away. This time, he seems disappointed. “I’m not like you, Tony. I’m monogamous, you know that.”
“Are those your words, of Fury’s?”
Tony stares at him. He softens, imperceptibly; his fingers tighten in Steve’s arm. “Uh,” he says, looking at him, confused, but not upset. “Yeah. Well – okay, Steve. I accept your thanks.” He wiggles his fingers as if blessing him. “Go forth now, having been – I don’t know, redeemed, or something.” He stops, sighs, shrugs his shoulders. “Hey, if this means anything to you – you made the right call, Steve. Back there, with the wormhole. I like that. I respect it.”
Steve chews the inside of his cheek. “Yeah,” he says. “She did.”
"I didn't call you stupid."
“Right. Until it’s been eradicated, so.” He half shrugs, spreads some peanut butter on a slice of toast.
“How was it?”
He picks at the pack of cigarettes left on the table, palms the lighter. Slips past the door, and mounts the stairs to fresh air for the first time in weeks.
“Peanut butter toast. And maybe you should just let him sleep.”
I couldn’t have stopped it – “
Tony swallows. He does not drop his smile, even though his cheeks hurt, even though his eyes are burning. “What, uh – what did Rumlow say?”
“Then I’ll see you then. Pass through your address.”
Tony grinds his teeth. “Looking out for them, huh?”
“They’re, uh.” Does Steve know the technical name of different cuts of underwear? “Low-slung,” he settles for, “on my hips. Silk. They have a white trim, lacey.”
Tony rolls his eyes. “I’m not talking about you, Jesus.”
“Initializing,” the helmet says, startling him. “Voice input identified: Captain Rogers. Relaying message.”
“I have one. You could get in on a work. Or — spousal, or something.”
“You don’t sound good,” Tony says, letting concern flood his voice. “Are you okay? What did the doctors say?”
“Why wouldn’t you?” About three people say at the same time.
“Yeah, assholes.”
Of course, it was more than just the act of teenage rebellion. When Tony’s shirts where too baggy, no one tried to look at his nipples, and when they fell over his hips, no one could see his ass. If his hair was greasy and face unshaved, he looked more masculine, and he looked dirty, unfriendly, unwelcoming. Not-pretty, ergo, not-worth-looking-at.
When his eyes open, the line between the dream and reality is blurred. The room is dark and warm. He hears crying, and then realises, it’s himself, crying out.
He shakes his head, tries to shake everything clear, but it makes it worse. “Dad,” he mumbles, hot, fevered, hands shaking, “Daddy, I don’t want…”
“Jesus, Tony. If I had known — “
“That’s very nice of you, Bruce.” Natasha says sweetly. “Why don’t you boys try some?”
“You’re just so damn pushable,” Tony smirks, trying to keep it light. He carefully tries to wrest back control, but even though Rogers’ grip is loose, his fingers are iron.
“But kid – “ Steve puts his hand on his shoulder, squeezes. “He did it for you.”
Tony spits them back out. “Do not
“I am interesting,” Tony agrees, drowsily. His lips are at his knee, now, and then further up; he scrapes his teeth against the skin above the joint, teasing.
Tony laughs, but the truth is, he doesn’t find it funny. “I never took you for a chauvinist, Rogers. Old-fashioned, pompous, a little too righteous, sure. But never a flat out bigot.”
Tony’s eyes bloat. Everything ripples. He looks at his hand. The squirming lines are worms. He whimpers, tries to brush them off on Pierce’s arm. “What,” he snorts, blowing air through his nose, trying to clear his sinuses, “what is this?”
Nick trails off. Tony cocks his head.
“Tony was — ”
“I – I didn’t really try,” Steve admits. “When I saw him, I knew what I had to do, and – and I don’t think they’ll want to have me back.”
A brief pause. “I don’t know,” Steve says slowly. “I couldn’t — it was hard to tell.”
Tony throws back his head and laughs. “Sure,” he says, “or you’re just not alpha enough to do it right.”
“In honour. Tony kept scotch under our — “ a beat. Steve rectifies his sentence. “Under the bed in his room,” he finishes dully.
Half the population wiped out overnight, who could even imagine it.
“Right.”
Steve looks up at him. His eyes are soft like this, unguarded. He cocks his head to the side, not submissive, but – relaxed. Inquisitive. “Tony?”
“Oh, Tony,” someone says sorrowfully, and they’re stroking his hair. Pepper, his mind supplies, that’s okay, Pepper can do that.
The bathtub is old, a shade of olive, limescale in the corners that are built into the wall, black mould. The water is up to his waist. He’s sitting. It’s warm, and steaming. His head is bowed, shoulders slumped, arms limp on his thighs. There’s dripping water. Drip. Drip. Drip.
Maybe we’re just genetic quirks.”
“You buy anything else?”
“Nah,” Tony sighs “it’s fine. I have something I need to give him, anyway.”
“I don’t know if Steve could pull this off on his own,” Rhodey says incredulously. “Jesus fucking Christ, they’re not just
Tony opens his eyes, strains upward best he can. His vision is blurry, slightly, fuzzy with unshed tears, the pressure of keeping position. Steve’s hand cups his cheek, thumb strokes over his temple. “Jesus,” he mutters, wiping absently at a tear, “if you knew how you looked right now, Stark.”
"About how different you are." Steve says simply "When you're under. You're just -- " Steve sighs "I don't know. It's weird, how it works."
“I’m interested,” Steve says, shuffling closer. “You know everything from my history. I feel like – I know so much of yours, on paper, but I don’t understand it. Not really.”
They patch him up, and Nebula tells them what went down. She tells them about Doctor Strange, and Peter Parker, and how both of them faded. Steve remembers the kid; he was what, fifteen? Sixteen? But he won’t be the only child dead, millions of them across the universe, many much younger than him.
“And now.”
“Someone showed it to you,” Steve pieces together, gently, “and you were upset. Pierce found you, and he took you somewhere safe. Oh, God,” he breathes, and Tony hears him shift, maybe to put his head in his hands.
Tony blows a raspberry. “There’s nothing you could give me,” he says.
Tony blinks, tries to steel himself. Steve, he wants to say, but the sharp noise has turned into ringing in his ears. Steve is doubling in and out of his vision, and he groans again, feeling his eyes roll back into his head. He hears them fiddling with the catches of his armour, dragging it off his body, but he can't really do anything about it. He's aware, distantly, that he's wearing the undersuit and being cradled in Steve arms, head pillowed by his thighs.
Tony sits, and Steve stands, hands in his pants’ pockets, looking down. Judgement, which is what he deserves. “Can I get you anything?”
“And you’re, uh,” Steve clears his throat. “You’re feeling better, I take it. I mean – not just extremis, you were – were sad, a little. Before I left. You’re feeling better?”
He jerks. He can barely lift his head. His face feels swollen, his brain feels swollen. He’s tied to a chair. Ankles and wrists, except for a garter belt no one bothered to remove.
“Was it?”
“I was 15,” Tony scoffs, “of course I didn’t. But he was kind to me, if that’s what you’re wondering. It wasn’t like – “
A beat. And then, Tony finally asks: “What did you do to him?”
He runs through a checklist. Steve is safe, sleeping soundly. Carefully, he crawls across the bed. Outside, in the kitchen, Nick is snoring contentedly.
“And there was – his bodyguard? His boxer friend, I can’t remember his name.”
“Do you like it?” His voice sounds rough, even to his own ears.
“Do you think,” Tony drips, poison, aware he’s being cruel but not able to stop it, “that I give a fuck about what you think?”
Someone, some people are shouting his name. He tries to respond, but his mouth feels furry. He can barely move, God, when did he get so weak.
It must be the drugs. They’re making him so – so fucking anxious, that must be it. The things in the corners of his eyes, the futile panic.
Tony yawns again, rolls onto his side. “Bye, Steve,” he sighs, “love you.”
Someone gently takes the bowl from his hands. He feels himself being held, positioned. Someone takes his blanket, rests him horizontally, picks up his legs and presses them gently together, tucks him in. Faintly, Tony blinks, but the room is hazy; his friends blur in warm shades, browns and yellows, flickering fire. The someone presses a hand to his head, just once, comforting. He can hear them talking, but he’s still stuck in the Before, remembering, and being happy.
“Extremis covered that, but thanks.”
The knot is deflating. Tony is able to cough, fully, wet and rasping. His throat is going to be fucked – literally. God knows what he’s going to sound like, if he’ll even have a voice. “That’s it,” Steve soothes, fucking himself against his tongue once, twice, and then slipping free, finally. Tony’s jaw feels like – swollen, or broken. There’s no real pain, but the
It takes three of them to force him up to his feet, unsteady. Like a baby doe, one of them says.  They peel his panties back from his ass and someone laughs in his face when they stuff the ice in there, cold and flinching. He jerks, scrabbles his feet against their grip. “You debauched little fuck,” the ice-man grins, taking his reparation as a bruising kiss and freezing, wet panties.
“Whatever you want to think, Tony.”
“So – “ Tony heaves, sitting himself up, “it looks like I might die. Don’t count your chickens just yet. Although… obviously, I’m not sure if you’re alive. God,” he mutters, “that would be a bummer. Not because – not because I
Steve shrugs. “You need to pay reparation,” he says.
“I bet you are,” Steve smirks. He pinches Tony’s chin, tips back his head. “Eager.”
He picks up a file from his desk, slides it across the table. “I stop this from moving any further.”
Tony shakes his head. He taps his chest twice with his pointer finger.
Tony wants to tell him to keep his worry. He shrugs a shoulder, folds his legs to his chest, seated on the bed with his back to the wall. Nick’s on the cot, tonight.
“How drunk are you?” Steve asks. “It depends.”
Pierce frowns at him, stuffs his panties back into his mouth. “I don’t care what you know,” he says, trailing his finger down the slope of Tony’s nose, “I just want to talk. Man to man, alpha to alpha. You might even like what I have to say, and then… well. You’ll get him back, safe and sound. Unhurt, I promise. Well. Alive, at least.”
“Well okay then. What’s so bad that you can’t open the door, hmm? Because, I know you’re not on the toilet, and I can bust this down if I have to.”
“Tony please,” Steve says, and his voice is a tremble; Tony didn’t realise, but Steve is crying. “Please, Tony, you’re scaring me. You’re scaring me now, come on. Let’s go home, you need to get warm.”
Steve can’t seem to find it in him to dare go lower; any other answer is equally horrific. He exhales, heavy, through his nostrils. “Tony,” he says, softly. “I’ve hidden it. Can you look at me?”
With what? Tony can’t even remember. His head is so heavy. “Yes,” he says, so Pierce will say the words again, so Tony will feel that flush of heady praise.
And then she pales. Tony pales, too, because that’s worrying. But then she presses a hand to her chest, laughs. “Oh my God,” she says “you’re the Colonel. I thought you were — is that so? No no, I’m his — friend. Yes, we live together. Ha, no, just friends thank you. No no, you boys talk away. Oh, thank God, it’s really you. Green Roots? Sure, that’s only ten minutes away, Tony was — there. No, here, he’s still here.” She hands back the phone, mouths ‘sorry’, and makes a face. Tony grins.
“Sorry. Thought we had more time. Wasn’t Ty supposed to leave first?”
“Oh yeah?”
“Did you know I was coming?”
Tony smiles, weakly. “Yeah,” he laughs, eyes wet. “I do.”
"Steve, I -- " Tony visibly swallows "I'm really gonna -- "
He had said he wouldn’t leave.
“I’m sorry,” Steve tells him.
“They never should have sent you in,” Steve growls, “it wasn’t safe, I could have killed you.”
“Hey,” he says, dropping down the steps into the living area. “Didn’t know if you were still up.”
“It is alright. No use crying over spilt mead.”
“Because you’re home now. And Ultron is distant, and you want things to be like they used to be.”
“Not always,” Tony mutters. “Peter knew. He has this – when he’s in danger, you know? He goes a little haywire. He calls it spidersense, because he’s a – dork, I guess. Whatever. It – he knew. Knew it was coming, sensed it, tried to – he died, and he knew what was happening, and while his legs crumbled away and he turned to dust in my hands I just
“Steve,” Natasha says quietly. “He’s gone.”
“You first,” Tony challenges.
He claps his hands over his head. “I ruined it,” he says, “I’ve ruined everything. Myself, and you, and Christmas, and – and – “
“Tell me about it. Other than that, mostly day to day. We take a lot of international stuff now, but obviously we’ve grown so much I don’t — “ Steve almost laughs “yeah, I guess I pretty much only take the special cases, too.”
The look on his face shows that Tony doesn’t agree. “Yeah,” he says dully. “Maybe. Or maybe they all just – ceased to be. Who knows, maybe they’re the lucky ones, they get to bail and now we have to – “
“Shh,” Tony soothes. “Steve we don’t have much time.”
Tony shuts his eyes. Steve answers. “Jesus, Tony,” he huffs, “where the hell have you been?”
“Yes, dearest?”
“Tired,” Tony mutters, and he burrows back down under the covers anyway. Steve wonders if Tony is maybe sleeping to avoid eating.
“Shh, shh, shh,” Killian is soothing, like you would a nervy horse. “It’s alright. You’re broken, Tony. More than you know. This,” he says, plucking open Tony’s silk dress shirt, tapping the arc reactor with his finger, “this makes you broken. Sick. And who knows what goes in that head of yours, huh?” He lightly caresses the side of Tony’s head with his burning hand, and the room smells like singed hairs.
You’re telling them too much, the first voice hisses. Stop this, they can use anything against you! Are you crazy? Weak little boy, be better!
Tony thinks long and hard about what to say next. “If he realised, I would lose half my power.”
“Relationships built on the ghosts of other people don’t tend to have a long life, Tony.”
“I don’t want to go to the party,” Tony mumbles, sliding down the wall.
Nebula grunts. “Remember their names,” she says. “The next time you want to lie down and waste away on a rock, remember their names.”
"Aww, shit." He hears someone mutter. "Steve! He's in this one! Yeah, he's -- " Clint sighs "how you doing buddy?"
“Well I just don’t think it’s fair, is all,” Nick finishes. “I suppose I’d be lying if I didn’t say I regret some of the choices I’ve made. And the things they led to. And I’m sorry for it, is what I’m telling you, Stark. Stark. I’m sorry.”
“The doctor doesn’t know best, the doctor doesn’t know what I need. He’s trying to make me not think, I know it. Next stop lobotomy, Steve. Every time I take them the world goes – I see things. I convince myself of bad, bad things. Steve I can get better without them, just don’t tell the doctor I’m not taking them, please. Please, I just want some of my life back, please Steve.”
When he doesn’t rouse, she kicks him, hard in the side. He chokes, gasps, clutches at his belly. Oh, he had been wounded. Of course, she remembers now. Maybe he’s still hurt, and that’s why he does not move. A better reason, than patheticness.
It’s good to have something to do.
“Please, Tony. Please, just say that you forgive me.”
Neither of them talk, for a long time.
Tony shrugs. He thinks,
“That you went back with him,” Steve says, calmly. He doesn’t even sound angry. “With Pierce. To his hotel room.” And then, even softer, voice hurt: “You’re still wearing his coat.”
Nick sighs. “There,” he says, “take that cot. I need quiet, understand? Stark. I said, understand?”
“Now, it was my camp, Stark. I had to keep it in order, understand? If I let him get away with it, I’d have to let them all get away with it. And he never admitted to it himself, we had to catch him red handed, like the thief he was.”
“There’s probably a lot she doesn’t mention.”
“I don’t think so.”
Gus looks at them. “I’m going to die.” He says quietly.
"I -- yeah." Steve smiles slightly. "I get it."
His cards are wet, now. The ink is running all over the page. It had been sunny earlier, they’d carried Tony’s coffin through the streets, draped in a flag, and it had been sunny. But the air had felt heavy, bursting, and now the rain is dribbling down, the sky is grey, and no one has an umbrella.
(See the end of the chapter for
He sees Steve’s hand coming up for his other wrist, tries to dodge; naturally, he fails, lets Steve hold his arms firm. “Is this what it’s all been about?” He asks and, yeah, definitely lust now. “You just want a good fuck, Stark?”
“That’s not true,” Peter says. He’s propped up against the wall, one arm slung over his leg. “Mr Stark, you shouldn’t think like that.”
“Do you want me to get down on one knee?”
“I can’t – shut up,” he manages, clawing his way to lucidity. “I can’t stop thinking these things, I can’t – I make myself panic, I work myself up, but – I don’t know, there’s no one I can trust, there’s no one – “
Tony is still laughing when he turns around, leaning back against the barrier. “I’m not trying to be,” he smirks. Steve is just too easy.
Tony does. He inhales the scent deeply. Colours bloom behind his eyes.
“Can you try? Something simple. Your name.”
“That’s not what he said!” The man says, standing, shakily supporting himself with the wall. “There’s only one way we win. Maybe Strange saw me alive, at the end, when we take him down. But it’s not me alone. I have a team on earth – Jesus, I – had a team. Some of them will still be alive. We have to go to earth, not – “
“I’m not talking about it,” Tony says, bluntly. He’s not fucking joking. “I appreciate what he was trying to do, but I don’t need to be told that – do you know how frustrating it is to be told your choices aren’t your choices and every action is the result of some kind of deep-seated trauma? Like, yeah, no shit,
“He must have felt good about himself, hmm? Sending you to college. He probably felt like he could pat himself on the back, consider his part well-done.”
“And may he find peace.”
“What?” He grunts, when he notices. His breath is wheezy.
“After two years.”
“No, you don’t need to do that for me.”
Steve is worrying his lip. It’s kinda cute. “I guess I’m asking if – someone organised that so you could convince him to sell.”
Bruce looks pained. “That isn’t fair, Steve. That isn’t fair and you know it.”
“Hah. Yeah, I mean – I get migraines. Awful, actually, I have medication, but it’s in my room. I think – you’re here tomorrow, right? We can table this for the morning – “
"Steve," Tony says, wrapping himself in a robe "I can deal, okay? I've handled hundreds of drops on my own, I don't need you now."
he says, with his face.
Sam is looking at him, one hand resting on his chin, because he knows Steve is lying. “Sure,” he says, nods. “Sure. Well if you need to talk — “
“Nowhere. Just drive.”
Tony exhales. He stubs the cigarette on the concrete, out of habit, and flicks it down into the water.
The rain is heavier now. The grass is turning to mud, and the flag on Tony’s coffin is soaked. Steve will need to speak soon. Quick, what does he say. What were his lines again? Heroism, sacrifice, home, this is really simple Steve, it’s three minutes and then you’re done.
“Yes,” he slurs, “yes, Sir.”
“I’m not doing it.”
it. I never liked it before. I never liked — the quiet.”
“Good. I’ll tell the driver to keep the car running.”
“Will you be honest with me?” Tony answers.
“Well, no.” And Tony smiles, actually smiles, one of those sardonic lip quirks he used to dole out by the dozen. “Obviously I didn’t.”
Tony blinks, wriggles free from Steve’s grip. He goes to wipe the sweat from his palm, only to realise it’s blood, and he’s aggravated the cuts. He hisses.
“Rumlow,” Steve greets, letting the man shake his hand, clap him on the back. “Where’s your date?”
The ship is like a quinjet. Two wings, sharp pointed dock; it comes in to land jagged, lopsided, hovers then snaps from the air, like a puppet with its strings cut.
He relaxes. Lets his whole body go loose, throws in a few moans, a few breathy whimpers. Steve grunts, slows his thrusts; pulls out, long and unhurried, takes back his hands and brackets them on either side of Tony’s heads. “That’s it,” he’s breathing, “let me hear you, go on, Stark. Let’s hear it.”
Tony’s never thought he was alpha. He’s only ever wanted to be what he was.
"How does that taste?" Steve asks "Good?"
Tony hadn’t left this bed much in the weeks before the accident. In fact, he’d spent most days lying here, either asleep, pretending to sleep, or surfing the internet. Sometimes he would lacklustrely pick up his work, try to get back to basics, invent simple things, but he would laugh and say whoever thought depression fuelled creativity was an idiot.
I FINISHED IT
“It’s not about you. Do it for
he thinks,
“That’s it!” Tony spits, turning to Steve, “That’s it! You won’t say anything to that? You don’t care? He can say that to me, and you don’t care?”
“The thing is,” Steve manages, after a pause, “it’s not you, it’s me.”
He’s wrong, of course.
Like home.
Steve holds out a hand. “It was nice – working with you,” he says pointedly. “These past months. Year, I guess. It was nice to get to know you better.”
"I am concussed." He replies, slowly. His thoughts move leadenly, like running through hot toffee. Hot, syrupy toffee. Syrup, then. Golden syrup. He's like golden syrup. Fuck, no, that's not right. What's like golden syrup? He can't remember.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Selfish?” Steve blusters “How? To, to miss my friend? My — my only — “
“You didn’t miss much.”
Tony stares at him. “I – it’s a real relief to hear you say that, Steve,” he tells him, honest, no jokes. “I think I might sleep a lot easier tonight.”
The room Diana has led him to is deep below the compound. As of this day, Tony still doesn’t know exactly where they are. All he knows it that above him is are the chambers that make up the council and that, down here, hundreds of stone steps under, are the rooms Diana takes her people to be tortured.
“Because we were – I don’t know, volatile?” He sounds so frustrated. “We would rub along against each other – “
“I’m so sick,” Tony croaks, watching the rain on the window. “I’m so fucking sick.”
“What makes you think I’ll have him do
(See the end of the chapter for
it’s just about being a good person, Jesus, Tony – “
“Some people think you’re a loose cannon. They’d like to see you aimed in the right direction.”
“But that would change everything,” Steve says. “No stones means – no Red Skull, not really. I wouldn’t have crashed. And New York wouldn’t have happened. There would be no team, Bucky never would have – “
think? He feels a little sick to his stomach, all too soon. Steve’s in a hospital bed, and what’s Tony doing? Shaving his fucking head? Like a – like a kid, going through a rebellious kick. Steve will want to come back to someone nice, and kind, and
Ah-hah. “No,” Tony says honestly, “I’m from New York.”
Apart from making him angry, Steve always wonders what people must have done to Tony to make him react so violently to a mistake. Apologising is natural, self-recrimination is not. And even if it was, not to the extent that Tony does it.
and the fact that every aspect of life is conspired against you, but the truth is, Stark, that you’re selfish. You put yourself first. And you’re a good human, but you can’t fucking help yourself, and you don’t even try.”
Killian puts his hand on his waist, where Steve’s had been, before. He decides he doesn’t like it, and realises that even though he doesn’t like it, he isn’t going to tell Killian to stop.
“How old is he?”
“You held your own?”
He doesn’t hear the footsteps.
“I’m not judgemental,” Steve says shortly. He straightens, swings his bag over his shoulder, turns to the locker. “Other people are.”
They get lunch at a bistro, and no one recognises them. “My mom used to take me here,” Tony tells Steve, absently, watching him chew a too-large bite of croque monsieur, chin balanced on hand.
“Then they wouldn’t be you,” Steve says warmly. “Enough about it, okay? I want to hear about you. Talk to me.”
Tony hollows his cheeks slightly, taking Steve deeper, deep enough that Steve can feel the back of his throat. "Oh my God," he gasps "fuck, you're a pro, aren't you Tony? Aren't you? God, what did I do to deserve you, what could I ever do."
“Not that old,” Tony mumbles.
Then there are footsteps pounding up the stairs. Christ, not for him, right? Please say the guest is going to bathroom. Please, for the love of God, don’t let them come in here —
He crushes. Tony coughs. He flicks open the blade, and he aims for Pierce’s eyes.
“Shh,” Steve is saying, hands on his shoulders. “Down, breathe Tony, it’s alright – “
“No.”
She frowns. “What you did together? Sure. Not often, he never hid it. Not from me, at least.”
Tony’s head is stuffed with clouds. Spirals behind his eyes. He groans, limbs solid rock, mouth slack.
“The General’s inside,” she answers instead, buzzing her pass on the door. “I’m sure he’ll explain.”
“Yeah. He thinks you’re rough with me, Steve.”
He does, clearly. It’s not about the money, it’s about what it represents. And he can’t — he can’t do it without breaking someone’s heart, he realises. But he doesn’t know if he can be apart of the world the way they want him to be.
Tony considers. “I don’t know,” he says. “I think… if I hadn’t spent time in the hospital like I did, I think I would have forgiven you.”
“And I’m not?”
He inhales, breathes out smoke.
Later, just at he starts to drop, Tony sits in the bath.
Tony nods, eyes fixed on Steve length. His tongue flicks out of the gag although Steve's doesn't know if he's aware he's doing it. "Soft and slow, okay? No rush." Steve slides both hands through Tony's hair, guides him carefully to his cock. He lines up the hole in the gag with the head, gently lowering Tony down until Steve is sheathed in the warmth. He moans, and fights the urge to thrust. "That's," he breathes "that's good. How's the air? You comfy?"
He thinks, this means the world is calling to him.
Remember that. You’d do well to avoid pissing me off.”
“You were — at the hospital, they said — “
"Here." Steve says softly, fingers gently pressing against a wound at the front of Tony's head. "It's bad. They have you on painkillers, right? Christ, I'm going to kill them, where'd the nurse go?"
Tony can practically hear his frown. “What do you mean, ‘so?’”
He twists the lock, slowly, carefully. Inches open the door, and peers through the crack.
“Who gave you that impression?” Tony tries to joke.
“Do you want me to go?” She asks quietly.
"Yeah. I -- I thought, after last week..."
And now. One last chance.
“Tony. Is something wrong?”
“Uh huh,” Tony agrees, drowsily. “Yeah, you, uh – fuck my tight hole, I guess.”
“No,” Steve murmurs, “I just want you.”
“The personal or the public.”
But it does feel good, to be thrumming with pleasure beneath the hands of someone who’s wings are broad enough to cloak him. Keep him safe.
with all those people?
Steve shrugs, licks some butter off his thumb. “Was it a contract? She wasn’t listed in your file.”
He feeds his hands up Tony ribs beneath the shirt, holding him steady. The touch of him feels good – intimate, somehow, more intimate than being screwed on the floor was. Maybe it’s the close proximity, the fact he can see Steve eyes, smell his arousal.
Tony sits up abruptly, wiping his tears. “What would you do?” He asks, drying his face on the hem of his shirt. “C’mon, tell me. If you had the gauntlet, what would do?”
“Absolutely I do. Doesn’t mean I’m – do you not have emotions?” The human asks, and it’s not cutting, or cruel; he’s genuinely wondering. “Like, your species, are they some kind of Vulcan – “
“But he must have said something,” Tony presses, lodging himself between the door and door-frame. “He must have, right? I think – whatever you heard, I can explain – “
They sip their drinks in companionable silence. Tony eats his toast, makes small-talk about what people wore, and who’s been fucking who, and where money changed hands. Steve is content to listen to him. He doesn’t know why, but recently he’s felt on borrowed time with Tony, like he needs to make every second count. Shut his eyes and remember exactly how he sounds, in these moments, when he’s just talking.
Tony lets Steve fold him into the chair, carefully buckling him in. "My head is killing me." Tony mumbles.
“I guess.”
But God, Sarah would be sad. And Rhodey… Rhodey would always blame himself. Is that fair? Tony feels like he’s going through motions. The urge to die is lessening even as he contemplates it. Why? Why does he need to die? To avoid doing something he doesn’t want to do? Who the fuck tries to kill themselves because they’ve just come into billions of dollars?
Tony's tongue works around Steve's length and Steve allows it, lying back and sighing, letting Tony work his cock. They stay that way for a few minutes, not really moving, Steve just enjoying the feel and Tony trying his hardest to please.
“Oh really?”
Tony wishes he had clothes. He doesn’t feel like it’s a good time to ask. He sips, and then downs the rest of the drink; it’s good. It’s warm.
“Yeah,” he says again, softly. “It’s me. I know I look different. I know I might… I might scent a bit different, too. But d’you know me, Steve? Captain?”
“I felt the same way, Tony. When I saw what Killian had done.”
“I believe you,” Steve says, and Tony feels relieved. Steve believes him. There won’t be any trips to psychs who peer into his head, and they won’t put him on some kind of watch, or send him to rehab. It was just a mistake, and Steve believes it.
“Ah,” he says, and Steve can hear his smile. “Well, that’s not true, is it?”
Steve sits, lets a nurse unstrap his suit, drip antiseptic across his wounds, stitch the worst. “Thank you,” she tells him, as if he’s done something worth thanking.
She spits. “Don’t have you have any soul left in you? Don’t you have – a family, or friends, people you want to revenge – “
“Then — who?”
Steve should be elated, then. He should be over the moon that now, Tony does care. That he’s regained enough possession of his mind and body to feel wrong when he’s invaded. He should be glad. “Do I – Tony, when you say touch…”
Which is more than Steve ever did.
Tony frowns. “I thought my stuff was seized?”
“Do you want me to?”
He nods. “I don’t know why,” he says, shortly.
Pepper pats his hand, smiles gently. “I know,” she says, “don’t worry, Steve. It’s fine.”
His head hurts, all of him is so heavy. “Thank you, Steve,” he says, frowning. “I’m sorry.”
Tony lets his head hit the pillow. “No,” he admits, “I’ve been staring at the ceiling for the past hour.”
“Ill, I get it.”
Tony hits the wall with an ‘oof’, trapped, secure and snug against Steve’s chest. Back safe, Steve warm and smelling like sex and alpha, big and broad
(More than them. Bruce was the only one out of all of them who really ever treated Tony like a friend. And when Tony took a side he couldn’t agree with, he did the right thing, and didn’t get involved.)
“I know that?”
“You,” Steve says dismissively, easily. Obviously, it will be Natasha. Why does she even want to have this discussion?
“Great. I’m coming
“Yes,” Steve says, honestly “they’re good people.”
“Stop,” someone says; Barnes. The door has been thrown open, and he’s holding out his good arm, pleading. “Tony, don’t you dare.”
“She had… oh, I don’t know what you’d call it now. She heard voices, in her head. And when, when my country decided that Adolf — ”
He feels himself listing to the side and he pushes out his hand to support himself. Shoddy service, he thinks. Who leaves their concussed patient alone in a -- in a --
Tony is looking at Steve with a look akin to exasperation and longing. “Yeah,” he says “Christmas. The 25th.”
New chapter up tonight or tomorrow!
“He knew you?” Steve asks, hushed.
“What, uh.” Steve clears his throat. “What is it?”
into something potentially life-endangering, or the strange little vial that Fury keeps up his sleeve.
“Definitely,” Steve says with a smile that doesn’t reach his eyes. Pepper reaches for him, her hand hovering by his elbow. It looks, for a moment, like she might say something more. But then she pats him lightly and moves away, her heels sharp against the ground.
“You know? Tony — come back. Come back to us, I know — “
“Uh, from this view? No, not so much.”
Pierce tsks. “But you look so pretty in the vest, Tony, it brings out your waist.”
“Because it’s
“Steve,” Tony blinks, rubbing at his face, bleary. “Sorry, I was – asleep.”
Tony skitters on his feet. The solider is stiff. The Kevlar is rough against his chest. They have to move the solider, so he knows how to do it. Arm around Tony’s waist, the other gripping his hand, not even holding it. Tony’s legs give out. His face smears into his shoulder. They have him waltz Tony around the floor, feet slack, burning when they’re dragged around the carpet.
“Tony,” Steve says quietly. “I’m not sure this is a good idea.”
“I’m in time for dinner, huh?” He hears Steve say.
But then, when Tony was scarred and charred and lying in a hospital bed in a foreign country, Steve hadn’t balked, had he? He’d sat there with him, and held his hand, even when he’d spat at him, and threatened him, and screamed curses about his lineage.
Steve frowns at him, punch-drunk on whatever the fuck he’s been drugged with. “Silly boy,” he says fondly, letting his head fall back, gripping Tony’s waist. “C’mere,” he slurs, pulling him down his body, trailing slick along his chest. Tony’s exhilarates; he fucking loves to be manhandled, moved around like he weighs nothing. He giggles.
Steve looks at him, but he doesn’t let go. “Your eyes – ”
“Right,” Steve says. “Of course. But – you know it was a formality, right?” And Steve’s tone is near desperate, suddenly. “You know that – you never really would have been charged. Ross’s dirty dealings, that had nothing to do with you, no one wanted you – you prosecuted – “
“God, you’re just full of questions tonight, huh?”
When Steve comes back, he’s not wearing the apron. “C’mon,” he says, pulling his coat off of a hook, “wear this.”
“I had a moment of clarity. I could not kill my brothers.”
The boy’s shoulders are turned in, sloped. He drags his feet. Steve covers his eyes to hold back tears, and pulls it back dry; they do not come.
“Why?” Bruce hisses “Why didn’t you stop her?”
Fingers fumbling with the laces on Tony’s back. That’s the point of these vests; they’re so pretty, but you can’t put them on without help. Can’t take them off without help, either. Clothes for the owned; your alpha will decide when you’re clothed, and when you’re naked, and there’s nothing you can do about it.
“What? What does that mean?”
“You’re awake,” Steve says. “I thought you were sleeping. Sorry if I woke you.”
Steve frowns, lightly. “Sure,” he says, “maybe. You have his colouring, and he was pretty sharp, too. Why?”
"I am concussed."
“What do we have here?”
Steve gently rests his hand on the small of Tony’s back and helps lead him through the sitting room. “Everyone,” he says carefully “Tony’s feeling a bit better so he’s joining us today.”
“Yeah, well your Captain does. He trusts me.”
“It’s okay, Steve,” she smiles, cupping his hand. “Look at me – I said, look at me. It’s
“You’re going to dance with me,” someone is whispering in his ear, at his back, taking his wrist, wrapping their arm around his waist. He smells younger than the rest. Like cologne, and something sweet. “C’mon, Stark,” they urge, swaying him from side to side, “put some effort into it. I know you love to dance.”
Sarah smiles sadly. “I don’t know. I think it’s complicated.”
“Really?”
Steve doesn’t turn to look. His breath fogs in the air. Tony joins him, there, and they both stand, looking out over the Niagara river.
“Steve,” Bucky prompts, softly. Two fingers tap his arm. “You’re up.”
Tony waves his hand. Let’s it drop, limp, against his knee. “I could have done better,” he admits. Steve shakes his head. He couldn’t have done better. There was nothing he could have done. And even here, about to die, he thought –
They stand in silence for a little while longer, until a dusting of snow has coated itself over their coats. “How’s Sarah?” Steve asks eventually. “How are the kids?”
"It's cold."
“Because this is a hospital,” the doctor says calmly, kindly. “Because we think it’s better you don’t see Steve, for awhile. Can we talk about him, Tony? Can we talk about Steve, and your relationship?”
Tony drags open his eyes. He shrugs his shoulders.
Now, she’s talking about taking Tony out tomorrow. She says she understand it’s the anniversary of his parent’s death (Steve curses himself for forgetting) and he wants to visit the graves. She says she’s more than happy to drive him, since it’s on the way, and she’ll happily drive him back too.
“Oh please, you’re desperate for it,” Tony scoffs, “I can smell it off you. Who was the last person you fucked? Probably dead in the ground by now.”
"Sir? A... an orange?"
Steve feels something strike cold his belly. “Yeah,” he says “I’ll — “
“Not if you have money,” Tony snorts.
“Gus,” he says “Gus, they’re here, I told you,” he knocks Gus with his foot, prods him “Gustav, they’re here.”
“The guy that works the security cameras is going to have a field day,” Tony croaks, swallowing hard against his bruised tonsils.
The voice laughs, huffs, and then sounds, more than anything, of relief. “Jesus,” he says “I didn’t know where to find you. No one could tell me anything, there’s been nothing on the news — “
That’s just the concussion talking, the second voice sighs. And that might be true. Tony’s head is still ringing from where he tried to end it against the wall of his nice bedroom two nights ago. It could also be the drugs they’ve plied him with. But that’s not the point: he has a theory.
"Am I."
He screams again. For a long time. Here, they don’t bother with quieting noises or patience. Someone injects him with something, and time fractures once more.
about existing that he thought ending it was truly the easier option. What happened? What has altered?
“Don’t talk about him. Please, just – don’t fucking talk about it.”
He tries to telegraph with his eyes. Steve ignores him, though. He shuffles Tony closer, one hand on his ass. “I don’t know what we’re doing,” he admits. “We shouldn’t be doing this, huh? It’s wrong.”
“He’s cut,” the girl is saying “and he’s nicely trained – knows your basic sit stay come. We know he must have had a family before, because he’s just so good with children, but they found him wandering the streets after – “ and the girl cuts short, tactfully. Steve and Tony both know what she’s going to say: after New York.
“What about you, Tony. What’s your fantasy?”
to him! He’ll fucking hurt me anyway, Steve, don’t be a stupid boy and think past your prick, if he’s got a plan it doesn’t matter what – “
He feels furs under his belly, feels his nakedness, and it doesn’t bother him, not really, why would it, but it sends the first tendrils of doubt running through his mind, curling at the base of his skull. A feeling of unease settles in his belly.
“No,” Richards agrees, shaking, “no, not hard. You’re right, Captain.”
think, typical.
He scents like home, now and always.
Tony nods. The Captain, has done what? What has Steve done? Where was he, again? “Is he okay?” He slurs. “Is Steve okay?”
Meaning him,
He says nothing. He sips his drink.
“And then I saw the date today and I just – I just thought I’d come and help.”
“Fine,” Tony croaks, sliding out of the door, onto the main road; another car swerves to avoid him, he has to dash across the street. This neighbourhood is utterly unfamiliar. He ducks into the alley next to a café, braces his hand on the wall, breathes. His hands are shaking. It starts to rain.
Steve comes; he tugs back Tony's head, spilling over his face, his lips, painting his cheeks with ropes of come. He's panting, exhausted, and Tony tips back his head, lets his eyes half-close and allows Steve to mark him with his spend.
“Didn’t know what?” Steve interjects.
But Tony’s feet are already in the water. “Just a paddle then,” he says distantly, aching with a sudden intensity. He needs to be in the water, he has to be, why doesn’t Steve understand? “I won’t be long,” he says again, and starts wading in, water quickly up to his knees.
Tony frowns. He has seen so many strange faces today, in places they shouldn’t be.
The girl who shows them around is young, chirpy. Tony seems to disappear into his hoodie, hands buried in the pocket and large, swarthy grey material swamping him. She shows them puppies, and Steve asks Tony which one he likes. He suggests one, and then another, and Tony just shrugs, kicks his feet against the dusty concrete ground.
History lesson.
“I guess — “ Tony’s stomach lurches; had he been hungry? How had he not noticed? “I guess I could take some cake.”
"Eggs." Tony says, coherently.
“They were,” the man murmurs. “We have proof. I still have – dust on my hands.”
New York hasn’t changed, not at all. The streets are still busy, people still live their lives. Tony had forgotten; how self-centred is that? But hidden away in the facility, he had forgotten that ordinary people live ordinary lives, that life goes on, that somewhere people still dance in clubs and drink fine wine and worry about taxes.
“Let go, Steve,” Bruce says gently. Steve blinks. People are watching him again, and Gus is shivering.
And Steve would bury his brow into Tony’s forearm, his shoulder. “Jesus I miss him,” he would breathe “you have no idea, you have no fucking idea Tony, what I would do. You don’t know, you don’t know what I’d do to have all that back.”
“I walked. From the hotel. What did Rumlow say?” He pleads.
“I don’t think you’re making the right decision,” Fury presses. “Jesus, Stark, do you think I want him to suffer? I’m telling you, this is too much risk. Stark. I don’t want you hurt.”
a study I wouldn’t want to be on the receiving end of.”
“He was there,” Steve finds himself speaking up. “I saw him. It’s dangerous for him to even show his face.”
Richards whimpers.
Steve strips off his jacket and wraps it around Tony's shoulders. "You still feeling chilly?"
Tony turns and looks at Steve’s tear-soaked face. Why is he crying, what does he have to cry about? He won, he doesn’t have to worry about anything. Tony can hear the people at the bottom of the lake calling him, they want him to live there. And Tony won’t have to worry about anything, he can be safe in the mud, warm and covered and alone. So he bites Steve’s arm and Steve cries out, releasing him, so he can wade in, thick.
Pierce laughs. He claps Steve’s hand, and tells him to enjoy the rest of the night. It’s
“I don’t know, I hear he’s taking his meals through a straw now, which is progress.”
Sometimes he’d test the fear. He’d work himself up to, poke his head out, open his eyes and – and the room was always empty. There never were any monsters. Now, when he cracks open his eyes, Peter’s eye loom close in his vision; on his hands and knees, pressing his head to Tony’s as if to examine his face. He recoils, jerks, sits up and wraps his arms around his head.
"You told me your ears were ringing."
“No, I’m being practical. I think, we get this tower up and running, make it central command. Or maybe somewhere upstate. Your choice.”
“I know. I haven’t been around lately.”
“No!” Steve blusters “No, no, I — I want you to go. I mean, I want you to do what you want. Yeah, of course you can. It’s not like — I’m your keeper, or whatever, I can’t actually tell you what to do.”
Tony feels – calmed, eyelids a little heavy. “Sometimes I don’t like to be treated right,” he hears himself saying.
“When were you going to tell me that you paid for this?”
“Watch your mouth, Barton,” the voice growls.
“Are you seriously proposing? Here? Now?” Tony is starting to suspect the security system was only an excuse for meeting.
He can’t breathe, Steve realises, panicked. Take off the gag, he can’t breathe.
“It was a calculated risk. I wanted to help you. Fury was against it.”
He really, really can’t believe this is his life now.
Maybe, Richards realises. “But I’ll do anything,” he begs. “I’ll pay reparation, really pay – I have money. I can – I’ll get on my knees to him. I’ll apologise, I’ll let him do whatever he wants – “
“You killed my boyfriend.”
Pierce’s figure is blurry. “You protect me,” he slurs.
Tony slits open his eyes. He can see just a touch of the soldier’s skin. Stubble. When his eyes start playing tricks on him, and the stubble seems to grow flowers, he shuts them. There’s music. The soldier is – gentle. He shifts his grip. His fingers do not dig into Tony’s waist, but hold him. Careful. Precise.
“I’m not. My mom was. My dad… wasn’t. But he agreed to be buried here, to make her happy.”
“What, Sarah? Oh no, she thinks I’m crazy. Yeah, hearing voices. Well it wouldn’t be unfounded, but you know. So here’s the question: how long does a guy have to wait before he’s allowed to visit his best friend?”
He’s put on weight, though, according to the scales. And every fluctuation is carefully noted down so Steve can report it to the doctors, and every pound he gains he’s a step closer to freedom. It’s been a week; maybe, maybe if he’s lucky, he might be out of here by Christmas.
Tony is silent for a long time. Or not silent, just – quiet, as if building up to what he has to say. Steve expects more. In the end, all he says is this:
“You know what it is, Steve?” He murmurs, letting his head rest fully against his chest, “I am… instrumental.”
Pierce smiles at him. “You do,” he agrees, nodding. “You certainly do. Here – sit, please. Can I get you anything else?”
“Yeah well — you can be sometimes, you know that? Steve? You can be an idiot. I was an idiot too, when I was thirty. We all make mistakes. It’s — my fault, for ever thinking, or even — letting it go so far — “
“You gonna screw me?” He asks, stupidly unable to keep want out of his voice, like he’s in heat and it’s his first time.
“I know what you’re asking.”
ofc, your thoughts on their dynamic and how their thoughts motivations come across are very appreciated
“Good morning,” Natasha says dourly. “There’s coffee in the pot.”
They both got what they deserved in the end.
“I know you do,” he replies, softly. “Actually, Tony, I – “
“What’s that?”
“And here,” Steve murmurs, carefully taking his other foot. “Less, though.”
Fury says, they took the betas out back and shot them. And then, they made the alphas watch when they took turn with the omegas, all three of them, one by one.
That makes sense. Tony can’t move, anyway, he’s so tired. Pierce rolls him over, starts on the buttons of his shirt. Tony’s eyes are shut. His jaw is slack. When Piece touches the clasp of his pants, he panics, tries to lift his head, and is greeted with a wrist, proffered under his nose. Pierce scents calm, and safe. Tony is calm and safe. He falls back against the pillows.
"Uh, no. You won't be flying."
Steve quietly keeps up his long touches to Tony's face. Gently, he leans down, fingers fumbling with the straps of the spreader bar. He lets it fall to the ground, takes Tony's shoulders, carefully pulling him forward. "What do you say we go upstairs and... take some time."
He leaves his hand tucked against Tony’s cheek. He scents his wrist as he sleeps, hears them murmur over him, but no longer listens.
She hears him, later, in the dark of what would be night. “Peter
“Yeah, but how much were you pulling
Ty smushes Tony’s cheeks together, pulls him sharply forward. “Then I will fucking destroy you.”
“Oh, I would love to,” she grits out, hooking her hands under his arms, “but your life is worth something, human. Your life is worth an infinity stone. Are you going to let the Wizard’s sacrifice go to waste? They’re dead because of you.”
“You weren’t,” Steve agrees, but even that’s said like it’s all easy-breezy apple-pie. “Sit,” he orders, pulling out the chair at the head of the table.
Steve is angry. Or at the very least, frustrated. And for the first time in a long time, it’s at him. “Tell me that when we’re at home, and tell me that when it’s work, tell me that – any other time, Tony, than when you’ve invited me,
And he’s crying. The wet on his cheeks is not rain. “It would be — “ his voice hitches, his shoulders clench, and he’s about to start sobbing here, in front of everyone, on this stage, with Tony’s body behind him in a coffin with a flag that is wet, and it is still raining, and his suit is soaked and his hair is soaked and the air still smells of ozone, the cameras are still trained on his face, his friends are still staring at him with pity, and time ticks on, and it is still raining. “An honour,” he manages once more. “Because he was my friend. And he was a great man. But — more than that, to me. A friend.”
Tony frowns. "Yes I -- I am concussed?"
Tony winces. “Probably, yeah. I admire your guts, though. Not many people would buy me a drink under his nose.”
“I didn’t say anything.”
“He – wanted to upset me.”
“I want…” Steve’s mouth is dry “I want to be there.” He sees his friends smile, he sees an eternal sun and fields of gold. “How do I get there?”
