The turning over of scenes in her mind narrowed in to the last moment she'd seen him, the angel scouring the corners of it for any clue of where Dean might have gone.
“Hey, no offence,” the ferryman said. “Just makin’ conversation. Like I says, not every day I get a pair like you two. You come from the upper city?”
“I told you I wasn’t going to leave you,” Dean said, taking hold of Cas and, pulling him to his feet, and focusing on the brightness of the portal. A single step took them back to the glowing line, which was already curling closed. But before they could step back out, the Shadow in the Empty was there too, holding a blade of darkness to Cas’ neck.
“Come on, son,” Alastair said gently. “Anything you want?” he pressed a hand to the edge of Dean’s cheek, briefly, and let it fall.
that was now just purpose, whittled down to a fine, sharp point. Seemed like he got nasty when he couldn’t play with his toys anymore.
"Yes it is," the suicide tree insisted. "You should have seen it. I woke up and I was alone, but now the burning one is here."
“Funny,” Azazel said, walking toward the door. Castiel was frozen for a moment in shock, then started to dart away, careening right into a janitor’s cart. Everything went flying. Cas tried to catch himself but banged into the edge of the cart and scraped his hand.
“Remember when I was at work and I heard a shady conversation between Uriel and a man with yellow eyes?”
In the light, everything was made red; the solemn trees, the half-forgotten sky. Though the earth swallowed the sound of his footsteps, there was a ringing that set the dry branches to shivering; some broke with a sharp crack and fell to the ground. The light felt as warm as honey, and as slow. It called to him to turn around.
“It’s not that easy,” Cas said. “I have a husband to support. And a house to pay mortgage on. And food to buy that I don’t eat!”
"I'm serious," Alastair said. "They mean to raise you. Cleanse your soul of the demonic taint—it's still possible, you know, you're not quite one of us yet—" Dean frowned and opened his mouth to interrupt, but Alastair waved him quiet. "Then the Archangel Michael will possess you and fight Lucifer in the Apocalypse."
When Cas walked into the kitchen Dean was leaning against the counter, drinking a fresh cup of coffee.
“Yes, I see,” Cas said, with a tone of deep concentration. So they danced, Dean doing a few swing steps he’d picked up over the years and just letting Cas follow along however he felt like, until he noticed that Cas had gotten the pattern.
“We’re leaving Dis?” Dean asked. In all his wonderings, he hadn’t even imagined that their final destination might lie further out.
"The Sword, actually," Alastair said. "The Sword of Michael. It was destined before you were even born. We've been waiting for the end for a long time. But…"
"I thought I was alone," the sapling said, when Dean drew near. One leaf brushed against him in welcome. "I woke up and I was alone, but now the burning one has found me. It will take me to paradise."
“Fine.” The footsteps trailed away. Cas was a bit concerned. He left the closet and sneaked down the hall. “What is he up too?” he muttered. Cas kneeled down and looked through the keyhole of Uriel’s office. Inside, Uriel was offering a drink to a man with eyes that shone disturbingly yellow in the sunlight.
. Without thinking, Dean threw the mug away from him—against the wall—overcome by a wave of fear and frustration. The cup shattered with a crash, and a dark stain dripped down the formerly pristine surface. Cas stared in astonishment.
Dean leaned back, shrugged uneasily. “I’m not—that. Just a blunt little instrument. I don’t fit here, you
Alastair shrugged. "The promise of better times ahead. Paradise for demons. Everything we'd ever want. But everything I'd ever want is already here. I can only lose." He turned back to Dean, and the look in his pale eyes burned like magnesium fire. "I won't lose you, Dean. You're my greatest creation."
Dean took a drink, and didn’t quite realize when the blur of the movie had drifted away, and he’d fallen into an exhausted sleep.
The blob of brightness, which had been a reflective bowl almost a moment ago, had differentiated into a mass of crawling shapes streaking through the chain-linked sky. She made out numerous four-headed creatures in the heavenly army: lion, ox, eagle, and human faces; a mass of feathers in brown and gold, legs of a calf with hooved feet gleaming like polished brass. Below the high shriek of noise was a beat that pounded through her chest like waves, the beat of the army's wings. Blood was streaked across the nails of their human hands, and with every wingbeat, a light mist of blood fell onto Bela's shoulders and her upturned face. Like discs, behind them, were the kind of concentric circles Bela associated with optical illusions, as they seemed to be moving both inward and outward, forward and back, but always round and round, glowing a gold so bright she could barely look at them. They swooped above the rest of the army like UFOs, gazing to every side with an uncanny number of eyes; whenever a bat-winged demon came close enough to attack one they would be unceremoniously sliced in half by the spinning blades, their bodies falling through the clear green air. Even from where she stood, Bela could tell that, despite the dark swarm of demons filling the air with smoke and teeth, the armies of Heaven were wiping the floor with them. She gazed at the clash slack-jawed, her torturing forgotten; she couldn't move. If she moved, she knew, they would be on her. She would be sucked into the noise and the light and would never find herself again.
. But the noise was in her bones, now, and it made it hard to think. A sudden blast of heat from above made her wince, and then, despite herself, she looked up again.
Alastair led him away from the water via cobbled, climbing alleys that barely held a cart, and through a nondescript door into a low room lighted with candles. The walls were a mosaic of green and blue glass in the shape of waves, the tablecloths were clean and pressed and the servers had no tongues. Alastair ordered pure virgin blood, the real deal; and a heaping collection of sweetmeats: marzipan confections in the shape of swans, glittering with coarse sugar and gilded with silver leaf; buttery gold masghati flavored with rose water and saffron; dates; and sugar plums; and konda kavum—glistening red rice oil cakes with kithul syrup and fennel.
by orange_crushed. It's a short fic set during season 9 with Mark of Cain/demon Dean. Bela's the main character, & it follows her & Cas' travels through hell in order to find Dean, who has become king (& hates it).
When he breathed out, even the slight warmth of his breath misted the surface of the silvery spires around them. He and Alastair looked to be on the top of a mountain range separating two parts of Hell, each lost in a low mist so that only the mountain range itself was visible. But instead of being made of rock, the entire mountain was made of metal; some parts melted like hardened slag but most reaching upward with razor-sharp tips that gave the impression the whole thing was made of giant needles. For a moment, Dean felt almost like the mountain had actually ripped open the featureless sky.
Cas looked uncomfortable. “Oh,” he said, taking the book out of his trench coat. “My apologies. I’m afraid your privacy has been compromised.”
“You don’t have to worry about that,” Cas said, with a mischievous little grin. “I’ll top your pizza.”
Alastair just smiled at him enigmatically, shaking his head. Dean had promised not to ask for the whole scoop until Alastair was ready to give it but just for a moment he wanted to shake him.
"...You're serious." Dean said. He thought for a moment. "That makes no fucking sense. What the fuck?" he sat up, grimacing at the twinge of protest his body made at the movement. "The devil's just a story they tell at demon sunday school."
unimaginative,” Lilith pouted, crossing her arms. “Earth, doofus. Just miles and miles of the place… so many newborns… all ours.”
Hell’s a piece of shit.” His off-handed tone was belied by the way his gaze kept being dragged to the window. The green, bright aspect of his soul, not entirely corrupted yet, rose in his eyes, reflected the glow of the distant light. Even from this remove, Alastair noticed the trace of awe that couldn’t be buried, in response to
She thought a lot about the apocalypse. Not about the destruction they'd get to ravage on Earth, not about the prizes that might be found there—stories and whispers already passing through the streets that it was time, it was time; didn't you see the angels attacked? It's starting—
In a lavish sitting room, the windowless walls covered in damask drapery perfumed with roses, polished silver chalices on every surface, and the mounted heads of her enemies staring down in empty-eyed beauty, sat the Queen of the Crossroads and the High Inquisitor. They sat across from each other on either side of a polished ebony coffee table inlaid with rubies and ivory.
attached,” Lilith warned. “I mean, in what, a month or two? He’s set to be airlifted out of here by the flying fuckfaces and then—bye-bye Winchester, hello Lucifer-Michael prizefight.” She leaned back, a glazed look in her eyes. “Damn, that’ll be hot. Seeing one of those uptight creeps walking around in that meatsuit, don’t you think?”
If he weren’t so wound up over Cas’s radio silence he would have found a speck of amusement that his brother knew him so well.  Maybe out of spite or an iota of assholery, he opened Sam’s message so it would register as read and pocketed the phone again.  It wasn’t Sam’s fault his heart felt like it had been skinned by a cheese grater, but he wasn’t giving up the ghost quite yet.
The beleaguered pout resting on Dean’s face drew the angel to scoot closer to him on the couch.  “Apologies.  I will refrain from ruining the drama of alien lizard men antics in the future.”
Sam drew his clenched fist up to his lips as if to stop the flood then relaxed after a disturbingly long moment.  “Nah nah.  Just feel like it’s not sitting right, ya know?”
“After our informant reemerged from his long seed with the militia group, too many variables we couldn’t account for magically fell into place.  You read the official report – since when have that many footnotes held the keys to so many open questions?  If this case were a puzzle, that debrief would have been the last six pieces found on the floor after jamming the wrong pieces together for months.  If Agent Davies was as involved as he seems, OPR would have had their foot in his door the moment that undercover agent returned with his perfect fitting answers.”
As he showered, the agent spoke of this world’s Benny with reverence and respect.  This Benny seemed just as ravenous, but instead of human blood, he hungered for justice.  What a pure sentiment for a twisted and depraved thing as a vampire, he thought.  Still yet another person they knew gave this Dean companionship, and for that he was grateful.
He eyed the pair of oblong white pills on the peaking over the edge of the island and fiddled with the drawstrings on the linen pants Cas lent him.  The oatmeal colored garment was nowhere near as soft as the pair Cas flitted around in, but he found a great deal of satisfaction in donning something Cas lounged in.
“What are you talking about?  I didn’t…” he halted as the wafting odor of his shirt hit his nose.  “Oh, uh… I’ll go do that…”
Cas rejected the notion out of hand, pulling the agent so close his tears fell against the side of his face.  The view came closer again folding him closer into the energy around them.
“For now I’ve been offered a teaching position at Quantico.  I haven’t seen her in years, but Agent Mills vouched for me.”
Even though he was sure he wouldn’t forget such a name, he made sure to bookmark his commercial website for later perusal.  “You don’t sound thrilled that I know now.”
He scooted shoulder to shoulder with him to take advantage of the added cushioning.  “Nearly every movie ever made is better than this disgrace.  The velociraptor isn’t even a velociraptor. It’s a man in an inflatable T-rex costume.”
A faint tired scoff puffed out of him.  Defensively he drew his arms in to wrap around his elbows on the table then relaxed his hands, feeling his partner’s scrutiny. “Nothing I’ve experienced since has been as bad as the smell of Black Ridge, KY.  This case never got as bad as Seattle, but it got close.”
Davies tried to reach for Sam’s hand, but was restrained by the cuffs.  The only reward for his efforts was a painful yelp.  His friend cast as soothing a gaze as he could.  They eyes dipped back down to the grenade now twitching free between his exhausted awkwardly angled knees.
“Avoiding the sliver of limelight a nonfiction author basks in like the plague deters upscale dining experiences in big cities, I’m afraid,” he exhaled after a swig of cab.
“Not likely.  Assuming no one knows about the bunker’s connection to the Men of Letters aside from the three of us.”
As they raced up the steep incline to the fake neighborhood at the top of a mountainous outcropping, he went from lightly smoothing the skin of his inner pointer finger over his lips to nibbling at it absently staring out the window.  Sam finally cajoled him out of his belly button gazing with a firm ‘ahem’.
The walls of their link dilated and swelled as Cas took the agent’s hand.  Dean’s heart overflowed with densely colored affection as he intertwined their fingers.
He crossed his arms over his chest and considered it, squinting at his brother in morse code.  If grace desynchronization leaves a material manifestation, what would it even look like?  Sound? Radiation? Heat?  “You’re thinking we could follow the breadcrumbs of Cas’s jazzed up Grace to whatever place he went to?”
The older laptop sat out on the library table between neatly stacked piles of books and a half filled legal pad.  It was rare that one of the hunters weren’t researching, watching videos, or wasting time on it so Cas took the rare opportunity to solve for the myriad of solutions he needed.  All of the current problems before him were complicated further now that he was low on Grace and had to factor in fourteen to sixteen hours a day of recuperative slumber.  He could only push it off for another hour or so before his vessel would thrust it upon him unwillingly.
The moment the door shut behind him in his dark sparsely decorated house, he dropped his pants and kicked them in the direction of his bathroom where the hamper held and overflowing heap of similarly discarded business wear.  His white button down shirt followed suit, leaving him in black socks and sweat splotched boxer briefs.  Man, tomorrow’s Dean was really gonna need a shower.  He stared into the middle distance of the fridge and fumbled for any tall brown glass bottle of calming libation.  The cap wrenched free with the twist of the half-naked mermaid bottle opener a quirky computer analyst gave him for the holidays.  She had a tendency to drone on about dragons and wizards more than he liked, but she made up for it with tales of busty maidens in distress or undress or both.
The door to room 427 was unlocked so after a knock went unanswered, he strode inside.  The open curtain left the waning sunshine to cast light about the otherwise dark room.  The stranger gazed out the window up at the clouds as if uninterested in anything happening immediately around him.  Dean’s navy blazer was still gripped between his fingers on his left hand while his right was handcuffed to the rail of the hospital bed.  The hours of rest must have curbed his gut pain, that or they were giving him any number of intense painkillers.  That relieved him far more than he considered helpful to the case.  Even if he spent the next week watching over this handsome creature, it was a welcome break from interrogations and the chaotic experience of aiding a police raid.
A potently sad song reverberated in the headphones just as his spirits rose.  He moved to skip to another less harrowing one when he felt the slight vacuum waft air from under his door.  Two dull knocks sounded and his muffled groan permitted him entry.  He steeled himself at the sight of windblown hair complimented by a pair of nocturnal blue eyes that curved around the door.  A slightly down turned face found his eyes and wrinkled into a meek smile.  Dean’s heart began to pound much harder than anticipated despite the usually calming quality of their locked stares.  The usual coat was replaced by one of his Cas-me-down shirts and new pair of jeans he forced into his hands after the last secondhand pair saw one tear too many.  The sight of Cas in his hand-me-downs still triggered a deep baritone thumping in his chest.  In order to spare himself from the blood that darted too far south for his comfort when he saw Cas wrapped in his dark blue button downs, he dragged him to a store to supplement his meager assemblage of clothing.  The memory of their trip out brought with it an effortless smile.  His complaints about the unnecessary energy they expelled on his behalf were thoroughly rebuked.  He threw pair after pair of jeans over the changing room door and threatened him with tiny rings of holy oil until he broke down and settled on a couple.  His preferences did smack familiar of their own, but pops of color he would not have picked for himself squeaked their way into Cas’s selections.  There the object of such attention stood at the corner of his bed, eyes suddenly drifted down towards his socked feet.  His head canted lightly as his ever-observant eyes squinted, begging a question he cared not lend voice to.   Dean looked down to feel the sudden flow of air past his belly button and obvious rise of his shirt’s hem. Self-consciously he lifted his headphones off of his head, sat up against his pillows, and pulled his shirt down.  “Hey, Cas.”
The stern grimace thrown in his direction thinned as he walked around them, a low murmur about repairing something trailing in his wake.
One final e-mail remained come late that afternoon.  Since clearing a major case most agents found a reason or two to head home early for the day or find a bar to celebrate at with coworkers and supervisory approval.  Dean however was only lucky enough to finish clearing his inbox when a call came in from Sam.  Surprised as Sam had resorted to communicating strictly through images of the stranger in varying states or unconsciousness, Dean answered the call quickly.  “Sam, what’s going on?”
The confessional nature of rain dawned on him as he powered Baby back in the direction of his empty home, full of the memories of an affection uprooted and wandering.  During his first real bender after Cas had left, he began praying to him wherever he landed.  It took a fifth of whiskey to give himself the courage to let out an ounce of the agitation and fury and apathy that burrowed so deeply into his soul he thought not even a weather balloon could buoy him out of the penetrating scar of earth he dumped himself into.  He deserved to be unhappy without Cas.  Meeting him was fate and being without him was fate’s retribution.  The more selfish prayers he allowed to fall from his lips the less weight was on his shoulders, the less the trench in his soul ached, but only enough to get him through the following day.  That’s when he started leaving the house and visiting the Roadhouse again, seeking friendly solace in Benny. Benny never met Cas.  Without thinking he couldn’t let slip the true nature of his woe while Sam on the other hand, was able to wound him without trying, without meaning to.
Moisture prickled at his lower lids that he instinctively tried to blink away.  The vision of Cas holding Claire close on holidays while Sam talks with his hands over a fuzzy home movie style film filter crossed his mind.  Come to think of it, he entertained its possibility more than once before Cas made it all the more attainable by pressing that same desire into him through his overly intense but oh so
Sam sat on the edge of the rough textured couch and patted beside himself for Mick to sit while he rehashed the declassified details out loud.  “According to the report he was arrested after the raid and held on several terrorism related charges.  As far as they should know he is still be there.  Unless…”
He nodded with a sly smile.  “The only time I saw them together was during the altercation, so I can’t say much about their dynamic.”
“And, the Elders preferred to know you keep our existence to yourself.  I don’t think any of them have actually read a single word you’ve written or they would have seen the breadcrumbs.”
The older Winchester sat up to watch him leave the room, come back, shut the door behind himself, and brighten up the dimmed lights enough so he could see his face from across the room, but not enough to read his expression.  “I’m starting to think it’s not just my movie choices that offended you.  Was it something I moaned?” he smirked.
He nodded solemnly.  “As we left Easton, the burgeoning power overheard was Raijin calling out to get the raijyu back from you two.  In all likelihood the fire familiar ceased to be when you tried to recapture it using the witch as bait with that spell in White Creek.  I believe these raijyu initially took up residence in the Blackbears thus caused their deaths and failed to kill their remaining child.”
There was no noise in the distant bedroom, so he wondered towards it.  Dean had been home for some time already, but it was odd for him to go so long without greeting him.   He straightened his stance and knocked on the bedroom door.  Stern heels padded in his direction shaking his loose posture rigid nervously. The door swung open to the jittery mossy green eyed agent standing before him bare chested.  Cas took in every detail between his precisely developed biceps for the first time.  From his well-defined pecs to the toned abs holding them up, it was evident that the agent maintained a disciplined fitness regime his Dean didn’t.  Goosebumps cascaded down his chest to the dark trail that peeked out over the top button of his work pants.  Staring at his unblemished freckled chest was another reminder of its foreign nature.  No circular spiked tattoo blessed his pert pec.  No hastily engraved flesh or light scars to remind him of the many trials endured during his identical number of rotations around the sun.  A change of clothes re-adjusted in his grip practically waving for him to look up at his face.  Daring his eyes to flick upwards, a dusting of pink scattered on his cheeks.  Their link slithered open from both directions at once like a vibrantly color spattered brush meeting a nude canvas, both irrevocably altered.  Cas mumbled something immediately to forestall the agent from focusing on the creeping warmth spattered across his cheeks.   The agent held his gaze pensively.  Cas scrambled for any distraction to put meager distance between them before his mind fluttered back to his vivid imaginings in the bathroom minutes before.  Food!  Surely the agent proved to be just as ravenous as his Dean, but this version actually went out for runs. While his Dean mentioned the vigorous cardiovascular activity sparingly, more often than not opting for beer runs in their stead.  Ah yes, he hitched back onto his train of thought, dinner and the movie.
Sam braced his hands on the edges of the table and nodded at Dean perched uneasily at the end of the nearest book case.  He stared at the ceiling dead ahead of him and cleared his mind.  The concentrated repetition, monitoring of form, balance, and speed during his hours of yoga and endurance running prepared him for channeling a solitary focus into his body. Here we go, he thought.
“It was a sizable commune and they primarily followed an oral tradition.  I also had a… naturally desirable trait amongst their collective so they I used their own preferences to mislead them.”
Cas returned a pensive stare and stroked his chin, distracting the agent with the brush of a forefinger across his bottom lip.
his overworked engine stalled out.  Fingers gripped fast to his long sleeves desperately, every part of him drenched with fear so deep no light could reach it.
“Moving to Theta is too risky,” Dean declared solemnly.  “Ketch is so interested in my comings and goings I might catch him going through my trash,” he reasoned.  Cas stood beside him on the far side of the island and offered him his bowl.  He dug out utensils in a nearby drawer and they started in on their dinners.  “Plus Theta is so far out,” he pointed past the door with his fork.  “It would leave Castiel alone for even longer during the day.  After his Shawshank stunt, I have no case; there’s no reason for me to be in the field other than open investigation work.  I have a whole hell of a lot less time to figure out what sent Major Cas to us if I’m driving two extra hours a day.”
“Not at all, just…” He swigged his lager pivoting between his choices of words.  “They probably just don’t know how to treat me.  I’m not an employee per se and won’t be there every day after the two of you decide I have firm grasp on things.”
Their fingers intertwined filled with giddy waves of energy.  “Putting all that aside, you know how difficult it is for me to unload all that on you.  Suppose keeping it in comes with the territory, stiff upper lip and such.”
After a few staggered steps, Sam turned to face the Impala, reminded of how uneven he felt sitting on the car seat before he exited.  He leaned down and searched in the dark from one tire to another. “The front driver tire’s still fine,” he stood to smirk at what he imagined was Cas’s direction as he closed the backseat door behind him.  “One out of four. You’re getting better at that.”
He eyes descended back to Sam’s knitted brows and he ran his tongue against the backside of his teeth in thought.  He wasn’t sure, but indecision could cost the humans he cared for most their lives.  “We need to get back to the safety of the bunker immediately.”  He grabbed the brothers by the closest shoulder and announced, “I’m going to send us there now.”
“Risking his retirement on a second wind career in brewing wasn’t a decision most men would make.  I can’t imagine the relief he must have felt when he hit the jackpot with ‘Lager-Wheelie’.”
he grumped internally.  “It didn’t just appear, honey.  Cas put it in your bag while you weren’t looking.”
The taller hunter shivered slightly at the hot breath against his right ear, which jostled his body against Cas’s involuntarily.  Every hair on his body stood on end as he brushed against him.  The closer he got, the less his body wanted to move away from the magnetic pull.  Sneaky, sneaky, he thought, and then settled on payback.  “You know,” he laid the slightest kiss on the angel’s neck, lapping up the surprised rigidity and uncontrolled meek moan it bore out of him.  “There’s a great classic car parts place a couple hours outside of Graceland we could go to instead.”  Another kiss pressed against the bolt of his jaw, then right below his ear.  Torrents of blood coursed under his lips rising under his tanned flesh. Dark brown locks turned to soak in his touches. “Would take another few hours each way,” he mused with cat-eyed villainy.  Kisses littered up his neck to under his chin then worked their way to the other side of his jaw, frustrating Cas into pulling their middles flush against each other from shoulder to groin.  Dean never imagined getting Cas’s undivided could be so enthralling.  “How does that sound, Cas?”
He rolled his eyes and trotted ahead, letting his misgivings be known with the dismissive gesture.  No way getting around it; Sam was gonna make a big deal out of this on the way home.
She crossed her arms, strands of her haphazardly assembled bun falling onto her shoulder.  Words would persuade him, but the look she shot down to the dejected face of his tiny squirrely girl hunched over her coloring book on a mat alone at the center of the receiving area sent his guilt train chugging.  Shoulder slumped, immediately repentant; he hung up the phone and tapped on the front door.  He deserved the doubt laden squint Pamela gave him and the surefire pouting his little one would perform admirably to convince him take out was the shortest distance to her cooperation instead of previously reworked leftovers waiting for them in the fridge.
Dean put a hand on Cas’s arm closed the laptop. Drawing Cas up to him was effortless and the pressure of Cas against him filled his whole body with buzzing warmth. “Let’s get you to bed.  You need to get your full badass strength back.”  Cas moved with him like a lazy dancer, leaning against him for direction but holding his own weight.  They made their way into the bank of bedrooms when Dean realized he had no idea where Cas had been sleeping these days.  Did he want to sleep on the couch?  They halted in front of his bedroom door and his heartbeat picked up speed like he was tied to tracks rumbling from an oncoming train. “Uh, Cas, where you wanna sleep?”
Sam’s shoulders slumped, regaining Dean’s focused attention.  “I’m not mad at Cas.  I just know there’s something he’s not sharing with us, or maybe just not with one of us.”
Unwavering in his caretaker role for the evening, Cas cleaned them up and ran downstairs to get them both some water.  Mopped up enough for the moment, Dean stared up at the textured off-white ceiling with his hand behind his head marveling at how empty he felt.  With every flinch and clench, the monster cock that overfilled him stretched him further than he could remember, even in his more adventurous days.   But this time the mostly vacant memory foam mattress felt like an invisible but oh so pick-able scab.  Back at the bunker the thinner and comparatively compact dormitory bed he claimed could only hold a sleeping partner for the night and only if they were proactive enough to scare away any limb tossing nightmares ahead of time.  To date, Claire had never proven diligent enough to have a violent flail free night.  The whipped cream pillow top dream of a bed was rock hard without Cas’s mossy cliff side redolence lulling him to slumber.
Love brighter than fireworks flared at the enveloping blanket the agent tried tossing over his anguish.
“No burgers with fries, huh?” he mused.  The stranger’s shoulders dropped like he had mentioned his favorite forbidden past time.
He palmed his face with both hands and pulled down dramatically at first.  After a couple of loose breaths his mind seemingly pulled a memory out of the middle distance as he spoke.  “The first week of training at the academy, I met this arrogant prat who seemed to tear a hole in every one of my grand plans to be the best agent ever to walk into that building.  He sabotaged by supplies, spread rumors, and the like.  All his efforts were not pranks, mind you - more like an overtly aggressive sibling rivalry.  I fought back by competing with him, beating him at what he tried to distract me from.  Like primary schoolchildren we instigated each other vying for the instructor’s praise.  Did I beat him out in the end?  It was about a tie in most tasks until the last few days.  My fieldwork and tactics were top of my class, but his practical combat in the field beat mine the majority of the time.  This unhinged dueling of his culminated before the last practical exam.  I saw him sneak into my footlocker where our firearm locker keys were.  Instead of calling him out, I followed him.  With my own eyes, I watched him do something to my sidearm and put it back.  I was incensed, Sam.  How could he put my life in danger just to win out on some grudge he held against me?  To this day I don’t know what initially caused his agitation with me.  I had done nothing to him.  It seemed only fair that I give him a modicum of payback.  I wouldn’t put him in any real danger, but I compromised the firing mechanism in his gun,” he looked down at the counter, not wanting to endure Sam’s judgement.  “When it came time for weapons inspection before the exam, the instructor watched him take apart his gun.  I remember his cocky expression disintegrating as the components locked up taking the gun apart in front of our instructor.  The rest of us watched as she tore him part with her eyes.  How could he protect the public as an FBI agent if he couldn’t take care of his own tools?  He told her the truth, to his credit.  He cleaned it himself not a day before.  There was no damage before I had gotten to it.  I was victorious over him at last.  Its’ obviously not a surprise he was able to complete the test after he fixed his sidearm, but had to go dead last.  If anything I bruised his ego, nothing permanent.  That was enough for me.  When it was my turn to show my cleaned and prepared sidearm, there was a note underneath it: a bright pink post-it with lude limerick, nothing else.  It disheartened me that I tried to derail his career over a stupid joke written on a scrap of paper.  After the exam, he cornered me off campus.  I thought he would tear into me was like a dog with a meaty scrap.  Instead of his normal brutish foul play, he took a different tack and blackmailed me.  For years, he silently held my misstep over my head.  He could have told the instructors and had me tossed out, but I was of far better use to him as a blank check.  I agreed to do whatever he wanted so long as he forgot to cash that check for my little indiscretion.  Parting ways after graduation eased my mind; the weight for all intents and purposes forgotten until we were placed in the same field office five years later.  When his eyes met mine at orientation, I knew he was still sore over the whole thing.”
A minute grunt weaseled out of Dean.  He cleared his throat and crooked his finger towards the mouth of the hall leading away from the library.  “We’ll get there eventually.”
Dean nodded, listening to the crowd cheering at another crest of the song, “The sweetest thing I’d ever seen…”  The popping and subtle whizzing of the recording echoed about the far corners the unassuming empty room.  The warming hands around him stilled and Cas swayed lightly behind him to the beat of the song.  There was zero chance he wasn’t blushing like a kid at his first grown up dance holding his partner in a stiff, unpracticed embrace. Rocking back and forth, the now constant irritating sense of déjà vu clicked into place.  In a shambling vault, he practically leapt from Cas’s arms and turned around to face him.
“What was this knight in shining armor’s name, Cas?”  He shot to his feet, even if it was just to give him enough leverage to self-servingly lord over him.   His silence plucked at every nerve in his body capable of hurt and annoyance at once.  “Who was this perfect specimen capable of wooing an Angel of the Lord in a freakin’ fortnight?”
The filthy pant that echoed around their small bubble of the universe would fill all the spaces in Castiel’s erotic imagination for years to come.  “Yes.. yes, I can.  Please, can I do it now?”
He rubbed at the side of his neck with his wide palm, testing its temperature against the fire engine red he believed it to be.
“There were measures put into place to roll each part of his estate into a singular account except one.  The finalized will contained all of his business properties, everything he collected income from.  The loan was taken out on the one asset he had that didn’t.”
“That was tea, Dean.  You know what?  Just forget it.  Let’s just focus on the dinner.  I have a laundry list of questions to ask him,” he simmered down focusing instead on a bullet point text document scrolling far too close to his eyes.  “The guy looks good on paper: two previous small community projects with a great ROI, hands off, and willing to put the work in to learn the ins and outs of the business.  It looks like he even has an address listed a few miles from here, so he would only have a half hour commute to the brewery, if his intentions to be hands on are sincere.”
The loading animations of the phone danced light over his features as Sam considered pushing Cas a bit further into confessing earnestly to Dean.  The somber expression on his friend’s face dulled his resolve and he placed a hand on his Cas’s in an effort to soothe the angel.  Though the gesture didn’t translate quite the way Sam intended to, the angel canted his head to the side and met his open gaze.  “He’ll get over it eventually.  Hell, he’ll probably even enjoy taking her apart again just to learn something new about repairing her.  I know it will be tense for a while, but he cares about you.” He puffed up holding an uncomfortable sigh in and dropped the angel’s hand. “I know what will make him better in no time,” he said as he searched in his bedside table again, using the phone to illuminate his way to the contents of the drawer.
Lead footed realization stomped holes into the imagined cookie cutter suburban life Cas detailed for him.  “So there were copies of Angels there: a Gabriel and a Balthazar to muck with that world.  I can imagine baby angels running amuck would cause a problem or two.  You think this FBI agent is up to the task?”
Heat blazed across his cheeks.  Cas swiftly halted Dean’s effort to inch his arms over his torso with his shaking his head.  He chuckled at the intrusion and pleated his fingers through Cas’s thick locks.  Wet kisses baring no hint of shyness marched from his waist to his mound until Dean was at full mast again.  Cas rolled his face over his length and nearly begged.  “May I?”
“I’m sure Claire is still fast asleep at Jody’s and I was hoping to be in a similar state.  What could possibly be worth six hundred dollars this early, Sammy?” he rubbed the morning sands out of his eyes.
Blood rushed right to his ears at the request.  He tentatively rutted against him, demonstrating the burgeoning erection was at his beckoned call.  The Angel rolled his eyes back and pushed his own weeping heat back up to meet him.  His tongue slipped out over his bottom lip to beat back a needy lament.  His hands sought purchase around Dean’s hips to establish a pleasing rhythm.  Dean bucked slowly in time, feeling their firm desires fit alongside each other.  Being so intimate with his Angel at last, crashing in wave after wave of easy lust sent their lips and tongues to curl in time again.  His spit slicked lips parted against his neck and he groaned loudly against his jugular.  All the firsts he imagined with Cas never panned out quite like this, but the one that brought him to climax most often was one he was so close to realizing if his Angel was game.  Why not see if Cas would help him make it into a reality?
The light sputtered on above Sam’s head.  “You want to stay out of the press, keep your involvement low key.”
“No, Cas, I…” he wiped a frown away and reset his lips into a small smile.  “Yes, I am.  Listen, there are donuts with our names on them upstairs.  How about we go over some of this quarter’s sales reports until there’s a fire to put out?”
“I was found grievously injured and taken to a nearby hospital.  The language they spoke wasn’t decipherable such depleted Grace, so I had to learn.  There were no angels, no demons, no magics in that place, so I had no source to draw power from.  The man who found me kept me from being discovered, even before he knew what I was.  He took great risks to ensure my safety.  We bonded,” he gripped the railing and straightened his arms.
He dug in his heels, sweat still mercilessly gathering.  “Please, sir.  I promise not to overstay my welcome.” His charming toothy smile swung for the outfield.
“Hey, how about we get out of here when the squirrel wakes up?  Let her run around the park, have lunch at that diner across the way, maybe even buy you a vegan cookie for dessert,” he ducked down to jab playfully at his ribs like when they mock fought as kids.
A mixture of disbelief and humbleness pinned his tongue down to the floor of his mouth.  He collected his copy of the certified documents and crammed them inside his satchel.  The grandfather clock in the hallway chimed out nine times, filling the empty speech bubbles he strained to pen.  “I should get going.  If you see… nevermind.  It was nice to speak with you again.”
Try as he may, he couldn’t relinquish Cas’s grip on him, but he could close their distance with a firm embrace.  He hushed him as his words devolved into a rambling sequence of huffs and inhales, not quite tears, his eyes not entirely dry either.  “Sshhh, shhh.  I got you, Cas.”
“Nah, too many types of vegetables on it,” he refused, slipping the boxes into the fridge and cans into the recycling.  “Thanks for not making a production out of the second beer.  I just figured I could use an extra dose of relaxation before tomorrow.  Sammy could have used a couple doses himself.  He’s been kinda touchy recently.”
“Course not, but you do.”  He melted under the invitation to return to a place that was never his home but somehow always was.  It slowed his heart’s imitation of a battering ram to a single harmonious beat.
He brought the aging record cover to his nose and smelled the dusty pine on it, like it had sat in a large wooden chest before being relegated to the plastic crate.  It seemed like a hasty moving decision grouping this old tech into such small confines then up into the hatbox space of a closet.  The agent proved to be pragmatic as well as exceptionally dedicated to his job.  The most efficient method of listening to music wasn’t a bulky record player dragged from a hiding space, so why keep it at all?  Cas claimed the large headphones below the box sets in the entertainment center and plugged them into the record player with an adapter.  Well, he thought, might as well start from the top of the pile.
Dean’s breath caught for an extra second in his chest and he smiled back.  “You feeling any better today?”
They were standing too close together. That had to be it.  All of the sudden his full moon eyes were just so green, lush with a golden shift he never noticed before.  He rushed up the rest of the stairs and claimed his thinly padded office chair to use the desk as a buffer.  “Not at all.  Rest assured, I would let you know.  Those close to me have said my sense of honesty can come off as tactless.”
One of the many advantages of a well-positioned opponent staring you down is that they aren’t paying attention to the world at their sides or at their flank.  If you can keep them distracted and have synchronized allies, you could out maneuver an enemy many times your size depending on what weapons you have at your disposal.  Cas had no allies in this war of one sided words and no slingshot or stones.
“What?  Don’t do what?” he asked, stepping closer to this Cas feeling slightly less disoriented like stepping closer to a funhouse mirror.
Specks of crusted blood flaked from the corners of Davies mouth as he continued on.  “Ketch killed a fellow agent in cold blood with the help of a psychotic terrorist.  Dead men tell no tales, but that didn’t keep Pileggi from having him chase his own tail trying to find the new head of the operation.”
Castiel let himself be ushered out of the office, following Dean as he locked up the front door and out to their unpaved parking patch.  “Yes.  Is eight-thirty acceptable?  I have a few things to attend to mornings. Any earlier would be troublesome for other parties.”
Blue eyes rolled to the side for a moment but returned to his like a compass hand whirling back to true north.
“Huh, I thought this room was full of the Men of Letters’ personal journals,” Sam stood behind Dean holding a cellphone up with the flashlight function on.  “Did you move them?”
Dean had to tamp down his excitement in every motion, the overjoyed strut, the ecstatic flick of guiding hands, and the delighted hum threatening to burst from his throat.  Back in his manically cleaned domain, the water bubbled as the kettle filled and was set on the stove on medium high heat.  Cas sat cautiously quiet stroking one thumb against the other.  The urge to round up behind him and hug him tightly from behind would have been a welcomed sign of affection only a couple of months before.  The thought chafed him as Cas sat distant and unbothered mere inches from him.  Instead of fixating on it, he gathered honey from the fridge.  He placed it in the company of a teabag and the brown handmade mug they picked up in Tulsa courtesy a Mom and Mom knickknack shop they discovered while a large lunch settled in their stomachs.
“It’s funny because ‘vaca’ means ‘cow’ in Spanish,” he sounded out the punchline with zero levity. Eventually coming to the conclusion there was something to it; he let out an amused chuckle.  “I get it.”
His eyebrows pulled together and he shook his head again, almost looking annoyed.  In his peripheral vision, Dean saw him wiggle his toes.  “Nothing to do with anything, but have they given you any socks?”
“If it isn’t, you gotta walk us through it, Ketch,” he leaned forward settling into what was sounding like one of Ketch’s echo chamber sessions.  Dean saw this expression when he flirted with captivated strangers; dangling his most interesting half true tall tales at bars or work parties until he had them eating out of his neatly manicured hand.  Sure he liked to get his hands dirty, but he saw no excuse for the remnants of that part of his job to stain the pressed white collar veneer of spy intrigue he paraded out in the hunt for tail.
“It’s not OPR, so there’s no imminent threat, but Mick this is past a point of no return.  The details of this transgression are headed for daylight.”
“Considering my upbringing and my experiences with other groups I had imbedded successfully with, I knew what wouldn’t set me free: the truth.  At first, I offered up no words, only listened.  When that only brought more physical abuse, I appealed to their humanity which was also a failed strategy.  Lastly, I doubled down on my devotion to their cause.  My goals were their goals.  My happiness was in service of theirs.  Even stained in unspeakably foul fluids and a stench that persisted for days afterward, after unending hours of sleepless defiance, I convinced them I was testing their faith in their own insular community.  If Reggie wasn’t there, a witness to the spiritual challenge prostrated at his leader’s feet, I’m confident I would never have seen the sun again.”
A new hunger boiled up from Dean’s middle as he watched Cas take himself in hand and pump into it dutifully.  Dean licked his lips and kissed across his chest, running his textured taste buds around his areolas softly.  Another groan ratcheted from Cas and Dean knew he wouldn’t be able to take much more supplementary instruction.  One small mewl to the angel’s lips was all the payment he could give for such noble self-pleasure.  He sat back up and pushed Cas’s hand away.  Lining himself above the mighty dick below him ended up being more of a task than he imagined, his thighs quivering slightly from holding himself up so high.  The broad head brushed his hole and he spread himself open with one hand while guiding his weight down steadily.  Cas’s eyes went even wider as he ever so slowly encased his member in sweet heat and delicious pressure.  Dean wasn’t one to enjoy the burn, but Cas’s impressive length didn’t give him much of a choice in the matter.  By the riveting full feeling and the slack jawed flush expression on his angel’s face, neither one of them were going to last long.  The girth poised above Cas’s stomach didn’t disagree.
“Get this: I think I found what that witch did to Don and everyone,” he called out smugly, knowing Dean would be annoyed he didn’t find the first lead.  It would have helped his chances if he hadn’t blown out of the bunker to engage in ego soothing taco therapy.
Judging by the height of the selection closest to the player, he had already listened to over half of his current pile.  More than the day before, he guessed.  “If you’re not really listening to ‘em, then why play ‘em at all?”
Memories of talking to Cas through the shower curtain the first day in his house blipped as he mentioned it.   He was immensely thankful his mind didn’t drift his imaginings of other times Cas was in the bathroom unattended.
A couple of years back Claire had a particularly treacherous bug.  A late night visit to the hospital and a full twenty-four hours without sleep left him drained. After soldiering through almost sixteen hours of Claire’s violent coughing, she passed out on the couch for her first gainful rest. Finally given the opportunity to follow in her footsteps, he was unable to fall into inky slumber.  With as much stealth as a sleep deprived single father could muster, he snuck into his bedroom, plugged the headphones in and searched for quiet whispering voices to help him drift into blackness until another hacking fit dragged him back to the light.
Claire complained that the dreaded crayon thief Alfie stole the apple slices he tucked into her backpack for snack time so they took a detour to the closest grocery store.  This leafy green logoed abomination happened to be Sam’s choice vegan friendly grocer, so Dean grabbed a pack of the sesame vegan cookies Sam went ape shit over since his not so jolly green giant of a brother would be over come Friday anyway.  The canned sauces and chocolate adjacent desserts Claire was making huge watery puppy dog eyes for cost more than he was willing to pay, so he grabbed a modest assortment of “organic” produce with a gratuitous eye roll.  Claire’s little braids shook in frustration at not getting her carob bites, so he bribed her with freshly baked snickerdoodle cookies he promised to make after dinner until she calmed down.  He nearly burst out laughing watching her do the volume comparison on her little fingers: two small handfuls of semisweet garbage or one cinnamon speckled cookie the size of her face.  One smaller than average hand basket full of the essentials packed into a boutique brown paper bag hand stamped with the co-op’s name later, they raced back to the car where Claire regaled him with further reasons Alfie should be left on a desert island with just one painfully dull colored crayon.
He rubbed his hand on the short hairs on the back of his head and subverted his gaze.  “I know, but I also have you to protect me.”
She peered up at the barn ceiling with palms perched at her hips for a moment before she spoke.  “Yeah, sure.  While we were dating she kept some stuff from me for all the reasons newly minted couples do.  You’re still getting to know each other or you just don’t know how much the other person can handle.”
“I believe so.  He shot Davies, but not mortally.  I would have healed him, but didn’t have enough Grace to heal him, the agent, and return.  His boyfriend was there when it happened.  I am confident he handled it efficiently.”
Mildly sweaty and amply vexed at yet another supply delay, he plopped down in the office chair and unlocked his phone screen.  It was just a face emoji from Sam and nothing else.  Now irritated about whatever was up Sam’s ass, he threw his new phone in the desk drawer and slammed it shut.  Looking up to the illuminated desktop screen, he saw a new e-mail.  It was from Cas.  There was no subject line.  He meditated over its possible contents then looked back at his phone.  No new messages, just the solitary raised eyebrow emoji from his brother.
In a show of mercy he knew an active bugler didn’t deserve, the footfalls receded back towards the metal staircase, oblivious of the invader still in his midst.  The hefty door crashed closed above taking the breath he was holding with it.
Falling to a much more serious tone at the thought of their mortal peril, Dean confirmed, “We were hit by Raijin, trying to get his runaway kids back?  That firework show we got caught up in wasn’t a just a freaky house fire, then.”
“You looked into me? I supposed it was just due diligence being I was an unknown entity,” he reasoned.  “What else did you find?” he asked out of morbid interest.  There were many possible answers that could complicate matters, but he believed his more detrimental secrets were of no interest to the internet at large.
“Save it, Sam.  It’s gonna be fine.  You, Mick, Cas, and I are gonna be hitting the town on double dates in no time.  You’ll see,” he forced a smile.
Between bickering with Sam over their officially not-a-case case, barely managing Pileggi’s revolving inquiries for just one more minor detail clarification about the Krycek case, as well as his other open cases, his rested with scant success over the past couple of days.  The other agent Winchester had taken to sending Dean pictures of the silent stranger sleeping when he badgered him for any progress or details concerning their non-case.  The few spare moments he had a day gravitated to questions he had for their possibly extraterrestrial John Doe.  During mandated meal breaks, he searched for similar incidents in their open case files across the country and tapped international agencies for anything akin to this situation with the help of a certain red headed IT genius three floors down.  The Krycek case perpetually chugging back into his case load became a sick joke.  Only the most tedious unchallenging cases seemed to carry any weight in this agency’s priority list.
Cas cleaned them up with more unexpected bedside supplies, which left him with a heap of asinine questions. All were abated when he snaked around Dean’s middle undoubtedly seeking security in his embrace.  His thin hand-me-down pillow was years beyond being useful supporting their heads even in name alone.  The hunter kvetched inwardly that they should be in their bed, comforted by their ample pillows and untattered blankets, not in this sparse excuse for a bedroom.  Along with warm puffs of air, he could feel Cas’s eyes on the back of his neck.  “Not trying to put my foot in my mouth here, but you have the power of speech back.  What’s on your mind, Cas?”
Dean went for his phone again and grunted unhappily.  “And tell them what, Nancy Drew?  There’s no dead body.  For all we know they sacrificed a goat to the solstice or whatever.”
“And I’m sure he’s gonna tell you, too.  He’s up on the rooftop,” he said and barely dodged Dean springing up from the corner of his mattress.
“Not exactly.  This is the first time in a very long time I’ve had red wine.  We just need some time to get acquainted again.”
“I’d like to think I have more than cult books in my future, but if I didn’t write I’m honestly not sure what I’d devote my time to.  I’d like to study similar communes across the globe, if I had the chance.  But as long as I have a place to rest my head, a home to call my own where my brother can visit when all the dust settles, I’ll be happy.”
Second was the Impala situation which was tightly related to the third problem.  Without his usually abundant Grace, he had no hope of placing the steel framed boat of a car back in its proper dock.  Imagining Dean fitting the beast back together piece by piece filled him with warm affection all the way to his curling toes.
“After we returned from White Creek, what was your first memory?” he lapped up the sensation of Dean’s fingers on his own, lying still but fighting to remain awake.
A wider secretive smile masked the concern laced in his brow.  “Not really.  The team just takes time to warm up to new people.  Not everyone is as welcoming to potential… complications.”
The bewilderment on his face, tickled Dean deeply, but he had to squelch it down.  “How could you have done this, you son of a bitch?” he sneered, stomping right up into his personal space.
“You wanna go to dinner sometime?”  His voice caught in his throat as if parched.  The unguarded plea was complimented by a swipe of the tongue across his lower lip then a nibble of worry.
Pink and orange pastels lined the horizon past his steering wheel as he headed westward.  Time seemed to slow as long as he kept his foot on the gas, like it would take generations for the sunlight make way for night.  He leisurely pointed Baby’s fender towards the only swatch of red in the distance.  Names of the towns he knew fell behind him as he headed south until he could pick one out again.  His stomach rumbled but his churning thoughts kept him sated, if a bit listless.  By the time the softly tinted clouds dropped their hues to reflect nothing but the darkness overhead, he turned back northeast to where the towns he could name crept up like semi-trucks whizzing past his ears.  Street lamps were stamped closer and closer together when Baby begged for a refuel.  Gas was a full ten cents more per gallon where he stopped than back home, but as she chugged it down none the wiser it gave him an opportunity to make a call he was dreading.
Heavy eyelids squeezed tighter as she shimmed into a more comfortable position.  Her curtains to the world firmly pulled down for the day.
The rest of the morning, Benny explained his reporting duties as brewmaster.  Documentation of temperatures at each step, product volume changes, byproduct disposal, and other facets of established procedures Castiel wasn’t aware of.  His admiration of the burly Cajun’s dedication to thoroughly accounting for each new step of the process awed him.  Recounting this feeling to Benny made him puff out his thick chest a little further, delighted that someone outside their small staff appreciated the science of brewing and majestic art of the craft.
Deep in his gut, Sam knew dragging more details out of Mick was likely to make for an emotionally taxing evening, but he was hopeful they recover enough to pull moans out of each other long before the scabs healed over.  There was no doubt Mick buried a ticking bomb beneath them all by giving in to Ketch’s blackmail.   If he stood a chance of truly convincing Mick to turn on Ketch to save himself, the time was now.
Just because he was less nervous then he was yesterday, didn’t mean he was any less willing to punch something, anything, to get this tumultuous energy ricocheting inside his body out.  The mock run went swimmingly.  Sam’s turn proceeded without much complication but ended in one hell of a gut punch he was currently sleeping off.  Third time is a charm right?  Or maybe their luck already ran out.  Bah, he cursed at himself.   Can’t be a mole person, he mused, had to get this beastie out so he can move on.  Moving on meant he could leave the bunker, maybe take Cas for a long drive in any direction.  The angel rehashed the changed details of the rite walking down the quiet hallway past Sam’s and his room.  He paid attention the first time he rambled through the list, so this attempt to reassure him faded into the background.  All the while he watched Cas’s lips move and confident smiles play briefly on his soft face.  God, he just wanted to touch him already.
Despite the moisture pooling at his lower eyelids, threatening to trickle down, he smiled at him.  He steadied him up by his forearms, soaking in that tepid desolation, knowing his best would only filter that need poorly.
A thickly callused thumb and forefinger wrapped around his chin and led him back to soothing verdure circles.  “I got your message loud and clear, buddy.  I didn’t have your number though and I didn’t want to mess our partnership up.  A while back, me and a coworker had a thing going on at a very buttoned up garage.  It didn’t end well and he ended up leaving when we kept tracking our really messy breakup garbage into the office.  No one wanted to walk on eggshells around us and we were asked to fix it or leave.  I had more seniority and experience so my boss basically asked him to pack his shit up and head out.  It wasn’t right and I let my boss know that in no uncertain terms.  I put in my two weeks’ notice right then and there.  Between childcare and rent, I didn’t really have the luxury to go job hunting all over again.  He knew that, so my ex refused to let me quit and walked out on the job.”
The now irritated Angel pulled his head forward by his jaw with both hands and spat, “Shut up, Dean.”  This new impatient kiss pushed past his lips and tasted every accessible part of his willing mouth.  Their mouths opened wider as hands drew their bodies against every plane of skin.  Dean’s residual pain had diminished enough that none of Cas’s demanding ministrations pinched his overly sensitive nerves.  More skin, more tongue, more nails, more hair, more Cas, any way he could get him.  Hell, even the taste of his spit wound him up into a lust borne frenzy.  His hands navigated under the hoodie to maneuver his Angel to recline on the hood of the Impala.  Exploratory kisses rolled on and on as he pinned the unfurled Angel beneath his chest.  His hands flitted up and down his sides drawing out chest deep mewling.  Every moan fueled his hands’ roaming, starved to cover more and more unknown territory.  His lips made headway up and down his neck, every crevice he could reach, and the Angel was showing no signs of redirecting his adamant attentions.  Their breath quickened as their chests crashed against each other unevenly.  Was it too much or not enough?  He wasn’t sure.  He wagered Cas probably wasn’t either.  He pulled back a few inches and waited for Cas’s eyes to open.  Glossy cerulean spheres blinked open to meet his questioning gaze.  “Is this okay, Cas?”
Dean pushed the short distance around the steering wheel and into his arms at lightning speed.  The first pull of Cas’s scent propelled him into his pillowy soft lips which opened with a whisper of provocation.  The slick glide of tongue reaching in to stroke his sent a spark of fulgent energy to his belly like a late night summer storm.  Just as they found a less uncomfortable position, the phone nestled between the window and the air vents buzzed three times.
Dean let go of his hand and backed away slowly.  Both he and Dick held their breath and waited a beat as the drunk stumbled over his feet out the door.  They watched him run past the glass window as gracefully as a newborn calf with glittering wetness budding at the corner of his eyes.  Dean reclaimed his items and put them on the counter.  Dick looked less than pleased.
“I need your input on some latent documentation.  Time is of the essence since I suspect you will be contacted by other interested parties concerning its contents.  Can you meet me at say… seven at the Boiler Room?”
“So what?” Sam spoke up.  “Even if he told her you were inaccessible, she would have sent someone to find you.  You had dirt on her.  You were part of her ‘family’.  You beat and kidnapped and killed in her name, with her blessing!”
Pulling the door open, he meant to say something like “Come on in, handsome,” or something similarly flattering, but the first syllable crashed against the back of his teeth, sending every one behind it rear ending into the next until the only noise that made it around the mess was a “ha”.  Not only had he brought what appeared to be a bottle of red wine above any level Dean could appreciate, but he wrapped himself in fresh date clothes and an earthy cologne Dean knew he would be thinking about long after Castiel had left.  The light product in his hair and symmetrically striped designed button down were more effort than Dean had put into his appearance.  Tongue tied and underdressed, he felt like he was that much closer to an invisible landmine.
Tension gathered in his wrists like leaves pinned against a cellar door, creaking after every few words he typed.  No matter how unpleasant the sensation became, he hammered away at the vanishing printed alphabet on the clacky mechanical keyboard.  Day and night volleyed between small meal breaks and insufficient power naps.  Pages fell one by one until he scraped free every memory of the Malkuth nestled in his grey matter and heaved it onto the screen in as close to chronological order as his imperfect memory would allow.  The urgent lights of his phone flashed face down on the upturned steamer trunk serving as a nightstand some time before.  Undeterred he swept it into a pile of matters to be attended to another time like gathering the mail and morning runs with his neighbor.  He surrendered the entirety of his energy to coaxing another paragraph out, another recollection tarnished by time and circumstance before it vanished again among tenebrous external distractions.
“No no no no no no no!” he chanted dashing towards the closing daycare door.  A smartly dressed blonde cast a disparaging look at him as he passed letting the door glide closed and lock behind him.
“Her partner?  Trainers don’t have…” he reasoned out loud but made the ninety degree turn to his double meaning.  “Oh, her partner.  Gotcha.  Well, I’ll have to shake her partner’s hand when I meet ‘em.”
A handful of strokes and a tug later, a pure white heat overtook his senses.  Tingling spasms shot from his groin to the tips of his curling toes as he cried out his name.  The thick streak of iridescence painted the canal between their stomachs.  Their wracked breathing filled the room as Cas began to descend from his full body high.  When he opened his eyes again Dean glanced down to the swatches of liquid pleasure and pulled his turgid length off of Castiel’s side timidly.  Castiel pulled him close once more, pushing the proud wide bow of his heat into his bare side and tried to kiss the resistance off of his lips.  When he dared a speck of distance from Dean he still looked repentant, but Castiel shook his head minutely.  “Tell me what you want, Dean.”
He shook his head.  “Not with Counter Intel.  That ship has ran aground and taken the docks with it.  I’ve been reassigned.”
Dean perked up like he consumed all of the caffeine in the carafe all at once and sprang into action scribbling larger words onto his legal pad.  When he was done he propped up his note in Sam’s direction.  “The real estate company Bobby bought the property from was ‘Sunbel properties’.” He pointed at his note: Sunder + Akobel = Sunbel.  “The name struck me as odd because of the strange spelling.”
The wandering hand settled over his sternum and pulled him closer.  Little breaths filtered through the back of his shirt and his other hand snaked around him.  The gravity around him doubled and his eyelids sagged. The vexation of the last few days must have been weighing on him harder than he thought.
“That’s a tale for another time.  Enough about my depressing upbringing.  Tell me about how little Claire came to be.  Does she have the same temperament you and Sam had as kids?”
Within three months of moving back, he became accustomed to the routine of their brewery.  Benny took him under his wing where the production was concerned, but the management portion of his new title was a long road to hoe.  The rotating league of freelance brewery hands grew more permanent and official documentation was messy.  The mountain of a brewmaster helped onboard the first hire, a spindly brunet man with one hell of a sense of smell by the name of Garth.  Hunkered down in the dreary hunter green office, he followed the same steps to bring on two more salt of the earth types Seth and Starr on Benny’s firm recommendation.  Being he was a genius at his craft and expected the same dedication to the business from his coworkers; he saw no purpose to standing in his way.  Until they returned to full capacity, the rest of the non-brewing daily operation responsibilities for fell on him: supplies, payroll, equipment maintenance, building repair, custodial work, setting up a security system, and the fucking phones.  For a private business outside of town, they sure received a lot of calls.  Between solicitors, buyers, and the public asking about their non-existent tasting room, he opined for the days when he didn’t have to say the name of his dead uncle’s business before his own name the moment his mouth came in the vicinity of a receiver.  One particularly hard day learning the process, Benny caught him holding the cordless phone over the still’s open portal menacingly.  Once he reminded him how much mash they would waste and how hard it would be to fish out, his investment in that particular style of office equipment destruction evaporated.  Each workday grew less vexing as he gained confidence in each necessary task though.  Nights on the other hand, were grinding on without reprieve.
A proud huff finally sabotaged his earnest attempt to stare right into his soul.  “When’s the last time that happened?”
“Just… we need a solid win, not a wild goose chase,” he pleaded.  Nervous frowns twitched out his hopelessness in mores code.
The boots that shuffled above him made two long loops across the top floor before he clomped back to the top of the stairs.  A pause teased Dean into approaching the open door, but he chose to wait outside like a well-trained house pet.  His feet didn’t move, but he poked his head past to open door to find James perched at the top stair with a black sharpie twirling between his forefingers in thought.  Dean backed up a few paces and took up his own version of laps.  The photographs and surreal paintings held his attention as he passed them a handful of times, but his ears were trained solely on the impending boot falls down the stairs.
Something akin to pity collected at her brow.  “Oh, Castiel.  You are loved, brother.  Because of both of your actions, a reckoning fell upon them.  Zachariah attempted to pin the echoing discontent and confusion on you.  Everyone who knew you could attest to how much love and compassion you showed all of us.  We wielded it to combat ever slander against you with an example of your selflessness.  We sang your praises when they would only curse your name.  One member in particular wouldn’t let them get away with it even once, declaring that anyone who did complete the last rite did so in opposition to the collective good.  One by one the younger members and a few established elders took up your cause as their own.  Joshua had several heated discussions with Zachariah over remolding our interpretations of the Tenants.  Even our scripture was changed to reflect subsequent inclusion efforts.  You made such a grand difference.  It’s just a shame you didn’t hang around long enough to enjoy the fruits of your rebellion.”
The angel in question carried their glasses over to opposite sides of the floor mounted metal table.  Hunger urged him to tilt his head for Dean to follow with their diligently prepped meal.
That first step into the rain dripped fat drops into the collar of his shirt.  It was raining harder than he expected, so he dashed up the front door.  With a knuckle raised up to knock, the eggshell door swung opened.  A buttoned up maid ushered him inside with a firm lipped nod.  The raindrops on his trench coat dripped onto the intricately assembled wood flooring, pooling into the cracks stubbornly.  The soft apologetic smile he gave the maid went unappreciated.  Instead of insisting it wasn’t a bother, even if it was a lie, she tossed a thumb at the top floor and said, “She’s in her office.  I assume you remember the way.”
The angel pulled his clenched fists into the hearth of his mug warmed hands urgently, frantic vexation seeping from his pores.  “You did everything you could.  I know you did.”
Castiel re-enters hostile territory.  Dean does a less than stellar job introducing him to life at Salvage brewery.
“Will Corndogs and Elephant ears taste any worse even if it’s just you, Jo, and the Mills?” she cajoled.  Her bare palms voiced the fanfare of good reason in a ta-da motion.
Dean turned sideways and offered his open palms to Cas.  He wouldn’t grab them, demand his solitary attention if he was unwilling.  Cas’s irises waxed from his chin back down to his plate, but didn’t dare lift up higher than that.  In the dimmed light, Dean could make out the conflicted knit of his brow, the pulse of a call out to their link, but he retreated.
Despite the stimulation Cas couldn’t draw his eyes away from Dean’s greedy face or ears from hearing the troubled tremble in his sigh.  Knowing this was the same man who walked into a pitch black underground bunker so confident he could take down whatever burglar or ne’er-do-well was lurking in the dark, it was obvious that defeat was not in his lexicon.  Such a tragedy would be akin a moral failing.  The molasses slow way he released his lower lip from his incisors’ onslaught paired with the way his graze never left Cas’s shape was all the confirmation he needed that any trepidation he bore was squashed firmly under the pointed boot heel of lust. While he didn’t want to antagonize his competitive nature, clarity is key in mattress olympics.  “I could keep you safe from his intrusion tonight if you’d rather.  He’ll be ready to pounce any night you feel more inclined to be chased screaming towards a little death.”
He balked then wrapped his palm over his chin in thought.  “Of course I do.  It’s not like I need his expertise or approval, but we’re partners.  The left hand’s gotta let the right hand know what’s going on.”
The beginning of the chants cycled through again and he felt Cas rest the container on his lower torso.  The pressure of his hand gripping the closed end formed a seal and he waited for a spark, a flash, a jerk, anything.  Sam closed his eyes and felt the air come in and go out, the faint breeze in the room move around him.  His brow tensed as he felt a deep pull from his tailbone to his belly button.  Something keen was present within him, but he had to remain inert, detached.  The candle light in his peripheral vision seemed to flare and he opened his eyes thinking one had fallen onto the floor.  He quailed a yelp when he saw the raijyu’s light pulling into the trap like a worm writhing on a hook pulled from clear water.  Its swerving iridescent light curled around the copper rod and seemed to sniff at the corn powder bag.  Once it had it in its grip, Cas swiftly pulled the vessel away and sealed the top, his movements agile enough not jostling the creature awake.   Once free, Sam grabbed his stomach and rubbed back and forth feeling strangely vacant, hollowed out.  A stinging ache seized his spine and jabbed around his internal organs at the loss.  The painful moue played heavily on his face as he struggled to sit upright.
His rubber-soled sneakers squeaked against the tile floor as they sought purchase away from his irate brother.  Maintaining the ruse while this close to his face was hard enough, but he found the determined emotionless look on Cas’s face mildly alluring and all together distracting enough to keep in character.
He licked his lips and nodded.  It was go time.  “I was instructed to find you by someone I trust with my life.  Before you ask, I don’t want anything from you.  I think you have some questions I can help you find answers to.”
The quasi reflective interior brushed metal elevator doors closed off the view of the parking garage in front of him as he stared bleary eyed into the middle distance.  A couple of quiet agents yawned and texted on the lift behind him.   He stared vacantly into the silver barrier between him and the deeply uncomfortable conversational side-stepping in his near future.  There was no way Sam wouldn’t sneak glimpses of it, smell it on him like the syrupy peach musk of that pro he paid to flirt with the other agent in Vegas.  This was karma coming to bite him in the ass.
“You’re sayin’ he’s mopping because he misses that place?  He’s been sleeping all day and up all night staring at the wall because he’s disappointed to be back home?” he snarled almost defeated by the thought.
“Right on the money, Sam.  This one,” she pointed to the top layer, “is Counter Terror.”  She slid that portion of the image to the side to show another rectangle of pixilation.  “This one is Counter Intel.”
Quickly enough, they rounded the turn into the hallway to Dean’s office.  Ketch’s office door was open.  Barking something officiously into the receiver, his eyes caught Hanscum’s and he stilled like stalked prey.  The agent couldn’t have missed the sadistic victory beaming from her.  Her eyes bounced back up to his and she pointed at his office door.  “On second thought, Dean-O, could I speak to you in your office?  Won’t take nothing but two shakes of a lamb’s tail.”
The conjured scenarios of returning to a man he’d never met plagued him from the night before, when he finally gave into temptation.  Sometimes they met in a coffee shop or a bar or just out in the street.  Their eyes would lock.  That same reassuring smile would drape over his mouth effortlessly, tying their tether back together as the distance between them diminished.  Other times he would dwell on James Novak’s mental illness, dream up a horrific meeting where seeing him would send him into a schizophrenic episode.  No matter the situation he brought to life, it always stopped the moment the dark haired man opened his mouth.  He knew in his bones what Cas’s voice felt like, how it tore at his bark and slivered down to his roots.  But the sound – how his utterances would fall on his eardrums was a complete mystery.
I did some digging on that familiar you boys are tracking down up north.  I asked our tribe elders about any fire related spirits the Blackbears could have been attacked by.  The fire spirit legends in our stories are harmless hearth and home busybodies, not ill meaning destructive entities.  The neighboring tribes have similar legends and the worst their spirits could do is put out your fires to annoy you.  However, the tribes further north described a very destructive thunder spirit that called devastation upon tribes that slept under the open sky during stormy weather.  When other hunters returned to their homes the next day, there would be long tendriled scorch marks around the homes, leaving burned bodies in their wake.  I have attached more info on the spirits the tribes described to add to your records.
“Have you ever loved someone at first sight?  Not romantic love – like an instantaneous and powerfully deep connection?” he asked scanning the parched ditch weed sprinting in the opposite direction with detached brooding.
“I don’t know if I’ll let you out of it,” he chuckled and gripped him a little tighter.   He crowed happily as Castiel trailed three fingertips up and down his spine slowly enough to count each vertebra.
Minding his footwork past the large grate in the floor, he spotted Garth’s bright yellow rain boots.  Once they caught his eye, it appeared everyone was wearing them accept for him.  Before he had the chance to ask if he should invest in a pair, Garth continued on, “If tasking gets thin on Thursdays, we cut out early.  As you know these beauties are send out into the wild on Fridays, so there’s little to do other than clean and prep.  When we brew seasonals, it can take up a whole weekend for just one batch depending on what Benny has in mind.  The most recent attempt at a seasonal was dead on arrival mainly because of a vendor’s mistake, so everyone’s minding their p’s and q’s for next weekend when we begin the kickoff batch.”
The angel helped him pull button up his jeans with a huge, almost gummy smile.  The hunter grabbed his hand and placed a chaste kiss on the backside, sealing their first roll in the hay –roll on the car, whatever- with affection.
It continued in shaky waves not six feet from him.  Offbeat slow dance steps tapped out puzzling hesitance which could only be decoded once the door opened.  Even before his familiar footsteps harmonized with the half decade old recording of a lax jazz quartet playing soulfully around him, there was no mistaking who it was.  Some quality of those steps was different though.  No extra weight compounded their volume like a carried load.  It couldn’t be a restrained posture like he was balancing something or injured either.  The intrigue forced his hand to move the needle up and away, to turn the device off entirely, preparing for the long awaited knock.  The two complimentary shadows bobbed about the crack under the door.
“And who’s fault would it be then?” she questioned coyly.  “After careful consideration, we dissolved that requirement to become a full-fledged member of the family…”
Out of sheer habit, he was reminded that time passed especially quickly on days off.   He glanced over to the side table where his phone illuminated the near pitch back bedroom.  Even though his companion proved champion at sleep sporadically during the day, his diligently programmed wiring foisted him into full consciousness mid-morning even when days off were overdue.  To dig through his friend’s mind that early by coaxing a link would have been asking for trouble, so he settled on lugging him into the world of the living by petting his bangs away from his forehead and humming into the newly exposed skin.  When a few bars of an old melody proved inadequate to draw him out, he kissed his forehead and lightly carded his short fingernails through his wavy locks.   Cas stubbornly buried himself into Dean’s embrace further, deftly ignoring the agent’s wheedling.  By drawing his loose arm to rest near his face on the agent’s chest and delicately huffing his bone-tired dismay, the agent knew he would lose this game of tug of sleep unless he brought out the big guns.  Not that being snuggled into by the most endearing man he’s ever met was any sort of defeat.  He grazed his front teeth lightly over his forehead and made voracious biting noises as softly as he could.  A plump cheek pressed into his pec, but nary a sliver of blue peeked out from between his dark eyelashes.  A’right, you asked for it, he cajoled.  With his free hand, he struck a flurry of skittering touches up and down Cas’s side.  To his chagrin his efforts barely earned him a defensive wince let alone a full throated laugh.  He snorted with an even mixture of annoyance and amusement.  He licked his bottom lip and squinted at the obstinate man against him.  “Come on, sleepyhead,” he huffed into his forehead.  “I’ll make you coffee,” he cooed and ran his nails over his shoulder blades lightly.  Cas opened one eye begrudgingly, but once his iris widened enough to make out the grin above him, he closed it again.  “No fair, man.  Being fucking adorable first thing in the morning isn’t going to save you from daylight forever.”
"Now me," Dean agreed. He sat down, near enough to brush the leaves if he wanted to, not so close he might break the cradle of branches and dirt.
It was a Sunday morning. Dean was making pancakes, and the family was just finishing up breakfast when the doorbell rang.
Winchester smiled. The rec room was cold and dank; it smelled like black mold, and the lights always flickered. Bela leaned forward and gathered her astragaloi, rolling the knucklebones in her palm. She was caught in thought, for a moment, feeling the smooth edges pebbling beneath her fingers as Winchester unfolded himself from his sitting position on the grimy tiles and headed for the door.
So they played Battleship. As always, Cas was way too good at guessing where Dean’s ships were, even though he swore he wasn’t cheating.
“If I could do better, I would. But the Empty is one of the earliest beings. As powerful as God… hacking through it and keeping a portal open won’t exactly be easy.”
The pain wasn’t anything new; he’d felt worse, had worse ways to die. And honestly? This wasn’t top of the list, not even close, but something about it felt different. It had nothing to do with the blade pulled back out of his chest or the bubbling tang crawling up his throat, and everything to do with the look of reverence in Sam’s eyes, which were filled with tears, big, weepy tears that Dean brushed away with the pad of his fingers, and the calm certainty of Castiel’s presence before him, the ocean blue of his gaze.
—before he'd managed to catch himself and had to pause a moment, taking deep breaths. It was a long drop. Alastair kept speaking. "It'd have to be pretty damn persistent but evidently, it is. Seraphs are just serpents with wings; if any angel would be able to find us so quickly, it would be one of them."
Dean hadn’t really gotten it, but it had been nice to know Cas liked the movie too, that it had meant something to him.
“Alastair, what the fuck is this?” he hissed under his breath, leaning in close. “You’re treating me like a fucking courtesan or something.”
The Empty was searching for the edges of the spell, folding around the portal, which sparked, creating a larger space for a second more, but the Empty kept twirling around it, swallowing that too.
While it had been speaking, Cas managed to sit up, staring at Dean with an inconsolable look. “Dean,” he said. “You shouldn’t be here.”
And the scene glitched, leaving no evidence of concerning miracles. Instead, Dean and Cas had made it off the couch. “I really need to go,” Cas said, as they parted from a kiss.
“Oh! I’ll get it!” Jack said, hopping out of his seat. He was wearing his usual white over-large t-shirt with a few stripes across the middle. He hurried into the other room and opened the door, smiling at a guest who looked exactly like him. Except this version had a blue jacket with white stripes up the side and a pair of black dudebro sunglasses.
They stopped at a cave about halfway down. Not too close to the lava at least; that was something. Dean stepped in and threw himself to the floor with a groan. He could do with not moving for the rest of the month.
“This door won’t stay open very long, so you’ve got to go in and bring him back as fast as you can,” Rowena said.
In Hell, you get hurt, you die, you wake up again. You stop changing, but you can change the world around you, if you’re inventive enough, putting up little illusions. In Purgatory, you fight, you get hurt, you die (maybe)… but if you don’t die, you find yourself back at full health again. You don’t eat, you don’t sleep, and the world just keeps on changing around the central points: the rivers, certain mountainous slopes. In Heaven there’s the road. Every place has its center, its ways of getting around. Sometimes you just had to point yourself in the right direction.
friends,” Dean said, in a hushed voice that wasn’t actually that hushed. “So uh…” he gestured at them. “Quite a resemblance you got goin’ there, huh?”
The sun was getting lower in the sky as Castiel walked home from work. He passed the park, and the barber shop with its white-and-grey twirling sign. He went down the street toward his home, and saw, on the corner, the stop sign, which was red. Cas glared at it as he passed.
"Sorry, sweetheart," Dean murmured. "No can do. I don't exactly wanna end my life as an angel condom."
of brushing glass out of his hair- and snags the keys to the Impala off the nightstand. Only one stop left- really, this time.
that it should’ve taken longer to get to the shitty little motel where Sam had been, but he also doesn’t care. He doesn’t know if they’re on a timetable or what, but, the sooner they get to the grand finale of all this, the better.
“They've never done it successfully before,” Sam says, right back to book bloodhound mode, nose almost pressed to the paper. God, did the kid need glasses? Were they getting that old? “But- seems like they’re not done collecting kids, either. Usually, they hit three places- Akron, Canton, East Sparta. Usually hit houses that are out of the way, kids five to ten-”
Cas behind him, can feel his hand in his, holding tighter every time it seems like he’s slipping and it’s just a few more steps, just a few more steps,
Dean almost doesn’t get up, because he literally went through the tenth circle of hell yesterday, and he deserves a lie-in but, he rolls to his feet anyway, and starts going through the routine. Feed the dog, make the bed, grab breakfast-
Dean barely resists gritting his teeth. He groans instead. “How many fucking doomsdays to people want? We just
“Are these… clowns?” Castiel seems to have caught onto the carnage around them, nose wrinkling. It’s endearing. Dean can admit that to himself, now- holy shit. It’s
“You didn’t do this last time,” Sam calls over the music as he starts to peel out of the parking lot.
, the stuff with kids always turned his guts. “Does it give us any idea where they’re gonna go to pull this shit off?”
“Then, what makes you so different?” Sam says, and cuts him off before he can get the words out of his mouth. “And, give me a reason that isn’t you thinking you’re
, and sure as hell not looking any younger. He doesn’t have to look around too much to know where he is, though: it’s the same grave, he knows. The same everything.
?” Sam pushes on, and Dean can feel his eyes boring holes into his back. “Do you think he has to- work for it, earn it, do something to-”
It’s like a bomb went off, in the aftermath, but- it’s familiar, and it’s a better sign than Dean thought they’d get.
“I love you,” he says when he pulls back, and the words come easier than he thought they would. “I love you, too, is what I mean.”
“Gonna be a pretty pathetic seance,” Sam says, and Dean snorts, nuding him as they head back out to the parking lot. The old car’s gone, and Baby sits in her rightful place.
, but it’s the best damn kiss Dean has ever had in his life, soaring over everyone else by the sheer fact that it’s finally,
“Cool trip down memory lane we’re going on,” Sam says as they push through the unlocked door, seemingly just as happy as Dean is to be here. “Do we have to go through
, no wonder you waaited til the last second to try this. Harder than I thought it’d be,” he says, with a bit of humor. It’s not. It’s just as hard as he always knew it’d be. “We... we’ll talk about it when I’ve got you back, alright, but… I need you to know that you’re… this- this is least of what I’d do for you, you know? Go to hell and back. I’ll do it as many times as I’ve got to, because I- you made me better, too, you know? I was- I don’t think I’ll ever be
“A room,” Dean says. “I don’t… know what else. We just… we waited here, before going. Or- I did. Took a nap, while you went out.”
He tears the dock out, just like he did last time, shoves a tape in, and cranks it til Bon Jovi rips through the speakers.
It’s a long walk to the fill up station, and it’s just like Dean remembers. He has to break the door to get in, but once he’s in it’s a rush of cool air, and-
“Don’t let go,” he grits out, reaching and finding purchase on Cas’ shoulder with his other hand, holding on tight. “Don’t let go, Cas, I’ve got you. I’ve got you we’re getting out of here.”
.” Dean thinks he’s imagining it for a moment, that the space between the words gets shorter- a heartbeat picking up pace. “
Cas shrugged. “They don’t seem to care how unlikely it sounds. All that seems to matter is that they heard it from Uriel.”
[These are technically end notes, to read after the chapter, and may contain spoilers. Unfortunately, my end note was apparently too long, so I had to split it & put some of it here instead.]
look suspicious. Amid confused or uninterested faces, he stood out like a sore thumb, back straight, eyes wide, and staring forward with an expression of utter terror.
One of the movies he and Cas had watched together. Cas had really liked because it reminded him of free will. He said he could relate to it.
The sapling rustled in his hands. "Where are we going?" they craned their branches around, and their leaves shook. "I don't think this is the right way. The light is back there."
"I changed my mind," Alastair said. "Because of you." He shook his head. "It's all come down to you, Dean. You were the first seal on the cage, the domino to set the whole chain of events rolling. You're prophesied." He fell silent for a moment, and when he spoke again his voice was softer, almost reverent. "'And it is written that the first seal shall be broken when a righteous man sheds blood in Hell. As he breaks, so shall it break.' It was over," he said, "the moment you picked up my razor and sliced into that weeping bitch. After that it was just a matter of waiting for the incursion."
The scrublands along the river were dry and empty. Every so often, a fleeing ghost would be buffeted past, as though being knocked about in a high wind, but the air was dry and still. There were no other demons to be seen. Dean trudged through the sandy ground beside Alastair. The virgin blood he'd had in the lower city was looking real good right about now; his mouth was parched. But he ignored it. He squinted through the monotonous twilight. Oh, look—a lizard! A scorpion! Ugh, more sand. A little fleshy-leafed plant, pressed close to the dirt like it wanted to stay out of sight. Rinse, repeat.
“No sir,” Dean whispered. His hands clenching and unclenching, the movement rippling up his ams, his shoulders. Alastair chuckled.
Lilith furrowed her brow. “Sometimes sacrifices have to be made, Ali, in order to bring about a more perfect kingdom.”
"I'm moving," the sapling chanted under their breath. "I'm on my way. I'm moving." They leaned close to Dean's chest as though for shelter, and their tiny branches reached to hug him.
So without really thinking they moved back to the Impala and Cas slid into the front seat, eyes never leaving Dean, and Dean bit his lip. So many things to say. So many things he’d never had the courage to do, that graceful creature he’d been so afraid of shattering, like if he laid him down on those seats and touched him he’d break, never be able to stop.
He left it there, floating on the scummy water. Dark leaves limp and lifeless. Softly floating, a dead thing in a dead land.
“Yeah, maybe,” Dean said, looking up toward the stairs. “Or doing drugs,” he said, a suspicious look on his face. “Or eating
Cas was seated and in handcuffs inside the single holding cell. Ben and Jerry stood outside with their arms crossed.
Dean was in the kitchen, making dinner with Jack, when Cas came in from work. “How was your day at the office?” Dean asked.
Alastair clicked his tongue. “Now now, grasshopper, don’t get uppity on me.” He reached up and before Dean could do more than brace himself he could feel his ear being twisted. He let out a breath between his teeth and glowered ahead into the darkness, his steps faltering for only a moment. Alastair let go, and then they were back to that downward climb.
Bela looked away, but not fast enough. A deep blue eye the size of a truck latched onto her, stared into her with a prickle of force, like a spike; it became hard to breathe. She curled into herself.
“Shouldn’t you be at school?” Dean realized, as he ran into Jack flipping through a DC comic about Captain Marvel.
The next day, Cas went to work as usual, sitting himself at his desk next to Balthazar, who greeted him in a friendly tone. “Hey, Halloween is next week, remember?”
“Oh, get out of here,” Lilith waved a hand lethargically as her minion hurried back in, holding a fresh baby in his hands. “I know you’re just aching to get back to your cutting and stabbing.”
“Of course,” Cas said. “What is it, Anna?” He went to stand beside her, leaning on the rail too. They stared out onto the green grass.
He grabbed Dean by the neck, pressed his face against the rough stone sill, hard enough it scraped blood. Dean went with the motion, letting himself be held. That far-away look wrenched from his eyes, his pupils expanding as his half-turned gaze met Alastair’s unyielding expression. His tongue wetting his lips just barely. That debauched cockslut. He might be promised to the angels but right now, right now he belonged to no one else. Alastair yanked the pants from around Dean’s hips, the boy helping with a shimmy, bracing his legs open. And Alastair spit on his hand, wet his cock and pushed in. Not soft. He could do soft, sometimes. Had taught Dean to respect that just as much as violence. But right now, no—he wanted hurt. The keen that his protege let out, melting into a strangled groan. The wet play of tears in his eyes. The open mouth, and the catch of lips on teeth; his hot, tight, shudder. Rock hard and bucking back against him. Nowhere else in the world, just here.
For a moment, Chuck just stared at them. Harsh, unyielding, like a vast desert. There was nothing in his eyes, not a bit, and it almost surprised him. ‘Cause he could remember when the entity was different. Still a dick, yeah, but there had been
She thought about yellow-eyes a lot. Not sure if she was angry at her father for dying, for failing, or whether she missed his miserable ass. Part of her thought it might be both. She'd been his favorite, and now she was nobody's favorite.
•Technically, it's not possible to get snake eyes with knucklebones, since there are four of them & the roll describes two dice showing one point each; but I'm ignoring that for the sake of symbolism. I'm using it to describe her lowest possible roll; & in Bela's divination it reads as bad luck.
“We’ll be in my room if you need us,” Jack said. Belphagor smiled at Dean and Cas and followed Jack upstairs. Dean and Cas looked after them, hearing the door closing, then loud rock music playing.
In a few minutes, Sam and Rowena had finished setting up the spell, and Dean, who had gone to his room, reentered with a machete in one hand and a flamethrower in the other. “I’m ready to fight anything,” he said.
its property… so we can’t expect him to get Cas for us. But if we do the first half, he’ll have to tie up the loose ends.”
, she thought again. She didn't know what she was saying or why. Mercy? Did these creatures even have any? Still, as it turned to go she was reaching toward the corner of its robe.
“Dean,” Alastair said, and Dean turned back as Alastair grabbed his hand and led their way into the crowd.
The manacles breached the meat of her flexor and with a scream, she fell lower, feet driving into the ground crawling with ants. She made a choked sob that Dean couldn’t help grinning at.
"It's not exactly—" Dean hit a rock with his shoe and it went bouncing, skittering down to its sad pebble death. He leaned closer to the canyon wall, both hands against it with a white-knuckled grip. "It's not exactly a good hiding place, even with spellwork, I gotta say."
There it was again, and this time it stayed. Alastair's hand clamped around his own, stopping his release, and Dean let out a shaky groan. Desperation, but gratitude, too. Alastair was touching him. His warm breath traveled over Dean's chest. His teeth nipped at Dean's skin, and Dean moved—forward, backward, he didn't know. "I've got you," Alastair whispered.
Dean picked it up, confused, and dropped it into the empty fruit bowl on the coffee table. “Huh,” he said. “I don’t remember putting that there.” Things being where they shouldn’t was always a bad sign. Before he’d moved here it would’ve made him think there was a ghost at work, but somehow Dean knew that wasn’t a problem in Arcadia.
“What’s the deal, Alastair,” Dean said, taking endless steps down. “This is about more than the angels attacking. They’re not coming for you, are they?”
For a moment Dean tensed, waiting for some sudden molecular burst of annihilation, but Chuck just stared back at them, and he could feel Sam’s tension, not hatred but something worse than that; fear. Because no one had dragged Sam down; degraded him, broken his spirit, cut out his last remnants of hope, better than
) "9 I looked, and there were four wheels beside the cherubim, one beside each cherub; and the appearance of the wheels was like gleaming beryl. 10 And as for their appearance, the four looked alike, something like a wheel within a wheel. 11 When they moved, they moved in any of the four directions without veering as they moved; but in whatever direction the front wheel faced, the others followed without veering as they moved. 12 Their entire body, their rims, their spokes, their wings, and the wheels—the wheels of the four of them—were full of eyes all around. 13 As for the wheels, they were called in my hearing "the wheelwork." 14 Each one had four faces: the first face was that of the cherub, the second face was that of a human being, the third that of a lion, and the fourth that of an eagle. ... 21 Each had four faces, each four wings, and underneath their wings something like human hands."
“I know,” Cas said. And then he smiled slyly, an idea forming. “Dean, you don’t belong here. You have human dreams, ones the Empty can’t take charge of. Let me allow you to sleep, and I’ll join you there.”
“My lady is too kind,” Alastair said with some sarcasm. Lilith just grinned at him before taking the baby in her hands.
Her apartment in the upper city was well-warded, the closets filled to the brim with paraphernalia she'd collected over thousands of years; the main room, however, was bare of any personal touches. One creaky bed was pushed almost absently against the wall, and every so often Meg would collapse on top of it, becoming dead to the world. She'd spent more time there than she'd have liked recently, what with being banished to Hell by the Winchesters twice. Instead of decorating, she'd taken long walks through the city, daring anyone to look at her wrong. If they did, she killed them.
•further Alastair/Dean fics that are awesome, and influenced my idea of Dean/Alastair or just Dean's time in hell in general: (1)
Belphagor was just leaving when Cas returned. Cas waved at him cheerily as they passed on the driveway. Belphagor shot him that cross-between a gang sign and a salute. Despite the sunglasses, Cas had a distinct feeling Belphagor was giving his trenchcoat the evil eye.
It leaned down again. Placed the sword in front of her. It was—small. Almost a long dagger. Deceptively plain. What was it doing?
“What? Who said, what’s going on?” Dean asked, suddenly paying attention to how odd Cas’ tone sounded.
"Possibly," Meg said. "I like to think of it as visionary, but each to her own." She snapped her fingers, and Nanghait bowed his head, letting Meg onto his back. She held onto his neck and pressed her knees in as the curling storm of feathers widened, taking the shape of wings, flickering dark and vast as void. With a beat of his wings and a jump of his hindlimbs, Nanghait had taken to the air, slipping through the walls like a shadow and spinning to dizzying heights above the star-shaped bastion fortress of Dis' upper city. He swooped through the sideways spires, darting through sky that felt like a rushing current around her.
The shadows lengthened, the daeva forming itself from pieces of nothingness; the swirling of feathers and the distainful horse's face glaring at her.
Dean nodded. “Oh, and you returned her book, right?” he asked. “She said if I kept not returning it she’d start spying on my phone. Typical.”
The sapling quivered. One dark leaf reached for him, and he let it brush against his outstretched fingers. It was soft, with fine hairs on the underside.
Cas looked down at his desk and continued straightening his papers. “That’s because we spend most of our time talking to each other.”
It was the middle of the night and still the light of the angels against the horizon. The bed, which was usually bathed in darkness, was cut with the sharp edges of a searing brightness, the merest glimpse of which had yet crawled over them. The sky overhead was still deep and soundless, without stars. The stars—well, they were on the ground, advancing with blades. Fucking celestials. Alastair hated them more than ever. He looked over at Dean, lying beside him, sleepy with a grin. Pressed his hand to the Winchester’s soft hair, petting absently. Watched the tension drain out of him, the look in his eyes losing their usual edge. He liked the softness, too—when it was directed at him. Liked it when he remembered how well he’d taught the boy to carve.
And now they were back, all the ordinary sounds; cars going by and the hum of machinery and the heavy thrum of a city, a country, a whole world with individuals walking down their streets like eight billion lighters in an endless void. And sprawled out on the ground, shocked, confused, staring back at him: Cas. Cas, bereft, stony, betrayed; still as gorgeous as he had looked when they first met, when he’d stepped over that salt line in the barn, like it was nothing, like he hadn’t turned the entire world over on its axis, shook the magnetic poles out of whack, changed Dean forever.
“Dean—” Cas said, urgently, “it’s not going to work. The Empty is pulling me back—we made a deal. It’s not going to let go.”
“If he hasn’t done anything with it yet, I doubt he was ever intending to,” Rowena said. “In fact it’s possible he did it on accident.”
because as many times as you died a hero it never changed a thing; but this? Something about this was different. Chuck, that poor bastard, didn't get it. He could make them his puppets. He could force them to do whatever he wanted to fulfill his sick storyline. But the meaning?
The pace has calmed, since the gas station, and that makes him let out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding. “Hey, Cas,” he managed, sliding a hand across the dusty top of the old TV. “We’re coming for you. Don’t worry.”
“Grab everything you can,” he says, turning finally to face Sam. “We’re gonna go Rambo in this son of a bitch.”
; definitely not having fun, which was the whole goddamned point of hauling ass all the way out here. Or- no. The point of hauling ass all the way out here was so that they could just be out of the bunker, because they both went stir crazy, and maybe a change of scenery would do something good. The
By the time he gets back to their bench with an array of pie that, on any other day, would’ve made him feel like a fucking
There’s a beat, where Dean has to wonder if Sam’s gonna take the bait, play into the show, and then a sigh when he finally bites. “Yeah, you’re right.”
It’s not coming from the television, this time. Dean has to fight to not break focus and open his eyes to snap his head around.
for me, Sammy.” Dean’s voice is raw when he speaks; he can’t help it, can’t hold back. “The fuck am I meant to do with that? How the hell am I ever meant to-”
?” Sam seems just as frustrated as he is, but Dean doesn’t know how to answer him, so he doesn’t. Instead, he just shifts onto his side, turns his back to Sam, and closes his eyes.
they were looking for an angel, at the time, and he curses, and starts kicking at the chalk with his boot.
, even if the instinct was there, because- well. Believing that was nice. Believing that he deserved Castiel, that all the things he’d said before going about Dean being more than what he thought of himself, about being
“You think if you have another happy moment, the Empty’s gonna try and take you back?” Baby steps. He asks it without looking, fiddling with the lever on the side of the toaster.
“I’ll say it as many times as it takes you to believe it,” Dean says, and he doesn’t get anything out beyond that before
“Dean.” Sam’s to his left, and he can feel him there, but can’t make himself turn to face him. He can’t make himself do anything other than stare down the Empty, and feel the emptiness in his chest rise to meet it. He wants to say it’s calling out, but he figures that the Empty doesn’t call out. It doesn’t do anything other than swallow sound, swallow life, swallow
before they’re off in separate rooms, and even Dean’s racing thoughts can’t save him from passing out nearly the moment his head hits the pillow.
“We don’t know what’s in there.” The voice of reason, Sam always was; a real Debbie Downer, but in the ways that always saved Dean’s ass. This isn’t an admonishment now, though. Dean doesn’t have to look back over his shoulder to know that Sam’s staring right into the slash in the night, too, and watching the darkness suck the world in, even as nothing ripples around it.
“Don’t think you can hack it? Come on, Sam, we’ve done fuckier magic.” Dean’s almost smiling, until he slides into the front seat of the Impala and remembers why he hadn’t been so happy the first time. “God. You got to douche her up, even in my memory, huh?”
“I’m coming into the kitchen,” comes Sam’s voice from the entryway, and it makes both of them jump. “So, if you’re making out in the kitchen, don’t be.”
rending just a tiny bit wider. “Yeah, no, I- think about them, too.” And, he did- does. Every day, every half second, something reminding him
“If there’s even a morning here,” Dean snorts, but he tucks the underfilled pillow more securely under his head, and feels some of the tension drain from his shoulders. “Night, Sammy.”
. He pockets it with the chalk, and hears static start up again. It’s the same heartbeat as earlier, and he stops Sam before he cranks it.
“Not- no,” Dean said, a humorless laugh on the last word. “No. His happiest moment was telling me he fucking loved me.”
is here, and every so often Dean will remember he can reach out and hold his hand, or throw an arm around his waist, or drop a kiss to his forehead when he walks past, and that
“I thought it was just the both of you being stupid,” Sam went on, as if Dean hadn’t piped up in the first place. Dean can hear his mattress shifting again, Sam getting up to start pacing. “Thinking that neither of you felt the same way, you know? That you’d, like- figure it out if you had enough space to breathe, really focus on it. But it was-
They fall into the moonlit woods, still littered with the cooling bodies of those stupid fucking vampires, hand in hand. “
“Fuck.” It’s definitely Sam that says it, this time, and not Dean, because Dean’s standing stock-still, staring down the blackest black he’d ever seen, darker than the night surrounding it, swallowing all light, and he can’t make himself say
“Dean.” It’s a warning and a question, this time. Sam wants to know what their next move is. Sam wants to know if they’re going to run, if they’re gonna spend the night trying to pull together an answer, if-
, Sam,” Dean says again, this time through gritted teeth. He flops down onto one of the beds. It’s just as uncomfortable as his hazy memory told him it would be. “Just- sit down, and we’ll… wait.”
, and even in a moment where there’s no certainty in anything, it sends a flash of it down Dean’s spine. They’re doing this.
to; there’s a very large part of him that does, and he just barely fights it off by looking at the exhaustion on Cas’ face, in his frame, and reminding himself that angels might not sleep, but Cas had literally just been through hell and back, and a little bit of a breather is in order.
“I don’t think he’s gonna- be able to answer us, Sammy.” Dean’s hands are curled into tight fists, fingernails biting into flesh, grounding him, somewhat.
, Sammy.” Dean can’t think around that, can’t make his train of thought stop at any other station. “We can’t- this could be our only chance to--”
“I mean, he- had the  chance to save me, when Billie came after us.” Dean can’t make himself turn over and face Sam, can’t even make himself open his eyes and at least face the shadows on the wall. “He’d… made some deal, that- whenever he was… whenever he had his happiest moment, he’d- the Empty would come for him.”
was his happiest moment?” Dean could hear the way that Sam’s face was crinkling, trying to put the pieces together.
Sam shakes his head. “But, I wasn’t with you when you met him, last time,” he says. “I was… at the diner, right? So, if you’re retracing your steps-”
“Got it.” Sam stops flipping, finally, and turns the book towards Dean, and- thank god, before Dean has to try and read John Winchester’s chicken scratch- starts explaining. “He… didn’t have a whole helluva lot, but. Something in here about a doomsday cult?”
. It has to be. Sam seems to catch it too, and he opens his mouth to ask something, but Dean holds up a hand to stop him, and just pumps the volume instead.
“Back at the- not the beginning, I guess,” Dean says, trying to spit the taste of earth from his mouth and not succeeding. “But- close. We’re looking for Cas, and this is-” He gestures at the empty highway, not so far out of sight. “This is… the first time I was doing that.”
like, by now. No brimstone here, no burning, just- open expanse. A void that Dean knows without having to try it that, if he yelled into it, it would swallow the noise.
“I… no, I don’t think so.” The hope in Castiel’s voice makes Dean’s chest ache in a whole new way, and the anger dissipates just as soon as it got there- or, rather, turns into something else entirely. Determination.
He tries to think of something else to say, something better, bigger- but, the words either die on the tip of his tongue or won’t leave the shadowy areas of his mind, so he just huffs frustrated “Amen,” and climbs back into bed. It’s no more comfortable, but, he’s able to settle, and drift off after a few long minutes of listening to Sam’s half-snoring.
When they first pass through, Dean thinks he’s gone blind, but he’s not- he’s not anything. He’s not weighted or weightless, not here or there, not, not, not-
“Back to the car,” he says, because he can’t deal with hearing all that again, now. Cas, calling out- pleading with them, with
“Just ‘til we get back to the bunker,” Dean says quickly, because he already feels like he’s about to burst, but he also knows he’s gonna be
They find the door to the room open, just like they did the last one, and Dean pushes inside. “Should I… go, then?” Sam asks.
“Of course,” Cas says, a bit stilted. He clears his throat, and squares up his shoulders in a move Dean’s come to realize as him dropping that mask back on. Suddenly, he hates it. “We can… wait.”
He hears Sam sigh, and feels his hand on his shoulder. “We don’t know if we can get out.” Still not telling him to turn back, that this is stupid.
happy. Put on a smiley face, even if he didn’t feel like he could, and put on a clown show for his little brother, who never liked clowns anyway.
have told the vampmimes- mimepires? Dean would have to workshop it- that they were coming, because getting out of their will all their blood where it’s supposed to be is a pain in the
“Don’t… take this the wrong way,” Cas says, and the veneer breaks, a bit of nervousness slipping through. “But, I didn’t think you would.”
“Dear Cas,” he starts, just like he always did; it’d been a long time since he’d prayed to him- for him- but, this whole thing seemed to be about the old. “I don’t- know if you can hear me, and I… don’t think you’d be able to tell me, even if you did, but… if you’re listening, I just-” He inhales shakily, and has to fight down the urge to stop here. “I want you to know that I- that I feel- fuck
He pulls in and stops anyway, almost despite himself. He wants to keep driving, but isn’t sure if there’ll even be road to greet him. He’s not sure if the Empty plans that far ahead.
. It’s not getting up in the morning and trying to pry breakfast out of the clenched fist of whatever podunk town they’d settled into, it’s not picking his head up off one of the tabletops of the bunker after passing out there with fifteen folders of research still spread out in front of him.
Dean has to fight to get the words out, but they come to him easy- just what Pamela said, with a grin. “Sorry, Castiel. I don’t scare easily.”
He almost doesn’t process that Sam’s talking to him, he’s so deep in his own mind. He’s staring intently at his laptop screen, but his mind’s a million miles away, thinking of something, someone, somewhere else, and-
“Good.” Dean straightens up and turns so he’s looking Cas in the eyes, reaching a hand out that hovers for a moment before dropping to his side. “I- god, okay. I didn’t really- plan a speech as good as yours, so you’re gonna just have to let me get through it.”
“Not mimes,” Sam says, but it’s a halfhearted rebuke. He’s flipping through their dad’s journal with that intent look in his eye that tells Dean he’s looking for
Dean’s happy for the work, but not happy because “the work” always means someone’s dad’s dead, and someone’s mom is traumatized, and someone’s kids are missing, taken by--
Dean manages a grin, even if no one can see it. It’s determined, grim, but. It’s something. “When has that ever stopped us?”
They push through the building until they find an unlocked door, and the familiar, ugly wallpaper tells Dean that
It’s clearer, now, blasting from the speakers so it’s easier to pick up. His name, and then a few more moments of static before it’s repeated, a steady pattern, like a heartbeat.
“Seems like you’re driving this one,” Sam says, getting up and brushing glass from his clothes. “Where to next?”
over a decade ago, so it’s not like Dean remembers every step of the journey. That- feels right, though, about as right as anything. This expanse, he knows, is a memory- humans weren’t meant to fall into the empty, so this is a safety net. A lobby, keeping the public out of the guts of the building.
start kissing again just to spite him- and, the day is almost weirdly normal, from there. Breakfast. Research. Fucking around playing keep away with the book Sam needs in the library- except, now,
The entry of a phalanx of angels into Hell was met with screams and cries, of course. A straggle of Hell’s foot-soldiers were wiped away by a subatomic blast with barely a thought. The noise of the angels’ footsteps shook the ground for miles, and the beat of their wings drew the air taut like a thread. From his private penthouse in the city of Dis, the High Inquisitor could see the consistent glimmer of their passing on the horizon, lighting up the accustomed endless night like a blood-red dawn. They were coming closer, inexorably.
Cas accepted the book and stuck it into one of his trenchcoat pockets. He pecked Dean on the cheek and smiled. “I’ll be home for dinner,” he promised.
“Well, no—maybe. Management is terrible; the work is repetitive, I don’t feel like we’re having any good impact on this town, I don’t know what anything I sign is for… I could be authorizing things I don’t agree with. I could be signing off on forest logging operations for all I know! Are you aware how harmful that is to wildlife?”
The ferryman caught Dean’s glance and grinned, the corner of his mouth slimy. “Maybe a bit? I seen one once, y’know. Scariest bitch I ever seen. Thought I was gonna die. Well, again.” The ferryman laughed creakily.
) "4 As I looked, a stormy wind came out of the north: a great cloud with brightness around it and fire flashing forth continually, and in the middle of the fire, something like gleaming amber. 5 In the middle of it was something like four living creatures. This was their appearance: they were of human form. 6 Each had four faces, and each of them had four wings. 7 Their legs were straight, and the soles of their feet were like the sole of a calf's foot; and they sparkled like burnished bronze. 8 Under their wings on their four sides they had human hands. And the four had their faces and their wings thus: 9 their wings touched one another; each of them moved straight ahead, without turning as they moved. 10 As for the appearance of their faces: the four had the face of a human being, the face of a lion on the right side, the face of an ox on the left side, and the face of an eagle; 11 such were their faces. Their wings were spread out above; each creature had two wings, each of which touched the wing of another, while two covered their bodies. 12 Each moved straight ahead; wherever the spirit would go, they went, without turning as they went. 13 In the middle of the living creatures there was something that looked like burning coals of fire, like torches moving to and fro among the living creatures; the fire was bright, and lightning issued from the fire. 14 The living creatures darted to and fro, like a flash of lightning."
“I looked into what you asked. You were right. Uriel’s definitely up to something, but I can’t tell what,” Anna said. “They keep speaking in code. All I can get is mentions of something called ‘the breakthrough’, an initiative he seems to be backing with the Essential Venue for Integrated Labefaction. And, as far as I can tell, that company’s one of Sandover’s biggest competitors on the market.”
The teeth-rattling noise of the brightness was louder, now. She could barely hear the soul screaming under her hand, and she was just stabbing mechanically at this point,
“What the…?” he rubbed the blood off onto his suit, and looked at the grey stain it left behind. But on his hand, the fresh blood was still a brilliant red. Cas walked back into his office, staring at his hand.
, he thought, looking over at Cas’ handcuffs, which started to look dark before his eyes, as if made of writhing tar. His stomach dropped.
“Yeah, like killing each other is already so easy,” Sam said; there was terror, and something like a deep resignation; still, he put his solid weight behind Dean until there they were, all three of them, facing the unfaceable, together. “You’re a sadist; an evil, spineless coward. Just like Lucifer.”
“That,” Cas said, “and, if my information is true,” he added quietly, “he has ties to a political up-and-comer. For all we know he has the station under his thumb.”
by InHisImage (Dean & Alastair, but gen) a hell-fic describing an ordinary day of torture and perfectly manages to capture a messed-up, fascinating dynamic. I have not, sadly, managed to write a portrayal of Alastair half as brilliant as any of these.
Dean looked Cas straight in the eye. Cas stared back. The clock on the wall ticked past second by second, as Dean’s expression changed from panic to incredulity to a formidable, very settled annoyance. “Ok, fudge this, I’m out,” he said. “We are
•Alastair's garden is inspired by a short fic I read once and unfortunately didn't keep track of; it was a creepy Dean & Alastair torture fic where everything was botanically inspired. If I find it again, I'll add the name.
Time crawled. Occasionally, Alastair would sing, the echoes bouncing back to meet them. In between was silence, and they sat across from each other in the circle. Neither wandered; the forbidding nature of the mountains was too clear; it was as though they were there on sufferance. And what would they even look for if they did wander? More sharp points, more melted metal ground; cliff-faces that dropped sheer into the mist below. Above, the sky was empty.
by kayliemalinza. It's an utterly *brilliant* Dean/Alastair oneshot that also happens to be the most convincing character study of Dean in hell I've ever read, as to how Dean exactly would've stood out so much in his methods of torture that even in season 15 demons were still talking about it.
. He’d never needed or wanted anything about Earth. Didn’t know why everyone went so gaga over it. It’s a religious matter, he reminded himself.
Dean awoke to the shimmer of heat-lightning beyond the cave entrance and a far-off rumble pounding in his bones. Alastair was asleep; with a little stealth and gritting his teeth against muscles that had seized in the cold night, Dean managed to stand quietly, holding himself up with one hand, and hobble closer to the entrance, looking out. The storm, in its immensity, filled the slice of air he could see between the canyon walls, bursts of light and staggering, crackling arms of blue-white energy across the deep. There was no rain, not here in the dry lands but a fullness in the air that hadn't been before, a warm, wild rush. It drew him forward. Curiosity. But there was a hush between the bursts of distant thunder that seemed to rest somewhere in his throat, like clear water; and a hum against the sand. Dean had edged out of the cave without realizing it, head tilted toward the sky, and then he was climbing back up the canyon wall.
“Belphagor and I are the only kids in town,” Jack explained, shrugging. “It wasn’t enough to justify the tax dollars.”
by Anonymous. It's one of my favorite SPN fics, a long, epic, canon-compliant Dean/Cas s4/5 fic that is so good it feels like it happened between the bits of the show you saw, going through the character arcs of both Dean & Cas in such an *amazing* way that you just keep being surprised by what happens, even as it sticks to canon events. The Cas character development and the writing for him is spot on, the vibe of the whole piece, the interspersed dreams about hell Dean has and the way he's like, wanting to go back there most of the time and just waiting around for it, Cas wanting to save him [emotionally] but being unable to? There weren't a lot of Sam moments but those, too, were *awesome,* and the ending of the fic is *utterly brilliant.* (Despite being written years ago, it manages to eerily line up with where the show took their characters, too...)
Alastair had only a few bites, mostly watching Dean in silence, washing down the sweetness with the rich thick tang of blood. Dean felt like a sacrifice on the way to the chopping block. But there was no use pressing for the truth anymore, he’d find out what was going on when he found out and not a moment earlier, so he focused on the high and tried not to think. But the human blood brought up the feelings he’d earlier been able to ignore, clearing out space in the anger. He didn’t realize his hands were shaking until Alastair caught his palm, rubbing it gently. Dean just wanted to punch him. It was a tired, well-worn thought, but today it was bitterer than most. He was waiting for the other shoe to drop. He didn’t know how. Alastair had never done anything like this before.
We're kind of busy at the moment so we might not get the next chapter posted by next week, but it's planned out and we're super excited for what we've got in store... :)
. He reached out his hand, slid it into his brother’s, and felt Sam’s grip tighten around his own, sweaty and shaking and yet
At Lover’s Lake, the view was serene. Birds chirped, cherry blossoms drifted through the air, covering the drive, as the tide turned gently.
“Wait, so then… you wouldn’t be able to feel any of this,” Dean said, with dawning realization. “Or, register it, at least…” He didn’t have to think twice. “Do it.”
“You don’t have to worry,” Cas said, “about money, or anything. I’ve applied to another place, and they’ve let me in, despite the short notice.”
“You think you can escape me?” It said in a horrible little tone of lighthearted, frenzied anger. “You? The one who woke me up? No… I have plans for you… plans to see you suffer…” the thing that wasn’t Cas stopped, cocked its head, and then looked at Dean as though noticing him for the first time. “A human…
It’s okay, Dean tried to reassure himself. We’ve got everything we need. We’ll get Cas back. It worked for Nick, right?
Dean stared right back into Cas’ eyes. When at last they kissed, the world around them shimmered, fading and brightening as the world around them turned to color. When they parted, Dean watched Cas’ warm eyes open, dark lashes revealing deep, oceanic blue. “So are you,” he whispered.
A soft wingbeat resonated from nearby as a white stork flew through the open window. It deposited a basket on the table, puttered around for a moment, took the pear from the fruit bowl and flew away.
out of today. He’s got a stomach full of pie and a whole speech to pretend he’s not rewinding in his head until he passes out tonight, and for once, hunting’s not keeping his mind off of
of that, and no chance now of ever getting him back. They’d lost all the aces they used to hide up their sleeves.
Cas seems to see the same in the way that Dean’s carrying himself, and it only takes a look and a tacit
Dean rolls his eyes. “What did I say about letting me get through this? I meant, like, spiritually.”
“Hold tight,” he mumbles, and tries to ignore the look in Sam’s eye when he turns back around. “It’s, ah- Pamela, next. Her place.”
“This isn't last time,” is the only reply Dean gives him before he pumps the music so loud that Sam couldn’t have replied if he wanted to, and zeroes in on the road.
The last time he heard his name like that, it was tacked onto a goodbye, the last word Castiel had ever spoken before the Empty ripped him away.
. He curses to no one in particular before his ear catches static, and he only has the barest moment to hit the deck before all the glass in the room explodes.
, like he almost does every time Sam pulls it. His little brother, trying to pull some kind of authoritative tone with him. “It’s not- you’re never gonna be able to pay someone back all the things you think you owe them for loving you, Dean. You- god. You don’t expect
The words fill the room and hang in the air for a long, long moment before Sam replies. “What do you mean?”
“We’re- gonna need something heavier duty than the machetes.” There’s a finality, there; Sam giving in. An
“Fuck off,” Sam says, but there’s a laugh behind it. Relief. He knows they’re getting close, too, Dean knows. They’re both getting hopeful.
“I think we both need to get some rest,” Sam said in lieu of an answer, and he’s probably right; Dean’s exhausted, and if Sam hadn’t been before, his little motivational speaking stint seems to have taken it out of him. “We’ll… hopefully, we’ll know what the hell we’re waiting for in the morning.”
Hopefully, somewhere in here, they can find an employees only door. Cas isn’t just gonna be waiting for them at the front desk.
“Good morning, Dean.” There’s a caution to it, a tension Dean’s not used to, but he knows what it means. Cas it waiting for a reaction he never thought he’d get; he’d thought he was going to get away without ever hearing Dean return his feelings- or, from the way he made it sound, rebuff them. That makes the Dean’s chest ache again, just like it had in the empty, and he can’t stand it for another second longer. He’s
It’s like a record scratching in a movie. Dean’s entire body freezes. “The fuck do you mean ‘that’s why?’ He- did you-”
. He’s not sure if it’s mocking or mourning. Jack, at least- he could hope the kid was in a better place, doing better things.
It’s faint, but his ear picks it up, and it makes his head snap towards the sound in a second like a dog on a scent. It sounds, for a moment, just like radio static would, like he was catching channels going through a town, but after his mind adjusted to the noise, he heard it.
Sam snorts, and Dean doesn’t have to squint through the dark room to know exactly what smile he’s got on his face. “He should really know better by now, huh?”
Eventually, he hears the sound of a mattress shifting, and Sam heaving a sigh as he settles. They’re silent, after that, and there’s a tension hanging like there usually only is when there’s something they really,
“You’re kidding,” Dean says, like it’s easy, a laugh in his voice as he reaches out. “You grip me tight, and you think I’m not gonna return the favor? Come on now, Cas, you know always give back.”
It’s Sam’s voice- thank fucking god, it’s Sam’s voice- and he’s moving to his side just as Dean’s sitting up. “I- god, it just popped me out after I got to the diner, I didn’t- are you- oh, god,
“Cas is in there.” They haven’t talked about it, since Dean came back alone. He hasn’t told Sam about how Cas got there, about his promise, his
Sam knew the routine; he was climbing into the passenger’s side almost before Dean got the question out. “We’ll find out.”
“Morning, Cas,” he gets out, casual as he can manage, moving over to his normal place at the counter. It’s- close, closer that he’d let himself get in a long time, shoulder to shoulder if he were to turn his body the right way.
, and it’s the best thing Dean’s ever heard, and it’s the natural next step- of course, of course- to open his arms and close the gap between them, pulling Cas into a tight embrace, and--
He sat up a little more but Cas pushed him back down again and laid on top of him with his crossed arms propping up his chin.  Dean cushioned his arms behind his head and waited the rolling quakes to cease.
A surprised moan was trapped behind his teeth as he tried in vain not to push headlong into his open hand like he was long past touch starved.  “Fuck, Cas…  anything.”
Dean put an arm around Sam’s back and helped him retreat towards his room to sleep the pain off.  “Can’t you just perform the chants, Cas?”
More at the mercy of his nerves than he anticipated, a grand inhale inflated his lungs as he pulled the documents closer.  Unlike the yellowing pages housed in every other folder, the color and texture of the pages were thinner and lacked the aged pages’ stiff texture.  Tossing a questioning look at Sam gained him no new intel, merely a nod urging him to read on
Cas appeared to slowly sway on his bent knees forward and back a little bit, almost as if his movements clinked the segments of glass together.  Sam could almost hear movement.  After a few moments, Cas lifted his head slightly, canted towards his tall friend and said, “Eventually he will tire of his private hunts.  Time will shred his beautiful form and experiences on this plane will ravage his mind.  He will become unable then unwilling to sacrifice so much for this world.  As always his iridescently glowing soul will shine brighter than any other I’ve held in my hands. The distractions will fall from his view and I will still be there right beside him - beside you both – whenever and always.  If it takes until his dying day, I will watch, wait, and breathe in any of his affection.  His mind and body may deteriorate and decay and I will not care for him any less.”
Explaining the bunker to Benny and the others without actually showing them its inner walls was a challenge though.  The discussion nearly came to blows when Garth questioned how safe it was for Claire to live in, consideration for the man who signs his checks being justifiably secondary.  Sam brooked their decision on Dean’s behalf, but one call to CPS and they would have a metric ton more questions to answer from people who did not know them apart from any Thomas, Richard, or Harold.  In the end, they enlisted Donna to break the tension.  As a mother and someone who cared for Claire, she could objectively gauge if the proposed living space was indeed unsafe for a little girl to occupy.  Dean remained on the brewery floor with the staff as Sam showed her through the library, bedrooms, shower room, kitchen, and any other parts of the complex she asked about.  When they arrived at the metal barricade, Sam overcame her objections with the powers of negotiation and distraction drilled into him during his formative years at law school.  When she asked if the area was blocked off because of hazards and demanded to be shown past its lock, he offered up anecdotes of Dean’s thorough helicopter parenting and showed her the room the doting father decorated for his little one across the hall from his own.  One step into the fairy light embellished room sporting a freshly painted teddy bear parade mural, her eyes lit up.  Wild horses couldn’t have stopped her from snapping photo after photo of his marvelous attention to detail.  The adult sized bed had netted guard rails along the sides.  All of the outlets had protected fittings, and all the furniture with sharp corners was replaced with rounded kiddie sized versions.  Obviously Sam neglected to mention all of the weapons that were previously on display had been stockpiled in another bedroom, but that and the noxious smells from cleaning that had since dissipated were unwarranted details.  Mercifully, she agreed to give her stamp of approval.
It appeared as though it was sitting beside him, the constant, slow-moving coils gleaming as though in lamplight, wound around the dead trees. Its wings, six of them, moved like a constant breath, in and out, and in and out, and in. They enclosed the sky as though covering him, protecting him in a glittering cave. Its colors stained Dean's hands sea-green, and its flank was like a banked fire.
the city. Listen, says I, I get it, we all want to live in Dis with a roof over our heads but I’m not a fucking charity worker. No money, no ride.”
“Got lost in the stairwell? That certainly bodes well for your promotion,” Uriel said. “Speaking of which,” he handed him a pile of papers, “we need you to sign these.”
) "1 In the year that king Uzziah died I saw also the LORD sitting upon a throne, high and lifted up, and his train filled the temple. 2 Above it stood the seraphims: each one had six wings; with twain he covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he did fly. 3 And one cried unto another, and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the LORD of hosts: the whole earth is full of his glory. 4 And the posts of the door moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke. 5 Then said I, Woe is me! for I am undone; because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips: for mine eyes have seen the King, the LORD of hosts. 6 Then flew one of the seraphims unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar: 7 And he laid it upon my mouth, and said, Lo, this hath touched thy lips; and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin purged."
“I’ll never understand the taste of your generation,” Dean said. “Whatever happened to the classics?”
•"a fleeing ghost would be buffeted past, as though being knocked about in a high wind" is a reference to Dante's Inferno,
The conspirators looked around surreptitiously, even though they were alone. Then they hurried out of the room, and spent the next forty minutes re-locking the door.
The power of the voice shook her, and Bela dropped her knife, scrambling backward and almost falling off the spinning platform under the soul. She looked, with nauseous interest, at the dappled gleam of her blade growing smaller and smaller a speck as it fell into the endless well, and her hands grabbed on the grating of the platform for purchase.
"No need for all that," Dean said with a slight grin. He dug carefully around the sapling, brushing dirt off their roots, and finally held the small thing in his hands. They swayed, the roots grabbing hold of him to steady themself.
A chill went through her then, and she held the angel blade closer to her, staring at the afterimage the burning one had left in its wake.
“That’s true,” said Cas. “It’s somewhat of a miracle.” His eyes widened at that realization. “Dean…” Cas said, staring at his husband in breathless awe, “you’re like the Virgin Mary.”
She didn't know the whole Plan, of course; even Azazel hadn't told her that, and no one after him had given her the time of day. Still. She knew more than the average demon. She knew it had something to do with Dean Winchester. Dean Winchester who'd gone missing right around when the angels attacked.
It was the color of velvet, dusk burgundy where the veins were, and the new, soft wood was red and shining. It was a spot of curious color in the bleached forest, a spark of life struggling to existence in the otherwise interminable monotony. Dean noticed it at once and walked closer.
“I can take some slices, if you want,” Dean said. His back prickled as Alastair’s gaze raked across him. The High Inquisitor generally left Dean to his own devices on the racks, these days; said he didn’t need hand-holding anymore. This unexpected visit made him wonder—had he heard about the free month Dean had gained from Bela? Did he want to punish Dean for it?
“Then I guess we’re back to square one.” Today, square one was a box with a twist lid. He set it by her feet, watching her look toward it in curiosity, apprehension.
Dean let go and stumbled back, eyes flying open into the dark, waking up in his chair in a cold sweat. The movie was long over, and the room was quiet, and echoing, and cold.
Dean looked at the wall. “I don’t know,” he said tiredly. “I just… all day today I was walking around, finding this damn fruit everywhere,” he gestured at the fruit bowl, “and all I could think when I saw those vacant spaces—the, the chair, the spare room—was how
Uriel gave him a look. “There’s an extra zero on your paycheck. Now get to work before I take it away again. You’re late.”
Cas put two fingers to Dean’s forehead, as Dean stared back into his eyes. “We’ll go somewhere nice,” Dean said. “Somewhere happy. I promise.”
At that moment Azazel came outside, looked down at the scene and muttered to himself, “what a dump,” before walking away.
There was a deadfall in the forest, half-filling a hollow in the ground. The broken limbs of the fallen trees had crowded over one another into a precarious lattice into which sediment had gathered. Good dirt, this was, and not the salted earth underneath. In that tiny space grew a black-leaved sapling.
"Doesn't all of Hell smell like sulphur?" Dean said, following; he walked and climbed as close to the walls as he could, reminding himself not to look down. "How did it get
•Another really great oneshot that deals with (the aftermath of) Dean's time in hell in a really interesting way!
Cas felt an uneasy feeling in his stomach as he raised his pen and slowly signed his name, placing it on top of his previous contract. He grabbed another sheet.
Dean knew when the seraph was close because of the brightness through the trees, casting the ghost forest in a false-dawn. The black shadows of the trees were long and sharp-edged, and the sigils in the circular palisade flared to glowing life.
is used to mean "seraph" "serpent" and "fiery/burning" (or "fiery flying serpent" or dragon) depending on where it appears.
There it was. The touch. Just the bare skim of Alastair's hand over his own. Dean flushed, leaning forward—
Dean didn’t notice there was someone in the kitchen until he was halfway to the sink, thinking to splash some water on his face. He stopped short and turned when he saw the glamorously-dressed woman sitting at the table. “What the hell are you doing here?”
“Call me again if you ever want to come back,” the ferryman said, as Dean and Alastair climbed out into shallow water and waded toward land. “If you’re out of money,” he added, “I’ll always take a sweet soul like you as payment,” he said, and winked at Dean. Then he pushed off again, and was soon punting his way through the water again, pulled along quick as a silver fish.
Anna looked at him as though this was not the response she had in mind, but continued on anyway. “So, what are you planning to do with this, Cas?”
Dean wasn’t supposed to wonder. It wasn’t his job. Still, as they walked down the steps in total blackness, steps so steep you could barely get a foot onto it, so steep that with a push he’d go tumbling down to the bottom—not that Alastair would push him. Probably. Well, he found himself wondering about a lot of things. Free time in Hell—there was nothing worse. Dean waited for his eyes to adjust to the darkness, but the darkness remained so complete that there was nothing to be seen. It was cold, with still air that smelled of stone and the slime-green river. His hands, where they pressed against the wall on either side, were burning, almost numbed. There was an ache in his calves to add to the pain between his legs. He kept going. Alastair hadn’t yet said to stop.
“Let’s say we forgo the one at Sedgewick in two months, could we get him new or like new versions instead of all refurbished ones like last time?  He says one of them still acts up on occasion.”
Dean backed off of Cas’s lap lifting his right leg up at an uncomfortable angle.  A hollow crunching rang out as he faltered backwards.  He nearly took Cas to the floor when he reached out to steady him.  In a show of honed dexterity, Cas gripped his left shoulder and right forearm to keep his balance as he used the momentum to pull himself up.  It had the pleasant side effect melding their hides from knees to chest.
“Oh no!  Do I hear the mighty stomp of hungry Sam-enstein coming this way?” she gasped doing her best afternoon theater version of Greta Schroder’s black and white terror.
“Hold on, hold on,” Sam‘s mantra continued as his clacking keyboard nattered on in the background.  “Slow down.  I’m sorting through the finalized documentation now.”
The taller man stole a lump of steamed vegetables from his companion’s black bowl with an unabashed smile.  “She wanted to know when it started.” He popped the nugget in his mouth and leaned closer to Mick.
“One, I did not cry…”  He shot a finger up into the air and allowed his scrunched glare to rest on the angel for a couple of beats.
“So Dean wasn’t hurt?  That’s at least something,” his response emanated relief but Sam’s distracted expression told him to pry more.  “He was?”
Zaps of merciless ache shot up his core watching Cas outright torment a pair of eggs with a side of toast.  Left with no option to physically intervene, Dean resorted to commanding him around the kitchen so they could eventually enjoy an edible breakfast.  When they first moseyed down to the scarcely used kitchen space, he kept squirming around the harsh wooden barstool at the island unable to unearth an elusive comfortable position for his sore bum.  Taking mercy on him, Cas lugged the like new comfy seat over from the living room despite Dean’s objections so he could be within scolding distance of the amateur chef.  By Balthazar’s account Cas was a terrible cook, but his attempt to pull the wool over Dean’s eyes in that regard quickly soured.  The heat was on too high for eggs, for one.  Two, he left his post far more than he manned it offering this and that to lessen Dean’s discomfort.
Dean’s brow knitted and he let out a series of question words.  Eventually he landed on an expression of agreement and mild praise. “Either way, I don’t mind getting back on the road quickly.  Let’s just check it out once more and if we find nothing, we find nothing.  We’re definitely catching dinner somewhere further outside of town, though.  I don’t think I could take that many judgey looks for adding actual spices to my food again.”
“I mean it. You did me a real solid.   Won’t forget it.”  He bagged up the items and handed them off.  “But you gotta tell me: was any of that true?”
His particular brand of eye roll made a triumphant return.  “Excuse the faux pas, but didn’t you bring him up first?”
Dean took in one big breath and drew his left hand up to meet Cas’s on his face.  He nodded once and swept small circles over the back of his hand with the pad of his thumb.  His eyes darted towards Cas’s other hand which pulled up from his own crossed legs to over his belly button.  His stomach muscles tensed and relaxed twice in quick succession.  Cas’s gaze moved to his lower torso where he pulled his wrinkled t-shirt up to expose his lower belly, the band of his pajama bottoms sitting low over the top of his boxers.  The air forced out of Dean became slightly more erratic and he turned his head into Cas’s palm, clenching his eyes shut.  Hot breath dashed out in spurts over his thumb which pulled his gaze back up to the vexed face of his friend.  “Shhh, Dean.  I’ll be done soon.”  Nothing he could do would hurt him, but something about his touch tensed Dean up beyond what he imagined.  His gaze tore back to his lower belly and he gingerly placed his right palm under the belly button flat against his sleep warmed skin.  Instantly he could feel its raw untapped spiritual force.  It pulsated at a completely different frequency than Dean’s soul and decided to nest much further south.  His finger pads delicately massaged his lower abdominal muscles meticulously further heating up his soft skin.
Rounding the corner, he saw his friend once again casually dressed, his hands buried deep in his front pockets.  As much as he wanted to watch him from afar and contemplate the myriad of ways he adored him, Cas appreciated when he was prompt.  “Hey, Cas,” he greeted him with a clear timbre.
“You can leave it to me.  You haven’t made any progress with the case since you ate Dean’s first attempt at preparing Pad Thai.  I think you are suffering from gastric distress.  You hit the – go to bed, and I’ll make sure it’s taken care of,” he dismissed Sam’s efforts and overly cautious tone.
He wiped his hands on the kitchen towel beside him, distracting himself from the swell of joy forming in his belly.  “I don’t want to crowd you.  I mean, I don’t mind if you don’t.  I understand if you want your space after all you’ve…”
“For what?”  He shifted his weight to his left foot, craning his head in the same direction to listen more closely to his reply.
Thanks for reading until the end!  I couldn't settle on a title until I posted the complete work.  The story was partially inspired by a song called "Dumb Things", but using that as the title would have erased any gravity attributed to the intended amount of drama.  I hope all the time jumps made sense. If I end up finding a beta, I'll end up making adjustments anyway and clarify some things further.
He shrugged boyishly.  Through their large street-facing windows, he looked around the room absent his quarry.  “Well, how else could you know?”
“No, he… he just chose the lesser of two personal tragedies: never see his best friend again or lose the loves of his life.”
Cas bounced onto the edge of the bed and wriggled out of his own without a single wince from his injuries.  Dean thanked whatever merciful entities were responsible, rejoining Cas lips first.  Their bodies shifted against each other, honing in on the sultry lamentations they drained from each other with each flick of the wrist or glide of skin against skin.  Cas leaned to the side and dug through the bedside drawer for the first lube he could dig out.
The small child’s eyes followed his as she was led away, tugging at his protective impulses.  Instinctively he knew both of them had her best interest in mind, but his gut instincts were much harder to convince.
“If you we follow the instructions to the letter and you two commit to tiring yourselves out between now and tomorrow, I don’t foresee any of that happening,” he prattled draping his coat and jacket over the end of the table.
His eyes strained against the field a few feet above him where the rigid outline of a man firmly shouted at him.  The voice he knew in his bones, but the words cramped in on each other in hollering octaves.  Deciphering it felt like he was trying to taste Latin.  Grim confusion gripped him the more he was shouted at.  Gradually this man’s tone calmed and Cas’s vision clarified.  This man had a clear shot directly at his head.  Past the still barrel of his gun arched the arms of a sternly defensive green eyed man.  His strong jaw uttered concerned words one after the other in his direction as he ducked into the grassy mutilated knoll and withdrew his gun back into his jacket.  With his final step forward his vexed but assertive face snapped into focus.  Wait…
Every fiber in his core bristled even as his heart pounded, sweating out refusal.  But this was the truth he asked for, right?
He stepped forward gallantly, but half stepped back before the uncertain words could find their way through the mire of his thoughts, “You can’t wait forever, Cas. “ He reversed knowing the angel full well possessed the ability to do exactly that. “You – shouldn’t have to.  Dean totally has the - his mind is in the wrong place.  If he could be forced to look at how he’s hurting you, there’s no way he could continue.”
he shook out weakly.  For what felt like the first time, Cas appeared crystal clear across the link – no grainy filter of complex intentions clouding his visage.
Not a miracle, but it was progress he could work with.  “Awesome,” he leaned forward with his elbows on his knees.  “Can you nod for ‘yes’ and shake your head for ‘no’?”
Frustration and bewilderment competed for supremacy on his face.  “There’s footage of you copying a file from Dean’s laptop onto a USB drive and Counter Intel’s electronic signatures are all over those changed reports.”
If the sullen shift in their expressions was anything to go by, all of the light had left the building following their sonorous exit.  Sam regarded them with a modicum of pity, but then again, he felt the pang of their vacancy just as strongly.  Still something about recent target of Charlie’s affection bugged him.  “What happened to Gilda?  You were practically cemented to her face at the picnic.”
“No, but that’s not really the point.  If the possibility exists and we did nothing to stop them, we aren’t doing everything we can to keep ourselves safe.  We live in a centuries old secret society bat cave for fucks sake.   It took a very frantic month to update the place enough not to kill an overly curious full grown adult and another few weeks before I shored up the rest of it so Claire couldn’t stumble onto something dangerous even if she found her way past the barrier to the lower levels.”
His head fell back against the edge of the bed in silence.  He waited for a piano solo to end as Dean chewed at the inside of his lips waiting.  “We communicated nonverbally.”
“What does this have to do with…” Dean asked impatiently.  Cas lifted his hand from Dean’s but Dean snatched it back and held his tongue.
“Jesus, it’s not acid rain.”  She grabbed his arm and yanked him into the cold afternoon air.  “I’ll keep the rain off you.  Now get the beer inside before Mama has a conniption.”
The older Winchester hadn’t been this angry in a good long while.  Not only did he have an inexplicable angel sized hole in his home, but a small black speck that hovered right where he opted out of existence in his den.  Space around the black speck bent like the round plains of a donut, seeming to pull everything and nothing into it all at once.  Dean paced in the hallway outside of the den as he tried Sam on his cell for the eighteenth time.  Every so often he peered back through the doorway to make sure the spiteful speck didn’t relocate or eat the couch or whatever angel devouring black holes do.  He rewound and replayed the erection inducing afternoon delight at half speed in his mind, dissecting every moment for a witchy influence or hint of whiff of a smidgen of foul play.  Not a frame of suspicion was detected.  The beep from his voicemail message played again, but this time he chose to leave a message in the most succinct way he knew how.
He shook his head vigorously enough to brush against Dean’s shoulder.  “Please don’t mention the money.  We’ll be discussing it at the end of every quarter anyway and I don’t want to put any more pressure on you two.  You have already coped with so much recently and, as I’ve said before, I’m in this to provide support.  Now what’s on the agenda for next week?”
Light frustration graced his freshly shaven face and his fingers felt around the contents of the green jacket on the waffle patterned blue hospital blanket.  They felt past the coins, wallet, phone, and keys in search of something.  His blue eyes looked to Dean’s left pectoral and he scoffed at himself in consternation.  Trying to solve the problem floating over the stranger’s head, he felt at his chest where the stranger had looked.  What was normally there?  When he saw him last he was in his in his grey suit and white button down.  What was in his pocket?
“Huh,” he commented. When they first arrived at the emergency room, a doctor dragged the stranger off to do an evaluation leaving the agent to navigate the sterile smell of several corridors until he found him in a private room surrounded by overworked nurses.  After speaking to the most amenable of the nurses the first time around, they said they’d test him for drugs due to his disorientation and keep him hydrated.  They found nothing chemically wrong in the lab results.  What would a fighter pilot be doing in a hole in the ground without any shoes on?  “Did he say anything to you at any point?”
“These are archangels we were talking about.  Since when has one done us a solid out of the goodness of their vessel’s heart?”
He folded his arms over the edge of the table.  “I just assumed it was our sparks, but Cas did seem more suspicious of the electromagnetic interference.  That had to be his ‘Grace fluctuations’, right?  He never made it seem like a big deal, never acted like it put him in any pain, though.  You think he could have been hiding it from us?”
“Yep, guess I’ll have to ask HR what their policy is on employees dating.  Might have to make some changes to the contract,” he jested.
“The field agents trailed them for days and recovered property they abandoned.  One account tells of a handful of members hastily burying a mangled body.  Amongst the shovels and lanterns they left behind were trinkets with their insignias, overcoats, and one pocket worn diary.  The coats gave them enough scraps to track them to a local hotel, but the diary gave Sunder one member’s entire life story before and after joining the group.  The diarist didn’t use full names or addresses, but it did contain codenames and land markers near their central compound.  The man was clearly a talented impressionistic artist since they were able use his sketches to identify the city and county of their home compound: Shamayim.”
Dean felt the draw of Ketch’s hand to his Glock.  He eyed it menacingly, but held back at the last moment.
“Tell you what.  You answer a couple of my questions the best you can and the next time I’m by, I’ll sneak you in something.”  Those same forlorn shoulders lifted and he put his palms together in thanks.
He cleared his throat and scratched down his forearm vacantly.  “Depends on what’s going on that week I suppose.  We’ve got the shipment for tomorrow ready, so I’ll sort through emails and finish up whatever I have cookin’ upstairs before I head into town.”
“You seem eager to get out of here early.”  She poked at his elbow.  “You planning on hitting up your ex for a few drinks?”
He shrugged.  “Couldn’t tell you.  Its profile always made me curious though never having had the pleasure myself.  The recipe page in the office even has a load of notes on it, like Benny was prepping an eventual secondary batch.”
Cas looked up and released a shaky breath from his lungs.  “I’m fine, Dean.  It was just hard seeing your condition after I found you like that.  Luckily Sam was much better off, being further from the blast. But you… rebuilding you again… I’m so thankful I had the Grace to save you.”  He pulled his hand back and laid his arms loosely around each other on his lap.
Dean and Castiel shared a gravid searching gaze.  The agent tilted his head in Sam’s direction, but the stranger looked away.  Dean moved his open palm towards Sam, but Castiel crossed his arms over his chest defiantly.  The agent tossed his hands up into the air exasperated.
The frivolity dropped from his demeanor like a cast-iron skillet on bare toes.  “He reports to one of the donors.” The way he glared at Davies sent a chill up Dean’s spine.  Ketch would have given in to the urge to take up his glock once more if any movement permeated the thick fog of tension.
