Obviously. there was no hex bag because the kid had been searched up and down by the jailers and the hospital staff, and they knew from experience that the latter were the more thorough.
"I was just thinking I'd stand on my head if you wanted me to, if it gave you pleasure." Cas' hesitant words halted when he saw Dean's scrutiny. "Is that possible?" the angel protested. "It doesn't seem like it would be very considerate of the vessel."
He roamed around inside Cas when he felt well enough. Dean thought of something he'd heard on some late-night nature program, that a stegosaurus had a separate nerve center to control its legs, like a brain-outpost because the main brain was so far away. He could sense his body staying in one place somewhere in Cas' huge civilization, but Dean's consciousness was deﬁnitely moving around, peeking into different memories that he couldn't make sense of at all. Everything came at him in a riot of sounds and shapes that couldn't be decoded without the angel's awareness.
The Khan understood what they were saying but hadn't picked up much English—other than the word "wackadoo," which he gathered from Sam's telling of Dean's dismissal of the idea the warrior was going to come back.
Jack looked out the window at the little neighborhood in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. He was feeling eager to get out of the car and properly stretch his legs, but he was less eager about what lay inside.
“You should have seen it.” Sam joined in with a teasing grin. “A four year old Jack, running around in diapers. It was cute.”
“I mean, we were wrong Claire. You were wrong!” Jack said accusingly. “They don’t love each other and they never will. All we managed to do was screw everything up.”
Jack made another face, “No way. What makes you think that?” He was shocked by their question. He has known Dean and Castiel his entire life and he had never picked up on any romantic feelings between them. In fact, based on his experience Dean and Cas argued quite often, even more than Sam and Dean. Arguments between the two brothers usually ended with an insult or the pair non aggressively wrestling on the ground. Fights between Dean and Cas however, could result in one of them storming out of the room and a round of the no talking game that could last for weeks. Looking back on it, Jack was amazed that they managed to be best friends.
“Fine. Since you’re such a Daddy’s boy, then feel free to stay here and not do shit. I have a demon to catch,” she swiftly turned, her blonde hair flipping with her movement. Jack stood there for a second, contemplating his next move. With a sigh he did a slight jog to catch up with the girl.
Cas rolled his eyes and gave him a short peck on the lips. “I would do more, but you may be unable to control yourself.” He stated bluntly in a way that only Cas could, before turning away and walking back upstairs. Dean sighed, feeling that his time in this world was almost over.
Dean came to Cas’ defense as they had hoped, but he didn’t really seem jealous. Dean was overprotective when it came to people he cared about, so who’s to say it was any different from him saving Jack? In his opinion, all they managed to do was cause a fight between Dean and Cas. Now the pair seemed further from romance than ever.
They slowly inched backwards in the direction of the door. “What about the kid?” Sam asked after taking two small steps.
Dean groaned loudly then collapsed back on the bed throwing a pillow over his head. Jack decided that he needed to act soon and fast. He only had an hour left and he couldn’t let Dean sleep through it. He also couldn’t wake him up without risk of being attacked. He concluded that his best chance was to start with Castiel. He would be more willing to open up to him anyway.
Castiel thought about it for a moment, obviously thinking about what he was going to say. “I suppose the way I feel about Dean is akin to a best friend. He is my most trusted confidant and he certainly knows the real me better than anyone else in the universe. But labeling that relationship with a term as simple as ‘best friend’ doesn’t feel right. Dean and I share a profound bond. Our destinies linked together the moment I raised him from hell. His soul was so pure and bright, yet so damaged. It was beautiful.
He tried not to dwell on what could have been and focused on what would happen next. It was better this way. At least this way was real.
“Look, I’m guessing you’re a hunter right? You have that vibe, with your flannel and ‘I’m not scared of anything’ act,” Dean chuckled, giving him a once over. “And that’s all it is. An act. Cause if you knew who we really were, then you would be too scared to even walk into this bar.”
“It doesn’t have to be ‘drama’ necessarily, just interesting facts about people we know.” Alex explained to him. “I mean you live with the Winchesters right? I’m sure you have plenty of dirt on them and Castiel.”
Jack sighed. Claire had a point, there was nothing bad that could happen from this. Considering they were people that dealt with life or death situations in a daily, this should seem relatively mild in comparison. Safe or not, something about this plan still made Jack feel bad. “Fine, but I still don’t like it,” he relented, brushing off his worry as guilt for going behind their backs.
“No!” Jack insisted. “I’m done. Dean was under a truth spell, which means he wasn’t lying. He’ll never come around. So I am done with the plans, the lying, all of it.”
Dean and Cas try the summoning spell with disappointing results. Dean begins to think that maybe life in the dream world isn't too bad.
“You know who I am. Good,” he let out a sigh of relief. He would really need to improvise his part of the plan if she had no clue who he was.
“Claire? What’s up?” Sam said, sounding surprised. She didn’t blame him, it wasn’t often she called and when she did, Sam usually wasn’t her Winchester of choice. Not that there was anything wrong with Sam, they just weren’t as close.
When he got to the end Dean closed the book and tossed it aside. He shouldn’t be learning about a life that wasn’t his own. It was a stupid idea and it could get him killed. He needed to get out of here and fast. Before it tempted him any further and before dream-Cas comes back.
When he walked into Jack’s room the kid was sitting up in bed with his hands patiently folding together as he waited for Dean’s arrival.
Dean tried one more time to sneak off to the knife drawer while Cas was helping Jack put on his shoes only to find that the drawer was empty. No doubt Cas had done it while Dean was upstairs with Jack. The djinn was on to him and this was his way of keeping Dean trapped here.
“What do you mean? Of course it changes things,” Castiel practically growled. “Now that I’ve told you how I felt, we can be together. You can be happy.”
Dean let out a breath of relief. This at least gave him and Cas some time to come up with a story to tell Sam and the rest of their family.
“You're welcome to try if you want. I wouldn’t worry too much about it, I’m sure it’ll blow over once we finally solve this case.”
“I didn’t leave it on the table. I gave it to Jack.” Suddenly both adults were staring at him waiting for an explanation.
He stayed silent for the first thirty minutes. Trying to get the hang of figuring out what Dean needed. Jack didn’t understand any of the terms Dean was using and was merely guessing what tool it was. Anytime he handed him the wrong tool Dean would grunt, hand it back, and vaguely gestured towards the one he wanted. The beginning was spent in confusion, but once he started memorizing the names it went a lot more smoothly. Once they were in a nice rhythm, Jack decided to ask his question.
Accepting his defeat he headed for the door, but Sam stopped him, “Jack, can I talk to you for a minute?” He nodded, grateful for any excuse to waste more time. “Are you okay? You seem a little off.”
“I’m okay, considering everything. Michael is still banging on the closet door, which is annoying, but at least it’s a reminder that he’s still trapped.” It was the worst headache he’s ever had, but as long as he kept his mind occupied the banging toned down to an incessant tapping.
The drive back to the motel was filled with tense silence, none of them daring to break it. It wasn’t until the car pulled to a stop in front of their motel room that Dean decided to speak up.
“Okay great. Thanks Rowena for nothing,” Dean gave a snarky remark before hanging up. “Dammit! I knew we shouldn’t have gone on this case! I had a gut feeling about it and I ignored it.”
“No Jack, I can’t either. That’s not how it works. Only girls can grow a baby and we’re both boys, so we would get a baby a different way.” The boy pouted in disappointment. Dean was just glad he accepted Cas’ answer any didn’t any more complicated questions. Like; Who’s belly did he grow from? Where was his real mother? Why didn’t everyone have two dads? All questions that the kid would probably ask one day, but hopefully by then Dean would be far away from this universe. Dean decided that he would still attempt to lift the child’s spirits in order to avoid any potential tantrums. Jack didn’t seem like the type, but who knows? When his Jack got over emotional he was known to blast people across the room, which only proved that this kid could be capable of anything.
“You know what I mean. Give me a lecture about how I overreacted and shouldn’t have punched that guy in the face. Your usual Sam crap about how violence is never the answer.”
“Before we go, I have another question,” Jack nodded for her to continue. “If you’re really a powerful nephilim, then how come the Winchesters stick you with me doing the easy work? I mean based on what you said, you’re probably more powerful than Castiel. Why wouldn’t they want to use that?”
“Who’s Castiel?” Patience asked; and Claire nearly rolled her eyes. She constantly forgot how new the psychic was to all of this and she did pity her a little bit. This wasn’t an easy life to get used to, but the girl had made the choice on her own to leave her perfect life for this shithole. Unlike Claire and Alex, who were given absolutely no say in the matter.
“Okay, I’m done,” the girl stood up picking up her jacket. “Look Dean, you seem like a decent guy and you're attractive as hell, but I just wanted to have some fun. All of this-“ she gestured between Dean and Jack, “-seems way too complicated and I rather not get involved.”
Jack paused for a moment. “I guess it’s because they want to protect us. I mean, I am only two years old. There is still so much about the world that I don’t know and that they need to teach me. People keep telling me that I have all these powers, but I barely know what that means and I’m still learning how to use them. I think they’re not ready for me to face the real world and they would rather keep me safe from it because they care about me. Because that’s what family does.”
“Don’t worry Jody we’ll be nice. At least, Patience and I will be,” Alex said, giving Claire a pointed look.
The first thing he noticed when he woke up was that his entire body felt sore and he could hear a steady beating coming from nearby. He opened his eyes and found himself lying on a bed in a hospital. He felt confused. Why was he here and not in some sketchy cellar staring down a djinn? Maybe he had been too late and Sam already rescued him? He could possibly be in a hospital for loss of blood. Son of a bitch, he didn’t realize he was gone that long, A day in dreamland should only be a few hours in real time and djinn usually wanted their prey to last.
Similar to his father, Jack stared into the distance, trying to remain attentive, looking around for the demonic dog. He gazed where the dark sky touched the top of the trees from the forest ahead. He admired how the sky had a hue of light blue indicating the direction where the sun had set hours ago. Jack’s eyes lazily drifted downwards to the green grass under his feet. There were no signs of movement in the dirt besides a rogue ant every now and then. His eyes followed the wayward ant until it crawled underneath a smooth gray rock. The rock caught his attention as he stared at its flat surface and rugged edges.
“But why a truth spell? Wouldn’t it have been easier for her to kill us?” Cas spoke up, moving closer to where Dean was holding the phone.
The boys met Jody and Claire in front of the Harp’s residence. Jack looked out the window and noted the nice appearance of the white suburban house. It was well maintenanced and it looked better than any house in Lebanon or Jody’s neighborhood. Jack noticed that seemed to be a common thread in most cases the Winchester’s worked.
“I told you that lying always ends badly, but you wouldn’t listen,” the nephilim whispered, his vision blurring.
“If you didn’t want to come so badly then you shouldn’t have,” Cas growled, crossing his arms. “Just admit it, you wish you went to Minnesota with Sam.”
It wasn’t until they put Jack to sleep and they were alone in their bedroom, that Dean finally told Cas the idea that came to mind.
Part of her was grateful for the silence, Jack’s story was a lot to take in and she was still trying to absorb it all. Mainly the part about him being the devil’s son. His personality didn’t reflect that at all. If she hadn’t just witnessed him turn a demon into dust then she would have accused him of lying. It wasn’t until he explained that he had been raised by Castiel that his quirks suddenly made sense.
“Yeah, right,” Alex scoffed. “You can barely kill a werewolf yourself, how are you going to kill a demon, let alone, a crossroads demon?”
The next opportunity he had was after a hunt the four of them went to a bar. Jack gave the bartender a nervous smile when he checked the fake ID Dean made him. Everything was going well, Sam and Dean were telling them funny stories from the long road trips they went on with their dad growing up. Until, Dean stood up declaring that he was going to buy them another round and he didn’t come back. Jack didn’t think too much about it at first, but when five minutes turned to fifteen then twenty, it was becoming noticeable.
Jack internally groaned. He already knew this was going to be a challenge. Dean had a naturally flirty personality, it would be impossible to distract him every time. He even flirted with the older lady that worked at the post office and Jack was pretty certain he didn’t want to sleep with her. How would he be able to differentiate between when he was being friendly and when he actually saw the person as a potential partner?
Then, there was his personality. His cheerful childlike exterior was beginning to get on her nerves. She was still trying to figure out whether it was all fake or if that was just the way he acted; she didn’t know which was worse. How Dean put up with it on a daily basis was beyond her. She was beginning to think she should’ve just left him at Jody’s.
“It wasn’t that hard,” Claire shrugged. “Most hunters are broke, so I offered to pay him. They’ll do practically anything for a quick buck. Besides, Castiel is good looking so it’s not like this will be torture for him.”
“I'm not sure Jack,” Castiel sighed. The boy kept quiet hoping that he would keep going. “A long time ago I used to know: sometimes I would dreamwalk into his mind. Most of the time it was to relay a message whenever I couldn’t reach him, but a few times I did it out of curiosity. His bad dreams were usually about his experience in hell or losing people he cares about. I didn’t like those dreams. If I saw that I would usually wake him up, not entirely, but at least enough to knock him out of REM state.
"I think we've just had another of your brilliant ideas," Dean said to the self that was partially the Mongolian general he'd encountered brieﬂy with Cas, and partially the modern-day leader of the apocalypse that he was trying to become.
Cas was surprised and relieved to feel Dean cooing in his arms, trying to get closer, closer, the way he did the ﬁrst time they bonded. This was the Winchester man he remembered—opinionated even in bed, willful, creative. That tender-strong creature he had once thought was a soul, but Cas now knew to be speciﬁcally Dean.
"This is the second part, Cas. Look at me." The angel was wearing another big Russian, this one dark-haired, and the angelic eyes stared at him through the light green irises. "You hold on awfully tight. Hey, I'm not saying don't hold on."
Balthazar responded with a grin to Dean's nod of thanks. Sam was dragged out by a surprisingly solid Bobby.
Castiel nervously scanned his partner's face for evidence that he had overheard all the rest of his thoughts while they were together, but Dean simply looked irresistible. Cas kissed him for a long while before remembering the question.
Dean never told him much about himself—he did say that his mother was dead, and that his dad had him and his brother on some sort of mission across the country, but that combined with the fact that both their dads were ex-Marine must have made Davin not want to know any more.
"Lead us to a world where all can live without conﬂict," they said together with what they later agreed was a distinct chill. They'd started saying and doing things in unison a lot.
Dean had been trying to ﬁll his own angel-shaped hole left after Cas was taken away so abruptly. What would it have been like for them if they could have felt their bond develop gradually, with no separations or spells or outside pressures? They might be like the Ten: two fully realized beings working in concert for the greater good. But nothing had ever been a straight path for Dean, not even when he was exclusively straight.
Dean smiled happily while everyone laughed, and then he said seriously, "Balthazar and I have talked this thing to death. Our contingencies have contingency plans.
"At least you can still have this." His uncle clanked his whiskey class with the younger man's, which was mostly orange juice.
"We don't plan on traveling in one vessel," Castiel said. "Dean has some sort of plan that he is masking from me somehow."
It didn't matter that his Spanish-Gypsy father, who had died when he was 11, was the most tranquil person Etienne had ever known, and not at all the sort to truck with evil spirits. No one ever said that demons had to be particularly well-informed. The barbs struck out and searched for any sensitive region.
"Tiny, you don't have to try and make me feel better about being fucked up." Dean had a hard time saying 'Etienne,' and the nickname had arisen out of the other man's slender frame. Now Balthazar was calling his partner that as well.
But it mattered to Dean that surroundings that were usually scoured clean of anything personal, there were some things that he could cling to as his own.
"One book with some blank pages, and the rest in some language I've never seen before," Dean said, closing the book and setting it back on the table.
Due to global warming, the male kind of rain had been getting all the fanfare, causing heavy rains and monsoons much more than usual. Rather than blaming it on humans' dependence on fossil fuels, Mrs. Rain blamed it on Mr. Rain.
"Our myths, and indeed most native myths, have so much change in them, much more than any tradition I've heard of.
It was easier for Dean's brain to think about his driver's license at that moment than to process what this photographer had surmised about the meaning of the halo. For some reason, Dean's virtues seemed stuck in cheerful mode.
She had him inside the door and before he knew it his hostess had some unassuming beer opened for him and was rummaging in the fridge for the makings of a sandwich. "You like ham?" she asked.
"You wish to negotiate a weapons loan?" Remiel sniffed. "There's no way the demons would believe you intend to give Dean back. And the price would be exorbitant."
"You're not as smooth as you make yourself out to be," Gabrielle said suddenly as they sat cross-legged on her studio ﬂoor, drinking the wine he'd selected on their way in.
Dean and Sam were getting ready to speak before another group of hunters. Since they started building the bunker at Bobby's, the rest of the world was having to come to them. Dean was drinking a protein drink while Sam looked through the agenda, when Dean doubled over.
It was difficult at first to get Cas to relax enough to do things he felt to be undignified, and Dean took no pleasure in his lover’s discomfort. He searched for ways to gently shake up the angel so they could reach the new world together.
"The book you conﬁscated from your friend in case you ever got enough courage to use it yourself?' Grace shook its head. "Oh yes, I'm rather a good study with angel psychology."
"And who's to say this one won't shrink from me like the last two?" Rafael thundered. "I can't imagine how you managed to trap and fondle a soul long enough to accomplish this monstrosity when they are so slippery. Not I nor any of my designates have managed it."
The natural affectionate gestures between the couple seared Dean with an unexpected sense of loss. When he hid behind his virtues, though, he felt Cas' hurt at being cut off. Being in a relationship was hard work, and he still had so little experience.
”and the human half gets eternity with the creepy-crawlies and other none-of-the-aboves that hang out there in Purgatory. Apparently they've got several warring overlords down there, because it's like hell without the rules, but they all agree they can't wait to see you."
"Are you going to be the smart brother now, too, in addition to the sexually ambiguous one?" Sam complained.
Up until that moment, Dean had been grateful for Cas' presence, but now he thought to his companion, "Do you ever think that we got together just so that the Ten could become what they are? They're pretty awesome—like a Congress that actually does stuff."
“You’re right!” Dean exclaimed like he just remembered. “We’ve been here a couple of times years ago.”  Jack pulled out his phone and sent out a text to Claire, since this was probably the most in advanced notice he could possibly give. She responded thanking him and telling him that she'll have her guy on standby.
After that he decided that he was not going to find a way to leave the dream while he was surrounded by his entire family. He was going to have to wait until the night when everyone would be asleep. This Cas was human, which meant he would need rest and that will be the perfect opportunity to slip out of the house.
“No we wouldn’t,” Sam gave him a little smile. “Look, I know Dean seemed pretty excited about coming here tonight, but we don’t have to stay if you don’t want to. If you’re tired or feeling strung out after the hunt, Dean will understand if you don’t want to stay. Just say the word and we’ll take you back to the motel.”
Claire stared at him for a moment, trying to decide whether to believe him or not. Part of her believed him. He did save her life after all and he could easily just kill her right now if he wanted to. Claire knew nothing about nephilim and was basically defenseless against him. There was nothing stopping him from leaving right now, so why would he comply and answer her questions? The hunter part of her wanted to stay on guard until she was certain. “Does Sam and Dean know about..?” she gestured all around his body. She knew she trusted the Winchester’s judgement, if they knew Jack was a nephilim and deemed him safe, then they were probably right. However, if Jack had been keeping this alternate persona a secret then he was probably hiding more.
“I think he was just mad that you embarrassed him. I guess he saw me and thought he could get payback,” Jack lied easily. He’d already been prepared to be asked that question.
“No, it wouldn’t.” Dean said honestly. “But, I can’t. This life is dangerous and my family needs me. I can’t just abandon them like that.”
“Also, I’ve been inside of Castiel’s head,” Claire tapped her forehead with her pointer finger. “He definitely has the hots for Dean. I swear half of his thoughts were repeating Dean’s name on overdrive. I mean he literally gave up heaven to be with Dean.”
Taking that as all the validation he needed he continued to smirk as he raised his hand towards the demon. “You shouldn’t have done that,” he said darkly as he released a burst of power from his hand.
“I know you’re done with lying and all that,” Claire rolled her eyes. If Jack was planning on being a hunter then he was going to have to get used to lying at some point. “But I have a plan that doesn’t involve lying or going behind anyone’s back.”
“I doubt she has any type of standard,” the witch snapped. “Of course that’s not the reason. Jack looks like an adult, only those that know him know his true age. As for your MO, you’re hunters who have been investigating the death of someone she murdered. What more reason does she need?” Rowena spoke slowly as if she believed it would be difficult for them to understand otherwise.
Happy Thanksgiving! I hope everyone is having a nice day! We are about to enter the drama portion of our story... Just a heads up, I wrote the bulk of this chapter after watching 15 x 18, so I was feeling a little angsty lol.
“Fine. As long as we’re back before they are,” Jack gave in with a sigh. Claire gave him an excited grin before turning towards the door. She was thrilled at the idea of leaving this house for the first time in days.  She almost made it to the fresh outdoors, when something Jack said made her stop in her steps.
He made his way back into the war room knowing that Sam would get worried if he was gone for too long. He was thankful to find that most of the apocalypse world hunters had begun to clear out. He saw Jack walking in the direction of his bedroom with a moody look on his face.
“Wait, so your whole Bambi, chocolate milk, ‘we’re hunting buddies’ thing isn’t just an act?” Oddly enough, it did help explain a lot of Jack’s quirks. Him being younger than he appeared explained his lack of social skills, lack of rebellion, lack of references.
“It’s not them I’m worried about. If you piss them off they could seriously injure this guy. He doesn’t even know what he’s getting into.”
Overall, Dean had a great time just being with his family in one room. He felt disappointment when Cas reminded him that it was nearly Jack’s bedtime which meant they had to head home. It only reminded him that his time here was almost over and he would soon have to return to reality. Cruel, harsh, depressing reality.
Thankfully, the doctor told him that he was ready to go home. He still had a raging headache and his body was definitely bruised all over, but besides that he escaped the accident with no major injuries. He was also relieved to find out that Sam and his mom came in a car separate from Cas. He didn’t think he could handle being questioned by either of them. Unfortunately, he wasn’t into the clear yet. Cas reminded him that they still had to go back to Sam’s house to pick up Jack.
Once they finished their pizza, the girls began talking over the movie. Only turning their attention back to it when they quoted a line. They started sharing information about other people. Some names he was familiar with and others he wasn’t.
“Because it can be. We need you Dean. I need you.” Then he captured Dean’s lips with his. It didn’t last very long, but it still took him by surprise. Just as he expected, kissing real Cas was different than the dream. Despite the stiffness and hesitation behind it, Dean was positive he would take this over the dream any day. This felt real and raw and natural.
Dean shrugged. “We’ve brought them along for less and it’s not like they have anything better to do. Besides, Cas wanted to visit Claire and I think it’s time for Jack to meet Jody and the girls.” Jack always found it odd when Sam and Dean would talk about him as if he couldn’t hear what they were saying. He guessed that it was because Castiel and him never talked too much during these trips. Conversations were usually led by Sam or Dean.
“I’m not? But you said I was,” Jack tried to sound hurt. He kind of was. Just last week Dean told the diner lady that he was his son and now he was denying it. He decided that Dean was “thinking with his downstairs brain” as Sam would say.
“Yes!” she threw her hands up in annoyance. “You were supposed to bring about the rise of hell, but no. The Winchesters got to you first. Now they’ve ruined you like they ruin everything else and Hell has no leader.”
“At first, I thought maybe he was homophobic and he didn’t like seeing his son with another man. He seemed like an old-fashioned type, maybe he didn’t take you seriously when you said you were bi? Then, I realized that wasn’t it. He was never openly harsh it you, his dislike seemed to be 100% directed at me. Looking back on it, I realized that it wasn’t that he didn’t care at all, it was that he cared too much. I think that he believed that no one would ever be good enough for his son and whatever high standards he had I didn’t amount to any of them.
“I wish I could just touch where it hurts and then it will feel better.” Jack gently touched the bandage on Dean’s head. It reminded Dean of a time when Jack really did have that ability and how he was still getting used to not having it. “Daddy? Why did you get hit by the car? Uncle Sam kept asking Auntie Jess when he thought I was asleep.”
“And unless you wanted to kiss more, I think you have a four-year-old waiting for you.” Cas added with another smirk.
“I told the girls to be nice. I’m not worried about Patience and Alex, although Alex can be snarky, the warning was mainly for Claire.” Jody sighed just thinking back on their conversation earlier. “Also, I apologize for Claire’s attitude. She really has been getting better. I think she’s just really frustrated with this case. Typical hunter’s guilt, she just feels like she’s not doing enough.”
“Yeah, but it will slow you down,” she pointed out. “Now, answer the question,” she demanded, tightening her hold on her gun.
“He made me feel uncomfortable and I knew that he wanted to hurt me, but I wasn’t scared,” Jack answered honestly. “I knew that I could overpower him and that I was strong enough to kill him on my own. He wanted to take me, but even if I didn’t have powers, I know that you, Dean, and Cas would never let that happen.”
Dean made a face. “Not exactly. This is hard work and you’re still only three. But I will let you do what I did for my Dad at three. Actually I was six, but I think you can handle it.” He dragged a stool next to the car and gestured for Jack to sit. “I sat still and handed my Dad whatever he needed.” He shoved his tool box in his lap and went back to working on the car. Jack didn’t mind that he gave him an easy job, he was happy to help out in any way he could. It also warmed his heart to hear that Dean was letting him do a task he usually did for his father.
"I told you I would never travel with you like that!" Sam was irate. "Don't just scoop me up without warning!"
"Hello, ma'am, I'm Dean. I hope this is an all-terrain chair of yours because I want to go all around as far as I can on your land," Dean said doubtfully, surveying the woman's fragile state of health and evident near-blindness.
Balthazar sighed. "Even if he's heard Etienne's lovely Enochian message blasting through the ether, Dean's not in a place to really get it. At this point, I'm not sure if he would be receptive to anything you have to say, Cas."
"I, too, am having a hard time understanding that Dean has changed in some ways," Cas said quietly. "As a wise person once suggested, let's look for the man he is and not the man he was."
Just as the two men began to tire, the much better trained brothers sprinted to where the sheriff waved a ﬂag over them. "Congratulations, boys, you just created a new living version of a myth."
"Trust me, you don't want to be the one who had to meet his perfect double. But that guy helped me out, Sam, if for no other reason than he made me aware that I was making choices without being aware of it."
"You've got the rugged thing down," Barry observed, walking into a nondescript warehouse building near the water.
"Yes, I suppose he technically said that. But if Hell was able to create this plague, it would hardly leave a method for creating new souls in our laps, for us to reap the proﬁts."
At ﬁrst he had to convince Sam to try and learn something from the dark practitioners, but pretty quickly the younger brother lost all fear because he so much wanted to keep his greatest fear from becoming true.
"No, I kept waiting for him to give me a lecture about wasting money and time while there were demons to be fought, but I had time to go in the water and eat cotton candy and impress girls at those dumb shooting galleries and other carnival games. Compared to the other guys my hunter training made me look like a god for a little while. After a few days, Dad sat me down and said he was proud of me for my organizational ability in pulling this scam off, and if I ever used it against him again he'd make me pay."
"Yes and no," the woman said as they came to a rather deep hill and Dean took over pushing her chair.
It expressed more clearly than words the nascent human perspective of the lover whose angel-self Dean was coming to understand better every day.
Bobby was pacing on the pillowy nothingness underneath the rug and shooting furious glances at Castiel.
Their sorrow over Cas was not much better shared, so the angel asked brightly, "Ready for another walloping in swordplay?"
"Later," Dean mouthed in front of the blind storyteller to Darla with a grimace. At least Sam had a rollicking argument to look forward to.
He watched the process enough times to really understand how an addict works. The demon razed his mind to a smooth surface, but it didn't last. Everything he was hiding from, which was basically everything he'd done to Cas, gradually grew back until it scraped him raw.
For the next two weeks, Etienne struggled to keep up with his muscled and regimented teacher. He refused to run, so they bought short-term memberships to a gym so he could swim and Dean could use the machines.
“That wasn’t so bad, was it?” Dean asked one night, wiping off a smudge of paint from Cas’s cheek. He got the idea that they should have actual walls and furniture in their interdimensional room.
"Thanks for the drink, bud, but I've got this exclusive thing going and it can't wait. Hope you ﬁnd someone, too, man."
The two teams—Sallie and Jeb, Boris and Piotr, was how they usually divided up—took turns manning the phones and bringing in a little money while the other team was on the road. The two Russians were translators, and the two Americans were consultants for the forest service, most of the time.
Someone offered him a bowl with what he knew to be a mild calmative, but Sam refused it. He wanted to be awake while this alien presence entered him.
"That's good enough. All the rest of you, it's your job to get the message out to as many channels as possible so that it inevitably reaches Dean's ears,” Etienne said.
"This is Neal, he never goes away because he isn't here," Dean said proudly, gesturing into the empty chamber without turning around. He wasn't that interested in whoever it was, and they would soon leave.
"Hello there," Sam said to the patient in that disarming way he had. "I'm Mr. Johnson, and you are-?"
"You're the picture of loveliness, my sweet," Valac said with unusual directness. "And I want to show you off just as you are. Unfortunately, protocol requires dressing you, so put these on."
The hunter had enough dexterity to pull on his pants, gathered up the rest of his clothes and lurched down the stairs to the street. He put on everything else while taking deep breaths of the reassuring night air.
Sam had to admit that the tribal elders they dealt with responded well to Dean's plus-one situation, and his brother helped negotiate some terms for loaning out spirits from tribes willing to do so.
Making full use of his angelic perspective, Castiel tried to think of the man he was aware was driving through Kentucky at that moment as something cuddlier than a broken warrior with a foul mouth. He attained the vision, but it soon sprouted claws.
Dean snorted, and the last year of weirdness fell away. "I've lived more mythology from all over the world than you ever read in some book," he said, getting up and going to his bookcase. Rather than ﬁght over who got Dad's notes, Sam had them digitized and reprinted in hard copy, with the real ones put in a safety deposit box.
"Word association: the sexual experience you had with the partner you were most compatible with," Barry asked.
She laughed a warm laugh. "Well, I don't see why not, young man. I've reached the point in life where being stood up by a gentleman makes one's thoughts immediately alternate between him having broken hip and the onset of dementia. I'd rather chase away my catastrophic ideas about my friend with some good company." She stretched out her hand. "I'm Paulette,"
"Dad had me memorize some of the basic stuff about all the tribes across the country. He said it was was a good starting place for knowing the local spirits." Dean dug at a sensitive spot. "You must have been studying something more important." His brother didn't rise to the bait.
Valac brought the mirror over to show how long his hair had gotten, to let him see what he looked like in the latest chiffon and feather outﬁt that seemed to be the Hell-equivalent of kinky lingerie. All Dean could do was to stare stupidly at the face he was told was his. But he didn't recognize anything. Beyond the red hair that hung to his shoulders, the empty blue eyes, the thin features and the makeup Valac was experimenting with, he couldn't believe that this person who looked like a drag queen junkie was the one who had once been destined for a starring role in the Apocalypse.
"I've given Winchester the very best treatment since he's been here," the demon said with a note of sincerity that did not go unnoticed. "So what are you offering for his safe return?"
Maybe he was getting more attuned to angels in general, because a ﬂash of understanding between him and Balthazar made him sure he was right.
"Bring in the prisoner!" Rafael called, and shortly a vulnerable-looking angel with a knob where his soul would soon be was dragged into the room.
Despite himself, his beaten mind would inevitably pick itself up and begin to wander at the pace of a crawl.
Of course, he couldn't tell people the literal truth: "I fell in love with my double's boyfriend and sleepwalked through the apocalypse I was born to ﬁght. The angel I was bonded to won't talk to me and regardless, I screwed things up so bad between us we're like strangers to each other. The inhabiting spirit was so mad at what a sniveling fool he had to drag around that he, the greatest ﬁghter in history, Genghis Khan, barely muttered a goodbye before leaving me with the only thing that rubbed off from him-his hair and eye color.
The Big Bang in reverse: they were going to leave people here until they fused and re-fused until there was only one really mixed-up body and soul left. And then they'd study that bastard to their heart's content.
"That was an error on our part, certainly," Cas said with that irritating understatement he was prone to. "I don't really think that they are going to start prosecuting people for spiritual dryness, but they are trying to make an example of your brother."
But they couldn't deny—the two were doing remarkable things, shifting the upper and lower worlds' focus from human pawns to each other, as perhaps it always should have been.
Together, the couple laced up their skates, Cas bringing out his most studious expression. “Is this how it is done, Dean?” he had time to ask before they fell heavily. The impact knocked the breath of them both and they were half-gasping, half-laughing—
He dropped the demon right where he was, surveying with some satisfaction that the throttling would leave a nice scar.
Sam had talked to the teenagers who were more surprised than anyone that their rudimentary spell had even worked, much less that it wouldn't stop working.
The photos Barry was showing him on his phone were really good--he wasn't kidding about being a professional.
The spirit had Dean chasing skirts again (though carefully not catching any), taking the odd sip of whiskey (the spirit liked the smell of peach schnapps a lot), but the meat issue caused an all-out ﬁght between the warriors, living and dead.
A crackhead came up to Dean at that point, not sure whether to be concerned or check him for loose change, this guy in runner's gear who was leaning up against an empty building and sobbing. And laughing. Laughing because of the image his love put into his mind.
They were so occupied, in fact, that Etienne thought he might have snapped Dean out of his search for negation. But it was the Spaniard who said one day in the middle of ﬁghting with blunted knives, "Hmm, I wonder how all the Limbo dwellers are doing without our little get-togethers."
After Las Vegas, something had always been wrong between him and Dean. Cas painfully registered this feeling, which made his soul reach out more desperately to Dean's. Now that he had a soul and they were more alike than ever, shouldn't they be moving closer rather than farther away?
Josie Slick stood there looking at the shadow the boys had just beamed themselves out of. Then she looked at the sky for a long time and then went back to close up the community center.
The demon led Balthazar to Limbo, which appeared like a cloud of swirling dust before his eyes. "Here he is."
"My—" Dean's brain was paralyzed for a moment and then he remembered that this was the angel who was bonded to his counterpart in the other dimension.
"I believe they call this Turkey these days," Cas thought to Dean excitedly. "I've been wanting to show you where it all began."
The waitress appeared and poured three glasses of wine. Balthazar got up to whisper in her ear and the door was closed, whereupon the angel threw up a privacy sigil.
It was very confusing, and not entirely unprecedented. What he was discovering he could do by putting the radio between stations, and what he heard while are walking on a clear night, was pick up glimpses of voices that sounded like nothing but static to his brother.
"Actually, I've not been told all the particulars, but it is a secret mission. Only the few of us assigned will know about it.” Cas paused and the continued unwillingly, “During this time, I will not be able to be in contact with you."
"As you know, there is no gender among angels" one had said. "We think less in those terms than in the vessel-marking and other angelic measures of proximity."
Just being dangled over the chasm of loneliness that opened up without his lover had him crawling back within two days. Cas' cold look at Dean begging at his feet corrected that posture in a jiffy, too.
"The Holy Spirit Tabernacle is nondenominational. Her husband is a genuinely nice man, though not very worldly. It's the wife whose organizational talent helped build that parish into the biggest one in town, though he is a truly inspirational preacher."
"No thanks," Dean shuddered at the memory of their ﬁrst attempt to co-eat. Castiel simply wouldn't chew the way he would, and it made him feel like he was drowning. "Maybe something that doesn't require chewing."
"Don't worry, man, I've been an emotional wreck my whole life and it's never hurt me none. But I should be getting back."
He wished he was the one with the technical know-how so he could avoid the squirming mass of contagious ﬂower children.
"If you didn't frighten the spirit out of me, Romeo, we might be able to do each other a world of good."
"No, I regret looking at the whole thing the way I did today! I regret all this!" Dean paced around restlessly and then wheeled on the angel. "Are you trying to turn me gay, or something? That's all I need--another divine plan nobody asked me about."
They took note of the ones who went in and out of the club and tried to measure the vibrations of their virtues with a mechanism supplied by the Arcane Matters department. If this tool was right, the angels were rebounding slowly from the music and whatever else the club was doing to them.
"Are you sure you're ready, Dean?,” he asked. “You've been very ill, and you're the only one of us who has a demonstrated weakness for that infernal music."
Dean was shoved sharply from the left and some well-meaning soul tried to grab him before he fell over. When his shirt ripped the and the ﬁngers grazed the skin of his back, Dean's heart sank.
"Actually, dancing is more catching, like a cold," Balthazar said to Dean, reﬁlling his glass. "My beloved is a marvelous dancer in more styles than you've ever heard of. Cas can't help but look good alongside him. I'm convinced that Etienne learned his angelic ﬂying skills so quickly because he was already comfortable ﬂoating above ground."
So as not to appear rude, Sam ﬁlled in the silence. "We spend a good bit of time on the road ourselves; it is a great place to think."
Cas and the others had gotten to know each other quite well in their imprisonment. With scarcely a ﬂicker of recognition, the six transmitted their resolve to stop all communication with their respective mates. If Heaven had not isolated their frequency yet, they would have no new data to help them do so.
"Something like that," Dean murmured and slipped off to sleep with his arms wrapped around his own body.
He wondered with sorrow whether he and Sam got along so well now, not because they were working to save the world, but because he had ﬁnally learned how to keep things from his brother.
It caused him an agony he had no words for, to see Dean fading away. This precious creature was no longer ﬁghting back against either the whip or its absence. He was just giving up.
Angels have these different regions or organs, that corresponded to virtues. Truth, justice, valor, beauty, etc. Because there was so much to them and so little to humans, they had to choose which "ﬁngers" to use Balthazar's analogy, to put in the few available spaces in a human-shaped glove.
When a message occasionally came through Dean's connection with Cas, Sam saw the relief mixed with all the other emotions his brother worked so hard to ignore.
Sam sank down on a bench. "I knew they were upset with him for refusing to be Michael's vessel, but why would they actually want my brother dead? You people really do things like this?"
"No it wouldn't," Crowley said thoughtfully. "Unless it would. You're not playing the market, are you fellows?"
"No, not at all. We've had some ODs, alcohol poisonings, a few ﬁghts, but for the most part the Mountain Song festival has \been nothing but good for this area. These are afﬂuent kids who like to spend a week in the mud eating beans out of a can and pretending to be hobos. You know the type."
They also spent a lot of time talking about Hell. And fate and shitty lives and a gut-level distrust of Heaven, but mostly Hell.
Dean wasn't sure if "deserve" was even part of the equation. Sure, Valac spouted a lot of demeaning crap about him deserving this and not deserving that, but Dean was smart enough to know that if there was some bigger picture he was being measured up against, some random demon wouldn't be doing the measuring.
Dean was going to ignore these comments as much as possible. He couldn't fault Sam for being scared that his big brother, his rock, had shifted somehow.
"So that's my next point. There are people out there who really know the deal about spellcraft. They make night school occultists like Bobby look like nothing, no offense to him."
“After all this is over, if we live, I promise, you can take a vacation, I'll drive you to the nearest psych ward, whatever you want. You've gotten through worse, Dean, and if Cas can give you one of those angelic booster shots that will get you through the next few weeks, then at this point, I'm all for it."
“No,” the angel said. “Heaven is very—structured. That was something else—” they appeared to search for the word. “Was that freedom?”
"I brought it on myself," Dean muttered. "Your guy didn't go to Hell on purpose. And you two led the third front of the apocalypse together. You were awesome."
"When you put it like that –" The sob was out of his throat at roughly the same time as the arms closed around him with a burst of light.
Dean looked at what would have been contentment to him months ago and felt contempt for his old self. Now he knew love. Brieﬂy, but he knew it.
"So that's what this is about. They think he's damaged goods after they had him dragged out. What did they expect? He drinks too much. The fate of the world is at least partially on his shoulders. He's not himself. So they want to smite him for it?"
"Are you going to crown me king of the world next to keep from actually having to have a conversation with me?" his uncle shot out in an unusually harsh tone. "Dammit, Dean, you can't avoid talking about Cas forever."
“You're supposed to trade them with other people, memorize the players' statistics, stuff like that. Only Dad was a single-minded son of a bitch, so he couldn't resist turning it into a learning opportunity about the supernatural world."
Dean’s heart was thudding in the blackness. Please, Cas, don't make me be alone here anymore. Don't make me try to keep this space ﬁlled when anything I put in it always runs out eventually.
“I wish you’d told me that when I first became leader of Heaven,” Remiel said, suddenly joining their group. “It would have saved me some very dull moments in meetings. Right now, I’m listening to someone give a report of the stock in the munitions closet.”
"What do you mean, too late? You didn't send him to Purgatory, did you? Their record-keeping is terrible over there; it may be impossible to locate him."
"Don't forget Balthazar the master manipulator playing both sides," Sam reminded him. "This is like Christmas! I haven't felt this kind of anticipation since we were kids! Do you think they'll react right away?"
"Hey Red," the waiter said, using the Mongolian word for redhead that the small community chose for his nickname. He placed his steaming bowl on the table. "Did you hear the one about the camel?"
Of course Miss Harriet would have given her verdict on the visiting hunter to everyone, and Dean knew it would be good, so Josie and the rest of the community let him alone.
Dean ﬁnally started to laugh. "I think it's a great idea, and I'm your ideal teacher, but you actually think that outﬁt is going to do anything but make your adversary—human, demon, monster or angel—die laughing?"
"Er, Dean," Cas said when the ex-hunter had his hand on the door. "We're not prudish here in Heaven these days, but you might feel more comfortable in clothes."
"Come now, I don't think you're the sort to care about status," the older woman laughed. "I could tell as soon as I saw your wallet." Dean raised his eyebrow. "It's a hunk of old leather that's been worn into a second skin and you'd never part with it. Was it your father's?"
Their partners came back bearing glasses of chilled gazpacho, exactly the sort of liquid nutrition their bodies preferred. "Try this, Cas, it's amazing."
He saw his brother grimace. “And what would you have done, honestly, if I'd said, 'Hey, brother, I was all over Cas a few minutes ago, and I liked it'?"
Billy and Freddie had probably less knowledge of Navajo spirits than Dean, so they weren't much help.
Castiel smiled. "It's just as we have noticed in humans many times. Weakness contains much strength, and love is both. Besides, I must send strength to Dean. He has borne his changes bravely."
All of the angels had some responsibility in Heaven, but Etienne and Dean were the only two Nephilim who refused to take a place in the celestial bureaucracy. As two of the key players in the New Era, they hoped they could retire indeﬁnitely, the older man to make up for his many years of suffering, and Dean to avoid screwing anything else up.
"Nah, man, I never was very smart, and I know less than ever as the years go on," Dean said, and it didn't feel like a terrible fate at the moment.
"When you think of your father you worry about what he would think of our situation," Cas said gently.
Resident bad ass, doesn't want his territory challenged, Dean surmised as he and the would-be badass stared each other down with the kid's curtain of long stringy blond hair in between. It struck Dean as vaguely odd that even the teacher was just sitting back and watching the showdown.
When he was dating women Dean had been up for anything, and now that he'd expanded his horizons to men, he didn't know enough to be sure where to draw the line between the new world he was still discovering and what was off the map.
"Role-playing isn't supposed to be real work," Dean complained for the hundredth time. He had always hated almost all reading, and this Proust guy Tiny picked out was so horribly boring that getting through one page was torture.
The only thing that was important was that Cas just needed to feel. They were walking in the door from having an evening together, and Cas threw Dean on the bed. No, it would be better if Dean threw him, no—
"Did you want to bleach your hair with Miss Clairol? We needed something that would show up." Sam was getting way too much enjoyment out of this. "At least now maybe the girls won't think you're square."
But somewhere along the line, vessel, possession and a sort of sexual assault got all mixed up in Sam's mind, and he was terriﬁed at being inﬁltrated by this stranger.
"And what, pray tell, has Winchester been doing to so generously improve our portfolio?" he asked softly.
A seventeen-year-old boy had gone on a violent rampage, beating up some strangers at multiple sites around town before he was caught pummeling his best friend, sixteen-year-old Eddie Prewitt, almost to death. They'd kept him a few nights in county lockup before the community's call for swift justice had to be postponed by the recognition that the kid was off his rocker.
"This is not as good, but it's pretty darn good," Dean thought to Cas as they undressed each other slowly.
Even though he'd never been to this part of the Carolinas, Dean could recognize "his bar" wherever he was, in any town in America.
Sam listened to his brother relate this myth to their theoretical monster hunt. While he was surprised at Dean’s folklore knowledge, what was most important to Sam was that they could take their minds off the never-ending stress of their lives. It was good for his brother, besides.
Darla had been one of the people ready to whip the twins with switches if they didn't win the race, as one version of the story goes, and she seemed put out that she didn't get a chance to use the twig in her hand.
It was so different being downstairs this time! Now that he'd chosen it. Now that he understood that someone was sculpting his emotions, his loss, into something just for him. It was all a lesson, an enjoyment once he could crack the code and see it that way.
Remiel did a good pantomime of reluctance and ﬁnally shooed Castiel out the door with his agreement to parlay with Hell. He hated making concessions so early in the new order, but the longtime diplomat recognized a good strategy when he saw one.
He was finding that there was a lot of his old lover in this new friend—both totally well-educated, multi-lingual, and they didn't mind explaining all the things Dean missed by not going to school. Dean liked just following him around and letting him talk the right language, order the food they could eat, choose the wine, explain the plays he dragged him to, show him the different strains of history that made up the present.
"I know," he said from where he was curled as small as he could in the borrowed arms. Dean was more afraid of himself not being ﬁne, and that made him feel even worse.
"Everything's gone to shit for real," Dean warned as he melted into the profusion of wings. Without a vessel in the way it felt like he was plunging straight into that nuclear reactor that had such a nice effect on him.
The rule was, everything at Bobby's Thanksgiving dinner had some form of alcohol in it. Sam and Dean had caught Bobby doctoring every single one of his dishes with a little extra kick. The only thing they couldn't ﬁgure out was the mashed potatoes, but both of them had experienced eating leftover potatoes and getting a buzz off them. The cranberry sauce slid down easy—a requirement when the two were sharing one vessel—and delivered a nice soothing shot of vodka and triple sec all the way down.
"Oh god oh god," he sobbed. He had a ﬁstful of Cas' hair and was wrapped around his body like a monkey.
"You coming now, or do you need to send a message to your uncle?" Josie asked. "I don't want any cell messages or angel transmissions while you're on our land."
"You and Dean played just as crucial a role," Balthazar said in exasperation. "And who knows what would have happened if you didn't shut yourself away in a huff when Dean stormed Heaven as prophesied."
This day the Spaniard enumerated all of the reasons why Dean should be ashamed of lolling about all day as the kept creature belonging to someone who actually did things.
Remiel dispatched a tersely worded memo to the Arcane Matters ofﬁce and saw it returned with Grace's stamp of approval in no time at all.
"That was not an X-rated message, and even if it was, it was none of your business!" Dean stormed off, but the mood in the house was upbeat compared to the tense conspiring of the last several months.
"How gangster of you, Balthazar. I assume this was your choice of venue. Remy here always chooses a barren steppe somewhere and I come away with sand in my teeth."
"Balthazar has been a real good friend to all of us. If they recall him, we're going to be in trouble, Dean," their uncle said.
At that moment, something came together in the angel’s mind. For someone as old as he, it was embarrassingly simple. Yet the concept was completely new to him—nothing in Heaven could have prepared him for this new capacity:
"You have no idea," Dean replied. "I hate to break it to you sister, but that must have been some good shit you were smoking last night, 'cause Janis has been dead since 1970."
If they had to pick up the detritus of their souls with a dustpan and scatter the molecules to the far corners of the universe, he would at least be held aloft in the wind for one last flight next to his beloved.
Dean realized guiltily that his own problem was solved. His archangel problem at least. How would he explain that?
This was a longer speech than Sam had expected. "So you think our situation is better, where people are constantly telling us how we were born to be these vessels and play this predestined role? We hate that. We complain about this fate business all the time."
"All we can do is act prudently, dear brother," Balthazar said. "We can't have Heaven reduced to a bunch of babbling idiots at a time like this."
"Dean, I know Soren wasn't responsible for his actions, but we can't run our own witness protection program. And he's 17. We shouldn't be taking him anywhere."
The energy coming from the angel hit him all at once like someone poured a bucket of bad on his head.
The bottle was passed around in silence by all the people who most cared about Dean who were congregated in Cas' interdimensional room.
“As the second phase gets closer I will tell you more, but ﬁrst you must master all of the changes and new sensations so that they are not used against you. There will be more torture and deﬁnitely more tests, so steel your will, brother."
"Mind if I join you?" he asked the woman in her early sixties, with a patterned scarf knotted at her neck and discreet jewelry, the sort of thing that denoted real class as he was beginning to discover it in the more moneyed circles in which he occasionally traveled nowadays.
“All I know is, we have a job to do, and Cas and Balthazar would want us to do it. I'm sure that's what they're doing and something's preventing them from saying so."
He chuckled. “These academics can't keep anything to themselves. They would have published some erudite paper and sent it to our department to gloat."
Here Zachariah did a little earnest-clumsy-smoldering mime of Castiel, and Dean realized that it wasn't just that his friend wore his human vessel badly-he was a kind of joke in heaven, too. He felt a stab of sympathy, and then returned to Zachariah’s taunts.
To escape from the sadness that gripped them both at that thought, Cas conveyed them to Balthazar's and Etienne's room.
He pulled up to the parking space in front of the room he'd rented with Sam what felt like a lifetime ago. Just as he was nearing the door, Sam stepped out.
The angel picked up the woman's phone where she had left it on the bedside table. He texted a series of letters to a number and then set the phone back down with a grin.
The area could use the rain, and some people were trying to catch it in barrels. A few enterprising guys were working as hard as they could to create irrigation ditches, pipes, and other makeshift constructions to spare the houses in the vicinity, and if possible, not waste water.
"Even a Jekyll and Hyde situation wouldn't have had that kid ﬂailing like that," Dean admitted. "Do we know of any Bible-reading demons out there?"
The joke never got old, and it was true: everyone assumed a ghost had no reason to steal money or even act out of self-preservation in the normal sense, so the old hunter assumed a leadership position.
His brother laughed broadly and slapped him on the back. "You know nothing of men's tastes, Cas. Has Dean ever once asked you to choose a vessel that wasn't well-built if not downright frightening?"
"Damn it, plan C was my least favorite plan," but Dean was already bracing himself for the inevitable.
Father Tim was quite certain it was to get an up-close look at the boy she'd known since birth who had taken it into his head to beat her son to a pulp.
Dean was unhappily aware that he had attracted a great deal of attention with his couple of extended brushes with ecstasy. "You know what me feeling good means," he said, jumping up and ﬁxing his hair before the mirror with an assurance he didn't feel.
The ﬁrst thing he did was take out the contacts. Staring into the rear-view mirror at the blue eyes set off by sharp cheekbones and the red hair he knew lay underneath the brown dye, he saw the spirit ﬂit back into place behind his eyes.
"Is it Halloween?" Dean asked listlessly. "I thought I was the one who was supposed to be the prima donna."
"Sure," she said in English, breaking the custom of people only speaking Navajo to them, and her usual refusal of alcohol. "Still tough going for Naayééʼ Neizghání and Naʼídígishí, I hear," she said after a swig.
"Earth changes, but these few gatekeepers in the afterlife, they're still the same as they always were, son, they're not going to make way for whatever you and Cas are. I wish they would."
He made a wry face. "We haven't talked about it, but I'll grow older until I die at some point, and then we'll keep our thing going in Heaven. But not if you keep holding on to some image of me—maybe the one you rescued from Hell, or the one from Las Vegas or the one you missed when you were in Heaven--and comparing everything I do to that. I'm always going to be a disappointment, then, and I've learned the hard way that I'll do basically anything to avoid disappointing someone. Even being a demon's Barbie doll." He put his hair behind his ears. "You've never said—do you hate this?"
"No, I mean you know when you buy a box of crackers, and you open it up and ﬁnd out they've redesigned the box to distract you from seeing that there's actually fewer Cheez-its in there for the same price?
That overlooked another big problem, in Dean's view. "And what about all the people who've got their chocolate all in somebody else's peanut butter and vice versa?"
“So anyway, I think we need to step up the training sessions. Like, you train more people to do the training, so you're a kind of central control."
"You could let me touch your soul," the angel said nervously. "Isn't that what you've been doing for two days?"
That was the word for it, he supposed. He conjured up the image of Cas' vessel and the proﬁle of light and cantilevered wings he had begun to know before it was taken from him. This was the truth that had hauled him back from Hell—once literally, one ﬁguratively. The avalanche of light from their bonding that had left a few crucial pebbles inside his soul—these grains of Cas had never left him. Dean never doubted that much, and he didn't doubt it now.
The Spaniard frowned. "This, my dear philistine, is a fencing ensemble, and you are to instruct me in the art of war."
The little yellow house was easy to ﬁnd. Dean went around back and found the basement window with a cord hanging out of it. He pulled on it and heard a jingle on the other side of the blinds. A surly face appeared and didn't change expression while gesturing over the music for him to go to the front door.
For a moment Dean felt as though he'd met his ﬁrst real angel—like the kind you hear about when you're a child. The sort that look right through you and don't hate what they see. He had the sudden urge to hold on to Remiel's robe and follow him around for a long while, trying to understand what the leader was doing right.
These doctors hadn't listened at all. The human that was his friend cared very deeply for others. He was too loyal, as a matter of fact. Castiel thought coldly that if Dean had been a little less devoted to his brother maybe they wouldn't be in this mess. Dean kept stubbornly saving Sam, who was the vessel of Lucifer, a likable enough vessel enough, but still.
"Everything, like Cas our personal Wind-god, goes back to the beginning of time," Sam ﬁnished. "I took physics in college, Big Brother, and got an A, and this makes my brain hurt."
"When I got my funky ESP stuff you were all over me about it. And you expect me to sit here next to you while you happen to steer us to the right place at the right time? This is, I don't know, the seventh or eighth coincidental case, by my count."
"I'm going to be a yak farmer. Maybe some goats," Dean conﬁded to Neal. "I hear there's the most wonderful sort of Nothing in remote Mongolia. But not as good as you," he rushed to say to his nothing.
"In my experience, and I have had a little," she said conspiratorially, "The men who hang on to a wallet or an overcoat or a pair of shoes long after they should pitch them out are the best sort, because they care about character. Not a $400 Gucci accessory. It's easy to see, young man, that you liked each of these men because they were good. Better than you, or so you thought. I don't even think you've noticed the bartender sending calculating glances this way,"
He had the windows down and the breeze running through his hair, and this was about the best he'd ever felt. There was someone to look forward to— everything was more interesting when shared, he was discovering. Dean was already planning new escapades for himself and the angel whom he was going to claim as his own when he got back to the motel with Sam.
“The old tales of Acedia besetting saints while they were in spiritual contemplation in the desert had it all backwards,” Cas continued. “Those people were chased away from settlements so they didn't dry out all the souls around them. Emptiness is catching; it has its own gravity. Don't you feel yourself having to ﬁght against something in Dean?"
"He is ﬁne. Very well, in fact," and suddenly Cas wasn't afraid of Dean's relationship with the other man. He knew very well what he began to know when he began reassuring the demon that he had what Dean needed.
Every moment Etienne was in Hell, Balthazar was drying out until he was a husk that somehow hopped to attention when his angelic supervisors gave orders.
With Castiel watching his lascivious imagination, Dean felt his erotic daydreams take shape and weight. It was all he could do not to ask Cas to run back to their room. The way the lights played off the glitter on the dancer's skin, the way the music melted into the whiskey as it rolled down their tongue.
Castiel murmured something and shut the door behind his friend. He curled in a corner and tried to reconcile the whirring of his virtues with the throbbing of his soul.
"There is nothing else. You are far from your God.” The demons couldn’t speak Enochian, but they happened upon the right notes needed to immobilize their adversaries.
"Are you mob? Because I get a vibe from you, but nobody's ever seen you around before," Gabrielle said as he lit her cigarette.
"I can feel him pleading for my assistance," Balthazar said tiredly. "So I try to cheer myself with the thought that there is still part of him that hasn't been pulverized by the denizens of Hell. Other than that presence, I know nothing."
When he woke up inside Cas, his questions bubbled in his small corner of the huge, old entity that was his lover. It was like he'd been given his own cubbyhole in the New York Public Library. Millennia of memories and facts and skills were neatly shelved and stretched farther than Dean's battered mind could comprehend.
"Literally bouncing off the walls and speaking in gibberish," was what Father Tim had been told to expect. The local religious leaders had a rotation set up so that they could minister to prisoners, and it had fallen to the Episcopal priest to visit the jail on the Thursday afternoon when Soren Mathesen was in the clink.
When Dean begged off from the solid food, claiming a stomach ailment, the sheriff just looked thoughtful.
Sam's old English Lit professor once told a story about Wallace Stevens, who was an insurance salesman by day and poet by night. The other people in his carpool had discovered there was one particular exit on the way into the city where the man transformed twice a day. On one side of the exit, Stevens could only talk about insurance; on the other, he was all poet.
"Like all island nations, there are a lot of water spirits…. " Castiel trailed off as a lascivious fantasy consumed a good portion of their shared consciousness. "I don't want to get in your way," he said as a girl in some bizarre makeup and a short skirt came up and they had a brief conversation in Japanese that even Cas could handle on his own—where he was from, what he was doing in Japan. "Would you like me to take this further?" he asked Dean privately.
"I'll do that," Dean murmured as he plunged back into the sea of people. He was scared in a way he usually wasn't on the job.
Then he stopped himself—Castiel needed positive thoughts where he was locked up in a heavenly prison.
One day, shortly after beginning school, he was invited out dancing. In those days, Etienne hadn't yet worked out that he was excited to be with the other men rather than seeking the well-guarded virtues of the women his fellows were staring at. He put on his best suit and danced with anyone who would have him.
With those words, they found themselves back in Hell's Kitchen, each couple staring at each other in wonder. Etienne, Balthazar, and Dean were all laughing giddily. Cas could only relax when he poked a finger at his lover and found him whole once more.
"I didn't know you were this handy," Etienne observed, looking at machines and parts strewn across the living room.
He really needed to hold on to someone and ﬁnish coming apart, and this waitress—he didn't even know her name—made him feel like he could and she wouldn't think less of him for it. Whether he'd think less of himself, he wasn't sure he cared right now.
"I was afraid of this sort of thing," Cas said, appearing next to the bed. "Acedia can begin to affect the organism as well. Some people move more slowly or experience occasional paralysis."
He kept losing parts of himself and then seeing them all milling around like an army without a general: organs, bones, nerves, memories, angelic body, feelings. What he was really trying to say was, keep it comin', fuck yeah, I can drink anyone under the table. When he was literally on the ﬂoor soused in Montana or Maine, when the room was spinning was he only looking up the skirts of the barmaids or were his eyes wandering even then?
"You've been downsizing for a long time. Come be a part of something great, something cooler than a square old apocalypse. Isn't that what you always wanted, Dean Winchester?
"Hey, I can't wait for you to compare notes with Gina tomorrow," Sam said excitedly. "You'll know stuff she's never even heard of about her culture.”
The American leaned forward over the small table. "I've gotten damn good at it." He leaned back and waited for the reaction.
They almost gave up on Dean's hunch when no one could ﬁnd any connection between the woman and the boy except hearing over and over that she was his second mother.
Sam poured them another shot. "What I don't understand is how Cas knew we were in trouble. Did you call him?"
He was having a hard time grasping the nuances of angel gestures, but he thought Balthazar was looking at him fondly on the plane he had been practicing navigating with his eyes closed for months.
They obtained an unobtrusive wireless earpiece, Dean that would ﬁlter Zeppelin and Ozzy and all his other favorites into his ear. Then the four headed to the club.
"Then it's so obvious how miserable I am? Great." Dean had lost his buzz entirely and hated the way reality felt.
Etienne Roberto Valery-Vasquez was a 24-year-old student at the Sorbonne and had enough gypsy and Spanish blood for his curly jet-black hair and tan complexion to be met with suspicion by some of the more retrograde Parisians.
The teacher had cleared out a chair for Dean, except the person who came next in the alphabet had his feet on it.
"So that's what gets you going. But don't worry. I won't kill your beloved Sam. I'd much rather make a delicious Sam-and-somebody cocktail. I promise not to drink it all up."
"If I ever get to the point where I don't say 'Hello, goodbye, excuse me,' please send me back to comportment school," Etienne stated.
"I'm going to ﬁnd my arms somewhere and throttle whoever made the whole rusty machine start up again!" he cursed, searching for where his limbs had gotten to.
"If the deva-thing already has a bond with this place and it manifests without the projector, then Bobby says the spray bottle of colloidal silver should stick to the image enough to kill it."
The vessel Castiel had been using, a sturdy-looking Slavic fellow, showed nothing on his face to betray the angel's anguish. "That's precisely why I'm here," he said coolly. "I think I can help."
"I can't fully explain it myself, but Rafael, Michael, some of the most powerful in my world have taken a great offense to something. As you know, we don't tend to look back, so I would have expected them to move on to some other vessel and leave Dean to some other fate. But certain things have shown up on our radar, and they're saying Dean is a vector for something dangerous."
He was ﬂoating in space with a sticky crotch in front of another man and the sensations still coursing through his body were stubbornly positive.
A doctor greeted them. "It's all right ofﬁcers," he said to the police ofﬁcers clustered near the door. "Maybe they can make some sense out of this."
"Goes to show what's considered 'ofﬁcial business' around here," he muttered. The doorway to the Research and Arcane Matters section had never opened to him when he was demanding help for Etienne. Now, with Rafael's desire to engineer the perfect warrior, he ﬁnally had a safe conduct inside.
"That sounds wonderful," Cas murmured into the neck that felt like home. "I've missed falling apart with you. Sometimes nice new things come out of it."
They separated and he headed straight back and to the beer stand, which was still plentifully supplied. It was getting weirder and weirder that the CDC hadn't shown up yet. The festival was going on as if there were nothing wrong.
"I'm sure I looked as foolish as I felt, but this dancing pastime does make one forget oneself for a moment."
The two Nephilim arrived separately at the tapas bar in Spain, where the angels were already waiting. Dean tried his still mixed-up Spanish on a few of the bar patrons and laughed at his teacher's admonishing him about verb tenses. Then Etienne dragged him up to the jukebox to choose a song to dance to.
"Carol Anne," the girl said. "Is there something wrong? Don't hurt him—Bruce went through hell to come back to me."
"If I didn't trust your judgment more than mine, I'd say there was something going on between them," Cas grumbled.
Cas reached out his hand and, instead of trying to clutch at the dissipating features he loved so well, he willed himself to fade along with Dean.
Dean didn't put it past scientists or the government, or especially government scientists, at all. He looked around at the low-key gathering, and wondered what they were going to look like when the demon showed up and mushed the remaining bodies together like Play-doh. He imagined trying to pick someone else's Play-Doh out of his own soul-carpet forever and shuddered. His phone rang.
These weren't exactly Dean's kind of people, but underneath the dreadlocks and the body paint they were just people. And like everyone else in America, they were living as if they weren't under the shadow of the apocalypse, or the threat of a demonic plague.
"The only thing we could do would be to force-possess civilians, and that's not what we're about," Dean said.
"It was as I expected, a sort of kink in your energy ﬁeld, but I thought you might feel conﬂicted about the experience."
"It's a good thing I can't produce this effect on myself alone, or I'd never get anything done. " Dean sent the thought lazily down a neural pathway saturated with contentment. He was sure it was the naughtiest thing he'd ever done, but couldn't place why.
Dean glared back with a stony face and willed his body to stop receiving the black wisps with a shameful relief.
"Who is this vulgar man and why has no one told him that grotesque fashion suits no one?" Dean heard clearly from Etienne. Their brief kiss seemed to have opened up a frequency between them.
A few times times his delicate attractiveness made them mistake him for someone looking for a different kind of patronage at the artists’ salons. These, he was invited to , not for entertainment, but because an outsider's wit is always sharper than any part-time wag who worked at the embassy during the week.
"Rosa and I were the ﬁrst," Lester said. "The others all made the change in the last week. My angel's name is Ambriel."
"Why did the dinosaurs go extinct? If humans were the plan all along, why mess around with pterodactyls? Why—"
"Pardon me for not being clear on the people who don't eat solid food, spend a lot of their nights outside, and are pining away on some angel being the poster children for the Cause," Bobby retorted. "Can I have a word, Dean?"
"I'll tell it to you straight, Bobby. Because I've been doing my damnedest to ignore it," Sam replied.
Dean had to admit, as mad as he was, at least he felt like a human being again since Castiel whenever he did.
"You dumbass, this is your idea of being on a mission?" Dean mocked himself. "Hey everybody, let's improv ourselves into a miserable evening. We just might save the world."
"You were really upset when I talked to you all those months ago," Barry said. "All I knew is you made me feel something I had never felt, and never wanted to let go. I actually did take a picture of you when you weren't paying attention."
Sam earned everything he did with the Navajo, and getting in with those folks was pretty hard. Even with their gods, Dean's instinct had shown itself to be a poor substitute for Sam's smarts and commitment. He was Little Brother, now and forever, who, in most versions of the myths, was the one who collected bits of ﬂesh and blood from the older brother's kills. Kind of like the way Dean was rolling around in the shards of his life, his mind, and sometimes, his ﬂesh itself.
Lucky for her she was no longer there to bear his wrath, the angel fumed. The idea that his beloved would seek comfort elsewhere was supremely painful. All those arguments they'd had since their reunion, with Balthazar shouting again and again, "I don't care how dark it is, dammit, let me go there with you—just don't shut me out!"
Sam studied these lines the old woman drew in her spur-of-the-moment retellings, and was gathering that if you could make a case for something that satisﬁed yourself, the line drawn in the air became an actual plank to another section of the myth.
"You think?" Dean was reeling. "That's all on you, as the responsible immortal being while I was all screwed up."
Alone in a motel on the outskirts of Peoria, Dean alternated between his two favorite subjects: the Khan, and the book Josie the Sheriff gave him.
"A sure sign that you are the main course and our men are only nibbling at an occasional side dish."
Life had worn marks into the American, just as it had on all of them. This much did not surprise Etienne when he was ﬁrst alive. But Dean would not acknowledge that all that energy of his, all that instinct and skill, was still his lot, no matter how many bonds he had others tie it in.
He righted himself on his own power, but he felt wobbly. Dean been fearing being smushed together with some chick, but getting mixed in with some guy, and the process by which he would be mixed in -
"No, about me wanting to be part of a whole. Yes, that's what it took a couple months of Hellﬁre to make clear to me, but there's another side to it. I'm not whole, for starters. I've never felt at peace with myself, so when you came in and then left it's like the hole I tried to plug up with sex and booze and ﬁghting, it got bigger by a thousand. And anything I did was like a drop in the bucket; it could never ﬁll that space where you were. Hell, from what I saw in sector 412-B, second shelf of your ﬁrst millennium, you really are that big."
Then they would be taken away. But he was grateful for that, too, because Dean knew he needed to be deprived in order to be able to appreciate things.
"Nothing?" repeated Valac, intrigued. "You mean, you want a soul, and not just any soul, for free? Surely you don't mistake me for the head of a charitable institution?"
"Stick a candle in that shit and I'll make a wish," Dean laughed. "Except make sure it's not haunted ﬁrst. Damn that would suck, having an unquiet organ raising hell inside you."
"Yes, it's really me," Castiel said, inching forward for fear that the slightest shift in the environment would pulverize his love. Dean looked one wrong move away from turning into dust, but still he moved his hand slightly to Cas, a weak light coming into his face.
He reached his hands out to stupidly grab at the dust, as if he could pick out what had been Etienne and put him back together again.
"He told you that? More evidence that angels need sex ed. Cas is no more worldly in our world than in this one. He hasn't the slightest idea what he's doing.”
Balthazar entered the room and closed the door behind him. "Remy is s very different than Raphael, brother, you should see the changes he's making. For one thing, he's been elected rather than winning the post by besting the others in battle."
Cas' consciousness ﬁnally beat through to Dean. "I really don't care to see you engage in any intimate pastimes with Etienne, or see you converse with your minds, for that matter, but I should warn you that Balthazar will destroy you for doing anything that endangers his mate."
"This is probably some bad acid or some shit," Dean said, surveying the psychedelic paraphernalia in shop windows on the quaint street leading up to the hospital. "I hate that stuff. Let's leave it to the DEA or whoever deals with losers who dope themselves into a fugue state. They're probably lost in the woods."
Their experience had showed, however, that once you let the demon out of the bag it was hard to put back in, Sam reminded him.
"No!" Sam objected. "All I've done for months is work on perfecting my binding spell! Me and Cecil and our whole network of magical practitioners. You want to tell the people that got hurt and got killed while we worked on the anti-possession properties that it was for nothing?"
"I'd rather ﬁnd my own way from here on out, thanks," he'd told the Heavenly emissary, and that was the last he'd heard from his cousins up in the sky.
The diminutive sheriff appeared with her mouth drawn in a tight line, beamed up out of a shadow the way Cas used to do with Dean.
"You're not National Weather Service. They took one look and high-tailed it on out of here. And they drove a Hyundai."
"They are coming to punish me in some way," the angel said in the same warm tone they had been using while lying furled up in the sheets. "Remember what I told you."
They spent a lot of time ﬂitting about the globe together, and both of their partners seemed relieved that this new friendship had sprung up. Dean taught the other man all the million things about the modern world he didn't know, and the Spaniard was trying to teach Dean French and Spanish at the same time, which unfortunately produced some hilarious mishmash that they were now trying to untangle.
Most of the peanut gallery didn't seem so much opposed as ﬂummoxed—how would they switch the whole mechanism from inﬁghting between brothers to enlightened administration? The old laissez-faire attitude didn't require much manpower or understanding of the human condition.
"No sir," Aldous took a discreet step back. "Don't you think it's signiﬁcant that our stocks would be up but there is no appreciable difference in the number of souls we're taking in?"
Dean raised an eyebrow at his brother. They were probably giving kids free booze just to keep them stupid and uninquisitive. The notion of free beer just improved his mood by about 200%.
Some of the more technically minded people in what was becoming a worldwide network were feeding every ounce of information they had about the apocalypse into this database that would essentially play itself or a human, looking for outcomes where everybody didn't die.
"You sure you don't wanna try—I've only got a few bullets left." Dean asked him, setting down the weapon to reload.
Their tribal contacts were geniuses in this area, but they also refused to share their practices beyond the experimentation sessions with Sam.
"No! Not after everything you put me through!" Cas' rage slipped into place, and he couldn't tell if it was a virtue or not. He sent his partner an avalanche of images: of saving Dean, of trying to love him in just he right way and failing. It was meant to be a proof of his affections, but he was getting angrier by the minute. Far away the music was still pulsing.
It was nerve-wracking in the sense that introducing anyone to your family is awkward and exciting, but sometime in the last two days Dean had gotten serene and he was planning on sailing that wave to shore, no matter what Sam said.
"Yes, it's considered good form to keep abreast of each other's achievements," Remiel said, which Balthazar took to mean that it was a typical diplomatic exercise of incremental one-upmanship.
Sam's voice failed him for a moment. "Unlike those folks who broke apart before, Dean's got all of us working on busting him out. We're going to do this. Let's focus on how."
"What was that?" Raphael leaned forward. "Give it to me." He lashed the prisoner with holy ﬂames until any angel Balthazar knew would have been screaming for mercy.
She had changed into a black miniskirt, tights and calf-length boots, and let her hair loose so that the full curls framed her head. The white spotted silk scarf she had knotted around her neck set off her cinnamon-colored skin. Her jacket had a fringe that swung when she walked.
As far as he could remember, his parents had little to say to each other, never having found much to talk about with their disparate lives and languages. But their new triad of love focused on their boy. They each lavished what they had to give on Etienne, making no attempt to blend their different characters in him because they never managed to do so in any other way.
October 14 became known in extraterrestrial circles as the day the bottom dropped out of the international soul market.
The idea that they would have thrown out two completely dissimilar ﬂares a universe apart was enough for the man, and he relaxed in his arms.
He poured another round. "If you can send a message to him, tell Cas this one's for him," Sam said, holding up his glass. "He's a kickass strategist, no offense, Khan. You're dating a genius, Dean."
It was a Saturday night so there was a line of hopeful humans trying to get in. Dean liked to think that he and Etienne got to the front of the line on their own power, but it was also true that Cas was pushing them through with the force of a battering ram, so anxious was he to complete their mission and bring Dean back to safety.
Dean didn't believe it sometimes himself, but then he tested it again and again and proved he could see with another set of eyes over buildings and for blocks and blocks in any direction.
"That's right. You thought that just because I take some of the mud-monkeys to bed that I have a real sympathy for them?"
Not everybody was anxious to have anything to do with the clearly unnatural water pouring from the sky, however. Some refused to go near the place.
The angel searched for the words. "He has his liaisons, but this was—I meant it. At least, at the time it made sense," he faltered.
The lead angel had noticed that the affected angels were becoming calmer as their condition progressed and took that as a sign that the symptoms might not make an individual useless for battle after all.
They were at the point of getting up to go to their next destination when Dean said furiously, "Turn your head to the left. Say hello to the guy in the baseball hat. Name of Phil."
The revelation hit Cas hard, and then he lashed back, "If you would only let me see what the envelope said, perhaps I could judge for myself."
It was easy to see that the job was wearing on Dean, that he wasn't himself since coming back from hell. Hell, both of them had this upcoming apocalypse and, each with a supernatural Cinderella claiming one of the brothers was their lost shoe they were going to try on for size. The Winchesters had been living off the dregs of their strength for months now. But Sam knew this one person better than any other, and there was something extra, on top of the towering pile of other shit, going on with his brother.
Dean had a sense that things had really gone south while he was away on his one intimate getaway, and that the angel had done his best to give his old friend that one chance to see what intimacy was like.
The chortle rose up from his stomach before he considered that this fairy thing was like the Vice-Secretary to God or something. "Follow me? Then it's the blind leading the blind, because I needed a babysitter to get through the apocalypse. I've never done a thing right in my life, besides kill the odd demon here and there."
Dean was less upset. "It's been bothering me for days – that must be why I froze up in front of the deva thing. I couldn't even reach for my phone."
For people used to staying in some cushy laboratory, as he imagined a real CDC person did most of the time, the idea of cozying up with some infectious agent must be even less attractive to them, so maybe they were dragging their feet.
In some place where Dean had been alone for a very long time, maybe forever, in the dark corridor where part of himself had been abandoned—he felt a stirring.
"So help me Cas, you're going to ﬁnd it in you to stop being clinical for one second. This is why the world is so screwed up." Dean threw up his hands. "All you emotionless pricks running the show, deciding stuff for real people with real feelings. Get me out of this place."
And when his soul came up for review, they took one look at all the smudges from the demons, the harm he had done to himself and other people, and this quiet, luminous soul had been driven down into the depths.
“I see that little girl and the two older people here together a lot,” Dean said. “A lot of these people are here nearly every time I come.”
"These are uncertain times for us all, what with your apocalypse and all being quite the downer for everyone. There may not be much ecstasy left once the Croatoan virus takes hold. I don't want to be brought down by a permanent bad trip.
"It's not about bending the story to our purposes, I think Cecil meant," Dean said later over the beer he'd smuggled in to take the edge off their exhausting mythology lessons. "We're not moving laterally on a plane, we're moving chess pieces in three-maybe more-dimensions, shaping the whole terrain, because—"
When the visitor left, they changed all the sigils, as they did every time the other ex-Limbo-dwellers came, singly or in groups.
He was trying to stay in a state of suspended animation, so deep was his distrust of himself. That was what made it so poignant to see his knotted-up powerlessness reﬂected in the games they played.
“We won't be spreading sorrow, only love, the true union that everyone wants, if you can dig deep enough. It's environmentally friendly, even—I'm reducing the ﬁrst-world population."
Dean positioned Cas' vessel-arm around his shoulder and panted from the effort. "But from what I saw inside of you, there's so much of you after several millennia, that you can't keep track of it all with your main consciousness. You'd go nuts. You wouldn't be able to focus on the present."
"Yes, Winchester has obviously surmised that there will be one more thing for all of you to report." His voice rang out loudly and was swallowed by the soundprooﬁng on all surfaces. "You, dear boy, are a very valuable commodity. Just as much so as your friend, in fact. Etienne, is it? I’ve read your file."
Sam was irate. "You let me take him into action without telling me that? In our line of work that can get both of us killed."
"You? All alone? In Vegas? Nobody's gonna believe me." He turned to the waitress. "Coupla beers, honey."
It was powerful enough that it actually reached Dean. For a moment they looked at each other, and he realized that they would always share a meaningless little island of passion, never to be bridged from the rest of their lives.
The Khan liked women, booze and meat, just like the old Dean, which helped distract from the new Dean, who didn't really do any of that.
When Sam called him to say that his brother was on the verge of falling apart, Castiel appeared before the Winchesters.
"This soul thing is quite disconcerting. I have a hard time knowing the difference between what my soul is telling me it wants and what I'm actually hearing."
"You're not here to simply enjoy yourselves," she snapped. "And yes, you do need to complete your mission. Dean, I trust we can keep following your lead?"
He was a perfect ﬁt for some other need, as the destined lover for another Dean in another world not too dissimilar from his.
He didn't tell anyone, because he didn't want that pitying look they all directed at him to get any worse, but he knew it was real.
Dean drove the speed limit and took every turn carefully. He was abruptly more terriﬁed of death than ever. There's no way he'd get these occasional transmissions from Cas in Purgatory. They must have insulation or something to prevent it. And the other inhabitants—it was like being stuck in summer school with all the rejects, forever.
How was anyone supposed to have remembered that Remy hated violence when he was so ill-tempered? Castiel wondered again.
He turned and felt himself drenched in wrath in a moment. "You! If you've come to gloat, you're in the wrong department,” he said to the being in front of him.
There was one thing thankfully different than Hell. Booze. When Dean was downstairs, he'd dreamed of something that would soften the edges and take the pain away, even for a little while. He'd had an imaginary friend—Betty the bottle. He talked to her about all the fun they would have. Alcoholic escape became a quasi-tangible person for him.
"Oh yeah, a knockout," Dean replied automatically. He didn't realize then that a pretty girl wasn't just the most likely explanation for a 16-year-old running off after school the way he had been weeks. Now he saw -he'd been acting exactly like he was running off to see some girl.
Sam was of the opinion that the Khan had already chosen Dean and that link was what made him go back in time.
Dean jumped slightly, but it wasn't out of shame. He was suddenly aware that he would always have some stranger in between them. His hand squeezed Cas' brieﬂy, and a current of sorrow about what they had gained and lost passed through them.
How Valac had enjoyed showing off his prize around Hell! This was exactly the sort of angel they had all envisioned, not the stone-faced soldiers angels turned out to be. It fulﬁlled some sort of need in the demons, seeing an angel up-close, pliant and beautiful, and when Valac gave the occasional smack or lash to the always newly healed skin, a sigh of longing would go through the denizens of the lower realm.
"No, this has been coming on for a while,” Dean said, thinking of how Cas had been incommunicado for days.. “Hey, help me put out the ﬂames and get him into the car. I'll drop you off and take him to a hospital. When the angel runs out of juice the vessel they're using can get seriously hurt."
Not that she would ever complain. Jody worked hard to give them a semblance of a normal life and it wasn’t her fault that Claire had weird eating habits. Some days her appetite was smaller than others and today was one of those days. She was robotically shoveling the empty carbohydrates into her mouth for the sake of muscle memory. So maybe she was getting bored of the domestic lifestyle or maybe she was just frustrated by the hunt she had been working on for over a week. It was the one reason she was stuck here for longer than she expected. All the attacks happened around the border of Sioux Falls and Brandon, which meant it was too close to home for her to walk away from.
“Like I know that everything Castiel just told you is bullshit. Angels can’t feel anything. I would know. Besides, deep down you know that once this is over everything will go back to how it was before. The two of you awkwardly dancing around each other for another decade. And don’t even get me started on little Sammy.” Michael gave Sam a glance. “Sam would take any chance he could to get away from you. He’s been thinking it since day one and he hasn’t changed much since. Think about it. First Stanford, then Ruby, Sammuel, Purgatory, the British men of letters, it’s the same song over and over. I mean I had you for months and you only came back because I let you go, not because they found you. It makes you wonder; how hard was he looking?”
Jack’s entire face lit up. “I know what we could have!” He walked over to a cabinet and pulled out a box. He dug his hand into it and pulled out a gold candy bar. He handed one to her with a childlike smile.
When they got home Sam promised that they could still watch a movie after they all changed to comfier clothes. Jack changed to grey sweats and a light blue sweater and made his way towards the kitchen to make himself some hot chocolate. He stopped just before the doorway when he heard Sam and Dean talking inside.
Jack seemed to accept that answer because he frowned and asked his next question. “But wait, I don’t know how to cook.”
Cas shook his head. “No. There is nothing there.” Dean was in shock. How the hell did Cas not see anything? Cas, the real Cas, was standing in front of them. If Dean was a regular person, he would think that he was going crazy, but Dean wasn’t normal and he knew for a fact he wasn’t crazy. The real Cas was there. Even if it was only for a quick moment he was sure that what he saw had been real. That meant there was still hope of him getting out. A tiny, miniscule, sliver, but hope nevertheless. The bad news was there was nothing he could do about it. He still didn’t know who was doing this to him and he had no clue how to escape. But, if Castiel indeed saw him, that meant Sam and the angel were looking for him. He just needed to believe in his little brother and best friend. He needed to believe that they would find him.
“Living with the Winchester’s,” she replied as if it was obvious, “I mean I love them, but if I lived with them I’m pretty sure I’d murder them in their sleep.”
“Dude, calm down.” Claire said, a little nicer. “We were just messing with you. I’ve been to the Bunker before, I know it’s like a freakin hotel on the inside.”
“If you didn’t want to come then why did you?” Castiel asked quietly. Dean didn’t respond, firmly keeping his back towards them, so Cas continued. “It’s been obvious from the beginning that you only came on this hunt to spare Jack from feeling rejected. Going off on your own, leaving us at the police station, you didn’t want to work this case with us. You would rather work it by yourself.”
“Only some people can do that,” Dean tried to explain holding back a laugh. “I can’t, but try asking your Papa, maybe he can.” Cas threw him a glare.
When they got back to his and Cas’ house, Jack ran upstairs to put on his pjs. Then Dean asked Cas if he could tuck him in, he wanted to talk to him one last time.
“I’m sorry I was just feeling really out of it this morning. It won’t happen again.” He was partly telling the truth, it won’t happen again because this world will disappear when he wakes up.
“Cause if you are, just know that we’re okay with it,” Dean continued, ignoring what Jack said. “Sam, Cas and I will still support you if you swing the other way.”
The ride home was unpleasant to say the least. The first hour was filled with complete silence. Jack didn’t dare say a word, while Dean and Cas clearly weren’t in the mood for talking. Eventually Dean turned on his music, keeping it at a low volume which helped with the awkwardness. This type of uncomfortable silent ride was usually reserved for one thing: failing a hunt. In a way it was true, but they all knew it was so much more than that.
“No!” Dean said quickly. He did not like the idea of being stuck here under Cas’ watchful eye for hours being constantly observed like he was under a microscope. “I already promised Sam we’ll be there. He said him and Jess have an announcement.”
Dean awkwardly coughed to clear the tension. “That’s all in the past. Anyway, I’ll catch you later on tonight Sammy.”
“But, they can’t all be bad, right? There must be some creatures that are good?” Castiel asked seriously.
“You know what? If no one is going to come out and say it then I will.” Sam sounded extremely ticked off, which made no sense considering Dean was a victim. “You tried to kill yourself Dean! You snuck out in the middle of the night, probably to get drunk off your ass, you walked straight into traffic and got hit by a truck! Honestly your lucky the driver hit the brakes when he did or you’d probably be dead! We have no clue why the hell you went out that late! Or why you would want to off yourself! Or maybe you weren’t even trying to? Maybe, your just that much of a goddamn idiot!” He only processed half of what Sam said. Something wasn’t right. Of course he remembered stepping in front the truck, but that wasn’t real. That was only to wake him up, besides injuries from a dream don’t transfer into the real world. Last time he was in a djinn dream, it didn’t hurt when he stabbed himself. He just woke up immediately. So why didn’t he remember waking up? And why did his entire body ache? Unless?
Jack didn’t remember Claire’s plan until the Impala pulled into a parking spot and the green neon lights were shining in his face. He sent her a quick text telling her where they were, then tried to listen to the conversation Sam and Dean were having in low voices.
“I don’t know,” he said with a thoughtful look, “I guess it’s because they’re my family. They’re all I have.”
“I suppose we should…” Son of a bitch. Dean should’ve known that Cas wouldn’t initiate the conversation on his own. It was their biggest issue. Neither of them enjoyed talking about their feelings which is why it took ten freakin’ years for it to come to light.
“Sorry kid, but we don’t want to donate to Boy Scouts of America,” the girl snapped, clearly agitated by Jack’s disturbance. Meanwhile, Dean had a horrified look on his face when he saw who was standing there.
Once he had his breathing under control, Jack pulled out his cellphone. Without giving it much thought, he tapped on Claire’s name and before he knew it his room was filled with the sound of ringing.
Dean came storming in minutes later, with Cas in tow. “Sup nerds. Guess what Cas and I found?” then without waiting for their answer he said, “We found the crossroads where all the victims have been selling their souls.”
“Then we don’t kick him out. We keep him in.” Dean realized if this was his dreamland, that meant he was in charge of what happens. Now was the time for him to test his lucid dreaming skills. With the help of Sam, he forced Michael into the nearest closet door. Once they managed to override Michael’s strength and pushed the door closed. Dean closed his eyes and concentrated on imagining a three bolt lock on the door. When he opened his eyes and saw the lock in his head manifested on the door knob he let out a sigh of relief.
“Buddy, getting a kid is a lot of work, not to mention the process you have to go through.” Dean told him gently.
“Hey guys. Sorry I took so long, I had to take Mom back home.” Sam greeted them. “Are you guys planning on sticking around?”
“Yes you did. You need to remember what’s going out there - in the real world.” His brother pleaded.
“Claire,” Jack started with a sigh. She could tell that he was about to repeat himself so she interrupted.
“See, I found a loophole. The contract doesn’t have to be for ten years as long as I don’t disclose it. Ask Dean, the same trick was played on him years ago.” The demon slightly crouched with her hands on her knees, she gave him another sweet smile and changed her voice to a kinder tone. She acted like she was talking to a kindergartener, “See Jack, I’ve done nothing wrong. I’m just doing my job, if these humans didn’t want to die, then it’s their fault for selling their souls to a demon. So you can just erase the devil’s trap and we can all go home.” Her sing-song voice made Jack want to groan. He may be a bit naive, but he found it demeaning anytime someone tried talking to him like a normal two year old.
“Your Castiel.” He answered for him sadly. “Yes, I understand. Like I said earlier, I am willing to wait. I would wait a whole lifetime and more for you Dean Winchester.”
Dean sighed. “I could tell you about me if you really want me to, but I don’t know how interesting it will be. I’m sure Sam will have a lot more to say.”
“Oh please.” The archangel rolled his eyes. “I had to throw you off guard. The longer you searched for the djinn, the more I had you sucked into my trap. Then once you realized it was pointless to fight, you stopped.”
Halfway through their make out session Dean made the mistake of opening his eyes for half a second. He swore he saw Cas standing behind the couch. As in the real Castiel. He was wearing the same old suit and trenchcoat and his face showed a look of stoic confusion that only angel Cas could. That made Dean pull back from the kiss quickly, only for the apparition of Cas to disappear.
“We’ll call you when we come up with a real plan,” Claire told him. “Until then you can stop Dean from sleeping with other people.”
“Fine, you caught me,” she relented. “I was actually going to steal Jody’s car and fight the demon myself. I know it sounds stupid, but think about it! The Winchesters are spending all this time trying to fight a hellhound that might not even come tonight. Let’s say they do catch the hellhound, then what? The demon will just get a new pet and continue to trick people into selling their souls. We have to go to the origin, if we’re going to actually put an end to this.”
“We’ve done nothing the past few days. It’s only a matter of time before another body shows up. I would have expected more from the famous Sam and Dean Winchester. Don’t you have demon connections or something?” Claire asked, desperate to take action.
“Dean?” Cas asked as they walked, his hand still firmly holding Dean’s. “Since we’re ‘dating’, that does mean we’re monogamous, correct?”
“Well I’m beat. I should probably go to bed.” Dean stood up and gave him a look that he hoped the angel would figure out.
Jack was beginning to feel annoyed. He didn’t like the way they were talking about his life and his family. He was also feeling frustrated by the speed at which they were talking. He couldn’t get a word in to defend himself and he was feeling overwhelmed.
Dean had declined to mention earlier that Sam was the only one out of the four of them to actually research the case. Sam usually did the preliminary research on cases to make sure it was legit, then he gave them an overview of it during the car ride. Jack had offered his help, but Dean waved him off while dragging him and Castiel to his “Dean-cave”, forcing them to watch the old western marathon on TV. Jack was positive he was spaced out half the film, but he tried his best to pay attention only because Cas made him promise to pretend to like it for Dean’s sake. It ended with him falling asleep, which said a lot considering he barely needed sleep. He woke up wrapped in a blanket, with Cas softly nudging him towards his bedroom.
“I need you to say it out loud. Tell me this is not what you want. Please. Then I can finally move on.” Castiel sounded like he was practically begging. The sound alone made the nephilim feel slightly ill.
“This isn’t happening… This isn’t happening… This isn’t happening.” He repeated over and over. “This can’t be happening… It isn’t real… This is all just a dream… A real fucked up dream.” Everyone one was staring at him now and he didn’t care.
Claire rolled her eyes. “I swear you guys need to talk to each other more. Now come on,” she grabbed his shirt sleeve again and dragged him to the library.
He also knew that people thought he was naive and while that may be true in some aspects, he picked up on a lot more than people realized. So since Sam didn’t directly say that Dean was staying it wouldn’t be out of character for Jack to misinterpret that.
Dean tsked, “Sorry buddy, but I’ve known you for ten years and I know that you have a history of letting people walk all over you.” Castiel glared daggers towards the oldest Winchester.
think that?” Alex snorted. “I mean they’re so obvious. They’re always staring at each other for way longer than what’s considered normal and they have no concept of personal space. Any time they sit down they’re practically on top of each other.”
“Look Claire,” Sam talked slowly, trying to ration with the young girl. “We know this is your case and we don’t want to make it seem like we’re trying to take over, but you know that doing research is just as important as the fighting. We just want you to go over it with Jack and hopefully a new perspective may catch something you missed.”
“Okay, but did he ever say that he didn’t feel the same? In those exact words,” Claire suddenly asked, hopeful. Maybe Jack was so distraught by Dean’s outburst that he didn’t take a moment to really think about it. If Dean never said he didn’t have feelings for Cas, then the truth spell didn’t fail them. Dean just found a way to turn him down while avoiding the truth.
Jack ended the call before she could say anything else. Then he sat on the floor, hugged his knees to his chest, and finally allowed himself to cry.
Dean.” Castiel said, giving him an incredulous look. “He’s my closest friend and I’d die for him.” That wasn’t exactly what Jack had been looking for.
“That’s alright honey, take your time. We’re all here for you.” That sounded a little odd coming from his mom. She usually wasn’t that direct when it came to feelings, but he brushed it off as her being worried.
“What if we could.” Castiel repeated. That’s when Dean noticed how nervous he looked. How his rapid breathing speeded after repeating his statement. “This dream - your dream - it isn’t that far of a cry from reality. Apart from not hunting and Jessica Moore, it’s the same as out there. Your family in here is the same family that’s waiting for you out there.”
Although, he did find it interesting that his Dad and Cas didn’t get along. He wondered if it would be like that in real life if they had met. With John’s distaste in anything unnatural and Cas’ disapproval of how they were raised, he wouldn’t be surprised.
This step was tricky because Jack wasn’t with Dean every second of the day and he rarely hooked up with anyone when he was. There was virtually nothing he could do when Dean was by himself, but he tried his best when they were together.
“Dean. Thank God.” The angel’s eyes lit up. “You were sleeping so peacefully that I didn’t want to wake you. So, I thought I would try to make breakfast, but I keep breaking the yolk.” He handed Dean the spatula and pan, cleary hinting that he wanted him to do it for him.
Jack decided that he would talk to Castiel first. He was closest to the angel and he was more likely to open up to him than the eldest Winchester. He just wasn’t sure how to go about it.
“Yeah, we used to have the king of hell on our side, which would have made this case a lot easier, but with Crowley gone, we got nothing.” Dean sighed.
“Well as exciting as that sounds, I have a better idea,” she said with a mischievous look. “Instead of staying here sitting on our asses doing nothing, we can scope out the motel room that belonged to the hunter that was killed.” Claire nearly laughed at the confused look on Jack’s face. He looked like he had about a hundred different questions, but the only one he could get out was “How do you know what motel he’s staying in?”
I hope you liked the ending and sorry it took so long (I had all the other chapters pre written except for this one). Thank you to everyone who read the story up until this point. I hope you enjoyed reading it like I enjoyed writing it! I especially enjoyed writing about Dean's dream world. I even started writing a short story about what happened between Dean's family and John. So, let me know if that's something you might be interested in reading.
Once she was in her car, driving down the highway with her music playing loudly, she realized that she already felt a lot better. When she was about twenty minutes away from the bunker she stopped for dinner at a drive thru. As she was sitting back shoving french fries in her mouth, she decided to call Sam.
“Shut up!” Dean yelled. He knew everything that Michael was saying was bullshit, but damn he really knew how to hit all of Dean’s insecurities.
"So, are you here to apply for a job?" Crowley asked. "Your betrayal of your best comrade-in-arms was epic. I do hope you kissed Cas on the cheek before you turned him over to the interrogator, who I hear was quite thorough."
"Stupid and surprising," Castiel said from where they had reappeared a moment later in Japan. "I've never heard of this thing 'Harajaku.' But I ﬁnd myself unable to look away from it."
People's backs turned as they walked past, whether to hide their stash or to avoid being questioned, they couldn't tell. Even the hackeysack players and drum circles seemed to shift back several yards at their approach.
Sam hadn't even washed the dye out of his hair –probably to better get to know the locals. It was the younger brother's turn to use the motel room, so maybe Sam would bring someone back there. Who knows?
He took off his shirt with a grin and demonstrated, strangely excited to be sharing this private pastime with someone who wasn't yelling at him about it.
"We could try again," the girl was saying, but old Bruce suddenly looked like he'd gotten the fright of his post-life.
He had never seen Castiel's vessel without clothes; he was never sure he wanted to. But now Dean concentrated on seeing the contours that were revealing themselves to him for the ﬁrst time as an accidental but no less instructive truth.
Then there was another torture. Another "ring," as it were. Where the anguish came from knowing that it had never begun. The individual was a mote, the ﬁrst mote in the universe. A universe without God.
"You understand better than I do, apparently. You're going to help me marshal all the little humans into my army. They don't count for much, but a few billion interfering monkeys will be the advantage our side needs over Hell."
The angel was his only connection to Cas, and though he'd requested not hear any news unless it was good news, the fact that their mutual friend was effectively off limits in conversation did not stop them from having things to talk about.
"We don't know what the hell we're doing, though, and this crash course can't possibly teach us how to act properly as these heroes," Sam said, practicing some of the marks he was to make with the blood of creatures they were to slay.
Castiel hated following Crowley's playbook so much he almost ripped the veil from the man's eyes several times, but as an angelic operative he knew that sometimes pain was the price paid for righteousness.
"Enough of this pretend shit," Dean said, tossing the foils aside. "Get out of that getup and into something where you can move. My dad didn't let me handle a weapon except on special occasions until I was ten, because he didn't want me dependent on them."
"They didn't bond, you know," Balthazar said, and nodded at Cas' surprise. "I could see quite clearly when I saw the man on the battleﬁeld. He remained a man. He and Dean might have changed each other, but it wasn't like that."
"Go away you! We don't need your kind here!" Dean bellowed in Mongolian at the presence he could feel down the corridor.
"If I did, I wouldn't be able to explain it," she said. "The irony is that in this space, I have no one watching what I say, yet I am unable to respond to your questions," Grace said.
On some level, Dean thought of himself as being maintained by Cas, though Dean gambled for everything he needed. In the ways that counted, however, the ex-hunter was completely dependent on the angel. How Etienne turned a source of real self-hatred into a turn-on, he couldn't tell, but bit by bit, that's what they did on their afternoons together—some dark but necessary alchemy.
"Maybe you should have enough for the two of us, blood-lush," Dean shot back as they reached the front desk. "Hello, ma'am, we're from the —"
He hung back so he could have a word with the younger Winchester. "Where were you guys headed that you got here so fast?"
Sometimes Dean was dressed up in his tunic and posed on a velvet seat the head demon conﬁded he stole from a high-end escort service. When his tormentor attached the feathered wings and compared him with a picture he kept locked up, Dean felt vaguely content that he could make anyone that happy. He was good for something after all.
A spirited military strategy discussion ensued, with Dean translating the Khan's opinions. To Sam's surprise, the Mongolian sided with him.
"Sammy? Yeah, I know what time it is. Listen. Listen! I ﬁgured out the answer to our problem. Which one? The one you've been burning the midnight holy oil on. Yeah, that one.”
"Yes, well it would," Dean stammered, "But it doesn't seem right somehow for you to be so clinical about it. There's nothing you want to try on any person?"
"Oh, of course, so sorry." The woman was all kindness as she fetched a teacup of orange juice and loosed one of the man's hands. “Have you had enough?”
"Raphael demanded that I ﬁnd a way for him to be invested with a soul, but our research departments assure me it cannot be done. And from the little I understand of Castiel's method, Raphael is not a good candidate."
Dean slurped down a shake and then some orange juice laced with liquid vitamins. "Was I like in a medically induced coma in you or something?"
Dean drove back to California feeling like being ping-ponged between dimensions hadn't been such a waste of time after all.
Eventually they found a place that she considered sacred to her where they should plant a certain herb and scatter a type of corn. It was all way beyond the Winchesters, but they gathered they were putting one small thing in balance that sort of puffed her up and would allow her to gracefully exit from her stalemate with her husband.
It was all Sam could do not to laugh at his brother's earnest reverence for the long-dead military leader. His eye-roll did not go unnoticed.
It must have been some strange god who brought his parents together. Even the villagers agreed. When the aristocratic French painter lady showed up, all alone, with her easels and not a word of Spanish, determined to paint the late spring of an obscure village in Andalusia. Marie Valery was able to make her request for the most beautiful scenery understood. She was taken before the one man who loved the land more than anyone—his father.
They apparently did treat him like a piece of tail in Heaven. Dean felt ﬁlthy, like he'd been used for some perversion he didn't even understand by people he'd expected something better from. This was all against his consent! He was going to kill Cas!
Khan had been a big proponent of a meat-based diet as an advantage over his enemies. The ghost's need for protein, which was accelerating Dean's weight loss, ﬁnally collided with a plate of Mongolian barbecue that made Dean retch at the sight.
It was hard to put together the two halves of his life, pre- and post-Cas, these two Deans with such different tastes. Now that he had enjoyed quite a few men's bodies wielded by Cas, it made him want to understand what women had felt with him, to try to bridge the gap between giving and receiving. Come to think of it, his ﬁrst time in Hell being the ﬁrst time he'd had to be a passive recipient--of pain, in that case.
"I had a visitor while you were out," Sam broke the silence. "Jimmy was pretty freaked out by how his vessel situation had changed recently. It wasn't exactly what he signed up for."
Balthazar shrugged. "I always say that the reprobate makes the most trustworthy collaborator—he can be trusted to always act on his own best interests."
This was their ﬁrst trip out, and Dean had forgotten how much trouble it would be for him to help Cas into every vessel. Or maybe kind of interesting…
“We've always gotten along, Dean—both irreverent bastards, perhaps--and I'd hate for you to let one day ruin our friendship," the libertine angel said. "You want to know why I endure those insufferable council gatherings? Because I don't trust anyone, not even the best-intentioned attempts to impose order. Neither I nor my partner do. Free spirits think alike, I suppose—"
"Oh yes," the mouth said with a new intonation. "What your tawdry cause didn't realize is that we're like viruses—you ﬁnd one way to detect possession or cast out a demon, and we'll simply ﬁnd a new way you haven't thought of trying to defend against.
"No, it's because you could have gone home with any one of ﬁve women tonight, and you didn't. That usually means that you've gotten to the point where you prefer whiskey to women, deﬁnitely a turn off. But I think there' s still a little something alive left in you yet."
"Here's all that we know," the sheriff said, handing him a book wrapped in a cloth. "Old Cecil had a ﬁt about giving it up from his library, but his wife is a tough cookie."
"Because you also felt things deeply. You were more skilled at humor than I will ever be, I fear, but we clung to each other because no one else understood."
Having a soul speeded all that up with Cas' new empathy. When did Dean start feeling weird about that extra presence within the angel's ﬁre? His own new angelic body was the one he'd had to learn what to do with so it wasn't milling around awkwardly while his body was getting to the crucial moment. But their accidental Nephilism had merely made Dean "more."
The angel was stationed in Paris for some reason he couldn't even remember now. Some complot to be foiled, blah blah.
"Is this how you go about solving problems?" Etienne waved his hand dismissively. "The man saw his life fall apart in the space of a day, he has no purpose, he feels that he lost his lover, and you propose to haul him back to some place where he doesn't feel he has a reason to be? To what? Lecture him about how worried he made you?"
He realized suddenly that he had fallen for Cas because the angel was the most intriguing mixture of opposites. Dean loved the angel’s indelible awkwardness.
Something clicked in Dean's brain. Davin existed in a bubble of pity that even the teachers were afraid to touch. The person sitting alone across a lunchroom lived in a cottony silence where no one would actually talk to him, no matter what he did to act up. It was a stationary isolation, unlike Dean's mobile one.
She handed them gloves and a mask each and then pressed the button on the elevator. Kelly didn’t try to make small talk at all on the trip down to the basement.
“I remember exactly what’s going on out there. Why would I want to go back to that?” He said harsher than he intended. He had no clue where that came from. A few hours ago he was dying to find an escape from this dream and now he was pleading to stay. The realization of him saying yes to Michael hit him harder than he realized.
“No. There’s more.” Sam stopped him. God damn, the kid was never satisfied until they had a chick-flick moment. Whereas Dean would be perfectly happy with ending the conversation here. He had done enough emotion spilling for a month. “You seemed pretty set on staying back there and it’s not like Cas and I gave you much of a choice. Are you sure you’re alright? I know you were pretty messed up the last time you were in a djinn dream.”
“About the fact that you have been tricking people into selling their souls and killing them before their contract is up,” he said, feeling more confident. “Did you really think you could get away with it?”
Jack saw what the demon was going to do before it happened. Without thinking, Jack shoved Claire out of the way and put himself directly in the path of the knife. He heard Claire yelling “No!” behind him. His breathing hitched the moment the knife plunged through the center of his chest. It felt like a burning hole running through his abdomen. He felt the metallic taste of blood in the back of his throat and the warm drops of blood running down his stomach and soaking through his t-shirt. He grabbed the hilt of the blade with both hands and carefully pulled it out of his chest. He felt immediate relief the moment he pulled it out as his muscle tissue began stitching itself back together. The only evidence that remained was the dark red blood stain of the front of his shirt. He slowly looked back up at the demon recognizing how the world turned a soft gold meant his eyes were glowing. He couldn’t help but smile as he saw the look of fear in the eyes of the demon in front of him.
“I think she’s just upset,” Jack said honestly. “She was really excited when we found a new lead, but she was disappointed when you said you already knew. I think she feels like she has to prove herself as a hunter.”
Jack didn’t know what to make of that last part, but he did agree that hunters are always in need of money. At least, Sam and Dean always seemed like they were. He gave Claire his consent to her choice and ended the call.
He shook his head. The only drama in his life involved monsters and end of times situations, they seemed to be avoiding that subject for now.”
“Okay that’s fine, but - “ Sam lowered his voice, “I should probably warn you first that Jack has been in kind of a funk lately. Really, everyone except me has been in one.”
Quickly Jack shook his head, “It doesn’t matter. I told you I’m done with lying and going behind their backs. If they’re in love, then they have to work it out themselves.”
“He knows Jack. Daddy is just being silly. Now, eat your waffle.” Dean was still in shock from the information that Jack had just revealed. If both Dean and Cas were Jack’s parent’s did that mean that they were… together?
“I’ll go get Dean,” he said shortly before standing up and walking over towards Dean and the woman. He briskly walked across the bar pretending like he couldn’t hear Sam cry out “Jack, no!” He firmly planted himself in front of where Dean and the girl were leaning in to kiss.
Jack helped Sam and Cas load all of their stuff back into the trunk of the Impala while Dean left them to check out. Once he came back they hopped in the car to start their journey home.
“Are you kidding? I’m running on beer and adrenaline. I feel fantastic.” Dean gave his brother a wink.
“Or you might swing both ways. That’s fine too,” Jack groaned. Dean really mastered the art of steering the conversation away from himself. He figured a lifetime of lying will do that to a person.
He saw himself standing in the center of the picture looking happier then he’d ever seen himself. Standing on either side of him was Sam and Cas both smiling in way that Dean had never seen them do before, or at least, not in a long time. There were few moments when they felt genuinely happy. Cas was holding a little boy in his arms whom Dean didn’t recognize. He had light brown hair and bright blue eyes; he kind of looked liked a mini version of Cas. In the far left of the photo was his mom and Bobby standing with their arms wrapped around each other. It was a weird sight for him to see even if they were kind of “dating” now.
Jody was the first one out of the car, she immediately ran up to Claire with a stressed out look on her face. “Claire! What the hell were you thinking going after the demon by yourselves? You could have been killed.”
“Or what? Are you going to stop me?” the man crossed his arms and remained firmly rooted in front of their table.
“No Dean. Dad’s been dead for a year and even if he was alive he wouldn’t be invited.” Sam said stiffly.
“Yep. They’re coming too. Jess and I have something to tell everyone, so you better be there.” Sam emphasized the importance of his appearance, as if it wasn’t out of character for this Dean to cancel.
Jack silently watched their debate while taking a bite from his slice of pineapple pizza. Dean offered to buy them pizza before they left and thankfully the elder Winchester remembered to order one with Jack’s favorite topping. Similar to Dean, Claire looked down on the flavor and called him a weirdo. Then Alex grabbed a slice from the same pie reassuring Jack that it was a good topping and that Dean and Claire simply “lacked good taste.” Jack didn’t understand why people thought it was weird. He supposed the reason he liked it was because he had a sweet tooth.
“You got that? Nothing. With our lives, we can’t even afford to consider the possibility. So please, for both our sake’s, take your feelings and shove them back down. I’ll forget about it and so will you because that’s never going to happen. Ever.”
Claire flipped her blonde hair behind her shoulder. “What did I tell you? Cas is a big softie, I knew it wouldn’t take much. Now come on,” Claire stood up and tugged on Jack’s sleeve.
Jack quickly nodded dragging his foot through the spray painted line, ignoring Claire who was wildly shaking her head. As promised, the moment the line was broken, he heard Claire gasping for air. The demon moved out of the trap and stood directly in front of Jack. “I’m disappointed Jack,” she said sadly, “turns out you’re just as boring as everyone says-” Before she could finish her sentence, Claire hurled the angel blade through the air in the direction of the demon. The red-eyed demon swiftly caught the blade inches from her heart. “God, I hate children,” she rolled her eyes and sent the angel blade flying back towards Claire.
“I can’t explain it. I just know they won’t.” Jack said as vaguely as he could. “Either way the risk is lower if it’s me.” He had to remember to say “won’t” instead of “can’t”, he didn’t want to tip Claire off in any way. Worst case scenario would be her thinking that he was somehow working with the demon.
“Fine. We’ll do this the hard way,” without breaking eye contact she raised a hand directly towards Claire and slowly squeezed her hand into a fist. Claire immediately stopped in her tracks, hands reaching for her throat as she made choking sounds. “Let me out or your little friend dies,” the demon sneered, eyes turning a glowing red.
Jack had to bite his bottom lip to stop himself from laughing, but he couldn’t hide the smile creeping onto his face. Dean noticed it and asked, “Do you know who it is?”
Claire lazily dragged her fork through her pile of spaghetti noodles and tomato sauce. Jody’s home cooking was easy to miss after days of living off of nothing but greasy fast food and top ramen, but after being home for a while she found herself getting bored of it. Especially on days when Jody had to work late at the station and only had time to boil noodles and sauce.
“Would you be able to tell? Even if he was lying?” Jack thought back to the text Sam sent Claire. That’s what started all of this anyway.
“If I’m back then why do I feel so shitty. What the hell happened to me?” Cas looked down at his lap for a while, trying to come up with the right words to say.
“Cas stop,” this time Dean interrupted. “You deserve better than me, you’re just too insecure to see it. Even if that weren’t true, this can’t happen.” Dean spoke quietly, his voice laced with guilt.
“Actually it does,” Dean snapped. “Look Jack, you're a kid and you only know about romance from movies, but in real life it’s a lot more complicated. It isn’t enough to be ‘in love.’ If your lives are not compatible then it makes everything else impossible. Doesn’t matter how much you care about the person.” He went quiet after that and Jack didn’t comment. Dean seemed upset and he didn’t want to say anything to make it worse. “By the way, I was being general, I wasn’t talking about anyone specific. There is absolutely no one I know that I have any feelings for.”
Unfortunately there was no line for the bathroom like he hoped, which meant he’d have to try and take as long as possible without drawing suspicion from Sam. He slowly washed his hands for at least double the 20 seconds suggested on the sign above the sink, making sure to clean up the dried blood under his fingernails from the vampire he killed earlier that night. He left his hands under the air dryer until they felt hot, ignoring the impatient looks he got from Sam and the 30 year old man waiting behind him. But even with all of his lingering, the trip couldn’t have lasted over five minutes.
“I didn’t mean to say any of that. It was entirely the work of the spell.” The angel tried to cover up once more.
“Is that so? Because to get rid of me, you have to actually want me to leave.” Michael smirked as he walked over. Dean never hated his own face more. “Which we all know isn’t true. You’d rather stay here with them.” He pointed to where dream Cas and Jack were still sleeping on the couch.
However, Jack felt a little discouraged by how firmly Dean stated that he had no romantic feelings for anyone he currently knew. Which meant the first part could be talking about someone that he had once loved that had tragically died before Dean could confess anything. Jack felt really confused and not at all as reassured as he did with his conversation with Castiel.
Dean hummed. His thumb was slowly scrolling through the phone like he was reading. “The only messages on here are from him. It’s probably just someone trying to reach whoever owned the phone before Cas. Either way, this Patrick guy sounds like a creep.” His fingers started typing, “Wrong number asshat,” he said along as he rapidly tapped.
“Nah, I think I’ll keep him,” Jack felt the man’s warm breath on the back of his neck, sending a chill down his spine. “I think he’ll be a great snack. It’ll be fun to drink him nice and slow.” The vamp buried his face in the crook of Jack’s neck and took a deep inhale. Jack cringed as he felt a tongue lick his bare skin. Thankfully, his grip on Jack was starting to loosen up after he pulled their bodies closer together. The vampire clearly thought he had the upper hand.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Look, the reason I went off on my own was because I was trying to keep you safe.”
“No way dude. Cas would have your ass if he heard that you ruined Jack’s innocence. Not to mention that he does not want to hear about your sex life.”
“That’s Dean’s prefered method too,” Jack sighed, going over the plan in his head. “I like the plan, except I think I should be the one to summon the demon.”
Dean was in awe watching Sam. He rarely saw him act so light and carefree. His face looked younger without the burden and baggage that the real Sam Winchester always carried with him.
Great. They were treating her like a little kid. That was worse than staying behind to watch Jack. It actually hurt her feelings a little. Of course this would happen just when she believed that they had made progress. When she thought that they were starting to consider her as a real hunter. It was exactly what she feared would happen. The Winchester’s stormed in and took over while pushing Claire to the side-lines. “This is exactly why I didn’t want you to call them,” she told Jody, ignoring her look of disapproval.
Every minute Claire spent with Jack made her more and more confused. He was almost as infuriating as this case. Nothing seemed to add up. She couldn’t tell if he was an angel, a demon, or something entirely different. All she knew for certain was that he wasn’t human and he was powerful. No regular human boy his age could kill a prince of hell by himself.
Jack lifted his head and took a glance towards Claire, thankfully the blonde was still scrolling through her phone. He adjusted the glasses that had slid down the bridge of the nose and checked his surroundings one last time for any sign of the hellhound. Satisfied, he looked back down at the gray rock and concentrated all of his focus onto it. He subtly lifted his index finger towards the pebble. He took a deep breath and pushed a small amount of energy out of the tip of his finger at the rock. He slowly began to drag his finger towards him. He smiled when the rock followed his finger’s movement. He made the rock slide closer and closer until it tapped his shoe. Then he moved his finger in the opposite direction, making the rock follow along. He practiced rolling the rock back and forth, making it gain momentum with every flick of his fingers.
“Your right. I don’t know who would do this and if I did, I don’t know how we would fight them.” He admitted. “But, I think I know how we could test the theory.”
“Let me get this straight, you and Castiel were enchanted, but not Jack.” The nephilim held his breath, why was she bringing attention to his lie if she already knew the truth? If Dean and Cas ever figured it out it was him, not only would it ruin the plan, but they would be really mad with him.
“Come on. Let’s get Patience and Alex.” Claire told him walking in the direction of the bedrooms. “We might have to tell them about your power thing. Like I said earlier we were kinda freaked out from Patience’s vision. Don’t worry I can leave out the whole part about being the son of Satan.”
Dean merely shrugged. “The same as I always am. Why wouldn’t I be? I’m glad to see you’re out of your room though. I was starting to miss you kid,” Dean said nonchalantly, as if nothing had happened. Jack and Claire exchanged a look that meant they were both thinking the same thing. That this was merely a front he put on for their sakes to cover up the fact that Dean was anything but fine. “Scoot over for me. Fuck yeah, popcorn,” Dean squeezed himself onto the couch next to Jack and helped himself to a big handful of popcorn.
“Yeah, Dean I’ll see you later.” Dean sighed as he looked down at the foreign phone in his hand. He knew that he was lingering in this fake world for far too long. Now that he know it was a dream he should have already looked for a way out. Not make a phone call to fake Sam about a fake life that wasn’t his. This world was tempting him - which fit a djinn’s MO perfectly - and he shouldn’t be falling for it.
“No. I’m fine. I want to go.” He tried to say as honestly as he could. Cas wasn’t one to move past something like this easily and would no doubt be keeping an eye on him the rest of the night. At least, if he was going to be stuck here any longer he might as well go to Sam’s shindig.
“No need to apologize, Jody. I think we’ve all been on the receiving end of Claire’s wrath plenty of times. Don’t worry we’ll figure this case out. Four hunters and one and a half angels should be plenty.” Dean promised.
“Before he was born, his mother Kelly, entrusted me with the role of guardianship. However, when he was born I was...uh...indisposed, so Sam and Dean took care of him. We’ve all sort of been watching him ever since.” Castiel explained. “But, it’s more than that, heaven and hell are constantly after him for his powers. He needs our protection.”
“Come on sweetheart,” the man pressed. “I got a motel room across the street, the rooms next mine are vacant which means we can make all the noise we want,” he said with a dirty smirk.
“You mean you want me to babysit the rookie?” She felt a little guilty targeting the new guy, but that’s how she interpreted Sam’s words. They needed someone to stay with Jack, while they went out and did all the cool stuff. It was the only explanation, since she had been able to force herself on to the crime scene before.
“You know you’re real brave showing your face.” Dean glared at his look-alike. “Cause now all I have to do is tell you that you’re not welcomed here.”
“Here you go.” Jess said quietly as she carefully transferred the child into Cas’ arms and handed Dean a little backpack. Once Jack was in Cas’ arms, the boy wrapped his arms around him tightly and snuggled his face into Cas’ neck, like he subconsciously knew who it was.
“Dinner at my house. Like our family does every Saturday night. You, Cas, and Jack are still coming right?”
Hunting with Claire was… interesting. In some ways it was similar to the Winchesters… sort of. Claire’s driving, for instance, was very much like Dean. They both neglected to follow the speed limit and played their music loud enough to indicate that they had no interest in starting a conversation with their passenger.  The music they listened to even sounded alike, at least it did to Jack. However when he voiced his thoughts aloud, Claire groaned and told him it wasn’t even from the same century, before blasting the music louder to prevent Jack from talking.
“Yeah, but… “ Claire trailed off unsure how to explain it. “I thought of an idea of how we could make them do it.”
“Yeah in the beginning, when all we did was prank call Cas to make Dean jealous. Then the two of you went off on your own and I forgot about it.” Claire rolled her eyes, she just knew Alex was going to find a way to blame this on her. “If I was in on it, I could have told you that a truth spell was a bad idea. You can’t force people to talk about their feelings. That doesn’t actually solve anything.”
“Cas?” Dean called out to the sleeping angel. Castiel’s head immediately snapped up. His eyes softened once he saw Dean looking at him.
“What were you arguing about?” Jack asked innocently, despite having heard their whole conversation.
He took another glance around the room. The only other object that caught his attention was the stuffed cat sitting on her bed. It stood out since Claire didn’t seem like the kind of girl that would still keep stuffed animals. It didn’t really match her personality. The only part that did was the angry expression on the cat’s face. Jack reached out to touch it when the door opened.
“So, new plan?” Jack asked nervously about what their next idea would be. He hoped that he was less involved in the next one.
“Yeah he has his moments,” Dean scoffed. “Just be lucky your Jack can’t blast you across the room. His intentions are usually good. Guess we’re just lucky he’s not doing drugs or stealing or pretty much anything I did as a kid.”
“Okay. I’ll do it,” he answered immediately, surprising himself. Sam’s small betrayal made him feel less guilty about accepting. If the Winchesters were so willing to tell him white lies than what did it matter if Jack did the same.
She called him back only two days later, after sending him a picture of a man in his later thirties. “His name is Sean, he’s a hunter, and he’s bisexual,” Claire listed off. “He’s worked with Jody on a few cases in the past and I’ve already met him more than once. He seems nice enough, as far as hunters go. He was in theater in high school, so his acting skills should be decent. He’s heard of the Winchesters before, but he has never met them. Which is good because it means they won’t recognize him and he’s just scared of them enough to not want to get on their bad side.”
“Nothing gets past you, Jody,” Dean smiled before looking at his brother, unsure of where to begin. When Sam just gave him a shrug he decided to jump straight in. “He’s a nephilim. Which means he’s half angel, half human. Except, get this, his father is Lucifer.” Sam gave him an eye roll and decided to speak up when he saw Jody’s shocked expression.
“He’s a Nephilim. Fascinating.” Cas smiled. “You used to refer to Jack’s real Father as Lucifer. It’s ironic that in your world he really is.”
“Of course Cas.” Sam then, left the hospital room with Mary following behind him after she gave Dean one last smile.
Claire rolled her eyes, but accepted her defeat. She could argue all she wanted, but she knew Jody wasn’t going to back down from this.
“I don’t know how her mind works,” Rowena says with a sigh. “It could be for a number of reasons. Maybe it was the drink mix up. Maybe she used all the potion she had on the first two. Maybe he said something nice to her at the register and she felt guilty. Or maybe she just saw him as less of a threat. I don’t know.”
Somehow he managed to fall asleep, but it wasn’t a peaceful slumber. Weird images flashed through his mind. He saw a spear lying in two broken pieces on the ground. He saw snapping fingers. He saw Sam, Cas, and Jack staring at someone in shock. Then he saw himself wearing a suit that he would never pick for himself. The weirdest part was even though it was his face, it looked like it belong to someone else.
“I’m glad. I’ll meet you upstairs once your done with Jack.” Cas turned to walk away, but Dean held out a hand to stop him.
“Names Sean,” the guy interrupted, Jack took notice of the lack of a fake name. “I was just talking to your handsome friend, and was wondering if he wanted to get outta here?”
He caught the warm motherly look she gave Sam and Dean before pulling them in for a hug. She even gave Castiel a one armed squeeze before noticing the nephilim.
“Empty beer bottles, old take out containers, weapons, yeah I’m sure it’s total wasteland.” said Alex.
“You do have a good point there. In fact, I can’t believe we didn’t think about that. We were so hung up on saving the girl,” Dean admitted with a sigh. “Did you at least kill the demon?” he asked with a shrug.
She also let him in on their next idea and it was a lot more complicated than the previous. Jack’s role specifically was going to be harder than pretending he was sick. It was Alex’s idea and it was to make Dean jealous by making it seem like Cas was texting another guy. Jack didn’t understand how making Dean upset would result in the two of them admitting their feelings, but the girls promised him that it would work.
As soon as Dean knocked on the door, Jack sang out, “Uncle Sam, we’re here!” It sounded like something Jack probably did every time he came over.
“It’s all a part of my charm,” Jack said with a grin, to which Dean rolled his eyes. “I think this might be fun! We can learn more about each other!” the nephilim said excitedly.
“This is my room,” she explained as they stepped through the doorway. “Sorry that it’s so empty, I don’t spend that much time here.”
“He’s buying time so his monsters can get to us and rescue him.” Sam pointed out. “We are all just visions in Dean’s mind, which means he has no power here.”
Claire thought about it for a moment, then she grinned wickedly. “I think I know how to make him come back. Give me your phone.”
“Alright, here’s the game plan,” Dean announced. “Sam and Jody will go talk to the victims' families; make sure you ask if there were any signs of strange behavior a few days before their death. Cas and I will head down to the morgue and see if we can check out the most recent body, then we’ll check out the crime scene and look for any traces of sulfur. Jack and Claire, you stay here and do research. Look for anyone whose life suddenly turned around and see if there is a pattern between the victims. We’ll meet back here around one.”
They quickly put everything back where they found it, at Jack’s insistence. It felt disrespectful to leave a dead man’s belongings lying around. The only thing he let Claire take was a couple of mythology books, it was best to not let the motel staff find them anyway. She offered him one, but he shook his head and explained that there were plenty of books in the Bunker’s library. He wished he could fix the lock on the door but he only knew how to break locks not fix them and magically fixing the door would be hard to explain to Claire.
“What are you doing?” He turned around to see dream Cas staring at him as if he had grown three heads.
“Because someone has to.” Dean put simply. “We save people’s lives. Hell, we’ve saved the whole friggin’ world on occasion.”
It didn’t feel right. Dean’s music was playing, but the hunter’s bad singing wasn’t going along with it. The car was absent of Dean and Cas’ usual bickering about nothing serious. Even Jack didn’t feel like asking his usual stream of random questions. Dean never stopped once, not for food, or gas, or to use the restroom. He was determined to drive straight home.
Jack slowly nodded in return and saw relief wash over Sam’s face. The hunter gave his shoulder a squeeze and released him. Jack went back to his room feeling less excited about his talk with Sam. He replayed Sam’s final remarks in his head over and over. Sam’s assumption wasn’t entirely off, but Jack wasn’t ready to let this go. In fact he was just getting started. He dissected Sam’s words and came to his own conclusion. Dean’s issue was that he was content with the way things are and he didn’t want this to change. Jack interpreted that as he didn’t want to bring in a new person and ruin their established family dynamic.
“I’m not lying. I don’t have any money.” Jack was starting to get annoyed. He needed to reign in his emotions or else he might lose control. If he became too upset he could unintentionally set off his powers.
“Sorry… it’s nothing,” Patience mumbled taking a few steps away from him. Jack pretended not to notice the worried looks Claire and Alex exchanged.
The nephilim felt quite satisfied with his comeback, but it only seemed to make the hunter more mad, “You little punk. I’m getting my reward even if I have to cut it out of you.” In a flash Sean pulled out a knife and pressed it against his cheek. Jack scrambled his brain to come up with a plan to get away from him without causing a scene. Using his powers was out of the question considering Dean’s comment about how it was a bad idea to smite in a room full of hunters.
“Prove it.” Dean growled as the three of them attacked the archangel. It still felt like they were getting their asses kicked, but now Dean had a sense of control knowing that Michael was powerless in here. As they fought Michael continued to taunt them, but his insults were
Claire thought about it for a moment before relenting, “Fine. You can do it. It doesn’t really matter anyway.” She anxiously looked back at the house, checking that no one was coming out to look for them, “But you have to be the one to figure out how to open the Impala. I only stole Jody’s keys and I do not want Dean Winchester on my ass if you break something. You have three minutes or else I’m leaving without you.”
Sam snorted. "And this was me thinking that you people had realized that it was cruel to tell depressed people they were sinning."
"Our hospital has 27 beds full, but they've started taking them to other area facilities. It's far beyond the manpower any of our local hospitals can muster, even if these people aren't being treated per se. The DNA tests alone have the local labs working night and day."
It would just pop up at times, offering a sign or a bit of encouragement or a warning. Or nothing at all but the fact of its presence. But just because grace was beautiful and comforting didn't mean that it wasn't formidable in its own way. Everything in heaven was, Cas thought ruefully.
"They're out there, and you and I aren't exactly nobodies in the supernatural world, for a couple of reasons. We start looking these people up. You learn from them, they help you harness your talents.
"Most people," the creature gestured to the ecstatic dancers, "They have a little button, like a control that I can push just right and take them from zero to ‘Wow!’"
"From now on, you are Naayééʼ Neizghání or Bil Najno'ltliji," the medicine man said to Dean. "And you are Naʼídígishí, or Tóbájíshchín," he said to Sam. "Nothing else. Understood?"
The crowd cheered back, not realizing the demon was off script. Not for the ﬁrst time Dean thought how Demonology 101 should be taught in all colleges. The music continued, the kids danced their little hearts out, but it was as if the scene began to warp around the edges.
The angel made them reappear in the desert so that no one would be in danger of being smited by accident.
Soon the moment was over, but Dean struggled to understand why it felt so wrong being at the council.
Further evidence of Grace's scheming aroused only the tiniest of snorts from the leader. Keeping that extra bit of insurance behind enemy lines must have been Grace's plan all along. Lucky for them, Dean provided an opportunity for the lost souls to prove their usefulness.
Sam Winchester heard his message tone and jumped out of bed. In a moment, text messages were on their way across the globe, and then he sent a message to the listserv.
"So speaking of the Cause," Dean got up to open a can of juice from the case he carried with him so he could add it to his drink. "I really am trying to get my nutrition, Bobby.
Sam gave a helpless shrug and for the next few hours his only thought was how to prevent that night's virtual performance. It proved to be much more difﬁcult than he would've expected. Earl the AV guy was the stubbornest bastard Sam had ever encountered.
It worked out perfectly: Etienne's old friends from Limbo were also having a hard time suppressing all the horrors they'd experienced. Without an angel to protect them, as the Spaniard had in Balthazar, Heaven was showing itself to be quite nervous about these reconstituted souls it ﬁnally let out of Hell. They expected retribution, or something, Dean thought.
"You know, humans have a ritual when they're, like, bonded with someone and going home together for the ﬁrst time," he said slyly.
Finally, one night, Sam stepped around the 100-proof puddle he was on the ﬂoor, because he couldn't make it to the bed.
"And if you didn't approach them in the right way, they'd attack you through your eyes?" Dean rubbed his eyes reﬂexively.
"Any one of my brother's faults you can name, I can tell you a way to deal with it," Sam leaned forward eagerly, glad to share his painfully acquired brotherly coping skills. "When he gets wound up—"
Cas' virtues looked tired. "Not so good. I may be on assignment for the next little while. Hell seems to be trying its best to get underfoot again."
"I should have understood this right when you started explaining it, Forgive me, Dean, for missing your reference to the wave-particle duality theory." It was Dean's turn to stare. "Huh?"
But he couldn't be upset for long, because Csstiel was greatly weakened by the experience and that meant Dean felt pretty rotten himself.
"That, my good sir, is Romani music," Etienne said professorially. He shouted out something in an odd language and the men picked up the pace to a danceable tune.
It was a rare time when his father paid enough attention to him to show him how to tune it up, helping him discover how much love you could ﬁnd in a machine. Dean remembered riding without a helmet, and discovering that that's what country roads were for on moonlit nights – no monsters necessary because you were already riding the danger, between your legs, faster, faster –
As Cas warred between the urge to pick up his partner and the terror of harming him, Valac stared at the bond between the two. "How do you do that?" he asked in a wretched voice. "How do you make him better just by coming in the room?"
It was what one would expect in a hospital, but the man looked jarringly well. Yet even so, he radiated a little too much contentment from where he was tethered to the bed by the wires.
Once they were gone, Dean slowly walked over to the couch he was sitting on with dream Cas and Jack. Sometime during the fight both had disappeared into thin air. Soon everything in this world would disappear, until only the closet that Michael was in was left. It would just become another distant memory in Dean’s mind.
He went to his room and replaced the suit with a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt. He’d probably burn the suit later, just like he did the last time. He had no clue how Micheal pulled out an exact replica in the amount of time he had and he could really care less. He then ran his fingers through his hair, just enough to ruin the perfectly slicked hairstyle that was given to him. He didn’t care that it was probably sticking out in odd directions, he wasn’t planning on talking to any of the other hunters and it was nothing Sam, Cas, and Jack hadn’t seen before. As long as he looked like himself again, he was fine.
“Everything,” Cas answered with gleam in his eye. “The universe, earth, heaven, hell, humans, angels, demons. I think about my life and the people in it. Those I care about, those I don’t. Dean, Sam, you.” He ended with a small smile gracing his lips.
“Jack, I’m sorry about what happened,” Claire said honestly, daring to step a little further into the room. “But you can’t just ignore me forever. It’s not my fault that it didn’t work like we hoped. You can’t blame me for Dean being emotionally constipated.”
“So what’s the plan? The usual ‘let us in, we’re the FBI, your daughter is in danger’ spiel?” Jody asked with a hint of a laugh.
Jack suddenly looked guilty. “I didn’t think about that. I guess I have been pretty distant lately. He keeps inviting me to hang out with him and I always turn him down. I guess I didn’t realize that Dean was probably doing the same thing.”
“What the hell happened to me anyway? Did you guys kill it?” He look towards Sam and Cas for answers.
The other man crossed his arms over his chest. “No. I think you should.” Dean rolled his eyes and walked past him. An argument would only make the situation worse. He already knew just how well Cas knew him and how his mind worked. Why couldn’t he be in love with someone who was dumb as a doornail? He didn’t even know how to entertain a kid.
“Okay so Cas can take care of himself, but the kid is where you draw the line? Alright Sammy I can respect that,” Dean said he agreed with his brother, but his tone suggested otherwise. “What about you sunshine? Are you going to tell me that Jack can take care of himself?” He glanced at Cas through the rear view mirror.
“Why not? I don’t see how it's any different than what you do in bars,” Castiel skillfully hid the insult under a layer of what sounded like innocence and Jack couldn’t help his admiration of his father figure’s wit.
“No I’m not,” Jack said quickly, already terrified of just the thought. Dean walked in and dragged Jack by the arm, moving him protectively behind him.
“Sam, it’s fine.” Cas interrupted. “Dean, I think you might be confused. You did hit your head rather hard.”
“Dammit Cas!” Dean finally turned around. “Spending time with you and the kid is the only reason I did come!”
“Cool,” Jack had an amazed grin on his face, until he started shaking his head after realizing something. “Wait - no. Are you sure they won’t be mad if we leave when we’re supposed to be doing research.”
After a few seconds of both men not saying anything Dean sighed, “Dude, you know I suck at this kind of thing, so I’m just going to be honest. I don’t know where we go from here, but I do know that we can’t pretend like everything is the same. Like the conversation in my head never happened. Cause I’d rather die than let Michael be right.”
“Since we’re normal here, does that mean we have jobs?” Dean asked. That was one aspect he was not looking forward to. He didn’t think he could handle working 9 to 5 at some boring office job. It might just drive him insane.
Claire still firmly believed Dean and Cas were in love with each other. Dean was just too stubborn to admit it. She could hardly be blamed for his unwillingness to express emotions. Also, it was the witch’s idea to use the truth spell and it was Jack who trusted her. Claire told him it was a bad idea, but he wanted to go through with it. The witch probably wanted them to turn against each other. So really, none of it was her fault.
“See, you might think he’s stuck in here with you, but really you’re stuck in here with him,” Dean said darkly and Jack knew that was his cue. Without hesitation Jack elbowed the vamp in the stomach and broke free of his hold. Before the monster could even react, Jack had the palm of his hand on his forehead. The nephilim focused all of his energy and rage into the bright light emitting from his palm. Seconds later, the bright light was gone and the two hunters and the angel were at his side staring down at the corpse laying at his feet. It was unrecognizable now that the head had been burnt to a crisp.
“Good idea,” Castiel watched fondly as the nephilim slowly levitated the rock again with his finger. He floated it around in circles a few times before gently dropping it back on the grass.
Sam put a comforting hand on his shoulder, “You did good Jack. That man deserved it and he probably would’ve hurt more people if he’d gotten away.”
“Right. I totally knew that.” Dean said not convincingly. Castiel gave him a strange look before stepping closer. He put the back of his hand against Dean’s forehead, as if he was checking his temperature. Finding nothing, he slid his hand down to his cheek.
She sulked in her bedroom until she was positive Jody and the boys had left. Then she reluctantly grabbed her laptop and walked back to the living room. She found Jack sitting at the dinner table happily reading his laptop stopping every few seconds to write in a notebook. Claire rolled her eyes at the sight and sat down as far away from him as possible. Without saying a word, she opened up her laptop thankful that he seemed content with not acknowledging her presence.
“Patrick?” Cas repeated, confused. “I don’t even know a… actually I do know one Patrick.” He took his phone back and read through the messages with Dean hovering closely above his shoulder. “Although this doesn’t sound like him.”
“Then Jack came along. Usually, parents turn a new leaf when they become a grandparent, but John stayed the same. I think it had to with Jack not being a true Winchester or maybe it was because of who his real father was. Either way, his energy towards Jack was cold. I didn’t dwell on it too much. John’s demeanor always seemed cold to me, but you found it unsettling. Then one day, when Jack was two, John went off on him for breaking something. I don’t even remember what, but it was easily replaceable. I mean he was a toddler, that’s what they do.
Once again he found himself lingering around the house for a moment. He knew that this was a dumbass move, but the temptation was too strong. This was the last time he would ever be in this fantasy world might as well enjoy it for a few minutes.
“Maybe that’s the point.” Sam suggests with a smirk. “I don’t think you could ever live a normal life, at least, not completely. You would never be satisfied. I mean, not to bring up a triggering subject, but no matter how much you cared about them, you never felt right living with Ben and Lisa. You were itching to go on another hunt. Soulless or not I could see it.”
“Fuck yeah,” Dean reached his hand to the back seat for a high five. Jack slapped his hand with a laugh. “Alright, I’m sick of this place. I say let’s leave now before we run into anymore assholes.”
*Supernatural Season 15 Spoiler*: The timeline of this story in accordance with the show is kind of vague, it can be assumed that its season 14ish. To clarify, it takes place before Rowena becomes the Queen of Hell, so she is still a witch in this story and hell doesn't have a leader.
“We live at 13135 Heavenly Way Lebanon, Kansas.” He heard a small voice say from the kitchen table. He looked over to see the little boy from the photo beaming with pride while holding a crayon.
“I think the real question is why did nobody tell me that he had powers?” Claire asked Sam, Dean, Castiel, and Jody. “He scared the fudge outta me when he pulled a freakin’ knife out of his chest.”
“Oh please, I just told you I hate my family. There’s no way I would marry a businessman. Trust me. It’s cooler than that.” Castiel promised.
“Look, I know we’ve had to rough it before, but we’ve never lived in a Bunker. Are you okay?” Castiel looked at him worried.
“To be fair, I’ve been told that I’m too trusting,” Jack smiled and held the motel door open for her. “Like I said, we can learn from each other.”
The ride back to the motel room was filled with dead silence. Clearly, Dean and Cas were both too afraid to open their mouths. Jack couldn’t allow that. If this was going to work he needed them to talk.
“Crowley was something else, that’s for sure. He wasn’t your dad’s biggest fan, but we would’ve turned him around to you eventually,” Dean smiled at him.
“Dean come on, I thought we had gotten past all this flirting.” She said teasingly, “And especially not in front of your incredibly handsome husband.” She turned to Cas with a smirk.
