“Don’t be daft. That one was personal. But not the actual target. That’s what this is all about. Why they all look similar, why they’re all lesbians. Lestrade don’t you see? The dark haired one- she must have somehow personally known the woman this is all about, that’s why she was killed.”
The two tentacles spread him open as a third slowly pressed its way inside. Mycroft noticed that Greg was no longer struggling against him but was now a willing participant.
“How… how are these even possible? You know what no, I’m not falling for this, you are clearly mocking my intelligence by allowing me to think these things are possible.” John’s shoved the list back at Sherlock. “I’m not stupid.”
Molly shook her head, she was a more science minded person, seeing dead bodies all day had jaded her after a while, even if she wasn’t as cold as Sherlock. “Did you… see him again?”
“Hey there, calm down, it’s ok really.”
Maria: Liar
It wasn’t enough time. He bit his lip and waited a moment as the fire quickly spread, loosening the wood inside. It licked up the peeling wallpaper inside and melted the glue that held walls together. John grabbed at the bottom of the side panel of the house, it was hard to do, but the it finally came apart. He dodged the wall falling on him and quickly got to work. Parts of it were still on fire and the house next to him was slowly burning down, but none of that mattered now.
This time whenever Sherlock tried to pet him, John would either bite his hand or whack at it with his paw.
The sleek surface made it easier, pushing it deep inside and waiting for his body to adjust to the new presence. He wasn’t sure why but the overwhelming fullness it made him feel was amazing. A loud moan escaped his throat, instantly turning his cheeks red as he hoped the walls between his room and the next were enough to conceal it.
“I’m not going and that’s final!” Sherlock stood with a straightened posture and his arms crossed, his usual intimidation tactic not working in the least.
A Tiny Problem
“Can too.” Sherlock left the warmth of John’s lap and made to leave when his tail was pulled causing him to fall onto the bed with a light ‘thud.’ John released the tail only to jump on his back and start a full out scratching war on the taller man’s neck and back. Sherlock didn’t want to admit how smitten he was with the sensation, fighting for freedom he only managed to flip himself onto his back, John now straddling his waist.
Neither brother spoke, they were locked into a staring match.
Lestrade bit his lower lip but decided he just had to risk it. He palmed Sherlock, still checking that no one was watching,
“No. Did you see those bees that flew out? I doubt any one other then me knows it and I’m still not sure what the connection here is, but Sherlock has a secret passion for bee keeping.”
“Goodbye Jim.”
John walked briskly down the hall, all he wanted was to catch a cab back home as soon as possible and be spared further embarrassment. ‘
"He's… out at the moment."
“So you don’t trust me.” His face was an emotionless mask.
“How old are you?” Sherlock asked curiously.
"Sherlock. Sherlock! Wake up."
For Science!
John’s smile widened and took up his whole face.
"Well, yes, we think it might just be a hate crime-"
Sherlock sat in a chair in the waiting room, eyes closed and hands in a praying position just in front of his chin. Lestrade looked away assuming the detective was in his 'mind palace' but in reality he was just trying to keep from having another outburst of unnecessary emotions.
"It's alright." His voice remained soft and he pushed Sherlock backwards against the miniature pillows. "I have you." He repositioned himself into their previous straddling position. "You don't need to know anything, not right away." He could see the desire in Sherlock's eyes, but also the fear. "It's just like kissing. You like kissing?" Sherlock nodded wordlessly.
Sherlock looked at his phone skeptically, "He couldn't…"
His clothes were pristine as if he was unaffected by the sand and blood that was all around him, black curls perfectly in place.
“I do not have some perverse fetish.” Mycroft rolled his eyes, finally able to start retracting the damn tentacle.
“ ‘Really died?’ “ John was starting to get a nauseous feeling in his gut as Molly only nodded grimly.
Sherlock forcefully reached out to take John’s hand and lead him back to the street, which was quite a ways from the memorial waterfall. The strange intimacy made John nervous at first, but then it did make better sense then trying to track light foot steps in the grass. The grip tightened suddenly causing John to look up, that’s when he felt the first fat rain drop.
"He had an accident with a chemical is all, I'm working on an antidote." Sherlock placed John on an end table and proceeded to look John all over for any injuries caused by Lestrade.
He pulled out his phone to ring John, but it went unanswered.
“I was.” he lied and grabbed a small dish towel so John could dry off. “Or I could just leave you in there and you can figure out how to get out on your own. Choice is yours.”
.” He mimicked John’s words.
Sherlock’s ears flattened against his curls, “Today? But… there’s experiments to do and-“
John Watson: Thank you but there’s really no need!
“He wasn’t like that when we left. He just became comatose while in the store, before that the experiment was going fine.”
Sherlock only smirked, “Bit backwards. Everything is fine between us though, he’s just being impatient.”
John is don't you?"
“I certainly hope so,” the man made his way past John, putting the box on the coffee table and taking a seat. “I was a but surprised you wanted me here today- good thing I saw the message on time. But I brought all my tenant’s receipts and even the security cam from the porch.”
“He’s been hypnotized.”
Lestrade felt as though he could be swallowed up by their vast emptiness. “I don’t want to loose you, not like this.”
Sherlock scowled, how could John know something he didn't? Of course he never touched a cat in his life let alone be scratched by one, but that was beside the point.
Sherlock understood. John was his equal as well as his opposite. He knew John was pretending as hard as he could, trying to believe that he was really feeling things when he was actually not sure.
John draws a blank and chuckles awkwardly. “Well, she probably wasn’t very exciting then huh?”
An on looking Lestrade nearly fainted in disbelief.
He really wasn’t sure. Should he be researching octopi? Or was there no correspondence to those and what Mycroft had shown him. He wasn’t sure, which was precisely why he should be researching and experimenting now.
John was unresponsive other then his eyes briefly flickering open before shutting again, an oxygen mask already in place.
Donovan shrugged, “You can check for yourself, but the floor is a bit dusty and there’s aren’t even foot prints.”
Sherlock was glad his eyes were closed or might have winced at that. Lestrade sent the two a threatening look. A beeping came from the detective's pocket.
Was all John could think of the rest of the very quiet cab ride.
No one was home to hear the light knocks on the empty flat door. The ones John had waited in vain so many months for.
“The term is homophobic, and the answer has been staring us in the face all along. John, I’m an idiot! This makes so much more sense, why would Moriarty go through such a round a bout way to get at me?”
"John!" Sherlock jolted in the direction of his flatmate catching him as he fell off the edge.
Prologue
“What are you waiting for? Oh, oh how very nice. Looks like the government has come to find the charred remains of his brother. How very rewarding.”
I-M-O-K
“Your ‘
John’s eyes widened and felt as though his heart had plummeted. No wonder Sherlock didn’t want to tell him about this he thought. He took Sherlock’s hand in his own and held it for a moment, “He’s nothing but a bastard who never deserved to be in your life.”
“He… gave me his number?” John stared at the screen transfixed, he hadn’t expected that at all.
‘Am I?’ Mycroft had been so smug about it. Sherlock sneered at the mere memory.
Sherlock would occasionally flip open the flap on his pocket and peer down at the sitting John to make sure he was okay. The new way in which Sherlock would look at John started to ease how he felt about being so small.
Sherlocked turned at looked at him. John could literally feel him do this so he sat on the couch and tried to look away as he spoke.
“And bag everything separately so fingerprints wont rub off from friction of other materials.”
"It was just a dream, you're safe."
“So, what’s on today’s agenda?” John called from the kitchen while making eggs.
“Any shorter and it would have missed you entirely and you wouldn’t have been in London looking for a flat share. So you’re the perfect height.” He could feel his soldier snuggling deeper into the embrace.
“Yes I am!” John grunted as he did his best to loosen the knot to no avail.
“So that was the only reason then?”
"Where is he?"
“It doesn’t have to be there, it could be anywhere.”
. “I thought you were married to your work.”
“I don’t know how!”
“Just that you haven’t even been dating for that long. He’s certainly dated plenty of women longer and doesn’t refer to them as girlfriends. I haven’t heard him call you that either.” He knew this would get him in trouble with John later, but he also knew that he would eventually be forgiven for it too.
“People Will Talk”
“Mycroft, get the fuck out of here. You know exactly why I’m here just like everybody else and I’m not putting up with this happy go lucky act everyone insists on putting on for me. I regret trying to do it if only because I’m stuck in this hell hole now.”
“So cases might still be a regular thing, that would be…” strange, John thought. “But when you did it, you weren’t just moving the planchette were you? You were… it felt like you were inside my hands actually…” He stared down at his hands, remembering the strange feeling. “Do you think you could do that again?”
John nervously observed Sherlock deduce the crime scene. He had no idea what was going to happen to him at any given moment. Every sound and movement sent him into a panic.
“Dry?” It seemed perfectly fine to him. But it did remind him of how strange it was that Mycroft had been soaking wet when he first arrived. “Do you need a cup of water?”
Lestrade was the first to visit her that morning to get a diagnosis. Molly was nearly giddy as she saw the D.I. look up after hearing the clicking sound.
“Thanks Molls, I’ll tell you how it went as soon as it’s over.”
"John!? What did he do to you?"
“I’m not sure that you’re emotionally stable enough to-“
John nodded, Sherlock really was doing his best. “Fine. But only one.” Even though it was against his better judgment. “Where-”
“Why would you apologize for Donovan upsetting you?”
John took a step back “It’s just catnip, it’s nothing special.” Those big pale eyes were pleading with him, “Er, of course. Whatever you like.”
‘Does this have to do with the weather?’ –GL
Molly was practically digging her nails into John’s arm.
‘I assure you, I will be perfectly fine. But I will be unable to contact you until the storm has passed.’ –MH
John went quiet. He hadn’t meant to say that, not that he was hiding it really. He just didn’t know how to tell anyone yet and suddenly hoped terribly that Molly would be ok with this.
“As you wish.” John grinned back, leaning closer as well. Sherlock was far more mesmerizing in person he was now finding. He paused for a moment just to stair into those amazing aquatic eyes. Before he knew what he was doing, John had closed his own eyes and was closing the distance between them, wanting desperately to feel those cupid bow lips against his own.
“Fast forward the tape to 3 am.” Daniel leaned over his shoulder, a little confused what was going on with John.
“Type?”
“Don’t worry deary, the old thing needed to be reupholstered anyway.” Mrs. Hudson sat in John’s chair with a teacup.
Sebastian hit Sherlock’s head with the butt of his rifle instantly causing him to lose consciousness. John looked on in disbelief.
"Do shut up. You nearly killed him and now you are going to deafen him."
“You were a danger to yourself John- we had to.”
“Just… Let me look first?” Sherlock had no idea what he might find there, but he had a pretty good suspicion.
“Oi, Stop!”
“Don’t be so dramatic. I told you, it will wear off.” Sherlock wrapped his slender fingers around John’s calf and began massaging the muscle.
Sherlock tried to think of how the witnesses might have seen what they claimed to have seen. He needed to first rule out anything impossible. But there was a glaring flaw with that. A lot more was suddenly possible now.
“Should I hang up now?” Sherlock said with a blank expression. Frustrated yells came from the other end of the phone then the call ended. “Ah, never mind.”
She nodded and walked briskly off towards the water.
Still on for today? -JW
“I told you he’s too sick-“
John grabbed Sherlock’s waist to pull him upright again, but as soon as he touched him he let ago. Sherlock squirmed at the touch as well and re surfaced. Water poured from his face.
It was a few months after the trial that Moran found himself walking to his apartment that he could barely keep on money he didn’t have, that three men attacked him. It was a pathetic effort by all accounts. The man that tried hitting behind the head with a baseball bat was loud as could be with his approach, Sebastian caught his arm as he swung, and promptly sent him flying over his shoulder and onto the asphalt below. The second one came at him from his left with a pipe, Moran dodged it easily, taking the pipe from his attacker on his second swing and knocking him out with it. The third man had enough brains to bring a gun, which was on the ground a second after Sebastian saw it and hit his hands with the pipe. He pushed the darkly clothed man against the ally wall, pipe firmly against his throat, slowly cutting off the air flow but with just enough space for shallow breaths.
Forget the interview and follow the woman in black sitting across from you. –SH
“Not after… well. He didn’t take it very well. Bloody hell, what are you doing here alive anyway?”
“I mean… you wouldn’t you know? Make me do weird commands? Like you are today?”
“Hm? Well I just mean he’s going through a divorce with his wife and all, a woman. Obviously he’s not-“
Saying he would be fine soon relieved Molly a bit though. She leaned closer to him. "He's just so small!"
“Its… Its Greg actually. He’s worried about him- I mean, I’m sure the prat is fine. But I’m worried about Greg worrying about him, I suppose.”
“No! What are you doing? There’s nothing to run from now!” Sherlock tried keeping his grip but John eventually got free, barely giving Sherlock enough time to grab hold of his arm.
"'Lock, you couldn't possibly think that-" John was cut off by a knock on their door.
“Sorry about that.” He knew he couldn’t look at the message, but the thought of who it might be from and what it could say was burning him from inside.
“Just part of the ‘
“What? No! No, I just meant as mates!”
“Poor little guy, we’ll fix you all up.” Molly smiled through carrier at the hissing cat.
John sat in a confused stupor in his wingback, staring across at the empty leather chair that was Sherlock’s. It was hard to push the vague momentary image from the morgue out of his mind. He was just stressed, it was still so soon after Sherlock had… after his accident. John had to remind himself that Sherlock didn’t mean for this to happen.
“and you don’t know how long this will last.” Sherlock’s voice was barely above a whisper.
“What if Molly’s noticed?” John whispered.
“Lestrade, you’ve been using a different shampoo for the past few weeks and coming to work earlier despite looking better rested-“
“John, what are you doing? I’m right here?”
Sherlock clenched his fists and turned to look down the barrel of Moriarty’s gun. He tried to refrain from scowling.
“Well?”
It seemed Sherlock was somehow able to follow him to work and the morgue before. But if he was still trying to build up energy for communication, he needed an object to ‘bond’ to or whatever those ghost hunter people had been talking about.
-By invading my privacy!?-
“Well you both have to, so deal with it.”
“John is just confused, he doesn’t actually… care about
Sherlock watched in horror through the tiny window of the pretend bedroom. He was mad the scene wasn’t taking place in one of the clear rooms so he could see if John was still alive or not. He knew his blogger would die regardless of where he was. Theraphosa blondi was the most intimidating arachnid nature had ever produced. It’s common name ‘Goliath Birdeater’ came in part due it’s sheer size, it was the largest tarantula in the history of its evolution and in the wild they were known for launching out of trees and devouring birds. It’s speed was no laughing matter. They had even been known to kill chickens and small dogs, dragging the carcasses off to be eaten. John was doomed.
Sherlock sighed and took a settling breath. “I tried telling you, I really did. It didn’t seem important at first, by the time it did I thought it seemed a bit late to be telling you, or I would convince myself I would tell you soon.”
John nervously licked at his lips, “I wonder what Molly is up to…”
John sat in his swivel chair blinking confusedly. “Goodnight Sherlock…” he whispered to the empty room.
“Uh Thanks, I’ll keep that in mind. I should really be going off to investigate now.” He showed himself to the door and sighed in relief once he was outside. He really didn’t want to go through all the awkwardness of explaining about Sherlock right now.
"Shite, no, I've broken that damn beaker and sliced my hand up."
(See the end of the chapter for
John knew Donovan was just making fun of them again, she often posted rude cutting remarks like that and people knew not to take her posts seriously. ‘
“At least no one can accuse you of being vanilla,” Greg attempted a small chuckle but it turned into a whimpering moan as he felt the tentacle still lodged inside of him pulling out slowly. Shite, he really hoped this didn’t mean scary pervy tentacle Mycroft was back.
Before John could stop him, Sherlock stepped into and sat down in the tub, fully dressed.
“Erm, hello?”
"Tweleve Centimeters"
“You know he’s a loon right? He’s probably not safe to be around, he even laughs while at crime scenes.” Her words were muffled but cut like daggers.
“Tea.” He announced, setting the tray on the coffee table between the pair.
“And he’s my friend.” He spat back putting his other hand around the flattened one protectively. “I can’t possibly trust you with him. What if you dropped him?” his words were filled with venom.
"Don't be ridiculous John, you're much too small. I would never find you again." Sherlock had carried him into his own bedroom and swiftly took his scarf off placing it on an end table. "There, that should do for now."
“I never guess.” The shorter manned teased.
“I’m a cat…”
Maria clenched her jaw, this was suppose to be more fun. Gripping the majority of the blond hair she pulled it back fiercely, bringing the knife up and cutting it off. The drag of the knife send wave of pain from the pull on follicles. Harry tried forcing he hands out of their ties from force alone but couldn’t.
Precisely. –SH
Prologue:
"We'll catch him regardless,"
“Thank you! You’re such a charmer! It’s funny, I always use to assume you and your detective friend were an item.”
“My jumpers are not hideous!”
Sherlock peeked outside the pocket, “Why the hell is he looking at a dead cat? That’s hardly important, likely just killed ‘
“I know I heard something,” Lestrade even lifted the mattress of the bed to check there. But naturally found nothing.
“I’m sorry, sorry. That didn’t really come out right.” He couldn’t help but notice that Sherlock seemed nearly as surprised as he did. So he didn’t know this was going to happen then? “Do you have any idea why you might have… er-“
John bit his lower lip, ‘
Molly cut him off, “I made him promise- oh John! I’m so sorry, this is- everything- it’s my fault.”
John glanced around the room for a good excuse why he should be experiment free today. Nothing came to mind ‘
“We’re doing our best at the-“
“But now you’re stuck like this! Stuck like me. And no one is nearly as smart as you to come up with a way back.”
“I’m sorry…”
Molly got her face as close to John as Sherlock did. John was hating his new found attention.
"I see, well, I have a cab downstairs of you want to come to the crime scene with me. Where's John?" Lestrade had stepped past Holmes and into the flat expecting to see John sitting in the living room.
“Could have fooled me.” The voice took on a bemused tone.
“The wife?”
He would always tell himself but he never truly believed the words.
“The hell are you talking about? Maria- please, just leave.”
“Oh fine.” His hand and expression both dropped. “But I still want to see the results.”
"And if Sherlock doesn't find me?" he mumbled to himself, eyelids growing heavy and closing. Luckily the jam label blocked out some of the light from the room. He knew the answer. He would be trapped as some rich persons amusing 'pet' or experiment. Even if he was trapped in this height deficient form he rather be in his own flat with Sherlock. At least he had attempted to give him some resemblance of his former life, bringing him along on cases. As John drifted further into unconsciousness he remembered what it was like riding in Sherlock's pocket, the warmth, the smell of cigarettes, after shave, and something chemical- which didn't sound pleasant at all but he found that it was strangely soothing. His mind drifted to the way his flatmate carried him so gently in his hands, he could feel the few calluses he had from playing the violin but his hands were unusually soft other then that. He wanted very much to be carried by those hands again. '
BECAUSE I LIKE YOU. –
“But what if I didn’t catch you in time!” His gaze suddenly returned to John. “What if Moriarty found your first? He could crush you with his hand alone John! Or that rat?!” He placed his hands on the table on either side of John to rise out of his seat. John reached out to place his hand on the forefinger nearest to him, causing Sherlock to stop and look at him harder.
“The boat! Flip the boat!”
“Don’t you dare say it.” Greg was still not sure how to feel about this.
“Every time, you do this! Its absurd! I have cases to solve, work to be done. You can’t just pop into my life when you like and pretend you have any hold over me!” Sherlock already looked as though he was close to throwing something.
“John?” The light voice didn’t match the loud knocking, John tensed immediately. Maria stepped in and noticed the large dollhouse right away, a smile curling up on her mouth. “John? Are you… in there?” She cautiously stepped closer until she could see him standing in front, her smile widened. “I’ve missed you John, I know it was probably hard to call me.” She eyed Sherlock with a look spewing of venom, but then her smile quickly returned. “You too now? Well, I suppose that isn’t too bad.”
“That’s… that’s awful! I’m not doing this, it’s too dangerous.”
“Sherlock?” John murmured out sleepily. His eyes glanced over the bed and saw his flatmate was gone. “SHERLOCK!” He jolted up, quickly getting to his feet. He spied Sherlock doubled over in the doorway a moment later and ran to him. “Lock!! What happened!?” He attempted to coax him into sitting up a bit. “You shouldn’t have left bed.” He placed his hand on Sherlock’s forehead again to check his temperature, which was still pretty hot.
-I am not. I simply needed my paladin.-
He stopped walking and bit his lip.
“Ah, so this happened naturally then?” he plopped the end of his umbrella on top of Sherlock’s head, making the detective’s face go red.
Sherlock sighed. Then there was no helping it. He tossed the soaked shirt to the side, it already felt easier to breath in the water.
he repeated to himself.
“That you still claim to not be gay after I have explicitly explained you are.”
John wasn’t sure how long he waited after being pulled away from his deceased friend, just half sitting on the ground watching the paramedics wheel the lifeless body away, people holding him back. He didn’t question the strange actions of those around him, preventing a doctor and the friend of the deceased from getting close. He would later realize how very wrong the whole situation had been, regret his lack of action and taking control. But in the moment, he was motionless. Trapped in his mind replaying everything Sherlock had said moments before jumping.
-GET OFF MY COMPUTER!-
“Well… it seems I have a case actually…”
“That’s Sherlock’s coat.” Mycroft practically whispered as Lestrade freed it from the chair. It was filthy from soot and water. “I really don’t like this.”
“Are you feeling alright?” Mrs Hudson woke him from his quiet reverie.
He pushed John aside, not watching where he was going and nearly walking into Sherlock's chair. "Filled my place with a cripple? Serves you right for forcing me out."
“Yes. I did.” John’s words were faint and small, almost lost.
John sighed, he wasn’t positive that it was the best idea, but perhaps the water could help bring his fever down. “Fine… just take your shirt and trousers off.” He turned the knob on and blocked the drain.
A spoon provided a nice ramp up the first plate but from there jumping and climbing would be involved. A plated tilted drastically above him held in place by a cup and a roll of paper towels. Observing the incredibly strange angels of looking at the massive dishes he didn't notice a discarded toothpick in his path. John's footing slipped as he stepped on the pick, falling back into the cup. The cup quickly fell over allowing the plate to fall off the counter and smash, surprisingly neither Sherlock nor Maria heard the commotion, but more bothersome, the roll of paper towels quickly rolled away from it's position on the counter and onto the stove near the flames under the kettle.
Sherlock rose so quickly that John tumbled off the pillow luckily still landing on the mattress.
John gasped. He was all too familiar with the well dressed psychopath that had entered.
John Watson: Don’t worry Mrs. Hudson, I’ve just been upstairs asleep this whole time.
Sherlock frowned at that, he had never met Harry, but based on things John had previously told him about 'sentiment' he deduced this resemblance between John's sister and the dead woman at the club somehow made John sad.
The sketch artist Sherlock had been shouting orders at for hours finally gave up, "Should I send it to the fax now?" he looked up at Lestrade hopefully. The D.I. sighed and briefly looked to Sherlock for confirmation, who only scowled but ultimately nodded.
“John?” John didn’t realize Sherlock had walked up behind him. “We should go.” His voice was uncharacteristically quiet.
John woke early the following day, he had a restless night and just couldn’t seem to stay asleep. He clicked his alarm off before it chimed it’s annoying buzzing sound John couldn’t stand, but knew was the only noise that would wake him.
“We’ve been over this, we can’t go there on our own Lock, how on earth would we get around?” John hated the thought of going with Mycroft just as much as Sherlock did but they didn’t have much of a choice.
“You’re joking.”
“John, the experiment for today is off, Lestrade just texted that there’s been a triple homicide, oh this will be so much fun!”
“Couldn’t… help… it.” His voice sounded distant from him and he missed the scrunched up annoyed face of his friend.
“Ah! Not my skull! That is very important to me!” Sherlock tried to knock her hand away.
John had always been considered a 'short' man. It was a cruel trick of fate that he had been tall as a kid, only to never grow another centimeter. Harry had mocked him repeatedly for that and truthfully it might have been a factor when he decided to join the army. John was glad at least that his taller sister didn't see him now, nodding off to sleep in a man's pocket.
It was wonderful but he could only take so much. The tentacles felt as if they could rip him open. Suddenly, he was gripping the bed as hard as he could, his knuckles going white as he felt Mycroft releasing into him again, It was so much more then the last time. An impossible amount, he thought.
Soon Greg was coming as well, spilling onto the bed. He wasn’t sure if he had strength left anywhere in his body. Mycroft held him close, still spilling into him after Greg had finished. His tentacles tightened all around his mate as he pumped him full.
"Well, I mean this is a lesbian bar after all."
Sherlock stopped pacing and looked in Sally’s direction. When she saw them both again she felt as though she could easily faint again too, but she managed to keep her cool. There was a pregnant pause as she just looked at them, “How?”
“Am I boring?” Sherlock didn’t make any form of movement, he didn’t even look up at John. His voice was flat with no emotion in it.
“I heard you talking before you answered the door, so unless you are crazy and talking to yourself- which I wouldn’t put past you- I demand to see John now.”
John hesitated, “I don’t think that’s really necessary.”
“You really don’t need to…” he mumbled softly.
John pried at the floor with his hands; it wasn’t thin enough there. He would have to find a room on the corner of the house were it would be more likely to be flawed and easier to rip apart.
I can’t, please, I need you to understand… it was a mistake. You should go back home. –SH
The first night John seemed to have no idea he was ever human and insisted on sleeping in Sherlock’s bed with him. Sherlock would never admit to cuddling cat John or kissing his head.
Bending Light
There was no reply. John bit his lower lip, he didn’t like anything about this. He snapped up the disk and pushed it into his computer, the footage from just outside the flat popping up. “So what am I suppose to be looking for on this?”
Chapter 1
“You’ll thank me later when you don’t have to buy new clothes after ripping them.” Sherlock handed him the mug of grey liquid and locked the cage.
Sherlock shot John a death glare, “Very amusing.”
“John? Can you hear me? Answer if you can?”
“Oh John, I love you so much.”
John hissed.
“You could have talked any time you wanted to, you clearly didn’t try hard enough.” Sherlock brought his hands up to his classic thinking pose. “I’ve been doing some research on the subject lately. It seems there is a debate whether a person can be hypnotized to do something against their will or not. Only one study has suggested that it may be possible. John- look at me, this is an important study. What if someone claims they were hypnotized to murder someone? We would never know if that was possible unless-“
“He thinks I’ll try to seek out drugs again.”
“Your coat is gone, just deal with it. Besides, you’re not wearing it anytime soon.”
"Very funny." Sherlock noticed John's voice in this state was much smaller then before. He could only hear him well when he was close to him.
I’ll send John to pick them up. –SH
"Ah, Sherlock, good. I think we found three more murders that could be linked to the ones at the club yesterday." Lestrade held up a manila folder.
“They aren’t actually after Harry, John, they want to scare her.”
“It couldn’t have been you… You… you’re…”
“Oh don’t play dumb, you rated the second group of images rather highly considering.”
“Mhm?” He wasn’t up to speaking coherent words just yet and his vision was still slightly blurry. He blinked his vision back quickly though when he realized who had knocked. “Oh- Sorry, wasn’t expecting you…” he tried to clear his throat and suddenly regretted not getting dressed before answering the door.
“John, this is not the time to play games, are you even taking this seriously?”
When he woke up again he could see through his small dorm window that it was dark outside, he had slept through the entire day. John felt extremely groggy and tried to stumble out of bed to look for something to drink. A small water bottle sat at the foot of the shabby mattress, John grabbed it and drank greedily before falling back asleep.
“Need the salt for something?”
Surprisingly not as much as I thought I would be, likely due to you of course. –SH
-You really think so?-
On my way. –SH
John stared in horror as the messages suddenly poured in faster then he could keep up with. “What have I done?” he breathed nervously.
“Wait!” he called out before he knew any better, Sally instantly stopped and looked at him expectantly. “Er- watch where you step?” ‘
Lestrade turned the corner with a pipe wrench in hand, "Oi! There you are. You bloody ran off without saying where you were going again. "
“I thought it was an interview?”
This was certainly not some fire filled pit, nor a cloudy realm of everything he ever wanted. There were no deceased relatives to greet him or a bright light summoning him forth. He was just there, right on the brink of existence. Evidentially invisible, incorporeal, and unheard.
“Oh.” John finally understood.
“You’re crazy.” Harry’s voice was weak, barely above a whisper.
“Like I said, no different from anyone else.”
John looked up at that, still in a confused daze from his sudden consciousness, “Sorry… what was that?”
“Slept well I take it.” the baritone voice sounded as if it came right over his shoulder.
“Merman then?” What was the neutral term? Merfolk?
Sherlock folded his hands under his chin in what he considered to be a ‘thinking’ position as John pushed him to the bagelry, occasionally telling him to alter his course to get there.
I'm glad you guys are liking my story, I'm gonna feel so bad when I finally post it all and it takes longer to get chapters out :[
“I would love one, I’m sure John would too. John, you should see these, it can be a reward for when you come out.”
“What the hell is this?”
“Anytime.” He turned slightly, eyes briefly meeting with Lestrade’s.
You’re not gay. –
For Sherlock it was the opposite. John seemed to be just an average mundane man at first, slightly above average intelligence, possibly valuable medical knowledge. But something had always driven him to find out more about his short flat mate. He had realized it two months after John agreed to move in with him. The man faked his way through life pretending he cared about other mundane things that he so clearly hadn’t. If he was actually as frustrated with Sherlock as he often claimed to be, then he would have moved out, not followed the detective on every life threatening mission he possibly could. Even stranger to Sherlock, John did care about one person at least.
“Twenty three-“ it had never occurred to him to ask how old Sherlock was, he knew he was in college now, but he could have been a kid for all he knew before. “You?”
What if somehow Sherlock himself was trying to tell him something? Greg felt a bit awkward just holding it like that. “Well I don’t know how to play?”
John looked around, wondering if Sherlock had enough decency to lay off while Greg was talking to someone. Likely not.
Note: Sorry guys, I know its been a while… again… well, actually not nearly as long this last time. I’ve just been dealing with work and college. Sorry to leave off with John trapped in the closet- heh. Well, I guess he’s always in the closet in one way or another.
John gave a silent sigh. His only options were to continue walking and leave Sherlock there, who likely wouldn’t mind or notice but in doing so he would look like an ass in front of Molly, or go back and seem like he was brooding in silence. He raised both hands in surrender and went back to the morgue.
“I’m not going to do anything horribly embarrassing to you if that’s what your thinking.”
The taller man barely took notice as he tried to find the connection with the other victims. "Mhm?"
“Hm. Interesting.” Sherlock stood and kneeled by the doctor. “I’m going to touch you now.”
Lestrade looked up, the edges of Mycroft’s eyes appeared white as the inky blackness diminished a bit.
“Let you…” It dawned on him, “You know more about this when you’re like this. Tell me whatever you need for you to stay here, I’ll get it, I promise.”
John crossed his arms and gave Sherlock a stern look. But at twelve centimeters he hardly looked threatening.
“You said he was sick! How can he be sick and unable to see me if he isn’t here?! And I did call him, he hasn’t answered his phone in three days now.”
"Uh! A rat nest!" he frowned knowing he had touched a potentially diseased ridden pile of trash and feces.
"I meant to call, but, is my brother in by any chance?"
“Did you just say 986 Chapel? As in Chapel Lane? That’s Daniel’s place…”
“Sherlock?”
“He’s like Sherlock. He’s not interested in people like that.”
John could feel his face heating up but he refused to look away, “Very funny.” He tried to use the most sarcastic tone he could muster.
“I have an interview today, just about to leave actually.”
She could easily have gone up and seen for herself, but she could tell these weren’t the sort of noises John typically made. She called Lestrade.
John stuffed the whole pack in his pocket before retuning to the bath, only planning on offering Sherlock one of them.
“You’re not going out are you?” John hurried to step ahead, blocking Sherlock from the door of the flat. “There’s a storm out, if you don’t remember! Besides, you’re in no state to-”
“I could tell he was a good man, just struggling with himself from the things he wrote about. He really is straight, that… ‘
He hesitantly hovered one hand over Sherlock’s head before dropping it to pet his dark hair, the detective pushed into the pet, soft cat ears in John’s hand. “I hate how good this feels.”
Maybe more then a bit
Molly blushed. “Thanks. Just got them.”
"Yes. We need to find the first victim or any others. There's a greater connection."
"What about this blender? Was it here before?"
John wasn’t quite sure how to respond to that. “I don’t see anyone else.” At least it wasn’t a lie.
“You left me… you left and you’re not coming back.” John fell to his knees crying.
“Sherlock? What is it? I thought…”
At first Sherlock thought he was talking about jumping off the building.
“What are you talking about?” John’s voice was full of dread.
The third morning John woke up sprawled across the foot of Sherlock’s bed in the nude and confused as hell.
The planchette circled the picture of the sun in the corner. “yes?”
John could hear the emotion in her voice. He about to reveal himself when Molly decided it was just too much.
Maria, forgot to tell you, I’ve been very ill for a few days, I went to the store for some medicine, but I’m still to under the weather to see anyone. Sorry about last night.- JW
John’s back quickly stiffened. ‘Holy fuck.’ “Molly! Uh, good, I’ve been… good.”
“You haven’t been home in a while.”
It was easy to find the police force, they had already roped the entire area around the fountain off with several officers standing around. Looking down at the grass below him, John could see where footprints had flattened out near him, meaning Sherlock was keeping close for the time being. It was his time to chuckle as he zipped his jacket closed upon feeling the cold weather. He held the crime scene tape up and ducked under, keeping it up a moment longer until he saw the disembodied footprints follow.
Sherlock leaned in closer to John and was met by a pair of surprisingly soft lips for someone who spends half his time licking them.
A massive stripped grey cat pounced and missed them. He hunched his shoulders up after realizing he missed his target and got in position again. John tried to stand again but Sherlock quickly pushed him out of the way and then fell back as two plush paws pinned him, a horrible hissing coming from above.
“Freak solve another one then? Sure he didn’t place it here himself?”
The cab stopped again just outside of 895 Doyle Avenue. It was a modest home, mostly white with dark trim and the drapes drawn. John could feel his heart pounding violently in his chest, this was really it. He knocked loudly, perhaps a bit too loudly he feared, his anticipation getting the better of him. But after a few moments there was no response so he tried again, checking his watch to make sure it was 12 exactly.
“Of course I am. It’s not my fault you chose unattractive men for this.” ‘
though right?” He leaned down and pressed his lips against John more fiercely then the last time.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked up to Mycroft’s. His pupils were blown wide. Not unnaturally, but certainly strangely given their lighting. How was he making Sherlock hear him?
Sherlock bit hit lip and quickly stopped, trying to seem indifferent. “Oh that one is boring, try..-“
Sherlock woke to a muffled voice pressed against his chest.
“Of course inspector.”
John was very uncomfortably hard at that. “What? Why?” He told himself it was just his body’s reaction to stress.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock finally got the cage open but John was too distracted to notice. “You can come out now… Do you… do you want my biscuit?” he stretched his hand out offering it not expecting John to eat it from his hand while on all fours, sheet starting to slip.
Sherlock went through Harry’s personal affects quickly in hopes of finding a clue as to who was targeting her. Of course it could all be for nothing, that the killer has no ties at all towards her, just John.
Sherlock had only just come back to the waking world, limbs wrapped even tighter around his John when he heard a knocking. He scowled, this was their moment and someone was at their door trying to take it away.
Sherlock hadn’t expected John to take out the theraphosa blondi, he should have been outmatched in strength and speed by a hundred times. What he hadn’t counted on was that despite the impressive intelligence of the creature, John outsmarted it. He felt an odd sense of joy when he realized this, but he wasn’t so optimistic about the following spiders.
John went quiet and a calm acceptance of the situation started to wash over him. He could use some jam…
John knew from his expression he had just solved the case, or least had a major break through in it. His whole body was suddenly surrounded by ten long swooping digits.
“You’re not mad then?”
Sherlock placed John on the mantle by the skull like the day before and answered door.
“What does he want from us now?”
"How did you…?" She stopped speaking abruptly the second Sherlock opened his hands to reveal the tiny doctor crouched in them.
“I know what it is!” He snapped, “Why is there more of it? I know how much there was left and this is significantly more. Why s there… you didn’t.” John stared at his flatemate incredulously. “Sherlock, why?”
“You need a haircut.” John leaned against the taller man’s arm.
He couldn’t dive back into the water while holding Sherlock and there was no where to put him.
Sherlock watched John intently,
Lestrade pushed open the double swinging doors to reveal two bodied on carts with sheets still over them. Molly stood back waiting for them to enter. The detective quickly got to work assessing the closest body to him.
"N-nothing. Nothing at all." The last of his sentence was barely audible through his deep throated laugh. "You're taller than him!" John would never hear the end of this.
“Er, nothing,” Lestrade considered taking another bite to think of way to change topics, but he was also nearing the end of his own rope. “Sherlock sent you down, I take it?”
John grabbed his arm and turned him back around, “Please? I’m sort of freaking out.”
“Yes, it’s that horrid woman, why are you showing her to me?”
“So you wouldn’t mind if I got ride of the skull-“ John’s voice was breathy as he leaned his head against Sherlock’s pale forehead, knowing he had caught Sherlock in a lie.
Mycroft squeezed the coffee he was holding a bit tighter; “He’s a well respected detective- the best in his field! He’s certainly doing better without you around at that.”
John bit his lower lip, it was the first time he had seen Sherlock showing any sort of strong emotion, he knew it was really only a matter of time before that mad genius found out anyway.
Mycroft pressed his fingers to his temples but continued to watch for any more activity.
“Yea but… well, its still rather rude.” John genuinely liked him, but even then it was difficult at best to deal with Sherlock’s lack of social understanding.
John’s mind went back to what Ella had said to him, that he only writes about Sherlock in his blog.
“But the worst part is how he insists I stay in all the time! Its awful being cooped up in here just sitting in my damn chair.”
“I lied. I haven’t been sleeping well.”
A moment later John was handing him his tea. He thought back to his dream last night. Sherlock wanted him to tell Lestrade everything. He looked down into his mug. He couldn’t possibly do that. The detective would think he was crazy and insist he see his therapist. Which maybe he actually really should do. Maybe he was crazy. Maybe he should tell Greg.
Seeing him now resigned and seemingly depressed in the shabby flat was almost a surreal experience.
John’s eyes widened instantly, perhaps it wasn’t too late to click out and pretend he hadn’t see it. But in the corner of the screen he caught Sherlock staring at him with a perplexed expression.
"I'm no fool of course, I wont be offering you freedom for magic, I'll just be selling you to the highest bidder."
CW: Dubious consent. Extremely dubious, possibly rape. It's extremely dicey.
“There’s a nice café down the street from where I live, we could meet up there and I’ll get you a cup of tea and a pastry.”
John’s whole form whipped around faster then he thought possible, for a brief moment he thought… ‘No, no… you’re imagining things. There’s no one there now.’
“Well-! I don’t know! Are you seriously breathing under there?”
“You do know how to get her to go home right?” Sherlock asked skeptically.
The light flicked on, Sherlock’s eyes instinctively closed to block out the light as he made a strange guttural sound.
Lestrade's eyes wondered the flat before falling on the kitchen with a few new scorch marks on the wall. "It happened in there then? Where was John at the time?"
“How have your classes been going?”
Sherlock would win him over. Dr. Watson continues to surprise me.”
“Hmm. John, do you have any plans for the rest of the day?”
“I want you to make me tea.” Sherlock’s tone was flat.
“Nothing. Nothing, here, let me get that for you.” John grabbed a dust pan and swept up the mug pieces.
Sherlock lounged in an empty chair as John worked, often deducing what was wrong with patients before John figured it out. It was almost like old times. Perhaps he hadn’t been haunting the flat after all, he was haunting John.
"No, I have a date with Maria."
“Never thought
John hobbled closer to the door.
He’s a tad on the overprotective side –SH
“Sherlock, where are-“
Anderson grumbled to himself and continued taking pictures.
Captain Holmes
“Sherlock… it’s ok, really. I don’t understand what’s wrong, but please relax. We could go-“
“Come to defend your fag boyfriend?” Another voice in the crowd teased.
The woman didn’t have enough breath in her to answer, she simply nodded ‘yes’ instead as she clutched hopelessly at the wire.
John had a hard enough time just staying on top of it. John was the kind of person that would become upset if a small spider had fallen on his clothing, now he was riding one like a bull at a rodeo. Nothing will ever scare him again.
Maria had pushed herself past Sherlock and into the flat. She quickly eyes the messy entry room. “Well I see he hasn’t been cleaning up after you.”
Chapter 14
John began gaining back more consciousness as he arrived back at 221B guided by Sherlock and Molly. He instantly flopped down on the couch once he was inside.
Sherlock looked around a bit more and spotted his violin. But even if he could move it a bit, there was no way he would be able to play it. He slumped in the chair beside it. He was fairly certain he had heard of ‘phantom music’ before. And he very much doubted ghosts were just playing regular instruments to do it. He looked back at the scarf. It was an odd feeling to see the real one laying there when to him it felt as though he had been wearing it all day. He could even feel the fabric of it around his neck. Changing what he wore had of course been his first experiment in this new form. Again, he doubted very much that he looked remotely like this anymore. Sherlock straightened up a bit. If he could make it seem as though he was wearing clothing he clearly wouldn’t be wearing, why not be able to hold something else that wasn’t strictly real?
There was no answer but he could hear the shower suddenly turn on.
The boy sighed but then remembered his catch as he patted the lump in his jacket and slipped away.
The earthquake subsided as quickly as it began. Mycroft pushed the shelves back into place for his brother to stand. Sherlock quickly unscrewed the lid slowly tilting the jar on it’s side for John to gain his footing. The doctor scurried out onto the inviting palm and grabbed onto the thumb.
-I couldn’t wait to get out of my house, joined the army first chance I could.-
“There’s no new cases so I thought we could go ahead and get started on experiments.”
I know, it’s an emergency. I’ll explain when you get here. –GL
“You’re looking far too down considering I have the world’s greatest frozen pizza.” Greg set the steaming tray down on the coffee table, deciding to forgo the plates and just pig out instead. “Now, no more ghosts unless it involves making pottery with them.”
“He fucking jumped off a building thinking he would be fine?”
One day he stopped going into work.
Sherlock turned to face John, hadn’t they just gotten away from that dream? He took in his new surroundings, it made sense why the sky was so clear now, no buildings blocking their vision, they were on a roof.
“Who else would be haunting my flat?”
Sherlock looked at the small man not sure if he had heard him right.
“You’re a big silly cat you know that? That’s catnip.”
John stilled, he knew Sherlock was actually right.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes in anger at first but decided against an insult, “Clearly you woke up due to the lack of my violin playing, so you are hardly to blame for your vile mood right now.”
“J- J-….” She felt as if she were about to faint. “YOU!” She turned to face Sherlock who was placing his skull on the other end of the mantle. “What have you done to my boyfriend!?”
Can’t -JW
“Hm?”
“I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that. Scene’s inside freak.” Donovan gestured them towards a door to a large building and looked John up and down.
“You’re pretty safe from that here.” The soldier gave a small chuckle. “No chance of drowning in a damn desert.”
“Hm?” John looked up from his tea, not sure what Sherlock was talking about. If he were afraid of some storm, surely he would want him to stay in with him as well.
“Oi, I just got home, how are you talking without me picking up?”
"Really Sherlock, you shouldn't be talking to your pocket at a crime scene." Lestrade didn't normally linger around the man as he worked, but he also wasn't sure he could trust him out in public with someone in his pocket. Donovan bugged him enough about Sherlock's questionable sanity as is. Talking to himself certainly wouldn't make the situation any better.
"Then I'll come in and make him soup."
“He’s hardly in any condition to go out Gregory.” Mycroft continued to stair down his brother.
Now brother, don't be short with me.- MH
Funny thing about tarantulas. When they fall and hit something hard, they explode. Not a pretty sight.
But the sun dips and day turns to night and no one comes.
“Brought them for you.” John grinned, hoping he could break the thick tension around them.
Sherlock gave John a day to recover from their last experiment. At first John didn’t believe a word of what happened but as the day progressed it all came back to him. The worst part came when the two were eating dinner at Angelo’s together and Sherlock stood to use the restroom. For a brief moment without thinking Sherlock placed his hand on John’s head and rubbed it. John leaned into it and made a noise entirely too much like purring before jolting away with a completely flushed face.
-Paladin Halfling looking for a party, anyone want to team up?-
He took his phone out and threw if fiercely against the wall.
“Everything will be fine.” Sherlock gave a dismissive hand gesture, which clearly displeased his brother. Sherlock huffed, “I’ll call if… if anything should come up.”
“Daniel.” John got down two mugs, managing to keep his expression and tone even so Greg would have nothing else to suspect. “Daniel Rogers. Great guy.” He grabbed two tea bags.
Bored. –
John Watson: Sorry about that, probably for the best.
Unless the ‘situation’ has changed I know you two aren’t shaggin each other’s brains out, so get down here. –GL
“Thank you… and yes, lets. John?”
No one saw or heard from John for a month but he legally couldn’t be recorded as missing and every few days his credit card would show up as being used at a store.
John rolled over in bed to flip the light switch of his lamp on, the clock next to it read ‘8:00 am’. “Get out of my bed.”
“She is helping us, you don’t have to be so rude.”
John glanced up from reading his own phone at the floating one a few meters away. “No.”
“Oh, Mr Rogers?” The letter suddenly came back to him, “I think there’s been a misunderstanding, you see-“ The kettle whistled loudly from the kitchen. “S-sorry, just a moment.” John went to remove the water from the burner, Daniel following him.
John looked up, confused for a moment. Perhaps the building just needed new wiring. He looked back at his phone, checking his email and mass deleting media outlets asking for interviews on his late friend.
John scoffs “All the cases.”
Height
“This one is plenty fine enough, I don’t need a new one.”
“I know you might not be all there,” He took a deep breath to steady himself. It was just Sherlock, but with those dreams he had been having, it seemed anything with water made him jumpy.
“But the light is on”
“No to what?”
John took in a sharp breath, “Shit, yea.” He had nearly forgotten about him. Sherlock had meant a great deal to his brother, no matter how much either of them tried to hide it. “Not doing well then?”
He clenched his jaw.
“Expecting one more?”
“You really couldn’t have known, I mean, there are cameras all over this city…” Lestrade felt uncomfortable at the though of everyone’s movements being followed all the time by cameras, “I’m sure if anyone would have been able to see it coming you would of.” He coughed awkwardly. “Besides, John had just updated his blog, and what a post phew, but still, one wouldn’t think something could have happened so quickly afterwards.”
Please?- SH
"What are you doing?"
Sherlock’s eyes lighted up in an unexpected way. “Yes, very much so.” He wanted nothing more then to pull John in for a tight kiss, but he knew that was impossible at the moment.
John smiled, appreciating the dreamy expression on Lestrade’s face. It had almost sounded like the way Sherlock treated him, always insisting they go out to eat even though the detective never ate a thing. Even going as far as to scare off John’s dates so that he could be there instead. John furrowed his brow, no, this wasn’t at all like Sherlock and him. Sherlock of course didn’t want anything like, well, whatever it was that Mycroft wanted. Could he?
“What is it now?”
“No. Absolutely not! I am not going inside that thing!” John shot an accusing finger at the offending dollhouse perched on the desk table.
“You’re not even listening!” Sherlock’s nose crinkled a bit, even in a mood John couldn’t help but look away. He was otherworldly. How had he not realized his feelings sooner?
“I don’t believe you.” Maria voice was fierce and as soon as the door opened she stuck her heeled shoe inside the flat so the door couldn’t be closed on her.
“Going out today?” Mycroft eyed the outfit Sherlock had carefully chosen.
John instinctively looked at the sink were a straight edge razor had been left. Sherlock’s eyes followed his gaze and in seconds the coils loosened and retreated. John considered grabbing it still but didn’t want to resort to violence just yet.
Harry reached her hand towards Sherlock's, he flattened his palms out so John could walk across onto Harry's. The doctor took her thumb and gave it a light kiss. "We'll get him, love. I promise."
John’s sister Harry. She knew the dark haired girl, she’s short, blond, and is a lesbian. -Sh
Sherlock couldn’t look, he was too afraid he might see John’s eyes redden and well up over him again. He looked down at the table, hand slowly moving towards the saltshaker for a distraction and poked it. The salt fell over. He froze, staring at it. Had he really just done that?
Greg ran a hand through his hair, which seemed greyer then ever. “Maybe I’m just fooling myself. But sometimes… its as if he does feel the same? I don’t know what’s going on. After that first awkward time he turned me down, he kept asking me to ‘discuss’ things with him and taking me out to eat. He always paid. But after a while, his excuses seemed pretty flimsy.” He chuckled fondly. “He didn’t even give a reason for the last few times we went out. I even joked that it was a date once and he never corrected me.”
Sebastian still lay on his back above the covers of the cheap motel room, a cigarette half hanging out of his mouth as his head rested on a pillow hard as a rock. He had begun drifting off when his phone chimed several times. He ignored each one. There were very few people that ever contacted him, so he knew it was Moriarty, likely sending him threats or pictures of someone he’s had killed to boast or wants killed. He was adorable in that way, but not today. His fingers grazed over the screen before setting it aside on the end table. When it began ringing he merely turned it on silent and rolled over.
That maniac would fake his own death.
The water was hotter then he was use to but he found himself relaxing into it. It had been fun taking a swim in the sink the other day, but the warmth from the cup surrounded him now. Taking in a deep breath he submerged his head and curled into a ball at the bottom and rustled his hair in the water. He shot his head back out with a sigh leaning it on the lip of the cup and briefly closed his eyes.
John could feel the hand squeeze around him, his arms pinned to his body as his torso was slowly crushed. “Maria! You’re crushing me!” he barely managed to gasp out.
“Yea, or something…” Maybe he wasn’t crazy. Maybe somehow Sherlock was really there after all. He took another sip of his tea.
“What do I want? I want the world Sherlock, and I want it handed to me on a silver platter. But for now, I think I will settle with having your heart, preferably burned out of you.” He grinned. “Sebbie, knock him out will you?”
John felt his legs giving out on him as Sherlock stepped towards the edge, dropped the phone they had been speaking on- their only life line to one another. His hands stretched out, he hesitated for a moment before dipping forward off the ledge, and out of John’s life.
-I’m sorry, I’ll follow you. Please don’t boot me from the server.-
Sherlock grinned ear to ear. “Now click the button on the bottom.”
“You’re better at being small.” He was still looking away.
John looked up from his computer, his eyes wandering amongst the different lights as they returned to normal.
"What on earth are you doing with that thing."
John shut his eyes, desperately wanting to believe Sherlock that everything would be fine, but something in the back of his mind told him things would be worse if this was just a dream. That somehow this was better then waking up. He closed his eyes, thinking hard of being away from Moriarty. A flash of light momentarily blocked Sherlock’s field of vision. The first thing he noticed after he could see again was that it was morning with the sun just coming out over an open sky. That was a good sign at least.
That same sly smile came across Sebastian’s face he continued looking blankly up at the ceiling. God how he had loved that man. But Moriarty was a madman who had no feelings.
“Y-yes?”
John let out a heavy sigh. “I just don’t want to be your live in guinea pig.”
btw, there is gonna be a lost of Mystrade in this. Like... hot damn.
Chapter 22
John spluttered and nearly dropped his teacup; he had a very bad feeling about today. “Please don’t tell me you plan on…” he couldn’t bring himself to say the words.
John moaned softly into Sherlock’s mouth, “Fine… but he really has been a prat to me for months now.”
“I know, but what if-“
Something about John’s word choice chilled the D.I. a bit. The words were just too familiar.
“What going on here, where is everyone?” Lestrade was looking pretty annoyed at the lack of work happening.
I wasn’t- John had started to write but deleted it. He had no idea what to say, he didn’t want to admit to using it but he knew Sherlock well enough to know he had figured it out if he had directly said it.
“I missed all of you, not your bloody thumb.” His grip tightened. “Please take me back to the flat?”
Sherlock paced across the flat as John was out retrieving his file. He didn’t want to leave the flat, not with what Mycroft had showed him looming over him. Was it even safe for John to return? Probably. Maybe. He wasn’t sure. It was the unsuredness that made him nervous. This was all new and he no idea what to expect. He adjusted the thermostat again. He felt like he was burning up despite how low the device already was. Perhaps that was part of his ‘condition.’ Or just nerves, hard to say.
“Good luck finding Johnny boy!”
He had certainly heard that. “Sher-“
“I know when there’s people in a room doctor. And there’s a man in that chair.”
“I’m sorry John…” his voice was a light whisper, “It’s for your own good.” He gave a firm tug on John’s right arm.
“I’m on my way to 221b now to check, it’s a delicate situation after all and I doubt he’ll even come out if I send someone in my place. But there’s a good chance he was likely taken too, impossible to tell by the state of the footage though.”
“The idea that I might not find a cure did pass my mind and it seemed to be a good idea to plan ahead just in case.”
Sherlock was now fascinated about every aspect of John, he was just so unbelievably small. His actions and expressions so fragile. Sherlock felt his face warming and turned away.
Chapter 15:
“You git.” John smiled fondly, “Of course I do. And hopefully you wont have to get use to being small.”
Four days later and Mycroft hadn’t heard anything about the possible where about of John since. It was a fluke that he recognized him as he ran out of the club, of course at the time he thought he was watching the criminal who had just killed a man and otherwise wouldn’t have taken such a close look as to recognize John. Mycroft didn’t tell anyone about that night.
You’re right, the school cafeteria will never serve cheesecake. –
“Then why would you knowingly drink it again? And make more of it?”
Greg placed a hand on John’s shoulder as he exited the room, “I know you’re not intending to let this go unsolved. But, er, do you have any plan?”
“How much longer?”
“But John, you were just complaining about privacy.”
“Sorry. That was probably from last night. Not your regular sleeping position I would imagine.”
“What was the name of the last one?”
Sherlock turned around to continue his experiment but stopped in his tracks before facing John again, his expression completely changed but near impossible to read. "Which beaker did you break?"
gay?”
As previously instructed, she placed her mesh purse on the table, the holes just large enough for John and Sherlock to peer through, but still small enough that you would have to watch for movement to see them.
"Ah, Donovan, still mopping Anderson's floors? I'll double his price to have you wash mine." Sherlock grinned.
‘Ah, of course, the inevitable. She would try and ask John out again in hopes of continuing there… relationship.’ Sherlock cringed. ‘If only this happened during the placebo test… I would have been able to convince John that he didn’t like her because he likes men. Ah, but there is this experiment…’
Sherlock went stiff. If John could remember that Moriarty was dead now…
“She will hardly miss me, just tell her I’m busy!”
“Alright then, so what is it about her that made you ask her out then?”
“As if.” ‘
-Maybe a little.-
“You’ll never feel the same for me,” he whispered to the empty room before closing his eyes again and letting sleep take him.
Stiff
That morning, John immediately regretted his decision from the night before.
John had decided he really couldn’t sleep in Sherlock’s bed again. It was simply wrong on too many levels. In the back of his mind he knew he should have the room cleared out along with most of Sherlock’s things, but he wouldn’t let himself think of that. It had a finality that didn’t sit right with him. John kept stealing glances of Sherlock’s room as he watched tv, the hour getting later as he continued to remind himself not to sleep in there.
“Seriously?” Donovan rolled her eyes. “We’re three stories up. Are you really suggesting someone, two people in fact, climbed all the way up the wall and through the window on the off chance that it might be unlocked, just to pull of an elaborate prank on some unsuspecting jogger?”
"They have nothing in common other then both being female. This one here was a college student, the other one a real estate agent."
“Right. I’ll need to send some people to search there too, I’ll wait till you’ve finished though.”
“I should have told you how clever you are far more often.” Sherlock smiled faintly.
“Seriously Lock, you’re starting to weird me out a bit, what’s going on?”
"You're pretty late you know, you're never late when I have a case for you." Lestrade had a slightly confused face.
“Mhm, very interesting.”
Sherlock was bent on his ruse, but when he heard muffled moans both his eyes shot open to make sure nothing had happened while he wasn’t looking.
I lost him. GL
“You don’t have to carry it all at once,” John went to grab a heavier looking bag when he spotted the case. He went still, recognizing it instantly. “Oh.”
John knew Ella was probably right.
Up for auction. Care to join me in making a deal with the current owner before hand? There's car outside waiting for you. –MH
The old man turned to his grandson "Just imagine what people would pay for a real fae folk? Then they can deal with any damn hex he can manage."
John’s phone screen lit up with a buzz, indicating a new text.
“mmm, could make life easier for you. Anyway, we have a case today, so hurry up and finish breakfast.”
"John!" luckily for him the doctor had insisted he buy a new fire extinguisher after the last one had been used to put out one of Sherlock's combustible experiments. The detective grabbed it off the wall and sprayed every flame till it ceased. His heart was racing as he scanned for his John.
John put his strangely accurate miniature clothes back on, hair still slightly dampened.
Sherlock was flustered. “I don’t understand.” He felt like pouting.
Sherlock scrunched his nose in defeat, “Well, it might also…” the rest of his sentence became an unrecognizable mumble “Not a big deal.”
“You probably just have impaired judgment from the chemicals. Just forget all of this.”
“It’s a triple homicide John! I can’t just pass that up. Besides, look, you can’t even see the tail!”
John eyed the cup next to him and took it, it was warm in his hands, recently made. “But you never make tea… oh my god. I didn’t…”
'Hm?"
Sherlock double clicked it and the video went to wide screen revealing porn of two busty blonds being intimate with each other.  “All you have to do is watch.” He picked up his notebook and pen again.
“I thought you would be pleased, strawberry is your favorite flavor of jam isn’t it?” He smiled at the large homemade jar before them.
“Long? John, there are exactly the same amount of minutes and hours in every day.”
"Molly- you should leave now." His expression was stone cold.
John curled up on Sherlock’s lap and purred.
-Ah, so you were injured then?-
"One Minute"
“I needed you to have a great desire to move, yes.”
It was a ploy of course, Moriarty only cares about himself, possibly Sherlock but that was more of an obsession then anything else. Sebastian could feel Moriarty’s other hand, still holding the vial, mockingly caressing his cheek.
"No. I'm fine."
“John, you have been very disconnected from everyone other then Sherlock. Perhaps you should try harder at dating again?”
"Lestrade and Molly know… don't you dare let anyone else find out." His voice trailed off.
The last time he had accompanied Mycroft to the hospital he could see how much worse it made John feel. No hospitals this time. Lestrade conducted a one man search of the apartment for any form of narcotics. He got rid of the needle and cocaine before John was aware of himself again. Lestrade spent the night to make sure he was safe and texted Mycroft the developments.
There were other times. Not that he had ever told anyone, not even Mycroft. He had tried being intimate with a boy at Uni before. It didn’t end well. They had both been high at the time, which they later blamed for being the reason why it went wrong. They boy had pushed Sherlock onto the bed and kissed him deeply. It was clear what he wanted and Sherlock didn’t mind. But as his trousers were pulled off, something inexplicable had happened. An almost ripping sensation at Sherlock’s sides. Two massive black- Things- had grabbed the other boy. He screamed and begged to be released. The masses didn’t want to let him go but finally relented after a few moments of the boy screaming. When he was, he grabbed his shirt and ran out the dormitory door at full speed.
Sherlock looked up at the beehive contained behind glass above him. “John… these past two years, they were the best years of my life. Meeting you, in your funny little way, you changed everything. The work- it still mattered, but it was no longer the only thing that mattered.”
His eyes subconsciously dropped as his shoulders slouched.
But had come home anyway.
“That’s before I knew you could make me a mute.” John narrowed his eyes in anger.
“How would you know? You’ve never asked before.” They shared a moment of appreciative silence until John pulled the detective back into the kitchen, sat him down, and began his morning ritual of making food he would try to force Sherlock to eat. “Something’s been bothering me.”
“Oh good, that was fast.” Lestrade stood from his desk to show the pair down to the morgue. “Good to see you John.”
As John tried to stand he fell back with a throbbing pain from his right ankle. The ambient light was just enough for the doctor to inspect it.
Moriarty huffed in annoyance and pressed his mouth firmly against Moran’s in attempts of opening it, vial dangerously close to Sebastian’s mouth. Refusing to open, Moran shoved Moriarty backwards. Stumbling backwards the liquid in the vial splashed up, a third of the contents entering his mouth.
“Asked you for a pint like ‘
Lestrade appeared twenty minutes later. "Ah, he sent her away because they had a case." Mycroft was pleased with his false deduction. He noted Lestrade seemed strangely out of place, his clothes less crisp then he usually wore them while on business.
“Well-“
John raised his eyebrow at the message. Was Sherlock implying something or was it in his head?
John chuckled, “It might be. I hope… I just really want this to go well ok? I… sort of haven’t met him yet.”
“Right. Time for a cuppa.” John quietly slipped out and headed for the kitchen hoping the previous night would be forgotten.
“Er, right.” John watched as Sherlock got awkwardly close to a corpse, bent over at an unusual angle.
A slender figure appeared at the edge of the fog slowly walking closer to them.
He was glad he was in the privacy of his small room or he would have been thoroughly embarrassed that he was smiling of all things about a friend request from someone he just met on an online game.
“W-what?” John had broken Sherlock’s train of thought.
“Here.” The disembodied voice whispered directly into his ear, breath ghosting across his skin, sending the doctor backwards into the counter top.
John blinked several times before continuing, “What are you talking about? Make him promise what?”
“Came to check on my brother and Dr. Watson.”
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched up a bit at that. When John had brought out the tea yesterday, there had been a strange almost strangled sound emitted through whatever way Mycroft was communicating to him. A desperate plea for Sherlock to join him.
John ducked his head inside the interior pocket, it was a very strange sensation to feel the fabric go slack around him, material dropping to the seat of the chair and an ominous buzzing from above.  He dared a look outside the pocket and saw a movement in the fabric near him. He instantly ducked down again.
-No one’s online gaming right now.-
It was only 11pm but John had over exerted himself mentally today. "Could you put me on the bed?"
Sherlock looked up to see a very large plexiglass box 5 feet above his head containing a beehive.
Lestrade walked past her, he didn’t come all this way to not look at a crime scene. He nodded for John to follow him. “I think its time you told me why you were coming here today.”
“It’s really fine. I’m not as incapable as you might think and not easily offended anyway.” Sherlock began wheeling himself down the street when he grimaced and stopped, his nose crinkling in obvious disgust. “My wheels are going to get dirty and I don’t have gloves.” He would have to invest in some if he went out like this with John again he thought. Sherlock looked up at him, batting his eyes a bit for effect. “Would you push me?”
Sherlock looked down, glad his blogger couldn’t see the pitiful expression on his face at that moment. “But you always say you aren’t gay.”
They were both a little red at that.
John went bright red, “That’s not for you!!” He huffed, finally detaching from the detective and regaining his footing. He had to remind himself again that there was no way Sherlock really knew what he was saying or doing.
“What was that?”
“Oh. Thank you…” She looked at the shoes thoughtfully; they really would look nice on her. When she looked back at John he was already halfway down the aisle and leaving quickly.
“What friend?” John looked genuinely confused for a moment. “Oh, uh, yea, Daniel. Er, hope he’s ok.”
"No? Hm, well that's doesn't explain the snoring in the cab then."
“The tiny person?” Mycroft wanted out of the flat before something fell on him.
“You can’t be serious.”
“What are you talking about? You told me to!”
“Well I was desperate and depressed last night! I could very well go out and find a new job before the rent is due.”
“When I am satisfied with how gay you are. Hello Sally!”
“Because I’m Sherlock bloody Holmes!” John mimicked. “And I have the biggest ego of all of mankind!”
-I wouldn’t know. But they’re probably not as bad as older brothers.-
“Listening to me?”
"Freak's here awfully early today."
“So you did it because you just wanted to?” ‘
Sherlock smiled; that was much better.
“Sh-Sherlock??” her voice was shaking along with her body.
Molly was glad she had opted for wearing flats, the soft padding on the bottom of the shoes allowed her foot steps to blend in with the rest of the city noises. It was a few blocks away that Maria stopped and opened the hatch of a garage door to a closed warehouse. Molly turned down an ally, waiting against the wall for them to go inside. She couldn’t get closer without being detected.
“There were security cameras everywhere but they didn’t catch anything!”
John looked at him with an expression Sherlock had a hard time reading.
It was a short walk to the lab and took the whole time before Molly recognized the thick now damaged fabric she was holding. “But… this is Sherlock’s?”
“It does more?!” John quickly obeyed, fascinated by the technology, and more then a bit aroused. “Holy mother of sex toys.” Not only did it wiggle, the actual size gyrated, enlarging and shrinking in girth. It was certainly specialty all right.
“We wouldn’t even let Sherlock keep up with the drugs to be fair.”
Lestrade didn’t like the way that had sounded in the least. John was doing something either dangerous or destroying the evidence of what he had been doing earlier. A moment later Lestrade had picked the lock and was inside.
"No, I checked profusely but he was defiantly not in the fire. But I don't see where he could have gone to."
Lestrade was not prepared for this. “Well, a bit yea. I mean, it was really short, just, yea.” His eyes darted across the room nervously. There was a good chance Mycroft already knew about his brother and John, but in case he didn’t, Lestrade had no idea how to tell him or in what way he would take the news.
As he busied himself with breakfast he could hear the shower coming on and was joined a few minutes later by a hastily dressed and wet haired Sherlock.
“Oh that. A few things, nothing important. Now I’ll test how much you will retain throughout the day.”
“I see. But you think I will be able to resist your attempt?” The doctor grinned.
“Just stop, what are you on about?” John stepped in front of the detective stopping him in his tracks.
“Very well then Gregory.” A long black car rounded the corner as they came down the stairs of the flat.
“Hmm.” He seemed more bemused now. “Go on.”
Harry looked at the man with an unusual look of caution. "John takes his phone everywhere. He's not forgetful in the least." She pushed her way past him. "Where is he? It's too early for him to have left already."
"I know, but well, we've been here all night, the sun's already up." Lestrade glanced at a near by window allowing the first few rays of daylight in the police station.
“What was that one for?”
“I’ll hold you to it.”
“You’re not still mad then?”
Chapter 3
“Fifteen minutes John! They probably heard that, get out of there.” Sherlock couldn’t see where the three tarantulas downstairs were hiding, which means they were in somewhere within the wooded rooms he couldn’t see into as well.
“You’ve a therapist too?”
Gregory let out a whimper and strangely felt as though more lubricant was suddenly soaking him. He paled at the realization. It wasn’t coming from those agile tentacle tips like the secretion Mycroft had forced him to drink. It was coming from himself.
“You said you forgave me.”
Mycroft held him close, never wanting to let go again. It was strange being mostly clothed still as he held a very naked Greg. Who had packed on quite a lot in the midsection at that. Mycroft subtly ran his hand over the little mound.
“What are you talking about? It’s coming, it’s going to kill us, don’t you dare leave me now!” John yelled out thunderously sending Sherlock back a bit.
“The dorms are pretty close to campus, I just walk.”
John barely registered the heavy steps leaving the flat.
"What on earth happened to him?" Harry was too shocked to address her brother directly.
John paused, looking back. Sherlock almost thought he had heard him for a moment. John ran his tongue nervously over his lip, “You- you wouldn’t mind would you?” his voice was a low whisper, not meant for anyone to hear. “I know this is horribly sentimental. You would have scoffed.” John stepped closer to the bed.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “I can have a life outside of you.”
“I’m not.” He sat down by his friend. “Believe it or not, I was always the tallest of my class until middle school.”
"What? Why do you assume this is my fault? Granted you're very technically right, but still!" Sherlock quickly came over, taking John out of Lestrade's clumsy hands. "And be careful with him."
John knew Sherlock had never been one to mind if the rent or bills were paid for or not and was always willing to lend him money, he even let John use his credit card for groceries. No, this wasn’t about the rent at all. Sherlock was simply punishing John for going back on his promise.
“B-boyfriend?” Molly stuttered leaving John even redder then before. “But John’s-…”
Mycroft eyed the purse that hung off Molly’s shoulder as if it were empty knowing there was no reason why someone would bring an empty purse with them. “I see, so you have John in there? Where’s Sherlock then?”
"Mycroft!" he nearly jumped out of his seat from the surprise. "It's sort of off for a reason…" his eyes shifted back to a steaming mad Grace.
“I forbid you from leaving me today!” Sherlock raced down the stairs. He knew he couldn’t get past that point.
Mycroft looked at him expectantly. ‘You want your proof?’ The voice hissed in Sherlock’s head. The detective looked skeptical.
Molly dumped the contents of the bag out shyly.
"Except for John that is." A small smirk found it's way to his lips before his eyes began darting about again. "That means he must have made it at least this far and he wasn't in the rest of the pipe. He should have known where he was once he exited the pipe so it shouldn't have been too hard to make it back to the front of the flat."
John finally looked up from the file and looked Lestrade in the eye. “It’s not of your concern. I’m not on drugs, I’m not hurting myself… I’m… happy. Just accept it and leave me to do what I want in private.”
“I’m a monster, Gregory. I’ve beaten you, I’ve,” His voice went exceptionally quiet, “Done unspeakable things to you.”
“John you know I never eat on cases, I have to-” Sherlock was abruptly cut off.
Chapter 12
. “About that… last night I mean.”
“This is torture! I can’t even move!”
“Hello?” Sherlock got no response. “Hmm, the clerk isn’t around and likely hasn’t been for several minutes now.” He reached in his pocket to pull out John.
John grumbled. “Damn it, just help me out will ya?” he was too embarrassed to ask when the detective had come back to the waking world.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Please Sherlock. Just stay?”
‘Oh,’ John thought, this was about Sherlock. That first day, after Sherlock had… he had spent the day at Greg’s place sobbing so hard that he could hardly remember anything that had happened. Greg had of course offered to let him spend the night, but for some reason he had insisted upon going home. He had felt drawn there even. Of course Greg had been worried, had been mourning on his own even. “That’s…” He wanted to say more then necessary, he really did. Besides, what if the DI thought he was utterly bonkers for thinking perhaps Sherlock might still be around? “That could be nice, actually.” John let out a breath he didn’t realize he had been holding. He had felt so impossibly lonely. He hadn’t been holding up at all.
Purely on principle alone, John threatened Sherlock and Lestrade with the possible consequences if they told anyone about his hobby, and that it was never to be discussed at Scotland Yard or while on a case.
"I knew what it did, but I wanted to find a reverse chemical before I used it. I'm not even sure if there is one…" his eyes unfocused again looking into a distant space.
“Erm, I think I’ll pass on the jam…” he was sure he still had some on his clothes and desperately wanted away from the smell after so many hours.
The boy with the pipe staggered to his feet, “Something attacked me!”
Sherlock looked like a sad kitten. “Oh Lock… give me that list.” John read over some of the ideas again with an uneven expression. In truth he did want revenge for the last experiment, but he didn’t want to be too cruel. “What’s this highlighted one? Placebo effect?”
One day Molly received an email from an unknown sender on beauty tips. They seemed to be specifically written out for her. She never told anyone about it, but she secretly cherished the email. A few days later she sent a long thank you letter saying that she had followed all of the advice and loved the results.
Sherlock subconsciously purred in his sleep, John couldn’t stand it anymore, he pressed a chaste kiss against the sleeping detective’s forehead.
It was fifteen minutes before John came rushing through the door of 221B. He knew it was not an emergency,
“Not really, been having a few late nights recently.”
Harry's smile returned as she stepped away from the detective circling the flat, her voice was much louder now. "So how much do you know about my little brother? I could always fill in a few blanks."
“Precisely. That’s why I have to, it’s perfectly safe, I’ll come right back.”
“Mycroft! There’s a man in the back room, ask him where John is!” Sherlock began ripping books off the shelves on the wall opposite of John, he couldn’t hear John shouting his name.
Sherlock furrowed his brow at that, what was Mycroft getting at?
You know no one could live inside a compute right? –
You could come here instead. -
Molly was very surprised to see the consulting detective on her porch, and even more surprised to hear he was taking care of his neighbor’s cat.
"You have to eat more then that Sherlock."
Sebastian went wide eyed and bit his lower lip. “…Boss?”
“So either our attacker is good at covering their trails or we have a caller who needs some checking up on.” Weather crazy or lying to waste police time.
"I thought you didn't get on with her."
Greg cupped one Mycroft’s cheeks with hand, his thumb gently stroking his cheek bone. “I wouldn’t mind, so long as we’re together in any sense of the word.”
He could see John give a nod as he stealthily entered the next room.
"I brought you this for now, I'll take you there later for something more fitting if you like. I don't know your um, current measurements." Sherlock placed a miniature outfit on the bed next to John. It looked like real clothing but made for doll. John quickly slipped into, already feeling much more comfortable that he at least had some dignity left. It was just simple brown pants and a dark green shirt.
‘Then die alone for all I care. But THAT is not happening.’ –SH
Before Donovan could see the approaching Lestrade and the miraculously living Sherlock Holmes she frowned at the dressed up patrons, “Damn freaks.”
For new readers: It may or may not be important to note that this story was written after season two and before season 3 aired. I had no knowledge of what season 3 or 4 would be about. So yea... a lot of crazy shit went down in those seasons. Ignore them.
Ah, not that romantic type I take it. –
Lestrade sat leaning over his desk peering at a map with small bullet points marked over it. Some were crossed off, locations officers had already gone to and cleared. There was just not enough evidence in this case. Harry could literally be anywhere, but he would do his best. He couldn’t let John down.
John grabbed the legs firmly, but not forcefully, bending down into them and straightening them out. He kissed just above the pants line as he pulled the trousers off, smiling quickly at Sherlock's moan. He could see Sherlock's wanton form inches away from his lips. John pressed against him, eliciting a low moan of pleasure he delighted in.
“It’s a specialty piece actually, new-- line.” Sherlock’s voice cracked as he saw the package, John’s hand inside, touching it.
Sherlock braces himself against the window, looking out at the people below and feels like an idiot. John is somewhere out there thinking he’s dead and avoiding the flat. Why hadn’t he planned for this? He should have known John would react like this, but then he was always so terrible with people, with sentiment.
shoes. He took a moment to think about his thick crude clothes, granted they were possibly the best
“There’s a funny little army doctor I’ve been having very strong feelings for too you know.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock swayed for a moment and fell into him a bit.
“Well, we should look to see if she had any friends that looked like the victim then.”
“Sherlock. What have you done this time?”
John had a tilted smile and shook his head fondly. How was Sherlock this bloody crazy and so amusing at once?
Lestrade blinked. “Excuse me?” It sounded like John was talking to himself.
“What?” he turned to see the dollhouse prematurely lit up, “Good. He’ll have to watch his pet burn to death before the bees then” The screen started to blur and had static line interrupting the feed. Moriarty’s eyes narrowed. “What is this? What the bloody hell is wrong with my screen?”
“Put him down!” Lestrade clenched his teeth tightly as he rounded the corner, “or I swear to god I’ll end you!”
Before John walked out Sherlock stopped him, “Be safe. I’ll be waiting.”
Greg struggled against the two limbs, the suction cups on his ankle grasping him hard enough to leave marks. An amused smile returned to Mycroft’s lips as he watched Greg fail. Another tentacle came out and gingerly took the pot, placing it gently back on the ground.
“Er, relatively yea I suppose.”
John thinks this is a rather silly question at first. “I dunno, a few, why?”
"Girlfriend? No, you're a lesbian. Recently divorced, you're not wearing the ring on your tanned finger. Still haven't cut your hair since the break up so you're taking it poorly. Alcoholic before or after the divorce? Hmm, must be before. So why are you here for John if you don't like men? Ah, you must be Harry!" Sherlock's tone had been cold and daunting until he deduced she was John's sister; which made him practically beam.
Sherlock and Lestrade jumped at the truly inappropriately high-pitched squeal.
“And presumptions about attractive men hitting on you.” Sherlock made a note.
Her voice was softer and mousy then ever, “I just wanted to thank you for everything really.” She pulled medium sized box out from under one of the empty cadaver tables and placed it on top.
Now it was John’s turn to look expectantly as he pointed to his mouth. Sherlock only smirked. “Lestrade texted while I was in the middle of trying a new command.”
“Gone.”
Chapter 1
John didn’t answer. He didn’t admit to himself until then that he had been trying to be Sherlock. He didn’t want to be him anymore though. Sherlock was still gone, but John Watson was still dead. He needed to be someone new.
Mycroft turned to evaluate the expression Lestrade was giving him. ‘
“You can’t even wear it.”
Countless nights John sat in his chair waiting for Sherlock to come home. Just walk right through the door with his coat billowing in the wind as he pulled his midnight blue scarf off and rattled off a million deductions he could hardly follow. But he knew that day would never come again.
John looked at the porn he was no longer paying attention to, that was the title. He immediately stopped it.
"I… I don't know." Sherlock's voice was so soft that Greg had to strain his ears to hear it.
He could hear the tell tale sounds of his flatmate waking up, ‘
“Call us. We’re leaving.” Sherlock turned without so much as a goodbye, already switching his focus to his phone.
John gingerly took the folder and flipped through it. “Husband was having an affair… didn’t kill her though.” He was still deducing the case as Lestrade noticed a single long pink hair on his shirt.
Moriarty quickly spun around to face his sniper, “Worry? You think I worry about anything?” his voice was cold but venomous.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, “Very well, come on then.”
John unceremoniously plopped his head down on the kitchen table next to his empty plate. He didn’t want to face Sherlock when he woke up that morning. ‘
“Debatable. But you also didn’t deny me being attractive.” Sherlock smiled and made another note.
John could practically hear his smug grin through the computer.
“What were you thinking!?” Lestrade broke the silence first.
Sherlock pulled out the notebook John now despised. “So no physical attraction in the least.” He made a note.
"Damn it. Fine. He's here isn't he?" Her voice lost all the seduction it had a moment before.
“Very well. This man seems to have bled to death, obvious from the numerous incisions all over the body. Ah, he’s a chemist, and seems to dabble in botany.” The room felt too quiet without someone to question how he knew this or exclaim ‘brilliant!’ The detective moved on to the second body and flashed a look towards his doctor who only continued his mad glare. “Poisoned.”
“Rude? That was practically a compliment. She could make an excellent sleuth.”
John crossed his arms and pouted, “I am NOT a doll!”
"Oi! You do when you're upset or not thinking straight, I've seen you do it."
Does it matter? –
Anthea shrugged.
“Oh fine, we can go if you’re really willing to wear that.”
“And?”
Seeing no better way to communicate his message without alerting his pocket guest, Sherlock pulled out his cell phone.
“It will always be you and me from now on.”
John smiled as he watched Sherlock’s expression, his previous worry gone. “How is it?”
“Who?” The question threw John off at first.
“Wind…” John attempted to explain. “I mean, it was just a stack of books, it was probably waiting to fall over at any second.”
The tentacle on Greg’s ankle stayed put as the other two grasped his wrists.
The back to normal
John’s hand found the doorknob again and grasped it. An electric jolt seemed to go through it and shock him. He let out a little yelp. Sherlock looked down and released the handle as he realized what happened.
Anderson huffed as he stomped off calling back, "have 'fun' taking care of him."
“Well, it seems most the tenants get scared out, usually around 3am.” John grabbed his laptop from one of the bags and immediately set it up. Perhaps that would calm his nerves. “Its when most people report- er,” He glanced at Greg who only looked at him expectantly. “Paranormal sightings.”
“Oh John, it’s fantastic! I can’t wait to investigate!”
-That’s not what people normally say-
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “Cabbie- you flunked out of high school, your wife thinks you’re not good enough for her and your kids despise you.”
‘You should come by.’ -MH
Lestrade attempted to rip his leg from whatever was grasping it, but the appendage only tightened its grip and yanked him back.
John’s eyes flashed towards Sherlock again. “Settle down.”
Sherlock was, however, back in the bedroom inspecting the closet. He couldn’t believe how dense the two of them were, the rope was clearly moved to under the bed. An impressive distance, he had to admit. It would be difficult at best to bring attention to it or its apparent importance without being able to touch it. There was a slightly more pressing matter however.
“The bedroom.” John whispered, trying his best to peer out the kitchen and into the hallway.
“It may be a few days before its passed,” John idly washed the dishes as Sherlock stewed in misery at the kitchen table, grunting in response.
“Nothing.” Sherlock slunk his shoulders down and tried to make his face emotionless, John could still see the hint of annoyance.
"You were concussed." Sherlock brought his hands up John's waist inside his shirt, it felt electric to John who ran his fingers into the taller man's hair. "Very lucky." He spoke between kisses, "Fell on a pile of newspapers, broke your fall." He pulled back briefly to look at John's face, "Thought I lost you twice in one day." Pale hands caressed the doctor's cheeks.
I’ll take that as a yes. What’s the address? –
John recognized the waiter, Sherlock and he frequented this place, “Yup, my date is a tad late.”
“Sherlock… if this is really you, not just a dream, we need to work out a better way of communicating.”
"Sherlock?" there was no response.
Chapter 5
"I know, I know… we'll find this kid."
“Paranormal-”
The old man didn’t seem too pleased, but he stepped aside to let his visitor inside. “Alright.”
A low chuckle came, one that John couldn’t recognize. “Lost your conduit?” The inky smear of a person faded into nothing at those words.
“Lesbian based on the art in the house.”
John’s brow scrunched up, “Why would, I mean, I suppose it doesn’t really matter, but that one was just so close to,” where he died. But he couldn’t say those words. Not yet.
The detective knew he only had a few hours left before he no longer had his ears and tail and he was planning to make the most of it. John lowered his newspaper slightly to catch his flatmate stealing bites of his breakfast like he often did. Sherlock’s ears tweaked at the sound of the paper shuffling.
Sherlock lay beside him, concentrating hard on not being cold. John suddenly relaxed into the bed. Curious, Sherlock lightly touched John’s chest. He was much warmer now. Sherlock smiled, it was a simple matter of which form he was converting energy from.
Lestrade looked about nervously, “Uh, yea, you know John’s blog right?” his mind raced, surely Mycroft must know about it. “You know, where he writes about all of their cases?”
“Oh… OH.” Shit. John had forgotten it worked by being plugged in. What the hell was he supposed to do? Whenever he turned his computer on, skype would come up and Sherlock was almost always online. He hadn’t planned it like that had he? No, that couldn’t be it. Why would he anticipate something as strange as that? Perhaps he could just sign out of skype and pretend to be busy, which to be fair was an accurate statement.
“That would be perfect! I really cant thank you enough. I’m sort of too afraid to stay there myself…” Daniel ate another biscuit. “I couldn’t possibly handle the stress. In those creepy rooms, all alone, waiting for any strange noise to occur knowing that everyone else has left in what seemed like terror. Maybe it’s even some crazed psycho by sounds of that witness today. Maybe’s he’s even waiting to-”
"What? Look at what? Oh! The phone?" he was overly nonchalant.
Sherlock sighed, “It’s just Lestrade and frankly I worked very hard not to be able to show you off.”
I know you cant. –
“You’re… keeping it then?” there was a hint of hope in his voice.
"So the killer has a type?"
Mycroft blinked a few times before standing up, “Sorry… bit shocked truthfully.”
“Hurry mate, no offence but I gotta check up on you.”
________________________________________
John cringed, Sherlock wouldn’t appreciate that one. “He’s really not that bad…”
“Sit still! I’m almost done.”
Sherlock laid the file and it’s contents out on the coffee table.
“Harry is too important to kill right away, she went missing to gain our attention. That means she’s likely still alive. But why now? John- think! If no one has seen you in several days then there’s no reason for things to have changed if the killer is goading us, so it must be someone aware of our situation.”
There was a relieved sigh, “Goodnight John.”
Lestrade shook his head, it was strange already getting use to their small antics. “Gonna go put on something dryer then this.” He walked out.
‘Have your way with him and leave me the hell alone. I don’t even want to know what jump of logic you were trying to make, but I will do us both the favor of forgetting you ever said it.’ –SH
John looked at him with a stern face, confusing the on looking Lestrade and Molly.
I feel bad about that scene a few chapters back where Molly was crying... I want to make up for it. So next chapter she will have a bigger role :3
Greg shrugged, far too casually at that. “And then we split up.”
Been out for a few days with the flu, I’m still feeling very feverish and I’m not sure when I’ll be up for leaving the flat again. Sherlock’s still working on cases of course and has been surprisingly helpful at taking care of me while I’m ill.
“I was hoping I could make it worth your while to buy him beforehand.” The voice outside the door sounded firm.
Couldn’t you take it to a store for repairs? –JW
Good morning. –SH
“John- don’t interrupt. You have been slowly mentioning Sherlock more and more, and no one else. You use to come in quietly, smiling at the receptionist in the hall, even engaged in small talk. But lately you act as if it’s all beneath you. You talk about Sherlock’s work as if it’s your work and how inferior everyone is to Sherlock’s logic. The past few sessions you say they are even beneath your logic. You’re shutting the world out John, it’s very concerning.”
“What?! No! No… not, sort of, but no.”
John bolts from the bed, running past Sherlock and down the stairs.
John’s brow furrowed. “But… Mycroft thought it might?”
"Oh Sherlock! I didn't know you where in here, I didn't mean to surprise you." She had noticed his sudden action in dropping the phone as she came in. "Mind if I use the microscope?" Before letting Sherlock answer she had moved very close to him. Her eyes naturally gazed down as the cell phone; the screen was still lit up with the conversation on it.
It wasn’t the nicest thing to do, but John was sick and tired of being the butt of Sherlock’s sick sense of humor, even if by technicality John had allowed it. He already knew the effects of the grey liquid still sitting on the counter, he had been proven safe and would wear off in a few days.
Why though? –
John caught himself making two cups of tea by mistake, one had been intended for Sherlock. He sighed and pushed it aside on the counter. He didn’t want to fuss with cleaning it now anyway.
Do you require assistance?- MH
“You seem to have a very limited attention span this morning,”
“Well anyway, as I have previously informed you, it looks like John isn’t fit to go out with you at the moment.” The corner of his mouth curled up as the doctor stepped into his palm and sat.
“Ok… lets think about this logically then…” John knew that there wasn’t exactly a ‘science of ghosts’ handbook they could reference. “The lamp went out earlier before you moved the table, did you use the lamp to do that? Well… the instructions said we have to put our hand on this pointer thing and the more people touching it the better. Maybe… could you use us to move it?”
“Yea… I think it’s a form of sarcasm…”
“I’m not-“ Sherlock groaned. How could possibly explain this to John? A medical professional at that? “They’re not wounds. I didn’t get cut.”
“Does that… hurt?” John watched Sherlock’s face carefully.
John was sure not only his face but his whole body had gone red the second Sherlock said that before being put back into the pocket. Lestrade debated whether he had heard wrong, Sherlock was being stranger then normal, or if he really had just caught something eye popping.
“Well I can’t exactly use a spoon.” John smiled back before looking down at his hands and frowning. “I didn’t plan this out well.”
"I do not nap in your pocket."
“Already trying to get my shirt off? Really Inspector Detective, you should at least offer me a glass of wine first. He cocked his head curiously, watching Greg’s every little movement.
Sherlock was silent and his eyes remained looking off towards the wall at nothing in particular.
-What do people normally say?-
"There might have been a small fire." Sherlock turned his face away from Greg's.
A knock from the front door diverted his attention. His elderly captor hustled out of another room and spied out the peep hole before opening it. John leaned against the edge of the glass but the outside of the door was still blocked from his view.
“John, hurry up, I’m shaking and there’s no way people are so unobservant they wont see the floating water in my hair.”
"Him!?"
“I’ve already told you- It’s not your business. I don’t need you spying on me and reporting back to Mycroft! I’ve really had enough of it!”
"Do you think you could, uh, text her for me? Ask if she is okay I mean."
A few minutes later Sherlock returned with a bowl of chicken soup and a smile. He pulled his chair close to John’s and leaned in uncomfortably close too him with a spoon of the soup in hand.
"What's this?" His voice was still shaky.
John sighed and shook his head. “I never doubted you.”
“No one’s seen him in months.”
“Oh shut up, you know what I mean. I want out of this damned chair.”
“No. He’s- We’re fine.”
Sherlock rarely found people who wanted to team up with him, and even rarer did he find people that he wanted in his party.
The shorter man eyed him uncertain, ‘
Sherlock frowned and brought his second hand up as a protective barrier around John, “Well you can see clearly that it’s not, now if you don’t mind we would both like to go home.”
“Right. So if you don’t mind, could you uh, get me some more?”
‘I thought you hated texting.’ –SH
On Thursday a medium sized package was delivered to 221B. It was the first package in a very long time. Lestrade knew John was up to something. That night he followed him as John left with a gym bag in a cab. He was surprised when the cab actually did stop at a gym, he didn’t want to risk going inside though, he knew logically John had likely just decided to start working out.
"John? Feeling better?" the baritone voice seized him at one.
Sherlock had run out of deductions about the body from the lake house, there was simply nothing left to deduce about it. He had let go of John who remained silent and solemn where he sat on the counter. Sherlock stood and raised his hands so the palms touched just under his chin in his preferred thinking pose.
“I… I’m not leaving you John. Just calm down, this isn’t real, it’s a dream.” A nightmare really.
The symphony’s music sped up towards the end, John didn’t recognize the sounds that were coming out of him as he lost himself so far in the ecstasy that he no longer cared that Sherlock was causing the best part.
“You do realize I don’t exactly have your
John couldn’t help but notice that Sherlock was exceptionally fidgety the following morning. He seemed to be keeping tabs on the storm at every chance he could possibly get, though he refused to let John open the curtain.
“Of course… but why did you, you know? Do it to yourself?”
“It’s fine, there’s really no other reason someone would want to learn this sort of thing so quickly, unless you’re trying to get government files.” She giggled.
Sherlock had been avoiding fully looking at John until now, he knew his tiny flatmate would be enraged if he stared at him while he was in the buff. But now he crouched down with his face level to the bed.
Then he tried being Sherlock.
Greg had waited several minutes and even knocked two additional times, but there was no answer. He tried calling, but of course, Mycroft never picked up and the phone merely went to voicemail.
Greg spluttered, “What?-  When? How?”
Until Sherlock woke him up.
John grabbed the waist of Sherlock’s pants and pulled him closer, “Actually I don’t think I mind.”
John leaned his chair back a bit, noticing it was still raining outside. “Yea, he’s being strange, ever since Mycroft came over yesterday-”
“There, that’s much better. Now I can tell you all about those bodies, and don’t worry, I know I’m brilliant, you can tell me later.”
He sighed.
Sherlock side stepped the two, taking Lestrade by the shoulder. "Previous victims?"
"Irrelevant. Make something up, tell her the truth, unimportant." He crouched to peer down at the torn up floor boards again, straining his eyes to see as far as possible. A sliver of metal caught his eye and he forced his body even closer to the floor to see it better. The metal seemed somewhat new, that meant the pipe had been replaced relatively recently. "Of course!"
“Three minutes.” Sherlock breathed barely loud enough for John to hear. He could tell the detective had already given up on surviving. “When you’re free, leave at once. Try to find Mycroft, he’ll…. He might be able to help you.”
“Now you know how I feel when you experiment on me.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened as his pupils dilated, “John I- what- I don’t understand.”
“John, you should know as a medical professional there is ‘no cure’ for being gay.” the deep baritone voice had John glad he could chalk his thoughts up to the pill in the end.
“Who said that!? I demand to know who dare say that to my friend!” his voice sounded hot on the tip of his tongue.
“You know entirely too much about manicures.”
Come over as soon as you can. JW
Harry was still suspicious the lanky man was helping her brother hide from her, but she couldn't help but smile at this. "He is my
“Good. Now… lets see. You were wearing a smashing blue over shirt a few days ago, brings your eyes and hair out. Go with that.”
Chapter 12
John blinked rapidly a few times. Sherlock never once talked about going outside in all the time they had talked. He bought everything online and had it shipped, took online classes, ate home made meals on the rare occasion he felt like eating, or had something delivered. A small fear started to grip him, what if Sherlock was agoraphobic? It was a highly disconcerting thought, but it wasn’t something that would make him shy away. If Sherlock was, he was going to help him out, they would be able to get through it together.
Sherlock smirked, “That’s what you said two months ago when you woke up with some strange woman in your bed.” He tossed a bottle of aspirin on the bed and returned a moment later with a glass of water, slipping back under the sheets.
"It doesn't matter."
Sherlock had the same thought. They could both clearly see where his shirt was fluttering beneath the water. It had felt like a deep laceration to John, but there was no blood. Had he cut himself on the glass earlier? His shirt certainly wasn’t torn.
“Shit, Sherlock, must be vertigo…” He looked back at the night stand but saw now that the glass he had left for Sherlock had apparently broke. “Stay here, I’ll get you something to drink. I’ll be right back.” He smoothed down Sherlock’s hair for a moment in a calming way before reluctantly tearing himself away to grab a new glass.
“Oh? Anything interesting?” John couldn’t help but to think Sherlock’s expression looked down right mischievous.
“I have him!”
He decided to just quickly grab the items requested and go.
Lestrade hesitated and looked at the ground, John immediately noticed the odd reaction. “They’re just protesters.”
Probably isn’t the same as never. –
“Naïve too.” She tried to scoop John up again, “It’s a sin to be with him, I’m trying to help you, why can’t you see that?” When John dodged her hands again she got fed up and grabbed him, clenching her fist around his small form. “Stay still! I don’t want to have to hurt you John, this is for your own good!”
Sherlock’s eyes instantly went wide, “J-JOHN! Stop!” he nearly fell before John quickly caught him, righting his position on the couch. Sherlock’s face instantly went red.
Sherlock looked back up, perplexed. Clearly she was just mistaken.
Sherlock stiffened. In his search of the flat one thing struck him as odd. The kitchen had no knives, the letter opener was gone, and even scissors seemed to be missing. “John tried to…” The worst flashed across his mind.
John immediately stood, he told himself he did it of his own free will. Maybe he really had, though he wasn’t honestly sure.
The novelty of being twelve centimeters tall was quickly wearing off. John was over the solitude of being in a musty pocket, of having the only people who saw him stair intently at him comparing his size to near by household objects, and even having his flatmate's over compensating attention.
“God I’m glad that’s over.”
There was an audible grunt.
“Over the Novelty”
I apologize but we can no longer see each other. –SH
Sherlock was frantic, he saw no signs of tiny doctor. "John?!" his voice echoed softly up the pipe.
“Why can’t you find a friend you know in real life to play it with you? During the day of course.”
The detective smiled faintly. “You’re drunk and don’t know what you’re saying.” He turned to leave but was stopped by a tug on his tail.
“Hmm, he said that?”
:) You can just call me John since we’re texting now. What does ‘SH’ mean?
John sighed and grabbed his chair to sit and face Sherlock. “Are you going to tell me what the hell is going on? What your idiot of a brother wants?”
“Um, sorry, I should just check that.” Molly’s chain of questions were beginning to fall flat and she wondered if Sherlock was trying to tell her to just drop the interview already. She looked confusedly at the tiny detective until he pointed frustratingly at the phone were his message was.
“At least do that thing were you sound like you’re talking to me.” Sherlock almost thought that might work. They had had so many almost conversations, John talking to himself with Sherlock responding.
The man suddenly lifted the jar making John extremely nauseous from the movement. "You put me down this instant!" he grabbed his stomach to keep from vomiting.
Molly's eyes rolled back and she fell over. "She's fainted."
It didn’t take him long to get there and Mrs Hudson was more then happy to unlock the door for him. He didn’t have much time to look around before and he knew Mycroft would likely be pestering him about anything concerning in the flat. But John had actually seemed… surprisingly well. He certainly wasn’t holed up and unwilling to come out at least. He would be ok, he was sure of it.
“There’s no reason to think it was a prank.” Lestrade wasn’t sure what to make of this yet, but he also wasn’t going to throw in the towel like Donovan clearly already had.
It was the same message he put up nearly every night, just looking for a group mission to kill time before he had to go to sleep and start his school day all over again.
“This would be a good time to ya know. Privacy and all that.”
I seem to be having a rather unusual problem in one of the flats I rent out. I cant seem to get any of my tenants to stay for more then a week, but when I ask why they leave they refuse to say. They don’t even refuse to pay the rent, but I’m running out of potential tenants. I was hoping you two could help me out?
I hope to god you haven’t invented a new accommodating way to do it either.-GL
“I’ll do it ok?”
Mr Rogers,
“Ella?” John leaned through the door before entering, “I brought someone with me today, is that alright?”
“Oi, what’s this bloke doing in here?”
‘Perhaps just a series of commends I could implement later? Ah! That would be most convenient.’
"It's ok." John kissed Sherlock's kneecap through his pants, hands lightly cupping his leg.
Sherlock smiles at him, “Like you really doubted for a second that I didn’t have something planned?”
“Not every time there’s a storm?” That actually would be absurd, Sherlock was right.
Molly was awestruck “That’s amazing! I mean… wont he be mad though?”
“Die.” John helped out, the word sticking in his throat.
The old man laughed, “It’s not everyday you come across something like this, it’s worth a fortune at least!”
“How am I supposed to eat? And what about my date tonight?”
“Right, so, he was hiring you guys for a case or something?” He didn’t want to force John to say Sherlock had died. He didn’t need to hear it again himself.
“I can assure you that’s not the problem,” John poured two cups, feeling sorry for the man before guiding him back to the front room.
“I will reward you with jam.”
John pushed the envelope out, landing close to Sherlock who started opening it, and he climbed down out of the pocket to join him. Sherlock was already half dressed when he got there.
“The man sounds absolutely infuriating. You have even said he is yourself. Why do go so far out of your way to bend for what he wants?”
________________________________________
"You like it. Besides, you've nothing better to do today."
"Greg already knows, so you might as well take me out so I can breath." A muffled voice from Sherlock's pocket called out.
“Sherlock!!?”
They circled the flat again, but to no avail. Oddly, they didn’t locate the rope either. Lestrade had a bad feeling starting to sink in.
“Starving.”
“It has to be real, please Sherlock, I need this to be real. If it’s not real, then you’re not here…” John had crumpled to his knees on the floor, Sherlock immediately went to his aid.
“Oh, right. You weren’t home when I was skyping you that day.”
“No spiders big enough for you I’m afraid, but I heard you were fond of bees. So I got you a whole hive of them timed to be opened in 30 minutes.”
Sherlock bolted upright. John hadn’t noticed the sound. He seemed to be idly fiddling with his phone. Had someone come in when he wasn’t paying attention? No, that made no sense. John should have responded. No one should have heard him anyway, not if John still couldn’t hear him.
“So full, just for me.” Mycroft whispered. He let his hands cup Lestrade’s rather inflated sides.
What Do You Want?
Harry sat unconscious tied to a chair, her head and shoulder’s leaning forward awkwardly. The pounding in her head became too much, her eyes fluttered open. She was immediately aware of the streaking pain in her left arm and hardening dampness on her skin and clothes- she knew without looking that it was blood. The sickening smell of iron filled her nostrils.
“This is idiotic! What is the point of all this?” He could tell John was alert and nervous, but he could see why yet.
“Ah, Lestrade is your therapist then? The one you’re supposed to see tomorrow?”
“No, no, I am not going to start thinking like that.”
"My you sell out fast. But yes, for instance, did you know John had…"
“What are you-?” John’s voice trailed off.
"I guess he's done playing hide and seek." Sherlock walked to the mantle picking something up behind a skull.
Sherlock's point of view, the secret revealed.
The old man looked up confused.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide “What!? Why are you not out looking for him? God… one of Moriarty’s men? He could be dead… he could have been tortured… This is my fault…”
“Its nothing. I’m fine.”
Sherlock only frowned, “Off to enjoy your date with Lestrade…”
“Oh don’t play games, you saw it… I don’t know what I was thinking…”
Molly lightly swatted the purse. Sherlock looked up to see a short, homely, middle-aged woman approaching the small table. He immediately focused all of his attention on the woman, waiting for her to let anything slip.
“Good, you’re here. I need you to figure out what went down here.” Lestrade gestured to a dead body sitting behind the wheel of a car.
people. But John was special.
John dressed, still worried about his appearance and took far longer then average fussing over his hair.
“Hey there, out late old man, shouldn’t cha be inside stead of the cold?”
“Really? That’s… huh.” He approached his friend and pulled the blanket off him, analyzing his form.
“Look, I’m sorry.”
“The cab?” He scrunched his eyebrows in confusion
You’re using it aren’t you?
“Lost something?” Greg peered about as well, not sure what John was looking for.
“Jim- he thought he had the upper hand, but Sherlock knew that he could get away if he were… to…”
Having a 'minor position in the government' affords Mycroft something his little brother doesn't have, discretion. He was better at hiding it of course, but in private, and especially if he was already having an off day, Mycroft could be every bit as socially awkward as his brother often was, and to be fair, it was of great importance to find the D.I. and get him back to Scotland Yard.
John grabbed him by the overly slim waist. “I’m sorry, I really am. Of course I love you. I love you with every bone in my body.”
Chapter 9
“I made Sherlock swear to me that he would tell you he was alright as soon as he could. He promised he would, that he knew you would be mad and he deserved to be yelled at, but that it would only be an hour- two at most before you found out. It was the only reason I didn’t call to warn you first. John, I’m so sorry! I should have stopped him! There must have been another way.”
“It’s impossible to ‘know’ that.”
Not that he particularly liked putting on dresses in the loo or doing his make up there. Most people never looked his way twice, an advantage of being short.
“I would never consider making you do something like that. I’m not even sure if you would be a proper test subject for it anyway. Some people are more susceptible to hypnotism then others.”
He pushed his way past her as Sherlock followed his stride off the premises.
"What? Where is he? Was that from a speaker?" Harry seemed truly perplexed as the detective gestured her to sit down while he cupped his hands around something small.
Woops, sorry about that! Just meant it in good fun, John will be back to his regular self right?- GL
“John-“ John wondered why his therapist started so many sentences by stating his name first. It just seemed so utterly redundant, who else could she possibly be talking to if they were alone in the room? “John- I know that you have essentially cured the psychosomatic limp in your leg and the tremor in your hand is significantly better, but I think you starting to obsess a bit.”
“I don’t know,” Sherlock whispered, tongue jetting out just a bit over John’s skin.
“What am I suppose to do now?” John’s voice was barely above a whisper. “You saved me…”
John had been held after class that day when his teacher noticed he was struggling with some of the simpler math problems.
"Anderson, I will suspend you if you ever say something like that again," Lestrade shot him a look.
“Wait! Before you do! I am… so sorry… I didn’t think that…”
“I’m sorry- what?”
Chapter 4
“What?” John stepped close to the computer and flicked his mouse so the screen would light up. “Are you saying what I think you’re saying?”
But then he quickly lost sigh of him again, had he slid under the spider?
"Sherlock! Stay focused!"
Lestrade took her arm and helped her stand. “Yes, you really just saw Sherlock and John.”
“One for every centimeter? Fair enough, I accept.” Even John could tell there was something off, that whoever this was didn’t intend to actually pay that much money.
The polish remover was of course in the beauty section, an isle John had never ventured down since he was a young boy being dragged by his sister.
“Bloody- bastard-“ John was was near breathless, did Sherlock know what he was doing to him?
Cuppa
John could feel his fist unconsciously clench, “He’s not why I play the game… it’s just more fun to play with him.” He could feel his phone vibrate in his pocket, it drove him crazy not knowing who the text was from or what he said, but he had to restrain himself.
“Open.”
"Change sir?"
Yet there was John, not laughing, not leaving him, just watching with a gut turning look of sympathy on his face. “ I told you to stop looking at me like that.”
That was when he saw it.
John huffed. “Fine. But it’s only until I’m back to normal.”
John licked his lower lip,
"Yea. It's not official really, but I've moved on. I'm happy now."
“Freak in his signature hat eh? Must be hiding something, havin’ a bad hair day?” Sally teased as the pair passed her.
“You haven’t seen him then? Just phone calls?”
One day he wore all black and even went as far as painting his nails black as well. It didn’t work in the least… well, not all of it.
“John, hang on, I’m calling an ambulance.”
Greg dropped the duffle bag, his pack of cigarettes falling to the ground and spilling everywhere as well. “Bloody hell… I swear to god Sherlock- if you- if you’re still fucking here-”
John swallowed, Sherlock just wanted to be closer to him, surely. He carefully warped a hand around his waist and put the other under Sherlock's legs as he lifted him onto the mattress. Sherlock leaned forward to take of his shoes and let them drop to the floor, despite the tread having never been used and couldn't possibly have a bit of dirt on them. He looked up with hooded eyes, partially obscured from a few loose locks of black curls.
“Lock? You still up?” he saw his still shorter flatmate sitting on the edge of the couch, elbows on his knees and hands supporting his head. He looked depressed with his violin next to him.
Maria’s phone buzzed in her pocket.
Sherlock beamed, “Very satisfied.”
“Hey, I was thinking we could watch a movie or something on your laptop- John?” Greg’s brow furrowed.
John stretched his back overly dramatically for affect and cracked his knuckles against the speaker before typing furiously. Sherlock didn’t need to believe him, in fact, it made it more fun this way. It wasn’t long before Sherlock’s screen was overlaying his own and he could see what he was up to. A small image of himself on camera was in the corner, he smiled briefly at his devious plot to get revenge for the time Sherlock had hacked his computer, even if all he would see was a few boring reddit articles. His eyes navigated over to the main part of the screen that Sherlock seemed to be focusing so intently on.
"Damn it, I can't possibly cancel on her again! Last week I was on a stake out with you that you promised wouldn't last more then four hours-"
“Really John, do you have that low of an opinion of me? I am offended. Besides, you climbed into bed with me last night, not the other way around.” He continued stealing bites off John’s plate as the blogger tried his best not to blush.
Ella caught the lapse in speech, “It’s the only time when what?”
“Bit of an odd gift, but yes, I suppose I am. If that’s alright with you of course.”
“For Molly, but we can’t reveal our location, Moriarty could have eyes anywhere.”
John thought as he realized the answer.
“Mycroft, I have had enough of your antics! You can’t keep me imprisoned here anymore! I know you think I’m your responsibility since the… accident, but I’m not!”
Sherlock smiled as John pushed him to the door that was so clearly his. There were scratch marks around the keyhole where John would get home late and tired, too out of it to get the key in the hole right the first time. Smudges at the bottom where the door had been kicked open, likely as John was attempting to get inside while carrying something heavy like boxes or groceries.
John was sick. He was really and truly incredibly sick. It was the first time he missed a class, feeling bloody awful as he lay motionless in bed. He watched his computer sitting on his desk idly, it wasn’t as if gaming could worsen his health. He would still be inside where it’s warm and could always stop and rest if he needed it. As soon as he sat up in bed and swung his legs over the edge the weight of his fever hit him. His muscles felt terribly weak and he could tell he would be able to support his own weight if he stood.
Sherlock’s arms tightened around him, “Thank you John. I don’t deserve you.”
“Better then wanting to be a pirate I suppose.”
“Of course I know of it, boring read really, not sure why people read it. Besides, he just posts things I already know about anyway. You’re acting as though this new ‘
John chuckled, “We’ll just have to find lunch somewhere else then, what type of food do you like?”
"Oh shush." John kissed the brim of his scowling detective's nose.
A beep came from his computer that had been set on sleep mode. Jolting out of his thoughts, John left the plain brown box where it sat on his bed and jumped into his swivel chair.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes “You can stop dilating your pupils and ogling at my boyfriend any time now.”
“You incessantly complain when I don’t give you enough time during cases to eat, so eat.” He waited patiently with his spoon until John reluctantly opened his mouth. Sherlock happily thrust the spoon in.
“Very… that’s all you remember?”
John cocked an eyebrow “Giving me a compliment eh?”
Lestrade's gaze dropped, "So you really did lose him then?"
"It would appear so. Oh, and also you're naked if you weren't already aware."
There’s been a development in the case, I need you down at Scotland yard as soon as possible.- GL
But all his time watching videos on applying mascara, cursing himself for being how he was, and telling himself he can do what ever he damn well please didn’t prepare John for this moment.
Sorry about posting this late! Hopefully the length will make up for that.
They texted all day long until John was settling into bed, phone still in hand.
Molly nodded again. “He didn’t plan on dying though…” her voice was barely above a whisper. “He had it all planned out, there were… risks, but the chance of success was more then in his favor.”
John rolled his eyes, starting to get rather annoyed by this dismissive behavior. “But I would prefer it if you stayed here, if I have any say in it.”
“Lovely isn’t she? There’s six Goliath Birdeaters in there. So that makes five more that haven’t been fed in some time now. Oh! And how could I forget! You get to play along too! Just look above you.”
“Good, well, I best catch a cab then.”
“I really don’t like the idea of you messing with my mind, I’m not exactly the poster boy for mental health to begin with.”
Lestrade was surprised to see Mycroft was still in the flat sitting in a chair with his umbrella by the time he had arrived with forensics.
“Sort of?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
Sally immediately grabbed at his dress and perfectly styled powder blue wig. In seconds it had become an all out cat fight.
Sherlock glanced down at his broken discarded phone that still lay where John had put it on the coffee table, and had done everything in his power to not look at since then. Sherlock wasn’t sure why he had kept the thing if it seemed to be causing him pain. He reached out to attempt to move it even though it was larger then the pens and buttons he had been practicing with, it moved, if only slightly, but was far easier to interact with then the previous items. He hummed in curiously at it, his fingers swiping over the front when the screen curiously came on when he was sure it had been broken. Did it only work for him now? The screen lit up with missed texts.
“mmhm?”
He took a moment to take in his surroundings; someone had obviously moved the jar when he was asleep. John now sat on the edge of a shelf able to view the cluttered room with more ease. What appeared to be the front door of the residence was in clear view “It shouldn’t be too hard to get through that, but it’s a long drop down and I’m still in this damn jar.” John bit down lightly on his bottom lip.
Knowing how fast these things could move he ran for it without thinking twice. He got damn lucky twice on speed, he didn’t think he could do it a third time. Post still in hand he ran through three rooms without thinking. He just wanted the hell away from the thing that was likely chasing him and to find a weak point in the floor to make his escape. Clearly Moriarty didn’t plan for him to get this far. Both geniuses seemed to never give him the credit he deserved. Foolishly he ran right into another tarantula that hadn’t registered him yet. He quickly drove the post through it’s head causing eye juice to get on him. This was definitely the worst day of his life now and he would have gladly been shot again in Afghanistan if it meant not being here now.
John had to stand on his toes to reach those cupid bow lips and force himself on them, which was always worth it. “I’m not going anywhere love.”
!” she put an emphasis on the word boyfriend.
Sherlock scoffed, “Of course I do John. People are so simple minded that they do idiotic things and then have the audacity to claim they couldn’t control their actions.”
“Not Without You.”
Mycroft tightened his grip on his umbrella handle, they were nearing 221b. “and you plan on turning him back when?”
Sherlock blinked, “I see…” He put the images into a folder and brought out a second folder. “Let’s try something different then.” He pulled out the first image and showed it to John.
Sherlock sat at the table looking at a blank newspaper. The front was scribbled with odd symbols that were definitely not words with nothing at all on the interior pages. “Hm… nothing, I can’t eat.”
Sherlock's mind spun, he hadn't an idea what she meant by that.
“Alright, but I’m telling you now, most girls just aren’t impressed by that sort of thing, just me.” Molly sat at a computer in the student lounge and started showing John the basics, not sure if he would catch on or not.
too loud?”
“You really are getting use to this. Alright, half an hour and I’ll come get you.”
He heard footsteps hurriedly approaching him.
The detective didn’t respond. He was busy huffing at new message he had received. John attempted to hail a cab as he looked down to see what it said. But as he looked back up, a black car had approached.
“You’re gay now.”
“Um- right? Ok? I’ll come back in a bit then.”
John was rather red himself. He seriously hoped he was mistaken, but that moan was down right sexual and he found himself shifting awkwardly from their close approximation. “I didn’t realize- I wasn’t trying to-”
The package did not contain a pill subscription. The only logical explanation was that it was the parcel Sherlock had warned him not to open.
"Yea, it has." Lestrade forked the food around on his place, unable to eat.
Sherlock didn’t have time for this. John was panicking and- no? John had stopped? The detective tried the handle, but it barely moved. “Shit.”
“I do not-“ Sherlock stopped when he saw the look in John’s eyes. “Not just them.”
“You know that’s not fair. I have just as much right to have a little pet of my own.” He smiled and motioned for Sherlock to take a seat,
, holding and even kissing Sherlock. His Sherlock. His boyfriend. “Why the smile love?”
John's heart plummeted. "I'm stuck like this?!"
“You custom ordered an exact replica of your suit, coat, and bloody hell, that’s a miniature blue scarf you prat,”
“He’s probably laughing at us right now… come on Lock, I know you love having people listen to you.”
“You could not logically expect me to go after that… it was pink Mycroft! And I should hardly think I did this just to avoid Mummy.”
Sherlock put his hands up in his classic thinking pose “Now that Moriarty know about
“What are you talking about?” The doctor still sat in the plush comfort of the blue scarf watching Sherlock mix various chemicals at the kitchen table.
“And another thing- what? Did you just say-?”
“I wouldn’t. I know I was distant… but I want you here now.” Sherlock inhaled sharply, even though he knew logically he didn’t need to breath, it was just instinct. “I don’t want to be alone.”
"It was massive! The biggest rat I have ever seen right at my feet!" Sherlock crouched to the floor to see where it had gone to no avail. "John? You alright?"
"John? Where are you?"
“I told you, it’s a blind experiment I can’t just tell you.” He brought his hands up to his thinking position and took in the perplexed expression on his friends face. “You did allow me to do this after all.”
John had tried his very best to quietly sneak by her and Anderson, though he highly doubted they would have the brain power to recognize him. But hearing that word, that one word that had made him cringe so many times before when she had said, he couldn’t take it anymore. John hit her square in the nose. He was very proud of himself.
There was a sleepy “Mhm.” As response.
Sherlock sat watching crap telly, yelling abuse at it to rid the flat of silence. John perched himself on the arm of the couch and watched as well. But when the cat could no longer hold still for a few minutes at a time to scratch or bite himself Sherlock held him down and inspected his fur.
John sighed, “You’re telling me?”
“You’ve really gone too far on this one.” He looked down worriedly at the mug. “I’m going to leave one of these days.”
John threw a blanket over his mostly naked boyfriend and went to the window. "Went out, about an hour ago."
John swallowed thickly. The look Sherlock had on his face was eerily similar to yesterday when they were at the beach. The way he stared off at the Thames had been strange enough, almost forgetting he had done it at all immediately after.
John nodded, “It was in his room, wasn’t it?”
He tried again.
Sherlock could tell John had a certain uneasiness about him and checked down aisles before he entered, often choosing the less populated to empty ones even if they weren’t the closest.
The two continued through the area blindly, everything was far too large to make out any distinguishing features and recognize where they were. They eventually found themselves in a park trekking through shoulder length grass.
“John, I don’t want to be small anymore.”
“Why not? According to the images I had you rate during the placebo test-“
"'Lock?" John repeated concerned.
The line went awkwardly silent again.
“Down the Rat Hole”
Greg pulled back a bit, “Its sensitive!” He was far too overly filled. That was when he noticed the enlarged pupils of Mycroft. “I knew it. You’re a kinky bastard.” He took Mycroft’s hand and pressed it against himself. “You did this, you utter prick.”
Harry’s flat was cleaner then John remembered it. There were still cans of beer and empty bottles of wine scattered around, but not a pile up of them like there had been a few months ago. It also looked like she had started picking up and vacuuming the place.
"Harry-!"
"Are you ready to go to the crime scene now John?"
"Blond or black hair?" Sherlock's gaze returned.
“FUCK!” John’s heart was racing. “What the hell were you doing!? I thought you bloody died!”
“yea… uh, just hold on ok?”
John rose to his feet, “Don’t you dare move.”
John couldn’t sleep, he raided for a few hours with Sherlock in game, then laid in bed staring at his ceiling for a couple hours more. It was useless; sleep just wasn’t coming to him. At 3am John couldn’t take it anymore and sat back down at his computer and started typing in porn sights.
It's just like kissing
“Rude, what if I was doing something private?” John clicked the call button, allowing Sherlock to see and hear him.
“Damn.” Greg had really thought that John was doing ok. But he didn’t want to report in to Mycroft about this. It just felt dirty. When it was just Sherlock he would report about, it was for a good reason. He couldn’t let him get back into drugs or any other risky behavior. But thus was John. Mycroft had no right to know. Lestrade let out a sigh. He didn’t want to ask John about it either.
“Is that… That’s David Tennant.” John huffed in annoyance.
“Yea, we sorted that all out. Sorry by the way.” John watched Sherlock’s long coat from across the room swaying with his sudden movements.
“Ah, Grace, and here I thought I wouldn’t have the pleasure of addressing you again.” He tried to muster his most sarcastic tone.
Sherlock turned bright red, "O-oh... T-that would be nice, yes. My... Boyfriend." He smiled at the word.
“John hates me,” he finally concluded to the empty flat.
“Hm? Why do ask?”
“She despised me the moment you introduced us, which is still beyond me why you ever introduced me to any of those ridiculous women you dated.”
“Myc,” Greg moaned out, despite being a bit afraid.
Sherlock took stepped close to him and tilted his head, “Ah, you’re upset because of your sister Harry.”
The tremor's in Sherlock's legs increased, "John I- I'm-… " his words turned into an unintelligible whimper and John knew he was the only one that could do this to that mad genius. John loved how inexperienced Sherlock was, loved those beautiful sounds meant for him, his uncontrolled vigor. He came quicker then most, John loved that too, not letting go until he was sure his love was sated. John cleaned up the last remains with his tongue, ending in another kiss on Sherlock's tip, then pulled himself up to meet his face.
John forcibly turned him around to peer out the other end of the purse.
’ “Molly- erm, she’s a lab assistant, she should be here soon.” No sooner had he said that a cab pulled near by and Molly got out paying the driver. “Oh good, we need you in the lab right away.”
Today was not the final straw. John shook his head but smiled lightly, “I never thought I would do anything so stupid for someone.” He drank it quickly and prepared for the worst.
“A woman was just up and left, yes.” Sherlock’s voice was void of emotion.
Sherlock bit his lip.
“More or less.” He took his first drag of the cigarette and violently leaned forward coughing. It was far too much. He felt like he was suffocating.
“Are you going on a date?” She gave a small joking gasp. “Oh John! I’m so excited for you! I knew there must be someone you’ve been flirting with. You always look so happy in class now, texting away with someone on your phone. Rushing out the door to get somewhere, I’ve been on to you.”
John always got worried when Sherlock said ‘
“Well how am I supposed to know. Frankly there’s a slight gap in my memory from how we got here and I don’t like it one bit.”
The detective went to the sink to wash off the blood. ‘
John nodded.
“I just don’t think I could do it.” he ran his hand down his face.
Mycroft glared at them from the foot of the stairs just a few meters away. “I can assure you there are things he has not cared to mention yet.”
“There’s nothing here anyway. I’ll come with you.”
"What was that?"
“Well… it’s probably safer him knowing then if something were to happen and he didn’t.” John looked down into Sherlock’s eyes. “What did he mean by ‘again.’?”
“umm, last night…” John began hesitantly; he didn’t want to scare Sherlock off again.
“John! Wait-“ Sherlock stumbled to get up from the bed and knocked table lamp with his tail, he still had no idea how to control it, not that it would matter for long. “It’s not because I’m-“
Both men sat quietly for a bit.
John quickly scurried off, checking each room of the flat aimlessly. There was no one there besides himself and Mr Rogers. “I swear to god, if this is some kind of a sick joke…”
“Obvious, you’re a terrible insomniac, of course you take pills.”
At least Greg knew he probably wouldn’t be getting any alien STDs, or whatever the hell he was. The tentacles continued to pry their way in deeper, impossibly deep it seemed, as well as stretching him as far as he was willing to go. “Myc…” He finally whimpered, his neglected cock pressing against him in desperation. He gasped in pleasure; Mycroft’s hands ran up his thighs, spreading them a bit wider. It felt so nice to actually recognize something touching him as human.
“John, he- Well, they’re official now apparently,”
Need you down at the lab as soon as possible. –GL
Sherlock quickly scooted back but hadn’t stood yet, mortified that he had been screaming for his life. “It…. it tried to kill me, you saw it.” he avoided eye contact with John at all costs. He could feel him walk over and kneel down next to him making his face go hot.
“You do?” The tension immediately left John’s voice again. “I mean, good. I… I just don’t want to not hear from you and start worrying is all.” End up like Greg pinning over him.
John blinked and tried again. “…”
Sherlock smiled to himself, ‘
-‘Busty Blonds Three Sum?’ Sound familiar?-
He does not, he’s up to something. MH
Again, Sherlock was quiet, clearly considering the offer.  John blinked; he never thought he would see the day that Sherlock would honestly take that seriously.
“Energy conversion… that’s it!” Sherlock quickly got to his feet. He was sucking the heat out of the room, he needed a greater amount of energy to cause anything to happen. People ran on food, he no longer had that luxury… though that suited his former appetite just fine anyway. Not having to eat could be benefit.
“This didn’t fall by it’s self.” She clenched her teeth but another visual sweep of the room revealed there was no where big enough for a John to hide, and even if there was why on earth would he?
John gave up. He jumped onto the couch over dramatically and pouted in the oversized blue dressing gown, not noticing the D.I. that was sitting inside the flat already waiting for him.
He breathed deeply trying to reassure himself that he would get back in the flat and find a safe spot that Sherlock would be sure to see him in. '
Sherlock struggle against his restraints to no avail. “Where’s John!?”
“Brilliant.” John could never shake the habit of exclaiming his enthusiastic admiration of the detectives deductions.
Lestrade looked down at his phone, he had a new message from the Yard. Another murder had been committed in a nightclub.
John sighed, “It’s ok, it was… thoughtful? I think.” He’s certainly never heard of someone giving their mate a sex toy before, aside from being a gag gift that was. “It’s a… actually I’m not too sure what it is…” his brow furrowed a bit. He wasn’t exactly an expert, but he could tell this was something special.
Moriarty swiftly shut the front door and angled himself to force the old man backwards into the room he had previously emerged from. John could barely make out the quick flash of metal from Moriarty’s pocket.
You never came for the case file yesterday. –GL
“Sherlock, what are you-“
“John… I’m here. I’m right here, I need you to imagine me as solid right now, can you do that for me?” John nodded and Sherlock could feel his form becoming more physical again as he knelt down and wrapped his arms around him. “That’s right. Keep thinking like that. You’re still asleep, but it’s really me. I’ll be right by your side again when you wake up, you just wont be able to see me and it’s unlikely you’ll hear me very often, but I’ll be there. If you ever need to make sure I am, just ask, and I’ll do everything I can to let you know I’m there.”
The door creaked open, there was hesitation in the steps. Sherlock narrowed his eyes,
John let out a ragged sigh. Obviously he didn’t have the control over his mind and body that he thought he had. “And what exactly are these ‘commands’ you’re going to have me do?”
Were curses real? John wasn’t honestly sure. Last week he would have assured Daniel that he was being ridiculous and that was impossible. But now, well, he wasn’t sure what was and wasn’t real anymore. “I’m sure that’s not the case,” he attempted a chuckle that probably came out as more of a nervous reaction. “Besides, there’s sure to be an answer to this and I’m here to solve it.”
“You bitch! You absolute psychopath!” Harry spat at the ground. “So what, John dumps you and you loose it?”
Enjoying –
Sherlock hated himself for what he had done, he could tell John was slowly becoming a wreck. He just wanted to be there for him but knew it was an impossibility now. Maybe ceasing to exist would have been better then this. He went to find John, maybe just watching him for a while would calm him down. When he found him, John was asleep in Sherlock’s bed again. Sherlock wasn’t sure if he liked having John close to his worldly possessions or if it made him sad how poorly he was moving on.
“Now then. This shouldn’t be too hard, we just need to wake Molly up and she’ll figure out what to do.” Sherlock looked around for what could indicate a bedroom door.
“Oh.” John supposed that made sense. Wait. “OH.” He was left without words, just standing there about to step out the door when Greg dropped THAT on him?? He wasn’t even sure how he was supposed to respond? ‘Sorry?’ “But… You had a wife?” Ok, that was absolutely not how he was supposed to respond, but still, the point stood.
John always thought Greg only ever contacted Mycroft to help keep tabs on Sherlock. Was it more then that? “Are you two… friends? You and Mycroft I mean?” He also never considered Mycroft to be agoraphobic before, but then he never exactly sat down and had a real conversation with the man either.
________________________________________
“Yes, how did you know? Probably the stain on her nail or something like that.”
It was these moments that he really hated being forced to go to therapy for psychological evaluation.
"But yes, I did come here about my friend… she died yesterday."
“High on cocaine at the time. Yes. “
Mycroft quickly set the coffee down and turned away from Lestrade, “Just came to make sure you were awake enough to be working, I should really be getting back to work now myself, sorry to bother you.” He reached for the door handle still avoiding eye contact but Greg stopped him by stepping in front of the door.
Sherlock sighed, “Victor was driving us-“
“Well… I guess you’re right. I never really thought about that last one before.” John had hated being short his entire life. He never thought of the possibility that it’s what had saved him in Afghanistan.
“He has done nothing but look out for me and care for me, more then he does himself.” He muttered.
They continued emailing fashion advice and makeup tips as the days went by. Molly always kept an eye out for who the sender might be, but no one at work dressed half as nice as the fashion tips sounded and she really didn’t know that many women. Eventually she became suspicious that there was one person she never checked, couldn’t check anymore.
“Oh, you mean my therapist? Ella? Just things. What I’m doing.”
John grabbed his jagged broken post from the ground. The tarantula had already begun to turn around and strike again when he thrust the post through its abdomen making a gut wrenching cracking noise as it penetrated the hairy shell to reach the soft organs inside. He had expected it to die instantly, but didn’t. The legs slashed wildly at him grabbing him a few times and accidentally letting go in pain and confusion. A moment later the legs stopped moving so wildly and fell to a light twitching.
“I promised we could cam.” The baritone filled in.
Chapter 6
“You seem awfully chipper this morning.” Sherlock ducked under the crime scene tape and held it up for John.
Molly sat near by, head lowered as she pretended to look through a microscope at some of the blood found at the crime scene. She couldn’t take her eyes away from the tiny pair that seemed to be clinging so closely to each other. She brought a hand up to adjust the lens and simultaneously hide her smile, the moment seemed solemn but she couldn’t help it. Those two really did appear to be made for each other. She was still slightly heart broken finally realizing that nothing would ever happen between her and Sherlock, but she knew now it was for the best. She would never want to come between him and John anyway. John not only loved Sherlock, but he knew how to handle him, and more importantly, Sherlock loved him back.
Look, I know what you’re thinking but I’m afraid it will never happen. –
“Well I’m getting you a new one then, this one’s really old now.”
“Heh, well, neither, just trying to show a friend I’m not the novice he thinks I am.”
“I’m not doing anything… just following you,”
Donovan: You’re joking right!?
“No, Sherlock’s just being… Sherlock.” He placed both hand’s on the overly affectionate man’s hat to make sure it didn’t fall off, Sherlock didn’t stop in his act of head rubbing.
Sebastian sprinted back, small vial in hand. He tried keeping a cool demeanor to prevent making his boss any madder then he already was, but the slight widening of his eyes betrayed him. Moriarty’s clothes were pooling around him as his face grew murderous.
It was nice gaming and being able to look up at Sherlock laughing at the same time, tucked away in his corner of John’s screen. The night had passed quicker then all of their previous ones. He would occasionally look up and catch his pale friend observing him, though it wasn’t an unpleasant feeling.
He dried quickly, still thinking of the way Sherlock would look at him through the monitor, those strangely luminous eyes watching him. He was never too sure what color they were, perhaps it was the screen or the lighting playing a trick on his eyes, but they seemed otherworldly. He knew he would finally get a clear view of them today though and John chuckled lightly to himself at the thought.
A fish flopped up from the water dangerously close to the boat, sending it rocking fiercely. John grabbed onto the sail pole as Sherlock slipped on the floor boards and hit the lip of the boat.
Both men could tell that she was still mad at John, but likely willing to forgive him if she had gone out of her way to get his attention.
"Sorry about that… it's just, blimey! You really are small!"
“Treat him like what?” he was truly oblivious.
John smiled disbelievingly and picked up, “Sherlock?”
Any thoughts John had previously that morning about the so called 'perks' of his situation were now firmly gone. Being small was terrifying and he would do anything to be tall again. '
Lestrade held the cheap coffee cup up as non conspicuously as possible. Hopefully no one would notice the small slit he made for Sherlock to see out of.
John frowned at his computer, there was no point to being online while Sherlock was gone. He couldn’t help but wonder what it was he was doing anyway. He knew it was selfish to want him at the other end of his computer for as long as he wanted though. John was also bothered that he wasn’t upset with him for intentionally getting him off. He wasn’t gay. Knowing Sherlock knew what he was doing shouldn’t have been so erotic.
