But by far, his arm looked the worst. Bucky’s right arm hung at an unnatural angle and was drenched in a sleeve of blood. Ribbons of Steve’s white shirt were loosely wrapped round the appendage in an attempt to stop the bleeding. A failed attempt. The once clean, white shirt had been deeply stained in living blood. But Steve didn’t look like he cared.
“Look at this,” said Iron Man, gesturing at the holes littered across the front entrance and surrounding wall. The grey dust of rock and wood was only just settling on the ground in a fine grain. “I make a name for myself in Boston by squashing the Ten Rings Gang into oblivion, and then I move here and this shit happens. Damn punks. Doesn’t anybody in this town have any respect for another man’s property?”
Steve shrugged his shoulders. “Third floor out of four. Roof over our heads. Keeps the cold out better than a paper, and having a few roommates helps with the rent. Not all of us can have jobs at Stark Industries.”
When Tony pulled away, he was all smiles. “Now I’m married to Captain America too,” he giggled with innocent joy.
“Yeah, about that support,” Tony said, taking advantage of the easy tangent and away from the awkward and confusing conversation that is his love life. “I’m going to have to take you up on that. I need you to do a beer tasting for me. Now before you make any excuses, I’ll arrange everything beforehand so all you need to do is show up and taste the stuff.”
Tony froze. His stomach dropped. Reality washed over him like a bucket of cold water. He’d been found out. This was the end of everything. He’d be kicked out of the Red Cross without a second thought. Tony couldn’t go back to working for Howard again. He just couldn’t.
“Why do you guys always pick me to help with the kid?” Clint yelled from the front. “He won’t let anyone handle him besides Steve. Let him take care of the kid.”
“Looking at the mess on their faces, I’m inclined to think you did,” Rhodey said, horror and awe coloring in his reserved voice.
An unfamiliar man lay in the rubble; dusty, bloody, and limbs twisted in unnatural ways. The remains of the Frankenstein weapon were wrapped around his arm and strewn about the impact. Somehow, in all the confusion, Hydra had forgotten one of their own and left him to rot.
Steve smiled at Tony, trying to offer what little comfort he could. “Just because I can’t understand it doesn’t mean I’m blind to the meaning.  I’ve worked with motorcycles in the past, so I can piece together some meaning. But Tony, I don’t need to know anything to tell that you poured your heart and soul into this. It’s not that hard to see. But I have no context for any of this. I want to know the context so I can better understand what you made here.”
Clint smiled as he slid into the chair at one of the workstations. He was baiting Tony and they both knew it. “Looked like our boss was looking for a bit of fun on the wild side.”
“We’re back,” said Steve as he walked back into the passenger bay. The kid was wrapped around his waist like a koala clinging to a eucalyptus tree. Tony definitely did
Tony shrugged. “Okay. I guess I’ll see you at breakfast. I’ve got a date I need to prepare for. So, you know, if you don’t see me in the morning, assume my blind date got to me first.”
Steve grinned. He pressed gentle kisses along Tony’s neck as his hands began working their magic. Steve’s large fingers teased Tony through the silk sheets. He encircled Tony’s cock in his hand and held on tight. Tony closed his eyes and let out a heavy moan. With a satisfied grin, Steve began moving his hand up and down the length of Tony’s shaft.
“Whatever we didn’t hear while we were busy taking down these Hydra idiots,” gasped (what was his name again? Stan? Sand? Oh right, Sam.) Sam, sounding a little worse for wear.
Everyone else close to him, their opinions didn’t matter (Tony would like it if they did approve. He really would. That would be super swell. But, reality was you can’t come out without stepping on a few toes). But Obie...
Steve nodded his approval. "Sam, with me. Winter Soldier, Thor, you have your assignments. Get to work."
‘No, it wasn’t,’ Tony’s subconscious supplied. He knew firsthand the damage that Jericho could do. And that one was contained in a brick building. Setting it off in a wide open area like this, well, the difference in damage was clear as day.
“Oh come on boss,” said Clint, casually putting his feet up on the table. “No hard feelings here. Everyone is glad that you’re moving on.”
“Everything ready for the run?” asked Steve, doing a last minute check of the product. He rattled the neck of a bottle around in the crate, checking for any unnecessary movement.
Tony's gaze turned toward Steve. He gulped down the recycled air and  wrapped his fingers around the hand. “Yeah,” Tony rasped. It still hurt to breath, but Steve was here. He was safe. They could work through this, together. “Yeah, of course it will.”
‘No,’ Tony though, pushing the protest to the back of his mind. ‘Figure this shit out first, then go after Steve. Wouldn’t do either of them any good if he was dead.’
She gave an indifferent shrug. “Don’t know. But it’s the same pattern I’ve been tracking for the past few weeks. Good a place as any to start.”
Tony groaned and collapsed on the ground. His stomach growled, loud and clear. Damn. He needed breakfast. In a rare moment of foresight, Tony had brought his brown paper bag of takeout with him on his rounds. But unwritten keeper rules said it was a bad idea to eat in front of the animals.
Steve huffed at Tony’s audacity. But he looked like he was enjoying himself. A marked improvement from what Steve saw in the park. Tony’s fingers flew like city pigeons as they dismantled the heater piece by piece. His eyes were different than in the park. His brow was still furrowed, but Steve’s keen eyes picked up the differences. In the park, the lines were deep and more pronounced, sign of frustration as he dug his ideas into the dirt. Now, they were tense with focused and deep thought. Tony’s eyes were steady and bright as steel, as they darted across the different parts of the machine. He looked so perfect. He looked so right. This wasn't about appearances for the sake of potential courting. This was about seeing something beautiful being laid out in front of him like an orange in a Christmas stocking. Something precious and pure
As expected, Bucky insisted on having a rifle at his side, at the ready. Maybe it would turn heads if they walked down the wrong streets, but Bucky was stubborn like that and Steve was smart enough to know how to keep them out of the eye of scrutiny.
“It’s not ready yet. Still need to solve the overheating and power regulating problems,” Tony motioned to the disarray of unlabeled blueprints and schematics.
As he tried to think of a positive way to explain how much he didn’t care for the establishment (too rich for his blood) a knock came from outside the phone booth. “Sorry. I gotta go now. Racking up a line for the phone,” he mumbled to the receiver.
In the middle of the room was a single wooden chair. IN the chair sat the man. A stream of blood ran down the side of his face and dripped onto the floor. His face was swollen as if he had too much food forcefully stuffed into his cheeks. His hands were bound behind his back in a heavy rope that burned the soft skin underneath like fire.
“Whatever you like,” said Stane with a smile. “Although, the investors would always appreciate something that sells.”
A tired groan came from grey armor. “I was trying to protect you,” Rhodey conceded. “You haven’t been yourself since the fight with Steve and-”
But Steve, being the stubborn bastard that he was, pushed back. He didn’t want to be protected and he wasn’t up for giving Tony the information that he was practically begging for. Tony’s plan backfired bad, and he ended up accidently spilling that he was involved in the Iron Family. Maybe there would have been some room for forgiveness if Steve hadn’t made the connection between the blasted newspaper Clint had plastered on his ‘thinking wall’ and the “toast” incident, but Steve was too smart for that. Tony really did like how smart Steve was, but leave it to him to find someone smart enough to put all the pieces together and outsmart him.
“Me too. But there’s nothing we can do. Cap’s in no place to give orders and given Bucky’s condition...” Sam let out a heavy sigh. “I don’t know. I think the smart thing is to stay put for now.”
The man looked normal enough; two arms, two legs, nothing bending in ways they shouldn’t. The three piece suit screamed new money. Sharp lines and perfectly fitted seams accented his height, size, and power in ways that normal clothes couldn’t. But unlike normal people, the man wore a familiar shaped helmet atop his head.  Steve racked his brain. Where had he seen that shape before?
Tony closed his eyes and let out a heavy sigh of relief. “It’s fine. Mistakes happen. Just be careful, okay?”
“Don’t know,” Tony murmured, marveling at the talented creator rather than the creation. “What happens if I say no?”
Tony let out a low moan that reached all the way down to his cock. When was the last time he let go? When was the last time he let Steve do what he wanted? When was the last time Tony was as vocal as he wanted to be? They couldn’t do this back home. Too many nosey ears to do as they pleased. But this; Steve’s tongue lavishing Tony’s cock, tracing the throbbing veins along Tony’s shaft, Steve licking and slurping down every bit of Tony’s come as loud as he wanted, this was worth the wait.
Steve felt the next few words hesitate on his tongue. Should he say it? He wanted to say it. It sounded so right. Could he? He couldn’t rub his thumb against the back of Tony’s hand to reassure him that all that was being said was true. But he wanted to. He wanted to so bad. Tony looked like he didn’t believe anything Steve was saying. And Steve wanted him to believe. Even if it was only for a second. He wanted Tony to trust him. He wanted to touch, but he couldn’t. Instead, he went with the words on his tongue.  “I want to know what this is, so I can better understand you Tony.”
The kids scampered away from the car and the women suddenly found the brick structures fascinating. Tony whistled in frustration. “Doesn't trust me, huh? Has to send two of my best to tail my ass because I’m that unreliable.”
“Hold your applause. Because, yes, I know I’m amazing, but that doesn’t mean you should reject Spider Baby when he brings you the best steaks money can buy.”
Tony spun around. He glared at the glacier like it was just another monster of the week Iron Man had to deal with. Then, he charged.
“Who said I was giving you a choice?” Steve asked, a mischievous smile curling up the side of his face. Without warming, Steve ran out from their hiding spot, waving his hands and screaming like a maniac.
Tony frowned. “It might take you too long to start from scratch. I guess you can help me roll out the dough?”
Hot tears stung his eyes. “How could he do those horrible things?” asked Steve, trying to hold back as much as he could. “He was lying to me this entire time Sam. What else did he lie about? He never said it with words, but did he lie about liking me?” Steve let out a warm breath into his hands. “I don’t even want to imagine what else he lied about.”
The man shifted his gaze up to Tony’s face. His lips parted just enough that the only sound in the room was the man’s heavy breathing. He didn’t say a word, but Steve knew immediately what that cold look in his eyes meant. A challenge to the death for information.
He let out a battle cry and rushed the lone figure, swinging the butt of the gun toward the taller man’s helmet.
“No!” Steve swiftly pulled the drawing out of reach. “It’s private. My practice pieces are always private.”
Dusk had fallen by the time the last soldier had received his greasy and possibly under cooked donut. Tony wiped his sweaty forehead with the back of his hand as he turned off the heat to the fryers. He took a quick look around the kitchen as he wrapped up the leftover dough. Flour and grease speckled the floor like spots on a dog. Tony let out a tired sigh. He had a heck of a lot of cleaning to do before he called it a night, but right now his feet, ankles, and knees all felt like they were on fire. Tony needed a break.
That only made Schmidt’s face flush deeper. Steve was sure Schmidt would hit back, but he soldiered on through in insult. “Do you not see what I mean brothers and sisters? Before the war, Germany was respected. Feared by all. Now we are worth less than cattle. Berated, abused, discriminated against because of our heritage. Let us join forces to create a proud race once more! We are Aryans! We are superior! Hail Hitler!”
“A helper robot,” Tony replied absentmindedly, gathering the necessary things for an afternoon out. “Or, more of a helper hand. Can’t decide if it’s going to be autonomous or dependent, but either way, problems. Still in the ’tech that needs to catch up to my genius before I can make it into reality’ stage. But it should be confusing enough and look impressive enough to keep the board off our back for a bit.”
So he snuck out in the dead of night; quiet as a mouse, RT covered by a dark wetsuit vest as he looked over the edge of the boat.
"Not the point Falcon," he growled. He and Bucky weren't like that and Sam knew it. He had no reason bringing that up in front of Tony.
Tony grinned. He let out an ecstatic whoop and dove deep into the artic water. Deeper than any human could go without assistance. He followed invisible currents, swimming in and out of their strong waters with ease. He darted around glaciers and icebergs, taunting their sharp, cold edges with a cocky flick of his tail. He swam with a pod of belugas and chased after the occasional fish. Not for sustenance, but because he could. Because no one would judge him. Because it was fun.
“Considering you didn’t even notice me while you were eyeing that blond hunk in the breadline, I highly doubt that," he huffed.
Both Tony’s sat in their chair, completely still. Their eyes had turned white and glowed like flashlights in a dark room. Cracks appeared on the child’s skin like a China doll being broken from the inside out. Light spilled through his flesh as the deafening noise of time and space collapsing filled the room.
“Steve, I’m fine,” Tony insisted. He tried to push the makeshift bandage away despite how heavy his tongue felt.
Tony gave it as good of a once over as he could. Didn’t look like much to him. Just a bunch of pointless paperwork crudely filled in with an unconfident mess that some might call a signature. But, Pepper was the one who had done the research. If she called it a duck, you bet your pretty bonnet Tony would call it a duck too. “You think it’s our mole?” he asked, giving it back to her. “You think we can finally end this charade?”
“Yeah,” Steve said, rubbing his eyes. “Took forever. Went through three war stories before I told him enough was enough. Hoped he’d fall asleep on his own if I closed the door and left him alone, but he said he wanted company.”
“I know this isn’t what you want to hear right now,” said Pepper, continuing to brush Tony’s hair. “But we found the leak.” Tony looked up at her. “Well, not who the leak is. But the paperwork I’ve been examining points to Dock 6, Warehouse 16. That seems to be where the missing arms go, well, missing.”
Steve shook off the shock as best he could and took the hand in a firm shake. Of all the things he could fuck up, this couldn’t be one of them. Despite his disagreement for big time mafia families (epically his controversy over what the Iron Family had done in recent weeks) Steve could not screw this up. The last thing he wanted was an all-out war. “Call me Captain,” he said, voice surprisingly steady considering the revelation. “These are my associates, Thor, Winter Soldier, and Falcon.”
Bucky grinned revealing a row of sharp teeth as his brown hair turned long and white. “Yes, I do. It’s Steve. I know exactly what he’s capable of.”
“’m fine,” Tony said, barely moving his lips. “All numb now.” The arc reactor still felt strange in his chest, but everything else was a pulsing numb sensation.
But would he want to be? They had only spent a little time together, but it would be easy for Tony to imagine. Laughing over a meal. Steve sketching while Tony tinkered on his work in the lab. Maybe Tony could rent out a theater and they could watch movies together. Oh, who was he kidding, Tony could build them a movie theater and they could watch movies snuggled against each other on the couch. No other people. No other judgments. Maybe get some high quality wine imported from Italy. The kind with lots of zeroes on the price tag. That would be the life.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Apparently Pepper wanted to continue their regularly scheduled program, but Tony wasn’t in the mood for it today.
A high-pitched whistle came from War Machine’s chest. His face was expressionless, but the shadows cast by the bright light made it look as if he had no qualms of eradicating the Brooklyn Boys right then and there.
Tony’s breath caught in his throat. No way. This was happening? Now? Just the two of them on a beach in the middle of nowhere with no gossip mags or media or crazy extended superhero family to hold this sappy moment over his head for years to come? Goddamnit! How was Steve always so perfect?
“Besides,” muttered Barton, looking at the door with thoughtful eyes. “Seemed like the kind of guy you could tell that type of stuff to. Trust worthy type.”
A sobering chill ran down Steve’s body. He bit the inside of his lip and tried to stay calm. Steve’s heart pounded in his chest as understanding washed over him. Bones breaking. Screaming. Tony had one of their attackers in custody and he was putting the scum through the ringer.
All of a sudden, Tony started having trouble breathing. He felt his heart flutter in his chest. Tony wanted to take Steve’s warm hands in his. He wanted Steve to wrap his arms around him for real. He wanted to feel warm. Tony wanted to be close to Steve and he had no idea why.
A bang on the door disrupted Steve’s whirlwind of thoughts. In a daze,  he got up and answered the door. Bucky's slowly bruising face quickly brought his focus back to the now.
“No trouble at all,” Tony said with an easy smile. “It’s the least I can do after you saved us from that ambush back in France.”
“Phil Coulson. I’m an information broker for the local paper, The SHIELD Daily Update.” Phil offered his hand. Iron Man didn’t take it.
He reached out and took Steve’s hand in his. Tony pulled Steve’s hand down until his large fingers brushed the outside of the silver circle.
“I thought you just had a loose association with them, but that’s a lie,” the shock cause his thoughts spilled out of his mouth freely. Each piece of reality slotting into place like a jigsaw puzzle as it slowly destroy his heart and trust. “You know them. You know all their secrets. You helped a known terrorist destroy who knows how many lives! And you got me involved too,” he said, jabbing at the rag pinned to the wall. Steve couldn’t believe Tony could use him as inspiration for such a horrible thing. There was no way in hell that this was the same Tony that had joked with him over bootleg in a drafty apartment. This wasn’t the same Tony that jumped into harm’s way to protect Steve why Hydra had targeted Steve the night of the run. This wasn’t the same Tony that he had spent hours on the phone with, a crackling line bringing a smile to his face every time he inserted another coin into the steel slot.
It took a second for Steve to blink through the blood. When he did, a cold wave of anger ran down Steve’s spine. His cheeks ran hot, but his face remained cold as stone. Steve’s lips flattened into a straight line. He release the man and let the laughing maniac writhe across the floor like the worm he was. Steve wiped the blood off his face with the back of his hand. He looked back at Tony one last time.
Steve let out a strained laugh. “Everything. Your job, my job, all these secrets and lies we’ve been telling each other. And, I think, it’d just be weird. Not a relationship with you. That’d be the most normal thing that’s happened to me all week.”
Steve tried for a few shots, but they ricocheted off the car. “Charismatic, yes. Doesn’t change the fact that he's absolutely insane.”
Not minding the fresh pools of red and the scattered bodies on the road, the chauffeur stepped out of the black limo and straightened his uniform and black mask. In a practiced motion, he got out and opened the curb door for his valued employer. The two forms that stepped out the vehicle stuck out like a straight-laced copper in a juice joint. The white suit, red dress shirt, and white tie the woman wore was almost subtle compared to her male counterpart. He captured the attention of every onlooker with his stark red three piece suit and gold pocket square. Unlike usual Mafioso, the man wore no tie. Instead, a bright blue light shown like a rising sun over the top of his gold vest. The only thing that made it the least bit subtle was a brown trench coat that hung off his shoulders like a second skin.
There it was again, just like good old dad, pulling out the nationalists card to make their job a little easier. Didn't matter that the Great War was behind them and world peace was on the horizon. There would always be an excuse to make and sell weapons. As long as the world spun and people fought, people would need weapons to fight for their right to survive. And as much as it pained him at this stage in his life, as much as he didn't want to do it (not now, not yet), it was what was required of him. It's what the company needed. And Tony was needed here. Well, that and the other reason. But Obie didn't need to know that.
Tony stiffened, anger building up in his stomach like boiling magma. This was his company, not Obie’s company. Tony could do whatever the hell he wanted whenever the hell he wanted. He could leave right this second, find Steve, and never come back. He could run the company right into the ground and crash the stock market again leaving Stane to pick up the shattered remains. He could take a train to the Malibu or a plane to the actual Malibu in California and never turn back. Who was Obadiah Stane to tell him otherwise? Compared to Tony, Stane was a nobody. A nobody what was trying very hard to be a somebody and act important. And right now, all Tony really wanted was to hurt Stane and remind him how much of a nobody he really was. Didn’t matter what it was as long as it hurt.
Steve nodded as he mulled over Tony’s apology.  “You could have told me,” he muttered under his breath.
“Well, wherever high loft apartment or luxury house Obie put me, I want to be out of there as soon as you can. Nothing against the guy, but he can’t decorate and his choice of location sucks.”
Sleep tugged at his eyelids and the corners of his sight became fuzzy and dim. ‘Maybe Obie was right,’ he thought, slowly realizing how much the couch pulled him into its soft embrace. ‘Maybe he should sleep on it.’ He remember the amazed look on Steve’s face when he first entered the workshop, picking out as many little details as he could. The sparkle in his eyes. The turn of his lips. The timber of his voice as he called out Tony’s name.
Steve nodded. A pink blush lit up Steve’s cheeks and ran all the way down to his chest. He leaned forward, pressing his lips against Tony’s and yes, the werewolf definitely did remember how to kiss.
“The location,” huffed Buck, casting a brief outline of a warm puff of air. “Something just doesn’t feel right.”
Stane yelled into the phone, “What? I can’t hear you. They’re working on setting up the factory.” Tony got the feeling that Stane was intentionally trying not to hear him.
Tony let out a heavy sigh. “Look,” Tony said, running the rag along the length of Steve’s fingers. “I know you’re still angry at me. I get it. And, for what little its worth, I never planned on using you for personal gain or anything like that. Kinda got caught up in the secrets I had to keep, and now everything is coming to a head. So, sorry if I used you. I didn’t mean it.”
Tony frowned. He didn’t like it. He didn’t like his role as a walking-talking target. He didn’t like how this plan put Steve at risk. And he especially didn’t like how easily Steve had slid into the role of a criminal mastermind. But, as much as it pained him, it was a good strategy and they were running out of time to get shit done.
Instead he gave Tony a smile. A easy, but heartfelt smile that said, ‘I’m sorry. I’m here if you need me.’ But he couldn’t say that outloud. That wasn’t right. Instead Steve said, “It’s fine. Everyone is entitled to their own opinions.”
Tony looked up at the shovel, and he knew if he didn’t do something quick this was the end. The look in Steve’s eyes, the bloodlust puppeteering Steve’s every move, Steve was a man of his word and all the hurt he had sworn upon Iron Man, Tony knew that Steve would follow through.
The tips of Steve’s ears turned red. “I like ‘em as much as the next guy,” Steve said. “I like filling ‘em or being filled. I also like eating out the jelly before eating the donut if you know what I mean.”
Tony let out a sigh of relief. It worked. He was ninety nine percent sure that the RT device would be able to withstand oceanic pressure, but there was always that one percent chance that it wouldn’t.
Tony scanned the open waters. No predators. No fish. Nothing out of the ordinary to cause him unease. But when he turned back to look at the ice, what he saw made it feel like time came to a standstill.
“Not enough,” Tony said, gasping for breath. He threaded his fingers through Steve’s blond hair. “I want to feel every part of you.”
But Steve must not have gotten the message about the do’s and don’ts of relationships in the military. His iron grip around Tony’s waist stayed strong. He held Tony in place as if to reassure him that everything was going to be okay and yelled, “If you’re going to listen in, the least you can do is close the damn window.”
Excitement flickered in his chest, but Tony quickly snuffed the feelings out. No use in hoping for something that wasn’t there. Tony turned his attention back to the fryer and began busying himself with last minute kitchen checks. “Everybody’s looking at our truck. We brought food. Free food. Everybody loves free food.”
He placed a comforting hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Don’t make the same mistake I did Tony. You’re smart, I’m sure you can find another way.”
“Fine!” Sam threw his hands up in defeat. “If that's how you want to play, you take Tony and I'll stick with Barns.”
Steve chuckled. “You know, whenever you say that, it makes me want to change that answer to a yes,” he growled, tracing the outline of Tony’s half hard cock through the thin sheet.
“Look,” she said, beginning to get impatient. Apparently Miss Brown Eyes didn’t get the message that when the boss tells you to piss off, you piss off. “I know you’re busy, but I promise this will only take a minute. I just need you to sign these papers and then I’ll get out of your hair.”
The wolf growled, but Tony didn’t pay him any mind. He dropped the remote-controlled car through the doggy door and sent it spinning round the large enclosure. The car bobbed and weaved through the trees and up and down the small hills. He drove tempting circles around the wolf, but the wolf didn’t even acknowledge the shrill toy coaxing him to chase the rabbit.
“Yeah,” said Steve with an embarrassed laugh. “So… you still up for showing me the ropes? Tasting is fine, but I’d really like to learn the ins and outs of making donuts. They seem… really interesting.”
“Well, I think that’s enough excitement for one day,” Steve said as he put the kid down for bed. Steve had picked one of the guest rooms closest to his quarters. The light gray walls made the room a little impersonal, but having the bags of clothes in the corner and Tony all snug in his bed, holding the Captain America plush in the crook of his arm made it less so. It wasn’t much, but it felt lived in. It felt like this room belonged to him. This was Tony’s.
"Fine," grumbled Bucky. As much as Bucky bitched and moaned, Steve knew Bucky was always there to back him up with whatever was necessary.
As the dust began to clear and his hearing returned, Steve heard the ominous sounds of heavy footsteps coming close to them. Through the smoke and dust, a familiarly shaped gray figure emerged. The gray helmet shone in the little moonlight filtering in from the windows as it slowly stomped toward them.
Steve just shook his head at his ridiculous boyfriend. “That’s high praise from someone who said they could make me come without using their hands,” he said, slipping a shirt over his head.”
Tony grinned and pressed a kiss to Steve’s lips. “The best kind,” he said. “I love you too, sweetie.”
Tony was not intimidated in the least. He rolled back his shoulders. The powerful rage in his eyes settled into a calm, neutral expression. “Okay. We’re playing that way.” Without another word, Tony sauntered over to the far corner of the room. He picked up his dress jacket and shrugged it over his shoulders like a second skin. Tony spun around on the bloody heels of his shoes and smiled at Steve. “I’m going to take a break.”
“Steve!” he called after the shadowy figure as a set of elevator doors close around his silhouette. Tony walked faster. He needed to know. If he couldn’t salvage what they had, the least he could do was get a name or a face of the people that hurt Steve and do everything in his power to make sure it never happened again.
Steve’s lips curled up into a small smile as he got up from the couch. “I don’t know. I think it’s good. The Fridge Hall of Fame could use another addition.”
“Engaged and therefore of no interest to me," he said, brushing her off like a piece of lint on his suit. "Besides, Pepper has been at my side for years. She knows all my little quirks.”
Normally I'd wait another 12 hours before posting this chapter, but I'm having one of "those" kind of days. Enjoy the (for me) unusually long chapter. Don't get used to it. Next week is much shorter.
Steve cocked his head to the side. “Weren’t you listening when Coulson filled you in? He told you everything we know about the Dollhouse, about your injury, about what Director Stane did to you.”
“You okay with just a mason jar? I don’t have anything fancy,” said Steve, pouring them each a glass of amber liquid.
Steve nodded in agreement as wordless seconds of shared history passed between them. Things like that didn’t need to be said. It was a common enough experience among first generation Americans. The bullying, prejudice, pain, and confusion was something they faced every day. To find someone else with a similar story in such a bustling city was always an unsaid comfort. To know you weren’t alone, or going crazy, as faceless people went about their business was a reassurance.
Bucky popped a look over their barricade just in time to see War Machine turn and walk away to the noise at the other end of the building.
Tony rolled his eyes. He took a seat at the edge of the bed and whispered into Steve’s ear. “You spoil him too much.”
“He’s still Steve, right? Maybe, maybe it’s just the wolf that doesn’t recognize you,” Tony said, trying to salvage the situation.
“No, I don’t want the arm going out in the next shipment. Who the hell even authorized that? ” Tony yelled into the phone. He listens to the person on the other end of the line, stress pulling the back of his rumpled dress shirt into a tight line. Tony lets out a sigh, undoubtedly fed up with the train of events. “I understand. I’ll get right on it.”
Tony didn’t look up from the magnifying glass as he wired a disarray of coils together. “Wouldn’t be mine or Pep’s. You’re the one that wanted the extra heat.”
"Wouldn't have written the paper if I didn't think so," he replied with a smile. Steve suddenly felt very out of place. Jane spoke ‘Tony’ and Tony spoke ‘Jane’. Steve felt a strange need to pull his shoulders back and stand at full height despite Jane being more than a few inches shorter than him.
“How do can you be so sure?” asked Steve. “With everything that’s been going on, how can you be sure about anything?”
“Wait, did you just… Of course you did,” Tony said with a sour laugh. “Because you’ve decided to side with him from now on instead of your injured boyfri- You know what, don’t worry about it. I get it. He’s cute. Hard to say no to a face like that.”
“Let me do it,” he said, dabbing a spot right below Steve’s cheek bone “Don’t you guys have mirrors here?”
He wouldn’t say everything was perfect, but it seemed like at that moment Tony’s personal walls finally came down. He looked so at peace with the world. Centered in his element. Steve secretly wished he could see Tony like that every day for the rest of his life.
“Damnit." Bucky ran a frustrated hand through his hair. His eyes looked upward as he considered their opinions. "Well, I got a couple of contacts that I haven’t tried to sell our stuff to. I’ll shake ‘em down and let you know.”
"Nothing much," Sam admitted. "But I think someone knows more than they're letting on. According to SHIELD’s black and white, a few shops got renovated between last night and this morning. Lots of holes, empty casings, and spilled goods. What they forgot to mentions the fact that theses shops are fronts for small time solicitors." Solicitors meaning less than legal trading of goods.
Natasha stopped pacing. She bent down to Steve’s level and tried to look him in the eye. “Everything okay Steve?” she asked, her voice gentle.  “Last time I saw you, New York hot dogs picked you right up.”
The plan. The plan would be outright ruined. Whoever was smuggling weapons onto the streets would have a heyday with the amount of suddenly legal and valuable property curtesy of one Anthony Stark “outed fairy”. Forget the leak. Losing the company would break open the damn. His name would be more than ruined, it would be ventilated and throw to the bottom of the Hudson with only a pair of cement shoes for comfort.
Tony turned his attention away from the dance floor. He was about to say something like, “Sorry. I was busy destroying my fantasies about asking this really cute guy I might like out on a date,” but when he got a look at the customer, the snarky remark disappeared.
With practiced fingers, Tony rung out the towel in a small bowl. He downed his whiskey in one go and took a sip of vodka for good luck. Water in one hand and sanitized towel in the other, Tony rounded the bar and began making his way toward Steve.
“Tony,” interrupted Steve before his boyfriend could get too off track. “Whatever it is, I want to hear it.”
Posting a bit early because I have enkai with my co-workers tonight and I'm seeing Mad Max for the first time tomorrow. I hate that Japan get's movies so much later than everyone else.  WHY IS AGE OF ULTRON COMING OUT ON JULY 4TH? WHY COULDN'T YOU GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER FASTER LIKE THE REST OF THE WORLD! D:
“Like the plague,” Stane replied with a smile and a familiar hug. “What have you been up to lately? I haven’t heard so much as a peep out of you since you dropped out of MIT.”
War Machine’s hand precariously began to descend to a small bulge under his jacket. “Is that a threat I hear?”
Stane let out a heavy focused breath, trying to draw their thoughts away from the opinions of others. When his eye’s met Tony’s, the red lines of stress and frustration were nowhere to be seen. “These people don’t live like us Tony,” Stane said in a quieter, reasonable voice. “They don’t buy swanky clothes, or attend high profile parties where each plate is over twenty bucks. They live paycheck to paycheck, spending money on what they need, saving a dismissible sum of leftover coins under their mattress. The fact that they have work in this economy is a miracle. If you send everyone home right now, they might not be around when we open our doors again. And I’m not just talking about other work Tony.”
Quite the coincidence, but Tony’s not about to tell her that. “In that case, I’ll be on my way. Enjoy your dinner, Missus Barnes.”
Tony slowly woke up with the morning sun warming his back, the smell of saltwater in his nose, and the sound of crashing waves breaking on the white sand. A cool breeze from an open window of the beach house embraced Tony’s naked body while sleepy legs tangled themselves further into soft sheets.
Pepper rolled her eyes. “First time you did that, I thought you were giving me the opportunity of a lifetime. Now, I just see it as you being lazy.”
And this was the part Tony was dreading. “Hey, don’t beat yourself up too much. He’s been through a lot.”
"Jane said the next batch of Odin's Beer should be ready by week's end, but the Asgardian Mead will need until mid week of next before it is ready for consumption."
Tony hummed as Steve pressed a few possessive kisses into Tony’s neck. “Whatever you say, husband-to-be,” he hummed.
Steve looked up with those irresistible baby blues with an innocent face he swore was not intentional.
“Hard to forget,” said Tony. “The way you threw that shield, it was like watching a game of billiards in real life. A beautiful understanding of physics if I do say so myself.”
"I hate to break up your lovely get together,” Sam said, stepping forward from the congregated group. “But we've got deliveries to make and I want to snag this new guy before Steve insists on doing the run on his own."
Suddenly, the door burst open. Steve jumped back as Morgan ran into the room. “Purple Princess Morgan reporting for duty! Ready to go Steve?”
“Listen Joe,” Steve snarled. “I’ve had a pretty bad night all things considering, and if you want to stay in one piece, you’re going to tell me who you are and who you work for.” He lightly pushed the blade passed the cloth for emphasis and felt a reassuring red warmth trickle down his fingers.
“Lots of things,” Steve said, the words coming out slower than normal as the pencil moved expertly across the white page. “Mostly shapes and angles when I start out. A little bit about muscles and skeletal structures, and there’s a lot of looking up and down so I can draw the reference image right.”
Tony sighed. God he hated being responsible. He really didn’t want to release it. The thing wasn’t even close to being ready, but everything else was in the ‘Obie doesn’t need to know’ file, so that left little to use as a distraction. “I don’t have a sample, but I can give you a copy of the plans,” he said, handing over a thick roll of drafting paper.
“And how many times do you think I’ve heard that,” she asked, crossing her arms in clear annoyance. “I’ve only been here a few weeks, and even I know the people who organize and categorize all these forms are crap at their job.”
"Your neighbor," said Tony as he slowly pushed himself up and brushing the dirt of a large package. "Sharon's a sweet woman. Saw me knocking at your door and told me where to find you. But for an operation like this," he motioned to the crates of bootleg that just so happened to be sunning themselves in exactly the wrong place. "You really should get better security."
“You’re soft and flexible, yet as hard and as stubborn as raw iron. You burn like the sun, yet you never let those you love catch fire. Your body is covered in scars from betrayal and years of fighting an unwinnable war, yet you still carry your heart on your sleeve. You’re one of the smartest men I know. You can talk circles around me any day of the week, yet I never feel stupid.
“Spread out,” he heard a muffled voice call out as hard boots stomped across the cold floor.” I want to see the floors covered in their blood within the next five minutes.”
A large warm hand pressed over Tony’s mouth silencing him. Tony tried to cry out in protest, but stopped when he saw the terror in Steve’s eyes. “You’re still going after him?” Steve harshly whispered as Rumlow crept past their hideout. “You saw what that thing could do. You’ll be vaporized in an instant.”
Steve felt his heart being crushed. Better now than later. But it was his town. His baby Brooklyn that was being insulted. And by the look on Tony’s face, he was beginning to realize what he had done. Bucky always did say when Steve got sad or confused he could easily mistaken for a kicked puppy.
Steve gasped. He had expected the device to feel cold to the touch, but to his surprise, the metal circle was warm. Steve ran his fingers along the circumference of the device. His hand danced away from the metal and pressed against the glass above the glowing light. He closed his eyes and felt the quiet hum of the machine. Each thrum under his fingers felt like a heartbeat. Like it was alive.
Yeah, like that wasn’t code for ‘business is going belly side up, and I have no clue what I’m going to do.’ Tony threw his hands up in defense, acting as nonchalant as possible. “Okay. Fine, guess I won’t refer you to one of my friends who's looking to get a little something extra for his big shindig.”
“Can you live with that guilt, Tony?” asked Stane in a comforting, fatherly voice that implied he was only looking out for Tony’s best interest. “That, because of your selfishness, you put so many on death row because they can no longer work and no longer provide for their families?”
Rhodey’s smiling face was relief to see. But there was a sickening twist to the grin that told Tony that not all was right in the world.
Steve let out a wistful sigh. “I couldn’t stop even if I wanted to. And, believe me, we both tried.”
In the back of his head, he registered Pepper giving a stern whispering to Clint before a warm hand grazed his shoulder. “Tony,” Pepper said in that warm and wonderful voice that made him feel like everything would be okay. “For what it’s worth, I’m happy that you’re trying to move on.”
I got a bed!!!!! :D And a friend is visiting from the states, and I get to go to Tokyo and Ikebukuro and Comikit, and I have to take a 4 hour test... wait... what?
Tony let out a breath of relief and dropped the rock. “Damn it Hawkeye. Don’t sneak up on me like that.”
"Oh come on Steve. This way you get to go with Barnes. You're always doting on him. Might as well give you two some quality time alone, if you know what I’m saying.”
Rhodey pointed to the other side of the plane. The seat younger Tony occupied was now empty. “Tony’s gone. He ran off while you two were yelling your heads off.”
“I am.” Tony winced in pain as the needle pierced his skin. “But these things just happen sometimes. I went out for a walk, just minding my own business, and a guy just happened to jump me.”
“Not now Banner,” Tony snapped. He didn’t have time to deal with ‘I can’t’. The only thing he wanted to hear out of anyone’s mouth at this point was ‘yes, boss.’
The ocean looked cold. Glaciers jutted out from the water. Ice floes drifted to and fro across the black surface. Not even the seals wanted to be in the water at this time of night. They’d rather sleep on sheets of ice than go for a late night swim. And yet Tony didn’t have a choice. It was now or never. He just really wasn’t looking forward to jumping in.
Well, that was one way of looking at it. “I’ll… um… tell you when you’re older,” he said, trying to hide the flush creeping up his neck.
A few minutes later, there was a knock on the back door of the truck. Tony opened it and there he was; big, blond, breathtaking, and as stiff as a board.
“I do.” Because of course, a potential big money buyer had to have that problem.  “Leader of the Brooklyn Boys interested in Tony, seems like my business.”
Steve’s cheeks burned as hot as their sex last night. “Let’s forget about that. How about I make you those pancakes like you asked?” he said, quickly ushering the kid away from his room and away from a very naked Tony.
“I got eyes on the package,” reported Pepper. “We might be missing a few handhelds, but most of its still here.”
Tony hummed as he read the blocky title at the top of the page. “’My family.’ Like the title, but why does Steve have a shield? Isn’t that Uncle Sam’s shield?”
It took Rhodey a few shallow breaths before he released his anger. He hadn’t forgiven Tony for derailing him (far from it if past memories were anything to go by) but his posture relaxed enough for Tony to assume he would let the topic go for now. Rhodey ran a hand against the back of his neck. “Do you think this is right?” he asked in a soft voice. “All this. I know you don’t go out of your way just for anybody.”
“Steve, let me help,” Tony wined, kicking the wooden crate Steve had so delicately told him to ‘sit and stay’ on. “Please?” Tony pushed out his bottom lip and quivered it for extra effect. They were on their last stop for the night and Steve had insisted they walk it instead of drive.
Tony’s hands were the last thing to change. His nails grew until the tips formed gentle points perfect for digging or catching prey. Red webbing, hidden tight in the valley of his fingers, turned soft. Tony ran his fingers through the current a few times allowing the webbing to relax and stretch back out like a fan.
Unceremoniously, Tony stomped back over to Rumlow and ripped off the arm, throwing it as far as he could in the opposite direction. It landed with a less than satisfying clatter less than a few feet from them. “I’m not losing anyone else because of my stupidity,” Tony muttered, trying to reign in his emotions. “Not now. Never again. I’ve seen too many good people die because of me, and I’ll be damned if I add your name to the list.”
“Don’t you have some place where you can work this stuff out on your own?" asked Steve. "Someplace where you can tinker around?”
Iron Family stunt aside, Hydra was to blame for all the recent fuss. Kept doing stupid things like makin hits on big name families, little name gangs, even went as low as to attack civilian spots. Steve figured something big must be going down in the ranks, seeing as some of their agents were attacking their own hideouts, but for the love of all that was good and holy, he couldn’t be bothered to figure out why.
“Can you blame me?” Tony asked with a flirty wink. “I’m stretched between two companies and three different identities. I am the definition of stressed and overworked. I have to get my kicks from somewhere.”
Tony twisted his heel deeper into the sensitive flesh, but man didn’t answer. His squeezed his eyes shit and bit down on his bottom lip until a line of blood dripped down his chin and onto the floor.
“Of all the dumb ways to die, I never expected it would be due to a paradox,” Bucky yelled over the din.
"Unless they give us reason to worry, best to keep doing what we've been doing and keep our heads down. If Sam's info is as reliable as he says it is,"
“Watch yourself champ,” Tony said, peeking out through his fingers. “The list of things I like is short, and you can be knocked down at any time.”
Captain flag’s cheeks turned pink. “It was nothing. Really. You guy had it under control. We just picked off the stragglers. You’re… You guys are really good with guns.”
Natasha didn’t say anything at first. She took a bite of her dog and chewed in silent solidarity. When she did speak, it was short and direct. “Give me the skinny. How can I help?”
Pepper tried her best not to look like she wanted to throttle him. “There’s a lot of paperwork that goes through this company, and the reports seem to have gotten ‘lost’ in the mail.”
Steve tried not to stare too much as he pulled out a piece of old newsprint and began sketching Tony’s form with strong dark strokes of charcoal. He hardly noticed when his fingers began to blacken as he added detail to the basic structures. He had to make the point just right if he wanted to capture the shadows and curves of the image perfectly. His eyes flashed up and down calculating and recreating each and every detail with his hands. As the image began to match reality, Steve felt that familiar rush of satisfaction.
With heavy steps, Steve force his way past. Tony didn’t try to hold him back again, but he did beg. “Come on Steve. Let me in. I really need to know what we’re dealing with here.”
Tony bit down on his lip. He did, but the thought of saying it aloud made his stomach flip like one of Morgan’s spring-loaded toys. “Or, and feel free to say no. Because, you know, this might be a bit much-”
This wasn’t the man Steve went to war with. This wasn’t the man who fought by his side and fought against Steve’s every order. They hadn’t shared burgers at a dive bar or gotten trapped in Little Italy during a rainstorm. This wasn’t the same Tony that made fun of him for mixing up Star Wars and Star Trek and then proceeded to sit down with and educate Steve on the top twenty most influential science fiction movies to date. This wasn’t the man Steve had grown to love over the past few years. This wasn’t the man Steve wanted to marry. Not yet.
The press of Bruce’s fingers felt good on Tony’s skin. He’d rather have Steve take his pulse, but Bruce was good too. Anything was good if it gave him a clean bill of health.
Tony’s mouth dropped. “You didn’t.” The smug shit eating grin on Steve’s face grew in tandem with Tony’s smile. “You fight dirty Rogers. Saying something like that on your home turf. You know I can’t say anything against you if I don’t want to start a riot.”
To the left side of the large entrance, there was a colored girl behind the reception desk, pecking furiously away on a typewriter. Surprised, Steve looked around for another reception desk. Nothing.  Anyone else behind the desk? Nope. Just a girl with brown paper skin and coffee brown hair typing away on something that one could assume was a very import document. Leave it to Stark Industries to be progressive and hire a colored girl to be the sole receptionist. Guy must have an iron pair setting up a situation where bigoted men would have to interact with a colored girl.
Sam pressed two fingers to his temple and tried not to swear. “Steve, you can’t just sit here all night waiting for Bucky to recover. It’s not going to make the surgery go any faster. Look, there’s a bathroom and a sink down that way. Go wash up.”
“Yes, we do. See?” she said, dragging Tony back to the window. She pointed past the crowd of military men to a group of seven that had isolated themselves off from the normal riff raff.
Tony snorted in amusement, hiding his face in the palm of Steve’s palm. “What? Don’t think I can take care of myself?” he asked. Tony never really saw himself as the ‘damsel in distress’ type. But, maybe he would be okay with it if Steve was his knight in shining armor.
Tony put the tray of meat down and unlocked a well-worn wooden delivery tunnel. He slid the tray of meat through and quickly closed it before the wolf could bite his hand off.
In the kitchen, Steve chuckled. “Give yourself a break, Tony. You’re getting your family’s company back. That’s got to require a lot of paperwork.”
“I want the place looking spotless by the end of the week!” he yelled. “I want rum runners ready with the local best before we open at the end of the month. We only got one shot at this, and if we don’t do well, I’ll do more than shoot bullets at your head. Am I clear?”
Steve watched Tony retreat back under the covers and let out a heavy sigh. Guess he was on his own for this one.
“Well don’t,” a stern voice chastised the three men as if they were arguing children. “We don’t want to ruin a perfectly good evening.” A hand popped between them, breaking the tension. "Jane Foster," she said holding out her hand for Tony to take. Thank god for Jane and her instincts.
“Then I’m trusting you with this,” Steve pleaded in a voice that made it sound more like a command. “I’ve seen how Tony moves. You can’t move fast enough to get your stuff back on your own, but you can do a lot of damage. Hit them where it hurts. Hit them fast, and my guys can be your hands and feet to get whatever they got of yours off their hands.”
“Hurry up and eat your breakfast,” he said, pushing a plate toward Tony. “We can talk about this more after you finish eating.”
A loud blast from far side of the building made all three iron suits jump. War Machine looked around his hideout and returned fire. His voice was high and panicky. “I really don’t think this is the time or place to-”
Tony swam around the iceberg and saw a WW2 bomber plane also trapped in the ice. Nazi Germany by the looks of it. Large. Probably carrying enough bombs to level a city. Poor guy must have died in the line of duty to bring it down. Quite a feat for one man. He didn’t deserve to go out like that.
What about what Tony had said in the car ride here? About making ‘them’ pay. Tony had to be lying. Steve couldn’t imagine Tony doing something like that.
“With what we’re doing, I’d rather do everything I can to keep Obie out of this. He’s like a second father to me and he doesn’t deserve to be on the other end of any fall out for the shit we’re getting into. Do whatever you can to make sure he’s not in the line of fire.”
“You and Jarvis follow up on the missing weapons," Tony said, rolling up his sleeves as far as they could go in today's fashion. "Dig as far as you can go, and then dig some more. I want to know anything that strikes you as odd. I’ll need the distractions.”
The regular beating of shots started up again. Tony listened under the cover of his hands. High pitched, irregularly displaced pings. They were either warning shots or someone was trying to lure them out of hiding.
Tony looked over Steve’s shoulder to see the guys who rudely interrupted them. There had been little time for introductions as the very well-built blonde one (who looked more like a god than an actual human) rushed off to fetch a steak and some ice. The injured party looked like a hobo off the streets rather than someone who could be considered Steve’s friend, let alone the roommate Steve had brusquely introduced him as. Eyes like an assassin that one, and greasy mess of long brown bangs that flopped over his eyes. Tony would guess the guy’s hair  was normally slicked back and well kept, but the lack of appearance could be attributed to whomever gave him that shiner on his face (or whatever caused it.) Must have been a bad brawl considering the severe limp he came in with and the way each breath he took looked painful and labored. Seeing the anxiety on Steve’s face made him feel nervous too. Tony tried to offer some form of advice to ease Steve’s apprehension.
Just as Thor was about to serve the drinks, Steve heard Dr. Banner whispered something to War Machine.  “I know you have a problem with them. If I were you, I’d take care of it now. You know he won’t be happy if we can’t get along.”
When Tony groaned in almost comical pleasure, Steve couldn’t hold back the grin. “This is amazing,” gushed Tony. “Where did you get it? Don’t tell me you had to kill someone for it. Because I would be willing to kill someone for this.
A punch to the face distracted Tony, and the pressure on his bleeding right shoulder was gone. Tony tried to regain focus, but whoever was straddled over him was going to town anywhere above his waist. Tony attempted to cover his face, but at this range it was impossible to miss. Each shot rattled his skull and he felt his life force slowly draining out from the hole in his shoulder. A stray punch hit the arc reactor, buried under layers of protective clothes, and both exclaimed in pain. Metal dug into his flesh and Tony felt very much the need to right himself and adjust the device.
Eventually, the pain dissipated. He looked up. There, right where the ice was weakest was a large crack.
“Well, there you have it Obie,” Tony said, spinning around in his chair. “As much as I am dying to deal with the board, I’m off for lunch with a friend. Wheeling and dealing, that sort of thing. You wouldn’t understand.”
Jan laughed. “It’s not for me, silly. It’s for gambling. Someone’s got to remind these boys what a real woman is like.”
Steve shrugged. “Someone’s gotta sacrifice for the team. It’s not like a capable body is just going to come a knocking and offer assistance.”
“I know, right. I shouldn’t be putting up with this shit, but I just… I don’t know. I’m trying but… It’s really hard to find a decent guy.
The next day, Tony woke up to the smell of wet dog and mildew in the air. He opened his eyes and found himself wrapped in a coat of grey and gold fur.
“I was yelling,” Tony said with a weak shrug. “Dad yelled a lot when I was young. Kid probably thinks I look like him too. Don’t ask me how. I don’t remember what Howard looked like when I was that age, but kid can generalize stuff. Wouldn’t be surprised if he saw the family resemblance.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “It’s really simple. Adults are always saying I can be anything I want. Well, since I can’t be Captain America, I’ll just have to be your wife when I grow up.”
"Barton, you and Rhodey start marking up territory. I want to see our name in the paper when I wake up tomorrow.”
“Tony,” he said, voice strained and clearly tired of the whole shit storm. “We both agree that letting them get away with this is a bad idea. So let me help you.”
Steve shrugged, tying his best not to fall any deeper. “It would be much better if I had quality paper and a good model,” he criticized.
… You know what, screw it. Tony was having a bad day. The werewolf was fed. Tony could take a moment to feed himself. Who was going to tell? The were that couldn’t turn back into a human? Maybe, but that sounded like a problem for later Tony.
“Granted, that wasn’t much,” Pepper agreed with an audible eye roll. “But now we know that the ‘call’ button gets stuck on occasion, so that’s a plus.”
When the man got closer, Steve grabbed a fist full of hair and pulled his head down. Steve brought his right leg up and kneed the man in the nose. The man’s head snapped back like a whip. He screamed bloody murder as his nose bled out like a fountain. He staggered away from the door, but Steve wasn’t done yet. Steve bared his teeth and kicked the man in the gut. The man feel backwards and tumbled back into the room.
But that band of hard light they had extracted from Tony's body, the feeling of his very existence being twisted and broken when gloved hands burrowed into the beam; that felt too real. Tony had felt fingers moving under his skin, making him and unmaking him in whatever way they pleased. The heat was unbearable. He could have burned alive if he wasn’t submerged in water.
“Heartbeat’s a little fast, but considering all the coffee you drink that’s not unusual,” said Bruce, looking up from his watch.
Tony held out the glass of water. Steve took it, but as he did, Tony’s fingers drifted down Steve’s hand and gently caressed the inside of his palm. A shiver ran up Steve’s back. Tony’s touch left a tingling trail of warmth from the crease in Steve’s hand all the way down to his wrist.
“You can’t do that Tony,” challenged Stane. “You can’t shut down an entire company just because you feel like it.”
Update 5/31/15: Active writing and editing will be put on hold until further notice. Chapter 4 and 5 will be posted on schedule (unless I hear requests otherwise). I'm experiencing a lot of stress about an upcoming test as well as work, and it's causing me stomach pains. I've already gotten it checked out and it's not ulcers, but I'm trying to reduce stress, and this is one of the things causing me stress. Hopefully I can resume writing sooner than later. Hope you guys enjoy the next two chapters.
Despite bad visibility, Tony could see that the blast radio was huge. Solid concrete had been upturned from its flat state and was now jutting out of the ground into a silhouette that rich people might say was “modern art.” Large chunks of shrapnel were strewn about the radius in a deathly ripple pattern. And while most of the smaller pieces had bounced off the armor, some larger pieces had embedded themselves into deep into the metal suit.
“Not one for company? That’s fine,” Tony said, knowing when to pick his battles. This werewolf isn’t the first picky eater he’s had and it certainly won’t be the last. “Just promise me you’ll try a little bit before it gets cold. Or, well, colder than it already is.”
Sam only blew out a harsh stream of air, equally exhausted as the Cap. " I don't know what to tell you that you haven't thought of already. Keep your head down? Like I said, I don't think these guys mess around with small time."
“We aren’t dealing with anything,” Steve shouted over his shoulder. He was determined to walk out of the door without showing a single shred of weakness. “I just came to ask a favor. That’s all. If you can’t help, I’ll find someone else.”
Tony sat up, careful to keep his emotions in check. “Let’s do it." Firm resolve in his voice. "Sooner we catch these guys; the less likely it’ll be that I have to shut down the company.”
“Oh, well, if Jarvis says so.” Steve fluffed up a few pillows for extra support sat down at the end of the bed so Tony had plenty of room to stretch out. “Like most good stories, this one starts in Paris…”
Tony rolled his eyes. He looked around for anything suspicious before going up and tapping the window on the driver’s side with his knuckle. "You guys spying on me now?" Tony asked the window.
Despite Steve’s sputtered words of protest, Tony sat himself down, made himself at home amongst the clutter, and started taking apart the heater, tuning out anything that wasn’t related to the mechanical wiring.
“A bomb, that’s what,” Tony summarized, not interested in explaining the details. “Help me get your friend out of here so we can get him some medical attention.”
Shit. He didn’t have time for this. “None of your business, kraut,” Tony growled, wiping the wet spit off his chin.
“You’d have liked what they’ve done with the place. Nat and the new guy,” Tony says, taking a swig of whisky right from the bottle. “Made Timely into a right proper town. Where the law is just and not something to be twisted by greedy, fat hands. I just… wish you could see it for yourself.
“Nothing,” Tony said to the nonverbal wolf. “It’s just… um… I… um… I, you know, I gotta get this checked out. By like, and actual professional? Or semi-professional who has thumbs and can use a first aid kit? Kinda huts like hell. So… um… yeah. See you later?”
“Tuesdays,” he called. Steve’s hands began to sweat when Tony stopped but didn’t turn around. “I’m usually here on Tuesdays. Sometimes on Thursdays,” he called once more.
Seeing nothing besides a sea of white, brown, and black, Tony’s thoughts drifted to giving up. Maybe it was already too late. Maybe it was his fate to be alone for the rest of his life. To fail every single good person he encountered until there was nothing left of him except that of an old, grumpy, has been. Maybe Steve was meant to be far away from him. Far enough away that a shiny bullet would never find a home between the two hemispheres of Steve’s brain.
He swarm as fast as his fins could go. He glided along the current, using them to propel him forward. And just as he was about to plant face first in a block of ice, Tony made a sharp turn and slammed the back of the RT into the ice.
Expensive drinks! Oh shit. Reality hit him like a sack of bricks. Without any indication, Tony had set them up with their first high profile client. Realizing the level of professionalism and discretion that was required when dealing with high profile clients, Steve suddenly felt nervous and very out of place. What the hell was Tony thinking recommending him to a place like this?
Steve didn’t stop. “Steve! Wait up!” Steve didn’t wait. He forced himself to walk as far away from the building as possible. And when the eyesore of a building was finally out of sight, blocked by other faceless structures, Steve let loose. Damn the consequences! Steve curdled his hand into a solid fist and punched at a nameless brick wall. The resounding crunch felt so satisfying. An army of cracks ran out from the place of impact. With a twist of his fist, red pebbles fell to the ground in a rain of red dust.
“We’re on vacation, sunshine. There is no such thing as getting up on time,” Tony said, slowly rolling over to his back and pushing Steve away.
Steve walked out of the kitchen with two steaming mugs in hand. He smiled the moment he caught Tony’s eye. “Brought you something to keep you going.”
Sam took a cautious step back, holding his hands up in a weak attempt to protect himself from Steve’s wrath. “Steve?” he asked, his voice calm and gentle
Steve cleared his throat. “I wanted to wait for the perfect moment; dinner, romantic music, something that would sweep you off your feet. But… I think this way is better. I might regret the lack of pictures in the future, but I’d be hard pressed to find a better moment that this.”
As they listened to the heavy sounds of footsteps disappearing down into a basement, anxiety filling Steve’s chest with each passing second, Sam leaned over and whispered into Steve’s ear, “Who the hell is the Engineer?”
Sam let out a tired sigh. “That’s not an answer. ” His eyes drifted down to the cup in Steve’s side. “Did you drink any of that?”
“Get down!” he yelled, seconds before a bullet buried itself in his arm. He fell down from the impact, clutching in arm in pain as flower of blood began to bloom through his shirt and jacket. A desperate warning cry of “Tony!” was lost amidst his own screams of pain. He had been shot before, but experience never blunts the surprise and shock at the initial injury.
“Is a non-issue at this point in time,” advised Bruce, putting his foot down on the matter once and for all. “We’re here for the booze, not personal agendas.” He turned to them, his body like a wall between the two factions. “You stuff checks out with me, but I need to take the bottles back for the other members of the inner circle to sample.”
Tony let out a satisfied sigh as he sunk into the feeling of sea water filling his lungs once again. God, it had been too long since he had done this.
Steve tripped on something. It couldn’t be uneven stones. The ground looked completely smooth in the dim light. Maybe a stray rock…“Tony!” Steve yelled, recovering from the fall with amazing grace.
Tony threw down his tools in defeat. “What’s the matter with you? No, I am not breaking up with him. We weren’t together to begin with. I’ve known him less than two weeks and only seen him for a few hours during that time. There is no way we could be together.
Logically Steve understood that both he and Tony led complicated lives. Their sources of income were illegal. Their work and any discussions regarding such topics had to be made of well fabricated lies. As rum runner, Steve understood this. He understood the risks. Sometimes people got caught in the middle of a firefight and he just had to accept that. Yet, why did learning about Tony’s true identity hurt so much? Why did Tony hide his identity from Steve for so long?
The ride over to Tony’s speakeasy was a blur of noises and lights. All Steve could focus on was Bucky and how much pain he was in. Sweat rolled down his brow. Blood drained from his cheeks until his face was as white winter snow. Steve had sacrificed his suspender to make a tourniquet in an attempt to stop the blood, but it didn’t do much good. The bleeding slowed down, but it never stopped. With each bump in the road, another drop of blood fell to the metal floor; another drop of blood that Bucky needed to survive.
He looked away, already feeling the guilt gnawing away on his insides. It may be a question of semantics, but to Steve, the excuse made him feel like he was no better than those creeps working with Hydra. “I don’t want them Nat. I need them. There’s a difference.” And it broke his heart to confess that weakness aloud.
“Tony!” Steve pushed a hand against Tony’s mouth, blushing brighter and harder than Tony had ever seen before.
Tony let out a tired groan. Morning sex sounded good, but Tony wasn’t up for it. Well, let’s be honest, the
Stane unrolled the paper. His face twisted in confusion. “What’s this?” Ah, he had found the mess of numbers and computations. Not even a fraction of crazy compared to the preliminary diagrams and layouts.
“This,” replied Schmidt, stroking the thick fingers of the gauntlet as if it were a treasured lover, “is the hope for Deutschland given physical form. The new right hand of the German people.” He chuckled, gazing at the weapon with longing eyes. “As always, Stark’s work is unparalleled.”
"Tony," Steve breathed the name like it was precious life on his lips. "It's perfect." In his hands, Steve held the highest quality sketch pad he had ever seen. How many times had he pinned after that earthy brown cover as it stood steadfast like a soldier in the storefront window off 3rd street? Every time he passed it, Steve always lingered a few seconds more than necessary to marvel at the quality before moving on his way. It was a dream, like so many others, that he had left only for fantasies because of his reality. He didn’t have the time. He didn’t have the money. And yet, he was holding it in his hands. A pad of sketch paper and a set of expensive charcoal sticks. The firm thickness of the pages pressing against his fingers reminding him that, yes, this was real.
“Tony, it’s okay,” Steve said, taking Tony’s hand in his. “He may be a little chatty, but it’s fine.”
In such close quarters, lips were loose and ears were always listening for gossip. Tony had to monitor his actions every second of the day if he didn’t want to get discovered. And there was no guarantee Tony’s interest would be returned if he found someone who caught his eye. He hoped, but one could never be too sure.
Steve nodded as the pair slowly made their way to the edge of the park. “Real bad. Jones says he’s business is on the up and up, and he can’t take a risk on bathtub booze like ours. He says there’s rumor going around ‘bout a new joint opening up in the next few weeks, and he can’t risk losing customers to unclean homemade stuff.”
“Fixed your heater,” said Tony, wiping his hands on a white handkerchief. Was that silk? “If I had better tools and supplies, I could make significant improvements. But for now, it’ll do what it’s supposed to do, make hot or cold air. Boring. I’d love to modify it to see if I could make toast.”
a civilian should have. A single, large man stood guard over the exit. He had a spine tingling glint in his eye that Tony had seen in too many men just itchin’ for a fight.
"Dammit Donald! I thought I told Jane to talk to you about this," Bucky said, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
Steve’s blood suddenly turned cold. “Tony!” Steve rushed over to Tony’s side. He ran a hand over Tony’s cheek. Nothing. Two fingers on Tony’s wrist. Pulse, still there. Thank god.
Now wasn’t the time to be angry at his short fallings. Now was the time for revenge. He only had a few seconds to act before things were irreversibly damaged, and he planned to make use of every single bloody second of it.
“So you still have your tongue huh?” said Iron Man with distain. “Rescue, bag ‘em up and take them to the lab. I want them ready for Hulk to question when I get back.”
“I need the Iron Family front and center as a distraction for Hydra’s heavy hitters,” ordered Steve, pushing his face into the receiver. “Tony said his armor could take a hit, so I’m assuming the same can be said for you guys since you’re all ‘family.’”
Shocked at Steve’s speed, Tony hesitated a second too long. Tony dodged the first hit, but a left hook made contact with the chest plate. Iron Man was unharmed, but Tony winced at the sound of bone against metal.
“Panic attack,” Steve explained. He gave Tony’s hand a gentle squeeze. “It’s over for now, but he’s still a little shaky.”
“Go ahead,” said Tony. He moved away from the workstation. “Give it a quick kneed and knock out some of the air. But not too much. We don’t want to ruin all our work from earlier.”
“No time like the present,” the man said with a confident bounce. “I also don’t know the next time I’ll get to see you so…”
Tony’s attention was immediately piqued. “Now see, this is exactly why I didn’t tell you I was Iron Man in the first place,” Tony said with a salty lit to his voice. “Being a mob boss is a dangerous line of work, and I refuse to drag you into this mess.”
As it turned out Tony wasn’t at St. Mary’s (big shock there), but when Steve called the number on Tony’s business card, Tony answered the phone like nothing happened. He said nothing about his injuries unless prompted and whenever Steve even hinted at the kiss during those first few days, Tony  promptly hung up without so much as a ‘by your leave’.
That only made Tony’s confusion worse. “How? Accidental baby from a night gone wrong? Badly made clone? Wait, don’t tell me. He’s Clint’s clone.”
Angry heat burned his cheeks as his eyes welled up with tears. Furry and sorrow clawed at his chest as he tried desperately to hold back the waterfall of emotions. “You weren’t there,” his voice cracked. “You weren’t there to hear those bastards drive off , and how stupidly happy those fuckers were when they thought I died, not giving a damn about who they had to shoot through to get to me.”
“But you weren’t content with that. You saw my brain map, thought it was interesting, and called me upstairs so you could analyze and understand me better. You didn’t find what you wanted, so you kept calling me up and it just grew from there.”
Bruce considered the request and then acknowledged it with a brusque nod. “Need to run it past the inner circle, but it shouldn’t be too much of an accommodation. For now, keep your heads low. We’ll be in touch.” Taking the two samples in hand, he headed toward a flight of stairs down to a basement and, most likely, a get-away-car.
“But Steve,” he whispered, trying to appeal to Steve’s logic. “This is why I’m here. This is why I’m dressed up as Iron Man and not Tony Stark mild- mannered inventor.”
Steve let out a frustrated sigh as soon as the others were out of earshot. "Think they'll come this way?" asked Steve. Theories and strategies were already forming in his head. With all the moving parts in his life, new competition was really not something he wanted in his life right now.
Tony sighed. A child with absolutely no tact. Yup, that was probably him. Or maybe that was children in general. Well, there was more than one way to find out. “What can I say kid, mid-forties will do that for you.”
Tony was seconds from giving her a witty retort when the doors closed around him, leaving him alone with only his thoughts as company. And when you’re as sharp as Tony Stark, leaving a man with his thoughts is not a good idea. He tried not to dwell on her comment too much, but as doubts surfaced, they became harder and harder to ignore amid the silence.
Tony chuckled. It sounded tired and soulless. When was the last time Tony had smiled or laughed? “When are they not? Pepper says ‘danger’ is my middle name, but I’m partial to ‘regular reckless endangerment to my own health’ personally.”
“I’m not saying it’s a bad thing,” defended Bruce. As if Tony’s ego needed defending. “I’m just saying that, whoever is doing this for you must be worth something.”
A blond woman sat behind a solitary desk acting as a small barrier to a wooden office door neatly labeled ‘T. Stark’. Steve could barely keep up with her pace, but he could tell Ms. Potts was quite angry. “Ms. Summers, out of my chair!”
Steve’s cheeks turned pink. He dropped his gaze and let out a breathy chuckle. “I could,” said Steve and god, how did this beautiful man manage to be so adorable? “But I’d like to make what we have official before I do something like that.”
“You mean like this?” Steve whispered quietly into Tony’s ear as his strong arms reached around Tony’s smaller frame, wrapping him into a loose hug. Two large hands wrapped around the ends of the rolling pin, effectively trapping Tony’s calloused fingers beneath their warm embrace. Steve pushed the dough out in one long stroke, pressing his large chest against Tony’s back.
“I’m fine! Keep going.” he called back. The last thing he needed was his crew slowing down and getting caught. They needed to get gone, but as the leader, Steve needed to know what they were dealing with.
At that moment, Steve looked perfect under the dim streetlamp. The contours of his face highlighted in golden light, a light dusting of color on his cheeks that could easily be mistaken for an affectionate blush. A small white cloud of warm breath in the cool, spring night that swirled carelessly in the air between them. In stupid bravery, Tony gravitated closer to Steve, in hopes of catching that cloud with his mouth. Steve’s breath hitched, but he didn’t move away. Tony saw the heaviness of each breath in the night air as each cloud grew larger and denser with each second. Tony’s own whitened breath merged with Steve’s, and wasn’t that just perfect.
Was Steve okay? Did Hydra gang up and beat the living crap out of him? Did they break any bones? How many times would Iron Man have to kill them before Steve’s broken pride was avenged?
Fair warning that there will be some period specific homophobic language due to the historical context, but I'm trying to keep it at a minimum. Please let me know if I need to tag anything else.
Steve gave him the best 'I'm getting tired of your bull shit, so just shut your face,' look that he could muster. "Winter Soldier, I need an increase in security at all times. Of our turf, collateral, and all other things that anyone might be interested in."
Tony looked down at his dick and a wave of embarrassment washed over him. The white sheet was soaked with his precome. From the tip of his dick down past his crotch, white fabric clung to his cock, accentuating every single vein. Tony could see his dark red head twitching with anticipation, fighting the restraining hold of the sheet. Tony had been holding back for the past week, and now look at him. How could he have allowed things to get this bad?
“Just because we’re not at war doesn’t mean the needs for weapons goes away. I told you before, Russia is undergoing a revolution as we speak. They need weapons, Tony. I’ve been contacted by five different factions within the past month about new contracts. And with that Hitler guy as the head of Germany and the Nazi party, it’s possible that all of Europe might got to war again in the next few years. We’re talking about global opportunities here Tony, not just domestic.”
The machine whirled down as the light recharged. But the peace didn’t last long. With a forward jerk, War Machine shouldered a daunting weapon and began sending rounds into the darkness of the warehouse.
She shrugged. “Just because I didn’t like using them for the home country doesn’t mean I don’t like using them at all. Besides,” she slipped on a pair of black gloves. “I need to keep myself up to par. Don’t want to get sloppy. And if I’m going to get paid for a job, I’d rather get paid doing this than singing at a jazz bar, draping myself over the piano to solicit a good time.”
Tony knew what would happen before he felt the shockwaves under his fingers. Iron Man went down like a tower of bricks. Tony and the suit clattered to the floor with enough noise that it would rouse all of Midtown. Tony desperately tried to get the suit back up and running, but the force of the impact was wreaking havoc on his controls.
Smooth as an assembly line, and as quiet as mice, Thor worked the lids open while Sam and Bucky carefully placed them on the ground. As they peered into the crate the gang began to smile as Steve’s heart sunk. It was like Christmas, but with less cheer and more guilt. Steve reached in and pulled out a cold, sleek handgun. He shifted the semi in his hands, letting the gravity of the gun sink into his hands and his conscience. This was people’s hard work and honest pay he was taking. This was someone’s bread and butter. It wasn’t right to take something like this.
“And don’t even get me started on the delivery system,” she continued on, clearly in her own little world. “I’m a front desk secretary and yet somehow I get a form asking for fifty tons of steel and ten crates containing machine gun bullets and fourteen extra-long clips. You would think after I ask around somebody would have some idea of who sent it or where it should go, but nope. Everyone I talk to is completely useless. Most people would think the factory guys would know all the little ins and outs, but strike two there. And now I’m left with an unfulfilled request form hanging from the little space I’m supposed to call a desk, staring back at me like a disappointed kitten.”
The frustration in Steve’s face fell  away. “I didn’t mean-” he stuttered. “I don’t want to push you-”
“Steve!” Tony screamed into the radio. No response. “You fucking idiot, your com’s not working.” He banged the receiver a few times praying it was just a loose wire in his system, but the prototype refused to connect.
From outside the building, they heard the sound of glass raining down onto the pavement. The small amount of light filtering in from the windows high above their head begins to disappear.
“Concern yourself no more my friend," said Tony as he got in the car. "I came up with a plan while gallivanting across the rooftops, waiting for my knight in shining armor to save me."
“Steve, don’t you-” Tony’s warning was immediately cut off as Steve’s lips stole the words from Tony’s mouth with a kiss. It started off gentle – a soft press on his lips. Then, it turned dirty. Steve’s teeth bit down on Tony’s bottom lip, sucking any words of discouragement into Steve’s needy mouth. Then came the tongue, hungry for Tony’s attention. Tony tried to pull away but no matter which way he went, Steve was there, ready to drown Tony with his talented lips. Not that Tony could say
The ground under the building began to shake. Hanging fixtures swung back and forth like leaves in the wind. Lights flickered on and off. Dishes rattled. Drinking glasses of all shapes and sizes fell off the shelves and crashed on the ground.
“Options? What did he mean by options?” asked Steve. Steve didn’t have a good feeling about ‘opinions’ going by the look on Tony’s face and the tone he used.
It took a few seconds before Steve realized that he was feeling a slight heaviness in his lungs. His feet felt heavy too, and the only thing he could do to ease the feeling was to shuffle them back and forth across the cobbled street. He didn’t want to go. He wanted to stay. Here. He wanted to say something, anything to ease the drawn out silence, but finding one good thing out of the million of inappropriate thoughts was impossible. “That was nice,” he finally said.
Fear gripped his stomach as the intensity of the vibrations underground increased. Before he heard or saw anything, Steve felt the weight of heavy feet rattling the concrete floor of the warehouse. His breath switched from calm breaths to quick gasps. He began to panic. Whatever was coming was big, heavy and angry.
“Don’t look at me boss,” Clint called down from the catwalk as he shot an arrow down into the fray. “I sure as hell didn’t invite Wonder bread.”
The corner of Steve’s lips curled up. He looked at Tony with the softest, bluest eyes Tony had ever seen. “Don’t worry about me. I’ll be fine.”
“No,” said Tony sarcastically. “It’s illegal for alcohol to be consumed in anything less than a whisky glass.”
Running out and down to a busier street, Steve tried to wave down a cab. Precious seconds ticked by as cars whizzed on their merry way. It took forever to Steve to spot the familiar shape of a taxi car and even longer for him to finally attract the attention of the driver. Looking like a filthy, bloody mess didn’t help any in attracting people to help him. When he was finally able to get a cab to sit and stay, he ran back for Tony, praying to God that the guy hadn’t bled to death.
“Whatever it is, if you don’t recognize it, don’t take it,” commanded Steve, stuffing bullets into a magazine. “We don’t need more trouble than we already got.
An opening! Tony rushed the short distance to Rumlow and slammed the broken left gauntlet against the side of Rumlow’s head. The impact made a harsh cracking sound and rattled Tony down to his bones.
A delicate hand reached for him, but Tony pulled further away. A chill ran through his body. He felt so cold. Curing in on himself, he tried to repair the damage he’d done.  “I’m sorry Steve. I can’t… I’m not… I didn’t mean it.”
“We salvaged some of their equipment, but it’s fried to bits. It’ll take hours just to piece together the details of how they did it.”
Less than a week later, the werewolf’s pack came into town. SHIELD had found them and called Tony the day before to give him the heads up. He had told them not to get their hopes up. Abuse like that couldn’t be healed overnight, but they insisted on seeing the damage themselves.
Steve nodded. “I’ll be fine. You got hit with the same thing that hit Bucky and you survived to tell the tale. I… I trust you on this. Besides, things couldn’t get any worse, right?”
“Not quite sure you’re gonna get that chance boss,” called Clint as he cocked an arrow. “They seem really intent on killing us for some reason.”
Tony glared at the stack of pancakes. He picked up a glistening strawberry with the tips of his fingers. Tony turned it around, examining the surface for any imperfections or any excuse not to eat the foul thing. Unfortunately, Steve had selected only the best fruit leaving Tony only one option, eat the damn thing.
Tony laughed. “Pep would love it if I eloped. Be hell to explain our secret nuptials to the press, but planning a wedding and all the drama leading up to it will be ten times worse. Every press conference or interview from here on out will be focused on us. Who’s on the guest list? Where is it at? Are we going to have a traditional wedding in a church or a modern venue? What are we going to wear? Who’s designing it? Is Steve going to wear his uniform from the war? What about suits? What color are the suits going to be? Am I going to be a drama queen and insist on a dress?
Steve groaned. Raking his fingers through his dirty hair, he tried to come to terms with the situation. Logically, he could do this. He could take Tony on a rum run and everything would be okay. It was just one run. Steve knew the routes like the back of his hand. There was no way anybody would catch them.
The question caught Steve off guard. Him pick out Tony’s clothes? “I mean,” said Steve, a little lost for words. “I can if you want.”
“No, it’s not,” Tony said, pounding on the table with both his fists. “Wife is a job, right? Just like ‘mommy’ or ‘daddy’. But it’s only boys that can be daddies and only girls that can be mommies. Why can’t a boy be a mommy?”
Stane's eyes softened. “I miss him too,” said Stane with a tired smile. He wrapped a reassuring arm around Tony’s shoulders. “But you’re here now. And having a Stark to continue the Stark name should be a boost for morale.”
“Ah…” Damn. Tony had said his last name a few times. What was it? “Tony,” he said as uselessly tried to recall some semblance of a name. “Dark hair, brown eyes, about this tall?” His hand hung mid air like a floppy dead fish.
Steve hummed, but he didn’t seem content with such a simple touch. He wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and pulled them close so their lips were only a hair’s breadth apart. Tony gasped as Steve’s ‘interest’ made itself known from down below. “If I’m so sweet, you better be prepared to pay for decent dental, Tony. Because once we’re married, things are only going to get sweeter.”
Natasha sighed. “So, nothing if you don’t want it to be. Just thought we could sit and have dinner with our ghosts. That’s all. It doesn’t get better, but it gets easier when there’s someone else that understands.”
His vision narrowed as if he were talking to Stane face to face. “Obie, shut it down, right now,” he ordered.
“Everybody tells me I talk a lot. Pepper, Rhodey, even my sweet baby Peter says I talk too much. But this guy, I swear, I try to say more than five words to my date and he interrupts me mid-sentence.  Goes on this long-ass tangent about stuff that’s relevant to him and no one else for who knows how long. No, wait. I remember. I even timed it. Eighteen minutes. He talked about how his coworkers won’t implement his genius idea for eighteen minutes. Never even mentioned what his idea was. Just complained about how they’re all idiots for sleeping on it. For eighteen minutes. Can you believe it?
Steve felt his stomach drop. How could people be so cruel? Taking advantage of a person’s position to get what they want. How could people do that? Tony was too swell a guy to be subject to that.
“Care to explain what that mean in Standard English?” Steve did not seem impressed at Tony’s ramblings.
Tony sighed. “Figured you wouldn’t be cool with dropping off breakfast in person. Guess we have to use the doggy door.”
“Sure,” mumbled Steve, not caring what horrible things she could be plotting. “Take your time.” Natasha would be true to her word, that Steve could be sure of. But now that one problem was taken care of, all that was left was left for him to stew on was the recent turn of events in his private life.
Sam waved a hand, guilty as charged. “I called her in a few weeks ago,” Sam admitted. “Said you needed all the help you can get, so I called the best.”
Tony squinted his eyes. The seven men were huddled together in a tight circle discussing something amongst themselves. They reminded Tony of the women at his uncle Howard’s extravagant parties. Ladies dressed to the nines who would religiously gather around the fireplace to discuss the latest gossip about who was having sex with who. Minus the expensive wine of course.
Tony faced pinched in shock. "What? No!” disbelief was clear on his face. “I'm just getting really busy with the orders from work. Lot of people are count on me and I don't have as much time to socialize as I would like to."
“Steve, let me ask you this,” she leaned forward enough that her sharp green eyes were levelled with his tired blues. “Do you really want to argue semantics with me, or do you really want those guns.”
The red shade of her face almost matched the color of her hair. “You put our picture on the front page!” she screamed, shaking the paper like a lone leaf in a strong autumn wind. And indeed they had. A dark burn mark in the shape of the Iron Man helmet demanded attention on the front page of the morning edition.
“Lunch meeting with Oscorp ,” interrupted Pepper. Oh right. He had forgotten about that, for the sole reason that Norman Osborn gave him the willies. Tony tried again. “Lunch meeting, then off to buy-”
“Can’t be worried about that right now,” he said, trying to put on a brave face. “Team comes first. I can always drown myself in my sorrows after all this is over.”
“How did you draw me honey muffin?” he asked, squatting down on the open bench next to him with a big smile spread across his face.
“I swear,” Tony whispered into Steve’s ear as he ran a comforting hand across Steve’s back. “I will make them pay for what they have done. I will make their blood dye the streets red. I’ll make their screams become the sound of nightmares children fear. You have my word, Steve. I will make all those who oppose you learn to fear the name Iron Man.”
“No,” said Steve, moving their last crate for the night into a hidden door at the back of an unnamed shop. “Your job is to sit there and keep watch.
“Well that narrows it down to some,” Bruce spoke, utterly deadpan. “If it looked like breathing physically hurt, but he wasn’t wheezing, I’d say a cracked rib or two.”
But at what cost? As much as Steve adored Tony, and still did despite their fight, Tony wasn’t family. And family always came first.
“Thanks,” said Steve with a sigh of relief. “You don’t know how many times that has caused a fist fight or two. Not easy to be an immigrant here.”
Steve hummed as he crawled back on the bed to cuddle Tony. “I don’t know. Maybe a morning blow job? I hear it’s all the rage these days. And it looks like this part of you is the only part I can reward for getting up on time,” Steve said, nudging Tony’s cock.
We got about five more chapters left of unknown length left in this sinker. Sorry for the wait guys, but if I can persist, we're in for one hell of a ride.
Bruce raised an eyebrow in skepticism. “Really? You’re going to murder him over something you don’t care about.”
“No! Never. It’s just… How do I put this?” Tony steepled his hands in front of his face. “It’s early in the morning. I’m tired and my verbal filter is pretty much nonexistent. But nobody is around to judge us, so I’m just going to come out and say it; how did we meet?”
“No. They seem persistent to say the least.” Rumlow grunted in response when none of his men showed up with blood on their hands.
“T – To- ny,” a small voice came from the rubble. Steve’s shaky arms tried push up against the weight of his body, but it was too much. His arms gave out and Steve flopped back down, sending up a large puff of dust. He turned on his side, eyes still closed, moaning, “Tony.”
Tony took one look at the item in Clint’s hands and knew exactly where the conversation was going. “No.”
As they walked out of the elevator, the familiar, intimidating clicks of her shoes echoed down the halls
“I heard a rumor that you’re engaged to Mr. Hogan.” Tony’s ears perked. Why hadn’t he heard that rumor? More curiously, why did the rumor exist when he didn’t start it?
Passing glances passed between Sam, Thor, and Bucky before all eyes landed on Steve. They had discussed this before, but that didn’t make taking what they needed for their survival any easier. They all felt how wrong this was in their gut, but they also felt the burning of bullets on their skin as well as the sleepless worry that plagued their dreams in the dark of night. “Do we have a choice?” asked a defeated Sam.
“Pep, I’m not going up to a civilian and saying ‘Nice to meet you. I’m Iron Man. Thanks for inspiring me to decimate my enemies. Wanna be friends?’ It just wouldn’t fly.”
It only made sense. Tony couldn’t have a rabid werewolf terrorizing the other mythical creatures in his rehabilitation center. First of all, that was just bad ethics and he could get sued for that. Second, this werewolf was a special case and he needed to be treated with the utmost care.
Bucky whined and they must be having some sort of conversation because Steve decided to loaf on Tony’s back like a cat, his soft underbelly pressing into Tony’s vulnerable side. Steve’s face was one of deep satisfaction, but Tony could see the worry in Bucky’s eyes.
“How are you doing Tony?” Steve’s face was covered with blood, grime, and worry. The puffs of air from Steve’s don’t seem as sexy as they were a few minutes ago.
Within the ranks of the top brass, they called him Bruce. To everyone else, he was the Hulk. Not that Bruce was a hulking of a man. He hid his face behind large, thick glasses and an unkempt fro of curly hair. The slump of his shoulders around strangers usually made people think he was cowardly or weak. But give the man surgery tools, bad guys better beware. Tony had once seen Bruce down five grunts in the slums of Boston using only a surgery knife, and that was before he agreed to join the Iron Family. After seeing such a beautiful display of knife work, Tony knew he had to have him.
“I could help,” offered Tony in the same way he had offered so many times during their phone conversations.
“And I’m trying very hard not to be one anymore,” Steve said with a smile. He pressed a quick kiss to Tony’s lips and wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist. “Of course, that doesn’t mean I won’t bring this up once every once in a while.”
“Everything’s fine. What is the last thing you remember?” Steve asked as he helped push Tony up into a sitting position.
"I'm sure," said Steve with a smile. "After all, he game me his number." That got a relaxed smile out of Tony and didn’t that give Steve the nicest buzz.
“Ugh, coffee. My first love,” Tony groaned. He grabbed the mug with both hands and gulped down the contents like a man tasting water for the first time.
Tony laughed. “You don’t know bad, Steve. My room was almost a literal temple dedicated to you. The only reason it wasn’t was because there was a corner of my room dedicated to robotics because my dad wouldn’t let me keep all my tools and stuff in his lab. Said it cluttered the place up.
Steve ran his fingers down past Tony’s lips and across his skin. He traced an invisible line down Tony’s body, through the sparse chest hair, down past his soft stomach, stopping only when Steve’s hand grazed Tony’s flaccid cock. Well-groomed pubic hair brushed against his fingers as Steve blindly made his way down to the root.
Right on cue, Happy pulled up the van around and to a screeching halt. The doors flew open, as Bruce jumped out, medical bag at the ready. Seeing the damage to Rhodey’s legs, his mouth dropped open. “The fuck happened here?”
“Those ones, over there.” Natasha pointed to a short stacked island of boxes, isolated from the other misaligned stacks.
It wasn’t the same dark blue that colored the arctic tundra. No. Even this deep in the water, Tony could see it’s a darker blue. Almost navy. And the shape, he can’t make it out too well, but something about it felt so familiar and yet wrong at the same time. Whatever it was, whatever was trapped in the ice, it didn’t belong here.
Tony didn’t need to be told twice. He grabbed the cup with greedy hands. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, letting the heavenly scent fill his nose. Oh, wait. Why didn’t it smell like coffee? “Tea?” asked Tony, looking indignantly into the clear brown water.
“But when we have quiet moments like this, you’re breathtaking. No bells and whistles. No fake smile. Just you. Just us, together. It’s so simple, and yet it’s so nice. You put on so many masks for the sake of the media. But when it’s just me and some paper, it all melts away. The way you shine when we’re alone, you’re the most beautiful and fascinating man I’ve ever seen.
“Go on in,” urged Sam, with a gentle nudge. “I’ll stay here. Going through the colored entrance will only slow you down.
Tony stared at Steve slack jawed. He knew Steve liked him, but he didn’t really realize how much. Tony always had doubts about their relationship wandering around in the back of his mind. Not about him not loving Steve. Never that. Tony loved Steve with every fiber of his being. No, the one Tony had doubts about was Steve.
Look at Steve as a prime example, age of 16 and ready to come out, only to be scared off by radical conservative expectations and legalization. Ended up joining the service for a few years to help out the family back home. But when the stock market crashed and a wave of polio swept through his neighborhood, Steve was the first to quit the force to fight the good fight on the home front. He didn't make the money like he did in the force, in fact he didn't make any money at all. So he turned to bootleg, the lesser of evils, as a service to others and a way to provide for himself. In his defense, drugs, prostitutes, and firearms would make his late mother faint faster than bootleg ever would.
“That’s fine,” Steve said, standing up and pressing a kiss to the top of Tony’s head. “You’re perfect just as you are.”
“And I’m telling you, I’m fine,” Tony snapped, knocking away Steve’s hand. “Feels like a bit of my soul has been ripped out, but that’s nothing compared to having a battery up to my chest.”
Around the corner from where Tony and Steve separated, sat a fancy black limousine for two. A stout man with a black cap sat up front and barely moved as Tony approached the car.
The former wolf swiveled around to look at him. Steve stalked over to him like a predator approaching his prey until he was only a hair’s breath away from Tony’s face.
Steve tried to take a moment and catch his breath. His head was cloudy, but he tried anyway. In and out. In and out. Slow and steady breaths in time with the ground’s pulses.
Tony smiled at the dream as he fell further down. Sleep sounded good. Sleep sounded very good. Sleep entertained the dream and gave him motivation to never wake up.
“You … um… ready to go back down?” asked Tony. He gestured to the hidden door that led back downstairs. “You don’t have to if you don’t want to. You’ve been through a lot today. I can take care of it from here.”
Tony raised his hands and turned around slowly, trying his hardest to seem non-threatening. However, it was hard to look non-threatening when wearing a bright red and gold metal suit. “Steve, calm down. We can talk this out.” The tinny sound of his voice echoing around the metal helmet didn’t sound the least bit calming.
All of a sudden, the kisses along Tony’s skin stopped. The grip on Tony’s cock loosened and the weight of Steve’s hand disappeared. Tony stifled a whimper. He didn’t want it to end now. He hadn’t come yet.
The wolf, surprisingly, rolled his eyes at this suggestion. He plotted over to his food bin and grabbed a bit of chuck between his teeth. He walked back over to Tony and then threw it at Tony’s head.
“You won’t. Here.” Tony grabbed the rolling pin out of Steve’s hands and pushed the large man out of the way. “You roll like this.” Tony pressed into the pin and pushed the dough out with ease. He rolled the wooden dowel back and forth with long, practiced strokes. In only a few seconds, the dough had gone from a perfect circle to an elongated rectangle.
Steve took another step back, as if to get away from the thing gathering around the outside of the warehouse. He began to panic. Was it the feds? Shit. How the hell did they find out?
So, that’s what they did. Steve waited outside the door for what felt like days. Someone handed him a mug of coffee, but he didn’t drink it. Steve didn’t want to take his eyes off the door even for a second just in case something happened. He vaguely felt the warm burn of the coffee mug in his palm, but Steve couldn’t be bothered to pay it any mind. The only thing on Steve’s mind was Bucky. Bucky’s face truing pale with each passing second, the trail of blood leading from the car to the doctor’s office, the memory made Steve’s stomach churn but he couldn’t stop thinking about it. It just kept playing in his mind like a broken record. Blood and pain over and over and over and over and over and over-
Something was off. Steve could tell. It wasn't the feeling that Sam knew more. Sam gave Steve all he got. He always did. But that wasn't what was off. There was something more going on.
“If we did do that, I’d at least make sure you had some sheet music so you have something to travel by,” said Bruce, cleaning up his supplies.
She shrugged, casual as always. “Can’t a gal stop by to see some familiar faces? Had some work I needed to finish up here. Thought I’d check in with a friend before coming down to see you guys.”
Panic gripped at Tony’s stomach. His family was by the cloud. He had expertly left a trap and only to left his family to defend themselves in their time of need. Their armor might be able to protect them for a bit, but they wouldn’t be able to see shit through the gas.
Tony closed his eyes and held back a sigh. He could already tell this was going to be a long lesson. Thank god Steve was cute. “You don’t have to be so gentle. You’re not going to break it.”
“Who said anything about murder?” Natasha asked, the innocent look on her face masking deadly intent. “I’d never murder anyone on purpose. Not that you’d be able to find enough evidence to prove otherwise.”
He stepped out, the elevator soon filling with dark suits headed back to work. “Steve,” he timidly called out into the mess of bodies. Tony tried to look for the familiar shape of Steve’s figure, the familiar sheen of light reflecting off short blond hair, the familiar timbre of his voice that ingrained itself into Tony’s soul long ago.
“No, I was listening. It’s just… Coulson seems like a very pragmatic kind of guy. None of the fluff, all of the facts. And that’s good considering I’ve been, in essence, dead for years and need to catch up really quick. But I feel like some of the important details are missing. Does that make sense? Like, why is it that I trust people who I’ve never met and the only person I feel safe with is you? How is it that I feel like I’ve known you all my life and yet I’ve never met you? How do we know each other? How did we meet?”
“Well, I managed it, didn’t I?” Tony said with a confident smile. The same smile that made Steve lose control of himself the night before and come all over Tony’s face.
“Um hum,” the kid hummed with a content smile. “I dreamt that there was a dragon outside my house. Everything was on fire and I was really scared, but you came in and saved me.”
Tony could not move fast enough. He sprinted over to the padlocked door, trying key after key until one finally fit. He threw open the gate and raced in. Damn the consequences.
He looked around at all that he had to do: keep his company afloat and in the dark, plug the leak in his company, finish the suits, maintain his commitments to the Iron Family, start up a new business, follow up with the booze deal with Steve, and keep Obie in the dark about everything.
But first, they had to part on good terms so Steve could see that Tony wasn’t the bad guy. His present of art supplies somehow didn’t feel like it was enough. They were nice, but it still left him feeling unsettled. What else could he do besides straight up giving the guy money? Wait… Now there was a thought.
“Doesn’t mean we should stand by and do nothing,” whispered Steve, crossing his arms across his chest. “He may have the right to free speech, but he’s harassing the public with this bull.”
She sighed. “Just try not to kill him when the penny drops. I rather like my job.” The elevator came to a halt at one of the top floors. As the doors quietly opened, she leaned over and whispered, “Also, under the façade, he really is a good guy. An over the top mad genius, but a good guy. I know it’s not my place, but if you’re interested, give him a chance. You really make him happy.”
The passenger side of the jeep closed and out came a man with dark, scraggly hair and ever darker bags under his eyes.
Tony held back and exasperated sigh. This is what he got for working with gossipy women. “You don’t even smoke.”
“No! I’m not. We’re just friends. Good friends. I’m just…,” Steve sputtered. Words, why couldn’t he form them at an important time like this. “It’s just a lot to take in.”
Tony’s response was a heavy sigh. So much for his plans. If he didn’t want the company to go under because of a bad idea, he had to make sure there was still a company when he woke up in the morning. That meant making sure the tech Stane was working with never reached the market as well as last minute conversations with investors and other boring cardboard cutouts. God, retracting a patent was a nightmare. “Tell Jarvis to start equipping the lab for long nights. It doesn’t look like I’ll be leaving anytime soon and I’d rather not die of starvation.”
“Yeah, but at what cost?” challenged Bucky. “It’s not secret that when little guys like us start making deals with big guys like them, they get targets painted on the back of their head. An’ with what trouble the Iron Family be russlin’ up with Hydra; I’d rather not get caught up in that shit storm.”
“We all set to go soldier?” Thank god for distractions. Questions about his strategy were really not something he wanted to deal with right at that moment.
It was just like Jan said, a few months ago the donut truck got ambushed as Tony, Carol, Jan, and Natasha made their way into central Europe. Their truck had gotten stuck in the mud when a small troop of German soldiers jumped out of the bushes and ambushed them. The enemy had gotten in a few good shots in when a mismatched group of Allied soldiers swooped in to save them.
Bruce shrugged. “Well, for one, you’ve been in a better mood right now than you have been in days despite the fact that you had to sit still for stitches. And from the wounds, I can only assume you were trying to defend someone's honor.”
Thanks for all the comments and kudos! Doing much better this week. Release of Chapter 9 is in the air. Since I'm visiting family the 3rd Friday/Saturday this month, I'll either post a clip or short chapter on Aug 22nd or I'll hold off until September since Chapter 9 is a monster of words right now.
“You expecting something?” asked Bucky, crossing his arms in suspicion. Apparently he didn’t get the notice that antagonizing the customer was a bad idea. Rule went double when dealing with mafia families. Went triple when dealing with mafia families insane enough to have robots at the head.
And now that he was sure that he was safe, he could take his time. Stretch his fins for however long he liked. Swim for however long he pleased. No more making do with tiny bathtubs or chlorinated pools. Tonight, Tony could enjoy the ocean like the merman he was.
The impact of metal on flesh rattled Steve to the bone. Everything felt off and, for a few seconds, time slowed. A sharp taste of silver metal raced across his tongue as he fell to the ground. The heel of his hand met concrete, sending a debilitating pain up his arms, crippling his elbows.
“Shh!” hushed Steve, trying to listen. His hand floated froze mid-air. He didn’t dare think about pushing the bullet in his hand into the magazine. The slightest sound and they could be gonners.
“Don’t start.” Tony’s smile disappeared, leaving only a cold iron clad exterior. It was still too fresh. Too soon. Despite not having the loving relationship that the newspapers thought the Stark's had, Howard's death still hurt. Not in the way the newspapers talked about. But just as deep and just as dark, if not more so. Gone was the chance of redemption and approval. All that was left was a stone cold legacy built on money, bureaucracy, and the bodies of others. Tony took that name now when Stane asked him to come back to SI. He took that name, knowing what it meant and hating what it meant for him and his future.
Steve’s smile faltered. “I know we had a lot of fun today, but don’t you miss home?” He knew Tony didn’t have the best childhood, but could it really be so bad that he didn’t want to return?
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Why bring it up now?” he asked. Something big must have happened for Pepper’s BS detectors to go off.
Schmidt looked down his nose and eyed the guard’s weapon with absolute contempt. “Rumlow, you still have your guns out. Why?” he asked with a grimace.
Steve grinned. “I see a lot of somethings that I like.” He took Tony’s sunglasses and shifted them up so they sat over Tony’s hairline. “It’s been awhile since I’ve seen you this relaxed. Looks good on you.”
“Not from around here, I take it.” It was more of a statement than a question. His knack for the language (or lack thereof) ruled out immigrant, and he definitely didn’t sound like a local. Didn’t have the same accent as the boys in Brooklyn. “Looking for work?” he asked. Guy wasn’t dressed to impress, but even Steve could appreciate a fine looking fellow if given the space.
It swirled around Tony’s mouth, finding every crevice and claiming it as its own. It fucked Tony’s face with wild abandon until Tony’s hips began to move in time with Steve’s thrusts. A stray finger moved from Tony’s plump cheek down to his tight hole. It pressed against the quivering flesh and sent a wave of pleasure up Tony’s cock so it stood at attention like a soldier saluting his commanding officer. Every nerve in his body was jumping with arousal.
Instead of answering, Steve choose to nuzzle his face against Tony’s, sniffing around for any other wounds that needed licking.
Tony pushed against Steve’s chest, trying to free himself from the warm embrace and get as far away as he could. Maybe if there was no evidence, they won’t be able to get rid of him.
Bucky nodded. He approached the cage, weaving his fingers between the chain-link fence. This time Steve’s head shot up. Bucky smiled. “Hey, Stevie. Do you recognize me? It’s your best bud, Bucky.”
“Hey!” He’s was about to yell at Joe Phil for giving him a fake card, but there’s no sign of Phil anywhere. Steve spun around in agitation, but sees neither hide nor hair of the guy.  This was bad. He ran a few paces in the direction Phil would have gone, desperately looking for some clue as to where he had taken Tony. It was unnerving how much the guy knew, and for Tony’s sake Steve had to stop the guy before he could do any more damage to Tony’s reputation.
"You're not telling me everything," said Steve. Sam's eye widened in surprise. Yup, definitely more. Steve watched quietly as his wingman closed off from him, crossing his arms and stealing his mouth with a defiant line. Was it really that important that Steve didn't know? Was it really worth the secretary to keep Steve in the dark?
“Rhodey,” Tony interrupted, his voice already testy. “I’m a grown man,” he said, pushing down the urge to shoot his best friend in the face with a very strong repulsor blast. “I can take care of myself, thank you very much.”
In Tony’s dream, Steve would be more than happy to hop on board with that. He seemed like that kind of guy. Ideally, Steve would be in the back kitchen, cooking some healthy and hearty dish that his mamma passed down to him, while Tony managed the people in the front. Or, it could be the other way around. Steve, with his big smile and gorgeous blue eyes making small talk and winning people over with his good nature; while Tony was in the back making pots black because (let’s face it) Tony wasn’t too experienced in the kitchen. Of course, fires in the kitchen would mean Steve would have to come back and save him every once in a while. Big strong arms, throwing water to put of the fire, getting Tony soaked to the bone, slowly striping the his clothes off so Tony wouldn’t catch cold. Steve would do that for Tony.
When the piercing scream in his ears finally died down, Steve poked his head out from behind the wall. The level of damage alone made him gasp. What was left of the red brick alley had been reduced to rubble and a skeleton of fractured wood. Pipes and power lines poked out from the jagged rock, spurting out occasional bursts of water and sparks of energy. Rocks and rubble that were once strong brick buildings rolled leisurely down the walls and into the shaken streets below. Steve shuddered to think what it would have looked like with his blood painting the walls.
“It’s complicated stuff, Tony. Steve Hawking wrote a whole thesis paper about how time travel is impossible.”
“You would think gang members would know who's linked with who, but no, we just had to get the special one,” mocked Tony.
“Then stay out of my operating room and let me job!” Dr. Banner yelled, slamming the door behind him.
“And next time, don’t bring the elephant” Bucky yelled after them, needing to get the last word in for the sole sake of pride.
“Mu hum.” The kid opened his large, brown eyes and looked up at Steve with deep reverence. “And then you punched daddy in the face and I go to ride on your motorcycle all the way down to the beach. And then you took me out for ice cream. And then Disneyland. And then, and then, you said we could have a sleepover and stay up until midnight. And then we did. And it was great. And-”
Bucky shook his head. “No, not really. Mostly meaningless growls and barks. But hey, take it as a compliment. For someone who’s forgotten how to be human, he seems pretty smitten with you.”
Wait, what was it that Tony said? "What do you mean by 'while I still could'? Are you leaving town already?" asked Steve, feeling panic latch onto his lungs.
“In the meantime,” said Tony, inching closer to Steve. “I was thinking I could get you to tell me a story of my own while we wait. Preferably a sexy one?”
Steve ran a hand through the blond of his hair. "Do you think it would be too much to call back the Black Widow."
“I guess. I just didn’t expect it to be this much,” Tony said, looking around the living room. The small two-bedroom apartment wasn’t much to look at. Granted, it was a safe house, but still. No sofa. No TV.  Not even a nightstand with a Bible hidden away in one of the drawers. There was a dining table and a set of chairs in the living room. At the moment, it was covered in law books and micaceous paper. Documents of various importance covered every inch of the carpeted floor. If someone opened the door or turned on a fan, the entire room would become a tornado of chaos and flying papers.
“Will you two just shut up for a moment,” hissed Tony. He pulled Natasha into the truck and slammed the door behind her. Jan squeaked as Tony pulled her away from the window and out of sight from curious onlookers.
Tony shook the thoughts out of his head as the elevator doors opened to reveal the lavish lobby. No, he had to believe what he was doing was right. Going after Steve now may make things worse, but it was the right thing to do. No matter what, he had to make sure Steve would be safe. If push came to shove, Tony would kidnap Steve himself. He’d keep Steve safe in one of his mansions, while exacting revenge in the name of Steve Rogers. And if Steve didn’t like it, he’d ask for forgiveness later.
No beta. Just me. Let me know if there's any spelling/ grammar that doesn't make any sense. Flying solo here since my beta went back to uni!
Steve tried to look for a trail of blood splatters, but everything was squeaky clean.  No sign of Phil and not a single sign what had happened to Tony or where Tony had gone. Running out of breath, Steve slowed down and tried to collect himself. He twisted the card once more in his hand, reassuring himself that he wasn’t going crazy, he really had been tricked.
Tony opened his mouth to object (because Rhodey was very much full of shit) when he beat Tony to the punch. “When was the last time you had a decent amount of sleep?” asked Rhodey, looking down his unseen nose. “When was the last time you ate everything Jarvis didn’t prepare for you? And no, coffee doesn’t count.”
“Bruce is taking a break. Wants to talk to me about options,” said Tony, running a hand through his hair.
“Nothin’,” he confessed. It was technically true. Steve did all the heavy lifting. He poured the drink. He drew the sketch. His eyes were the ones that raced all over Tony’s body igniting an ember in the bellows of his stomach.
will continue as planned; slowly introducing new stimuli to help him adjust, use his name whenever we visit him, maybe if you have something with a familiar scent, we can throw that in the enclosure, but it’s risky.”
“Tony has that type of power?” asked Steve in generic disbelief. Who knew business dolls could be so strong. “We are talking about the same Tony, right?”
But that secret part of him needed to be released. He’d been holding off the change for too long, telling himself ‘now’ wasn’t a good time. Always something to do. Always someone to save. Someone needing his help or someone interrupting him at the worst possible time.
“Nat-” The last thing he needed was another person dragged into his downward spiral of drama. And Natasha had been through so much. A refugee from Russia working an honest job in hopes of the American dream; it wouldn’t be fair to ask for her help.
“Really?” asked Tony, leaning closer to the man he loved. “I was thinking something a little more sexually exciting.”
Tony listened again, waiting for the inevitable sign that a particular person was to blame for the call. Form a darkened street he heard a soft crack followed by a grunt and a thump of something heavy falling. Hawkeye.
Tony looked up just in time to see a bright white light fading into the far corner of the warehouse. Shit. That looked like the heat from a repulsor blast. Had Rhodey or Pepper gotten cornered? Had they gotten ambushed?
Tony smiled behind the mask. “Nice shot Barton. Rescue is on body control, but looks like you two held down the fort just fine.”
He did have a point. Tony would never have come up with a plan like that. His strategy would have been more of a “boom” “bang” “in your face” kind of thing. After listening to Steve’s orders, Tony could hear how uncomfortable his own family was through the silence over the radio.
“I… um…” the man stammered as he wrung his hands like a towel. “Well, the thing is… I was wondering… if youcouldteachmehowtomakedonuts.”
With an angry cocky air, Tony turned to face Stane and looked him straight in the eyes. “Did it ever occur to you that I might not want to make weapons like dear old dad?” asked Tony, his voice dripping with contempt.
Silent looks passed between the other Avengers. Without another word, Vision and Wanda picked up their things and moved to the living room. Natasha was the only one brave enough to stay.
Steve spun around to face the source of the voice. There was a vaguely shaped figure standing in the darkness. “Who are you?” he demanded, trying to control the concoction of emotions swirling in his chest. If this person had seen him kiss Tony, that could be bad news for the both of them.
“I know every person on payroll. It shouldn’t be that hard to figure out if he’s telling the truth or not. If he is,” She gave him a pointed glare in contempt, not bothering to hide the disdain of his large hand on her small arm. “Kick him out.”
“Still not seeing what they big deal is, Jan,” said Tony, finding it hard to tear his eyes away from the group. “We’ve met before. So, what? Doesn’t make them a regular customer. They probably don’t even remember us. Don’t see why you’re making a big fuss about it.”
Tony’s pulse quickened. He tried to stay calm, but the tension in his voice betrayed his outer cool. “I don’t think you understand, so let me say it clearly: that the plans I gave you are nowhere close to being ready yet. I don’t care what adjustments R&D made, to core mechanics aren’t stable and that means nothing else added on could be usable.”
Tony thought about it. “Doesn’t matter,” he muttered, sealing off the circuit. “It’s about to become a non-issue anyway.”
Steve did know. And as much as he told her again and again that she didn’t owe him anything for safe passage out of Russia, it was times like these where she held it to him.
Steve released a tired rush of air. Damn his pride. He might as well say it. Couldn’t make things any worse for them. “Unless you got access to a weapons cache, don’t know how much help anyone can be,” he muttered, not caring if she could clearly hear him.
Steve opened and closed his mouth like a goldfish.  The words wanted to come out, but his mind held him back like a chain. Tony was almost a block way before Steve yelled out what he struggled to say for what felt like an eternity.
“Did my eyes deceive me, or is that the same wonder bread you were eying a few weeks ago?” asked Clint, making conversation.
“Believe or not," said Rhodey. "We know who you really are. And no matter how much you play up the playboy image, you’ve always been the one gal type of guy. Doesn’t take much for you to fall head over heels, Tones. They’re few and far between, but when you fall, man, you go all the way.”
Tony easily picked up on what Stane was implying. It wasn't that hard, all things considering. But just because he relied on Stane, it didn't make him into a 'yes man' to do Stane's bidding. “A weapon? Obie, we’ve been out of the Great War for more than ten years.”
As he surged forward, Tony heard a pained groan from the ground. He debated ignoring it as he released a shoulder piece onto a blackened pile of rubble, but curiosity won out in the end. Tony cautiously walked over to the rubble. Looking down at the source, he felt a coldness descend over his heart.
Steve was right. Their day was filled with everything and nothing and it was absolutely amazing. After an amazing breakfast in bed, Tony rubbed sunscreen all across Steve’s back and into the hard to reach part of Steve’s ass, leading to very awkward sex on the beach. (
“Then what were you drawing in the dirt? You said there was something there, and I can clearly see some sort of outline from here.”
Tony rolled over as much as the cot would allow so he could get a better look at his boyfriend. Steve sat on the other side of the small plane, running a still gloved hand through a mop of brown hair. A scrawny boy no older than seven slept soundly in Steve’s lap.
“What do you mean bed soon… Wait. What time is it?” Tony looked out the window. The afternoon sun was gone. Bright stars lit up the night sky. The sound of cars racing down the highway had diminished to a whisper. Coulson’s snores from the other room rattled the mostly empty bottles of beer on the kitchen island.
“Yeah, she can be pretty scary sometimes,” Sam said with a strained chuckle. “Hey, let me know if anything happens with Bucky. I’ll keep an eye on Cap for now. The way he’s acting… I worry about him.”
Raising an eyebrow, she shifted her weight to one side. “You mean the desk in your locked workshop.”
Shots rang out and a barrage of bullets rained down on him. Acting on instinct, Tony’s arms shot up to covered his head with the dusty red armor. The hard sound of machine gun fire combined with the high pitched pings of bullets ricocheting off his suit made it impossible for him to move forward.
“Yeah,” Tony said, not knowing what the fuck he was talking about but choosing to run with the idea. “Maybe it’s like a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde situation. Steve recognizes you, but for some reason, the wolf persona doesn’t.”
“No!” Tony exploded. “It’s my product and I didn’t not give the okay. It’s my name on the line, not yours, and I have the majority of the share in the company. I don’t care if you are a friend of the family. I will fire your ass right here, right now if you don’t stop production immediately.”
“Stay close,” she whispered, slipping past the door and into the shadows of the warehouse.  “There’s a lot of dangerous stuff here and not all of it is what you want.”
She followed alongside him, stepping in line with him as he headed toward the elevator. “But Mr. Stark, it’s an emergency.”
Steve wanted to say no. He wanted to keep what he drew private. Tony had absolutely no reason to see his drawing, and Steve had every reason not to let Tony see the damn thing. Tony may be acting like a giant flirt around him, but there was no clear indication that Tony would even be okay with how Steve perceived their relationship. And his sketch clearly showed what he thought about their relationship.
“Exactly.” Tony breathed a sigh of relief. Finally, Steve was starting to come around. One last battle to face and maybe one more step to reconciliation. “A few months ago, somebody stole something really big and really bad. Worse than a few grenades. This weapon, it hurt a lot of people and caused a lot of damage. I’m here; dressed up like an idiot to make sure it doesn’t happen again.”
“Fine,” grumbled Bucky, shutting up the box up tight with a disappointed slam of wood against metal. “Fun killer. Not all of us can bounce between dicks and chicks whenever we please.”
Bruce could fix Bucky. He had to. Tony had faith that Bruce could do it, and he would. After all, the man had brought Tony back from the brink of death with a shoddy car battery. What was an arm compared to a heart? Nothing. Absolute child’s play.
Steve smiled. “Sounds like a date.” The words slipped out so easy, but by the time Steve realized what he said, it was too late.
Well that wasn’t the reaction Tony wanted Steve to had when he revealed what he did for work. “I didn’t make all of it,” Tony embarrassedly muttered. “Whoever modified it used my basic design, but it’s a Frankenstein of parts now. I barely recognize it.”
This was exactly the type of thing he was trying to prevent by confiscating and dismantling every last Jericho missile in existence, and he had failed. He had failed, on the most basic level, to keep people safe, and this was the consequence.
The wolf swiped at his head. His claws caught on the cage a few inches from Tony’s face, but Tony didn’t flinch. The wolf snarled. He dug his teeth into the metal links, angry and desperate to get out. But the fence was strong. It didn’t give or break. The only thing that was impressive was the fact that he managed to land some spit smack dab in the middle of Tony’s unimpressed face.
“Nothing big, just the usual,” Clint said dismissively. “We’re from Boston. Moved here for a change of scenery. You brought War Machine, Rescue, and Hawkeye from your top brass, and everyone else don’t know nothing.”
Tony shook his head. Right. Now was not time to pine like some moll. Now was the time to take charge while the blood still ran hot.
He held her close, taking in the familiar scent as memories from before surged in his mind. The crunch of Russian snow under their feet. Cold north air burning the inside of their warm lungs. The sharp scent of heat from bullets whizzing in the air. Good memories of Russia. “You have no idea how good it is to see a friendly face,” he confessed into her shoulder.
Tony charged forward and banged at the ice with his powerful tail. He attacked the small glacier over and over, but the ice was too thick and too old to be broken by such simple means. Something else, something else had to break the ice. Why didn’t he bring any tools with him? Why had he decided to leave his suit shipside? All he needed was to hook it up to the RT, hit it with a hard enough blast, and then…
Steve’s brow furrowed. Who the hell would be out this time of night? With a practiced motion, he cued to his crew for quiet as he reached around to the small of his back. As rehearsed, his crew quietly scattered to their designated defensive positions. Hand settling on the thick metal handle, he crept over to the door. Sam was close behind, both hands clutching a handgun aimed at the floor but ready to shoot. Once his back was fleshed against the brick wall and his breath steady in anticipation, Steve gave his crew the sign and all parts flew into action like the well-oiled machine they were.
The kid looked down at his feet. “I know you wanted me to put it back, but Rhodey got me the Captain America doll because I liked it so much. Is that okay?”
Silence fell over the conversation. No response from the Iron Family. Finally, Clint coughed in hesitation, breaking through the white noise. “Uh… You know I was talking to Iron Man, right?”
Steve looked down at his hands. He closed his eyes, found his resolve, and held onto it with both hands. “I want to be there,” Steve said. “Even if the results aren’t good, I should be there. He’s my best friend. We promised each other we’d be there till the end of the line.”
“Our name is out there now. All of New York knows what we can do. Who’s going to mess with us now? Pepper, you’re always talking about branding and my actions representing my work and the company. Think of it that way. I just branded us a force to be reckoned with.”
“Ow! Don’t be so rough.” Tony flinched in pain. Yeah, this was going to hurt like a motherfucker for a long time.
Natasha reached into her basket and pulled out a dusty bottle. “Drank half on his birthday. Saved the rest for tonight.”
Steve grabbed the man by the neck and hauled him up to his feet. Steve dug his fingers into the goon’s throat until Steve’s knuckles turned white. The man choked on his breath. He tried to squirm his way out of Steve’s grasp, but with his hands bound behind his back and his feet dangling a few inches above the ground, there was little he could do.
Bruce shrugged. “Besides potential info on the Boston attack, not really. Nothing of significant importance anyway. But it’s always good to be prepared for anything. Maybe I can get some secrets about Hydra we can use in the future.”
Steve’s stomach sank. He wanted to shake Tony and tell him it wasn’t true. There were other people in his life just as important as Steve. Maybe it would take a few years, but he’d find them eventually. He’d find people who cared about him, appreciated him, saw genius and heart despite the cocky front he put on. People that loved him. People that missed him. People that Steve was keeping Tony from meeting if they didn’t get him back soon.
"Tony?" Steve's mind slowed down from the adrenaline filled high. The mess of brown hair did look familiar. So did the goatee. So did those dark chocolate brown eyes. He staggered back in surprise. Steve could hardly process it. There, splayed out on the ground, was Tony. Perfect, wonderful Tony.
“Never mind,” he said with a wave of his hand. “Just tell everyone to get ready for battle. If your right Pep, and let’s face it you usually are, I want to be ready to burn these suckers to the ground.” The ambush might not be worth much in the grand scheme of things, but if it offered just enough distraction for Tony to vent his anger about Steve, he might as well make it all worth the pain.
A warm hand wrapped around his shoulders, and Tony was five years old again. “I know it’s been a long time since you made something for someone else,” Stane said in a gentle voice that could rock Tony to sleep. “But give it a little time Tony. You’ll get it eventually. Just like riding a bicycle.”
“Ow! Watch the merchandise?” Tony clenched the edge of his seat, trying his best not to squirm away from the pain.
But as Steve slowly looked up to face his attackers, a determined glint in his eyes, Tony realized that Steve could hold his own against the random thugs. With a free leg, Steve kneaded the oncoming attacker in the groin. The guy crumpled to the ground with an earsplitting scream. Steve pulled his right arm hard, and forced the two guys on his arms to collide. The guy on the ground slowly got up, but Steve was more than ready. With solid, strong strikes he decked the guy in the face and lands another in his gut.
“Don’t know,” Sam said with a shrug. “He ain't bothering nobody right now. Except he keeps pacing back and forth in front of our door like something’s wrong.”
Steve gave a forlorn look at the can, heavy in his hand, rotating it around with his thumb as if the answer was written on the simple label. His chest ached as he gave out a longing sigh. “He said there was a gal. Pepper. That’s what he called her.”
Tony smiled. “Thanks, Jan. That means a lot coming from you.” Tony turned his attention to the red headed woman. “Natasha?”
Huh. That was interesting. Adult Tony liked strawberries, but the kid version didn’t. Maybe he learned to like it later in life. “In that case, just eat one. Never know unless you try it,” Steve said, putting the few remaining dishes in the sink to be washed later.
“Yes Ms. Potts,” she said, cowering away from the desk. “I understand Ms. Potts. Thank you very much Ms. Potts.”
“Such as Hydra, and you don’t want to get caught in the middle when the shit hits the fan,” finished Bruce with an understanding nod.
Tony’s cock twitched in eager interest. His hips canted up, chasing after Steve’s touch. Damn his traitorous body. Tony bit down on his lip as a needy groaned threatened to escape. He refused to give his boyfriend positive reinforcement from such blatant disrespect.
Gasping for breath, Tony swiped through the cloud of dust. He screamed at the top of his lungs, “Steve? Steve, where are you?” But nobody answered. Slowly but surely, Tony walked in the direction he had last seen the car. He groped blindly for anything fleshy or familiar, silently begging for the results not to be as disastrous as last time.
“You can touch it if you want,” Tony said when Steve showed no sign of looking away. “But it’s fine if you don’t. Lots of people don’t like looking at it.”
Tony shrugged. “Yeah, I could have but I didn’t want to scare you off. Telling someone you’re a mafia boss isn’t exactly first date material.”
Bucky snorted. “Try telling that to Steve. Guy lost his mind at the first scent of blood. Kept saying ‘mine, mine,’ up until I left.”
Steve gets ready for a rum run, but just as they're about to leave he finds a surprise at his doorstep.
Bruce smirked. He motioned to what Tony had dubbed as the ‘thinking wall’. It was basically a wall that Tony used to throw ideas at and see what stuck. Assorted and disjointed ideas hung from wall as well as some bits of string showing connections because Tony was too lazy to move around the drafts and diagrams. Smack dab in the middle of the wall was the newspaper that featured Iron Man’s burnt helmet scar. A purple arrow jutted out from the wall, pinning the print to the surface. In bold red ink, someone had drawn a big red heart next to Iron Man’s helmet and scrawled message. It read:
Tony hummed as he gave Steve’s hand a quick squeeze. Tony had done so much bad in the world, it was a miracle that he was allowed something this good in his life. Marrying his beloved with a proper proposal and everything, Tony must have been extra good this year.
Tony’s heart skipped a beat. Something must be wrong with his ears, right? Tony looked over at Steve, expecting a ‘gotcha’ look on his face. Instead, clear blue eyes stared up back at him. There was a small smile on Steve’s face. Soft creases lined the area around Steve’s eyes in a pattern that someday might be crow’s feet. If this were a movie, there would be hearts in his eyes and the ocean life would be singing, “Kiss the Girl.” So no, definitely not a prank. God, how did Steve manage to make cheesy lines like that sound good?
Tony wandered close to the darkened border, his heart racing. He looked into the darkness trying to spot anything out of the blue. A quick scan revealed nothing out of the ordinary. But upon a second scan, he caught something moving behind a black Ford. He looked away, keeping the Ford in his peripheral. Then, in the corner of his eye, he caught a glint of a moving reflective surface. Shit.
Really? This again? “No, you want a fully functional weapon in the little more than a week  that I’ve been here,” replied Tony, sliding out from under the mess. He felt pissed and a little betrayed as he set his tools down on one of the workbenches. “Is that what I am to you Obie? A weapons factory? I’m hurt. I thought we were past the one-night stands with my guns and into romantic walks on the beach.”
Steve glared at Bucky and Clint “This all stops, now. And you tell Tony any of this, I will personally make your life a living hell.”
With a quiet ring, the doors to the elevator silently opened. Tony glared at Stane, the creases of his face cast weird shadows in the flood of golden light from the elevator. “I’m not changing my mind Obie,” he said with tired certainty.
“What do you think?” asked Tony as he stepped out of the Macy’s changing room. He did a little twirl to show off his light-up shoes and blue shirt. An ironed-on copy of Captain America’s shield was sewn into the center of the t-shirt. Tony puffed his chest, trying to make the red, white, and blue symbol seem bigger than it already was.
“Just stay there Steve,” insisted Tony. The last thing he needed was Steve getting in the way and shot down by a stray bullet.
God, Tony was going to have to do this. He hated having to do this. “Look, I’m going to be honest with you; Fluffy, sorry, Steve, or at least, the Steve that you knew isn’t fully there right now. Maybe seeing you will jog his memory, but I don’t want you to get your hopes up. He’s pretty much all wolf in there and, well, it’s going to take more than seeing a few familiar faces for him to come back from that.”
Sam didn’t say anything. He just let go of Steve in shock. Giving into gravity, Steve sat down against the cold brick. Despair washing over him as Sam staggered back. “Shit,” was the only thing Sam could say, rubbing wrinkles into his forehead.
But, for some reason, a small part of him wanted to share it. A small part of him wanted to hear what Tony thought. A small part of him wanted this more than anything in the world. With a sigh, Steve gave in. “Fine,” he conceded, pulling back to his section of the bench. “Just don’t make fun of me when you see it.”
The were yawned and shook the sleep from his gorgeous coat. He didn’t see, clearly. Tony muttered a curse and sat down in drunken defeat.
Clint snorted in amusement. “No. I’m here to submit a complaint that you get your ass kicked way too much. I don’t get paid enough to deal with this kind of shit.”
In the distance, Steve heard a scream. He lifted his head out of the sink and looked around for the source of the sound. “What was that?” Steve asked.
Cling gave a weak salute as blood ran down over an injured eye. “Credit is all yours boss. New toy worked like a charm,” he said, showing off the portable crossbow strapped to his wrist.
“How about we elope?” proposed Steve, snuggling close to Tony. “We leave the island a few days early, get on the plane, fly over to Vegas, go to one of those shit chapels and have Elvis marry us?”
Tony rolled his eyes. He was about two minutes away from having an aneurusm. Either that, or a dead were on his hands. “No, you don’t,” hissed Tony as Barnes shed his clothes. “That’s a feral werewolf. You don’t know what he’s capable of.”
“Bathroom?” offered Tony from the other side of the room, suddenly very interested in the woodgrain walls.
Desperately, he scanned the room again. Maybe he had missed someone. Maybe Steve had taken a quick trip to the john and would come out at any second.
Bucky’s tail dropped. He whined one last time but did as he was told. With a worried pout, he limped out of the enclosure, grabbing his clothes on the way out.
A burst of warmth filled his chest as a pit of guilt pooled into his stomach. Tony had found him. Tony had found him of his own by his own volition, and Steve had greeted like he was a sack of worms. Way to go Rogers. Way to let the pressure of being boss get you so far down, you can’t tell the difference between friend and foe. Tony looked so baffled. He needed to do something to fix this. Not pointing a gun at the guy would be a step in the right direction.
“Just put it on my desk,” he said, trying his best to ignore her as he glared at the damn needle moving closer to his floor. “I don’t like being handed things.”
Tony let out a heavy breath and rubbed a free hand over his face. They were safe, for now. Didn’t matter what Stane felt. It wouldn’t matter in the big picture. “Bring me the specs and any adjustments R&D made. I’ll take a look at them when I have a moment,” he said, voice heavy with exhaustion.
Pepper smiled. “Oh I know you do. I don’t doubt it considering all the unsavory memories I have of kicking your late night houseguests out.”
Steve looked at Tony. This smaller, younger version of his boyfriend saying words that Steve had only dreamt of hearing. And here Steve was, having to let him down gently instead of saying ‘yes’ like he wanted. “Tony, that’s sweet of you. But you can’t be my wife.”
Steve ducked down as the noise of ricocheting bullets resumed. There was another one? There was another version of War Machine out there? How many of these things did the Iron Family have?
Tony nodded solemnly. “They were new members of the family. Looking for a way out, looking for protection. That’s all they were, kids just trying to make ends meet.
He rubbed an exasperated hand down his face. “Look, just give it to Pep or put it on the secretary desk right there. It’ll get taken care of,” he said, trying not to snap. Tony needed to keep his feelings under control, and this doll wasn’t helping.
Steve stormed out of the building like a bat out of hell. He refused to look back to see if Tony was following him. He couldn’t look back. If Tony came after him, Steve wouldn’t be able to hold himself together. If Tony came after him, Steve didn’t know if he would give him a right hook or burst into tears.
“We cannot be too careful with the threat of an enemy combatant,” reassured Thor. “Tis better to be cautious than find our comrade’s face in the morning paper.”
Tony suddenly felt aware of the critical eyes watching him. “If someone came back from a fight, and they were having a hard time breathing, and were almost keeling over, what would you say it was?” he asked, trying his best to casually walk over.
Steve tried to stay calm, but his short breaths betrayed his fear. War Machine had found them. He had found out, and now he was going to end them.
A mouthwatering smell wafted out of the kitchen and into the bedroom. Tony’s stomach growled as his muddled brain identified each scent. Eggs with salsa, toast, bacon, and (of course) coffee. Tony should get up, but he didn’t want to. This was
When the truck finally stopped, Steve barely noticed the gentle rock of the breaks or the dying whirl as the engine switched off. The doors flew open revealing two gurneys on rickety wheels. With Sam and Thor’s help, War Machine was loaded onto one cot and Bucky was placed on the other.
"What do you think Barnes? How bad do you have to be to make it on the front page of the morning paper?"
Tony sighed. “You know, under all that fur, I sometimes forget that you guys are just as smart and just as human as the rest of us.”
Tony grunted in satisfaction as he slouched down into a chair. A gray jacket that matched his slacks hung off the back of the chair. “Good. Any progress on the hole in the wall?”
“Trust me kid,” Tony muttered from under the covers. His voice low enough that only Steve’s super hearing could pick up. “You’ll have plenty of those, but you won’t get much sleep.”
Steve didn’t need their help. He could take on Mister Metal with his eyes closed. His nerves were cool and his focus was sharp enough that it would be easy to beat him senseless. Slash that impeccable suit to ribbons before finding flesh soft enough to knead into a deep shade of black and purple with his bare knuckles.
The hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stood up. What in name of all that was good and holy was this thing? Is this what the Iron Family had forced Tony to work on?
No way. That was impossible. AIM was just trying to scare him when they said they could reach into Tony's time stream and manipulate important things from his past, right? He had seen their notes on the blackboard. The numbers and math were all wrong. Most of the formulas they used were theoretical and the results made absolutely no sense. The tech they were using was ten years old and smoked like a garbage fire. They still had that obnoxious dial-up sound playing over the loudspeaker.
Steve jumped into the truck and, goddamn, how big were those shoulders? They took up the entire door.
He needed to get out of the lab, and he needed to get out now. If what Pepper said was true, Tony didn’t even want to think about it. He could pratically hear the gunfire and pings of empty shells falling to the ground.
The wolf opened one eye and gave the meat a cursory glance. He sniffed the air, made a face, and turned back to go to sleep.
rippled out from the impact. The building shook and cloud of dust rained down, covering Tony and Steve in a blanket of brown and grey.
But Steve didn’t answer. At least, not with words. He hollowed out his cheeks and began moving his mouth up and down Tony’s shaft.
Tony let the idea roll around in his head for a bit. He quickly ran through possibilities, positives and negatives. It took him less than a minute to make up his mind.
plan didn’t work then, well, he better be ready to call in a cleanup crew because he wasn’t about to let nobody take those guns out scot free. He had worked too hard and they were too damn close to back down now.
Tony chuckled. He pulled Steve closer, burying his nose into the sweaty nook of Steve’s neck. “What were you thinking you idiot?” he asked, inhaling Steve’s scent. And dear god, he never thought the day would come where he could find such relief in just smelling a man’s musk.
Tony’s side of the line had gone deathly quiet. If not for the white noise in his ear, Steve would swear that Tony had hung up on him. “Um,” Steve held the phone in a death grip. Tony sounded so small and quiet. Nothing like his usual larger than life personality. “You should get going. I got some people getting on my ass about work right about now.”
“And face her wrath when shit like this happens and you bleed out? I’d very like my balls intact for various recreational activities.”
The only reply was a groan from a fallen body that Happy had forgotten to run over. The sap was slowly trying to crawl away from the wreckage, but Iron Man spotted a short arrow jutting out of his shoulder. Iron Man sauntered over to the pitiful soul and ground the heel of his black leather shoe into the man’s injured shoulder. The man screamed out in pain.
There was a mischievous twinkle in Tony’s eyes as his lips curled up into a peculiar smile. “Kid, a lot of things happen when we get older. A few of them being everything hurts and our lack of stamina makes it harder to keep our energy up. Epically during vigorous exercise.”
Steve only sighed. This was no joking matter, and Bucky being an ass wasn't making things any better.
Steve’s tongue slipped into Tony’s mouth and oh, wow. Tony forgot that wolves did that. Normally he’d be fine getting frenched by a wolf. It was just something wild wolves did. You get used to it. But there was something about that way Steve fervently licked the inside of his mouth that had Tony heating up in all the worst ways.
Tony blushed. He kissed a tear off Steve’s face. “Universe is going to have to try a lot harder to kill me.”
Tony pressed the dome of the dough down with the heel of his hand. The dough billowed out under the weight like a under inflated ball. He grabbed a small chunk at the bottom of the circle and heald it steady. Pressing the palm of his other hand into the center of the dough, Tony stretched out the glutenous mixture into a rectangular strip. He folded the dough in half and with a quick flick of his wrist, Tony spun the now ovular doug around so it was long in width and short in length. He took hold of the untouched edge closest to him and repeated the process. Stretch, fold, turn. Stretch, fold, turn. He continued this motion a few times and then offered Steve the board.
“Well can you blame them?” asked Stane. “With the stock as low as they are, they’ll jump at anything that makes them money. And with the number of people unemployed, Tony, this is the time to make something big. Something that will blow their socks off.”
Phil’s warning echoed in Steve’s head again, but he chose to ignore it. Tony had set all this up for him during his two weeks of what he called ‘workaholic hell’. Even if things turned south and the deal didn’t go through, the least Steve could do was meet Tony’s friends. Tony had done so much for him them; it would be rude to back out now.
Tony’s body tensed in apprehension. “Screw you Rhodes. I try to be the mature adult for once in my life and you accuse me of carrying my heart on my sleeve?”
Steve hung up with a sigh. He hadn’t even brought up the kiss this time. What was going on? Was he not reading the signs right? Any time Steve tried to bring it up or took a step further than causal flirting, Tony abruptly ended the conversation. Those first days apart were especially fun.
“Tony.” Steve pinched the bridge of his nose and scrunched up his face. Where had he heard that familiar tone before? Oh right, Pepper when she was exasperated with him. “It’s fine. We’ll deal with it.”
“Why don’t we start by deflating the dough,” suggested Tony. He needed something, anything to distract him from ogling how beautiful Steve was up close. Tony reached down and grabbed a metal bowl covered in a white cloth from under the counter. He pulled back the worn towel to reveal a plump, white dough. After a quick poke to the surface, Tony gently plopped the well risen ball onto a well-floured surface.
As the elevator doors slid shut, ending their conversation, Tony immediately regretted letting Obie talking him into delaying his executive decision. Tony closed his eyes and allowed his legs to give out from underneath him. There was something strangely relieving about sliding down the elevator wall and letting everything he couldn’t say flood out. He hung his head between his legs, breathing to the rhythm of the elevator pings.
Tony groaned. Nothing got past Clint no matter how hard Tony tried to hide it. “Saw all that, huh? Guessing your here to submit your resignation since your boss is a confirmed bachelor.”
“Yeah, guessing that’s the adrenaline talking,” Steve said breathlessly. With adept hands, he ripped the edge of his shirt to make a patch to stop the blood.
“Um…” Well, there was that one time, but that was interrupted by Doom testing running one of his robots of mass destruction. What about that time after- No, Fury had called them in for a covert mission. God, had it really been that long ago? “I can’t remember. I’m sorry, Steve. I know I need to put more effort into being a better boyfriend.”
Jane didn’t seem to notice. "And I heard somewhere that one of your doctors wrote a paper on advanced radiology. Not that I could understand much of what Doctor Banner wrote, but his theories are mind blowing."
"You know the rules Hawkeye. Stick to them," said Tony absentmindedly. Clint's work was always good. He was a pain in the ass sometimes, but he knew how to get the job done quickly and efficiently. Provide you didn't mind an army of arrows sticking out of a body as a calling card. After their first hit with Hawkeye in tow, it never bothered Tony. Hawkeye did his job and he did it well. That was all that mattered. But considering the weapons of choice from his other lieutenants, never let it be said that the Iron Family was subtle. Plus, Tony couldn't be bother to care about that right now. Too many things to think about.
First, an outline of basic shapes. Then, a few light details to mold those shapes into human-like features. Long strokes, short strokes, hard strokes, soft strokes, it was a symphony of sounds that Tony knew he would never get tired of. Tony closed his eyes and allowed himself to be swept away by the white noise. The sound of a pencil on paper and the waves breaking over white sand filled the silence between the two men. It was quiet. It was nice.
Steve tried really hard not to laugh, but a smile, a smile was an acceptable reaction to a six-year-old trying to use a new word. “Okay,” he said, finally giving in. “But I don’t think any of them are appropriate for kids, so I might have to change a few things.”
“Rhodey made me promise that I’d get a proper wedding if I ever settled down because, ‘I deserve something nice.’ His words, not mine. Besides, he’s put up with my shit for years. I can’t break that promise now.”
As much as it boiled his ego, Steve stayed quiet. They had bigger things to take care of and talking wasn’t helping any.
Happy belated Canada Day and Happy 4th of July! May Captain America find your chimney and bring you that bald eagle you always wanted.
Shaking off the initial shock, what he saw in the room was even more breathtaking than the lobby. Maybe more so because it felt so much like Tony. Downstairs was all clean lines and the latest architectural designs. The warm, enteric gold tinted lighting feels so cold and heartless compared to the bright light that filtered into the large room. The steel models glinting like stars in the sunlight, the mess of wires and empty coffee cups, the disarray of papers on a far wall with a newsprint stabbed right in the center with a purple arrow and a Iron Man helmet surrounded by hearts, Steve could only stare in awe. This was like the sketch in the ground brought to life. With all the moving dials and fluxing displays on large rectangular devices, Steve half expected to see something fly over his head like something out of a science fiction novel. How did Tony have access to such amazing things?
“Would you keep it down,” hissed Rhodey. “Kid’s asleep. Do you remember how long it took before Steve finally got him to shut up?”
Bruce raised a questioning eyebrow. “You went out by yourself and a random guy just steps out to shoot you in the shoulder for no apparent reason? Must be some walk if you had to take it in the middle of the night. Do you realize how much of a bad idea that was? What if Clint hadn’t been there to save your stupid ass?”
“And you have no idea how much I wish I could knock some sense into him,” muttered Rhodey in a voice that implied he wasn’t just worried about the younger Tony Stark’s life choices.
Tony smiled and took a few steps into his space. "Steve, do you think I'd still be here if I wasn't okay getting my hands a little dirty. I mean, we drank bootleg out of two mason jars. Can't get more criminal than that,” joked Tony in a low voice. The words felt like dancing fingers along the back of his neck.
Rhodey stared at Tony, mouth agape. “Wow. I remember you had a couple posters in college, but this is something else. You weren’t kidding when you said you were obsessed with Captain America as a kid. I thought it only went as far as the custom-made costume.”
Tony let out a shaky breath. He could do this. He could totally do this. This was nothing compared to what he wanted to ask later. “What if you put Morgan’s picture in your wallet? Fold it up nice and small. Just, you know, as a reminder that you’ve graduated from ‘daddy’s special friend’ to ‘my family.’”
Steve let out a tired sigh, but Tony quickly canceled out Steve’s frustration with a peck on his lips. Steve gave Tony a pointed glare, but didn’t put up a fuss when Tony went back in for more. He reached a hand behind Steve’s head and threaded his fingers into Steve’s blond hair. Their lips locked. Steve hummed as he closed his eyes and leaned into Tony’s touch. Tony’s lips curled up into a smug smile. Point for him. Tony tried to pull their bodies closer together and haul Steve down into the sheets, but Steve was having none of it.
With a wave of his hand, Steve took his crew in. Following the familiar tinkle of a bell, the inside appearance was fairly subdued. The inside was a small little space with two hanging light fixtures highlighting the dark green walls. The sporadic furniture lying about made it confusing as to what the store was meant to be. A large, sturdy shelf stood empty, but at rapt attention behind a long island surface, sun-bleached so bad there was a well-defined dark brown square at one end. Must have been where the register went. There was a sad looking couch sagging into one of the far corner of the room.  From the wear and tear, pattern, and dirt ground into the cushions, it must have belonged to someone’s grandmother ages ago. A circular table sat in the middle of the room surrounded by a mismatched mess of chairs. Cards, chips, mahjong pieces, and cigarettes were scattered across the table, but there was a distinct lack of fresh smoke in the air.
Tony chuckled. “Yup, that sounds about right. I remember hating bedtime as a kid. Always tried asking for one more story no matter how much I was yawning. And for the record, I can totally fall asleep on my own at this age.”
“What makes you think I don’t?” asked Tony. He had gotten used to this song and dance over the past few months. “I designed the stupid thing. Might as well say that everything with my company’s name tagged on the side is my fault.”
