Tony: They are not supposed to magically cure you of sadness. They power you up so that you can deal with the root of the problem, among other things. They kick your ass into gear.
I still don't know why I'm here. Strange wanted me to do something – something Tony needs, he'd implied.
, the rest of him figured it was going to be okay, just for a second longer, just a minute, just to say goodbye.
"I need all of you to know this is no game." He was trying to look dead stern, but the word that came to Tony's mind instead was
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Tony said lightly. The corresponding swirl of warmth in his chest was... worrisome. And nice. He picked nice for now. He could at least have this one day before everything went to shit, like it probably would; memorize like crazy and stick everything into his mental photo album. This day, this glade, this smiling Steve and the silent companionship of trees as the two of them wound their way in between.
, because there must be other people who require her attention." He sounded so serious. Apparently, his painkiller-addled brain didn't become scattered all over the place, the way it happened with regular people, but rather very linear, focused on just one thing while all the others faded away into a fog. His speech was just a little bit slurred, and – yeah, still hoarse, which Tony didn't like at all.
He stole a glance into the throng of people, in the direction Steve had disappeared in, but he was not there. Of course he wasn't, what did you expect, he told himself. The crowd in that spot seemed particularly empty and cheerless to Tony.
, and he shuddered, grabbed onto Steve’s shoulder for comfort if there is such a thing as seeking comfort from too intense a pleasure. And then they were back at the entrance. One jabbed lightly at it, probed, slid in up to the first knuckle without too much trouble. The sheer feeling of being touched on the inside, after so much time, of
Tony was barely aware he was moaning against Steve’s lips. He pushed against his tongue with his own, scraped over his teeth. Both his hands were fumbling, pulling Steve’s shirt out of his jeans. Finally, he found the warm skin, felt it under his palms, and the urgency abated a little. It was as if every touch of skin on skin, every point of contact sated something in him, just to awaken a hunger for something else. He could feel Steve’s cock mash against his own, and the desperate, torturous
Steve just keeps frowning at Tony when he thinks no one's looking. Discontentedly, he sips at his juice, as if it were a big deal. (In all the years Tony's known him, the only thing Steve ever ordered at this time of day was coffee and apple juice. It's not as if he'd have picked anything else
Relief bloomed in his stomach – relief that he wasn't alone any longer, that another human being now existed in his world – but interlaced with strands of weird gratitude to Steve specifically, for being here to share his misery. And then the guilt and the terror, because he wouldn't have wished this on anyone, especially not
All that had happened had crushed Tony neatly into the ground and stomped on him for good measure. He didn't know how to get past that, especially in those first weeks, while he still sat and stared at the phone and wondered
"I'm fixing you a sandwich to tie you over until dinner's ready." There it was again, that puddle of warmth, that strange feeling that he could be safe here if he wanted. Not that he normally felt unsafe, which made it all the weirder.
"And," Tony continued, "then I saw your face, and that was it. Because, see, I spent my childhood staring at your posters." The silence didn't last a significant amount of time, but in Tony's mind it was a desert of quietness. "
"Every person down there, drop your guns!" Like in a dream, the bodiless voice echoed through the town, and as Tony turned his head, he saw the ship – a firefly class transporter – come into view from behind a stone formation outside the town like a second sun, big and malevolent and utterly beautiful. "Get down on your knees, put your hands behind your head,
If you don't want to read porn, it's not essential to the story. They have sex. That's it. You can just imagine what happened and go on to read the epilogue here (it's very short).
. Only sometimes he would get chills. Afterwards. Tony’s thing seemed more abrupt, more violent. And Steve wanted to understand, he needed to. He wanted to know
Tony pulls Steve away from the others at some point. He coerces him into going outside, all the way to Tony's car.
"That early, huh?" he said, almost casually. We were sitting on the boxes, sipping coffee. "When you fell for me."
But of course nothing can go smoothly. They get discovered and the ensuing shooting is quite an unwelcome addition to the evening. Tony is wearing a custom made bulletproof vest of his own design, so he's okay. What Steve has on under his civvies, however, is a  commercial brand piece of body armor. At finding out about this, paralyzing fear cuts right through Tony, leaving him cold; because, when push comes to shove, it's not a brand he'd trust with Steve's life.
A moment of pure, undistilled silence stretched. And then a horrified look slowly overtook Tony's face, and before Steve could digest what had been said, Tony wriggled away from him and ran out, shirt untucked, slamming the door behind him.
It's a common trap, Steve thought to himself. Because you are afraid of prying and you think the other person will talk if they want. And they probably think they shouldn't burden you with their problems, they think you'll ask if you're at all interested. And if you fall into that trap, remarkable people like Tony Stark drop you in the next town, and drive off, and you never see them again because you were too much of a coward to have a real conversation with them. And it's another opportunity missed, another chance gone to waste. Opportunity to... what, chance to do what...? He didn't have an answer to that, but waiting and keeping silent never did him any good.
could act kindly and patiently when there wasn't a crisis at hand. Tony'd never seen him in action before. Before, he kept telling himself that the feelings that were hatching inside him weren't rooted in reality.
"I missed Thor," Steve said, and Tony noticed his eyes had gone serious. "I miss..." He trailed off.
Tony was distantly aware of Hammer finally moving away with the rest of the techs, but Tony didn't pay him any mind now; he lowered himself back onto the gurney next to Steve – a spot he felt he'd deserved – and watched the medic put the dressing on the wound. Some kind of clear, plasticky material clung to Steve's arm like a medusa and shaped itself around it until it practically became a part of it.
Tony saluted crisply, to the best of his rusty-for-20-years abilities and stayed like that. He wasn't a soldier. He'd never been a soldier. Not a good fit for the army, Fury had said, back when. Well, the man knew what he was about.
"Like I really didn't want to get up?" Steve paused, rubbed his forehead impatiently. Sighed. "Look, Tony... I feel... weak. Weak
"Wanna have this discussion here, then, in the hallway?" he said, and it came out as a growl. And oh god, it took all he had not to do anything, not to push Steve against the wall, no to go in and bite that lower lip of his. Anger was making him alive.
, which is not okay, not all right, not what was agreed. Steve thinks he probably whimpers in pure frustration then.
you. Like getting a truckload of something dumped right on top of you; well, of course you couldn't breathe like that.
Feather-light, he lets his fingertips slide up and down Steve's now fully hard shaft, and it's crazy, it's excruciating. Steve squirms, needs more pressure, more friction. He's on the edge of what he wants and he's still not getting it. He humps up into Tony's hands, almost involuntarily, but meets only air; frustration spikes in him; and it's sweet. Then it's back to the fleeting, fluttering metal fingertips again, the want building ever higher. Then Tony's thumb catches against the edge of the head, more roughly. A quick, sharp squeeze of the balls, a tug, a twist – Steve draws in a sharp breath as a mixture of pleasure and pain shoots up his cock like an electric impulse and he bucks up again, which just makes the tugging worse. And then, quick as a lightning, and pressing
"My things," I said, following my own line of thought. "Did some of them survive the battle or was everything at the compound totaled?"
“Well, two can play at that game,” Tony said, crouching down himself. He imagined he could see Steve’s eyes twinkle back, behind his goggles.
It was obvious it pained the blond to admit to any kind of physical weakness. He shrugged. "I'm all right." Then he turned his face towards where he figured Tony was, quirked his lips into a self-deprecated little smile. "Actually, I'm pretty beat. I think I'll need a bit of sleep before I can do anything much. Can you tell me anything about the, ah, rhythms of life around here?"
Thor just grinned and sprawled on the bed. The bed squeaked unhappily. "There's enough love here for the whole department," he said. Tony rolled his eyes and laughed together with everyone, and that, he hoped, was that for now. Up until they chose to put itching powder into his sheets or something equally mature.
"The temptation is real," he'd told his reflection in the mirror as he watched it shave a few stray hairs from his left cheek. Then he proceeded to try and pick a T-shirt to wear, which helped him kill 45 minutes. It was a black one. Really, he could say nothing else about it.
But: “Actually...” Steve made a small pondering noise in his throat, the one Tony had learned to recognize as Steve wondering whether to say something or not. “It was in 2012. You’d invited me over.” Steve’s voice felt deceptively light.
Steve spotted him and a smile lit up his face despite the mask now pressed over his nose and mouth. Even if the mask hadn't been transparent, the crinkling of his eyes would have been enough. It was so unexpected that Tony stopped for a second; glanced over his shoulder to check if there was somebody
to talk about it in the first place. He needed to process. He was just restless, that was it. So Natasha was just as good, because he could just as well
Thank you for all your wonderful reviews. I'm terribly behind with answering them, but RL is crazy, and I'm able to post this right now only because it was already written and just needed some editing. But here, have some hearts instead <3 <3 <3 Your feedback means the world to me.
Tony: As for me saying I regret not killing you, that night –  shit, Steve, I'm so sorry. You know I don't mean it, you know I mean the polar opposite of that. It's just another form of self-destruction I think. Because you know my worst fear, you know it. You know what it is.
"Yes, yes," Steve cut him off, blushing. "He mentioned something. I think it's probably an Asgardian term."
"Yeah, get into the simulator. Turn it on, get warmed up," Steve told him, still not looking up. "I'll be there in a minute."
"Steve." At this, captain hesitated. There was considerably less steel in the commander's voice now. "I'm not ordering you to accept him, all right? But
, he thought, because what else was there to life, but a desperate series of trying, always trying, getting tired, and then trying again, because, really, you didn't have anything else. Forward.
look again. No, he had to be doing it on purpose, he had to. “Where it’s warm this time of year?” he asked mildly. “Sunny? No snow?”
Steve, it turned out, felt better. He still wasn't up to his former strength, but he was not as woozy as yesterday, not as tired, and he overall had a feeling he could kick some serious ass without too much strain. Still, the door was still explosive, and they still had no other way out.
"I can’t believe that I’m having breakfast with two of my heroes," Peter said. "Thanks again, Mr. Stark, for the tremendous opportunity."
"Why won't you walk down the red carpet with me?" Tony whined now, more to get his mind off things than anything else.
He'd been like this at the academy too, in those glorious two months that the experience  lasted. He'd grow so jittery in the face of authority that he seemingly did everything in his power to make the situation worse. He'd thought he'd grown out of it in twenty years, but no.
bed. There were at least three feet between them, the way Steve sat down, his back against the headboard. Still, he could feel the flush in his cheeks rise again and hated himself for it.
Tony: did you think about how you were going to miss HOME while you were hitting me in the fucking FACE with your shield
tell Morgan, because how could he? But they really, really didn't. Not unless they absolutely had to. Anger had festered, and then petered out, and then turned to awkwardness, because –
He kept looking for a barb in her words, but couldn't really find any, so in the end he shrugged, and grinned, and returned casualness for casualness like bullet for bullet.
Tony: She did it on purpose. That was her big idea. To take the fall, very publicly. She's making a martyr out of herself, and they are making a huge story out of it. Like dying on a stake for the freedom of the press. She's got a flare for drama, that woman. Also, tough as nails.
Tony: 'May be some time', for fuck's sake. You're such a drama queen. I can't believe you sometimes.
Tony: Listen, therapists are not my thing, and not yours either. But there are other options, as we've established previously.
"Morgan Stark," he repeated slowly, savoring the pain of every syllable. Can you miss someone you've never met? Miss them so much it made you fall apart on the inside? Tony could. "Tell me more," he murmured.
She just looks at me for a moment, and I suppose that's enough for her to digest the information. "How's he?" she asks quietly.
it. Disregard the shit I've been saying. Please. Maybe I don't sound it, but I'm so happy I could just... I could hug you an sit here cuddling with you while the world goes to shit." His lips were twisted with wry humor, but there was something vulnerable, hidden in his eyes.
"Are you sure you don't want me to carry you?" Steve asked Tony, but Tony shook his head with vehemence.
Tony's throat suddenly felt tight. "I thought..." He tried to smile, but his eyes were beginning to sting, and what was with him and tearing up tonight, what was his fucking problem? "I thought you were going to tell me how he's probably very nice and that I should be happy I have Pepper  to co-parent with, with her sound judgment and strict dating rules, and not someone weak or flaky or boy-crazy."
that," he breathed. "All you do is keep saying he and I aren't the same person. I got it." He sounded somewhat irritated with me, of all things. And while that's not exactly unusual, there also seemed to be a tinge of something else in his voice. A hint of hurt? Perhaps. As if he was saying
Well, he was being a dick, probably. That was what his attempts at neutrality came down to most of the time. Stinging resentment wasn't an ideal companion to neutrality.
Bruce arrived practically at that instant, saving Tony from any further questions or too observant gods.
So much so that he felt his heart-rate start to rise in protest, he felt blood throb in his ears and alarm arise in his chest.
"The bash?" Peter said, puzzled for a moment, and then he brightened. "Oh, the party. You kids with your new slang." He cast a glance over his shoulder, shrugged than leaned even closer to Tony: "A bit quiet for my taste." Then he straightened up. "And this is me saying it.
Still, it went beyond that apparently. He looked at Steve, really looked at him. Took in his spine, straight as an arrow, his tense shoulders, his apparently growing annoyance the more Tony questioned and poked. This went beyond Steve's usual stubbornness. This was something else, something deeper and a bit more foul, Tony felt. It stank of distrust.
Tony just... couldn't do this. Couldn't talk, couldn't feel bad. He couldn't... anything. The breakup with Pepper was still fresh and a little raw. The relationship had felt short, like a blink of an eye. It ended before they had much of a chance to share anything for real. After he got pitifully drunk and subsequently pitifully sober, he realized he was mostly grieving the fact he wasn't really grieving, or he was grieving far less than he thought he would be. He realized he felt sort of liberated, and then he felt so guilty about that he had to get drunk again.
There was too much emotion in the air. He tried to shake it off. "We need to get moving," he said briskly.
He'd seen some footage of him as Iron Man. Steve had always wondered if his actions were self-serving when you came to the root of it, but now he knew that couldn't be further from the truth. Steve was no one at all to him, but Stark cared nevertheless.
Tony: God, Steve, are you actually dictating? You are completely falling to pieces right now, aren't you? I've never heard you this incoherent.
"I meant..." Steve began a little desperately, feeling flush and stuttering a little, but Tony cut him off with a hand wave.
This was when – of all people – Steve's wide frame appeared from behind, streaking over the lower deck at an almost inhuman speed. He passed Tony and his fellows with a wave and called: "On your left!" His back in a tight T-shirt and his butt in a tracksuit offered an entirely unfair vista, Tony thought. He almost stepped into a puddle before he remembered not to stare.
Chances are, he probably didn't know how Tony felt about him. It's a fact that took me months of talking to
know. But I didn't want her to be left alone. I know she needs her dad. I wanted to be there for her, even though, technically, I'm not him. And now I'm being forced to just... abandon her."
Sam gave them both a cool once over. "Back to high school," he commented to himself. "Yay. Steve, is this about Stark?"
The soft sounds of breathing  on the bed beside him messed up the percentage, though. (And fuck you, Schrödinger!). (But, honestly, fuck peace and quiet too.)
Steve was. It was so warm in the car, but it had nothing to do with that. It was just a psychological effect (ergo, unimportant), because Steve spent too much time outside and it was snowing and the temperature had dropped all at once. It brought forth memories he'd rather avoid. It was nothing. Just a bother, really.
to stand up on the surfboard was a magmatic geyser. It was as if a haze settled over Steve, and he felt himself pulled along into the world of laughter and acres of wet skin and gratuitous touching; hands on shoulders, elbows bumping elbows, feet stepping on feet on the soft, sandy bottom of the sea. Knees randomly brushing against knees. Everything perfectly tame. Everything so heated he thought there must be burn marks left on his skin. And Tony’s eyes, so lovely, so open, like Steve never thought he’d see them again; only for him.
I just nodded. And then he kissed me, a barest brush of his lips against mine. That was my limit, that was more than I could take standing there. I took him in my arms, pressing my lips against his, hard, harder. I was massaging his scalp with one hand, the other I used to hold his body against mine, touching, just touching as much as possible. I wanted to flow around his body and envelop it in my own, somehow, touch every inch of it. Keep him there, mine and safe. I wanted to fall to my knees and press my face into his stomach and ask him to just hold me tight. Jesus, I was a mess, but if I knew one thing, anything at all, it was that I needed and wanted and loved this man in front of me more than anything else in the world.
Steve didn't quite dare fill his lungs with air. He wanted to go to Tony, to hold him, to kiss him a thousand times and never stop, but despite Tony's words, the peculiar distance still persisted between them. "Is it too late?" Steve asked softly, because he thought that may have been what this was about. But, even if so, he wasn't sorry, he couldn't be sorry these things have been said. Even if nothing ever happened, he'd still have this.
" he yelled into the night, pushing at the door against the wind. He yelled on top of his voice (his throat punished him with searing, scratching pain at once, as well as with a sad, dry sound that was half-cough and half-whimper).
"Instructions first," he said in a gentler voice. "Van Dyne says you should try and get the fire sprinklers on the walls back online when you can."
. "The beginning," Cap repeated. "You can only benefit from it. We'll record everything all over again, and tonight we're wrapping this exercise up. It never does any good to leave a part of it for tomorrow."
there any things between them left to be ruined, or was it just Tony, clinging to the past? Because, if  it had all gone to hell anyway, maybe he could have this at least– a wild, crazy one time thing. Steve surely didn't want anything more. That had become clear over the past months, culminating with the events earlier that evening. The cold irritation in Steve's eyes and voice when he'd said
When Steve gestured for Tony to follow him, Tony expected him to lead him into the office, but Steve seemed to change his mind at the last moment. He paused at the closed door, considered something for a second, then turned to Tony.
Tony reached up, rubbed his eyes with one hand. Kept at it for a few seconds. It seemed to Steve he'd never look up, but eventually he did. "You didn't think it
Tony’s eyes were hooded as he gently pressed their foreheads together. Holding Steve’s nape with one hand, he smiled. "I’ve got you."
Tony realized he was staring at the slightly flattened lips; staring quite noticeably, probably. The lips were saying
I've seen different explanations and, so to say, conspiracy theories as to what took place. And, the way we used to do this was... You know the drill, some things are state secrets, some things are state secrets of other countries, so you are even less allowed to talk about
Steve gave him a grateful look, though. Nodded. Because sometimes it's a relief to have someone put your own thoughts into words so that you don't have to.
From his words I concluded I'd landed a bit in the future, compared to my own timeline. This was 2024, and the final battle with Thanos had taken place a year and a bit ago.
"What do you mean you don't know where he went? He was in his chambers in the castle. A castle that sits on an island in the middle of a fucking
Steve imagined Tony was reluctant to let go of him, if for a fleeting moment. But then it was all business, and ‘Laters, Cap’, through the voice filters of the suit. Steve
Tony: Aw come on, you're smart enough. You don't need an app. I used to do this with Rhodey all the time at the uni. But he's busy right now, so he's ignoring me.
Steve went very still for a second. And then, without changing visibly, his stance got dangerous. No, not dangerous, exactly, perhaps; not menacing either, he'd probably be incapable of that... Tony didn't know how to describe it, except as
Steve seemed uncomfortable, but, then again, Steve always seemed uncomfortable in crowds, if you knew the tells. His spine was as straight as one of Clint's arrows, and by the appearance of it, way stiffer. And there was this little twitch of the hand, as if he wanted to rub the back of his neck, in confusion, in doubt, but decided against it. His gaze unwavering, he was staring directly at Tony, as if he expected something from him. Tony had no idea what. He longed for an excuse to touch Steve again – brush an invisible speck of dust from his shoulder, straighten his perfectly straight lapel –
"No, he doesn't," the robber piped up hastily. "No he doesn't because this is not me." Then she – because, going by the voice, Billy D. was evidently female – paused, as if she just heard what she'd said. "Uh..." she began, backing away, but by then it was too late. In two quick steps Tony ate the distance and disarmed her easily. He was wasting his moves, really. By that point, the robber's body language was practically begging him to take the gun already.
Tony: I am being offered – and kind of coerced into accepting – the position of the secretary of defense. At least temporarily. Until this thing with the almost-supersoldiers is settled and resolved and dealt with. The institutions revised. A Shield-like type agency re-instated, without being infused with Nazis if at all possible, see. Or some other form of control set in place.
I wanted to know where our timelines diverged. And why. It may have been a matter of philosophy, like he said, but for me it was a burning personal question, even though I couldn't really say it was entirely rational. It was as if, if I could find out how long time ago it happened, I could gauge whether his Steve was really like me; whether this Tony was essentially the same Tony that died on me two weeks before.
"No," he admitted, as if something had cheered him up an infinitesimally small but still noticeable amount. "I don't think so. I think we didn't love the correct parts of each other.
Tony: Don't get me wrong, I'm not a big fan of therapists and their ilk, as you know, but I'm curious: Why don't you want to try?
"Stark!" Fury barked, and it took Tony some effort not to try and stand a little straighter. "Why the hell did it take you this long to make contact? We thought you were dead!"
In the country, everything was easier. The pace of life was more what he was used to. It was possible to, say, trade a day of helping around the yard for a sloppy dye job in someone's sister's tiny hair salon. That way you could turn your hair and beard a more forgettable brown. In the country, it was also easier to do odd jobs here and there, in different villages, different farmsteads, and no one really asked for IDs or bank account numbers, especially – he figured – if you were tall and wholesome-looking (as he'd been told) and very, very polite. In the country, people would tell you to go help widow Kelley around the farm because she could be persuaded to give away some of the winter clothes left behind after the death of Old Red Kelley ten years ago; he'd been your size exactly, it's uncanny, ask anyone. In the country, there was peace, and you could feel useful while you struggled to find it.
Tony noticed the first name, that slipped from Cap's lips so naturally. There was something profoundly noticeable about it. His own misplaced reactions to Steve were starting to seriously grate on his nerves too. Not the time; not the place.
He now attempted to remember that breath-catching, starry-eyed feeling he'd had when he first enrolled in the Academy, but two decades of carefully practiced cynicism couldn't be so easily shaken off. It wasn't even that he wasn't sorry – he knew he'd acted inappropriately, and he'd happily submit himself  to whatever disciplinary measures...
I stand like that for a few seconds and a few more, just staring at him, when I feel something sharp poking at my kidney, and a familiar voice says: "Freeze."
Back in the bad days after Siberia he'd tried telling himself he'd never known Steve for real, but it never held water, even when he was at his angriest. But now, all of a sudden, the man seemed almost like a stranger to Tony. He looked rugged and tired and moved differently, and – Tony noticed only now, because his perceptions apparently came in layers and stages – he wore a different suit too, monochromatic, made from a kevlar type Tony never used in his designs. Down its front there was a deep slash. Tony had caught a glimpse of skin as Steve had moved away. He didn't seem hurt underneath, at least there hadn't been any blood visible. It was more as if someone had cut the suit open for a medical procedure. Tony shuddered. He'll have to get Steve to talk about this. What the hell had been done to him?
Patiently, as if beating himself over the head with a tiny hammer, Tony made himself remember the painful awkwardness when they met earlier tonight, remember the way Steve avoided him, the way he abruptly started pretending he was talking to Sharon when he spotted Tony coming over. The way he – cold, irritated, exasperated – snapped at Tony when Tony refused to take a hint like any normal person would. The way it was nearly always Tony who initiated contact (
Tony arched an ironic eyebrow, but he was already falling in step with Steve, as they started toward the encampment. "Really, Steve?
With his free left hand he jerked Steve closer, catching him around the waist, resisting the urge to grab his ass and pulling at his lower back instead. Closer, closer. The tip if his cock felt raw, pulsing with blood; it was rubbing against the fabric of his boxers, and, through the layers of clothing, against Steve’s zipper. It was painful, but Tony wanted
Surprised at his own reaction, Steve found himself annoyed at this. He wasn't in the habit of giving up what he started, and especially not giving up on people. At first he'd thought Clint was an asshole, and Gamora was difficult to work with, Quill was unreliable and Brunnhilde unpredictable and stubborn. Steve had learned to work with all of them. So, perhaps Stark
"I actually have to do this, you know," Tony said, gesturing with the package the medic had given him.
“I feel perfectly fine.” Tony did try to sound conciliatory. The irritation was just an automatic reaction to someone telling him what to do. “I’m not coughing at all. I haven’t even sneezed once.”
for two years with Steve and he couldn't say he knew her at all. He was very happy to see her, though.
Tony liked blasting his music when he was angry or sad or needed to think. But Peter – Peter wanted to blast it
Steve hated painkillers, hated the warm, foamy feeling that enveloped you like a hot bath and made it look like a good idea to sit on a gurney with a man you're not allowed to fall in love with, and let him hold your hand, and treasure his closeness, and even close your eyes to savor it better. He really, really, really hated painkillers.
I removed my hands from his shoulders, but I still kept them close, just in case. "Sorry," I said automatically, a tad devastated at his reaction. He stopped, then, passed a hand over his face. "
A million thoughts flashed through my  head simultaneously. I knew nothing of that timeline. When was this? Tony looked about the same age as in my present, back while he still was alive. What was this timeline like? Did he not know me at all? That was... devastating. The little history we managed to have in between our misunderstandings and fights – and in this timeline, none of it happened? Some of the defining moments of my life, erased. Maybe here I never got defrosted, maybe... Infinite possibilities bloomed before me, and there, intertwined with the sinking feeling, I suddenly felt a glimmer of hope. It was sharp-edged and jagged, and hell, it hurt. New chances and new beginnings always do. At least I could
This time around I'm older than Tony, though, and it's a relief. I'm 79. My bones are creaky and my reflexes aren't what they used to be even ten years ago; the other day I had to go get glasses. Tony was a little devastated for my sake; me, I don't mind. This way I'm  back to sharper lines  and better judged distances.
Their faces were pressed tightly together. Tony was too tired to disbelieve, to wonder. All he was aware of was Steve's warm breath against his temple, the solidness of Steve's big hands on his waist. "Tony...", Steve whispered. Their feet were barely moving. The time should have slowed down around them in this moment that was almost mystical: a moment when everything seemed to fall together, come together. Steve didn't even need to say anything. His presence was enough. Tony pulled his head back for a moment, focused on Steve's blue gaze, and it was almost there, in the air, nearly uttered.
"What about you?" Steve's voice didn't sound drowsy at all. So. He'd been lying there awake, listening to Tony muttering to himself. Oh, how hilarious. Talking to himself wasn't exactly a new habit, but since he'd been down here, he'd reached a new low.
Tony: But maybe it just means I never really felt secure, and why the hell didn't I see this earlier, why didn't you tell me earlier, dammit??
Tony's presence made Steve tremble with excitement. Usually, when the man was drunk, he would get floppy and clingy; he would happily fall asleep on Steve (not that Steve minded at all). But  now his body was taut, charged under Steve's hands, he could almost feel it vibrate.
A guy in a green skiing suit was just leaving some of his gear against the timber wall of the tiny establishment. Tony arched an eyebrow. “You want to bang the old dude?”
Tony: Jesus fuck, Steve, I'm not mad at you. Actually, I don't know what I am at you. Something, I guess. But I'm definitely not mad because you pointed this out. It was just, too many things happening at once.
Tony's face is resting in his wet palm and he's leaning on the bridge railing. Pressing his thumb and forefinger against his eyelids, he breathes. And breathes.
that included the language processing centers in his brain was out of question right now. The best he could do was look away. Let himself stare into the screens for two seconds. Inconsequentially, he noticed he'd let go of the control stick at some point. He reached out and took hold of it, grabbed it as if he was going to tear it right out of the simulator. He felt his cheeks burning. Was it rage or embarrassment or disappointment – he had no idea. All he was aware of was his own searing hot skin. That was it. Just that.
, was the word at the tip of his tongue. Yes, he'd seen Steve's bad side, his stubborn side and a whole lot of very human faults. Everyone had those, and Tony dismissed them out of hand. In a  greater sense, he realized, despite all that, he thought Steve was this wholly wonderful human being. So, it was infatuation. So what? Perhaps his awareness of Steve's faults meant Tony's feelings for him were more mature. Or, then again, maybe it didn't. In any case, he could hardly come up with someone he would rather have at his side. Yes, after everything.
Then something changed – like a barrel of cold water poured right over your head. It was barely perceptible; it was huge as a mountain. Steve seemed to come to his senses. He didn't even move. It was just his eyes suddenly becoming sober – then distant – then sharp as volcanic glass.
"If you think I'm letting you back out to go chase White Fang  around the fucking snow-globe, think again," Tony said. They were still standing very close to each other.
And Tony said, "Good idea," and then he said, "Wait, I have Darryl on the line," because finally, finally he did. And, instead of asking about Cap, he tried to stick to the priorities. He quickly informed his former boss what they were going to do and how. Then he patiently listened to Darryl give calm, thorough instructions to everyone on his side of things. And then there was floating, hovering, a gentle somersault in the air, like in slow motion. Hope kept turning the grav field up, up, until Tony could stand normally without any inclination to levitate off the ground.
Tony didn't know what he had expected, really. He should have planned this out. He was busy, true, but he should have paid someone to figure this out for him. Or written an algorithm.
"Is this really necessary?" Steve muttered, his hands lingering on the waistband of his pants. "The legs are fine."
The instructor's chair was to the right of Tony's, but Rogers almost never used it like a normal person would. He typically stood to Tony's left instead, holding on to the handle on the wall.
The whole stupid mess of edible stuffs  probably seemed excessive to Steve. Hell, he was a person who was going to volunteer in a soup kitchen on Christmas Eve. To his eyes  and to his 40's sensibilities, having this much food must appear wasteful. He was probably right about that, too, but that question hadn't been the foremost on Tony's mind; all he'd wanted to do was to make a lot of fun things for Morgan.
"Oh, don't get me wrong," Steve said looking around, eyebrows raised appreciatively. "I love the place."
Rogers positioned himself, grabbed a good hold of the handle with both hands and nodded. Which was – stupid, Tony thought, because it was dark, and Tony was supposed to be looking at the controls, not at him,
. Because if they were willing to lose a medic in order to gain a combat pilot, Fury evidently expected things to get pretty heated pretty quickly. The excitement that arose in Tony stomach was probably an inappropriate reaction to danger. Well. That was the dormitory effect for you. Turned you into a teen.
I almost said, but I could see that conversation unravel before me, clearly as if I were the Ancient One. I knew already how it would end. Tony would shrug as if that was something unimportant and say,
pretense. It had to be. Steve thought they both knew what they were doing, where they were going. So this show was meant for... whom, exactly? For Timely? Or for each other?
go for a run too? On the other hand, the packed schedule got their minds off other things, such as wondering if their friends and families back home were alive, if they would ever see them again. Still, did he spot signs of exhaustion on some of the nuggets? When you're dog-tired, you can't think well, you can't steer well, your  reflexes get shitty and you make mistakes. Maybe this had gone far enough. Which also brought him to another question. He looked at Natasha thoughtfully. "Do you think it's actually harmful? The war with the tech? Should I talk to Darryl, put a stop to it, do you think?"
A gentle tap on the shoulder, a hand burning like a million suns. How did he know whom it belonged to? It must have been some unsquished remnant of insane hope inside him; he squished it deliberately, then.
Doubt was only natural. Wild flights of imagination too. Because, as he stood there, bent forward, pressed against Steve's back and unwilling to let go, Tony wondered if maybe he was wrong, if maybe Steve actually cared, if maybe this wasn't a crazy fluke of frustration and desire. He actually – no, stop – but he couldn't
He pushed in, too frantic to really appreciate it and more rushed than he liked. He gripped Steve's hips for purchase, then switched his grip, bent forward, took Steve's cock in his hand again. Steve moaned, throatily, still restrained. Tony pumped his hand back and forth, rapidly, roughly, as he pushed in, in, once, twice, just a few times. The strokes were short, uneven, not artful, not
"Why this timeline?" he shoots back. He sounds more guarded than my Tony, more suspicious. "Why me?"
crowds. And now that the people were dissipating, it all looked somehow sad and unimportant and tiny. Many had left already, and only the drunkest and the bravest were still dancing to the very professional and highly unenthusiastic music being played by the tired musicians. Steve had no idea how long he and Tony had stayed away, but evidently they'd been pretty long.
The sitting down, however – it was easier said then done. His balance was all screwy, as he tried not to put weight on the foot. In the end he gave up, put a hand on Steve's shoulder and lowered himself onto a large piece of rubble. Well, another side benefit of all this was that at least he now had something to sit on.
Tony – quite correctly – interpreted his silence as a yes, and frowned. "Well, that's not so great. Do you need me to rub your hands or something? Wait, I know this sounded like I was making a pass at you, but believe it or not, I wasn't."
Steve could still leave. He could get up, and see that Tony was better, and just... go. The truth was, they hadn’t talked, not really, and honestly Tony would rather do anything than dredge up all that again, but if he didn’t... then what? In all honesty, he’d offered Steve no reason to stay. All the interesting nuances of what had happened stayed safely  locked inside Tony’s head. And mornings tended to be way, way more difficult than nights.
Steve now turns and looks up at him again, and blinks. It's as if he didn't expect Tony to continue the conversation. He doesn't seem entirely displeased, though.
Dripping of the lube down his crack feels like a trail of ice. Steve closes his eyes reflexively. Steve shivers.
"Can you brief me?" he asked her. She was a senior engineer and probably the most experienced one after Darryl.
"What did he mean, I was just bait?" Tony insisted as they climbed another set of stairs. Steve's breathing wasn't exactly belabored, but for Steve it wasn't natural. He was getting tired. "Put me down," Tony said. "I can manage for a little while. Put me down."
Steve's heart fell. If Tony didn't want to stay, he couldn't make him. Well, he could, technically, with a force of three hundred knights and their assorted men at his disposal, but that wasn't something he would ever do.
Captain pushed back his chair, got up; settled his hip against the side of the desk in an unexpectedly homely manner. In Tony's eyes he both was and wasn't the same person as last night: both chiseled from a stone block and pretty in a sweet, rosy-cheeked manner that should be punishable by law. His arms crossed, he looked at Tony, down and askance. Tony let his eyes wander upwards without moving his head.
“Not really.” He paused. “Maybe a bit. Look, Steve, I...” Tony stopped. It seemed another groan would be the only possible way to do justice to his feelings. He had to say something in return, though, he knew that; but squeezing the words out may have been one of the hardest things he’d ever done. “You’re a good guy, with a heart of gold.” It came out softer than he’d expected. “You’re my good friend too. I just don’t know what to do with everything that happened. I didn’t want to deal with it. So I didn’t call. But now... I know I want you
Steve laughed, because what else could he do; but he did sound a little choked, Tony noticed. He regretted his offhandedness instantly. But honestly, what options did he have? In his head Steve was always just Steve, even during the worst of their fights, the ones he thought would never get resolved. ‘Steve’, and to him it was equal parts apple pie and smell of clean laundry and all the clichéd golden things on one side (no, no, drop that train of thought), and on the other – something cold and brittle and dangerous; icebergs and shards of glass. It held too much meaning, but he couldn’t say that to him. It was safer to just stick with ‘Cap’ or ‘Rogers’ and not touch the rest even with the welding gloves on.
"You don't sound like an asshole. You sound shaken," Steve said with an astuteness surprising for his apparent mental state. "You all right?"
going to say anything. I thought he was happy with what we had. He seemed at peace and I didn't want to spoil it.
It was just like Tony to write nothing for days, then send a text out of nowhere and ask him what to wear. Steve kind of hated the texting thing, but not really. He both dreaded the beeping of the wretched device and longed for it. At first Natasha had rolled her eyes at his reactions, and then, somehow, she'd stopped. But – as he didn't try to explain to her because they hadn't actually discussed it – what he hated about texting was the fact that his only communication with Tony had been – well, random questions or various funny clips that Tony tended to send him on and off. Steve never knew what to reply to that. And then, when the dry spell extended for days and weeks at times, he longed for the beeping sound and watched and rewatched the stupid otters playing in the mud. (Natasha'd stopped rolling her eyes at that too;  she'd just arch an eyebrow from time to time, which was mildly disturbing.)
it. Then, after the project rebirth... I didn't think I'd have to go through that ever again. And now it's all changed. Again. I... don't like making a big thing out of it. I don't like calling attention to... to it. I don't like the fuss."
To hear Tony tell it, it was way rockier here than what happened back in my timeline, at least as far as I knew. Not that my Tony ever really confided in me. But around here, they had a bad break-up right before the debacle with Ultron. After it was done, Tony did try to go back to her, but it pretty much exploded in both their faces. Honestly, it could have happened like that back in my time as well. How would I know?
Tony: When you've been sacked and you are carrying all your possessions in a cardboard box, walking to the door – do you also call that box a care package? I'm curious.
Pushing away and forgetting, that was his shtick anyway. So, maybe it felt a little bit like cutting off his own hand, so what. He could do that.
And then, surprisingly, inexplicably, Fury had found him in the supply rooms, sorting through the salvaged parts. Commander Fury had actually come down to the tech deck to find him, to ask why in the name of hell Tony didn't apply for pilot training and did he have any idea how few people they had were competent at flying at all, let alone equipped with a civilian flying license of the highest order, like his. And that was it. There was an announcement later that people over the age of 35 would also be allowed to take the test, due to the scant number of survivors. Thus, Tony took the test. So did Hammer. So did, he remembered, dozens of others – techs, civilians, even some petty officers. Everyone wanted to fly. Flying was the only way to feel in control, to feel you weren't stuck in this fucking space container for ever and ever. In the tiny world trapped inside a metal shell, flying meant freedom.
Tony inclines his head, just a tad. Lets out a tiny: "Huh." Then takes the nubbin of Steve's nipple between his forefinger and thumb – Steve would be fascinated by the minuscule precision of the armor, he really would, if only he wasn't this shivery, this nervy, this lightheaded all of a sudden. Tony squeezes a little, almost gently, and then, smoothly, he twists. It's not cruel, it's not even really painful, but a cocktail of sensation shoots through Steve, straight to his gut, straight to his cock, and it makes him gasp sharply.
"So?" Bruce said after the hellos, and the bone-crushing hug from Thor, and some sciency geeking out from Peter. "Do I have to actually walk down those steps, or do you think I can, eh, teleport straight to the bar without anyone noticing?"
"And that over there is Hammer, Bruce. Just pretend he's not there. I'd say forget him, but that's proven impossible so far, more's the pity." Bruce laughed at this, and Tony felt pleased with himself.
And then, with that, the pieces suddenly fell into place. What had bothered Tony all along, the weird touching, the way Steve held his head, facing Tony but somehow never looking quite directly at him. It was all clear.
It was so awkward. Almost as if... but no, that was impossible, Tony thought. Still, his curiosity piqued, Tony found himself unable to peel his gaze away. It didn't have anything to do with how those fair eyelashes rested against those cheeks, although Tony could sure as hell appreciate the esthetics. No, after that one conversation, Tony had gotten that notion out of his head, firmly. He was just curious. He kept glancing at the Captain every ten seconds or so. And Cap – he very pointedly never even looked up. His cheeks seemed faintly flushed.
"I would fuck you right here, right now," Tony said, his voice grating at his throat "But I know you don't want that. Not for real. And I'm sorry about this, Rogers. Really. I have a tendency to go too far. You know that."
Tony jumped to his feet. Then he reconsidered the hasty decision, because the food was down there, on the table, and so was the wine, and he could better hide behind food and wine. Still – he wasn't sure he wanted to hide anything right then. He drummed his fingers on the table, decided sitting back down would make things even worse, then went over to the fireplace, taking care not to step on the sleeping dog's tail. He leaned against the mantel.
Also, he couldn't believe he'd blithely left the suitcase with the armor in the car without a second thought.
anything. Tony was pretty sure Steve had way more than that to say, with his lot in life. Somehow, he was still failing to open a vein while he drew. Failing to make a connection between what was on paper and what was
I want to bite my tongue in half, and  that unparalyzes me. I take him in my arms, burying my face into his shoulder, and let out just one violent, silent sob.
burned pleasantly hot in Steve's belly, and he now extended the whole length of his legs under the table, touching Tony's shoe with his own, and Tony promptly hooked an ankle over Steve's. This was even more liberty then they usually took with touching each other. It was not a time for subtlety. And Steve thought
The feel of Steve's lips was like a sunburn on Tony's skin, still there when the man pulled away. His arms were a fleeting promise of warmth as they encircled Tony, and held him tightly, tightly, like the warmest of comforters, and then, too soon, they disappeared.
"We can keep them – or burn them, if you want. You decide, I mean. But do you want to look at the drawings?" That was somehow different. The drawings were also intimate, perhaps as intimate as the writings, but they were drawings of Tony and, I thought, intended
"Do you need a place to stay? No, scratch that, I know you do. No, Steve, shut up, you don't get a say."
Tony decided to ignore this. (His foot was okay. Or, well, no, it wasn't – obviously – but what could Steve do about it?) "Which reminds me," he said, "I can't decide at which point it becomes okay to make jokes about 'taking a look' and such?"
"Do I get a love story?" Tony asked suddenly. And then, when she frowned at him, almost as if she had no idea what he was talking about: "In your novel? A romantic subplot or something?"
– couldn't be rectified in any way. I had friends, yes, but I didn't know how you went from putting all your strength into one thought, one idea, one fight, into standing perfectly still. Basically, doing nothing. I could think of a way – and that way would be being with a person; starting something, sharing something. Bucky always said I was a hopeless romantic at heart, even though I don't really see it. But those thoughts brought on nothing but anguish. And, stubbornly, if it couldn't have
The flight diagrams were simple enough, but he supposed that the acquired knowledge was not so easily transferred from theory to actual flying without a lot of experience. He thought to himself that this would all go way easier if Steve – Rogers, he corrected himself, because it really wouldn't do to get intimate – if Rogers let them enter the cockpit, go out and
Tony: I'm not really hiding. I just... needed a few moments of not looking at anyone's stupid face. A breather. Christ, I hate people sometimes.
"Since you can't keep your mind on what you're doing," he said rolling out the cinnamon rolls dough that he apparently had sitting overnight in the fridge, "you'd better tell me what the hell you were doing, coming here on foot in this kind of weather." Steve detected a healthy dose of outrage in his voice. "I texted you not to come. Don't tell me you didn't get it."
, because he was boiling on the inside, because, try as he might, he couldn't distance himself from this.
Tomorrow, the tiny war was on. It was all still very tame, really. Just the techs – at least two shifts' worth of them – who'd suddenly crowded the edges of the landing bay, functionally blocking Bruce and Tony's path, making them go around them every two or three yards. The guys always apologized politely, but those smirks were infuriating. The running wasn't exactly effective, that day.
.  For a millionth time he wished Steve was his to touch and hug and fuss over. To put his arms around his torso so that no one saw how badly his hands were shaking.
That's not a way to respond to 'I love you', whatever you might feel yourself. That's just not any way to treat friends.
Gathering his thoughts, Tony looked at Rhodey. His friend still seemed tense – but not tense with frustration; it almost seemed like anticipation.
He's naked and he's vulnerable and he's high strung as a guitar string on the verge of snapping. Tony's face keeps coming back to him, a smile that is cold and wry, and the eyes that sear into him – with what emotion, Steve can't guess – despite Tony's attempts at impassivity. And something in Steve's stomach burns and burns, and he loves the goose bumps that spring up on his skin; and he looks down his body and imagines how it must look from the door, how he will look to Tony, if Tony ever shows up. How Tony will see him, almost helpless, probably blushing, semi-hard already, sizzling with shame and anticipation and want.
. And he'd known it all along, of course he had, he just let himself get carried away because it would be so easy to fall into his old patterns and try to drown these unbearable feelings in other sensations. But it wasn't fair to anyone involved, and especially not to Peter.
me," Tony spoke over him, "that you didn't approve them? Who holds the rights to your merchandise, anyway? Don't tell me it's still SHIELD."
Steve's voice echoed, and Tony could now see him, and he was vaguely aware of the crowd of women around him.
"Why don't you..." It was Carol, unusually thoughtful for a second. Then, more decisively she added: "Yes, that works." She pushed to the front. "Why don't you just announce 'East Cost Avengers and friends', and people can puzzle over the rest if they want to. Doable, yes?"
The truth was, Tony could never stand the idea of anyone suffering, human or animal, so that was that, he supposed. Oh, he knew this was going to prove a mistake, but after that look from Steve, it was decided. The dog was staying.
"Okay, I'm in it up to my elbows," Tony pronounced. "I can see where the problem is. A whole section of the engine is burned out. I'm going to need to replace this, Cap. I'm going to need spare parts. I know we salvaged some last month, but I've no idea if they..."
"Er, yeah," Tony managed. He still wasn't moving. Neither was Steve. Moving would mean acknowledging they had cuddled together in the night, that Tony was spooning him right now, and the admission would be utterly unbearable. Also, it felt too good by far. He was almost tempted to  just close his eyes for another five minutes before he faced another day. Still, he couldn't stay like this for all eternity. Very carefully, he removed his arm from around Steve's body. "I must have turned  around in the night," he said, trying for offhandedness and probably failing miserably.
Tony did. He waited for Steve in his office in the Compound – which was actually Steve's old office, from back when Tony imagined it was possible to retire from the work that made him feel alive. Maybe, just maybe, they could share the office space now. It would be kind of romantic. They would probably drive each other crazy and argue all the time, which was also, Tony considered, romantic, in a weird way.
"He's gotten so much better. I honestly didn't think he was coming back from his funk," Natasha says on an occasion when it's just the two of us again. I wouldn't discuss Tony like this with someone on the outside, but this is
. It was too long and too steep; in the U.S it would have been classified as a double black diamond. The only reason... well, the only reason he’d brought them here was that Steve was with him, and Tony was overtaken by a hot impulse to see him lose some of that perfect control. Not to see him falter or fall. Tony’d never want that, and besides, he suspected Steve could rock this slope no problem. No, what Tony wanted was to see him let go, just for a crazy instant, hear him whoop wildly into the wind, just once; just that.
"It's a deal," Steve said. Jesus, there had been clues – the coldness thing, the not getting sick thing, to start with – and also, Tony knew that newly defrosted Cap had gone missing. He wasn't
Beer was good, because you could sit at the kitchen table and hold hands and have something to do with your other hand too. Tony's heart was still loud in his ears. It had become a background beat, like a thud of the basses from afar, and, Tony thought, if it stopped now, it would feel weird without it. The burning excitement was clouding his thoughts as they toasted. "To new beginnings," he said, because that was what was in his thoughts right now. But: "To coming home," Steve replied as he clicked his bottle against Tony's, and Tony concurred: "To coming home, then", and that was, perhaps, more fitting.
There is coldness in my stomach, and I'm now becoming aware that, in a way, it's been with me ever since I came here, quietly eating at me. The civil war. We never really talked about it, except to figure out it happened more or less the same way in both our timelines.
you die..." He'd cranked it up to 45, but now his breath hitched and he gasped a little and his right arm flew up towards his chest.
His voice stopped me in my tracks. I turned slowly. "I'm sorry, Tony," I said. His lips had an air of wry concern about them, but his eyes looked hurt. I swallowed.
Then: “I thought you meant me,” Tony blurted, and was instantly grateful he did have the shades on. He hid the rest of his face behind his chocolate mug and took a sip.
The medic had eventually appropriated Tony for a checkup, and Steve was strangely grateful for a chance to slip away. He needed to wipe the sweat from his eyes, have a drink of water, collect his thoughts. (Collect his thoughts most of all, really.) His heart was thumping in his chest, more intensely then when he had gone into the fire. He was almost surprised the people around him didn't hear it. He could feel his cheeks heating up. He tried telling himself he was being stupid, but no use. He both wanted to talk to Tony and didn't, to sit by him on the gurney forever and to run away. Torn by the opposing impulses, he was satisfied to move away. And then, imagining the hubbub of the activity somehow camouflaged him, he stopped and took one long, lingering look at Tony, half-naked, the protection suit bunched about his waist, as the medic took his pulse and scanned him for injuries.
Carol Danvers was unanimously elected as the new mayor of Timely. Steve had thought Bucky's Natasha was going to be a great help to her, but instead, she marched up to Tony and Steve and said
Tony nodded. He could already tell this was not going to be a reprimand, and he was mildly puzzled now. He inclined his head, studying Cap. He looked almost like in the days before he'd decided he was done with Tony, only even more self-conscious. Tony had to resist the urge to say something semi-provocative just to see him blush.
He had an actual, honest to gods crush on Steve Rogers, big as a space station, and he should have admitted it to himself way earlier.
Steve sat down. Tony passed him a plate of assorted goodies (blue cheese and blackberry marmalade and salsa dip), then poured himself another cup of coffee. He then turned to Steve. This type of thing had never been easy, even when
, but that was the support group talk; out here, in this small cabin away from the world, he felt he somehow had the luxury of
"I have an urge to say something comforting," he said, because voicing a part of his thoughts unfiltered apparently was the best option. "But I've always been total crap at it, so let's consider it said and move on?"
Tony: I’m not trying to be insensitive here, I’m just saying, it’s okay to grieve, but I’m saying she didn’t leave you ALONE, yeah?
"Form that party," I said, as if it'd been a normal party, as if nothing happened at that party apart from a few drunken shenanigans.
With his free hand Tony reached down. He ran his fingertips over the back of Steve's hand, then up, raising his own T-shirt even higher. "Not really a problem, I don't think," he managed as Steve slipped his whole palm under, ran it up Tony's ribcage.
"The thing is, I'm not the greatest when it comes to processing emotions, you know? You came back to me, and then you told me about Morgan" – his voice wavered for a split second, then got back to its metaphorical feet – "In any case, I've been thinking. A lot. Wanna know what I figured out?"
I was so damn tired. I'd been trying to hold myself together ever since Tony's funeral. Going back to the last place we visited together hadn't exactly helped with that. Camp Lehigh. There was too much of my history,
I didn't sign the Sokovia Accords, no. To me, this whole thing, with the Avengers falling apart, wasn't about the Accords, and after I took the time to actually study them closely, you know what, they aren't so bad at all, but they are steeped in bureaucracy, and a lot of points there are unclear. And there are always the official channels, the official channels are good, it's like that with the police too. Police forces of different countries will cooperate, and there's also INTERPOL, but it takes time, and it's clunky, and it doesn't always work the way it's supposed to. Sometimes it works perfectly. But when you are after a dangerous criminal who could inflict a lot of damage
Tony filled all his thoughts, like a red hot haze with a strange undercurrent of steady affection. Tony's warmth, his closeness, his lips, his face, more animated now than when he was talking to anyone else... Or was it Steve deceiving himself? He was, he had to be...
Tony: Not at home. Geez. There's a government hearing in progress. And I'm taking five. And later today I have the press conference.
Instead, Rogers seemed to draw back and became even more reserved. Perhaps they understood each other a bit better now, but still, Captain didn't like him much. He made it clear with his polite but clipped replies, his remote attitude; somehow, Tony thought  he wasn't being as terse with the other cadets.
Tony approaches Steve, clears his throat. Startled out of his reverie, Steve almost jumps. He looks at Tony, then, blushing an even fiercer red, looks away quickly.
Tony paused. Tried to determine how much of the truth he wanted to tell, but it blurted itself out, anyway. "I didn't really want to look for you, you know."
And then Thor arrives with the new weapon, and suddenly it's the three of them, together again, and years fall away, and the dance of the battle is familiar and well practiced; it's like music. It works. They work. At least in this moment in time, they are like one.
"Did he say something like that to you?" I asked quietly. "Your Steve? Something that made you think it was just a way for you to... to comfort each other? Is that the reason you guys never talked about it later?"
Tony: Well, he's a stubborn old bastard, Steve, and he has found a way to make all of this even weirder, if you can believe it.
Tony cast a look at Steve's face from a corner of his eye; looked away, quickly. He was pretty sure Steve was sneaking glances right back. And it was ridiculous, but it made Tony want to smile so hard he had to fight the urge with all he had. His knees were watery, but that must have been exhaustion. He sneaked another look. For a nanosecond, their gazes met, then they both looked down.
But the stupid argument and the subsequent mutual sulking? Thoughts about how stupid and unnecessary it all was kept nibbling at Tony's insides with their needle-sharp teeth. This was the first time after days and days he had someone to actually
, and just... superimpose them over the old shitty ones, push the crap out. Like what we did today. Does that make sense?”
with his idiotic, curt responses and his stupid, stiff back and his unease in crowds and his sass and his kind eyes. It was
"Even though..." Steve went on, and then trailed off. There was the silence again, and Tony started to speak, to get this over with, when Steve went on, "Natasha is going to be at the Compound, and Carol promised she'd come by, and also Rocket, so, eh, Natasha though I should come as well. Do you, eh, do you want to come, did you want to...?"
"Did you want something  in particular?" he heard himself say, and his own voice was cold, and he was looking at something to the right of Tony's face, because if he looked into his eyes for a moment longer, he'd go in and kiss him, and everything be damned. And he mustn't, he
Steve had never really paid attention to how quiet it was around here. The wind outside had died down some time ago, and all that could be heard were the haphazard sounds of the house creaking, shifting in its sleep, and the crackling of the fire. In the silence and the firelight, every word seemed more significant, every movement more intimate somehow.
. And me – I felt like I could tackle anything at all. I was here, and I was talking to Tony. That meant everything.
, said a little voice inside his head, and it sounded suspiciously like Pepper. That was the voice he'd divorced, but that didn't mean that it wasn't right on occasion.
Steve lets out a harsh breath. He has his eyes fixed on the gauntlets that are dancing along his body.
Was he trying to insinuate himself into Tony's life now that he was finally not with Pepper? Maybe, Steve thought, maybe a little bit? Was he a bad person for it? More like a crazy person, Steve answered his own question, for thinking something between them could be even possible after everything that had happened and everything they'd done and said to each other.
"You went away to be with him," she said. "Didn't you? Everyone thinks it was Peggy Carter, but I don't think so."
Steve didn't mention that the suit apparently had a leak. If Tony's air purifiers indeed became operational and he managed to put the fire out before something exploded, he should be just fine.
Well, of course it would take a hostile alien ship landing in Greenwich Village for Tony to call. How that smarts. But, oh, how good it feels that Tony calls Steve, of all people, and how right everything is when the gauntlet clasps his hand and pulls Steve up from the rooftop, into the air, ever higher. It's as if no time has passed at all.
Eventually, words are failing him, but his legs still work, so he takes a step forward. A gust of wind tears the umbrella from his hand, but Tony barely notices. Steve's lips are wet with rain. At first they are hard and unrelenting, but then, suddenly, something gives. Last night Steve was all smiles under Tony's lips, before things went to shit. This kiss is different. It's a seal of trust. At first it's solid, and then desperate, and then, slowly, Tony turns it gentle, and finally, finally, Steve melts against him, and Tony holds his face in his hands and it's unbearable to ever let go.
For a second Steve inspected the slash down the front of his suit; it tended to fall open at the most inopportune moments during combat (Tony had noticed). Then, apparently deciding this made sense, he shrugged and put the vest on.
Tony gave him a tablet; he'd spent the night logging, writing down all he remembered about the dreams, as well as his measurements, BARF readings and speculations. "Read that and tell me what you think."
Tony: In any case, there won't be cheering, but there won't be booing. And I think they are going to raise hell over the media blockage. They are already getting shit over this, Christine has received threats from the state top, AND THEY ARE GOING TO REPORT ABOUT IT, HOLY HELL.
So – maybe? Casually? Tony could do it, right, he did it with other people? He'd said so, back when. And Steve had seen him on the balcony, and there was something going on there for sure, but it couldn't be serious or Tony wouldn't be here, with him now. (Tony'd never do that.) But if he could have some kind of on-and-off relationship (whatever) with Peter Quill, then why not with Steve? Steve tried to suppress an unwanted stab of jealousy, with little success.
felt incredibly right. But Tony realized he didn't want Steve for just one night. The past Tony would think him insane for missing the opportunity, surely. But somehow, somehow, it didn't feel like enough now, almost like an one night stand would cheapen the whole experience. Tony wasn't going to do that, even though that was – when all's said and done – one of the hardest decisions ever, and he would probably regret the hell out of it later.
Was it possible, though? Was it possible that to a smart, brilliant, world-weary Tony he hadn't been just a friend, and hadn't been just a potential lay, but something else; could a whole really be greater than the sum of its parts?
The dildos on display in the third cupboard wouldn't be so bad, perhaps, if there was a drop of lube to be found anywhere. There isn't. Together with the fact that there is not one vibrator in the room, no wand massagers, nothing meant to simply give pleasure – just pain – only one conclusion is possible: this is not someone's fun room. This is a torture chamber.
"No, no. Of course not. Of course I didn't." Tony's tone was light, but his words were tumbling out too quickly, chasing one another. "Unless you wanted me to, but you know what, I know you don't, so. Listen, Cap,
He made two steps towards Steve, poked a finger at his chest. Withdrew it abruptly, as if he'd been stung. "Tell me what happened." He couldn't believe how quiet his voice was.
Tony: And I should have been more alert. But it was all so well concealed. Really deeply so. Without the pointers in Natasha's docs, I don't know when I would've found out. And you know what, it kind of scares the hell out of me.
He struggled up, hopped over on his good leg, put an ear against the wall. Yep, hesitant steps: their echo in a mostly empty room. It sounded more spacious than the one Tony was kept in. (Lucky bastard, the other guy. Maybe he's got somewhere to wash his hands too.)
"Why'd you apply? For a pilot?" Captain's question sounded almost gentle, genuinely curious. The tone woke something soft in Tony, in response. Unwanted impulses fluttered behind his eyes, blurring his sight, his mind. For a second, he was lightheaded, as if he lacked oxygen. Rogers' eyes were stunning, his face open, unguarded right then, and Tony couldn't look away.
He'd even turned off his phone, because he thought it was probably inappropriate to have it ring (although the others didn't seem to be having too much trouble with that). He now turned it on in his pocket and sneaked a look at the clock. There were new messages of course. He scanned them, and
"Oh," Steve said. And: "Yes. I understand," because he really did. And in that moment, as he watched Tony agonize over the ephemera of brand design, hair falling into his eyes – it suddenly dawned on Steve that yes, he could do this all day, all year if that was what it took; he'd come to a hundred cottages, on a hundred different mountains, even if nothing ever came of it, and no, he could not step back and let this go, let
“My cock,” he whispered hoarsely, and Steve obliged, reached down and took hold of him. Squeezed lightly. Just held him in his palm. And the jerky motions of him fucking in and out provided enough of almost painful friction of skin on skin. Once, twice, and then Tony was riding the current. He thought he moaned loudly, but he couldn’t be sure. And Steve still held his cock, massaging it lightly even thought it was
Tony drummed his fingers on the chair arm, still not moving. He was bored, and when he was bored, he tended to get restless; Steve knew that much. He started to say something, but a frog-like entity in his throat stopped it from escaping.
Steve was watching in mild fascination, as what was supposed to be an answer to a very simple question somehow slowly turned into a lecture on the basic principles of aeronautics. Just a few sentences, but Stark wasn't addressing him at all. He was talking to the room at large. Almost as if it was a practiced performance. It wasn't about what info he was conveying, it was the way he was doing it. Steve found himself wanting to listen to this man recount all the things Steve already knew.
Tony gave him a sidelong look that lasted for a few seconds too long, then went back to staring through the windshield. "That might have been the core of the problem. But tell me, my dashing highwayman, how did someone so young get so wise?"
He noticed Tony's begauntleted hand twitch towards it – he must be fiendishly thirsty by now – but the man shook his head. "Nah. Nope. I'm good. Thank you, though."
With an effort of will, he turned away from the window, traced Steve’s dear, familiar form with his eyes, starting from his feet, then all the way up, slowly, so slowly, tormenting himself, prolonging the anticipation. Steve was leaning against the doorway, hands in his pockets, ever so casual. Tony had
Steve shrugs, utterly unapologetic, which is okay, since Tony did no better. "I actually thought they were very nice. Didn't you? We should invite the receptionist and your new dentist friend for drinks later."
"It's more of a... souvenir," Tony says mysteriously, making a show of rummaging around. "Here it is."
react then. He turned halfway towards Steve, an eyebrow arched. Steve shrugged yet again.. Nodded curtly towards the window. "Drafts," he said with careful composure.
I know, you crazy son of a bitch." And there is a bit of laughter in his voice, as well as traces of unshed tears. Then he leans down and kisses Steve on the cheek, lightly.
KOSTOLITZ: [speaking over Stark] Can you draw parallels between destruction in New York, destruction in Lagos and destruction in Madripoor?
Natasha let the air out of her lungs with a huff. "You're messing with my counting," she said. "And aren't you always the one going on about the pilots presenting a united front? Was I at 15?"
"It's a big, stupid gooddamn pooch," Tony added to get his mind off of other things. The poor thing had looked so lost and alone, out there in the dark, not to mention half-dead, to boot. Tony immediately felt guilty for not coming for it sooner. "Found him not far from your ice-hole. Nearly dead in the snow. We don't know if he's going to make it, by the way, so please don't get attached."
The rejection itself  burned, but that wasn't all. Tony was used to conquests, but also to rejection. He'd liked playing the field at some point in his life. You do that, you'll get plenty of experience with both. But he somehow felt he didn't deserve the sheer coldness that had resulted from those unfortunate events in the simulator.
"Okay, wait." Quint was getting grouchy, but it was Quint, so that was nothing out of the ordinary. "There's another kind of scissors, too, isn't there?"
"Don't you huff at me," Tony snapped. (Steve hadn't been aware of doing it; he compressed his lips.) "You still aren't cleared to enter the States," Tony went on. "I don't have the time to go gallivanting with you around the world. If you want, come by my cabin in the Swiss Alps next Friday, I'll be there. I'm hosting some kind of a corporate retreat, don't ask, it's something that I..." Tony fell silent mid-sentence, as if deliberately cutting off the flow of words. He took an audible breath. Somehow managed to sound even more tired. "Anyway. They are coming on Saturday. If you come by on Friday, we can talk in the evening, if that's what you want. I'll send you the coordinates. You could drive, I suppose, but honestly, the weather may be a little shifty..."
"You like that, eh?" Tony says, but not to himself this time. It seems to be a regular question, so Steve nods.
His thoughts seemed more and more disjointed. He had to say something. You should say something in situations like this one. Steve's presence made his river of words dry out. Even his usual babbling would have been better than falling into these silences again, fumbling for something to say to each other, oh please, not
New beginnings. As I said, they always hurt. I know a thing or two about new beginnings. Still, I thought, maybe this actually
In any case this wasn't what I would have expected. This felt bold and cheeky. "You sat for these?" I asked, even though I was pretty sure that wasn't the case.
Then, a few minutes later: "During the war," Steve began, "it would get really cold in winter, and people would huddle together, for warmth."
Tony could drive him crazy like no one else could. That had been the case since day one. Still, Steve didn't think it'd bothered him this much back then (not so deeply, in any case, not on such an essential level).
"That..." Tony considered for a moment. "I don't see how right now, but that thought's worth coming back to. We have very few things at our disposal. One toilet bowl with a flush tank. We can't really strip it for parts. I mean, we can, but the materials are mostly shit. The tank itself is metal, but it's garbage. Not heavy enough. There's that washbasin in your cell – which is pretty hilarious, by the way, because  they are apparently keeping us in some kind of a huge, partitioned toilet. In any case, that's crap too."
Tony: So, I got pulled in for a talking to. Regarding SOMETHING ELSE entirely, like you wouldn't believe. The phone got confiscated for the duration, very politely so. You wouldn't believe the buggage on it when I got it back.
"You do look very approachable," Tony said as Rhodey scowled sourly. "It must be the amicable smile. What do you want to talk to her about anyway? Don't you talk like a million times a day, even when you manage to go your separate ways for a couple of hours. Can't it wait till you get home?" Tony knew he was talking two hundred miles per hour. He felt himself speed up. He felt everything about him slow down. It was ridiculous, really, but he could do nothing about it.
Where there are too many emotions involved, either his or someone else's, Tony tends to get uncomfortable. I knew it, understood it; I'm like that too. But, where I would fumble for something appropriate to say and end up with a cliché, Tony usually tries to go for the opposite of appropriate in order to defuse the situation. "No use, Rogers," he inserted, and grinned a variant of his tense, too bright TV grin, "I'm not jumping into bed with you."
Tony huffed and deflated. "Nothing. Nothing. Sorry about that. I shouldn't have said anything. You know I can't fucking shut up. Ignore me."
"I suppose," Steve allowed, finishing his sandwich. Throwing politeness to the wind, he'd eaten it in three or four huge bites, and now he was starting to feel more like himself. "But you'd have done the same."
"Will you put the oxygen mask back on?" Tony knew he had no business insisting and didn't care one bit.
Tony glanced at the sign, blinked twice. “Huh.” And, with some hesitation: “It used to be a black slope, back when,” he explained. “Evidently they’ve reclassified it.”
"Do you think we could somehow make the door go off, from a distance? While we are in the other cell?" Steve asked thoughtfully.
Steve, just how much he missed him already, now that the man was half the world away (and hopefully not as hungover as Tony, since he was leading an important charge).
"Yeah," Tony muttered. "You lie down on top of the flames, I'll walk right over you. Like ants do. Always works."
Which... was tempting, actually. Walking in with Thor, in Norway, in the royal castle, at the gala event in honor of the victory over Thanos – that was a once-in-a-lifetime chance. But...
you here, exactly, by the way?" All of a sudden, it seemed like the most pressing question in the world. "Steve?" he demanded. "No, wait." He jumped up. Beckoned. "You can tell me on the way."
"What about you?" Tony forced out, because he didn't want to drown in his own feelings that were apparently using this opportunity to raise from the depths like a pitiful old kraken.
bedroom, so both rooms are going to be warm enough. You can sleep there. If you have to go to the bathroom, better take a jacket or piss in the pot, I don't care. I don't recommend showering, and besides, the pipes might be frozen anyway. If you need water, melt some snow. I have people that take care of this place, on and off; I honestly don't know what they were thinking."
," Steve said, and Tony may have been trying to have a semi-serious discussion, but Steve of course had to turn it into banter, damn the man, and he was irresistible while doing it, to booth.
"I thought," Tony said, "that was painfully obvious by now." And then, just because he suddenly felt like this was too much – what's Steve thinking? Tony couldn't see his face, and it worried him – he added: "You know, I kind of thought you'd be a stuck up asshole."
"Well, I haven't seen that movie yet, so why not" Steve said, still serious, and then he smiled a little into Tony's eyes. And Tony went very still. Because jokes were all very well, but all of a sudden this seemed like real flirting. He was aware of the exact distance from Steve's hand to his own on the tabletop; it wasn't a great distance. Tony felt the other man's presence acutely, as if he were radiating red heat.
With no hesitation, Tony starts to pull it out then,  but not as slowly. All the way out to the first knuckle, than the little twist again, and it's back in, sharper now, more resolute. He sets a more relentless pace, then, in and out, in and out, not bothering much with subtlety. And it's on the verge of being too much, that cold finger invading Steve's insides, poking, stretching him, carelessly, twisting this way and that. Steve squirms and gasps and feels the
"Er..." he began when the silence stretched for too long. He was aware of two concentric circles of observers, their friends, and then the inevitable gawkers who wanted to stare at Captain America (and at him, of course at him, always). Tony didn't care. He stood there. He swallowed. "So. How was the flight?"
"Perhaps some wars need to be fought," Steve said quietly, and Tony's eyes flashed at him. Not angry, but not
Very late in the evening, all of them decide to go out for a walk. It's well after midnight and it's freezing outside, and everyone is a little drunk (even Steve, on some alien liquor Carol brought), so when someone (Rocket?) lets the first snowball fly, it all descends into chaos super fast. Before Tony knows it, Carol is dragging Steve away (because
the majority would arrive now, all at the same time, and form a very polite line in front of the reception desk. Someone is looking at them strangely. Tony thinks he recognizes one of the goons from the airport as the two of them join the line. The experience is absolutely appalling, and doubtlessly the rooms are going to be no better.
At that, Tony went very still. "No," he said after a long moment. "No, I'm good. You?" His voice was quieter, and somehow stripped of posturing all of a sudden; the pretense was coming to an end. It was very clear by now that Steve knew who he was and that Tony himself was aware of that.
He sighed and buried his face into his hands for a moment. Took a deep breath, calmed down. He gave his new Captain a tired look, then jumped to his feet, started pacing.
But Steve ducked the next missile and the following one caught him in the chest, which wasn’t nearly as satisfactory. It proved impossible to hit him anywhere near the face again, but he still managed to feed Tony another loosely packed snowball, and the snow found it’s wet, crawly way into the collar of Tony’s ski suit. This could be repaid properly only one way, and he found himself barreling into Steve, hooking the man’s ankle with his right foot and pushing him backwards into the white and the soft and the deep. On his way down, Steve grabbed Tony’s waist and pulled him with him. And he must not have been trying too hard, because Tony managed to land on top.
Kamala was showing Spidey something on her phone. Rhodey looked around, took notice of the situation. Then he leaned over and whispered so that only Tony and the Norse god could hear: "I think you're the wrong blonde, Thor."
Reed had shaken him by the shoulder. If Tony hadn't blinked and shuddered and disconnected himself from the multiversal gate, Reed would probably have snatched the chance to slap him or something. With a very good excuse, of course.
"Well." Tony shrugged his armored shoulders, nodded towards Steve's army. "The cause is undeniably good. Noble. Although I hear the leadership is crap."
Tony: Whose tongue went deeper into whose mouth? Because, they say it shows who's going to be more dominant in a relationship.
Steve frowns. "You know, sometimes I can't even tell if you're joking." And then, before Tony can reply: "Would it be so terrible, though? Having... having some kind of sex with me?"
"No," Natasha said, amused. "This one's between the two of you. I thought you might be unaware of it."
Although his hands are high above his head, Steve manages to shrug. "And I said that was fine." His voice is slightly wavery, and not with apprehension. He can still feel his nipple burn, and on one hand it's too sensitive, and on the other it's itching to be touched again, played with. He wants those hands on him, doing
He raised his eyes towards Tony almost furtively, but Tony was looking at him already, out of the corner of his eye. Their gazes locked for just a fraction of a second; everything seemed to come into sharp focus, as if they could almost read each other's thoughts; and then Tony looked away and Steve looked down; they could both just pretend nothing was changed between them, but they couldn't really fool each other.
"I believe you learn to hold the assholery in," Cap said, deadpan. "Somewhere around the age of 6 or 7."
With a rueful twist to his mouth, he ended the call and tossed the phone onto the back seat, to ring on accusingly.
Steve paused. "Everything," he said slowly. "But I keep forgetting. I mean – no, that's not right. It comes and goes. I keep thinking I'm still in the ice. Only, ah, I'm obviously sitting here.  It doesn't make much..." He trailed off.
Tony might not have even noticed the fate of the poor armrest, only he heard it creak, and then he saw how white Steve’s knuckles were. Most of this argument, Tony realized, was unspoken, coursing back and forth in the air between them; someone had left the valves of their unexpressed frustration open. It was like a gas leak. Tony felt as if he was lying in darkness, waiting to hear the click of a lighter. And he was suddenly so sorry. Could they really not have a normal conversation about anything? He felt his face fall.
I do have an idea.  I do, because the fact that he's so straightforward about it only speaks of how distraught he is right now. The other clue is that he puts perfectly sliced pickles on his sandwich. He
"We first got our asses handed to us when we let ourselves be divided," Steve said. "If we hadn't, that would have made all the difference."
For Steve, it had almost been easier while he thought Tony was never going to forgive him. Well, no, that wasn't true, but it was like a tiny black hole taking a permanent residence inside your chest, and it loved the neighborhood, it never planned to move away, and in the end you somehow made your peace with it. (Black holes don't exactly hurt, they just swallow everything else.) And then, after a few missions together, after they finally talked... Well, after that, it was just a little bit unbearable, like wanting to explode and implode at the same time, the joy and the sheer
But Steve’s eyes lingered on his torso for a moment, cataloguing his chest, his upper arms, then seemed to move down. He reached Tony’s midsection and stopped there, as if drawn by a magnet. Tony felt his cock pulse, sing, basking in the gaze. Steve’s eyes were heavily lidded now; something dark had surfaced there.
Besides, when had it become okay for them to touch each other like this? Tony couldn't remember if they'd ever hugged. Nope. Not even in their best days. A firm handshake was all Steve could tolerate – Tony thought, trying to distance himself from the sudden neediness coiling in his stomach – or perhaps a friendly peck on the cheek, but exclusively from Nat.
Somehow, the realization just clicked into place . A million other situations with Steve now made a whole different kind of sense. And he was so close, so close now, and he was looking into Tony's face with that earnestness of his. There was something so fundamentally honest about him that Tony suddenly wanted to tell him the whole story that nobody but Rhodey and Fury knew in full. Not because it was so important to hide it, but because telling it to people would mean sharing the burden; it made you feel lighter, afterwards. And Tony didn't want that. It was his own, self-imposed penance, to keep that story close to his heart, always, and not let its impact lessen with time.
"I take it the door will open only after we do what the note says." Steve is trying to sound calm, but his voice is hoarse. He doesn't seem particularly upset by the notion, though.
to him,  if only to tell him he had no idea what to tell him; if only to let him know that, if only he knew how to string words together, he'd
Tony: He. And that depends of your given meaning of 'work', but mostly no. Worked wonderfully as a paper weight before I took him apart again.
Tony's grin was self-deprecating, ironic; so brittle it would break into shards at a wrong word, a wrong breath. It didn't put a stop to the spreading of warm happiness through my body, but it did warn me to thread carefully. I just looked at him, trying to let him know how I felt.
And then, when Steve least expects it, Tony shifts the angle again, and curls his finger slightly, and it's there, right
to do it." Inexplicably, Steve was starting to feel kind of bad about the whole thing. This wasn't Stark realizing running was good for him, nor beginning to enjoy it, either, like Steve wanted to believe. This wasn't an attempt to impress him, either, the way he had secretly imagined. The cadets got plenty of obligatory physical exercise during the day, a lot of strength training, some cardio. And, with the whole tight schedule, the training and the classes, no one got enough sleep as it was. Was there really a need for them to get up two or three hours earlier every morning, so that they could get to do it all
I'm here, with Tony, and I'm grateful for every moment. I'm sure I don't deserve all the happiness I got to have again. I've had three chances with the man I love. It's more than
"...Smuggle shit..." Steve supplanted with a smile, because it was happening, it was really happening, Tony was actually inviting him along. To go away, the two of them, together. Like in a ballad (but without anyone tragically dying in the end).
Tony vented frustration through sex, but now there seemed to be no frustration left, just the two of them, both seemingly reluctant to let go of each other. Steve remembered Tony's words again. On the same page? No, they weren't. And he wondered if he should be feeling bad about this – not the sex, but the aftermath. Still, Tony seemed to be snuggling pretty enthusiastically, leaning into Steve, both his arms around Steve. And Steve had his hands under Tony's shirt again – after they'd neatly tucked it in, oh well – moving them slowly, touching, feeling. The first time around, it was about both fulfilling and conveying a
"The wood's over there, in the chest." He nodded his head to the left. "In case you need it. Out through that door is the kitchen. I brought some supplies with me, so there's no need to cook. Also, it's freezing ass cold in there. I lit the fire in my bedroom, too. Actually, the stove is in the wall between there and my... my
He opened his mouth to ask his actual question, then faltered at the last moment. "So... there's something going on with Thor and Darryl, is there?"
Tony: Is that supposed to be very profound and philosophical? I've no idea what you mean, and also, the head is killing me.
He'd look into Tony's eyes, and quickly away; he'd blush faintly, then try to cover it up. He'd let himself be entrapped for a second, as if getting caught in a fantasy web, then step back resolutely, all straight face and stern voice. And Tony couldn't be sure anything was actually going on there either – but on a good day, he thought Rogers was
Tony: I think, when I say things like the ones you pointed out. I think that's how I show you I'm aware of it, aware of the way I am, since everyone else is probably aware of it. And I don't know how else to acknowledge it.
Purposefully, Steve walked to Tony's door. At the last moment, he changed his mind and went into the next room.
Tony: Hey, I've thought of some more hard questions, if you're in the mood. Just one, actually. But I'm guessing you're not in the mood? I'm not either, really, but...
And yet, I couldn't go back to the present and just live on, in the world where he wasn't. I wanted to at last be in the same world as him. Just the fact he existed would make it easier.
He'd known that from the moment he'd stepped in. The new, small, shabby image of the place was battling for dominance with the way he remembered it, and he still wasn't sure which prospect would end up on top.
Tony hooked one hand under Steve's arm (Steve acted all stiff and surprised, as usual) and the other under Fury's (who looked mildly outraged). "You and you and me," Tony said resolutely. "Saloon. Drinks. Now."
"I either screwed up that conversation or he actually loves to run," Steve told Natasha without much preamble as he banged his tray next to hers in the pilot's canteen. His voice was wry.
"I'll be going then," Steve said. He sounded disappointed, Tony thought, but it was better that way, it
On the way, Tony has gone over a million scenarios. What is he going to say to Steve? What could he, what should he say? He's an eloquent guy. He should be able to put his thoughts into words.
Pepper nudged Tony with her elbow, lightly, cutting off his attempt to press Rhodey further. "Natasha incoming," she hissed. "With the entourage." He could never figure out if Pepper and Natasha actually liked or disliked each other. Probably both, he figured.
Tony: Because, yes, I was curious, of course I was, but I’m sick of being manipulated, and for once I can kind of see the options converging, and everything’s becoming sort of clear, and I’m sick of people trying to influence me one way or the other.
"I..." I faltered, then gathered my courage. It was time for honesty.  Essentially, I'd been doing this for years, with the support group I lead, or at least I'd been teaching others to do it. Just tell it how it is. "I loved my Tony." I paused, not quite looking at him. There, it was said. No trumpets, no drumbeat. Suddenly it was easier than I'd thought it would be. As if I've already crossed some kind of line, and from that point onwards it was just your everyday battles. I made myself raise my eyes and added, "I was in love with him", to avoid any kind of confusion. At that, he met my eyes sharply, but I just held his gaze. Steady. "He never knew, of course. I know that's not how it was between you and your Steve, but, eh, it is what it is. I just want you to know that I'm perfectly aware you're not him. I'm not here to... to use you as a substitute."
Tony: I really like the technique you used and what you did with it. I mean, white chalk and charcoal, they are stark by definition (pardon the pun), but sanguine, sanguine is supposed to make things warm and bright. But somehow it doesn't. It sets off the other two instead, but it's more than simply the contrast. And somehow, the color scheme just makes it feel... never-ending.
The soft, suddenly gentle question was too much for Tony to bear. He'd finished applying the gel; he was now just holding Steve's wrist on his lap. He didn't know how to let it go without making it clear how self-conscious he was about the whole business. It was getting weird very rapidly. And Steve's question? The painkillers speaking. It had to be. Steve would never say something like that to Tony otherwise. He let go of Steve's wrist and returned the arm onto the guy's lap. It was painfully awkward, all of it.
A deep thrumming suddenly resounded through the ceiling. The basses were back in the symphony. Tony looked up sharply, as if he could see through the insulation into the deck above (
test him. If he flunks, screw 'im. If he tests well, consider him." Fury made an abortive gesture towards the whiskey bottle on the stand to his right, then changed his mind. Booze was in as short a supply nowadays as patience was. "At eighteen he was a hellion, and definitely unfit for the army. He was wild. Judging by the stories I heard, he's probably still trouble. I don't know him well and I can't say I exactly like him. But even back then, one thing about him stood out, and I'd bet my right eye he's still got it: one hell of a piloting talent." Fury's voice had gone almost mild.
Tony: And you know what's worst? I don't even remember typing it. Because of the booze. I have it in my phone, but I don't even fucking remember.
It keeps building. But it's different then before, it's building in all the parts of him now, simultaneously, his ass, his cock, his toes, all of his body. He closes his eyes and lets it overtake him, and then something clamps on the tip of his cock – it's Tony's gag reflex,  he realizes distantly. Tony has swallowed him whole,  he's all the way in Tony's throat; it's either the sudden contraction or this realization that send him over the edge.
Cap seemed to finally get to the point. "You don't have to go running every morning any longer if you don't want to, you know. I think... I've made my point. And, er... you've done very well. Inspiring the others to join you too. Very good."
As if it was that easy, eh? He felt himself suddenly get irritated. He didn't need hand holding and pep talks. He forced a smile. "I'll do that, won't I." Believe me, he thought, annoyed. "Captain." His voice sounded rehearsed, and fake, and that was all well, but he still felt his throat constrict at the next words. "I was going to apologize," he said curtly.
"You all right?" he repeated, but with less insistence. Backing off now. "Anything broken and all that, can you tell?" He realized he was modeling his tone of voice after Steve's and felt mildly embarrassed, then promptly forgot all about it. Steve squeezed his shoulder in reassurance, once, then let go.
This made Tony peculiarly affronted for some reason. “Aw, come on. I don’t know when anyone’s birthdays are, and even if I do, I can never remember to even send an e-mail. I can’t remember to tell Friday to remind me. I never know what’s going on in anyone’s head. I don’t know what people
, see how it actually felt to do the flat scissors maneuver in a proper flyer. The simulator was well and good, but it wasn't the real thing.
And there was so many things they needed to talk about, but the day had been long, the fuck glorious, and the emotions more than either of them was used to. They fell asleep in each other’s arms and slept until the stars faded from the sky, and then some more. The sea waves outside hummed a lullaby of their own.
Tony frowned for a moment, then seemingly became aware of a couple of used tissues on top of the glove compartment. "They're not... ah. What it looks like, weirdly enough. " He paused. "And not
We tried to do damage control. I have some footage here, I'm going to show you, it was – funny story, that, but most of it was edited out of the news stories you probably saw. We had to do a bit of hacking to get our hands on this material. You can add it to our list of crimes, feel free, yeah. I probably shouldn't have said that. Some of the footage is our own.
No Barnes, Tony saw with a minuscule relief. When they were not forced to stand and fight side by side, as it happened on a few occasion during the Infinity War, they mostly did their best to avoid each other as unobtrusively as possible. He could deal with Barnes, he wasn't really important. But this was probably the easiest course for both of them.
"I'd be very much interested in that, yes," Steve said, surprised to hear a hint of soft laughter in his own voice.
"Are you all right? Are you okay?" he asks, but Steve answers with a kiss, hot and sloppy. "I wanted that," Tony whispers into Steve's mouth. "I wanted to kiss you. I wanted to touch you. So
Tony: And to be completely fair, you didn't say everything was magically resolved all of a sudden, you just said let's discuss.
"I'm from a parallel timeline," I managed. "Will you sit down, please?" The last time I was this close to him in a similar fashion, afraid he was going to faint on me, was when he got out of that space ship with Nebula. I had no more control over the situation now.
It seemed Steve had decided to ignore his stunt, however. Serenely, he turned back to the cabin. And then, fast as a lightning, he bent down, and scooped, and catapulted a snowball straight into Tony’s face. Tony spluttered in outrage.
He stepped back. Took one hard breath, then another. It was too dark, and he couldn't see Steve's face very well, and he... Well, apology was beyond him. All the
them. They stood up for you, they fought for you, over and over again. How could you forget that so fast? And they are... they are
I laughed. I shouldn't have, judging by the hurt look Tony shot me, but it was mostly just a strange relief on my part. "He loved you too," I said quickly and with a smile. As if it was a matter of course. As if it made things better in any way.
– urine reached his nostrils. Well, that was... new. And mildly disgusting. Nimbly, he jumped over a puddle.
be called; a sadness clawing at his chest from the inside. But that was all the other half consisted off, pretty much.
Out of a corner of his eye, Tony glances towards the wall mirror, catches a glimpse of a blond eyelash and a blushy cheek. Quickly looks away. His heart is like a small animal that
"Yeah, like that." Steve's eyes were used to darkness, and he could see a sketch of a smile on Tony's face; it looked sad, even if Tony didn't sound it.
you, you see. I suppose you can consider it a philosophical matter or whatever, but for all intents and purposes, for me – you're you. If we did a DNA check now, it would show it's you." I just sat there, wondering if he were right, but in my heart I felt he wasn't. "And yeah," he went on, "I know our timelines diverged for some reason, but it doesn't necessarily have to have anything to do with something you and I did. Statistically speaking, it probably doesn't. You've probably lived a very similar life to what Steve had here. See, you even had the Civil War – which, by the way, why bring it up now?"
Tony: Except for tracking you down and arresting you, which, fyi, I could have done already if I'd wanted to.
Tony: He says maybe he would consider coming back, as an instructor, if it came to that. Provided that I can guarantee he wouldn't be made to go fight under any circumstances, ever again. Like, if he were provided with a full, legal guarantee.
Steve'd caught Natasha in the hallway and practically dragged her into his office. Now they were both leaning against the edge of the desk, half turned towards each other.
The partly frozen lake sped away under him. He could barely see for the blizzard. What he heard before anything else was howling and keening in the wind, an eerie, alarmed animal sound. Perhaps he was imagining it, but it sounded brim-filled with panic. He spotted the wolf next, nervous or in pain, tail curled between its hind legs, ears flattened back; it appeared to be circling a hole in the ice from a distance. Only then did Tony see a head above the water – a human head and two hands examining the ice at the edge of the hole. Tony swore under his breath and sped towards the person.
"Please, I will need the list at your earliest convenience," the woman said, all cool professionalism. Which was when she, seemingly, spotted Carol and the mask slipped, if for a second. "Oh dear god, you're Captain Marvel," she said, and her voice seemed to quiver for a moment; and then she fled the room.
Tony: Also, if I manage to make a working anesthetic for you, that's one less thing to worry about in case you happen to need surgery or something.
At that, there was a momentous spark in her eyes. "You never seemed particularly interested in inner decoration before."
He nodded towards a styrofoam cup in the cup warmer. "There's still about half a coffee in there if you want. Stale, obviously, but it's warm. I promise I don't have a cold or anything."
The flesh is tender from the rubbing, responsive, but seeing the tresses fall and connect adds another dose of piquant excitement. The first strikes are so gentle they are barely there. Still, the buildup, the quivering anticipation and the rush of blood make him feel it more and more with every rhythmic tap. And then Toy snaps his wrist in a different way, and it's just the very tips of the flogger that connect with the skin. It feels like ten thousand bites, and the sting is so hot and intense he sucks in air sharply through his teeth.
I watched a stray flicker from a streetlight toy with his hair for a moment because I liked fiddling with concepts like light and shadow and because it's been years since I'd had the luxury to let myself get distracted by Tony's hair.
His earnestness was worryingly sweet. It was also very different from the way he conducted himself lately. It felt like a peace offering (not that they had been at war or anything). No, wait; it almost felt like something more. Tony stuffed a hand into a pocket and curled it into a fist because gritting his teeth would probably be impolite. „Nah. Nope. You know what, I don't mind the running at all. I think I'm going to keep at it. Indefinitely." Because, before, he'd kept telling himself he was just waiting for Cap to break and say
, a bit earlier than it was supposed to. They had reached the tech deck, more or less. As expected, the grav field was all wrong. They found out about it as they climbed out and stood on baloonishly light and bouncy feet, on what used to be the ceiling. The corridor was empty. Apart from the
"I guess." Steve smiled back. And seriously, he had to stop doing that. How was Tony supposed to have any kind of conversation while Steve did that?
yadda yadda yadda. All this, surmising Steve was of a certain value to the captors; they obviously had some intentions regarding him.
Tony: I was actually wondering about depression and enhancement. How you have way higher pain threshold than a regular person, which is, I suspect, due to some sort of serotonin inhibition process. Which then factors in with your depression (low levels of serotonin, I mean, or a lack of serotonin receptors, whichever; that'll augment depression, basically).
"Tony?" Steve is looking at him expectantly. Still not moving, still not bridging that gap between them. Tony needs Steve to take him in his arms, inexorably, like last night, with Steve's hands all over him, with Steve's body solid against him. Steve doesn't. And Tony can't speak.
This... could be a disaster, he knows that, every fact points towards that. Being left here, handcuffed and naked, on his back, to wait and wait and wait, probably wouldn't be the worst possible option, even. He's left the key on the bedside table, and honestly, he could probably break the handcuffs. He could
And then the third thought elbowed its way into his mind: how Steve wasn't looking around as he asked that question. How he hadn't done much looking around
the touch of Steve’s hand, but still, Tony knew that a stroke or two would end him. And while he wanted it desperately, he still
Cap shook his head, cleared his throat, for some reason looked quickly to the side. "I heard the thumps," he said. He sounded very calm, though. "I thought to check if the people were okay first." He waved towards the phone on the wall. "Darryl's phone line is not working, and I can't get through to the bridge either."
"Do you want to go back to the beginning?" Steve asked. He could hear Tony's breathing so clearly. He imagined he could hear his heartbeat too, feel the warmth radiating off him. Like a small fireplace all his own. He bit the inside of his cheek.
"Well, next time I need to cut your frozen clothes off of you, I'll be sure to think about your modesty first." Tony's heart twisted at the sharpness in his own voice – what was wrong with him? "If I sound like an asshole," he added, trying to smile and probably failing,, "that's mainly because you got me really scared, okay? And a little bit because I actually am. An asshole, I mean. Now, how are you feeling? Do I need to ask you what year it is and who's president and all that?"
This was when he spotted a branch, heavy with snow, about to fall on the parked car. Damn nature, it was always doing things like that. He let his reflexes take over and moved like a lightning. Footing on the ice was treacherous, true, but at least he managed to bat the branch aside in time. Surely the car owner wouldn't mind the tiny indentation Steve left in the shell of the back door when he skidded and slammed into it. Better than the hostile tree smashing the roof in. Right?
Steve had somehow ended up trapped in a body of a giant lizard, being controlled by his captors, the sorcerers. Basically, both Steves were along for the ride in a dragon's mind; they
"Why ever the fuck not?" Tony wanted to yell these words, his muscles tight with sudden frustration, but even if he'd tried, his throat was suddenly too dry to oblige.
, Steve said last night, out of the blue, just like that. At which point Tony practically threw him out of the room.
Tony: Rhodey's walking so well, now. If you don't know the prosthetics are there, they're practically invisible.
– he wants them more than anything. "Hell, Steve, we never even talked on the phone unless it was work."
Tony meets Steve's eyes, apologizing silently in advance. More pretending. He should have thought better about this beforehand, but needling Steve had seemed like such fun at the time.
"No. Never." He didn't. He'd been listening to Tony chatter like a machine for years, and he wanted to listen to him chatter for many years more, and he should say something, shouldn't he? He just needed a moment to compose his thoughts.
"You can't bunk there." The dark haired pilot Tony knew only by her callsign, Valkyrie, was saying. "That's where Fandral used to sleep."
"No, you know what, there must be a mistake. We certainly didn't want separate beds," Tony blurts, because he's irritated. "I want a super king size bed, if you have one."
Of course, back then Steve's vision hadn't been impaired. And yet, his senses seemed uncannily well tuned now. Tony mostly watched him fight at first, trying not to get in his way. It made sense; even though Tony itched to join in, Steve seemed to have the things under control. The thugs were armed and wore kevlar vests, but in the small, dark space, they inconvenienced one another and kept getting in one another's way. And Steve was a whirlwind.
He's kind of surprised to hear his own voice. It was just a thought, but apparently it's decided to come into the open. Well. He isn't even sorry. It's not as if Steve didn't figure out how Tony felt about him as soon as Tony touched him last night, pretty much. He figured it out even before Tony himself did.
about it at night. But, intertwined with that, there was also a giddy feeling regarding Cap himself. Over and over, he caught himself picturing how he could tease Rogers that day, imagining all the perfectly explicable touches, there and not there, a barely perceptible brush of a hand against hand. They always sent a sharp thrill through him – only because he fancied that, in response, he detected a tiny tremor in Cap's hand too, felt a sudden heat radiating from the man's body. As if his own imaginings of how Cap must be feeling gave him a strange kick, an electric charge straight through his gut.
between them. And now Tony was wearing that relaxed grin Steve hadn't seen in ages, and they were dancing together on an unlit balcony, and Quill's hand hovered in the air, just barely touching Tony's elbow. It was like a fist to the stomach. Steve turned around and strode out, back towards the ballroom, away,
, he wanted to snap; swiveling from extreme to extreme, he had no idea how to handle this. What escaped his lips was a cold, almost petulant: "Well, I'm busy." It was almost like a test: if Tony
It was Tony's turn to lean over and pull Steve into a slow kiss. "Yeah," he admitted. "It did feel like longer, didn't it?"
He ran his calloused hand up the length of Steve's cock, then back again, not too gentle at all. Steve threw his head back and moaned, beautiful, perfect as a Bernini statue even if his face was only barely visible in the dark. An unwelcome tendril of sadness in Tony's heart twitched.
He pulled away. Steve held onto him for a moment longer, protesting with a quiet wordless moan, then let go. "What are you doing?" he asked as Tony started frantically searching the pockets of the coats on one rack, fumbling in the darkness.
It was late in the afternoon, and dark already.  When Tony heard the knocking on the door, in the middle of the fucking Alps, he knew well who it was. After all, he had invited him over. He checked his stupid tablet for reception once again, but no use. Sneezed. Blew his nose one more time, but it was futile, really, because he apparently had a nice snot industry going there; there was no stopping the machinery once it was, quite literally, running. He walked to the door, opened it.
,” murmured Tony in between the kisses. His name on Tony’s lips, still so new and almost painfully good. He pulled back for a moment, but Tony moaned softly in protest, reaching after his lips for one more touch. Then, a little shakily, almost conversationally: “Steve, tell me what we’re doing.”
the man, ever. And feeling like that was all right. But then Steve had gone and put his hand on Tony's and gazed into his eyes, and it was way, way too much. Steve realized that now. As soon as Tony got half a chance to step back, he did. Steve just couldn't find the middle road, it seemed. It was either missed opportunities or coming on way too hard. Up to that point, he'd thought it was going so well, but in all honesty? He should have expected this. This was Tony Stark. What would he want with some guy he picked up on a country road? So, he'd opened up a bit, so what? People did that with strangers, sometimes, when they were unsettled or sad. They unloaded; then they went on with their lives, afterwards, as if nothing had happened. They most certainly weren't looking for someone to hold hands with.
He was giving me that sharp look of his, so I said it before he could: "There's something I haven't told you."
“I told you, I’m not sick,” Steve insisted through chattering teeth as Friday checked his body functions, “I can’t get sick”; and, as Tony was bringing the water to the boil, for coffee, Friday confirmed it: “I’m detecting elevated heart-rate, boss, and periodic muscle cramps. But definitely no fever.”
Tony: Steve, I'll never be a fan. But I do think it's wrong to use people like machines.  And I know he's very important to you. It must be terrible to almost get a friend back, and then not. After so many years. It must be so lonely. So, I'm sorry.
The cleanup was already in progress. Everything seemed in order. Vipers, like overgrown birds, shaken and disheveled, weren't being tended to yet. They looked forlorn. In another time, another place, Tony would have wanted to go over, see how they were doing, see if they could be fixed. It had to be doable. He couldn't have lost the possibility to fly
I'd have expected her to be more suspicious of me, I guess. Perhaps shapeshifting enemies don't cry with joy at seeing her, these days?
"Walk." Natasha's voice jerked him from his reverie. "The feet. Move them." Her hand on his shoulder was gentle, almost butterfly-light, but her voice was, by contrast, quiet and sharp. They had arrived together, super early (Steve had insisted), but Natasha had been fluttering at the margins of his world since, chatting and mingling, apparently familiar with just about everyone. Her act was pure art. Steve already missed the real Natasha, but he also envied her a bit. He himself had mostly limited himself to tight smiles and nods and oh-so-firm handshakes. The more the hall filled, the more uncomfortable he was becoming.
, but saying that to Steve just sounded wrong wrong wrong. Whatever he said to Steve promptly turned to wrongness.
"Finally someone who speaks English." Tony made a show of looking around, then leaned towards Banner. "Zed didn't die," he whispered conspiratorially. "Zed
His eye-slits turned towards Steve's face, Tony leans over, touches his torso. The fingertips of the gauntlet are chilly, smooth, they are light as a butterflies as he runs first one hand and then both up and down Steve's ribcage. Then his whole metallic palms, up and then down in a slow caress. Tony pauses for a second, lets a side of his thumb brush against Steve's nipple.
The irony was an asshole, as per usual. My Tony who had had his cottage by the lake, his family, his little girl – he was dead. Knowing Tony,
Tony rolled his eyes. "I say fuck off," he snapped and shoved his way past. In the sudden silence, his words seemed to echo. It was as if everyone had gone silent right then, and the whole landing bay was staring at them. Hammer's neck blushed bright red as he pretended to laugh it off.
"Steve, it's exactly like commanding a unit," Natasha said. "A blend of intimidation and inspiration. We all know you can do that."
"I was a little drunk. And a lot stupid," he said. "And I'm not used to having superiors, either. It's been twenty years since I had to call anyone
There wasn't anything Tony could do about it, really. It was as if it happened of its own volition. Suddenly he moved the imaginary craft sharply to the left, and forward, and it wasn't as if he'd planned for this, but maybe he did, just a little bit. Cap, with his perfect balance and his perfect coordination, gasped and fell back and to the right –  colliding with Tony's body.
I planted myself in front of him. I took him by the elbows, gently, looked down into his face (God, I loved his face so much). "Tony," I said, as levelly as I could. "I'm here because you're here. That's all. I want to spend my life with you, if you want. I'm not going to leave because we're fighting. People fight. We..."
"I have a mission tomorrow morning," Steve said. The song was drawing to the end, too quickly. "I have to..."
Just like that, without a cursory fight even? Tony brightened almost imperceptibly. “Yeah?” Almost instantly, Tony noticed something was off.
Steve is not there when he enters. Tony is assaulted by the sight of Natasha instead; he prefers not to see her, usually, because that way he can pretend he forgot how much he misses her.
SOMEONE IN THE AUDIENCE (KOSTOLITZ?): Could the battle of New York have been avoided if not for the interference of the former Avengers? We know what you did, Tony, it was heroic. But what about the others?
"Oh, good!" There was genuine relief in Tony's voice. "She okay? Did you find Darryl? Who all's there? What's happening? Is someone...?"
Tony relaxed. See, they could do this. “I thought to kind of go a little bit off-piste too, but not too far. And I’d have the suit on call, in case something happened. It could fly over in fifteen minutes or so, at worst. There are emergency protocols and all.” He considered for a moment. Then, because coercion didn’t feel right, and because, if Steve came with him, Tony wanted him to
Tony realized he'd trailed off mid-sentence. As he watched Steve's face slowly start to fall, he recognized Steve was expecting to hear something different and not 'wonderful' at all. After all, the last time Tony had let himself act as a judge of Steve's character was when he was yelling at him at the Compound right after he'd come back from space. So many things, festering between them. Could they clean it all up? If they really wanted, if they actually tried? Tony believed there was nothing the two of them couldn't do; but then again – infatuation.
He liked the feel of Peter's shoulder against his, his fine, firm upper arm against his own. Comforting,
Steve looks at him serenely. "You were having such fun with the pretend relationship thing today, I thought I'd help."
He finds Tony on the gallery overlooking what is probably a cargo bay. He's watching little Peter and Thor, who are doing some soccer drills, of all things (Wherever did they get a ball?).
STARK: [directly to Kostolitz] You weren't there when New York took place, right? I know you're a Nebraska boy. And you're young. But I'm sure there are many people here who
And suddenly Tony wasn't entirely sure if Steve meant the fight or something else, something Tony was craving in his bones. But that was impossible, wasn't it? Tony's imagination was getting the better of him.
His head was still slightly muddled with whiskey, enough for him not to really feel the nasty hit of his knee against the stone. It took him a moment to get the fucking leg working  properly again.
The gathering was beginning to look sad. It was weird, Steve thought, inconsequentially, as he stepped into the ballroom. The crowd had made him feel uneasy and overwhelmed earlier; the throng of people, the multitude of sounds; with his super-hearing, he could hear feet scuffle and breaths whoosh, dozens of olives splashing around in the martinis, and a sea of indistinguishable words seeping and clanking together until they swallowed him whole, like quicksand. He
. Brown eyes staring at him from the picture seemed brazen, but that might have been a preconception. Everyone knew who Tony Stark was. He was a cautionary tale.
He decided the whole talking thing had been a mistake. What the hell was there to talk about? Why would he care anyway? Tomorrow they could review possible plans for escape, see if anything was viable. If so, well, fine. They'll get out, they'll part their fucking ways and that would be it. They should still be able to do that much, even if they had to work together. And if Rogers insisted on still acting like a child, fine, that was his problem.
That was when he firmly decided to stop with The Game nonsense. He was surprised at the feeling of vague loss, and it was oddly depressing. He hated rejection. And this wasn't even that. This felt like a tiny sun dying before it even got a chance to shine.
And Rogers was gorgeous, in that perfect, distant way that made you want to make a pass at him, not because you expected it to lead to anything but because you wanted to see a reaction.
"If we are going to do this, we are going to have to actually talk about it," Tony says with more confidence than he feels, and Steve nods.
Steve felt his eyebrows climb. He'd heard stories – everyone had; he'd just forgotten the young officer in them had actually been Fury. "You knew him. At the Academy," he said, because stating the obvious was apparently his M. O. when he was this tired.
And: “We’re kissing,” Steve murmured in between soft kisses they both kept reaching for.  “I thought you’d know, a worldly fella like you.” And he wanted to sink into Tony’s eyes, get lost in them for all eternity.
. It wasn't an electric jolt, though. There was no emptiness in his stomach because Peter was there, that unbearable urge to touch, to feel, to reach and
It's good to have Tony by his side. Suddenly, there is no resounding emptiness inside him, no hollow echo; a part of him had been torn out, and now it's back, and it feels so right that it hurts.
At 1 p.m. he was staring at the skies, drumming his fingers against his thigh, wondering shouldn't it start letting up by now.
"Just get to it," he says, trying to beat his own impulse to hesitate, and it almost comes off as gruff. (Almost as if they were just talking.)
Steve's heart fell. Hope fled, the fickle beast that it was, to be replaced by... anger? No, resigned frustration would be a more accurate description, perhaps. Tony had left him to wait, and then, for the first time, he actually
That Look. Also, a dry comment that still couldn't mask the hurt in Steve's eyes. And then Steve up and left.
Steve's voice rang out, and Tony looked up sharply. Still, his job was to do exactly what he was doing. This was where he could actually be useful.
"Couldn't miss the festivities in the old country," Thor replied. "I overheard the rear end of your conversation, Iron Man," he added. "I would be pleased to be your escort as the introductions are being made, if you wish."
"I'm just asking: why would it be different, with friendship? Does it need to be... actualized in some way?"
Here he was, right here, almost surreally close. And Tony had gotten disused from the planes of his face in these few months, and everything felt new, and a little raw, like peeling off a scab too soon, while the skin underneath was still pink and achy. And then Steve had stayed, and brought the damn soup, and he had kissed Tony on the brow, and what the hell was that all about anyway? It had broken Tony’s heart in a million tiny pieces; he wasn’t even sure why.
"And yes, we did, I think, and we still do. Just not in the right way. Maybe not in the right time, either. I don't know."
"Blanket," Tony muttered and grabbed one from the pile next to the gurney. He was about to toss it to Steve, but his hands had a different idea altogether. Before he knew it, he was wrapping it around Steve's shoulders, ever so gently, taking care not to touch the cloth to the injured forearm..
"Well, short of sneaking out with the dirty laundry, I don't see what we can do," Steve said anyway.
"Sucks." That was all Tony said. Steve, however, knew Tony had been kidnapped and held in Afghanistan for a few months. After that, he'd just stopped producing weapons, all at once. The huge gap in the story wasn't something you asked a stranger about. But you could have your guesses.
Tony opened his mouth to reply; reconsidered. "You know what," he admitted then, "I've honestly no idea. I didn't pay much attention."
was like that – refitted hastily after it became clear the enemy could infiltrate more sophisticated systems. The comms in the suits were especially lousy, though.
His cheeks burning, for a moment he was happy to just stand there, pressed against the wall, and bask in being touched and kissed so desperately, in his breath being stolen away.
Tony: In retrospect, none of what happened before looks so horrible as it did at the moment, though, does it?
Tony: You know, I went to bed, and I woke up, and I had to check my phone to see if the conversation's still there. And I've been lying here, waiting for you to possibly wake up. I have two clocks set here, my time and Wakanda time, you know, so that I always know what time it is where you are, at a glance. And I've had it set up that way for weeks, Steve, how is that not weird??
All right, let's be honest. No matter which one of them called, no matter when or why, all Steve would be able to say would be:
, he told himself firmly. He was overthinking this. He trusted his own read on Rogers, mostly, and even if he didn't, all the senior pilots claimed him to be straightforward to a fault.
Tony gave something like an apologetic shrug, if Steve could read him at all. "Don't mind me. I get weird in the evenings. Look," he nodded towards the pot, heavy-handedly changing the subject, practically wrestling it back to what they were talking about before,
Tony gave him an unnecessarily grateful look. “Yeah...” A pause. “Dammit, Cap. Together, you and I make for one semi-functional human being.” And then, with more of his usual confidence: “I’m
Tony: Not the bad one; the chess one, before that. I think I kind of overreacted there. You didn't really say anything. You just asked if I was supposed to be doing what I was doing, basically.
That night, Steve really wanted to know why he'd bristled on the inside when Darryl suggested sending Stark back to the tech department.
It was General Hirata he was talking to now, barely aware of the words washing over him and around him and through him. He wasn't looking back, to see where Steve was in the crowd. (Steve could go fuck himself, really.)
Tony: Or, not misunderstandings. Ignoring each other. The fact that it's always a bad moment. My moods. Everything. Like, two weeks ago, I figured texting was perfect, because at least we couldn't gouge each other's eyes out. But now I'm thinking if we could just talk in person everything would somehow be okay.
be Cylons? Attacking? No, surely not, they would have shown on the radars, surely. The ship would have been on alert. This had to be some other kind of malfunction, but whatever it was, it looked urgent.
, if for a moment. The fighting had been particularly nasty that day. It didn't bear remembering. When the lull finally came, he and Tony had found each other, fallen into step as if by magic, as if for a moment the past didn't exist. Right then it certainly seemed the future wouldn't either. And they found out they couldn't exactly go rest, either of them, no matter how tired they were. Thor had kept them company, to start with, but as the night progressed, he, uncharacteristically, melted away and left the two of them to their intricate lacework of conversation and silences. And that was that – their first and last real talk since the Civil War. Steve wasn't embarrassed he cried, because certain things require crying, as long as no one found out. And when you're drunk it doesn't really count, does it? Also, he had been pretty discreet about it and maybe Tony hadn't noticed...
Neither would give in an inch. Neither would admit that wasn't what we wanted at all. I wasn't going there. I really, really wasn't.
Steve doesn't delude himself that he could ever have what he wants, with Tony; it's a dead hope now, after everything. But perhaps a closure. Maybe they could learn to be at peace with each other. And still... hope might be dead, but it isn't in Steve's nature to give in easily. So, if he actually made an effort, and if Tony... No.
Bent over the dog, Steve considered Tony through the hair that fell over his eyes. There was something weirdly exciting in that almost covert look, so Tony quickly added, to distract himself: "Also, Morgan always wanted a puppy. But Pepper's allergic, so, ah, we couldn't really adopt before"
The medic was back in her full, glaring glory. She rounded on the techs. "Who are you, people? Have you been looked over? Yes? Good, then, I'm sure you can find something useful to do
After all, they were friends, weren't they? There was no reason not to share a gentle moment after sex, right? Some people were like that. Tony never was, unless he was in love. But now, all he wanted was to sink into the warm darkness of Steve's touch, let himself be held, lean his head against Steve's shoulder. He turned his face up, questing for a kiss, and while the rational part of him whispered urgently:
But Steve was smiling at him. It made Tony appreciate the snowflakes and the thick blanket of silence that lay over everything and even the stupid postcard town with the stupid postcard decorations. It all looked quite lovely, really.
It feels awesome, to finally be doing something for real. Because, this is the first time after so long that their efforts are actually permeated with sweet, raw hope.
from me, Tony?" His voice was still low, even though the door was thick and locked. The timbre seemed to connect directly to Tony's cock just like Steve's gaze seemed to tug directly at Tony's heart. He swallowed thickly. And under Steve's burning eyes, the unlikely puzzle pieces started sliding together, to form a picture. The way Steve stared at him right now, at his lips, the way he wouldn't stop touching Tony; Tony had seen it all before, with other people. It spoke of one thing: desire.
"You don't get to steal my thunder," he says peevishly. And then, before I can ask, he's holding me by both my shoulders, staring up at my face, unblinking. "I'm not making the same mistake with you. Of failing to say what I came to say. So, here it is: I love you." It sounds like a challenge, the way he says it, but by the time it reaches my brain, it's somehow turned into a gentlest whisper.
"I'm here," Tony says instead. Calm. Soothing. He still holds Steve's fingers in his hand, firmly, and to Steve it's an anchor. As long as they are physically linked, the magic of understanding lasts.
"Either you or Tony are going to make an ass out of yourselves, that much's for sure," she now informed Steve, "probably both of you. So try not to."  Seeing her social persona bothered Steve, so he welcomed the exaggerated eyeroll at Bucky's departure, as well as the sharp words. At least they were genuine.
And then the texts started – not exactly frequent, but not infrequent either; just frequent or infrequent enough for Steve to be unable to figure out what Tony wanted.
"I was 'Sheriff'. You were 'Stark'. It was the last barrier we kept. I'm just sorry we didn't get rid of it earlier. I wish..." He shut up. He shut up before he said something stupid, like ask Tony not to go.
Trying his best to be calm, purposeful, he made himself walk over to Rhodey and Tony. "What happens next?" he asked them.
Tony laughed softly. Steve knew his painful, self-deprecating laugh, even though, he thought, perhaps no one else around here did. He very much wanted to turn that laugh into a real thing; if only he could find his words.
our good Captain?" The others were joking loudly now, about one thing or another, and the two of them had an improbable moment to talk in peace. Tony didn't know if he liked the line of inquiry or not.
"Go on, then. Hurry," the medic said, and, albeit reluctantly, Steve obliged. He pulled the rest of the protection suit off. He was now in his top and fatigues. The clothing didn't seem damaged anywhere else. Steve obviously didn't have any other burns.
"Why?" Tony asked the man who seemed to be in charge of the lab personnel. "Why did you take me? Why did you take him? What did you intend to do with us?" His voice was as cold as his cell at night and the gun in his hand didn't shake. He wouldn't have shot anyone in cold blood, but he was damn close to it. It probably showed.
Well, maybe somewhere on the way to that, at one point, but that was long gone now. An unsuccessful experiment.
Every day, Tony gave lectures. His teaching time was squeezed in between physical exercises (pretty tasking), combat tactic classes with Rogers (pretty interesting), and flight instruction, held one-on-one in the only flight simulator aboard the ship. The cadets' days were filled from dawn till dusk, but Tony always ended up teaching for at least four or five hours a day. There was a lot of ground to cover, too quickly, so he pretty much took a funnel and poured knowledge into heads, hoping some of it would stick to the sides.
Another block in the corridor, and Steve wasn't paying the necessary attention. He pulled at a piece of engine and a whole wall panel crashed down onto the floor beside him. He jumped to the side, barely avoiding it.
be stupid in peace, out of sight. "You don't have to go," Tony blurted out. He looked a little stunned at his own words, but then he inclined the head for a second and owned them, as was his way. "You could stay and keep me company while I nap," he allowed with a grandiose gesture and a smirk. Seemingly no vulnerability left there, but Steve had a crazy feeling he could sense it just below the surface. "You could borrow a book or something," Tony added in more normal tones.
. He wanted it so much he could have screamed. Frustration at Steve’s careful movements grew unbearable.
They filed into the elevator, and it got moving. Tony couldn't stop thinking about Steve's face as he switched into full action mode, just before he put his helmet on. How his stance changed, how every sign of reluctance or shyness vanished in a flash, how his eyes brightened and his voice got that crisp quality as he gave the orders. Tony wasn't supposed to find that so thrilling, was he? He did his best to push the feeling away.
"Morgan is," Tony clarified, running gentle fingers down the animal's spine. First the dog would have to go through training and whatnot, Tony assumed, to make sure he was safe for Morgan. But with the way the animal wouldn't run away and leave Steve in the ice, and with the trust it showed now, letting them handle it as they wished, it probably wasn't going to be a huge problem. Tony was going to check if the dog was freshly lost , but there were many pets that were left ownerless and alone in the Snap, and everything suggested the dog would turn out to be one of those. "Animals in the house are not my idea of a good time, trust me, but Morgan is going to be charmed."
, Tony thought, uselessly, as he leaned into the touch – jus a little, just for a second, a blessed moment of skin against skin. And then Steve was pulling him in, holding him, and Tony thought:
Steve wasn't ready for this, wasn't ready to have this end so abruptly. (He knew it would, he knew he should have been prepared, but he wasn't. Could he ever be?)
Tony frowned. Once he'd spotted Steve in that ice hole, he'd stopped paying attention to the animal. He'd forgotten about it completely, as a matter of fact. "It was... alive," he said, unable to remember anything else. They stayed like that, for a moment, staring into each other's eyes, holding onto each other's arms; not quite hugging, but not quite...
I take another deep breath. I have to go talk to him, but it's like I'm glued in place. I have this vague idea I'd try and show him some pictures as a proof because suddenly my own life story sounds thin, unbelievable. How can I get through this conversation, if he's going to look at me like a stranger, like an impostor?  I stand there, my hand halfway stuck in the hidden pocket of my jacket, where I keep my wallet and the photos.
"Oh?" he retorts. "Now that Steve's back, though, I'd expect to be pushed down to..." he's babbling. I know he's babbling and he knows he's babbling, and then he stops. "Fuck's sake," he says. "Steve's back.
The idea of just moving on, living on, had been unbearable after Tony's death. I'd already been trying to learn how to move on from my own past; it took me years. And at last I'd realized Tony was it; he was my way of embracing the future – or that was what my stupid, unreasonable heart wanted, at any rate. But that wasn't something that could have happened anyway, not in our universe. "And he died," I echoed my own thoughts. "And I was supposed to do it again, try to move on
, she thought. There wasn't, however, either time or need for her to intervene. Tony was by his side in two seconds flat. He dismounted with a surprising grace and not so surprising haste. As Thor, Natasha and Clint guarded them, he helped Steve down; then, with Thor lending a hand, he lifted him onto his own horse, Jarvis, and mounted behind him. Two grown men, one of them in full armor – well, that wouldn't have been particularly good news for any poor animal, but Jarvis was a huge stallion, and strong. Tony held his king securely with his left hand, his sword still in his right.
This was supposed to be a simple and very straightforward conversation. Ask a question, get an answer, bye. With the two of them as participants, though, it turned into a misunderstanding fest with embarrassment galore. To an outsider, it would probably seem hilarious. They should sell tickets and popcorn. Tony's stomach was tied in knots, though, and he didn't think he could take this much longer, so he just plunged on.
In the labyrinth of corridors, they managed to avoid the pursuit for a little while, and they barricaded themselves in a room. Tony had enough ammo to load two of his semi-automatics. That wasn't going to last him very long.
That wasn't much better, but the quicker he got to the point, the faster this torture would be over. After all, Steve probably had plans... But no, it wasn't fair to hope he couldn't make it; Morgan would be so disappointed.
"I'm all right, though." Steve put it out there like an unbreakable shield in front of him, even if his previous statement belied it.
I couldn't move. My heart was doing its best to choke me again. When I could finally speak, the best I managed was, "We
"I can't see who, because of the smoke," Steve said, as he emerged into a clearer area. "Here. Oh good, Gale's got him now. He says it's Kurt Kowalsky?"
"Well, I never bought the bullshit about unity." She tried to smile lazily, but the sweat and strain on her face spoiled the effect somewhat. "
by a hitchhiker." Tony paused, peering through the car window into the pitch black darkness off the side of the country road. "Unless it's an axe murderer. This
Steve always left the individual instruction with Tony for the evenings. Another thing he kept telling himself was that he needed to help the others first – the others that weren't so good, that required more instruction, more patience, a less tired mind. But, if he admitted  the truth – and after what happened today, he had to – he left Tony for the evenings so that he'd have something to look forward to the whole day. And
, but no, no, there was no time for that even if he wanted to go there, and it definitely wasn't a good idea.
I shrugged. I knew it was another of our wish-you'd-told-me situations. "Feels like forever," I shot back in the same tone or voice, or tried.
Tony told himself he didn't give a fuck. No fucks to see here, move along. Find a different fuck-dispenser for your fuck-dispensation needs.
No, no, Tony thought, we need to move past apologizing, or else we could drown each other in apologies. "It was kind of cute."
"Just my... good friend," he replied with just a minuscule amount of irritation, but whether at the caller or at Steve – Steve didn't know. There was so obviously a story behind it that Steve didn't know what to say. He rubbed his hands that were – dammit – still kind of freezing. He stuffed them between his thighs to warm them up.
The voice is level, mechanical, but Steve can just imagine Tony's dry amusement under the faceplate, and he just shrugs one shoulder.
He will not be coerced into hurting Steve, even though Steve is fine with it. Or more than fine. There'll be time enough for that after they get out of here, if Steve still wants it then.
For a moment Natasha thought Steve was, uncharacteristically enough, asking for help with a combat situation, but that made no sense, since he rode safely in the middle... Then her gaze snapped to him and she registered how dangerously he was swaying in the saddle, and:
, he thought. He had been an instructor in basic flight and combat tactics at one point, true, but intro to engineering sure as hell wasn't his forte. He wasn't bad at applied science, had even enjoyed it at the Academy, but that was many years and many battles ago. So he was going to keep this simple.
Tony caught his studying look and arched an eyebrow at him. This wasn't accompanied with a smile. Steve fled to the appointed bedroom to dump his things, then, a minute later, he came back.
Tony gave him a grateful look, for some reason. "You think? Hm." He seemed lost in thought for a moment. "Well, I suppose I can talk to Pepper about it." He seemed to change the focus back to the food. "In any case – a lot of this stuff is more or less perishable. It needs eating up."
