"John," Sherlock gasped again, his massive bollocks swelling with seed. His cock leaked freely, dripping with each stroke, making a mess of the sheets beneath him. "Christ, you're so
When John lay exposed in front of him, Sherlock mounted his mate's enormous belly, straddling John's girth and bracing his hands on the headboard behind his mate. Breathing heavily, he began to rut against John's gigantic stomach; the Alpha's impressive length was already slick with precome, his cock sliding easily against the taut skin as he thrust. He grunted and moaned softly as he moved, leaking more and more precome onto his mate's stomach, the fluid beginning to pool and drip wetly down the sides of the gigantic belly as his pleasure built.
Sherlock picked up the largest gift first, raising an eyebrow as he inspected the tag. "A gift from New Scotland Yard?" he inquired, looking skeptically at Lestrade. "We all wanted to do something for you - Donovan especially," replied the DI, "And I promise Anderson wasn't involved." Sherlock raised an eyebrow, but nonetheless began to tear away the wrapping, huffing a sigh when he revealed the plain brown box beneath. He slowly removed the lid, and stared. Thirteen bibs, thirteen baby washcloths, thirteen newborn onesies, thirteen soft, hooded baby towels - and thirteen tiny deerstalkers lay within.
Sherlock gave a deep, rumbling purr, dipping his head to press his nose against John's scent gland. He inhaled, and his enamoured expression immediately fell. The Alpha's brow furrowed and he sniffed again.
feel to it. It was lovely, certainly, but he thought it was a definite no. They smiled politely at Mary and left, catching a cab to the nearest tube station since they were a little far from Baker Street. Sherlock insisted on having John seated on his lap, hands splayed possessively over his bump, keeping his scent on him and growling at anyone who came to close, which John found very endearing, nuzzling his cheek happily. He wondered idly which house Sherlock had liked best. When they reached the Baker Street stop he hopped off his mate's lap and held his hand as they walked the short distance to 221B, shedding his clothes seamlessly as he walked towards their bedroom, tenting the duvet for them as Sherlock fetched the lotion, purring in satisfaction when his mate began to smooth the creamy substance over his skin, tenderly, worshipping his gravid form. "Which was your favourite today?" he murmured softly, carding a hand through his Alpha's hair, sighing as he relaxed and lay flat against the sheets.
Sherlock cast his gaze over their sleeping brood once more, making sure each was asleep and accounted for. Satisfied, he turned back to John. "Terrible. Better with everyone here, but still terrible," he murmured, cuddling up to John and resting his head on the Omega's shoulder. He splayed a hand over John's bump. "I want to go home. This bed is too firm, and these pyjamas itch. They're like paper," he complained, wrinkling his nose, "I much prefer the purple silk set you bought me for my birthday." The IV needle in his arm began to itch, and he flexed his fingers, fighting the urge to scratch at it; it had taken several tries to find the Alpha's ruined veins, and touching the bruised skin would be a much more unpleasant sensation.
, he thought happily, purring more loudly, smiling across at his mate. He had slipped into his Omega so intensely that he wasn't quite capable of sentences yet, but he did manage one word; "Sherlock," he asserted, beaming at the Alpha, shuffling forward in invitation for his mate to sit up against the headboard, so John could lean back into his arms as he nursed two of the babies. The others were beginning to stir; the initial sleepiness of newborns, designed to allow their parents to focus on ensuring the nest was safe and moving if necessary, was wearing off, and it wouldn't be long before they needed the pack to give them bottles full of John's milk, pumped and frozen weeks in advance to build up enough of a supply.
Refreshed, John tried to get up to continue shopping, planning to keep an eye out for a last few small items for his mate; he'd found something he thought Sherlock would love but wanted to get him one or two little presents as well. But he struggled in vain to get to his feet; the armchair was low and squashy and he couldn't heave his massive bulk up out of it without wobbling dangerously. "A little help?" he mewled submissively, reaching his hands out in a plea to his mate. "I can't do it, Sherlock. I can't stand up on my own... I'm too big." He bit his lip and blushed; there had been moments before when he nearly hadn't made it, but this was the first time he'd truly been unable to move because of his enormous pregnant belly.
"You must be John?" the doctor asked, relaxing minutely at John's nod. "Could you please name all of your children for me?" She threw a quick reproachful look at Sherlock, as if to say
Sherlock's cock was hard beneath the water, the Alpha's legs spread as he teased his enormous member lightly. The aphrodisiac had had some effect on him, too, making him larger, longer, thicker. His cock alone would be enough to impress all the other Alphas in the room, to say nothing of the perfect Omega who bore his mark.
..." The Omega found himself unable to explain better than that, his throat constricted, unsure whether he wanted to bolt from the room or hurl himself at his Alpha. "I'm sorry," he repeated stupidly, his eyes searching his mate's desperately for understanding and forgiveness.
"Drinks," Sherlock instructed, sending him waddling with difficultly over to the cart. He ordered something small and strong for himself, and the largest, most calorie-laden virgin drink possible to make for John. "Shower," he ordered John. Their drinks would be ready and waiting when they returned, "Come."
"Truly, brother mine, this was your doing," Mycroft added, shifting a little as the sense of raw power and dominance flooding through him made his cock twitch and swell. "If you had not bonded with and sired pups on John, I would have had to wait longer to challenge our sire. But now all of you are
It was obvious John was struggling. The enormity and lowness of the Omega's belly made holding the toy difficult in the first place, and the more he worked, the slicker it grew with the fluid leaking from his entrance. With enormous effort, Sherlock raised his hand from the sheet to snap his fingers. In a few moments, their servant was at his side, the Omega's belly warping and stretching heavily with the movement of the pups inside him. "Hold the toy for him while he fucks it," Sherlock ordered, a fat bead of precome growing on the tip of his cock.
. The Alpha had a bit of a sweet tooth, when the mood took him. He was about to tease that if one of the donuts was missing from the box, he'd know who to blame - but he thought better of bringing Mycroft into the conversation. Today was for John, and to celebrate their union as well as re-strengthen their bond. The Alpha scooped up two pups for himself after sending off the text containing the morning's menu. He watched in amusement as Adam and Miles seemed to reach for one another, the brothers finally settling with a huff when Sherlock brought them close enough for their feet to touch.
Sherlock chuckled, wrapping one arm around John's back while carding his fingers through his Omega's sandy-coloured hair, "If I had my way, your best man would be walking beside you while you were carried in on a litter, though I have to admit that your option sounds equally, if not more, enticing." Though John was his Omega, Sherlock did not play into the gender inequality that usually pervaded Alpha/Omega relationships; John was his partner, his equal - as possessive as the consulting detective was, he did his best to make sure John felt comfortable and had ample say. If his Omega wished to walk, then he would walk. "Perhaps Mrs Hudson - she's taken such good care of us over the years. We'll have to notify her that we will be needing a new home as well, though perhaps we can keep Baker Street as a secondary residence." He paused, considering how to reveal John's changing shape. "We can't exactly have you drop your robe in front of everyone we tell, however..." he said with a smirk.
Sherlock encouraged gently, wanting more yet from his mate. John would not have what he desired until the very last. It was obvious that his mate had become well-versed in collar etiquette since their first experience, and the Alpha in turn was trying to be more understanding. Breaking an Omega into a collar required patience; when an Omega had entered complete subspace like John had, even the smallest movement was not made without the Alpha's desire. As it was only John's second time, the Omega was essentially still a blank slate - it was Sherlock's duty as his Alpha to condition him and adjust his behaviours to his pleasure, a task that was as rewarding as it could be tiring. He grasped John's hair a little roughly, enough to command but not near enough to hurt, and pressed the Omega's nose to his scent gland.
"I'm gonna catch all of the... the bad people when I grow big!" the pup declared. John smiled indulgently at his son and ruffled his hair.
Mycroft found himself unable to force any words past the lump in his throat and simply half-shook his head, looking away and cuddling the pups lying on his chest a little closer. How could he possibly find the words to tell his brother how he was feeling? He had never been able to discuss
" he panted, obviously struggling to string two words together. The toy vibrated perfectly inside him, filling him exactly the right way, and John could feel his cock begin to throb.
"For God's sake!" the exasperated Alpha exclaimed, glaring daggers at an attendant who was currently committing the apparently inconceivable transgression of straightening the groom's suit cuffs. He jerked his hand away, only to have the tenacious Beta follow, the woman completely unphased as Sherlock growled his displeasure. "Where on earth does Mycroft get these people?"
Persephone had long since lost any remaining inhibitions, her head tossed back against Mycroft's' shoulder, her reddened lips parted in a blissful smile. Low, animal moans rolled from deep in her chest, punctuated by her laboured panting. Pinned between the enormous weight of her middle and her Alpha, she was forced to let Mycroft take complete charge, and the knowledge of her situation only increased her pleasure. Her hands roamed her middle until they found Mycroft's. She pressed his fingers even more firmly against the taut, glistening flesh. "Yours," she breathed. Two dark patches were spreading across the front of her jumper, drawing attention to the full breasts and hardened nipples beneath.
Sherlock smiled and nipped his earlobe playfully. "I couldn't resist - my wife simply looked incredible this morning, so gravid with my pups, his breasts so swollen and large just for me, and then of course,
Sherlock had utterly lost track of time; he'd been caught up inspecting the fibers of the football scarves he'd picked up during the case, comparing the material of the two and attempting to trace the location of purchase. John's call broke his concentration, and he huffed in annoyance - before remembering with a dull sense of alarm that his Omega had planned a special evening for them both. Quickly storing the slides, he hurried up the basement stairs, sweeping past his well-dressed mate and slamming the bedroom door behind him in his haste. In a minute, he had re-emerged, fixing a watch around his wrist, dressed in a fitted black suit, his white shirt underneath buttoned somewhat haphazardly. "Ready," he panted, striding over to stand in front of the Omega.
tear you apart." He sent a fresh wave of naked terror through the bond, praying his Alpha was nearly back at the house, his heartbeat elevated with adrenaline.
Fucking the toy almost frantically John felt his orgasm creep closer, coiling inevitably deep in his groin, and he whimpered prettily, his desperate broken moans so loud the servant privately thought that it was lucky the club's soundproofing was of such high quality. The thoughts floating through the bond descended into urgent little noises as John lost all coherency in his consuming need to come; the instant a minute was up and Sherlock gave a nod of approval, the Omega
Sherlock purred as he eased himself down onto the soft blankets, the Alpha kneeling between his mate's spread legs with a hungry gleam in his eyes. His mouth was the first to touch the warm skin as he kissed the top of the ripe swell, his hands following to cup the fullness of John's girth. "You're so big," he groaned, feeling the triplets begin to tumble and kick further at his touch. He hushed them soothingly, beginning to rub in large circles over the stretched skin. "Shhh, Daddy's here... Be good to your mother, little ones - it's quite a lot of effort for him to carry you. But whatever you do, don't stop growing big and strong." He smirked, meeting his Omega's eyes, "The bigger you are, the sexier your mother gets, after all..."
The consulting detective looked at the object with wide eyes. He opened his mouth to retort, but thinking better of it, slowly unfolded and lifted the garishly purple crown to his head. Much to his dismay, and to a chorus of amused giggles from around the table, it seemed to fit perfectly, perching just so on his dark curls. He shut his eyes at the sudden bright flash of a camera bulb, squinting them open the next second to glare at Mrs Hudson. "Should send that one to the papers," Lestrade joked, "the press would have a field day over Sherlock Holmes's new hat." "Not unless you want that camera to make a mysterious disappearance before it leaves this household," Sherlock muttered, but a corner of his mouth quirked up slightly in amusement.
. The Alpha smirked softly as he placed the first plate in front of John, wondering just how much his mate could handle.
Mycroft offered her a small, chagrined smile. "Indeed, Miss- Molly," he replied with stiff nod, a slight blush rising on his cheeks. The pathologist stifled a giggle. "You could've just said," she grinned, suddenly feeling a little more confident at Mycroft's obvious inexperience. "Though I'm not exactly sure how British governments like to pass the time." She considered for a moment, "Perhaps you'd like my mobile number? And then we could do tea sometime when you're free!"
stable, some comfortable item of clothing he could keep wearing as he expanded, at least while he still found clothing necessary. With a breath of realization, the Alpha smiled, knowing exactly what he could do for his mate.
As his mate's approval and encouragement soothed him and urged him on John whimpered needily, delighted that he was pleasing his Alpha. His breathing evening out as he pushed forward, the sensation of more of Sherlock’s enormous pulsing member sliding into his mouth and his mate’s praise and commands pushing him gently over the brink into subspace. Completely relaxed, John moaned deliriously as he felt his lips brush Sherlock's skin; he finally had every inch of his mate's thick cock down his throat. He began to rock a little, a sensual glide that had his Alpha almost fucking his throat without having to move at all.
Arthur kicked his feet a little to show his contentment, and Sherlock huffed in frustration, but the baby didn't burrow into his uncle's chest. Instead, Arthur kept scenting the air with his nose, cooing as he inhaled the smell of his parents.
When they were both clean and dressed once more, they changed the pups and put them in their first Christmas outfits, each with a tiny jumper, the themed details knitted in their assigned color (courtesy of Mrs. Hudson, Beatrice, and Catherine). Sherlock then called the rest of the family to the room, to look after the pups while he took John out to the living room first. Once he'd surprised John, they would watch their pups' reactions together. "Come with me, and close your eyes," the Alpha purred, helping John up before sweeping him into a bridal carry, with as much seeming ease as if the Omega was still light and thin.
John relaxed visibly at Sherlock's words, soothed by the traditional phrase. "Hmmm... yes. If there's anything we're really serious about we say during sex but haven’t discussed, we can say afterwards." He nuzzled his Alpha again, lapping at his scent glad in apology. "Let me make it up to you later?" he whispered seductively, suckling lightly on Sherlock's neck, wanting to make up for his mistake.
The Alpha trembled in shame with each stroke of John's hand before recoiling, unable to stand the tenderness any longer. He could not comprehend why John was not giving him a thorough verbal lashing for what he'd done. Wracked with guilt and terrified of himself, he kept his gaze fixed to the rug.
Cranberries hit Sherlock's uninjured arm, his collarbone, his cheek. Several landed in his hair and didn't come out, nesting easily into the dark curls. John managed a precise throw to the tip of his nose, and the corners of the Alpha's mouth quirked upwards. Another to his chin, and two berries bouncing deliberately off his cheekbones in quick succession, and the smile grew wider. Remembering himself and the recent incident, however, the Alpha schooled his features back into stubborn sadness, and opened his mouth to protest the ridiculous treatment - at which opportunity, one of the small, red projectiles flew easily between his parted lips. The Alpha swallowed it upon reflex, and stared at his opponent, stunned. There was a second's pause. The Alpha's lips trembled. And then he began to laugh.
"Yes, Alpha," John purred demurely, reaching out his hands to allow Sherlock to heave him to his feet. He waddled heavily towards the door, taking one of Sherlock's Belstaffs off the coat rack and swinging it over his shoulders like a cape. It would keep his arms and back warm but his breasts and belly were far too large to be covered by the warm garment; it was lucky they had one of Mycroft's cars waiting and they wouldn't be outside long. "Do we have everything we need?" John checked solicitously, reaching out to take his Alpha's hand and gripping it tightly as he began to descend the stairs. He huffed and grunted as he moved, very aware that he was approaching the size he'd been at their wedding.
"Sorry, Sir. Please, Sir," John whined, eagerly accepting the semen-covered finger his mate offered him, sighing in contentment when Sherlock latched on and began draining the last of his milk. He carded a hand through the soft curls, idly hoping that a good number of the babies inherited Sherlock's hair. "Mmm, my Alpha. Taking such good care of me... love pleasing you," he huffed softly. "Love it when you take care of me. Love serving you," he purred, nuzzling his mate's cheek when he was finished nursing. "Please, Sir... may I bathe?" he asked gently, feeling sticky and sweaty, but perfectly willing to stay that way if that's how his Alpha wanted him.
Sherlock didn't think to correct that they'd all just been napping. He quietly shifted some of the pups to the sofa so he could stand, and began taking them to the bedroom in twos, laying each pair on the blankets before returning for the next. When he finished, he lay down next to them to wait for his Omega, closing his eyes and focused on listening to some of the pups' tiny, contented purrs as they shifted and kicked to make themselves comfortable. John was right, of course - right to be disgusted with them, right that they acted like animals. Sherlock knew he'd deserved the threats as well, but that John needed him too much to make him leave. They had pups to care for together, after all. The Alpha whimpered softly, allowing himself a small, private moment to voice his distress and grief.
"We can," Sherlock rumbled, rutting more firmly between John's legs, swallowing the Omega's protests with another deep, hot kiss. "I want it..," he breathed, nipping insistently at the shell of John's ear. His thumb found the Omega's navel again, swirling over it with insistent pressure, "And unless you tell me 'no' I am going to have you up against the wall with your legs wrapped around my waist and this big, ripe belly of yours rubbing against me, and I'm going to take you until
John hummed happily as he took Sherlock's enormous erection into his mouth, sucking greedily, stroking the base with his hands, almost milking it. He swirled his tongue over the head as he began to move, building a rhythm, rubbing his belly and breasts against Sherlock's leg the way he knew he liked, bobbing his head eagerly, wanting his Alpha's orgasm to be quick and intense. He reached for one of Sherlock's hands and placed it on his head, encouraging his mate to wind his fingers into his hair, to help him direct and control his movements.
Enora (lavender/pale lilac) has sandy curls and blue-green eyes. She looks like Alistair's twin, but has John's nose.
He moaned softly, a firm knot swelling at the base of his cock in response to their family; the Alpha would cement the bond with his mate in their presence, re-establishing their position as a couple within the pack. Lightly releasing his hold on John's hips, he allowed the Omega to help bring them both to their pleasure.
John paused for a moment. "Yes, you're right, we should all have the same last name. What do you prefer? Holmes-Watson or Watson-Holmes? I said Watson-Holmes for myself because I've always been John Watson and it keeps my name together while including yours, like you said John Holmes is terrible... but for me the most important thing is joining our names, I'm not sure how much I mind the order. John Holmes-Watson is less terrible, isn't it? And honestly, everyone we know is going to keep calling us Sherlock Holmes and John Watson anyway. We're really just choosing a surname for the babies. Which do you think scans better? Maybe we should try it out with some of the names we've picked. Lucy Victoria Holmes-Watson. Lucy Victoria Watson-Holmes. Miles Gregory Holmes-Watson. Miles Gregory Watson-Holmes. You know, I think yours first goes better?" He leaned in and kissed his Alpha again, not submissively, just to show him how much he loved him.
John whined at the attention, Sherlock's words sending a jolt of arousal through him, but he wasn't sure he could come like this; he'd come untouched before, but always with Sherlock inside him. His Omega instincts were taking over as he pleased the Alpha, however, and he slid his fingers to his nipples to tease them as Sherlock kept thrusting into his cleavage. He moaned and spread his legs, planting his feet on the bed, pushing up slightly into the contact with his belly, closing his eyes and allowing himself to feel and hear everything, Sherlock panting above him and obviously close, the attention to his exposed navel, Sherlock's engorged cock dragging along his breastbone... his orgasm built quickly and he came not long after Sherlock demanded it, keening softly as he soaked the underside of his curved belly with thin semen. He lapped at Sherlock's balls even more enthusiastically, wanting his Alpha's orgasm to be spectacular.
"They'll be born at the end of July, so they won't need winter knits until they're almost six months old," John was saying thoughtfully. "I thought I might do them little cricket jumpers, swap the colours of the stripes around. Have black in the middle, and each pup's colour for the outer two. I might need your help with that, actually... once I'm bedbound I'll be in my Omega state most of the time but I'll still need something to do, and something like knitting would fit the bill. If you can keep me supplied with wool and needles, the good ones because Sherlock won't know what to buy, I can have them finished by the time they're born." He grinned a little at the idea, only half listening as Mrs Hudson flapped and twittered excitedly, watching his mate and Mycroft instead; he couldn't make out much of their conversation, only disconnected words.
Lestrade gasped softly, both in shock and pleasure. To be invited to join a pack was a great honour, and the idea of being allowed to be family to the young Alpha he'd spent so many years watching out for, to be a family member to his pups - it was heartwarming. "Thank you," he said earnestly, smiling a little. "But I don't need any time to think about it." His smiled widened at the slight frown that crossed Sherlock's face, quickly adding "Of course I'll join your pack. Take a few days with John, get him settled, and give me a call when you're ready for the scenting." He grinned at the other Alpha before leaving, locking the front door carefully behind him.
John ate heartily, pleased with the full English breakfast Sherlock provided; they would have the traditional Christmas lunch later, with all the trimmings, with mulled wine for Sherlock and sparkling elderflower for John, but John found his appetite was much larger these days. He looked up in between mouthfuls of sausage and fried egg, quirking a thoughtful eyebrow. "Remind me, did we decide to invite Greg and Mrs Hudson and Molly and your brother round for Christmas lunch or not? I know we talked about it, and we thought it might be nice because none of them has anyone else, but it'll also be our last chance to have a Christmas completely to ourselves in a while," he yawned. "Can't remember what we settled on. Baby brain starting early." He went back to attacking his plate, shovelling beans and bacon into his mouth with gusto. He smirked when he thought that usually, someone planning to wear lingerie for their mate would worry they'd look fat; John was actively trying to increase the size of his belly, knowing how much its size pleased and aroused the Alpha.
John chuckled and kissed his forehead softly. "Enjoyed that, did you?" he asked gently, stroking his cheek. "Alright then, help me up..." He grunted and swayed as Sherlock helped him to his feet, his belly still high and firm despite its massive weight, and purred as Sherlock helped him dress in loose flannel pyjamas and a thick dressing gown, balancing with one hand on his mate's shoulders as Sherlock put his slippers on for him. When the Alpha was satisfied that the Omega was warm enough he dressed himself quickly and John smiled affectionately over his shoulder as he made his way to the living room, where they'd set up a real fir tree with lights and tinsel, a thick nine-foot Norwegian which filled the room with a pleasant pine scent. Underneath it lay the gifts they'd bought each other, wrapped neatly and tied up in bows, John's gifts to Sherlock covered in sleek silver and black damask paper. He was least sure of the only present he'd made himself; Sherlock didn't know he could knit, but he could, and very well - he'd spent three weeks knitting in secret when Sherlock was off on cases or at the lab doing experiments (when he could be persuaded that John was fine on his own) and objectively, he knew that the matching scarf and gloves he'd crafted in a cloud-soft lusciously thick gunmetal grey were well-made gifts, he wasn't sure how Sherlock, a man of Savile Row and Italian shoes, would receive home-made knitted items.
. "Mine," he panted, pleased at John's ecstasy at being taken, at his Omega's increasing vocalizations of pleasure, John's sounds growing in volume as the Alpha fucked him closer to his release. "Mine only- mine alone- mine to touch, to
Squeezing Sherlock's hand reassuringly Mycroft allowed himself to relax further, half-slumped against John's side as he drank, gazing at his little brother's peaceful expression. They suckled in tandem, their hands clasped over John's belly, as John held them close and crooned softly, and for Mycroft it felt
ready to breed me again, aren't you?" He sounded lustful and breathless; the thought of Sherlock pounding into him and knotting him (bare, like always) during his micro-heat sounded like the best thing he'd ever heard and he could hardly wait. He sensed his mate's unease, however; after the last birth when the Alpha had been unable to keep his promise of wearing a condom he didn't blame Sherlock for feeling cautious.
Sherlock grinned back, his eyes alight with lust. "I'll give you more than that," he whispered, nipping at the delicate skin of John's neck, "I'll fill you so full you'll be carrying three or four of my litters at once, moaning about your swollen belly - you'll leave this bed fit for a wheelchair again by the time I'm done with you." He snapped his hips forward, tilting John's hips upward as if to keep all his seed inside and breed him more thoroughly. "My knot's so enormous, I can easily come several more times, fill you up to your limit-"
John whined breathily, clutching the sheets, the feelings flowing through the bond calming him. "Yeah... Yeah, I'll do it for you," he whispered, trying to arch his back. "Just... Oh god, Sherlock... Yeah, fuck, like that... I need... I need it, knot me, please love, knot me... I want it... Want your fat prick wedged inside me while you flood me with your seed for the last time while I'm still pregnant... Ngh... Yes, oh!" he moaned loudly, his Alpha still fucking him hard and fast. "Knot me, I need to feel it, I need - I need to know you'll never leave me again," he whimpered, his voice tiny and meek and ashamed. He knew, really, that Sherlock would rather die than abandon him, but The Fall... it had left its mark.
Arthur grunted unhappily at first. The plump baby cracked open one sleepy eye to determine the cause of his disturbance. At the sight of his screaming brother, Arthur sighed dutifully. Quietly, slowly, and without a care for Felix's flailing fists and legs, he rolled over, flopping gently onto his brother before putting his arms around him, pulling him close, and drifting off to sleep.
"I'll give you as many babies as we can afford," John promised, knowing it was true even as the words left his mouth. "I'd love another huge litter, showing everyone how potent you are, but after these nobody will ever doubt you... if we have just one more each time we could have more pregnancies, spread out the ones we can afford over a few years... that way I'll be full of your babies even longer, I'll spend years swelling with and then birthing pup after pup for you," he groaned, relaxing pliantly to let his Alpha fuck his tight wet hole. "I'll beg you to knot me again, beg you to fill me with another baby, love the looks on everyone's faces when we keep telling them I'm pregnant again, seeing you so proud, rubbing my belly..."
John's words finally registered with Sherlock, and he glanced up at his mate before sitting back again, keeping his Omega pressed close against him as his hand cupped the spot his mate had indicated. Both Alphas laughed when John chimed in with his idea about the pram. "I'll see what I can do," Mycroft chuckled, not at all taking offense to John's obvious decision about his midsection, "But yes, baby brother, you were suggesting there was something I could do to help-?" Sherlock nodded; he wanted to provide for his family on his own, but his instincts did not mind a small interference in how he got to that point. In fact, instinct almost encouraged him on to ask for help in this matter. "John and I are looking at homes," he explained, "He is already feeling a strong urge to nest, so the sooner we find somewhere, the better. If and when we find a house, I would appreciate it if you would, ah... make certain that we really do have it, immediately. No long processes, no nonsense about other bids- the home we will choose will be one my mate absolutely wants, and I want to make sure he will get it as easily and quickly as possible."
Soon, there came a soft knock at the door, making Sherlock sit up and growl. "Not now, my sweet," came the soft voice of Beatrice from the other side of the door. The Alpha instantly relaxed as the scent of his mother reached him. "Come in." Beatrice entered gingerly, carrying a tray laden with food. The elderly Omega kept her movements slow and careful; she could scent John's labour coming on, and knew that hormones were running high. With Sherlock's permission, she gently sat herself on the end of the bed, and smiled shyly but warmly at her son-in-law, placing the tray beside him. "You'll need to eat a little something to prepare for this one, especially after such a big day yesterday," she murmured wisely, lifting the lid on a large bowl. "I've made you a special broth that Cook made for me before I had the boys. It should go down easy even when your appetite starts to wane, and it will help you keep your strength up when things really kick in. You're not long now," she said, her eyes kind as she regarded John's middle and her son's gentle attentions. With a final nod of understanding, she rose and left them to it, the door shutting soundlessly behind her.
Soon enough, the Alpha woke to the buzzing of his phone's alarm. John was still out like a light, one of the Omega's hands curled protectively over his own belly as the other rested close to his cheek. The Alpha sighed regretfully as he pulled away from his mate's warmth, carefully easing himself out of his Omega. John mewled and shifted, but slept too deeply to wake. Sherlock tugged the covers up over his mate's shoulders and tucked the blankets around John, and with one last sigh, left to ready himself and their home for the guests.
"I can't even imagine," Oliver said smoothly, helping himself to another cupcake. "I had enough trouble telling the twins apart sometimes - identical, you know - but having to learn thirteen different names and faces at once must have taken a bit of time!"
The baby blinked his eyes open just enough to look at both his parents before closing them again with a soft sigh, his lips beginning to open and close, rooting for John's nipple.
Sherlock chuckled. "There you go," he praised, grinning at the pup's little accomplishment. "Soon you won't even need a push from Mama." Just then, Arthur succeeded in tugging the Alpha's sock off. Sherlock moved to stop the baby putting it in his mouth, but soon realized he didn't have to bother; the pup had happily buried his nose in the fabric and was purring as he scented it. "That's a good b- Oh, Arthur,
The Alpha watched the Omega with lust-heavy eyes, beginning to breathe heavily. The scent of the heat, as wrong as it was, enticed his instincts; his cock strained large and heavy against his trousers.
Sherlock pressed John's head down further, encouraging him to take more without choking, groaning when John easily took in over a third of his impressive length. He increased the Omega's speed just a fraction, guiding him to move faster, but John had already set a near-perfect pace and the Alpha was incredibly close. "Christ, John, I-," he moaned, before John gyrated against him, the sensation of his mate's heavy belly and breasts sensually pressing against his skin sending him over the edge. He gave something between a gasp and a moan, coming hard in the Omega's mouth, his body shuddering as he released. His fingers were fisted loosely enough in John's hair to allow the pregnant man to come off his cock when he had swallowed all he could handle.
His belly warped visibly as the pups kicked and rolled and John begged through the bond for permission to purr, only giving in to the impulse when Sherlock gave verbal permission. Soon, under his Alpha's instructions, John had finished off the second drink too, and he huffed as he lumbered out of the bath with his mate's help. At the snap of Sherlock's fingers the servant waddled back into the bathroom, fetching them two towels from the warming rack as if they were too important even to reach for their own.
Sherlock placed a soft kiss to John's cheek, wrapping his arms around the Omega and laying him back gently onto the sheets. He wordlessly kissed his mate's lips, his jaw; trailed kisses down his neck, pressed his lips against his collarbone; nuzzled and laved over both huge breasts and licked at the rivulets of milk that had become a constant presence since the pups' birth. He spread John's thighs with his long fingers as he moved to pay his attentions to the soft swell of his mate's belly, pressing his lips to the stretchmarked skin, tracing his tongue along John's still slightly inverted naval, which had not quite managed to pop back into place. The Alpha allowed a hand to drop to his mate's entrance, teasing with one finger but soon pressing in two, then three as John's slick increased. He wandered back up his mate's body, nuzzling and kissing, until he reached John's lips again. He slowly removed his fingers and replaced them with his cock, pressing deep into his mate as he guided John's legs to wrap around him, and began to move slowly.
"Either sounds fine with me," Sherlock smiled, "and I agree about the cake, if it will agree with your stomach." He couldn't stop himself from grinning wider at the double meaning. "I'd like it to be tiered, of course, but frosted simply - nothing too ornate or complex. Perhaps white, with a cascade of orchids on one side? We'll have to choose colours for the theme, and find a suit or dress to fit you around the time we plan to hold it..."
as far as I'm concerned, and has been for a very long time, and Mummy...," he sighed and closed his eyes. "I don't want them near my family."
A deep blush spread across the Alpha's cheeks and chest, his hormones surging just at the thought. Sherlock pressed his hands to his mate's round belly, growling in pleasure as he felt John contract. His already erect cock had grown harder and larger. It throbbed between John's legs as he pressed himself against his Omega, clear fluid leaking from the tip. "I want you pregnant all the time," he groaned, "You won't get more than a few minutes' break between litters, I can assure you." He rocked his hips, making the motions of mounting his mate. "I'll take you at the first faint scent of your heat, pound into you to make it come on faster until you're an animal for me, thinking of nothing but my cock, pleading for more of my pups to make you swell out again." He could feel John's belly tighten harder, grinning at the low moan it squeezed from the Omega. His hands rubbed and caressed his mate's oblong middle, providing what little they could in the way of relief. "I'll pound into you so hard you won't be able to form words to beg for more, and when I plug you with my knot, it will be so huge you'll think you're whelping again. And I won't stop. I'll knot you over and over, even when I know you've been bred, until your womb is full with my pups and your belly swollen with my seed." He groaned when John howled at the next contraction. "These pups are far larger than the first," he purred, "And you're more lucid. You're going to be begging to get them out once you begin whelping in earnest." He felt the lowest curve of John's middle and grinned, knowing full well the other side of Omega labour. "You'll also be begging for it never to stop."
He ate the other Omega out with gusto, attempts at delicacy gradually losing ground to lust. His tongue probed deep, drawing more raw, more needy sounds from John with each circle and thrust, the other Omega's juices dripping down his chin. He worked the sensitive spot with care, paying perfect attention to what made John arch and moan, what drove him wild. Sherlock began to touch his own cock to the sight. "Work him well, but don't come like this," he growled. "I want more face-to-face when you're satisfied - more kissing, more rubbing, more arousal and sensuality. You'll both be even more needy by that time...," he smirked, then moaned softly.
big, Sherlock, you're filling me up so completely..." he rocked back onto Sherlock slowly, rhythmically. "My Alpha," he groaned, satisfied.
The Alpha could smell the Omega's heat. The scent of it curled around him, cloying, drawing him in invitingly - and yet it smelled wrong. He could feel his instinct drawing him towards Moriarty - towards an Omega in heat - but his mind screamed against the pull. He searched inside himself, seeking out the secure, solid connection that he knew was his bond with John, sending out a clear distress signal to his mate.
John purred quietly as his Alpha was praised, subconsciously rubbing his belly to encourage the new litter to grow and flourish. Adam finished nursing just as Eleanor began to squall, demanding milk, and John chuckled as he laid the eldest pup on the bed and scooped up his sister, who latched on eagerly. Beatrice watched with shining eyes as Sherlock's enormous brood wriggled and shifted, their mother constantly nursing them; she had never been more glad of her decision to leave Siger and submit to her eldest son as pack Alpha. Siger would never have allowed her to see this, would never have permitted her to stain herself by association with their former junkie son and his breeder. She gave Catherine a knowing smile as she passed Benedict to her, grateful that none of the pups had inherited Siger's sharp, cruel features.
Sherlock growled deeply in pleasure and moved carefully against his mate; his cock was dripping pre-come, allowing him to slide smoothly along the small of John's back. He grunted softly as he rutted against the Omega, but stopped as soon as he felt John's perineum slowly begin to swell outwards. The Alpha groaned, the feeling of the hot flesh pushing against him even more erotic. He pulled back, dipping his head to lave soothingly over the red, stretched skin. John's body was made to bear his litter, to push out pup after pup, and the Alpha worshiped and cared for it. He sat back and watched as John's hole bulged, more amniotic fluid leaking onto the soiled blankets. The room smelled heavily of birth. Sherlock rubbed John's side, encouraging his mate as he bore their next child.
As soon as his Alpha gave the order John began to come, screaming and convulsing with the intensity as he felt Sherlock's seed fill him. He wailed through his orgasm, the noise causing some of the pups to shift a little in their sleep, and when he was finished he was utterly breathless, panting like he'd just run a marathon and pressing his face needily into Sherlock's neck.
," he hummed with pride. "I can't wait to see their faces at the yard when I turn up in a couple of months, my belly already ripe and swollen with your brood..."
as Moriarty pulled something from his pocket. "Oops! Safety's off," he grinned, tilting his head thoughtfully to the side as he considered the gun. "Oh, John, John, John," he tisked, as the other man froze, "I thought you'd be more careful. Keeping a loaded weapon around children - there could be an accident." The criminal removed his hand from John's belly just long enough to snap his fingers, "There now," he said after a moment, "it's just you and me, Johnny - and, well, these little ones." He began to stroke John's belly as he drew closer once more, knowing his rival would not risk the consequences of throwing him off, "Don't you want to see them before you go?"
. The shower was easily large enough for both of them to stretch out comfortably, the warm water pouring over them, adding an extra layer of pleasure to their lovemaking.
Sherlock hummed happily in agreement. "Two is still a large enough bump," he corrected. They both knew that if he had his way, and John had an infinite number of eggs, that the Omega would be filled with litters of eight or more after every heat. He nuzzled John a bit more firmly, his purring growing dominantly louder, an indication for his mate to submit to his affections without returning them kiss-for-kiss. Nipping John's earlobe lightly as he toyed with the leash, he lovingly reminded the Omega who lead when his collar was on. Just because John was lucid did not mean he was exempt from the finer elements of collar etiquette.
Sherlock quickly wrangled a larger box from underneath the branches and began to open it. "Oh look," he exclaimed with a hint of authority, lifting a soft teddy bear from the tissue wrapping.
Sherlock smirked to see how well the aphrodisiac was working; he continued touching his mate, massaging his hypersensitive skin.
John hummed gently as he slid a little bit more of Sherlock's length down his throat, swallowing around him and rubbing his swollen belly against his mate's thigh.
The Omega gave a needy, keening whine and grasped the fork with shaking hands, panting as he shovelled food into his mouth, barely chewing in his haste to clear the plate. Soon he was trembling, his thighs shaking, his panting louder as he neared his limit. "Sherlock... I can't... need it... want to... want to - for you, clear... ngh - I can't... food... please," he moaned stupidly, trying to push back, but kept at the mercy of Sherlock's thrusts by the momentum of his swollen stomach. "Can't... for you, make it - not food - want... want... plate, no... I need... please!" He cried out as the Alpha's thick cock brushed his prostate again, nearly screaming in pleasure every time his mate was fully seated in him, right on the edge, tears beginning to stream from the corners of his eyes as he became ever more incoherent with need.
, John sighed through the bond, tangling his fingers in the Alpha's dark curls as his legs wobbled a little more; he felt as if he would slump against his husband at any moment, almost breathless from the intensity of their kiss.
it!" John cried petulantly, obeying nonetheless and desperately filling himself with his fingers again, hoping that would please Sherlock.
Sherlock continued to thrust, using all his willpower not to break his rhythm and remove the condom. His eyes were heavy-lidded as he suckled dark marks into his mate's neck, trying to communicate his pleasure and approval despite the thin barrier over his cock.
John whimpered and bit his lip, tears spilling from his eyes as he shied away and shook his head. He'd disappointed his Alpha, let him think he was embarrassed by what they'd done, he wasn't worthy to be touched so tenderly - but insistent fingers under his chin tilted his face up. He curled in on himself in shame as more tears ran down his face, choked and muffled keening whines escaping with them as he fought not to cry in earnest. "I'm sorry," he breathed wretchedly, utterly miserable. "I wasn't - it's not what - never embarrassed by
The woman looked up sharply, startled, but her expression softened when she saw the prams full of pups and scented the dark-haired Alpha's pregnant mate. She remembered well how protective and possessive she'd been when she'd gone out with her mate soon after having their children, and didn't blame him for his reaction to her. She dropped her eyes demurely to show she wasn't a threat, allowing him that comfort, and stepped a little further over to the other side of the path to give them more space as they passed.
John only mewled desperately, gripping the bed sheets and arching his back to encourage the servant. Before long he was moaning incoherently with each exhale, his cries barely ceasing when he breathed. The servant lapped at him without mercy, drinking in John’s own delicious taste mixed with Sherlock’s; the Alpha’s powerful scent was like nectar and the servant felt drunk on it, felt his hole softening and dilating with his want for Sherlock to breed him.
, much warmer... and wetter... than usual... it'd feel like liquid fire around your cock, holding you gently... are you sure you'd like it?" he murmured, a hint of a playful smirk behind his eyes but his face carefully nonchalant, playing innocent.
The Alpha smirked, pleased, still stroking John's softening cock gently through the fabric. He kissed John's temple gently as the Omega shivered. "Yes," he murmured, "I'd say I'm rather glad to have come out with you tonight. Such a good Omega- you enjoyed that, didn't you?" He could feel John's trousers dampening slightly under his hand as he moved his fingers back experimentally towards the Omega's hole, his mate obviously dripping wet. "Tsk, tsk," he frowned in mock-scolding, "Someone's made quite a mess of themselves. Maybe next time I should slide my hand into your trousers, take care of your pretty little hole, as well." He smiled pleasantly at their waitress as she approached, keeping an arm firmly around his pliant Omega as he arranged to pay their bill.
Sherlock passed his mate the laptop, before resting his head against John's full chest and stomach. It made for John having to rather awkwardly adjust his arm around him as he typed, but the Alpha knew his mate didn't mind
the scent read, but... He took another breath in and bit back a groan of guilt. The extra note was unmistakable:
John smiled and preened at the praise, twisting to kiss and lick his Alpha's jaw. He was entirely Omega, content to stay as his mate's mindless pet until Sherlock called him back; he felt so safe like this, collared and knotted and owned, and didn't feel the need to speak, it was enough for him to accept the praise gratefully and fawn over his mate. When the knot deflated he quickly flipped over and nuzzled against Sherlock's chest, cleaning his sweat, whimpering happily as he worked, rubbing his belly against his Alpha's groin and thighs.
John snored softly, making the Alpha smile. He had never had a better Christmas in his entire life, and it still had yet to come to a conclusion. Everything had been perfect, was perfect. Even the moments after his mother presented her gift had been cleansing, and he felt better than ever about their relationship, and his relationship with Mycroft. He purred.
Biting his lip, he failed to suppress a soft whine; he still wanted his Alpha, was still wet and open for him and had slick running down his thighs, but he didn't want his upset to coerce the detective into sex before he felt completely ready.
Sherlock growled low in his throat at the display of submissiveness, quickly fumbling with his own fly and only bothering to shove his pants and trousers lower on his thighs, his enormous cock springing out eagerly, incredibly hard and dripping with precum. He lined it up quickly with John's dripping hole and immediately drove himself in to the hilt, filling the Omega completely with his length. He thrust into the Omega roughly, pressing him back into the wall, grunting as he slammed into him, claiming him. "Mine," he snarled. He sucked dark bruises into the side of John's neck, licking away the trails of sweat that had begun to drip down his body.
If the notices are to be valid they must be publicly available, brother," Mycroft explained patiently. "I am aware you do not want them near you or your Omega. Your wishes coincide with my own, I do not want them interfering in your life further than they already have. If we had the mind-control technology capable of causing them to forget I assure you I would use it but sadly we do
John mewed softly, shivering a little; after going so long without it, the slightest touch of Sherlock's hand was bliss. Lazily pressing kisses onto every inch of his Alpha he could reach, John shifted a little to take some pressure off his still-sore hole and flopped his head dramatically onto Sherlock's shoulder.
Phone still pressed against his ear, Sherlock let out a luxurious moan as John so deliberately pressed up against him, the noise stuttering into a cry as his mate swallowed him. He hadn't heard the click of the receiver on the other end; Mycroft was either too horrified or too paralyzed with absolute envy to have hung up yet - but in all honesty, Sherlock no longer cared whether his brother was listening or not. The Alpha arched his back, John's skilled mouth and hands on his hot, heavy erection reducing his world to nothing but the pleasure emitting from his cock, and the heavily pregnant Omega sucking it. The urge to mark his incredible mate growing stronger by the second as John drew him closer to orgasm. Without warning, he felt himself begin to tip, the ecstasy crashing over him like a flood; he had just enough time to give a cry of warning before his muscles spasmed and contracted and he was spilling hard, his cock pulsing in long, thick spurts, the corners of his vision going white around him.
Sherlock didn't need to be asked; before the Omega could finish his sentence, the top was off, John's enormous breasts free and exposed, and the thong soon followed. "I want this," he reminded John firmly, his tone holding a note of authority that characterized his orders. Sherlock felt himself strongly wishing the club
Sherlock frowned for a moment, contemplating. He was still carefully piecing together the perfect collar in his mind's eye - not that it was going to be anything ornate, by far, but it was important that he choose just the right shade and texture of brown leather, just the perfect type of metal for the fittings. It had to be
When they had thoroughly scented all of the material John set to work pinning it up on the walls, draping the tartan blanket across the door, the green fabric with white sheep covering the window. It gave the room an ethereal quality, the light almost like that in a forest clearing, dappled and gold-green. They had fixed a circular rail to the ceiling in the middle of the room to enable them to drape the blankets more effectively and they ended up with something shaped a little like a big top circus tent. John directed where each different fabric should go, fussing and making sure there were no gaps anywhere. When he was satisfied he looked at Sherlock questioningly, seeking his approval, his face asking if this was an acceptable nest for the Omega to birth his pups in.
" over and over again, feeling the cock inside him swell impossibly more, the beginnings of a knot so large he wasn't sure he could take it teasing his entrance. His mate's teeth claiming him again, digging into their bondbite, coupled with the sensation of being knotted more securely than ever before, tore a desperate scream from his lips and he chanted and babbled nonsense, praises, wrapping his arms securely around Sherlock and clinging to him like he was a lifebelt. He tilted his head up to his mate, seeking a tender, slow kiss to soothe his bloodied lips, then burrowed his face into his Alpha's neck.
," he insisted, reaching out his chubby arms and kicking his legs in his eagerness to get to his father, deciding that it was high time he got his share of attention.
Sherlock hissed softly, drawing himself up higher. The temptation to hurry his Omega out of the room was enormous; though it wasn't the Anderson they knew, the Beta's light scent still held traces of his family relations, and it was enough to make the Alpha prickle. He set his hands on his mate's shoulders, well aware of what John had been trying to do by refusing him all morning, and trying to control himself to mitigate any spike in his protective instincts; the mere presence of an Anderson in the room was enough to heighten his sensitivities.
With their first litter it had been impossible to properly distinguish between the scents; with this litter there were few enough pups and hints of their triplets crept into the sweet, ripe, milky scent John gave off
Sherlock nodded, unsurprised at John's simple choices. "To be honest, I am not very fond of 'Andrew,' but as a middle name, I mind it less. Victoria would be lovely," he hummed. "As for my own suggestions: Elspeth, Ada, Sibyl, and Sophia are names I'm quite fond of. And truthfully, I do not think Audrey is an awful middle name," he added with a smile.
John mewled loudly and pushed his cheek against Sherlock's jaw, smiling as he covered himself in his Alpha's scent, purring at the praise, clenching hard around his mate's gigantic cock as he came again. He panted as they came down from their high together, nuzzling against each other. He wriggled as his Alpha withdrew, struggling to get out of the bodysuit; he was sweaty and hot, wanting nothing but cool sheets against his skin and maybe a cleansing shower. He whined at Sherlock, pawing at the straps, too Omega to be able to undress himself. He pressed closer and tried to kiss his Alpha's jaw when he took the hint and undressed him, rather hindering the process, but redeemed himself by letting Sherlock curl up against him and nurse from his naked breasts, stroking his hair as he drank his fill, nursing tenderly in the safe privacy of their suite.
..." He purred again, lapping at his mate's jaw. "Your knot feels so big inside me... love how it fills me up, how I can feel your heartbeat in it... used to dream of how this would feel, having you all hard and locked inside me... how you'd give me a belly full of pups..." His breath hitched at that and he moaned again, tightening his arms around his Alpha's shoulders. "Tell me, Sherlock," he begged, "tell me what I'm carrying for you... want to hear you say it..."
John snuggled into his Alpha, burying his face in his shoulder. "I know you wouldn't," he said in a small voice. He was quite prudish compared to Sherlock; exhibitionism had always made him uncomfortable, he was very much a behind-closed-doors kind of man, and while he was getting more comfortable playing along with Sherlock's fantasies, it would be a while before he could completely relax and indulge them. He shivered as Sherlock prepared to pull out, keening with loss as his mate withdrew his cock and his seed flooded out of him, moaning obscenely as his Alpha spread the expelled semen over his body, massaging it in until he was covered strongly in his Alpha's scent. "Ohhh, love, that's it... Fuck, cover me in it Sherlock, oh god..." he whispered hotly, watching with lust-darkened eyes as he was painted in what must have been a pint of Sherlock's come. He knew he'd be a little sticky under his clothes but it didn't matter - as long as his Alpha's scent was on him this strongly, nothing else was important. When Sherlock had finished rubbing it in, he kissed him softly. "Thank you, Sherlock," he purred quietly. "Now, I think we still have one more person to tell..."
, you didn't speak until you were nearly four years old?" John asked incredulously, still rocking Eleanor as the pup cooed and snuggled against him while he tried to eat with his free hand.
"I know you do," the Alpha rumbled, his erection now pressing insistently between John's cheeks. His eyes grew dark with possessive lust at the Omega's submission and eagerness.  "You'd have my cock in you every minute if you could, knotting you over and over again. You were made for this. Look at you now, mewling and moaning over me, desperate for me to take you again even though you just had my cock an hour ago. You're insatiable." He rocked his hips up against the Omega, encouraging him, but not yet giving him what he wanted.
John purred quietly in acknowledgement, not as warmly as he'd purred in greeting for Lestrade, but genuinely nonetheless. It was the Inspector's turn next, and he received the new tie and desktop golf with a wide grin, thanking Sherlock and John separately as Mycroft had. Mrs Hudson was equally delighted with her new dress, beaming at them. "Oh, boys, how on earth did you know my size? And this is one of my best colours!" She patted Sherlock's hand fondly, offering John a knowing smile. He returned it, aware that she would have loved to touch his belly, feel the pups move, but after that first time John knew Sherlock wouldn't allow anyone's hands on John's belly but his own (excepting doctors, of course, medical necessity was a grudging exception). "Your turn, Molly," John smiled kindly, hoping she would like the vintage enamelled compact mirror they'd bought and had her name engraved on the back. The top had a pretty art-nouveau style design with irises and crocuses, purple and white and yellow on a red-and-pink background; the cursive
. He whined uncertainly and reached for his Alpha, settling his face into his chest and lapping at him. "My Alpha... need you... put your scent on me, please, please? Such a good protector... Took such good care of me and our pups..."
The Alpha lifted the dark-haired Omega off the floor with a snarl, baring teeth as he held the grinning Moriarty mere inches from his face. "If John had not given me his express permission to kill you, I swear I would be at his side," Sherlock hissed, pressing the gun to the other man's heart, "I would allow another to take the burden - allow myself to suffer with the thought that you had not died at my hands - if John requested it." He dragged the man to the door, making sure to speak loud enough that John heard everything. "I will not even give you the satisfaction of an interesting death. I'm going to remove your filth from my nest, from my household. Once we are outside, I'll begin with what you've promised my mate, but it won't be long before I simply snap your neck. Do you understand? You will be taken out back and killed like a common animal - quickly, without creativity or ceremony. I have my wife to hurry back to, you see. My brother will find a suitable dump to dispose of your corpse."
A discreet screen suddenly flared to life on the wall, changing from the deep red of the wallpaper to a rich cream. Gold lettering appeared in elegant script:
John watched silently and proudly as his mate took the crimescene apart, purring quietly when the pups began to move. His smile vanished, however, when he felt a twinge in his womb and he couldn't help but cry out in pain, holding his belly. He felt like the breath had been knocked out of him and doubled over slightly, clutching Lestrade's arm for support since Sherlock was still over by the bodies.
John deflated a little at his mate's unenthusiastic response. "Don't have to," he offered quietly, taking the phone from Sherlock and dialling the local Chinese, a little soothed by the hand on his belly. He ordered his favourite chicken chow mein and some spring rolls, the vegetable tempura with sweet chilli sauce for Sherlock and some pork fried rice to share, and handed the phone back as he nuzzled into the crook of his mate's neck, wanting to hide his rising blush. The Alpha's hand on his belly was already making him react, his little cock twitching with interest, but Sherlock hadn't seemed particularly interested, and John didn't want him to do it out of a sense of obligation. He tugged on his mate's wrist, trying to get him to cuddle him instead. "So this cake," he tried, "what exactly does an apology cake look like?"
"You're only going to get bigger," Sherlock hummed in John's ear, fucking the Omega a little faster, turning the pump up one setting higher. "You're not even close to the majority of your growth yet. Soon enough we'll have to change bottles every few minutes when you pump just to keep up." He took John a bit harder yet, the faint sound of skin slapping against skin becoming audible, the pups wriggling intensely in excitement under his hands, John's belly quivering with their movement as it swayed. "Maybe I should just keep you here from now on, naked," he husked in John's ear, "pumps constantly running slowly on your breasts, giving you pleasure, your legs spread for me whenever I want you."
Sherlock needed another moment's blank pause to collect himself. Even after everything that happened John had still chosen to present him with this gift, to give it to him instead of holding it back or hiding it away. The Alpha swallowed and slowly put aside the braided leather, his fingers lingering on it for a moment before he turned to the other gifts.
John crooned softly into the kisses, rubbing his hands up his Alpha's back soothingly. "Yours, Sherlock... My perfect Alpha... So good to me, so protective... Nobody else could have put this many babies in me," he purred. "Shall we go and see your brother now? I rather like the idea of telling him we've bonded with your marks on my neck, my lips bruised with your kisses, still full of your come," he smirked, tilting his face up for more of Sherlock's kisses. "He'll be so jealous... Even more so in six weeks when we show him my bump and he finds out you've filled me with more than a dozen babies... Yours," he moaned weakly as Sherlock slipped out of him.
he managed breathily, rocking a little faster on Sherlock's cock, arching his spine to accentuate his round belly, his gravidity pushing forward as he rode his made.
Sherlock's cheeks blushed a deeper shade of aroused pink as he looked down at his Omega. His thumbs gently worked the hinge of John's jaw, though he well knew his mate did not need this much attention to recover. The thought of John birthing in front of an audience was enough to make the Alpha release another pulse of seed down his Omega's throat as he rocked into John's used mouth again, groaning lowly. He knew it was possible; John's belly had dropped, and the pups were pressing against him eagerly, ready to meet their father. The club Omega had recognized how close John was in an instant, and the faint scent of birth was beginning to creep into John's scent, humid and promising. It could even happen tomorrow, certainly sooner rather than later. If they just stayed long enough at the club, there was a good chance... Sherlock came in John's mouth a second time with a long, luxurious moan before deigning to answer. "Perhaps," said Sherlock, evaluating John's heavy body with a lustful gaze, "It would be exquisite, wouldn't it? And he'll be much more mobile with three than thirteen. He could put on quite a show." The Alpha bit his lip, temptation curling invitingly around his heart, but... "It will ultimately be his own decision," he finally acknowledged, "I have a feeling he would rather birth in the privacy of our own home, in the presence of our pack at the very most. But I would not object if he wished me to rent a suite here. I'm sure we'd have a full house." His leg rubbed against the doctor's straining middle, subtly giving the pups the attention they needed.
John keened and writhed, clenching around his Alpha, working his internal muscles as if he was trying to force his mate's cock out of his slick hole.
John blushed a little at the gasp and the look of pure shock on their landlady's face as she spluttered and tried to ask questions, her voice only audible by dogs and bats. "
An hour later John had found six strong possibilities. He nudged his laptop over to Sherlock shyly, seeking his approval. Each was large; three had seven bedrooms, two had eight, and one had nine. His taste in building style was obvious, since each was similar; red or yellow brick, large windows, Georgian and Victorian, with pale grey or blue slate tiled roofs. Most of them were in St John's Wood or Hampstead Heath, far enough out to be within reach and still have a reasonable garden.
Sherlock managed a small smile, "Yes. That's my Omega," he murmured. Offering his hands to his mate, he pulled John onto the sofa with him, adjusting their positions so the Omega was underneath him, the Alpha straddling his legs. "Mine, he breathed, running his hands along John's body, kissing along his jaw and up to his lips, where he nipped and suckled enough to make the soft flesh tender and sore. Slowly, he began to cant his hips, rubbing his cock against his mate's groin and belly.
Johnny say when he hears you saying I was right?" he giggled, biting his lip, pliantly letting Donovan lead him to the police van.
John purred softly and kissed Blake's forehead as the baby settled against him, clinging to his jumper and cooing.
Sherlock kept his partner at a small distance, not allowing too much contact just yet. He had a thorough idea of what he wanted, of
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. "You can," he said, his tone dangerously calm and even, "Go back to the kitchens and find us a new waiter, one that is able to keep his eyes to himself and off
" His eyes fluttered shut as Sherlock continued to cover him in kisses, gradually weakening under the needy, passionate onslaught of his mate's attentions. "You really want it, don't you?" he murmured in wonder, a hint of flirtation in his voice. "You want to fuck me right here, force that huge Alpha cock deep into my wet little hole and pound me until I scream your name..." John's breath caught in his throat at the idea. "I won't be able to walk right for
He stood next to the bed awkwardly, not feeling like he belonged there. Felix caught sight of him and reached out in an instant with grabby, eager hands. The pup gave a distressed whine, screwing up his little face. Sherlock needed nothing more to break. He immediately dropped down onto the mattress with them all, gathering the little boy to him.
"Perfect," he breathed lasciviously. Gripping the headboard to steady himself, he rubbed teasingly against his Alpha's prick. "Now you can fill me... from both ends." Without further ado he positioned himself over Sherlock's engorged cock and lowered himself onto it in one smooth movement, birthing slick still dripping out of him, and grinned playfully. "Cake, please, Alpha?" he breathed, begging prettily, "want cake please... feed me?"
Ten minutes later, Sherlock's arm was expertly dressed in a crisp white bandage. John had been forced to resort to placing Sherlock's other hand on his belly, challenging him to deduce the movements of their pups, to keep him still and occupied, but it was done. He put the kit away and looked at his mate fondly. "Are you alright now, my darling?" he purred submissively, the touches to his belly pushing him towards his instinctive state again, and his instincts were writhing in glee at having taken care of his mate.
"We don't have to go now, if it's too much," he murmured aloud, nuzzling John before pulling back just a little and searching the Omega's eyes, "We can take it slowly, work in stages, give you time to adjust..."
The second his mate's enormous cock slammed home, John screamed in bliss, his vision going white from the intensity of it all. His breath hitched as his body jerked with each powerful thrust and it was all he could do to wrap his arms around Sherlock's shoulders and cling to him, throwing his head back to expose his throat as he let go loud moans and keens of pleasure, barely able to breathe between them; the Alpha's cock, enlarged after the birth to reflect the proof of his virility that a healthy litter provided, was rubbing mercilessly against his prostate and John couldn't help but whimper between his breathy little cries, being pushed towards the brink again so fast. Desperately, he tried not to come, wanting to be a good Omega, wanting only to be a sexual plaything for his Alpha, simply a pliant hole for his mate to use and fuck, and that meant Sherlock coming first, and John only coming when Sherlock gave him permission.
The Alpha placed a soft kiss on his mate's cheek, wrapping one arm around John to cuddle him close, stroking the Omega's stuffed belly with the other.
Sherlock's eyes were only for his mate. His gaze traced John's every curve slowly, as a collector would admire a finely cut diamond. The Alpha absently tapped two fingers on the polished wood of the side table, indicating the Beta should set down the glass.
Sherlock purred and stretched when John's thumb brushed his sweet spot, arching his back luxuriously, his entire body saying
Just then, Beatrice arrived with the triplets in tow. All of them made a beeline for their mother and John chuckled as he found himself with a lap full of restless two-year-olds. "Mama! Want milk please," Jasper whined, visibly upset; John knew all of the pups worshipped their father, and we're all terrified of losing him. He made quick work of his shirt and soon he was nursing both Jasper and Percival; Miranda threw herself at John's leg for a quick hug, then at Greg's, before diving into the nest and joining the swarm of pups nuzzling their sire.
John crawled back onto the bed, tugging his favourite silver fur throw over the top of them as Sherlock burrowed into him, seeking warmth. He carded a hand through the Alpha's curls, stroking his thumb over the sweet spot behind the Alpha's ear. "My precious Sherlock," he smiled, kissing his mate's forehead. "Do you want some milk, my darling?"
"Stand still!" the small woman ordered pertly, pulling his tie from a hanger. He regarded her frostily as she stood on her toes, flinging the accessory around the Alpha's neck in one swift, expert motion. The next moment Sherlock was spluttering helplessly as the knot was tied and pulled tightly to his throat.
Despite his Omega's half-hearted protests, Sherlock offered John another pie. With a mischievous smile, he snuck a preview of their evening through the bond: John collared and panting, his leash tied securely to the headboard as Sherlock mounted him with a growl.
adores me, not just our pups. And if he wants you so much, why didn't he take you at the pool? He could have bred you, you were gagging for it, but he
Sherlock hesitated for a moment longer, propping himself up with one arm while he traced his Omega's jaw gently, sadly. John simply gave a warm, sympathetic smile in return; everything about his Omega's sun-dappled body encouraged the Alpha to take him, and so he did. He forced himself to look into his mate's soft eyes as he pushed in with an apologetic whimper, the rosy blush over his cheekbones deepening. John took him in eagerly, tight and warm and inviting, his walls closing around Sherlock's cock with perfect pressure. The Alpha carefully lowered himself until his body was flush with his mate's, warm skin sliding against warm skin, John's belly pressing hard against his middle, causing Sherlock to have to arch his back slightly to accommodate the swell - his hands stayed far away from the bulge, however, holding safely to his Omega's shoulders instead. Pink tongue laving softly over John's scent gland to the sounds of their laboured breathing, the Alpha stayed still inside his mate for a long moment, until John began to gently cant his hips, and he began to rock with him.
He gave a hum of approval as John's breasts began to swell gently, hardly drained despite having nursed their entire pack at length.
," he added without thinking, using the old childhood nickname he'd given Sherlock not long after he started crawling. "It's alright. I beat him. He will never touch you again. You are mine now, not his.
and I require neither your congratulations nor your money." He pulled John behind him again, shielding him with his body.
Not nearly as heavy as a slave collar, but not as slender as those collars presented to the other Omegas of the pack, its weight was meant to be felt around the neck, a constant reminder of the presenting Alpha's claim.
. He'd put up with it, very occasionally, for Mrs Hudson, and probably Lestrade, but he decided that was it. Nobody else got to touch his bump.
Beatrice shyly retrieved her gift and nudged it towards her youngest son, boldly reaching out to pet his curls and even daring to give his forehead an affectionate peck before retreating. She had often wished, when her babies were young, that she had been allowed a camera to document their growth, but Siger had insisted on awful, formal pack portraits; instead she had used her talent for drawing to create beautiful portraits of her children, relaxed and casual, reading a book or playing in the garden or sleeping in an armchair. When Mycroft had sent his people to remove her things from Holmes Manor she had ensured they had instructions to rescue the two leather-bound folders hidden behind a bookcase in the study and they had not disappointed. She waited, almost holding her breath, hoping that Sherlock would like the folder of portraits of him she had drawn in secret over the years, every line and smudge and curve showing how much she loved her son, wanted to think of him and capture his childish charm.
"Good boy," Mycroft breathed, dropping his head to scent and nuzzle across Sherlock's chest, shoving his nose against his scent gland. He smiled, pleased, and pressed a loving but forceful kiss to his brother's lips. "Good boy. Come now, why don't we finish exchanging gifts and then we can dine," he murmured as he rose from the floor and began to redress.
The pups burbled and flailed as they sensed their sire's return and John watched, his heart aching with love, as Sherlock carefully brought their babies into the room. As each pup saw the bright lights and the pretty colours, heard the gentle music, scented their mother nearby, their little faces lit up with joy and they squealed excitedly, waving their arms in enthusiasm. Slowly John accumulated a pile of warm, cuddly babies in his lap and sprawled out next to his thigh, until finally Sherlock carried the last remaining pup into the room and Adam shrieked in glee, kicking his legs. John purred quietly, almost absent-mindedly, as he stroked and cuddled their children, looking at his mate with a beatific smile.
John whimpered in reply, the scent of the cooling takeaway food suddenly becoming irresistible. He bounced more fervently on Sherlock's cock, desperate, getting closer and closer to orgasm. "T-two weeks should be enough to let you see the swell... I'll look five and a half months gone... Three weeks, I'll look six months pregnant... I... I don’t care anymore if I can barely walk down the aisle, I'll waddle clutching my best man for support if that's what you want, oh fuck, Sherlock... rub my belly, feel your pups making me swell..." he gasped, knowing he wouldn't last much longer, thrilled by the idea of Sherlock forcing him to grow and swell even faster. "We won't be able to hide it anymore if you command me to swell for you... everyone will know in just a few days..." he gasped and cried out breathily, rapidly approaching his climax, bouncing faster. "Oh god Sherlock, I fucking love having your enormous cock in me! Oh.." he inhaled a sharp breath as he realised something. "I wasn't thinking straight before... I was thinking about what happens when an Alpha commands his Omega to swell with one baby... with multiples, it's different, because they're smaller than single newborns... when commanded to swell, the Omega is still pregnant for nine months because the multiples simply grow to the size of a single newborn instead of staying smaller to avoid fighting for space... fuck, I don't know if I can fit thirteen full-size babies in me..." he panted, coming across Sherlock's stomach with a scream, grinding himself down onto Sherlock's cock as far as possible.
"Mmmm, I like those... Eleanor. Evie?" he purred, feeling Sherlock's shiver and responding. "I'm going to get so
When he was satisfied his pups were comfortable, he moved back to his mate, leaning over their sons carefully to give John a gentle kiss. He smiled down on both the babies, who suckled happily at John's dusky nipples. The sight pleased him and he cozied up to the Omega's side to watch, resting his head on John's shoulder. The Alpha purred steadily, every now and then his tongue emerging to lick the Omega's skin affectionately. Soon enough, Alistair was finished, but Miles had begun to stir. The Alpha looked to his mate as he lay down their ninth-born and picked up their second. The tenth baby would be coming soon, but there was now another pup to be nursed.
John leaned into the touch and smiled back. "I wouldn't have accepted them if I hadn't thought we could do it," he breathed softly. "We do need to discuss amniocentesis, though... with this many, at my age, I think we need to know as far in advance as possible if any of them have any... medical conditions that will require special care. It's a possibility... but the test increases the risk of miscarriage by something like two per cent. It's still very unlikely, but it's a factor to take into account. What do you think?" He bit his lip nervously, knowing how Sherlock usually reacted when anything threatened his pups. But the doctor in him wanted answers; at 40 there was an increased risk of chromosomal abnormalities in any pups he had, and with thirteen he was anxious to know they were all perfect.
chose this. He was unstable and he interfered in our lives for long enough - let's forget him?" He stroked his husband's cheek, the cool metal of his wedding ring rubbing lightly across the Alpha's pale skin. "I wonder... Are you feeling
Sherlock groaned loudly, cupping John's other breast in his hand and circling the nipple with his thumb as he suckled, "We'll have to make sure you aren't leaking through your suit during the wedding," he murmured, "Or perhaps you should be, so everyone can see what I've done to you, how much you're producing so early that it can't help but leak out of you. You'll be so full that night, John. You'll hardly have been able to pump all day with all the attention we'll be getting; you'll be begging for my mouth on you by the time we're done." He continued to suckle and lap between pauses, humming around his Omega's swollen nipple, loving John's hand on the back of his head, encouraging him. "I'll fill you full to bursting with my pups, my Omega. You love this so much, your body won't be able to help but drop so many eggs for me, and I'll make every single one of them attach each time. I'll make sure you always have an enormous litter in you."
"Just like this," Sherlock grunted, grinding his hips upward and growling in satisfaction as the sensation made John cry out. The sight of the Omega's face drawn in pleasure, his lips parted as he panted open-mouthed into the air, sent another surge of pre-cum flowing from the Alpha's cock. The friction of the thong's fabric was becoming lost as it dampened with the fluid, the slickness between the couple's hips increasing with each passing minute. Sherlock let his legs fall open wider, John sitting more heavily on his pelvis, allowing the Omega to do most of the work in pleasuring them both. "You've already- ah- had my cock twice today," he teased, panting. "But I've made you so needy, haven't I? Such a little slut for me." The finger that had been circling John's wet entrance pressed inside just a fraction. "Later I'll have you underneath me, I'll fuck the gigantic belly I've given you until I'm satisfied, thrust my cock against it while you whimper and whine for more, mewl about how enormous I've made you." He cupped and rubbed the gravid mound greedily. "Right now I love you just like this, wanton and leaking for me, only a few degrees of self-control away from giving over to rutting yourself against my enormous cock."
about the boredom. Lestrade will ensure I'm sufficiently entertained, I'm sure." He brushed away the tears from John's eyes, pressing their foreheads together once again. "Listen to me, John - it is not caring for you that concerns me. I will gladly feed you, clean you, milk you, turn you to keep you from bedsores, fuck you until my cock is sore if that's what you need. You are my mate, carrying my pups." He kissed him softly, "But living months without
don't have to do this - your instinct will do it for you. There is nothing for you to do now but wait with me, please, for the last time we have just each other before our pups are born. Be calm, my Omega," he purred as the babies began to kick more in response to their mother's panic, "Trust your body and your instinct. Please, will you do this for me?"
"What - oh, yes. Definitely concussed... If you'll excuse me I need to go and... consult a colleague," the doctor managed, fleeing the room.
"I have explained perfectly clearly why we cannot allow you to make any changes to the event without the express consent of the bride and groom, irrespective of your relation to them, and that is the end of the matter! Now I suggest you leave before I call security!" There was a tense pause, the scraping of a chair as someone snarled and stood abruptly. A low voice reached them through the door, deep and cold. "Come," it demanded, as if to a dog. The door banged open and John felt his mate hiss and pull him behind himself, placing the Alpha between John and the man standing in the doorway.
he read, running through the entry once, then twice - and then a third time, just to be certain he hadn't missed anything, storing the information easily in his mind palace. "Oh," he murmured quietly. An embarrassed blush rose on his cheeks as he realized that he had indeed, overreacted.
"I'm bloody glad there's not much longer to go," he panted, gingerly climbing down the last step, "I mean don't get me wrong I love being pregnant but close to the end it gets a bit... uncomfortable. Can't even sit with my knees together because of this big belly full of your pups." John hid his smirk from his mate; he knew exactly what he was doing, and it was deliberate. He wanted to rile up Sherlock's Alpha side, knowing that it would be even more intense when they got to the club if the detective's Alpha side was already fighting to emerge.
Sherlock grinned smugly, already nearly preening at his Omega's infatuation and attention. He glanced around the room, his gaze first falling on their previous waiter. He thought better about voicing his deductions to his partner, however; Guy was a Beta with a rather problematic Omega fetish - which had led him into several scrapes within the past month, Sherlock noted, from the light bruises mostly hidden under the collar of his shirt. It wouldn't do for John to know the man who had eyed him up also spent most of his free time watching Omega pornography. He quickly shifted his gaze to another table across the room instead. "Beta couple, or at least, they appear to be," he said, "The woman is an Omega using scent maskers. He still hasn't figured it out, even though she takes a trip for "work" once a month, at the exact same time each month - she stays in town, at cheap motels, and spends her heats alone. They've just moved in together. Two small dogs, two ginger cats - too much for the small flat they now have; it's crowded. He's a banker at a small, rapidly failing bank - slept less than three nights over the past week. She's a secretary for an executive of a profitable company - significantly more well off, pays the majority of their rent, and is obviously taking
John soothed, smiling at how compliant the usually difficult Alpha was being. Making good on his promise, he held Sherlock close as his mate slept, nuzzling him and purring occasionally to reassure him. His scent reverted to normal little by little, and the pups slept on in a happy haze, fidgeting occasionally in their dreams.
He tilted his head, inviting his Alpha to scent him, to inhale deeply against his neck and see for himself the contentment he was sure would be obvious to the Alpha's keen nose. The pups lay happily on the bed, all of them pressed close to John's legs, their tiny onesies turning the bed into a warping, moving rainbow.
even think that. You've got nothing to be sorry for, my darling boy, it was that awful man that made you feel that way. Look at you now, hmm? You've got thirteen beautiful babies, a happy mate, and three more pups on the way. You couldn't have any of that if you weren't worthy of it, could you darling?" She pressed another soft kiss to Sherlock's curls. "I have never been disappointed in you," she murmured honestly, "I've only ever loved you and hoped you'd be happy. I'm sorry I couldn't do more to protect you. You never deserved the way
him to breed me. The bump is so big because Sherlock... aah!" He screamed and lashed out as Anderson lunged for him, trying to pull him out of Sherlock's lap. He landed a decent blow to his stomach and instantly rolled off Sherlock's lap to stand behind his mate, growling angrily and holding his bump protectively.
"Then let me give it to you," Sherlock rumbled, "I'm pumping you as full as you can take. You'll be far bigger than you were with the last by the time I give you these new ones, laid out in our nest for months-" He grunted and shuddered as he pistoned forward and another orgasm took him. "Can you feel it? By the time I'm done with you, you won't be able to leave our bed. You're going to be enormous again, an animal succumbed to instinct, your world reduced to pleasure and need and carrying my young." The Alpha felt he had one more climax in him, though the volume of his seed was pressing against his cock with each thrust, threatening to begin leaking around the fat knot secured inside his Omega.
Sherlock smiled fondly down at his mate, touched by John's consideration. "I would..," he agreed quietly. For all his fantasies, the Alpha felt it was an honour to be allowed to collar John, his wife and the mother of his children. He wrapped his arms tightly around his mate and breathed in his scent. "I can have Mycroft send over as soon as you wish. You might like to think about what colour leather you prefer, which metals, and of course, what you might want on the tag....," he rambled, still a bit in disbelief that John was ready and willing to do this, "Or I could surprise you, if you prefer." It was traditional for the Alpha to choose their Omega's collar based on their own tastes, without any choice on the part of the submissive partner, but Sherlock wished for John to feel as comfortable as possible; to be collared was a huge step, and although they were never ones to follow tradition, they could not completely deny the connotations that came with it.
Sherlock hummed, his long fingers circling the bulges where his offspring pressed towards him. His mate was perfect, and their pups were strong and healthy. Kissing along John's neck, Sherlock let his nose linger over the dark, purple-hued bite once more. A sweet ripeness had blanketed the usual scent of John's pregnancy. The detective inhaled again, a deeper growl vibrating in his throat. "Mine," he whispered. The scent compelled him to bring his mate somewhere safe to whelp, and as his knot began to fade, his thoughts turned to their home.
Sherlock placed a kiss to one of John's breasts, gently nuzzling the soft mound before latching on. Once again, warm milk flooded his mouth, and he hummed, placing a hand on John's belly and feeling their numerous pups wriggling there. He could feel John's certainty through their bond. The Alpha suckled gently, feeling at peace, warm and safe, curled up against his mate. When he had drained the second breast, he leaned upward to kiss his mate. "Thank you," he murmured, sending love strongly through their bond.
"I missed you too, darling," Beatrice soothed, "and I love you too, so very much." She kept her arms around him, glad to have him back in her lap and cuddled close, wanting to give him all the comfort he needed.
Sherlock merely inclined his head in understanding. The Beta smoothly pulled a small, ornate brass key and chain from her pocket, and inserted it into the keyhole. There was a small click, and she swung the door inward to reveal the most elegant set of rooms Sherlock had laid eyes on.
Sherlock grunted and panted as he undulated his hips, ploughing hard into the Omega, but not yet hard enough to knot. John's swelling, his massive size, had sent the Alpha into a near-frenzy; he needed to take his mate, to be inside him like this, to show him how powerful of an Alpha he was and how much his Omega belonged to him. "This is just the beginning - you'll nearly fill out the entire bed with the massive brood I've stuffed into you by the time my pups are ready to be birthed. You're going to become such a slut for me, lying on your side all day, trapped by your enormous belly, unable to reach your own cock but slick and open and
Soon all of the pups save Eleanor and Alistair were engaged in a splashing match, squealing and laughing noisily as they smacked and churned the water around them. John crooned softly to the still-wriggling baby cradled against his chest, calming her gently, and soon she was burbling happily and squirming to be let down so she could join in the fun. He kissed her forehead tenderly and sat her back in her back, smiling as she immediately began bashing the water with gusto. Alistair began to fuss as well, not wanting to be left out of the waterfight; he pushed against Sherlock's chest, humming in determination as he tried to communicate to his sire that he wanted to be put back in his tub.
"You won't be doing this consciously - in a few hours, when things truly begin to happen, you will slip back into your Omega.
The Omega stroked his mate's cheek tenderly, encouraging him to suckle a little more deeply and quickly.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, stroking his back as he suckled. "I wanted to show them because I'm so proud of you... I want to rub their faces in it for ever doubting you. I want them all to know how special you are, love," he whispered softly. "I want everyone to know how completely I'm yours, carrying your pups, ripe with your babies, the litter of thirteen you gave me." He paused, crooning softly, making comforting noises in his throat as his Alpha emptied one breast and began to suckle at the other, drawing his milk from him with long, slow pulls. "I looked it up, you know. The largest known litter... until now... was ten pups," he breathed, cupping the back of his Alpha's head. "This litter you've put in me will be the largest number of pups to come from one pregnancy... ever. I want
His face reflected his desperation; he looked utterly wrecked, flushed and panting, his balls drawn up tight against his body, eyes screwed shut in concentration. He was moaning open-mouthed into his mate's neck as he moved his hand over his cock, only needing to move a couple of inches up or down to cover all of it, and knew he couldn't last much longer. He lapped at Sherlock's scent gland, whimpering submissively, begging to be used.
Half an hour later they were in a cab on their way to Scotland Yard, John eager to see the looks on everyone's faces when they scented the new bond, trying not to stroke his belly absent-mindedly. Sherlock looked over at his mate, smiling as he watched the continuing cycle of John's hand traveling to his belly, only to abruptly pull away as the Omega realized his behaviour. He draped an arm over John's shoulder, pulling his mate to lean against him. "It's alright," he said, "Let your hands rest on your belly. Just make sure it doesn't happen in front of the Yarders, or we'll give ourselves away."
The Christmas pudding was placed on the table to general applause from the adults and wide-eyed looks from the pups, the blue flames flickering as the scent of brandy and baking filled the air. Mycroft shifted Benedict carefully to the crook of one arm and stood to cut it, keeping the knife well away from the babies. "Now, who wants cake?" he asked, scanning the table, glancing at each of his pack members in turn; "Cake", "Cake", "Just ice cream for me, thanks", "Cake", "Dada", "Cake" -
"They won't come early, love. Not this early, anyway, I'm only six weeks along and the pups are at nine weeks growth... I've got another twenty-five weeks at least. Braxton Hicks aren't a sign of labour, my Alpha, they're just... annoying," he grunted, the little contraction passing. "Come on, help me up... can't do it on my own anymore," he smiled playfully, groaning as Sherlock pulled him to his feet. "Now how about that trip to the morgue?" he smiled, pressing his belly closer to Sherlock, letting him scent him to prove he wasn't in labour.
The registrar smiled and turned to Sherlock. "And now, as is traditional, the Alpha will go first, and make his vows to his Omega. Please repeat after me. I, Sherlock Alexander Holmes, take you, John Hamish Watson, to be my lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold, in sickness and in health, for richer and for poorer, to love and cherish, from this day forward, until death do us part."
full, my Omega," the Alpha murmured between pulls. He hadn't yet gotten through one breast and his belly was already feeling pleasantly full; they'd need to use the pumps to finish John off, or waste it. He switched to the other breast before the first was drained, just to give the second breast the relief of his mouth.
Sherlock stilled his hand on John's belly, cupping the gravid mound, keeping John close against him, controlling the speed of his thrusts just enough to keep the Omega at the edge. He growled and nipped playfully at John's neck when his mate whined needily. The Alpha moved his touch down farther, splaying his fingers over John's groin, the Omega's hard cock bobbing obscenely between his long fingers without the relief of his touch. He began to move just a little faster, building slowly to both their climaxes, suckling seductively at John's scent gland as the Omega groaned in desperation.
"Yeah, that's it, you're always a good boy for me, aren't you? Such a good boy," John crooned, allowing Sherlock to rub his belly and breasts until they were covered. "That's it, that's my good boy," he praised softly, stroking Sherlock's hair. "Shift over then, let me sit up against the head of the bed and then you can have your reward."
Sherlock kissed John softly, his hands roaming the curve of the swell just below the Omega's navel. "More than anything," the Alpha rumbled, resting his head against his mate's shoulder. In his post-orgasmic haze, he allowed his gaze to wander contentedly over John's gravid form. The Omega's panties had fallen to his knees, and he toed them off for his mate - and after another moment of consideration, he briefly stopped his other ministrations to undo the clasp at the front of John's top, and allowed his mate to wriggle out of the racy green garment. The Alpha's fingers traced the roundness of John's pert breasts, and trailed over the Omega's rosy nipples before coming to rest on his belly again. "You're perfect," he purred in his mate's ear, nipping playfully at the lobe, "Putting yourself on display for me, wearing exactly what you knew I'd like... You're perfect this way, too, naked and exposed to me, your gorgeous belly out - just like it should be." Still knotted, he continued to rub John's heavy middle. "My pups are so active inside of you, so healthy and eager to grow... Just imagine what they'll do to you when they start getting even bigger... Your belly will never be still, you'll have your hands on it constantly, just trying to calm my enormous litter down." He licked along the shell of John's ear. "You'll be completely preoccupied with caring for my pups inside you, completely Omega, whining and crooning at your belly day and night, wholly lost to your instincts…"
The babies continued to wake one by one, squalling and squirming for attention, until they were all being cradled and fed by one of the pack. John finished nursing Adam and Imogen and laid them gently on the bed, retrieving Arthur and Eleanor and smiling as they latched on happily, suckling in tandem. Enora and Felix roused just as John returned to the bed, but Remington quickly laid the sated Benedict on the bed next to him and fetched them, crooning happily to them as they snuggled closer to his warmth and sucked eagerly on the bottles he gave them. Gradually, the babies settled, blinking up at their pack members and gurgling at each other, comforted by the scent of the nest. It would be several weeks before they would leave it at all; it had everything they needed, since their father had insisted on filling it with as many mentally beneficial toys as possible. The bee mobiles over each crib lit up in soft colours and rotated, playing a quiet lullaby, which so far had definitely helped the pups drift off. Mrs Hudson returned Miles to his parents and returned to bed with a wave and a yawn, her duty done; Catherine soon followed suit, as did a rather reluctant Remington.
"Perhaps," Sherlock purred, but something stirred in his heart at John's distress - he wanted all those things with John, he always had- but he had been so sure John didn't want them. Now he didn't know what John wanted, but it didn't matter. John had asked for it, starting things by rubbing his scent everywhere, and Sherlock was well intent on finishing the mess the Omega had begun.
. In no time, the three were filing into the room, the women smiling shyly as they retrieved the sated pups, Beatrice handing off several to Mrs Hudson at the door before coming back for more. Remington purred lowly as he gathered up the two Omega boys and strode out to join the pack.
John hummed in satisfaction as Sherlock entered him again, the slight frown disappearing from his face. In his dream-state he knew he was pleasing his Alpha and moaned happily, a purely Omega sound, a note of distress entering it as Sherlock teased his full breasts. He felt a mouth on him which his sleeping brain interpreted as a child trying unsuccessfully to latch on; he cupped the curly head lovingly, murmuring encouragements, crooning softly, pulling gently to try and get it in the correct position, whining needily as his milk began to leak, triggered by the tentative suckling. He opened his legs a little wider to give his Alpha better access, rocking his hips to encourage him to thrust faster, wanting to be taken and claimed and filled with his seed again. He whimpered as his milk flowed in earnest, coaxed out of him by Sherlock's teasing mouth. If he'd been carrying fewer pups, or hadn't been drained of energy sending such strong love through the bond, he'd have been awake by now; as it was, he remained immersed in sleep, carding his fingers through Sherlock's dark curls, mumbling to him tenderly even as he moaned and writhed on his cock, the double sensations soon pushing him into his first orgasm. He keened and arched as his come spilled out between them, panting, instantly ready for a second round, the benefit of being an Omega.
John moaned wantonly as he felt Sherlock's come fill him up, the sensation extending his orgasm as he rocked desperately on his mate. When they were both spent he panted lightly, cradling his Alpha's head as he nursed, crooning gently as his milk was drained. When he was empty he dipped his head, cleaning his Alpha's face gently with his tongue, lapping up his own milk. The scent of sex and gravidity was thick in the air, Sherlock's claim incredibly obvious on John even as fresh semen leaked out of the Omega's abused hole. John slowly lifted himself off his mate, lying beside him, curled into his side, his round belly resting on his mate, his lips still red and swollen from the rough claiming, bitemarks blooming across his neck and chest, stained with milk and seed, utterly debauched. He rubbed his bump proudly at the thought that the strong Alpha who'd done all of that to him had fucked so many pups into him. "When you let me up, I think I'll run a bath," he mumbled quietly, feeling a little worse for wear after Sherlock's almost brutal reclaiming, not complaining because it was exactly what he had wanted and needed. "Mrs Hudson won't be pleased if we leave all this mess here either," he chuckled, gesturing to the mix of cream and come painting the sofa. He didn't even want to think about the bed.
the exhibitionist in this relationship, or don't you remember? Your dress hides the true size of your breasts well. If I'd have had my way, you'd be much more exposed; they'd all know just by looking at you how you're straining, nearly leaking with milk just for me."
John watched fascinated as Sherlock took samples and glued himself to the microscope, muttering under his breath about signs of freezing in the older body and healed defensive wounds on the fresh one. He smiled fondly as Sherlock muttered crossly about the lack of any trace evidence at all on the scarves - no sweat or hair or saliva as you'd expect from being worn at a football ground. He sat contentedly in the chair Sherlock had brought for him, rubbing his belly, just being a quiet and comforting presence until Sherlock announced that he had enough evidence and summoned a cab to take them home. He sat pliantly beside his mate, letting the Alpha cup and rub his bump, but tugged when Sherlock tried to sweep him into the nest, resisting. "I want to show you something first," he said softly, fetching an old medical textbook to show him the entry on Braxton Hicks.
John was panting heavily, whining with every exhale, leaning his head back to rest it on Sherlock's shoulder, comforted by the rocking movements. Gradually he calmed, his hitching little sobs from over stimulation and the pain in his stuffed stomach lessening as his Alpha held him. It took a full ten minutes for him to quiet completely, his voice small and weak. "Bath... Please," he croaked, sweaty and leaking where Sherlock's come was beginning to trickle back out of his hole. "Please... Need you to help me. Can't do it on my own, too big to climb in to the bath... God, so full..." he remained boneless on top of his Alpha for a few more minutes, until Sherlock hushed him gently and eased him to his feet, pulling out and leading him by the hand to the bathroom. He sat on the closed lid of the toilet as Sherlock ran a bath, murmuring soothing praises, and leaned on him heavily as he climbed in, sitting in a daze as he waited for Sherlock to wash him, too spaced out to do it himself.
The three Omegas gasped nearly in unison. They stared at the collars for a long moment, cautious and almost disbelieving. Catherine was the first to reach out tentatively, nearly holding her breath when her fingers closed around the beautiful collar. She lifted it from the box with reverence and turned it over slowly in her hands, savouring its feel, the smallness of its weight - light, but still enough to remind the wearer of its presence. Beatrice had begun to do the same; the elderly Omega was silent at first, her breathing shallow with emotion, but soon, she was trilling and cooing softly, rubbing her face against the material. Her eyes sparkled as she felt its texture, saw her name embossed in beautiful script along the inside. And the
John smiled amiably at him. "I don't think he could handle an Alpha at the moment," he said honestly. "I think he needs a bit of freedom first, time to find out who he is and what he wants out of life. He's been cooped up and isolated for so long, he should live a little before he settles down... Maybe we could find him a Beta, let him test the water. I'll chat with him tomorrow," he murmured, nuzzling his mate's shoulder. They cuddled with the pups a few more minutes, making sure each one got an equal share of their attention, before placing them back in their cots. John sidled up to Sherlock when the Alpha returned to the bed, wrapping himself around his mate like a blanket. "Welcome to the madhouse," he smiled, nuzzling his cheek.
Firmly ignoring his own arousal in favour of comforting and soothing his mate, John gently manoeuvred his Alpha to the side and positioned himself carefully, propped up against the pillows. "Come here then, sweetheart," he purred, smiling as Sherlock crawled into his lap and curled around him like a pup. "Which one does my darling want first?" John asked, offering his mate his exposed breasts.
Viola was gazing impatiently around the table, watching with a pout as the adults started into their dessert. In her fuzzy, five-month-old reasoning, it appeared that everyone who had asked got a part of the new toy that had been brought out to the table. The pup screwed up her face, concentrating very hard. "Cayyyyy....," she tried experimentally, trying to make the same sound as the others, "Cayyyyyyyy...." But nobody was paying attention yet. Viola grunted in frustration. She flailed, then mewled, then tried again. "Cay.. Cay.. Cay...ke..."
Oliver cooed in sympathy, well imagining the agony Sherlock must have gone through to try and hold back from claiming an Omega he wanted so desperately. John chose that moment to re-appear, carefully carrying a plate of finger sandwiches as he waddled back to his seat. He handed the plate to Sherlock and allowed his Alpha to help him ease back into his chair; he looked ready to birth a full-term baby, and moving was growing harder. He gave Sherlock's hand a grateful squeeze and offered the plate to their guests.
"That's my lovely Sherlock," John hummed. He stroked his mate's back in slow, soothing circles. "My good boy, drinking up his milk. Suckling so well, aren't you? My sweet, clever boy. So good for me." John let his eyes drift closed, the feeling of Sherlock's wet mouth nursing on his nipple making him relaxed and calm. "Is that nice, love? Is my good boy enjoying his milk?"
When John announced he needed to leave to tend to the pups, however, everything nearly fell to pieces.
, he managed to communicate, somehow finding the words even as he felt the urge to claim John again rising,
Sherlock smirked proudly, drawing John's leash closer and placing an arm around his mate's ample waist. "We did," he purred, confirming what Mycroft could already see; both Alpha and Omega radiated pleasure and contentment in equal measure. Kissing John's flushed cheek, Sherlock gently unclipped the lead from his mate's collar and let the full weight of the leash fall into his hand. Then he inhaled deeply, immersing himself in the familiar smells of home. The pups' scents greeted and grounded him, making his smile softer. He let the breath go, and with it any tension leftover from his posturing at the club.
"Ohhh, yes," John moaned happily, keening and licking his mate's cheek. "Please, Alpha... fill me, breed me..." It didn't take long for the Omega to come, panting and writhing, as Sherlock's knot rubbed mercilessly across his prostate. "Mmm, that's it, make me swell up with more for you, make sure I'm heavy and waddling in no time... stuffed with your pups, so ripe with your children... everyone will see, everyone will know how you fucked me again and again," he breathed, nuzzling and nipping at Sherlock's ear.
Sherlock purred with satisfaction when he was finished, until he suddenly smelled the both of them when he went to dress himself. "Alright," he huffed, wrinkling his nose as he walked back to John and began tugging his clothes off again, "into the shower with both of us - promise I won't mount you again.. this time."
John paused briefly as the request came through, and sent a soft wave of understanding and love back to his mate.
The panelling and furnishings were of the same rich wood as the panels in the hallway, each item carved elaborately with designs of scrollwork and plump, ripe fruits. Directly across from the entrance was a small, private stage, lit softly and framed with silken curtains of a rich, deep red. A long sofa and two high-backed chairs faced the performance area in anticipation. To the left was an armoire, an antique refreshments cart, and a plush chaise longue, the oversize cushioned seat obviously meant for a very pregnant Omega to recline on comfortably. To the right of the stage was a large, circular bed and canopy between two open doors, one leading to an impressive marble bathroom, the other to a large bedroom - private, but with ample space to entertain guests.
The Omega mewed softly and gripped his Alpha's arm, gazing at him with wide eyes, trusting and vulnerable. He'd half expected a token protest, but had made sure he was wearing stretchy and comfortable clothing to handle his expanding belly. The waistband of the bottoms barely rose past his hips, pushed down by the hanging curve of his midsection; the hem of his top rested on the upper curve, ruched and stretched, and John would be glad later he'd chosen a stretchy material. He panted as the familiar twinge began in his womb, the copious amounts of takeaway food he'd eaten providing the necessary fuel. He groaned as his belly pushed outwards, swelling steadily, inflating before their eyes, but more than last time; he had been due for a growth spurt, and he cried out as it hit full-force in the space of two minutes. His growing belly forced him to spread his legs a little wider, the material of his clothes snapping tight over his expanding girth, his breasts filling with milk and straining against his bra. He whined, his Omega rising to prevent him from panicking at the sensation of more weight, his belly truly gargantuan and heavy, pinning him to the bed. He clutched at his mate, seeking approval, desperately nuzzling, his belly now so massive he couldn't hold Sherlock in his lap curled around him, his arms only able to reach around two-thirds of the way along his massive protruding girth as the swelling finally stopped. He whined, wriggling - and then the waistband elastic of his tracksuit bottoms snapped.
"We couldn't have that," Sherlock murmured lowly, cutting off another bite with the fork and bringing it to the Omega's mouth. "Your buttons are under duress already," he hummed as John chewed and swallowed, the Alpha already bringing another forkful to his mate's lips. The index finger of his free hand traced circles around John's navel in anticipation. "You've eaten so well - stuffing yourself so full just to feed our pups, helping them to grow so big and strong." He raised a glass of water for John to drink from, making the Omega take an extra few sips even as he groaned softly in protest. "Such a good Omega- just a little more-," he encouraged sweetly, offering John another piece of baklava.
The servant bowed as much as his large belly would allow and waddled through, pushing the drinks trolley into the bathroom. Beside the two drinks on the trolley there was a crisp white card, edged in gold, with the name of the drink on one side and a description on the back, written in beautiful deep blue ink by a hand well-practiced at calligraphy.
"I'm glad you weren't on them either. Simply bonding would have already been better than my wildest dreams, but this... this is incredible. You are incredible." Sherlock gathered John closer in his arms, hooking their legs together and pressing his knot into the Omega just a little farther. "I don't mind in the least, John," the Alpha rumbled quietly, "Sleep now. You and our children need the rest." He felt his own eyes drifting shut as he held his mate, John relaxing into sleep in his embrace.
he whimpered through the bond, feeling his belly rub against Sherlock's taut abdomen. The thought that this gorgeous Alpha who was possessing him so completely, making him take his huge cock right here where he wanted him, had fathered his children made the Omega grow even wetter, eager for more. "I'm pregnant," he blurted out suddenly, "I'm
He nuzzled the mark he'd left, kissing it gently before shifting back to Sherlock's lips and pressing more soft kisses to his plush Cupid's bow.
spurring him to delve deeper, his tongue suddenly pressing inside the Omega with feverish, insistent eagerness.
" John beamed, making a mental note to spread it out on the bed in the nest when he modelled Sherlock's
John nodded with a thoughtful hum. "Yeah, good." He sent love through the bond to Sherlock, cooing as Alistair and Imogen finished nursing. He shifted them gently to his lap and picked up Lucy and Viola to feed them as he gazed at his mate with kind eyes.
"John," he intoned urgently, pulling back as if he was afraid they might miss their chance by wasting another minute, "
John swallowed what he could before letting the rest of it spurt across his face, drenching his cheeks, lips and chin. He gazed up at Sherlock lovingly, rubbing his belly against his leg, crooning happily. "My Alpha... So much come... No wonder you gave me thirteen babies," he purred, too dazed to move for tissues.
"And I will help you achieve that aim," Mycroft returned, meeting his brother's eyes. He had never quite forgiven himself for Sherlock's miserable childhood; he'd always done his best to shield him from their father, to protect him, and how his heart had broken when he was forced to leave for boarding school and Sherlock had begged him tearfully to stay. Although he had never said it aloud, he adored his little brother, and his heart ached to think of him unhappy - so he was resolved to do everything in his power to calm Sherlock and help him prepare the Christmas he wanted for his children.
, Molly," John chided softly. "You deserve it. You don't look at yourself enough, you don't think you could ever
John came instantly as Sherlock knotted him, clenching harder around it than he ever had before as the most powerful orgasm he'd ever had gripped him, leaving him floating on waves of pleasure as he half-laughed, half-cried with the sheer pleasure of it. He stroked his Alpha's arm, keening as he exhaled, his body still rippling strongly around his Alpha's knot, milking him hard. It took a full two minutes to subside and when it finally finished John flopped his head back onto the pillows, grinning deliriously. He purred and nuzzled his mate, the pups still kicking excitedly in his belly. He pushed against Sherlock's face, seeking more kisses. "I'll carry as many pups as you want me to," he promised sweetly, so Omega he'd have agreed to anything his Alpha said. As it was, it took him another full day to emerge from his Omega; the hormone swing and the fact he was now trapped on the bed had taken its toll.
Sherlock actually whined in pleasure as his Omega squeezed his breast for him, pumping more of his thin, new milk into his mouth. The Alpha switched to the other breast soon after to give it equal attention, noting how it was swollen even further, the nipple puffy and erect as it dripped. Sherlock lapped up the trail of liquid along the swollen mound until he reached the rosy red nub, eagerly latching on. "Mmm, fuck, yes, John, you've always been mine - your body has known it from the start... You were made for me to breed you.. I'll fill you as often as you like, stay in bed all day just to give you my cock, fuck you just as hard even though you're massively pregnant, immobile, at the absolute mercy of my thrusts. I'll make you beg and cry out for it, whimpering and moaning for me to go faster since you're too enormous to help yourself... Too huge and heavy to even reach your own cock..."
, Sherlock hummed, licking John's cheek affectionately. It felt so right being in the nest with their pups close round them, the entire family together and contented. The Alpha grinned and then winced slightly as one of the pups wriggled and kicked his thigh with as much strength as their chubby little leg could manage.
John purred, happily rubbing his mate's seed into his skin, giving his pack Alpha's wrist a submissive lick before it was withdrawn. Mycroft switched to petting Sherlock's hair, purring, marking him with approval. He smiled as the younger Alpha snuggled up to his mate and stood, rubbing his handkerchief thoroughly across his wrists and brow before handing it to his brother, so it could soothe the bonded pair as they slept. Just as he was rebuttoning his waistcoat, Lestrade reappeared. "Thank you for all your help, Detective Inspector," Mycroft murmured gently, shaking his hand. He took his leave, taking out his phone to arrange disposal of Moriarty's body.
how controlled I've been - whatever you might think, it was not deliberate." He looked helplessly at his mate. "You won't have to breastfeed more than thirteen at once, John - we have a pack," he tried desperately, "We have a large, capable pack who are going to help us though this litter and who will be more than happy to help us with the next one, as well. You already have extra milk and you'll be making more that we can pump and freeze, too. We have the space, the money, the protection, and the pack to do this and I
Sherlock had chosen several Victorian homes of his own, as well as more Gothic-influenced estates; his homes were stone or wood rather than sturdy, plain brick. He looked over at his Omega's choices with an approving eye, unsurprised at his mate's practical selections. Kissing John's temple with a smile, he studied the features of each one. "These are perfect," he hummed. They
. The Alpha smiled, seemingly to himself, standing tall as he led his partner along. They turned down a hallway carpeted with rich red rugs, and soon arrived at a polished black door, a golden number 1 gleaming richly in the centre. Sherlock discreetly handed his keycard to their newest Beta attendant. A quick scan, and the lock clicked open, the Beta pulling the handle and returning the card to Sherlock in one seamless motion.
John simply nodded and remained still in Sherlock's arms, not believing his Alpha's assertion that it would have happened. He knew in the rational part of his mind that Sherlock was right, that if their positions had been reversed he wouldn't have wanted to risk it either, but some Omega part of him was... disappointed?... that Sherlock would never have declared himself freely, would always have been pushed into it by a catalyst. He tried very hard to tell himself that it didn't matter, they were here now, and he knew how much Sherlock loved him, they were bonded and nothing could shake the strength of their bond, before sighing and clinging to him more tightly. He knew, in truth, he would always have taken anything Sherlock gave him. Even if Sherlock had never claimed him, it would have been enough to know that he wanted to live with him, was possessive over him if another Alpha got too close. It was enough. He had considered trying to find another Alpha, but knew he could never stay with them. He pressed a soft kiss to his mate's throat. "We're here now. Your pups are in my belly, we're bonded. That's what counts. I love you." He smiled up at him and let his mate kiss him happily for a few more minutes before shifting. "We're out of milk again... the kind we need for tea," he smirked as Sherlock opened his mouth. "I'll just nip to Tesco and get some, alright? Back in half an hour." He kissed his mate sweetly, stroking his cheek with his hand, before slipping downstairs, looking forward to a brisk walk.
John peeked out from behind Sherlock to get a better glimpse, standing well back. An Omega woman stood behind him, beautiful and pale, collared and meek, gazing obediently at the floor. The emotions rolling through his bond with Sherlock could only mean one thing. Sherlock's mother and father. He shifted from foot to foot, his back getting sore, but not daring to move or make a sound. Sherlock could handle this.
Brendan's staccato cries of pleasure filled the space as Leo drove into him, and Sherlock began to roll his hips in response. "Mmmm, that's it..," he growled to himself, growing warmer. "Make him take it... He's insatiable in heat..." His cock pressed between John's cheeks, feeling the slight vibration there, and it suddenly irked him that John's passage was blocked. With a huff, the Alpha turned off the vibrator belt. "That's enough," he said firmly, shifting John onto his side and beginning to remove the devices. He was too hard not to have easy access to the Omega's hole the instant he was ready for it.
Tugging gently on Sherlock's hand as if coaxing a frightened kitten, he led Sherlock towards the other family, encouraged by Victor's serene expression. As they got close enough to speak, Victor raised his eyes to the couple and smiled softly. "Hello Sherlock," he said clearly, "how lovely to see you. You're looking well." There was no malice in his voice, only gentleness tinged with fond recollection, and John was secretly a little relieved. He sent a pulse of love through the bond, and something he hadn't tried before - a pulse of courage.
"Sherlock," he whimpered again, barely audible. He couldn't walk out of the restaurant like this, but if Sherlock got him off they might be caught. "Can't we... couldn't we just wait a few minutes? It... oh, god," he moaned softly, Sherlock's scent pervading everything. There was no way his arousal would dissipate with Sherlock looking at him like that, lapping at his scent gland and rubbing his exposed navel. "Please... I'll be quiet. I'll be good," he promised, his eyes desperate and pleading, trembling under Sherlock's touch, putty in his hands. He was pretty certain that if Sherlock ordered him to strip and lie on the table with his legs spread, he'd almost do it.
John snuggled closer to his mate happily, smiling as Sherlock opened the book and began to read. By the time he'd finished three chapters, John had fed four more of the pups and all thirteen of them were yawning and stretching, ready to settle. The couple gently shifted the babies one by one, laying them in their cots, and returned to the bed in the middle of the room. John pressed up against Sherlock insistently, nudging his mate with his nose until the Alpha put his arm around him, and settled happily against his chest, nuzzling into the curve of his neck. His small rounded belly pressed against Sherlock's side and he gently grasped his mate's hand, dragging it to rest on his distended stomach.
