He ignored that this thought felt wrong. He couldn’t say how but it felt weirdly bad to think about that.
It was less of a nightmare than a flashback, really. Or it felt like it anyway, Tony had trouble telling what was real and what wasn’t. But the beginning though, the beginning was always the same.
“It was a good run, I beat Sam again.” Steve sounded more proud than he should be considering the fact that he low key cheated in running. Like, it wasn’t his fault that he was a super solider but still. “I saw there were lights on in the workshop when I left. Didn’t you sleep, Tony?”
Tony smirked even though it felt like his face was cracking in half. Steve shook his head again and seemed completely baffled by Tony saying that.
. He had never ever done anything for him but let him down. Mocking him, god only knows why he’s even bothering to still be around Tony. The thought of Rhodey leaving him too made him want to roll up and never get up again. He was just filled up with heaviness.
Tony sighed and went back to shake him a bit more, just to get nearly hit in the face, when Steve all but jumped up.
”Thanks,” Tony nodded and then coughed again, to which Tall Blonde smiled at him again and then settled the boy on his hip before giving Tony an ice chip.
Tony smiled slightly at him, nodded another time, knowing very well that he’d break the promise the second Steve left his room.
From there on the dream varied. It was like a blur between memory and a tv show. Like he saw something out of his own eyes but it wasn’t his body. He didn’t control it. But it was bad, no matter what exactly was happening, it never failed to make him wake up with a scream on his lips.
to which Tony only nodded slightly, not knowing what exactly she meant by that, but thinking that the car had looked pretty in the store and as if it will fit perfectly into his collection.
The last part of his statement was nothing more than a whisper when his voice finally gave up and left him just staring at Steve. Waiting for him to explain something that could very well break Tony.
That night, Tony sat alone in his workshop and, for the first time in months, the glass full of scotch felt wrong in his hands. He just looked at it, turned it in his hand, watched how the bright light from the celling changed its color to a soft gold, but he couldn’t bring himself to drink it. He’d stopped drinking, back when he was still together with Steve; it’d been a hard fight, they both had to work so hard to keep his alcoholism under control, but they did it. But after Steve’s shield nearly killed him, he didn’t see a point in stopping with alcohol anymore. It’s not like anyone cared anyway.
”All of it,” Steve took another deep breath that seemed as if he just breathed in all the oxygen in the workshop, “The people, my friends, the smell, everything is
The following night, when he locked himself into his workshop, he had no intention to drink any alcohol. He was rather disgusted by it. Because Tony Stark felt empty inside and this void couldn’t be filled by any alcohol and the last thing he needed was a constant reminder that not even getting drunk could help him.
“It’s nothing, Cap. I was busy.” Tony had aimed for a casual tone but missed by a mile. He hoped that Steve would pretend that he hadn’t.
But golden boy Steve obviously wanted to talk things through; he always had a wounded—puppy expression and opened his mouth ever so slightly when Tony was about to leave after they exchanged a few sentences, trying to say more, but Tony couldn’t.
It’d been 10 days, 6 apples, 2 fruit bars and one piece of bread -which took him what felt like hours to eat- since he talked to Sam, who seemed to have forgotten that he ever realized something was up, and never brought it up again. Tony let himself relax again, it was fine, nobody knew anything.
Rogers shook his head slightly when Tony opened his mouth to say something and looked down at the kid. Tony rolled his eyes and sunk back on the couch, giving Rogers the time to bring the child to bed.
But oh, just how much Tony wished she wouldn’t have. Thinking about anything but work hurt and he couldn’t see past that.
“Hold on you can love pancakes? Like you get the same feeling when you look at pancakes that you get when you look at your girlfriend?” Tony doubted it, like he knew it couldn’t be like this but nobody didn’t like a little teasing.
Tony bit hard on his bottom lip, until he tasted blood, but maybe that’s good. It would cover how pale his lips were, a fact he strongly ignored whenever he faced a mirror.
Tony shook his head about himself right after this thought, he couldn’t believe he was a father of the kid as well.
He tried to listen to his surroundings; he was probably the little medic room right next to the labs, which was usually used for post—missions check ups. As far as he could tell, there was no other person here: no breathing next to him or any other indicator that he had company. He tried to open his eyes, which was harder than he thought it would be. He felt as if his eyelids were glued shut.
Tony pointedly ignored the little voice inside his head telling him that it had always been worse for him to see others hurt than to be hurt himself.
Steve looked at him as if he just said something incredibly stupid, before he shook his head and staring him down with the most honest look in his eyes. He could’ve told Tony that the sun was closer to earth then the moon and Tony would have believed him in a heartbeat.
Bucky raised his arm in surrender, but an easy smile stayed on his lips. ”I wasn’t about to say anything. Just wanted to keep you from thanking me for not buying a dog. It really was a close one.”
Tony didn’t want to learn that, though. He still had the little hope that he’d just wake up tomorrow and be 27 again, Rogers and child not in his life.
Steve seemed to get that something was up rather quickly, because he turned the stove off and walked up to the two of them. ”Tony, what’s wrong?”
”Tony, what do you mean?” He asked, voice slow and calculated as if he was trying to keep himself from reacting poorly. The kid seemed to get this too, because he just stared questionably at his father now, little pout on his face.
”I — I am not 27 anymore, am I?” Tony asked, his voice wavering and all but breaking but he couldn’t care less about it right now.
”Yeah,” Tony agreed nonetheless. He didn’t know what he was even saying yes to, but Steve looked so happy for a second that he was ready to make everything happen to keep it that way.
Call it karma, or fate but he needed more, he needed to know. He just had to know what else was out there in the world.
He always kept the memories of her close, while his father’s faded away. He had only been angry with Tony, there was nothing he could do about it, even if he wanted to.
I am also sorry that it took me so long to realize that you deserved better than me. If I wasn’t enough for you, you should have said
His words weren’t more than a broken whisper, never had the emptiness inside him hurt as bad as it did in this very moment. He was so tired of thinking of all the ways he wasn’t enough. Done with
Another laugh and then hushed voices on the other line, Tony sat up, hoping to hear more, but in vain.
Bucky laughed deeply and got up to pick the kid up before he could run to Tony, who was more than glad about that. He wasn’t ready to be cuddled by —
Steve looked down at the chair he stood in front of in question, to which Tony just nodded to give him the permission to sit.
Rogers only sighed, turning to walk to the couch rubbing over his forehead. Tony couldn’t believe that a man as big as him could look that little.
Tony ignored the low bad feeling in the bottom of his stomach, that told him that he truly had fucked up. Steve didn't even expect him to actually just wanting to ask questions anymore, he just thought bad something had happened that forced Tony to talk to him.
feel love and not just joy?” His voice tripped in the obvious attack and arrogance and he did not hate it. He felt
They sat together in silence for a few hours, while Tony felt sad for everything in his life. From the first day of pre school, where he had lost one of his play cars, to the very moment right now, all filled with sadness.
Tony sat up slowly to look at the two, without getting their attention. ”Take a deep breath, Stevie. The doctor said it’s perfectly normal when he begins to remember. When he doesn’t wake up in 30 minutes, we’ll bring him to the hospital, okay?”
Tony nodded, though, seeing his expression flicker again. Tony wondered what he had to say to keep the little sense of wonder and hope on his face.
Tony had long since given up on acting like he wasn’t completely gone for the kid so he just smiled at him proudly, ignoring the fond look with which Steve stared at him.
Steve gave him a teary smile. ”Sorry,” he said, wiping over his eyes. ”I don’t mean to make this uncomfortable for you, it’s just —” He ended his sentence with an open gesture that had no meaning at all, but gave Tony the feeling as if he understood.
They couldn’t know. Hell knows what they’d do. All of them already thought of him as weak and dramatic, what would they think if he told them he had an eating disorder. They probably say that he just wanted pity. Wanted attention.
It stayed like that for months, really. He and the team had breakfast together from time to time, even though Tony just drank his coffee and ate scrambled eggs without bacon.
”Do you want to join us?” Steve asked, turning his attention back to Tony, who filled himself another cup of coffee.
Tony had heard when Steve had left at 5 in the morning like some sort of maniac. Then again the fact that Tony himself had been awake stopped him from saying anything about it.
flinch when Steve spoke up, he was just really taken aback. He did such a great job in avoiding any conversation with him, that he didn’t even think about deleting Steve’s overwrite codes for the workshop.
Steve chuckled lowly, reaching for his glass of orange juice. ”Worth a shot. So I like white roses, sue me.”
be best for everyone, especially the kid, when they just accept that Tony couldn’t be that person anymore. The family father he apparently has been.
And he was ready to tell Steve just that. That he was certain that what he felt for him was the only real thing he ever had in his life. He wanted to burst it out, whenever he saw Steve drawing or making coffee for Tony, because he had the energy to run 5 miles at 4 am but Tony could barely hold up a cup that early. And every time Steve laughed and looked at him, like he felt it too, Tony wanted to tell him.
“That’s okay. I just want to know why so many people make movies about it. Write songs. Why can mothers lift cars when their
”You ruined my surprise proposal?” Tony teased. Steve looked back up at him, the happy edge still in place, making him look younger.
He watched how Peter picked out a fitting screw, little knit between his eyebrows as he looked at the different ones. It was adorable.
”No, you listen, no dog, Bucky! Bucky, you survived war, you won't die when Pete looks at you sad. — What yeah, I know you won’t die of this.”
How he could go further from that, because this kid in his arms, scrunching up his nose when he stumbled over a complicated word and rolling his eyes when his Papa told him to read it again and again till he didn’t have problems with it anymore, was his kid.
The neurologist told them how brains generate emotions through a combination of cognitive appraisal and bodily perception. He knelt down to Tony, nodding at his parents before trying to explain it to Tony.
Well, that actually explained a lot. Clint already lost a friend and couldn’t do anything against it, but this was different. Tony didn’t get stabbed; Tony didn’t
His last sentence came in a broken whisper over his lips, knowing that Steve’s answer to it could very well break the last piece of him that hadn’t been broken already, “What does this sound like to you?”
He got up from his seat in the workshop and looked around. Everything seemed normal. DUM—E was rolling around in the corner chasing who knows what and the constant little humming sound was still there too.
Tony had spent the past 2 hours watching the lemon slice in his glass swim around, trying to find answers to what he should do.
When he looked back at Rogers he really didn’t know how it was even possible for someone to show no emotions and all emotions at the same time. He looked devastated but only around his eyes. The little drop of the corner of his mouth. Else? Flawless. He sat upright, not even pouncing a leg or anything. Tony couldn’t help but think whether or not this man had ever showed his emotions straight out, with his whole body. Maybe he had cried during their wedding? Tony didn’t know.
“I think we all have had our fair share of life changing events.” Steve looked really tired for a second before he seemed to snap out of it.
“Right this way,” he said, as not impolite as possible, which was hard, but he got better at managing it.
”8 years with one person? Jesus, you must be having mad skills in bed. Multiple orgasms and all.” Tony let his gaze wander on Rogers, crocking his head slightly. Rogers to his credit didn’t back down, he just stood as straight as always, while Tony was all but undressing him with his eyes.
Bucky laid a hand on Steve’s shoulder, who looked pained and tired. He also was incredibly pale, as if he was about to be sick. ”Yes, yes, okay,” he said, not sounding convinced.
He shook his head and tried to focus on the low feeling of happiness inside of him. Steve had said yes to the date even though he knew the way Tony was. It wasn’t as if it would come as a surprise to him when Tony wouldn’t act like the persons he usually went out with. Tony felt a sharp pain through his heart when he thought of that. He looked down on his chest in confusion till he realized that this must’ve been
soon, that is. Steve was changing him and he didn’t want to go as far as to say that he’ll actually be normal soon, but
Rogers looked at his pained expression and raised one corner of his mouth tiredly. ”The child seat is behind the driver seat in my car but behind the passenger seat in yours, because you always wanted to be able to keep an eye on little Pete, no matter what car.”
Doubt filled Tony. He needed Steve to know just what he walked into once more because he couldn’t go through this again
Somewhere far away he could hear Jarvis talking to him, but Tony couldn’t do much more than look in the vague direction of  one camera.
But also fact was, he was just delaying the conversation. Steve would say all this sooner or later and right now Tony did everything so that this later would become never and they both just forgot about it altogether.
Also he had definitely touched Steve in way more intimate places more often than his past — future self cared to count. He could touch this man’s shoulder without crossing too many boundaries.
When his eyes finally came back in focus, the stranger was even farther away from his bed, looking about ready to run and fight.
“It’s not, Tony. We both know it.” Sad thing was, that Steve sounded just as convinced as Tony. Like he had not a single doubt that Tony had kept him around because he was
”Okay, what is up with your child? Why does he have 4029 uncles?” Tony just spit out then, trying to begin somewhere to figure out what the hell was happening.
He got hit with a warm feeling, deep inside of him, lightening his world up and making his eyes tear up in — pure
Rhodey smirked and leaned over to whisper quietly in Tony’s ear to which Tony’s entire face blossomed cherry red. Pepper laughed at the sight.
Steve dropped his arm to his side but didn’t step back, crowding Tony so that he couldn’t just walk away from this conversation. “What about your cover? You probably ruined it, they know you’re alive, Obie—“
Steve waited for Sharon to take her seat before occupying the seat right next to her. She began talking immediately and not at all at a speed he could keep up with. It wasn’t that she was annoying, but she was working a lot quicker than him and it was making him even more nervous. The server came by and took their drink orders quickly and returned in record time. He continued to listen to Sharon, smiling and nodding at proper intervals. She was animated in the things she spoke of, seemed rather passionate about the things she enjoyed, clearly had a mind of her own and he liked that.
"I've already gotten this talk from Natasha. Are you guys not reading each other's notes or is this a 'threaten Tony' project of SHIELD's?"
Bucky shrugged. “So? Isn’t that part of getting started? You have plenty of time to get to know him, so don’t let that hold you back.”
Tony yanked away from Steve with more strength than he usually displayed. “I won’t! Pepper’s in here, and I’m going to find her. I’m already trusting you with one of my best friends out there in that shit storm, I’ll handle the other one, whether you like it or not.”
Steve wrapped one giant arm over Tony’s shoulders. “You’d have known, if you’d have bothered to talk to me at all, that I wanted to make sure you were okay.”
Tony stayed quiet as the doctor did his work. Steve was still holding onto his hand and it felt nice. Once he was finished and left the room, the genius turned his head to look at Steve who had that same miserable, guilty look.
“What? No. I don’t mean that. It’s just--” He paused. “You said something about trying to impress me, but I’ve never thought of these things that I might need. I’m grateful for everything you do for me, for us, but I like it when you are just you.”
“Good. I’ve been trying to wake you up for awhile though. I was about to take sexy drastic measures to get your attention.”
Steve smiled softly as he held Tony’s injured hand in his, careful while he placed the ice pack on it. “Then I want to help you.”
After three days of running on fumes and junk food, Tony finally left the comfort of his workshop and went to the kitchen for some coffee. Clint was trying to teach Hulk how to successfully flip pancakes and failing if the crushed pans were anything to go by.
Steve was the one who would have to bodily drag him out though, Tony protesting not so adamantly because it was Steve and Tony was going to take what he could get because he was, above all else, a selfish asshole.
“There are a lot of things I wish I could change about my past. One of my captors called me the greatest mass murderer in US History. Or something like that. I mostly just remember the greatest mass murderer part. My weapons killed so many innocent people and I will live with that guilt for the rest of my life. But, as my stupid therapist has told me, we learn from the guilt and it makes us stronger. Your mind is on complete overload considering you’re trying to shove 70 years worth of information into that brain of yours, so it makes sense you’d still be beating yourself up over this, but we all have guilt and we all hate ourselves and we take care of each other. You hearing me?”
“No! It’s a thing I found on the Internet. When did people start having tacky sweater parties? I think we should do this. I’ve already gotten sweaters for all of you!”
The blond laughed lightly and pressed a kiss to the top of Tony’s head. “You’re never going to forgive me for this, are you?”
“It’d almost be worth it if it offered me just a little peace and quiet out of you for the rest of the night.”
He held up a disgustingly bruised wrist with a small grin. “I’ve had worse. Just a few bumps here and there. Nothing a little R&R won’t repair.”
Tony gritted his teeth. “I. Need. Your. Help.” When he was met with silence his shoulders slumped. “Look. I had absolutely no one else to go to. You are my last resort.”
Steve was silent for a moment. He was drenched, cold and very hungry surprisingly. After a moment though he spoke.
Steve gave him a slow smile and kissed him as passionately as he could, wanting to make sure he conveyed every emotion he could. He felt Tony relax and he pulled away slowly, kissing his forehead before pressing their foreheads together again.
“Hey! Rude! That’s the worst wish ever. You should have wished for your own department store of overpriced shoes with heels that are…”
Steve nodded sharply and turned to head out. “Make sure you have your coms ready and you’re suited up properly. We leave now.”
Bucky snatched the iPod this time, determined not to be left out of this conversation. “Anthony Stark? Sounds vaguely familiar. Is that what you’ve been listening to?”
“You would hear it that way.” He sighed and put both of his hands on Tony’s shoulders. “I love it. I think they’re great. I already said that. You don’t get enough sleep, you hardly eat, and I worry about you. I’d rather see you taking care of yourself than working yourself to death because you think that impressing me is the only way to get me to like you.”
Steve shook his head. “Ah, no. Sorry. I just...” he stood up straight once more and turned his head to look down the hall, thinking now would be a good time to grab Bucky and get the hell out of there.
Steve had found this endearing because he was so much more open like this than he was as an adult. He thought Tony was a great kid, and he was happy to see that Howard had been his father. Tony never spoke of Howard. When he did it was always with an air of disinterest as an adult and trepidation as a child. Steve loved Tony as a child, but he was missing adult Tony more than he let on. Once they were able to get past the initial disdain they’d felt for each other (and he’s not going to pretend that didn’t take awhile because they were both stubborn as hell), they found that they were able to get along remarkably well.
Steve watched as Tony waltzed into the room, a tablet in his hands and a pep in his step as if he didn’t have a care in the world and something broke. One strand of hay too many on the camel’s back and Steve was across the room and on Tony before he really knew what was happening.
“You haven’t known me very long.” Tony tipped his head to the side, mouth held in a thin line. “When I was with HYDRA, I wanted to sell you and anyone else they asked for out so many times, tell them anything they wanted to hear just so they would leave me alone.”
Tony opened his mouth to give Steve an answer but the blond had turned on his heel and left Tony standing there.
Guard after guard went down as Steve checked each open space he came across. He ran until his legs ached, ran so that he could block out the squeezing in his chest that happened each time a room came up Tony-less. Tony was alive, Steve knew he was alive, because he had to be alive.
He cleared his throat and patted Tony’s suit before lifting his hands. “Just so you guys know, we wouldn’t be able to be here doing this every time another psycho attacks the city if it wasn’t for the donations from the Maria Stark Foundation and Stark Industries. They are backing this project entirely.”
The genius hummed, mostly to acknowledge he’d heard the soldier but didn’t want to say more because that would imply he was actually going to take a break. Which he so wasn’t. Even if Steve got on his knees and begged Tony to stop because he’s overworking himself.
He spun around, gun cocked and safety off only to see—Steve groaned. “What the hell are you doing here, Stark?”
The AI did not respond to him and nothing changed. He frowned, mostly in pain because he had an excruciating headache, but at the same time he picked up on the fact that he wasn’t in his room. Or any room for that matter. He blindly reached out to see what he was laying on and felt sand. So it had been one of those nights then.
Steve rolled his eyes. “I’m not but I like to think that I can match your skill with the guitar at least.”
Once everything was ready, he brought food to the table and poured the both of them a glass of wine each. It took quite a bit of convincing on Tony’s part to make Steve give him some wine too.
Tony opened the pad to the first page and smiled softly as he began to flip through the pages. The first few had been faces from Steve’s past no doubt, but it did not take long for him to notice drawings of the Avengers. Some of them were stunningly beautiful and Steve had an eye for detail. Tony was pleased to see cartoony versions of them as well though. He lifted his eyes to look at Steve when he saw a cartoon drawing of himself and Clint as children who were obviously taking great pleasure in all of their mischief. Steve grinned in response and continued to wait for Tony to get to the final drawing.
The blond tilted his head and gave the genius a scrutinizing look. “I hope you’re not asking what I think you’re asking.”
“I can’t say I’m familiar with the other voice you and Pepper were conversing with, but it’s safe to say if he’s in the building he isn’t going anywhere for awhile.”
“Sir, Colonel Rhodes is on the premises. Would you care to send a message telling him you will be up shortly?”
He took the iPod from Bucky and put his ear buds back in. “Let me know when the pizza shows up.” Before Bucky had a chance to ask him anything else, and the look on his face indicated he wanted to, Steve turned his music back on, opened to a fresh page in his sketchbook and got to work on his self-portrait while he still had a few minutes left to himself.
“Okay so there’s that. Whatever. You’re clearly upset so I’m going to avoid arguing with you right now.”
“I can’t…” he inhaled deeply and let out the breath slowly. “I just thought I’d be able to get to Bucky this time, you know?”
“No more talk about vomit, Tony. This is supposed to be fun. Besides, there are plenty of other parents here and I found a good place for us to get a little privacy if you’re interested.”
Rhodey mock shuddered. “I wish I could say MIT was one giant blur but…” he trailed off, shaking his head forlornly.
“Mmhh.” A few minutes passed, in which time Steve tried to decide if he should snap Tony out of whatever place he’d fallen into or let it run its course, before Tony jerked his eyes back to Steve and began circling him, grabbing at the fabric in between recording voice notes.
The elevator began to rise and Steve looked up in wonder again. “Aren’t they supposed to play music?”
Tony considered this for a moment, a frown creasing his brow. “Come up to the workshop with me. I have a few calls to make, people to bring to tears, the usual. Make yourself comfortable there. You can meet the bots,” he added with an excited grin.
Tony planted his feet on the floor and stood up from the bed. Bruce had been nice enough to loan him a pair of pajama pants, bright purple, and a t-shirt, that Bruce assured him wasn’t his, that said Hammer Industries on it. Tony had scowled down at the shirt before letting Bruce know that he wasn’t above accidentally setting it on fire or possibly pouring bleach on it. Or both at the same time. Bruce hadn’t seemed too worried about the threat.
“They want to run tests for a few days.” His voice sounded rough. “Apparently it’s unusual to find a super soldier turned genie turned back into a super soldier.”
Steve lifted the sweater and watched it unfold, showing off the face of Iron Man with a reindeer nose and antlers and Tony wasn’t sure if laughter was an appropriate response but he took a chance and went with it.
He was rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet, hands shoved into his pocket and smiling proudly. Steve gave the phone some consideration and smiled briefly before setting it down. Tony tried not to let this bother him by moving on to the next thing.
Steve mouthed DUM-E and U to himself, trying to figure out which part he wanted to focus on first before settling with the last part of Tony’s rambling. “You haven’t exactly stayed in any room I’ve entered this last week. I was pretty sure you were avoiding me.” Did Steve sound put out? He didn’t mean to sound put out. Hopefully Tony wouldn’t notice.
He had his music blaring. He had a prototype he was working on pulled up. A body armor designed for flight capabilities, one that would allow him to walk into a war zone without being harmed, one with weapons that he could use to destroy what was left of weapons. He felt like he owed it to the citizens of Gulmira to make things right for them. He owed a lot of people so many apologies and the implications of how bad things were had hit him square in the head.
He struggled to sit up in the hammock when his hand slipped through one of the holes and then a foot got caught as well, which caused him to fall rather spectacularly from the cursed thing. He was going to make a different bed this time.
Steve heard the low buzz of Natasha’s stingers going off and the loud cry of a guard. “Definitely incompetent. This one was just playing angry birds on his phone.”
Natasha Romanoff stood with her arms crossed over her chest and was glaring at Justin Hammer and some slimeball friend of his she couldn't even remember the name of.
Steve laughed and dropped his head to Tony’s shoulder, the genius carding his fingers through Steve’s hair once more.
If Steve’s smile wasn’t so genuinely excited Tony would have laughed and said he needed to get back to work. “What for?”
“Yeah. My music appreciation professor recommended it. Piano prodigy is what he said. I haven’t really done any further research on him.”
“You’re not going to leave, are you? I want you to stay. Everyone leaves.” Tony wasn’t looking at Steve when he spoke, and he was speaking in a near whisper.
Tony laughed when the bot raced into Steve’s leg again, hard enough that he stumbled back into the table. “Pretty neat, huh?” He addressed the bot, cooing as if talking to a child or a small animal. “Wave to the Captain now,” and laughed delightedly when he did just that. “Okay, a bit more complicated. Remember what I taught you though. Head, shoulders, knees and toes, knees and toes. Head, shoulders, knees and toes, knees and toes. Eyes and ears and mouth and nose. Head, shoulders knees and toes. Knees and toes. Alright!”
“Is that your answer to everything?” Tony asked, disgusted. “Eliminate anything that gets in the way of things going your way like a kid throwing a tantrum?” Tony squeezed his eyes shut, got quiet. “If you wanted me dead, why did you have me tortured first?”
Tony eyed Steve warily, very obviously changing the subject. “I’ve got something to give to you, but I’ll have to explain how it works first.”
Tony blew out a breath, rocking on his heels a little. “Okay, okay. Hearing you loud and clear. You’re not in the mood. Do you want me to join you in bed?”
Steve shut his eyes and sagged heavily into himself for just a moment before regaining any strength he had left to finish what he started.
“For...you. It’s for you. I have this idea in my head that I can look past this ridiculous crush I have on you so you won’t ever find out, except now you know so that makes it pointless, but really it’s because I’d rather keep you as a friend because I’m selfish and I will take what I can get when I get it.”
“It would appear that Steve the Genie has temporarily relocated himself to the common area. He is currently standing in front of the window again.”
Steve stood, leaving behind the metal debris for a moment, wiping his hands on his pants. “That’d be great. Yeah. I’ve been trying to pry them apart. Apparently it won’t even give in to my super soldier strength.”
Steve was crouched down, trying to pull apart two metal pieces that had somehow twisted themselves together. He couldn’t lift one without dragging the other and they were settled at an angle that was too awkward for him to be able to carry both.”
Steve let go of the beam weighing him down with the trucks holding the larger bits of debris and then he shrugged as he wiped his hands off. “He’s just…” he waved his hands around a bit as he searched for a word. “Stubborn.”
“You’ll see,” was all Steve said. “Go get changed into something not covered in oil and grease, okay? If there’s anything left that you haven’t stained.”
Zola smiled again, the curve of it cold and cruel. “Access is the name of the game, dear Captain. We couldn’t get Stark to make the weapon himself, but those designs of his are still locked away in Stark Industries.” He spit another mouthful of blood to the floor. “Schmidt is not a patient man, the time it would have taken to get into those files was not fast enough for him; enter Anthony Stark. We may not have been successful last time around, but we’ve gotten a bit more creative, as I’m sure you’ll see.” Zola shook his head in pity. “Everyone has a breaking point, Captain, and you seem to surround yourself with men who are right on the cusp of theirs,” he began to chuckle, an ugly little thing. “Do you want to know the things he screamed? He called for you, Captain, more than once—“
“Hello, Steve,” came the robotic voice, low and menacing yet still carrying that robotic edge. “Would you like to play a game?” Steve stared down at it, eyes wide until the creature’s metal eyebrows began to waggle and its voice went back to its high pitched chirp as it zoomed its way around his legs.
“First of all, no. No it’s not your fault, Cap. None of it is. None of us will ever for one second believe that it’s your fault.”
Tony sat back up and bumped his shoulder against Steve’s. “We can stick around until it goes down. Then we can head back to the tower. I’ll order pizza. We can watch a movie. Or we can play video games.”
Tony laughed at that and scooted down so he could lay next to his boyfriend. “You really are. And I am okay with that.”
“Lift your shot glasses high as a token of our appreciation to the gods of punk as they rain down their awesomeness upon us so that we may kick some serious fucking ass tonight!”
Natasha breathed roughly, as if she were running, “We have Stark, he’s injured. Transporting him to Bruce as we speak.”
“Thought so. We can’t change the past. We can’t change anything that’s happened, but we can help each other. Oh my god I sound like my therapist. This is awful.”
The brunet shrugged. “Why not? Just don’t get us killed like one. I promise you neither of us will make a miraculous return from death. We aren’t that lucky.”
Tony’s eyes were closed and Steve wanted more than anything for Tony to look at him. He knew this was Tony’s way of apologizing for his part. Tony chose to express all of his feelings through songs because he was unable to do it without a little help. That’s just how Tony was.
Steve jerked back, away from Tony, who slumped against the wall dejectedly, and pulled out his phone to read the alert.
Steve checked his watch for the seventh time before Tony reappeared, dressed and looking more awake, though that was probably due to the coffee he had clutched in his hand. Tony gestured at where Nuts-N-Bolts was unplugging and then plugging the lights in.
That earned him a toothy grin and maybe Tony was lying a little about how much work he had to do. “And I’m sure you’re exaggerating on the amount of work you have left to do on this particular project. Now let’s get going.”
She cleared her throat and sat up straight, pushing a stray hair from her face. “Next time I reschedule a meeting for you, you better show up. Come hell or high water.”
“I think Tony has enough on his plate already,” Natasha commented as she shoved a wheelbarrow full of twisted metal toward a dumpster.
Steve didn’t know what to say, didn’t really understand why Tony was telling him any of this to begin with but unwilling to say the wrong thing and ruin whatever was going on here.
Steve showed up thirty minutes later. He passed the crowd, the band, tuned out everything as he focused on getting to the back room. He had no idea what Tony was up to, but he figured there would be another song. He’d only stopped to pick up his guitar because he was going to show Tony he wasn’t the only one who could play music. He knew he didn’t have the talent that Tony had, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t be proud of what he was capable of doing.
Tony watched as Bruce pushed up his glasses with his index finger, eyes downcast at the tabletop. “People just want to protect you.”
Shut up,” Steve demanded, voice low. “Do you think everything is a joke, Stark? Do you think we’re playing a game all for your fucking amusement?” Steve didn’t give Tony a chance to answer. “What the hell do you think you were even doing? I told you not to go out because it wasn’t safe and you didn’t listen, you never fucking listen—“
“J.A.R.V.I.S., begin recalibration on Mark Twelve.” Tony looked like he was orchestrating a symphony with the way his hands were held up as they expanded a holographic screen. He pointed to the area where the HUD had malfunctioned earlier, resulting in a less than spectacular and rather painful crash into a parking garage.
Steve glared and lightly tapped the bot with his foot out of annoyance. He regretted it almost instantly as Nuts-N-Bolts let out a loud pitched siren noise, loud enough that Steve had to hold his ears with his hands to block out even just a little bit of the screeching.
She’d untied his wrist with a flick of her knife, grabbed his hand tight, and said very firmly, ‘keep up’, and he had. They’d ran and ducked and hid behind corners until a car pulled up fast around the corner and the lady, who later identified herself as Peggy Carter, shoved him in the backseat and shouted at the driver to ‘bloody drive!’.
“You don’t actually have to wait here with me you know, especially if you’re just going to judge me.”
Bucky bent it, curled it, rolled it. The rolling seemed to be the part that caused him pain and he yelped slightly.
The brunet’s head shot up and he looked from the screen that was showing a very put out looking Pepper to the door that was showing an equally put out Steve.
Tony took a deep breath and deflated. “What do you want me to say? I—I don’t know who to believe, Steve. I can’t afford to be the naïve guy again. So much of my life has been twisted and built on lies. Trust isn’t just something I can give away so easily anymore.”
“I thought I’d find you here. You haven’t been in your workshop all day. Is something bothering you?”
Steve realized his error the second Tony’s face soured. “Of course I’m useful. I’m giving you guys the best material money can buy. You’ve had access to JARVIS, the most advanced piece of technology to date—so yeah. I guess you could say I’m useful, but not necessary.”
Clint weaved in and out of traffic, met with a blaring of horns and curses yelled out the windows coming from every direction as they tried to get to Manhattan as soon as possible, a feat almost impossible with the amount of traffic that seemed to be clogging the roads.
A chorus of yesses filled the small space and Mister Steve smiled again. “Wonderful.” He picked up the book next to his chair and propped it up on his lap so everyone could see the title. “Do you guys know what book this is?”
He tried to get things back on track with a rush that wasn’t fooling anyone. “We should probably discuss what role the two of you can play without putting you in any direct lines of fire.” He focused his attention on Pepper. “Anything you can get on Obadiah would help. Location, business meetings, accounts that we haven’t already found. We want to corner him so he has nowhere to run when we come knocking at his front door.” Steve shifted to Rhodey once Pepper gave him a determined nod. “The Red Skull. I need you to pull any strings you have in getting this guy contained. Draw him out any way possible. We can give you any information you need when regarding HYDRA, things that I doubt even the military has access to.” Rhodey was all hard lines and heavily trained military attitude when he responded with a curt nod. “Both of you, stay safe. Try not to engage directly. If you find trouble then give us a call. We can work below the system; it’s what we’re here for.”
Steve’s body slumped against Tony’s as the two of them worked to catch their breath, panting loudly before Steve gave Tony a lazy, blissed out kiss, his face then falling into crook of Tony’s neck again. He smiled and Tony ran his clean hand through Steve’s hair, chuckling.
Tony was saved from answering when Rhodey cut him off, pulling Tony toward him. “Come on Pepper, don’t hog him.” He wrapped his arms around Tony in a bone crushing hug, though Tony didn’t seem to mind, holding on just as tight as Rhodey seemed to be. “Don’t think that when this is all over that I’m not going to kick your ass for making us worry.”
Steve was silent for a moment and then he smiled and held out his hand to Rhodey. “I’m hearing you loud and clear, Colonel. Thanks.”
Dum Dum flicked the lip of his cap and smiled at Steve, clapping a hand roughly on his shoulder. Steve would have taken a moment to spare him an annoyed look, but nothing would be as bad as that first time he did it while Steve was actually applying the eyeliner. Needless to say, he made sure he wasn’t using it whenever Dum Dum entered the room.
Thor just nodded, pointing at the t-shirt he was wearing. “I hear it has become customary for us to provide as much aid as possible post-battle. I agree with the sentiment although I do not much care for this garment. It is far too tight and I feel almost naked without my cape.”
Tony stared with wide confused eyes as Steve just held him there for a few moments. “Steve, what are you—“ Steve crushed his lips to the brunet’s, quieting the words though Tony did manage a rather high pitched squeak that Steve was going to tease him about later.
Steve watched him walk away and exhaled, bowing his head and rubbing the back of his neck. If this plan of theirs didn’t end up being the death of him, there was no doubt in his mind that Tony Stark would be.
So this ended up coming a week later than I promised! Sorry. My poor beta ended up having computer issues and being sick and it was hard for her to try and finish all this within the initial allotted time as a result. She rocks though.
Tony cut his eyes toward Steve’s friend. “If you were smart, you’d never need to be reminded in the first place, Barnes. My lateness was in the name of science, so bite me.”
Then Tony wanted to watch Natasha spar with Steve because no one could beat Captain America. When he was proven wrong on that he was actually smiling. Natasha grinned and ruffled his hair and Tony pushed her hand away.
He loomed a bit closer, trying to zone in on the actual lock while the key hung from his hand. He blinked his eyes a few times but there were still two of them and he honestly had no idea which one was the real one. Then he closed one eye and stared down the awful piece as if it had personally offended him. Finally he reached up with the key and scraped his way toward the keyhole, managing to achieve success after roughly a minute of grumbling and sighing.
It didn’t take long for Natasha’s voice to filter through the com. “Clear. It’s now or never, boys.”
“No one has ever drawn me before. Photographs I’ve got plenty of, but drawings...they let you know how someone else sees you.”
“I wasn’t able to get to you before you were hit. Some jackass had stolen a woman’s purse and shoved you out of the way to get past us. I ended up grabbing him and...it kept me from getting to you. I shouldn’t have…” he sighed. “I should have gone for you first.”
Steve took a cautious step back, not trusting the creature even though it had yet to make any move to attack.
The soldier took a seat next to the genius and everyone grew silent. It took the both of them to notice it but when they did they were greeted with snickers.
When Steve popped up at his side he jumped and dropped the soldering iron in his hand, burning it in the process. He cursed angrily and glared at Steve.
“That is a damn dirty lie, Rogers.” Tony took another breath. “I hate myself for not knowing. I should have known. Something should have told me. I was clueless though. And I hate that. I hate it so much because I thought it was you and it wasn’t.”
“I said that, but I had no idea you were putting millions of dollars into helping the city! How long has this been going on?”
“What I do is purely on a need to know basis. What we do has nothing to do with your work on Bucky.” Steve knew how ridiculous it all must have sounded now, all things considered, but it had been the truth up until Tony managed to get himself kidnapped HYDRA. “You not knowing, it was as much for your protection as it was for ours”.
Eventually he got the door open and crawled in because he could barely make himself stand at this point.
“You don’t need his help since you’re bigger than him now, all the girls in the school suddenly realized you exist, and he literally has his own pile of issues that I’m not touching with a ten foot pole because he’s a deeply troubled individual. It boils down to the fact that he’s terrified you’re going to abandon him, but he’s playing that card close to his chest and bluffing by pretending he doesn’t need you anymore.”
Steve turned away and started making his way toward the door. “That’s a good start. Leave the rest to my team. We’ll keep you updated.”
“Is it? You never say anything like that to Clint. Or Thor. Or even Bruce and you say some pretty awkward things to him.”
He was smiling like the big goofball everyone told him he was. He knew it. Whoever this guy was, he was talented. He could carry a tune, he was singing and not many people he’d known could pull off Frank Sinatra so well. He tried, he did, but there was a reason he wasn’t lead vocals. Steve could sing. He could sing well, but it wasn’t where he was strongest. This guy could probably be singing lead vocals if he really wanted to. Steve wanted to ask him so many questions already and he knew nothing of this person at all except he was part of The Avengers.
Steve looked up to meet Tony’s eye and suddenly everything made a lot more sense. “This is...your doing,” he stated.
“Well if you don’t want that to happen then you need to rethink your choices in life and remember what’s important to you. You’re willing to throw all of that away by being in a band?”
“Tony,” Steve was barely whispering. “I am so sorry! I had no idea! I just...do you want me to talk to him? Tell him what’s going on? Tell him all the good things you do? Anything?”
Tony laid his palm flat on Steve’s stomach, pulling it away almost as quickly as he’d placed it there. He muttered under his breath, “How do you not have a girlfriend?”
Steve grabbed the paper and allowed himself to relax back into his seat, if only for a moment. His eyes scanned the pages, and maybe the newspaper wasn’t the best idea to relax with when every other story had something or another to do with Obadiah Stane, Stark Industries, or more speculations as to the ‘unknown’ whereabouts of Anthony Edward Stark.
Rhodey caught Steve’s eye, gaze searching and untrusting. “So…you left one mob to work for another?”
Of course Steve was able to rationalize the feelings of a coffee maker. Tony should never have installed an AI in it. He regretted a lot of his decisions to put AI into his toys.
Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times before speaking, “Obie ordered a hit on my parents. It wasn’t an accident. It was HYDRA.” Tony’s chair fell back with a bang as he stood up. “Fuck!” he yelled, kicking the table as hard as he could, causing some of the pages to float down to the floor. “They were friends! He killed my parents and they were friends! He made it look like a goddamn accident all because he thought I needed a fucking push, old blood out new blood in. At least I would be easier to control than dad.”
Tony smiled, small but sincere. “Superheroes huh? As long as I get to be the one with all the cool armor--- and flying! Flying is a must…maybe rollerblades. An entire suit of battle ready armor ready to swoop in and save the day with science and technology that would make the smartest men to ever live cry tears of envy.”
The smile fell from Tony’s face and he grabbed for the burger Rhodey had ordered for him. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Tony!” Pepper looked horrified but the look just as quickly slipped from her face. “I can’t even pretend to be shocked by this.”
Obie shook his head sadly. “You were a failure, boy. Always were. Too much of Maria’s softness and too much of Howard’s determination to change the world, to thrust us into a period of peace.” He coughed loudly, wincing as he did. “Howard wanted to shut down weapons too, you know. Thought it was time to end it all, take SI in another direction. I can sell peace, but only with the right technology.”
Tony stood up with enough force to knock the chair backwards. His lips were pressed into a thin line. “And my mother, did she know too? How about Edwin Jarvis?”
Steve stopped running, braced his hand on the wall. “Get somewhere safe, Buck. Bruce will come for you soon.”
When Tony opened his eyes, his brain took several moments to comprehend where he was. He tried to move just a little and groaned because everything hurt. Ah yes. Hospital. Just his luck.
Steve stretched and rolled onto his side, pulling his boyfriend close. “I can go back to sleep if you promise to wake me up with such a drastic manner.”
When they finally pulled apart, both smiling like huge dorks, J.A.R.V.I.S. interrupted their moment by announcing that “Master Barton has asked me to inform you that it is about fucking time.”
Tony shook his head and grimaced. “Keep your friends rich, your enemies rich, and wait to find out which is which.”
The first place Tony found himself when he ventured outside his room was an admittedly dark and creepy hallway that did not at all remind him of the time he stayed up for 36 hours straight after watching 'The Grudge' and then getting locked outside of his dorm room that suddenly seemed 20 degrees colder and darker. Not at all.
Tony searched the entire island. He found palm fronds. He found a hammock. He found coconuts. He found...nothing useful.
“Not during an actual performance, no. I have just while practicing though. It happens. The hours are long but I can’t complain.”
The younger man smiled and pulled down a pair of sunglasses that Steve could almost swear materialized from nowhere. “Come on, Steve. Viva la fresh air. Did I use that right?” He took another long drag of his coffee. “Not that it matters, the sentiment is what counts.”
“Okay, thumb slowly again, only this time see if you can hold it for five seconds,” the genius murmured, the magnifying goggles on his head making him look somewhat comical. Bucky complied and watched as certain parts on the inside seemed to work together fluidly. So far there was no pain.
“You won’t be getting rid of me so easily, Rogers,” the genius mumbled as he tried to tame the shivering a little bit.
Both Rhodey and Pepper nodded curtly, shifting just that much more to block Tony. Steve didn’t take offense, he’d do the same with any of his people. Including Tony.
“Tony, we really need to get going.” Pepper said it matter-of-factly. She didn’t want to pull Tony away from Steve because she knew this was as close to a normal type of life Tony would ever get, but she couldn’t cancel the concerts.
The next day and several hours after Tony’s quest to completely remake the Stark Industries name for the better, Steve disappeared with a silent pop. The genius quickly turned around from his work and blinked. “What the hell was that?”
Tony’s hands were hovering, almost like he was unsure of himself before he dove right in and began playing. Steve smiled because he knew what it was right away.
Tony laughed, a slight bounce in his step as he trailed along next to Steve, hand squeezing firmly. “I want that recorded. First thing when we get home--- er, after I fix your bike.”
Tony hummed as he examined the sweater. “Well that’s not the way Starks celebrated. Besides, everyone in my family died when I was 17.”
Tony needed something to do with his hands and began sliding them up and down Steve’s biceps. Steve took that as his cue and leaned into the genius, cupping his face with his hands, and pressed a kiss to his lips. The tension left both of them, their kiss started to heat up.
Tony scowled, face contorted in obvious anger, but fear still swimming in his eyes-- not that Steve could blame him, but he wasn’t going to let some young punk disrespect him in his own home. He had the odd urge to grab the genius by the ear and drag him to the sofa, but just managed to restrain himself, gripping the man’s good arm firmly.
Tony waited quietly for all of five seconds. “Oh. Well that tells me everything I need to know about you, Art Student Steve. Would you care to fill me in just a little more?”
“Are you even from this era? You talk like my grandfather. He never stopped saying swell and still calls all girls dames.”
Pepper squared her shoulders, sitting up tall and sure. “James is right, we aren’t leaving you….besides, we’ve handled you for this long, anything else seems like a walk in the park in comparison.”
Tony stood up, cracking his back and then yawning. “Steve, not that I’m trying to be the downer here, but why exactly are we doing this?”
Steve nodded and began thrusting his hips slowly, Tony moaning and his own hips lifting to meet Steve’s thrusts. Steve took that as his cue to begin moving faster, his hips snapping forward then moving a hand to Tony’s cock and wrapping around it. He began to pump it in time with his own thrusts.
Tony pretended to struggle, smiling at the glare on the kiddo’s face. Finally he decided to get up though. “Run to the kitchen. I’m going to brush my teeth. Don’t try to cook anything yourself. You remember what happened last time you tried to do that right?”
Steve wasn’t bothered by how fast it was happening. He didn’t care that Tony lacked modesty and that he might be a little arrogant because honestly, Tony deserved to be. He didn’t need to hear Tony confirm that he was a genius. That much was obvious already and Tony could have been unbearable in his arrogance, but he wasn’t. He was cautious and only showed the arrogance in short bursts.
Steve looked toward the water. Tony saw something flicker across his face but he couldn’t put a name to it.
Steve gave a shrug and stopped what he was doing. “Would you have wanted to tell me if i had asked?”
Steve quickly inhaled and glanced over at Clint and Natasha. They were staring at Tony, and for once, appeared to be completely clueless as to what they should be doing. So he looked back over at Tony and gave him a quick smile. Tony looked as if he were analyzing Steve and walked toward him.
Warning: Non-graphic depictions of violence in this chapter, but the aftermath and description of the injuries might be a little more difficult to bear. I don't think they're too bad, but use your best judgment. The injuries are listed in the second section.
“Touché, but we’re talking about you. Steve, please, stop doing this. Stop blaming yourself for things that aren’t your fault. If Bucky is in there somewhere and does come back out, what do you think he’d say to you if he knew you were blaming yourself this much?”
Bucky had come back home that day, eyes slightly confused and just a little bit off balance, telling him about the things Stark promised and the results he guaranteed would ‘blow his fucking mind’. He told him how he thought the kid was trying to get his number at first until he’d started poking and prodding at the lost limb, asking Bucky about mobility and pain levels. It had been a whirlwind meeting, Bucky said, over almost as soon as it began and ending with a card pressed into Bucky’s palm and an appointment to meet Tony in his workshop that upcoming Saturday.
He yanked off his shirt and pants, nearly breaking his neck in the process since he’d not bothered with taking off his shoes. This was just too much for him so he fell onto the bed and promptly passed out, not even hearing the chime on his phone.
Steve looked up with a start, pulled from his thoughts and then smiled. “Oh. Hey, Nat. Yeah. Almost finished.”
Steve stood up to answer it faster than he would like to admit, told himself that it wasn’t because it could possibly be Tony coming back for whatever reason.
“You’re five. You’re a kid, squirt.” He ruffled his son’s hair and chuckled when Peter gave an exasperated sigh like the one he often heard from Tony when talking to someone especially stupid and ran his hand through his hair to fix it.
The grin on Steve’s face was challenge enough for Tony to lurch forward, his lips crashing into Steve’s, his hand reaching up to hold the soldier’s head in place. Steve immediately started kissing back and Tony almost forgot how to breathe. He pressed his lips harder to Steve’s and the soldier was holding Tony’s face in his hands.
Tony had to hold in the laugh that was threatening to come out. He nodded and gave Obie a look of defeat. He didn’t know about Steve. He didn’t know that Steve was a genie. “It looks like you got me good this time, Stane.”
The genius turned for a moment, pilfering the last root beer from the fridge with a small smile of vindictive victory before sitting in the chair across from his friend. Was Bruce ever his friend?
Tony, being the genius he was, had compromised. He already made himself a vest when fashioning one for the others, because, well, who knew who was trying to shoot at him these days? His other gadgets though, those had mostly been projects he’d taken on as a hobby in between the more serious work. He felt very James Bond-ish in some ways, but with better toys and better looks.
Steve gave him a blank look. “Yeah because you’re obviously not trying to hide anything by taking that route with it.”
When he looked up at Steve, the soldier was blushing a little and Tony had to smile. “Wow. Uh...you’re going to be really disappointed when you see mine.”
Happy drove them to the new bookstore. When they walked in Tony’s nose was assaulted by the smell of coffee. It smelled great. Much to Peter’s chagrin, Tony made them stop by the bookstore coffee shop first before moving on. He might actually like this place already.
Pepper just stared at him and waited for almost ten seconds before sighing. “You...tripped over him?”
“Dad, all I ever do is practice! The only times I’m not practicing are when I’m with my band. I play the keyboard so I’m still essentially practicing. I can’t figure out why this is such a huge deal.”
The first image he was presented with was Steve wearing a World War II uniform, posing with Howard. Tony swallowed and flicked his wrist to move on to the next. This one depicted Steve in a spangly looking outfit. A very nice, rather form fitting outfit, adorned with a giant star and a shield on his arm. The image after was one of Steve and he assumed it was pre-serum. He was much skinnier, looked sick and according to the file, suffered from various ailments and was rejected by the army on four different occasions. Picture after picture and file after file. He read the entire story of one Steven Grant Rogers who had disappeared in 1945, the same guy who was sitting on his couch and watching movies with him.
Tony rolled his eyes and continued handing out the garments, first to Natasha and Bucky who both accepted theirs with an almost analytical silence, before tossing Sam and Thor’s items to them, both of whom smiled sincerely at the gifts.
The brunet padded toward the refrigerator for something cold to drink, his head peeking inside just as someone cleared their throat behind him. He jumped, hitting his head on the inside. “Fuck, shit, ow!” Tony whirled around, an admonishment ready on the tip of his tongue only to see Bruce sitting at the kitchen table, grinning like a fool.
Sitting at an old piano was the keyboard player, the guy in the shiny, tacky red and gold outfit. Steve had to smile a little. The guy was hunched over the piano, his fingers flying over the keys and Steve wasn’t sure if he was even paying attention to the keys at all since his eyes were closed. He’d seen people play like this before, but this was something different. Something he couldn’t begin to put his finger on, but it was amazing. It was captivating.
“Look here, Sassmaster Genie.” He pointed at Steve. “While you have a very good point, I am going to risk it.”
He got used to the bot, had even taken to making sure the door was held open until Nuts-N-Bolts could enter the room completely even though Bucky and Clint tried and failed to hold back their snickering everytime he did.
“No, Tony. It’s a request. Just a request. I know you have things that are more important in your life but doing something to give back to the city we constantly destroy. You’re Tony Stark. You could do so much more and make people happy just by showing up.”
Steve fell too hard too fast. Way too fast. Fast as in “this only happens in the movies” fast. Tony had admitted to being worried about that because things were good and he was waiting for the other shoe to drop. Steve told him he was crazy to worry about it, but apparently he had been wrong about that. So here he was moping like a child rather than being an adult, being the bigger person and calling Tony first. He should take initiative, but he was being a coward. And he knew it. Things could get much worse. There was a chance of them getting better, but there was also the chance that nothing would change and they’d still not be speaking to each other.
Tony stayed quiet. He hugged Steve for a moment longer before letting go and then getting on the floor to make the robot dog show off some more tricks. Steve clapped and laughed.
This was not good. Tony knew himself and he knew that all it would take is one slip for him to destroy the friendship he’d developed with the super soldier. It was enough because Steve Rogers saw past the bullshit and still wanted to be friends with him anyway.
“We’re here to rescue you! It took us long enough to fi-” Clint stopped right in the middle of his rescue speech when he caught sight of the both of them and hung his head as he squeezed the bridge of his nose. “Seriously, guys? Can you keep your libidos in check for 24 hours?”
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. “And everyone thought I was going to be the one who was a bad influence on you. Don’t make bets with them.”
“God, Tony,” he whispered breathlessly. Tony grinned and pumped a little faster, squeezing a bit more each time he reached the head, sliding his thumb over the slit as he began to slowly spread precum over Steve’s now very heated cock. Once able to compose himself a little better he opened up the lube and pulled his hand away from Tony’s groin long enough to spread a rather generous amount over his fingers before returning, moving over the shaft once more, sliding his thumb over Tony’s balls before rubbing one slick finger around Tony’s hole, forcing him to catch his breath.
“The only information they have is that he went missing and no one knows much afterwards. Those on the inside believe his plane went down and others have tried to locate him, but nothing proved fruitful. He was declared dead and his body was never recovered.”
“Great. Good. Be here Thursday. It’ll be ready. I need to go finish this now.” He raised the device and wiggled it a little for emphasis.
Their friendship had happened fairly naturally and they ended up spending the majority of their time together. Tony was great at helping Steve get through his science classes and in return, Steve was there to cram art history facts into his brain because Tony was notorious for falling asleep in the middle of anything art related. Unless it had to do with music. Tony would listen to anything from AC/DC to Frank Sinatra to Beethoven when he was working, just as long as there was some sort of background noise.
She stopped, placing her hands on her hips and sighing heavily. “Okay. Fine. You two have been butting heads so much this year because you both changed and are equally threatened by what you see. You think Tony thinks you’re too dumb and Tony thinks you’re too hot and you’re both driving me crazy.”
“Justin Hammer is just a fucking asshole, Steve. I’m going to end up killing him at some point, and I don’t think I’d care if I went to jail for it. The truth is, you shouldn’t have to hide from everyone. The point is, we’re your friends and we don’t care. The rest of these...imbeciles will be long gone by the end of the week.”
Fury cleared his throat, and Steve suspected it was to cover a chuckle. “Let’s just say that he’s yours to deal with and it’s hard to say when this will be reversed. Until such a time, Iron Man is on the bench...for obvious reasons.”
He rested his sweat slicked forehead against Tony’s, body heaving with the force of his breath. He then brought their lips together once more as he began to gently thrust in and out, starting off slow before gradually moving to a quicker pace.
He pinched Steve’s lips together. “Steve, will you stop apologizing? I’m okay. Okay? You should be okay too. Are you okay?”
“What?” Tony asked, not looking at Steve, instead staring down at Obie who wasn’t even attempting to hide the pain he was in any longer, gasping with each breath.
“Tony, shut up.” He quickly kissed him. “Of course I still want to see you. No more secrets though. Do you understand? But this isn’t something I’d stop seeing you over.”
Tony frowned at that. “Maybe.” He looked at the television. “I’m going to take a shower. Pepper will be so proud. Two showers two days in a row. You really are a good influence on me,” he said with a wink. “I’ll be back soon. Don’t fall asleep or leave...unless you’re tired.”
To be fair, the one girl Steve had ever gone on a date with had been so amazing that he fell in love with her almost instantly and their relationship was explosive in every sense of the word. He’d had so much respect for Peggy Carter. She was fiery, smart, beautiful and could make him laugh in ways no one else could. They had become an item near the end of high school and were naive enough to believe that love could withstand anything, including a distance of roughly 2,000 miles. It wasn’t unheard of, but as fate is sometimes known to do, the distance turned into hours and then days and then weeks without them speaking to each other. The ocean was their physical barrier, but their new lives were the couple’s ultimate downfall.
The smile fell from the child’s face and he tilted his head thoughtfully. “My dad keeps saying that you’re dead, but maybe if I tell him I found you he’ll be proud.”
They didn’t talk much on the way to Central Park, mostly because Steve was so fascinated with everything going on around him that he didn’t pay much attention to Tony. Tony just used that time to fire a few texts to Pepper to update her on a few things and she yelled at him for texting because it wasn’t like it was hard to track him down through that means of communication. So Tony was in a bit of a sour mood by the time they showed up.
His head shot around and he looked a bit confused when he saw the strawberry blonde standing in front of him. “Miss Potts?”
Tony took a step back from Steve. “Don’t you think I know that? Don’t you think I’ve been thinking about that since I was old enough to understand what kind of life I’m having? I have to make all sorts of sacrifices just so I can pursue my passion!”
When Bruce was done with the last bandage he turned around and faced Steve, a worried frown evident even under the angry furrow of his brow. “He’s concussed. I had to stitch up his forehead—again. I’ve done the best I can to disinfect all the open wounds and splint his fingers. No identifiable internal bleeding, but his lower ribs appear to be bruised though surprisingly not broken. Uh—“ Bruce rubbed a hand roughly down his face and waved his other hand. “He’s probably in shock, his body just shut down to cope with the injuries. He should be monitored while he rests. I gave him a shot of morphine so he’ll be out for awhile.” Bruce looked down at Tony’s slack face and smiled small and tinged with pity. “He’s not overly fond of being medicated, but—well, he’ll live.”
Rhodey was the first to speak. “We got a message, addressed to Pepper and I…it hinted at finding you so we came.” He shrugged as if that was all it took.
Steve grunted, attention focused mostly on going over the organization's books. “What can I say, I’m lovable,” he said, mind elsewhere as he took notes.
Next came dessert. Dessert being a cake. A cake that Steve wasn’t even jumping out of naked. Tony’s life was so unfair sometimes.
Tony straightened his posture a bit and looked the genie right in the eyes. Even his eyes were blue. Blond hair, blue eyes. Figures.
He heard Tony shouting at his back as he made quick strides to the garage. “You’re still not a Captain!”
His words must have had an effect on Steve because the soldier pulled him into a rough kiss, tongue working its way over parted lips and Tony gave way immediately. His hand kept up the work it was doing on Steve until he could tell Steve was close to the edge. Reaching into his pocket, he turned the toy off abruptly and Steve wasn’t able to stifle the disappointed moan at being denied his release.
He’d long accepted that this was his life now, a firm believer in dealing with the cards you were dealt with, and had no delusions of ever getting out and starting over. There was no going back, no second chances in this line of work, not if you wanted to succeed. So yes, he understood and accepted who he had become but sometimes still, times like now, he found himself burdened by a slight feeling of longing for the days when he didn’t have an organization to run. Longing for a time where he worked his miserable job every day and painted the night away and he wasn’t happy exactly but he’d certainly been less stressed.
Tony gave him a lopsided smile and a short wave, wincing slightly with the motion. This man looked nothing like anyone was used to seeing him, and that included all the publicized scandals caused by his various indiscretions. The billionaire before him wasn’t the handsome young man the world was used to, no, this Stark’s hair was disheveled beyond resembling a rats nest, his face appeared to be one giant bruise interlaced with a few cuts, most prominent the few next to his right eye, the split in his lip and the much larger gash still sluggishly bleeding at his temple. His clothing was tattered and torn, dirty and covered in blood both old and new, and he had what appeared to be a torn up shirt acting as a sling for his left arm. Steve held back a slight wince, could just imagine the other injuries hiding beneath the ratty garments still covering a majority of his thinner than usual body.
“Well you should be! I know you, Tony! I should have known you were doing something to help but I was so focused on being frustrated that you didn’t seem to want to make time for us!”
Tony grinned wickedly. “Why was he impressed or why was he bored? I mean, really, I’m sure he's impressed for the same reason anyone with eyes would be but he’s bored because he gets lonely. Bruce and I can’t give all of our time to him so I told him to go play.”
Tony stared at it for the longest time. He was still smiling but it looked more like a smile of wonder rather than a smile that said he was about to pick on Steve for staring at him far too long to remember that much detail. Tony was quiet when he spoke.
Tony cut him off with a self-depreciating laugh. “This man was more than my mentor, Steve. He was like a father to me. He was there for me when my parents died in that crash. He was there for me even before that—My dad was…not the best father. He was never happy with the things I took interest in, with my accomplishments. He never hugged me or told me he was proud of me or that he fucking loved me.” Tony’s breath stuttered, eyes filled but not spilling over. “Obie did though. He told me he was proud, looked impressed every time I showed him something new. He told me I was going to be a great leader for the company, prepared me for the day when I’d take over more than my dad ever did. He was my role model, the person I looked up to most and this is what I’m left with. His interest in me only extended as far as what I could do for him. Not me, but what my brain could produce and how many billions of dollars each new idea brought in. That’s all I was to him. It’s all I’m good for.”
Tony, who’d been lounging on the couch in the common room with an old book, jumped up from his spot quickly and set the book down, sharing a wide smile with the family butler. “Thanks, Jarvis!”
“Umm why? Did you miss the part where the bed is probably infested with something icky? That didn’t exclude blankets.”
Tony made his way around the room, pulling pieces into to place and noting where things could use an adjustment. “That’s not something I have to do from here, exactly.”
Clint cleared his throat. “No, your dad did not make it. Someone he knows did, and he let all of us live there. It’s really tall, buddy. You’ll love it.”
Steve grabbed Tony’s hand and pulled him closer until their chests were touching. “I missed you too, Tony. Even if you are an idiot.”
“I’d like that,” was Steve’s reply, genuine and with a smile that Tony had said earlier that lit up a room. He’d tried to take it back and then cover it up with a joke, but Steve had semi-graciously accepted it.
Tony’s head was turned toward Steve and he was giving the blond his own smile as if he’d been waiting for him to show up. Steve lifted his hand and gave Tony a small wave and Tony nodded his head as a hello. He smirked before turning back to the piano and carried on playing a tune that would be recognizable to anyone who heard it. Steve, on his part, felt his smile growing and he had no idea that was actually possible at this point.
“I have indeed ‘got this’, as you have so eloquently worded it,” the AI responded with a hint of sarcasm.
The trip through the rest of the warehouse was fast this time around, filled with a silence so weighted that Steve felt almost tethered to the ground. He forced his legs to keep pumping, to keep propelling him forward until they were far enough away that the heat from the buildings explosion only warmed the back of Steve’s neck like a hot breath.
Loki cut off Steve with a wide smirk. “Who says there had to be a reason? I did it because I wanted to. As much as I’d enjoy continuing this chat, I have places to be.” He snapped his fingers, most likely only for show, and was gone in an instant.
“Hold on a second, kid, I’m workin’ on it,” Steve said, a little bit of that Brooklyn twang Tony sort of missed hearing working its way out.
“Don’t blame yourself, Steve. It happened too fast. And besides, I could have just as easily been alone and the result would have been the same.”
The Avengers had honestly given him more in the ways of unconventional learning experiences and he utilized what he knew in his piano performances. He definitely knew how to work a crowd. He was already notorious for being somewhat mischievous and the only reason Howard let it slide was because the general public thought it made him more interesting. If Liberace and Elton John could do it, then so could he.
Tony could see that Bruce wanted to argue with that because Tony was only 25 years old. Yes, he was the CEO of a multi-billion dollar company, a certified genius, a holder of several impressive degrees, a brilliant and innovative creator and had the emotional baggage of someone more suited to be in their 40s at least, but the way he looked at the world sometimes, full of hope and naivety and grandeur, further emphasized how very young he actually was. They were all things Bruce had said to him before in some way or another.
Steve solved the problem for them and took Tony’s hand. “I’ll be back, Tony. I promise. I need to see the country though. Need to learn how to, I guess live again? When I close my eyes all I see are the people I failed. I left Peggy. I couldn’t save Bucky. I almost couldn’t save you, Tony.”
Tony smiled up at Steve and playfully nipped at his bottom lip. “I’ve been waiting for my present all night long, Steve. Don’t you want to give it to me yet?”
“Tony, shut up,” Steve growled, burying his face in Tony’s neck and breathing heavily against it, his composure slipping.
Steve gave his team orders to split up into the crowd and help where they could and to take out anyone they suspected of being HYDRA. Steve himself made his way toward the entrance of SI, weaving through the line of police with not much effort expended when they were mostly distracted with firing back at those firing at them. Steve ducked and weaved until he was at the door, slipped quickly passed a fireman carrying an unconscious man over his shoulder and made his way into the lobby. His eye caught on strawberry blonde hair flashing around the corner followed closely by a balding man in a suit.
“I know exactly what I’m doing, Obie,” Tony lied. So what if he was still trying to figure it all out, trying to cycle through every option he had. Growing up he’d wanted to be like Obie, had modeled himself off of the man, but now, now he wanted to be nothing like him. He didn’t want to become the man who would kick someone when they were already down, who would take advantage of a weak point when they were already in the lead.
It was to rile him up, he could tell by the way Stark would smile excitedly if Steve so much as huffed in annoyance. Bucky had assured him that he could handle the rest of his appointments alone if Steve needed a break from it all, but Steve always turned down the offer. Bucky was his best friend, even if he didn’t need to be there, he wanted to. And, okay, he could admit that as much as Tony annoyed the hell out of him at times, he was also a very attractive man and sometimes Steve really enjoyed the cocky little smile that would show up anytime Steve responded to a particularly out there flirtation. It didn’t mean anything really, because Steve didn’t even have the time to seriously contemplate something so time consuming as a relationship, let alone with a quick witted, loose tongued, smart ass kid.
Steve scowled at that. “No.” He sighed. “Yeah. I guess so. He’s always been leagues ahead of me, but I never worried he’d be bothered that I couldn’t keep up with him until recently.”
Steve pulled away from Tony, though he didn’t go far, hands still resting lightly on the other man’s hips. He spared a brief eye roll in Clint’s direction before turning his attention back to Tony, murmuring softly, “You are the most reckless, idiotic person I know.”
Steve bit into his hot dog and nodded. He didn’t speak until he swallowed because he apparently had manners or something. “This is the most fun I’ve had in...a long time. There isn’t much to do inside a bottle, you know.”
The genius turned his body so he could look at Steve. “I have a history of royally screwing up everything, especially things like this. Everyone knows it.”
Tony unbuckled his seatbelt and opened the passenger door, one foot already out before the door was half a foot opened. “You a good girl, Cap?”
Steve watched as color flooded along the back of Tony’s neck and up to his cheeks. Tony coughed into his hand, eyes turned away from Steve. “Or, not. Stark is fine too. I—“
Steve grinned at Dum Dum and gulped down as much beer as he possibly could as quick as he could. When he was finished he followed after the rest of the group, excited for his own reasons that none of them really knew anything about.
Steve shrugged and did the honors of grabbing a nearby laptop and opening up Bucky’s Netflix queue to distract him as Tony worked. The sounds of Jurassic Park filled the room, punctuated only by the sounds of Tony’s tinkering. Steve found himself watching Tony out of the corner of his eye almost as much as he found himself watching the actual movie playing. He wasn’t saying as much as Steve remembered he used to, but Steve figured that had more to do with the fact that Tony was wary of him now that he knew who Steve was exactly.
Steve walked briskly back onto the waiting elevator and Tony moved to follow. Steve held up a hand. “No. I won’t be here long. Just packing a few necessities before I leave.”
“Steve. Steve, calm down.” Tony pushed himself into a sitting position as best he could and hugged the soldier. “I’m right here. I’ll be here when you wake up in the morning.”
“None of that, Mr Grouchy Pants. It’s something I can fix in a matter of hours. Hopefully you guys have no, ah hm, business, to take care of before dinner.”
Steve’s eyes rolled to the top of his head and he tried not to blush. He failed. “Thanks, Bucky.” He looked back down and gave his friend a hug. For once Bucky returned it instead of groaning about Steve being far too sentimental. “I’ll call you later.”
Tony looked exhausted. Exhausted and more conflicted than Steve had ever seen the youngest Stark. “By saying yes to this, that means that you’ll keep me under the radar, use your skills to help me spy on Obie, gather information that can put him away for a long time. I want to force him into a position where all his lies pile up until he’s practically dug his own grave. I don’t want him to be left with any choice when the cops finally go looking for him.”
Tony felt his face drain at that. He gave him a smile though. “Well you know me. If I’m coming back from the grave I want to make an entrance.”
“Tony. There’s a lot of information here. I’m not sure how bad things are, but Obie is involved in something big.”
Steve squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose, bone deep exhaustion hitting him head on. “Even so, we had a plan and all you did was risk it and risk the safety of everyone else when you got caught. Do you even care?”
He wasn’t having a breakdown here. No, he wasn’t about to. He couldn’t. This wasn’t supposed to be about him. Except Steve’s arms were around him and pulling him back down toward the bed. He was kissing Tony’s head and rubbing his back and holding onto him like his own life depended on it.
“Sacrifices? What? What do you know about sacrificing? You’ve had everything handed to you on a silver platter your entire life. It’s not about making money! I’m risking a lot just to be an artist. There’s no guarantee of success but I do it because I love it. Don’t try to talk to me about sacrifices because I’m working my butt off to have a social life when I’m not studying and working just to pay my tuition!”
“I’m thankful to be part of a team, to be able to right my wrongs and to make some friends.” Natasha had no time for long speeches.
So why was he having this internal panic attack? It wasn’t love. It had to have been a lust thing. It really did. Lust does things to a person’s mind and it was affecting Tony majorly. So it was absolutely not love. Not even something that could become love. It was lust plain and simple.
“Fine by me.” Steve shifted, his arms crossing over his chest, and watched Tony tease the bot for a minute or five. “So…” he waited until Tony looked up at him expectantly, “is he a spy?”
“I told them I’d make sure you and Steve decided to go on a date before we left and they didn’t think I’d be able to so they made a bet with me.”
The rest of the date went nicely and ended on a good note. Steve walked Tony to the front door like the gentleman he was and kissed Tony’s cheek.
“Right,” Steve muttered, then louder, “make a sweep of the house, if he’s not here then get ready to move out. We’ll convene in the debriefing room.”
Steve rolled his eyes, used to the flirtation after the few times the two had interacted on several prior occasions. It was Tony’s M.O. and after the first few times, Steve learned not to let it catch him off guard. “Quiet, Stark.” He muttered to himself, “Where’s a gag when you need one?”
Steve watched as one of the superiors overlooking repairs in that area rushed up eager to shake Tony’s hand. Tony accepted and the man beamed.
Steve held back from moving into Tony’s line of vision (if his eyes happened to open that is). He was ready to stop Tony and kiss him silly for being so insecure and thinking that Steve would ever, could ever give up on him. Pepper had been right about everything.
Tony let out a breath. At least he wasn’t having to pretend anymore. “Well you were trying to have me killed. I think that’s my business. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“In my experience, those who want everyone to fear them tend to be the biggest cowards of them all,” Steve said evenly.
Steve sat in the teacher’s lounge, looking through his students’ self-portraits while the television hummed in the background.
Steve didn’t bother to respond, instead leading the genius to a chair, pressing down on his shoulder with enough force that he had no choice but to sit. “Shut up, Stark. It’s time to talk”.
“Yeah well don’t get all sappy on me now, Cap. We both have come drying in our pants at the moment. I think that kills the romance.”
It wasn’t too terribly long ago that he’d been the kid that everyone bullied because he was smaller, sickly, poor and honest to god reckless. He had no fear and stood up to any bully causing problems for another person, even when he knew most of them could bodily throw him across a room. It wasn’t a life he hated, but he was not going to pretend that the fact he’d had a growth spurt and acquired new and amazing muscles wasn’t the best thing to happen to him. Needless to say, the bullies left him alone after that, and anyone else he felt the need to protect.
The next Sunday Peter woke up Tony the same way. And the Sunday after that. And then again the Sunday after that. Tony learned to just start going to bed earlier on Saturday nights. He had become a slave to his son’s demands, but he couldn’t say he minded all that much. Steve was nice. He was funny. He was a smartass, which Tony loved. They had talked a few times and it was nice having the adult interaction without the pressure of a wedding that wasn’t even his or people asking where the hell their promised designs from Tony were. He even took learning that Tony was Tony Stark, famous billionaire, former playboy, in great stride.
Tony watched his friend as he conversed with his boyfriend. He had forgotten to tell Rhodey that he might be sleeping with Captain America, but now that he was here, he was sure he was doomed to get a lecture from Rhodey.
Steve naked was probably the most beautiful thing Tony had ever seen in his life. Steve was the most beautiful thing Tony had ever seen, but Steve’s cock was at full attention and the genius was not allowing a moment like this to go to waste. He kissed Steve and wrapped a hand around the soldier’s penis, giving it a slow, lazy stroke. For a moment he thought that action alone had made the soldier come, but false alarm. He stroked again and Steve’s hips bucked upward.
The blond didn’t question it, just took the seat at Tony’s side, watched and waited. He noticed the slight shake to Tony’s hand as he reached for the first file folder. The brunet stared at the folder briefly as if willing it to disappear from his grasp or not be filled to the brim with answers to questions he’d probably agonized over these past weeks.
Steve just shook his head. “Do you just prefer for people to think that you don’t care? Tony, I accused you of not caring!”
Nuts-N-Bolts paused his movements, eyes peering up at Steve. “You will not turn me off, Captain. You love me. You are still a jerk,” and gave a particularly hard nip at Steve’s left ankle.
Steve was silent for a few moments. “What if I was the one that made a mistake? It can go both ways but I want us. You. Don’t you think it’s worth a try? We could end up being the greatest thing that ever happened to either of us.”
“Cap, if there’s one thing I know it’s that I mess up. All the time. No matter how hard I try or how good my intentions might be, I end up getting people killed. Or hurt. I end up screwing up, letting everyone around me down. If I did something to make you hate me, I don’t know how I’d...I think I’d hate myself more than I ever thought possible. And I really need to stop talking.”
Steve looked as if he was about to protest but then stopped himself before gave Tony his own smile. “All right.”
Steve shook his head, chuckling bitterly. “So then what we have. That’s just part of your hobby? I have my art, but I am that guy who’s in a band. That guy who needs to grow up. Am I just some phase to you? Something you’ll grow out of?”
Tony then presses two fingers against the base of the vibrator and lightly pushes on it several times, enjoying the way Steve nearly doubles over.
He had to stop and blink. And then blink again. He stared at his reflection in the mirror before slowly turning his head to look at Steve. “Did you do this?”
“Why do you need...you’re…” he scratched his head and really looked at Tony. “Anthony Stark. As in world renowned piano prodigy Anthony Stark?”
Steve stood before he realized he was moving, making his way toward Tony where he placed a hand on the man’s shoulder and steered him until he was sat in an empty chair. Tony looked at Steve in surprise when he didn’t immediately remove his hand but Steve ignored him in favor of addressing the others. “Clear the room. Whatever it is, Tony doesn’t need us looking over his shoulder as he catches up. We’ll reconvene in a few hours.”
HYDRA hadn’t even had Tony for a day this time around, but they were unmerciful. His head was once again bleeding sluggishly, bruises lining his features, painted on almost every inch of skin showing—Steve didn’t even want to think about the bruising that must be under his clothing. A couple of his fingers were bloody and bending at odd angles and Steve squeezed his eyes shut before tucking that hand against Tony’s chest and covering it lightly with his own.
Tony all but thrust the shirt into his outstretched hand, expression gleeful and triumphant. Steve took his time inspecting the fabric for himself before peeling off the shirt he was wearing and replacing it with the one Tony had apparently fabricated. Steve ran his hand down the material on his chest, rolling his shoulders back and forward. “This fits nicely. Comfortable, doesn’t seem to hinder any movements.” Steve fingered the fabric at his waist. “It feels good.”
Tony kept walking, a bit faster. Steve sped up to keep pace, “Calm down, Captain. It’s being taken care of. Now, we might need to move just a little bit faster—“ He glanced down at his watch and picked up his speed a significant amount, “or a lot faster.” He burst through the stairwell and started racing down them, “Stairs! Faster! Come on, Steve! JARVIS! Anyone else still up there?”
Somewhat unsteady, he reached the shoreline and found quite a bit of debris that had washed up, but nothing that he seemed to actually need. That stripper pole? Well, he might be able to find some use for it. He located a few items he could use as tools and a few unopened bags of peanuts. Extraordinary.
Tony nodded. “Fair enough.” Steve hadn’t even blinked when Tony made a comment about being a rich, spoiled brat and didn’t comment any further on it. Tony generally mentioned his wealth when he felt like people might be getting too close to gauge their reactions to the news. It helped to determine if people liked him for who he was or if it was because of his money. Rhodey passed the test right away and Steve did too.
“Peter would be happy if you showed up. Like I said, if we’re going to do this, I want Peter to have as much time with you as I do.”
Steve laughed softly, pressing another kiss to Tony’s lips. “You can, but just know that I don’t plan on putting out again until the third date.”
When they reached Tony’s temporary bedroom, Steve had to take a moment to figure out when an explosion might have occurred. There were tools everywhere. Each of them took turns spending time with Tony while he worked to make sure he wouldn’t get hurt, but everyone knew Tony preferred Steve’s presence.
“Wh--how did you know I...what the hell. And what do you mean sidekick? I am not a sidekick! I am a frontrunner. I am...why are you laughing?”
He didn’t have to wait long, all three men shuffling into the room about 4 minutes later. Thor was the first to speak, pulling a chair out and collapsing into it. ”Greetings, Captain. Dr. Banner. Tony. Our trip turned out to be plentiful in the way of news.”
Steve nodded once but couldn’t bring himself to move, and Tony seemed to be having mixed emotions on the idea as well. And wow. When had they gotten so close to each other?
Tony laughed and poked at Steve’s ridiculously sculpted chest “And I’ll try with you even if you are the biggest jerk to walk the planet.”
If he ever made it out of here, he was going to give Obie pure hell for making him go on this business trip. Until then…
He pointed at Natasha and Clint. “I can provide you both with disguises and set you up with jobs working in the building. It won’t be too hard to pull it off seeing as Stark Industries goes through interns and employees and consultants like water goes through gills.  When you’re in, that flash drive will provide you with passwords, account numbers, etcetera etcetera. Play your parts well and nobody will be the wiser. There will also be comm units and subtle under armor for protection. Lightweight, not bulky, bulletproof.  Also, JARVIS will be with you once you enter the building. You’ll need to plug that drive into one of the main computers and enter the first password on the list when prompted to connect with him. From then on, he’ll be there to help you out.”
When he was yanked into a hard kiss, Tony decided he would definitely be telling Steve just how much he loved him more often from now on.
Tony grinned and walked over to Steve to pull him into a hug. “I should start making you go to these things since you know my actual identity now.”
Tony, for his part, could do nothing more than stand there in shocked silence. This was the opposite of what he’d wanted today. He’d planned on having a relaxing afternoon with Steve. He’d wanted to watch a movie and have some popcorn and just do a normal thing for once in his life. That was apparently too much to ask for though. Instead he ran off one of the best things that had ever happened to him because he’d rather fight than admit he was wrong or that there was any sort of error in anything he said. He was far too proud for that.
They stood there in awkward silence before Steve found himself crushing Tony in a hug. The genius flailed for a moment but patted the blond’s back after a moment. Finally Steve let go.
“Congratulations on getting married. Tony really seemed excited about being part of the planning process.”
Clint finally snapped his vest into place and struck a heroic pose. “Again, as remarkable as this feels, which, yeah nice, I feel like we aren’t emphasizing how this doesn’t get him out of Christmas presents. Come one people, personalized arrows!”
“I thought I’d never get to see you again. Losing everyone is hard. Losing someone you love on Christmas...that has to be harder.”
Steve smiled. “Good. One day you’ll realize how much you underestimate yourself too. Like I said, I’m stubborn and I won’t back down.” He kissed Tony’s forehead, his nose, his lips.
Steve notice it right away and felt the blush on his face, hoping it just blended in with how flushed his face already was. “I just...sorry. That was...I’ve never.” Tony’s smirk was not helping him feel any less embarrassed. “I’ve never done that with another man. I’ve never done that before with anyone.”
Steve rolled his eyes and helped Tony down from the table, laughing silently. “I know. And you, sir, do not eat enough.”
The genius continued to show off by lifting both pieces and lifting up from the ground. Steve watched with a smile and laughed. He wasn’t sure if Tony would show up and he thought maybe he’d been a little too hard on the billionaire.
Steve was thinking of Tony and wondering if Tony would remember him...or even recognize him. He was sort of hoping so because he had been nothing if not intrigued by the guy after their brief initial meeting. He tried to tell himself he felt bad for intruding on what he had assumed was a private session, but he found himself hoping for an encore.
Tony winced, eyes filling with tears he refused to shed. He focused his eyes on the wall across from him. “And I wasn’t?”
Tony needed to file that away for later. It wasn’t a good time to let his emotions get the better of him. “Is that what you’re going to do to me too?”
“It’s not like you to not double check and make sure the place is empty before you start something like this.”
As slowly as he could he pushed himself into a sitting position, pulling his legs up just enough to allow him to bury his head between his knees and allowing his eyes to gradually adjust to the brightness. When he was finally able to clear his vision he looked up, squinting heavily, taking in his surroundings. He only hoped that what he was looking at was a beach and not a mirage of one. If he was hallucinating it was one hell of a hallucination. The slight breeze he was finally feeling from the sea, the sounds of birds, the sight of pieces of a plane that crashed into the water. Yep. This had to be real. He was definitely having memories of something going wrong during his flight and realizing they were quickly going down. He frowned as he realized what that meant, but he was mostly curious about how he ended up on this island and what the fate of the rest the crew had been. When he had his bearings a little better, he stood with the intention of walking towards the beach to get a closer look at anything possibly salvageable, maybe a radio and some food.
Steve’s mouth popped open, brows drawn in as he watched it. “What….what’s going on here?” he asked again to the empty room.
Steve grabbed Tony’s hand, holding firmly onto it as they waited for the elevator to get up to Tony’s penthouse. Neither of them were sure how to end their first date. They were both smiling like idiots and walked out of the elevator as the doors opened.
“I’m not looking for a bomb. I’m looking for a reliable supply," Steve assured him. “Weapons. Plus armor for protection. I want to keep my team safe. I want to have the upper hand on HYDRA. They’ve been a problem for far too long and I want to take them out of the equation. As much as you don’t need the ego boost, your products are the best out there. Ten thousand times more reliable than the Hammer tech we somehow ended up with. Help me, help you.”
Tony looked like he was about to protest even further, but he dropped his shoulders and turned. “You’ll have your weapons and armor soon. I have work to do. See you around, Rogers.”
Finally Tony pulled away and looked up. “I have to get the taste of this emotional therapeutic stuff off my tongue. I can’t believe I was just the professional in this conversation. My therapist better be fucking impressed.”
“You know, Tony…” Bruce started and stopped. Tony frowned until Bruce tried again. “I have enjoyed working with you.”
Tony shrugged, grinning. “Well you didn’t die so that was a definite plus.” He reached for Steve’s hand.
“The same way you’re telling him you’re terrified that he’s going to look down on you because he’s got all this newfound confidence, which is totally fake by the way, and will think that you’re just an idiot not worth talking to?”
Tony wraps arms around Steve’s neck and presses a leg between the soldier’s, thigh pressing right up against Steve’s crotch. He starts dancing slowly to the beat, leg moving against Steve’s cock. Steve’s arms wrap around Tony’s waist, helping him achieve that desired friction he so desperately needs before Tony turns the vibrator onto its highest setting and Steve nearly falls over.
“The look on your face will make people party less and cry harder. You look like someone kicked your puppy. It’s awful.”
The genius looked up from the box of hooks and to Steve. “Uh...I think we just used to have people do that for us. Can’t I just watch?”
“Tony’s pretty excited too,” Pepper chimed in. “Not that he’ll admit it, but you can see it in his eyes. Probably because you’ll be really close to each other, but what do I know?” She winked.
“I wish you could remember, Steve,” he muttered as he grabbed the prototype he’d been working on quickly and put it over his hand, his palm facing the larger man. When Obie laughed again, Tony fired. He hadn’t even tested the repulsors on the suit he was putting together, so he wasn’t prepared for how hard he was going to be thrown back or the sudden paralysis he was feeling.
Steve tried to look at Tony without moving his head too much. Tony sighed loudly. “A rock band. I’ve been in a rock band for like a year.” The truth was out. Might as well go all the way with it.
Tony rolled his eyes with a scoff. “My mind.” He held out his hands. “These babies helped. I made him.”
Steve sighed and pulled the genius closer to him, despite the fact that he wasn’t particularly comfortable himself, but they were both tired and cranky. Tony wanted to protest but he found he couldn’t once he and Steve were huddled together again. Steve rested his face in Tony’s curls and Tony’s arm wrapped around the soldier’s lower back. This was comfortable. Familiar. Intimate. Maybe a little too intimate.
Some people mistook his general kindness for mercy, for weakness, and thought they could evade him when it came time to pay up what was owed to him. He hated when they did that, hated having his hand forced. Chasing them down was time consuming and tiresome, and while Natasha and Bucky were very good at making people understand the situation they were in using minimal force, there were always the odd ones in the bunch who tried again and again to pull one over on Steve to the point where he couldn’t turn back, couldn’t let them slide anymore lest he began to look weak willed.
“You’re nothing if not prepared, Tony Stark,” he replied softly, taking the small packet away from Tony. “But you’re not ready for that yet.”
Natasha at least attempted to be sympathetic. “Just so you know, we’re really happy that you have found someone. Tony’s never been this happy in the entire amount of time that I’ve known him.”
Bucky was the next to enter, bearing gifts of the alcoholic variety while Gabe came in right behind him with beer steins and shot glasses for all of them, followed immediately by Falsworth and Jacques. This was a tradition and in no way punk rock. Especially when Dum Dum started belting out an Irish drinking song while Bucky dispensed even amounts of beer and pouring shots for each of them. After making sure everyone, especially Steve, had their poison of the night in front of them, Bucky lifted his shot glass.
“Hopefully not become a bitter, controlling man like you.” That slipped out and Tony hadn’t meant for it to.
Steve was still staring when a very British voice came as if from everywhere all at once. “The man you know as Johann Schmidt appears to be causing a disturbance on sublevel C in the main server room.”
“We’re going to have a conversation about your sass later, Steve the genie. Right now I’m taking a shower and processing the shock of this.” He pushed past Steve and made a beeline for the shower before he halted and then turned around again. He looked Steve right in the eye and pointed. “No peeking.”
Steve elbowed Tony just a little under the blankets, grinning. “Our first official date will not be at McDonald’s, Tony.”
Needless to say, the problem was eventually taken care of and the turkeys were returned to their normal sizes and injuries were minimal. The idiot civilians were back in their homes and midtown was back to business as usual not long after.
Steve was currently mandhandling him into the bedroom though, and that was one action he was more than okay with.
“Whoa. Okay. Steve, calm down. They’re more worried I’m going to turn into the heartless playboy I used to be. Or that my insecurities will get the better of me. I’m Tony Stark. I don’t have any insecurities.”
“I asked myself the same thing but I didn’t, Pepper!” He looked over at the genie who was now scowling as he was still trying to get the hang of chopsticks and grinned. Steve’s tongue was poked out and he had a look of pure determination on his face but when he caught Tony watching him he stopped and smiled back. Tony shot him a wink and the blond blushed.
Steve took a breath, tried to calm himself. “Do you think Natasha was pretending to be angry, to feel upset when she had to share the information they found with you? Do you think she’d still let it bother her if she didn’t care even a little bit about what happens to you? Do you expect me to believe that that the friendship you’ve developed with Bucky isn’t real? That he only trusts you so completely with his well being that he took a nap the last time you were working on his arm because you made him a new gun? What about all the nights I’ve caught you, Sam, Clint and Thor piled together playing Mario cart on the couch? Was that all a product of the thing’s you’ve made for them?” Steve took another halting step forward. “If I or anyone else didn’t want you here, you wouldn’t be here, in my office and in my home, no matter what it is or was that you offered me.”
“That was so hot, Steve,” Tony says with a low, rough voice, straining to brace some of Steve’s weight against him. He’s so hard himself that he’s definitely ready to go home. “We’re leaving the vibrator in and on at full speed and you’re going to fuck me into the mattress the moment we get to our bedroom. I won’t be turning it off after the first time you come though, so you think you can handle that?”
“It’s…” Tony paused. “I love it but I do it for fun. It's just a hobby. I can live without doing these things, but I enjoy the distraction. I wouldn't want to end up being that guy who's just in a band.”
Steve was already blushing when he stood up to grab his guitar. Tony was pleased to take note of this and filed all of Steve’s blushes away as one of the most adorable things Steve does.
This answer surprised Tony because Steve was always hesitant about showing his work to anyone, including Tony. He always said his drawings were never finished, never ready to be seen by others. Reaching for the book, Tony swallowed only somewhat nervously because the complete look of trust on Steve’s face was just another precious moment, a time when the soldier was telling the genius he loved him and trusted him enough with things he generally preferred to keep private.
Steve returned to the tower, exhausted physically and emotionally and without hide nor hair of Bucky. He thought he was going to be successful this time, and he had found his old friend. The shell of his old friend. He ended up having a fairly one-sided conversation with the brainwashed assassin. It had not gone as well as he would have liked.
“I have yet to find something about you that I don’t like,” Steve responded honestly. Tony was surprised by the utterly earnest look on Steve’s face when he said that.
Tony beamed proudly. “Thank you. I really can’t wait for my dad to see you again. He’s always grumpy when he can’t find you, and I found you before he did. Do you think he’ll like me more when he sees that I have you?”
Tony nodded and gave his boyfriend a small smile. “So, I guess I should come on up. I thought it was earlier than this.”
“What? I am.” He looked down and realized he had somehow changed his face into Tony’s without even realizing it. “Oh.”
“Hey, Tony,” a voice that sounded a lot like Steve’s said quietly. When a face came into view it confirmed Tony’s notion that it was Steve talking to him. He looked sad. He looked tired. He looked worried. Tony didn’t like any of these looks on Steve because that meant Steve was upset about something.
The stories would follow from there, whether it was Howards riddled with jokes and a little smugness about his involvement in Project Rebirth or Peggys that had the fond and slightly nostalgic energy of someone remembering a lost loved one. Tony always left the evening feeling closer to a person he never met. He admired Steve Rogers not because he was a hero but because he was a humble man who became one.
Captain America was a hero. Ask anyone on the streets or the moon if you so desired; the answer would be the same. The reasons might have varied slightly depending on who you chose to question, but Captain America was a hero.
“I suspected you might have needed a bit more time to adjust to being in shared spaces again.” Tony watched as T’challas’s dark eyes roamed around his workshop. The king’s lips twitched upwards as he scanned the room with an almost sentimental look about him. Tony wondered if he was thinking of his sister’s lab back home. They sat in comfortable silence for a while before T’challa turned back to him. He studied Tony for a few moments before saying softly, “I don’t think they will behave the way you imagine, Tony.”
“You know I am glad to see you for many reasons,” he said earnestly. “The main one being that you gave me an out from what was sure to be the most awkward interaction of my life.” T’challa undid the button of his suit as he settled onto the stool.
“I’m sure,” Tony said blandly. His eyes had caught Clint standing from the love seat and grabbing another beer before making his way over to them. He also appeared to be in an amicable mood as he held out his hand for Tony to shake. Tony hesitated for only a moment before bringing his hand to meet Clint’s. Clint’s grip was surprisingly tight, and for a second, Tony thought he had misread him when he approached. However, when he met Clint’s gaze, he seemed to be a bit sheepish.
Tony was feeling a little unsteady as he stood shoulder to shoulder with Rhodey and Vision. They were waiting for the sound of engines in the air to signal the return of their… friends? Tony didn’t even know how to refer to the people he lived with for most of the last four years. He didn’t agonize over it too much for the time being. He would know within the next half hour how he had to play this. He had prepared himself for any number of responses from his old teammates. It essentially boiled down to two different strategies:
“Yeah, but that wasn’t on you, really,” he added, crossing his feet on top of the table. The three of them had ambled their way over as he spoke, and Natasha and Rhoades both pulled out chairs as well. “It was a shit situation for all involved - that much I know.”
“Rhodey is gonna be livid that we left him to do the awkward greetings without back up. Vision is the best, but he needs a little work when it comes to reading a room.” Tony would get an earful before the end of the day, he was sure.
His end goal was to bring them back to the compound, and with their return date fast approaching - came a few complications. The biggest one being that Tony doubted he could bear to look at any of them and see the disgust on their faces. They must blame him for all of it, and he could understand a bit of it. He wasn’t infallible, but he didn’t make them do anything. Tony did everything he could for all of them, and they threw it in his face at that airport.
But before he knew it, they were all going their separate ways as if nothing had happened. Tony guessed that was Fury’s intention in the first place. They only needed to see each other when they had to ‘fight the battles they never could.’ That was all he had a right to hope for anyway.
So he shook Steves’s hand and told them all that if they ever wanted to stay at the tower after he rebuilt, they were welcome. After that, he went back to Miami and had the occasional panic attack about what he saw through that portal. He pulled away and eventually broke up with Pepper because of it, and even though he didn’t want to admit it, he was constantly thinking about Steve. When Killian showed up, Tony had a split second when he thought about calling in the Avengers. But what if he called and they didn’t come? He would have been humiliated and more hurt than was probably reasonable. So to avoid being let down, he didn’t even try. He had Rhodey, and they made it out with only a few scrapes and bruises as long as you didn’t count the suits.
He didn’t believe that last response was likely, but he could dream, right? Nevertheless, he promised himself that he wouldn’t let them in the way that he had before. It was even more imperative that he never reveal just how badly it hurt him when they left.
Forgive me, Tony,” Vision said as softly as Tony had ever heard him speak. “But I don’t believe they will act as you expect they might.”
The letter and phone he had gotten in the mail a few days after the falling out only twisted the knife. Thinking about Steve sitting in Wakanda with the family he claimed he never fit into - sure. That’s why they all chose him in the end, right? And still, It was pathetic how much tony still cared. If Ross ever found out that he ran audio and visual interference on the Raft just long enough for them to escape, he would be in his own cell right now.
Tony knew that he had a dilemma on his hands while the group of them ate shawarma after all was said and done. There was a feeling of disquiet when he thought back on Steve’s dirt-smeared face looking down at him. The sight itself was certainly not the problem; it was Tony’s reaction to it. His heart had sped up, and his body felt lighter. Steve had smiled at him, and all Tony wanted was for him to do it again.
Barnes kept his reaction minimal, but he had obviously not been counting on that. Barnes studied him for a moment, trying to figure out if he was genuine, Tony supposed. Then, after a few seconds, he seemed satisfied with what he found and nodded back.
Though Ross wasn’t having the time of his life anyway, the combined force of Tony and T’challa was a bit more than he had bargained for, it seemed. As a result, he was losing traction with the UN. Tony explained why the Rogues had refused to stand down during the ‘civil war’ - as the press was calling it. It was surprisingly easy to make the delegates see their side after learning that there was an army of super-soldiers at Zemo’s disposal. If he had intended to use rather than kill them, they would have needed the Avengers to help.
“What?” T’challa asked sarcastically. “I assumed you would be glad to see me.” Tony laughed quietly as he took a seat at his work table. He shoved another stool from under the table, and T’challa took it with yet another mischievous smile. Tony didn’t know kings were capable of behaving this way.
That complicated things for Tony in multiple ways. He was so used to being alone that having five new roommates was a bit of an adjustment. It didn’t help that all of these new roommates had almost as much baggage as he did. The trust issues alone were a huge challenge, but they had to work through it if they were going to get rid of Hydra. It was slow going for a long time, but once they became familiar with each other and broke past the initial discomfort, it was a whole new ball game. They fell into a rhythm on and off mission.
Tony told himself sternly. This is what he was used to - Hell, what he was best at. He had always had to pretend not to care about Steve. How much harder could it be to keep the rest of them at arm’s length too?
“Shellhead,” she said softly as she lifted her arms - giving Tony the option to refuse her embrace. But, instead, he huffed a small laugh and wrapped his arms around her. She squeezed his shoulders before leaning back and looking him over. “You look tired.”
He knew that it would be hard to be with them if they weren’t happy with him but he didn’t really think to consider the trouble he would have if they were. Well, I’m a genius - he would figure it out.
They didn’t sound agitated or hostile at all, which was a good sign. Maybe that’s just because you haven’t walked in yet. God, how was he going to do this? He spent countless hours worrying about this and making plans in his head just to fall apart when the moment came. No, you know how you are going to do this. You don’t care, remember?
Tony was exhausted. It felt like he was living the same day over and over again. He couldn't remember the last time he did something that didn’t involve the Accords somehow. Meetings with the UN were going surprisingly well of late with the help of T’challa.
As for a certain captain - nothing more than the bare minimum would be given. It wasn’t Tony being petty, he
Tony Stark knew this as if he was born with the knowledge. It was interesting to grow up surrounded by people who fought beside him. From what he could tell, Captain America was a man who deserved the world but instead gave himself up to save it. The constant tales of the skinny boy from Brooklyn who tried several times to enlist or the juiced-up super-soldier who had Hitler on the run never really lost their intrigue. It surprised Tony more than anyone else. His house was not always one that exerted warmth, but a surefire way to draw people into a conversion was to bring up Steve Rogers.
“Tony, I promise you that they missed you just as much as you did them.” He held up a hand before Tony could argue. “I have lived with them for the better part of a year now, and if they don’t greet you as I expect,” the king thought for a moment, “I will allow you to call me KitKat as much as you’d like with no dispute from me.”
“We appreciate everything you have done, Tony. More than we will probably ever be able to tell you.” She was sincere, but Tony doubted everyone would share that view of things. Nat seemed to gather this from his expression even though he had done his best not to react. “Everyone,” she added firmly.
And later, his heart plummeted when he watched Steve fall from the sky into the Potomac. Tony wasn’t thrilled to be right about Sheild being untrustworthy, but now the Avengers had a purpose besides waiting for the big baddies. Taking down Hydra became a 24/7 operation, and the tower was home base. Stark Tower became the Avengers Tower, and almost every member of the team was within its walls at any given time.
I do not have a specific schedule for this story, as you may have noticed. It all depends on when I have time to write and if my brain feels like cooperating simultaneously. It's a coin toss, really, lol. Let me know what you think; I'm always happy to receive feedback to know if there is still interest despite my random updating. I hope you liked this chapter! Good that, Brooke.
Tony sighed as dramatically as he could manage before tossing his screwdriver to the side. “How can I let a deal like that go by?” he said wearily. Finally, he forced himself to stand and put on his game face.
He couldn’t look up at the jet, so he looked at briefly Rhodey instead. When he finally dared to peek in the direction of his old teammates, he found a genuine small spread across his face. T’challa returned it warmly and greeted Vision and Rhodey with firm handshakes before turning to Tony.
Rhodey was leaning against the wall beside the doorway as T’challa and Tony rounded the corner. He smiled softly and leaned up a bit when Tony stopped beside him. T’challa patted Tony on the back rather discreetly before making his way into the room where the team seemed to be lounging around, talking. He took the drink Natasha offered to him before he joined a conversion between Clint and Sam.
If they were hostile, he would avoid and ignore as much as possible. When he had no choice but to interact with them, his go-to would be coldly detached.
Sam had come up behind Clint and slapped the man’s shoulder before taking the seat across from him. Tony didn’t know Sam all that well before everything happened, but they had always been friendly toward one another. That’s why when Sam nodded at him, Tony had no problem returning it. Sam looked around the room happily before saying to no one in particular, “I missed this place.” Tony put his hands in his pockets and nodded.
“Jesus, Barton,” Natasha said sarcastically. “Don’t hurt yourself.” Clint glared at her for a moment before glancing back at Tony. He huffed out a breath and tried once more.
At least, that’s what he tried to tell himself. As long as Tony didn’t make it harder for himself - he would be silently resigned. He would love Steve Rogers, and it would ache if he thought about it too much, but he couldn’t go back now. He was in too deep, and there was too much at stake for him to let his feelings get in the way. He was able to have Steve in his life, and that was more than he had ever dared to hope for. So Tony kept him at arm’s length, never letting him get too close. Group settings were the easiest place to navigate being around him, and luckily for Tony, it was also the most common place he would see him anyway. He made his life as painless as it could be. When you love someone who doesn’t love you back, you can only do so much. It took him a while to settle into it, but it was the happiest he could ever remember being.
P.S. I also apologize for the inconsistency in terms of page layout. I still haven't gotten used to AO3's mechanics. Not sure if I will ever be able to figure it out be I will keep trying lol
“Funny,” Tony said doubtful, “That is almost exactly what Vision said.” He twisted a screwdriver around in his hand as the king continued to look at him. After a minute, Tony chuckled, and T’challa looked at him questioningly.
“Hey, man.” He said seriously. “I - uh, I said a few things the last time we met that I didn’t - “ Clint cleared his throat and broke eye contact with Tony before starting again. “Well, - “
It was the beginning of a beautiful friendship, as they say. T’challa and Tony spoke every day for the following six months, whether it be strategizing about UN negotiations or T’challa updating Tony on the Rogues. Tony gave up pretending not to care about two weeks after their first phone call. The king would have none of it, so he figured he might as well save his breath.
So when Barnes continued to gaze at him reproachfully, Tony simply nodded his head once before offering the briefest of thin-lipped smiles.
The King had gotten in touch three days after Siberia. Tony had been on his way to the Compound to help Rhodey with physical therapy when he answered the call.
By the time Tony huffed out a breath and told the king to lead the way, T’challa had plastered a friendly smile back on his face. Tony would just have to see for himself.
“Being the only active avenger to work with the UN on a three thousand page document to get you back in the country does that to a person.” Rhodey didn’t sound sardonic or even very angry. He simply spoke as if making an observation.
Before he could tell that to the kid, though, the door opened and a tall blonde man came in, eyes tired with dark circles around them, but a smile so bright on his lips that Tony was about to close his eyes again.
”What do you think?” Tony threw his hands in the air, before grinning smugly. ”Your dick, of course. It has to be like
He didn’t know where he was. There was a warm body against his back, which was odd. All he remembered from his off time was the cold. It had always been so unbearably cold. He suppressed a shutter and choked out another cough.
Speaking of the devil, Tony found Sam sitting on one of the bar chairs, sipping something that looked like something between chocolate milk and a smoothie. Tony had no urge to ask what
Sam acted as if Tony hadn’t been the one nearly dying and then bending backwards to get them out of prison and clear their bad reputations. He didn’t expect them to bring him thank you  baskets, but a little appreciation wouldn’t hurt either.
It was an expensive car, so that’s a plus. But it was just boring silver and it had a child safety seat in the back. Tony was about ready to let himself be driven over. There just was no way that his life was like that now.
“Sometimes I wish the sun wouldn’t go down,” he stated, waiting for Steve to find his own context to that. Explaining feeling were hard. Harder than making vague statements anyway.
He just saw the weird angle, the blood on his fingers and how much time had passed since he last ate, but there was no other indicator. It was as if his whole body was on standby mode and Tony really didn’t care. Anything was better than feeling the constant aching pain deep inside of him. If his only way out of this suffering was not to feel at all, than yeah okay.
“Thanks for asking, though, but really. I am all okay. Now look at the time, I really need to be —,” the elevator doors closed before he had to think of yet another lie. He didn’t need to be anywhere, in fact, his workshop had been
That was easier thought than done, though. He had no idea how to be a father. He didn’t know what to do with the kid.
Because no matter how hard Tony tried to act natural and as if everything was normal, the others seem to start to realize something was up. He tried to ignore it when they looked at him longer than usual. He
His next attempt had been to turn his head and try to listen, see if anyone was still here, or if whoever he went home with had left him alone.
He choked on his next breath, feeling sharp pain all over, burning through his veins and then just double in intensity once it reached his head.
Tony decided to take it as further proof that he had chosen the right approach. Be an asshole, show everybody that it would
“I always wanted to know, but nobody ever took the time to explain it to me. You seem like you would.”
Tony raised one eyebrow, deciding not to fight him on that right now, though. He’d rant about it later. ”Are we in my Malibu house?”
But that moment in the kitchen at 3 am in the morning, when Bucky poured coffee into a cup for himself and then totally understandingly filled one for Tony too, with two sugars and three spoonfuls of milk. Bucky then sat down on the sofa beside him, looking at him thoughtfully before spilling that he was sorry - the first apology which didn’t sound like a lie, unlike all the others Tony had to hear from the rest of the team. Tony could still see it in front of him, how honest Bucky looked at him, told him that he was really sorry for everything.
. Everything bad that is. But it was like it was oddly dimmed, as if his body had drawn a line too, as to how much misery he could feel.
“I thought it was lying, Tony.” Tony huffed, yeah Steve sure had hoped it did. “I thought it was mocking me.” Steve looked him right in the eyes but still seemed really far away. “It had always told the others things to hurt them. Things only you knew so they wouldn’t question it right away. I had thought it was doing the same thing to me.”
He looked at Peter a bit closely. It was so weird, because now that he actually looked, he could see his own features there, too. Peter had definitely his nose, a lot smaller and softer, but undoubtedly his.  He had light brown curls of hair on top of his head, and his shirt had a little stain of tomato sauce, on the rim and it was also a little bit on his cheek.
“You are serious.” It wasn’t a question, it was more of a breathless realization. Tony felt the need to answer anyway, “Yeah, caffeine really turns me into a sap.”
Tony leaned back in his chair, feeling like he now saw everything in a different light and angle than before. ”Isn’t he a bit young to be reading?”
He needed answers though and he really didn’t want to ask Rogers about them. He couldn’t trust him. He didn’t trust
”Just?” Tony prompted, sick of the silence, that was only broken by the deep, calculated breaths Rogers took to calm himself down. It gave Tony too much time to think.
“Yeah sure, no problem, T. But I tell you if it’s about the coffee, I am not the only one drinking it, okay? I don’t have a coffee problem, not a serious one anyway.”
And then they just stood there for the longest 5 minutes of Tony’s life, studying the floor, counting the cups on the shelf, planning exit routes, until Natasha finally took mercy on them all and broke the tensed silence.
“No, you don’t. You feel happy and think it’s everything.” He didn’t sound accusing, just maybe a hint of bitter. His body language reminded him of his mother. Always loyal, always strong, always breaking.
Tony swallowed heavily and then went back to put his not — caring mask on. Two faced people only had a chance of hurting him, when he let them come too close.
Steve looked like he was in-between spilling all the beans in existence or staying silent forever, until he took a breath so deep, Tony couldn’t help but to wonder how deep this man’s lungs were. He hoped that when his furniture wouldn’t fly around when Cap exhaled.
looked back up and then got up slowly, walking closer to Tony, expression open and determined. ”I was born on the July 4th, 1984.”
Tony laughed, liking how it felt to finally do that again. He didn’t remember the last time he had felt this light. Maybe it was just an adrenal high, but he was actually feeling really okay right now. As if he could beat anything that came his way, step by step.
“How does it make you feel, that your parents are worried about you?” She looked at him through thick glasses, searching his face for something, but he couldn’t say what.
”It’s been 2 weeks and you still haven’t really asked me anything about our lives, or marriage, or our child. I just — I think it would help you to know things about us?”
“You skipped like all your meals for 4 fucking months!” Clint snapped. Tony didn’t see this outburst coming at all. Like, he
He held the plate as if it was something important and Tony didn’t get it. Might never get it. For him this plate was just one of the many reminders that he had lost something that he would have considered
”Oh, you have humor now,” Tony deadpanned as an answer and then threw a grin his way to show him that he was kidding. He was still surprised, though.
His coffee didn’t taste sweet at all. Tony liked it. No need to hide the truth behind sugar, his life was bitter.
Tony took another deep sip from the bottle in his hand, looking vaguely at one of the two Rhodeys he saw in front of him.
“Rhodes?” Tony turned to his side and looked over to his best friend, who sat on one of the kitchen chairs, in front of him were about ten open books spread out and he had his head in his hands, trying to concentrate, before Tony called him.
He stared at the mess in front of him, gaping like he couldn’t believe what just happened, and he really couldn’t. He couldn’t grasp anything right now, really.
”Jesus, Steve,” was all Tony could make himself say. He didn’t know the context to it either, it’s just —
Tony nodded and his head in his hands, trying to breath and find a clear thought. All he saw over and over again was Clint’s pained expression.
Steve threw him the most unbelieving gaze that had ever been thrown his way and answered nothing. He just kept looking like he tried to figure Tony out like a puzzle, till he seemed to have found his answer, his expression shift to something determined, and began to stand up.
Tony avoided Steve for a total of 2 weeks in which he only slept a few hours every third day, circles around his eyes so dark you could think he was wearing shades.
Rogers didn’t seem to think that this was the end, though. He looked devastated but ready to try anything humanly possible to turn this whole thing around. Tony didn’t think that they’d find a way, but he kept his mouth shut, leaving Rogers to reach that conclusion on his own.
“I grew up like that, I spend my whole life feeling things,” Steve answered with a sigh. His eyes looked equally determined and pained.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Stark, but do you honestly expect us to believe that you invented this machine for one of your bodyguards, who conveniently appeared, despite the fact that you —”
Was it possible, considering that he couldn’t love anyway? He’d be disappointed for sure, but it wasn’t as if he would feel any different then he did now, would he?
But how could he? Now that he knew what all those people felt, how could he turn it off? It wasn’t as if he took all their emotions away, just a little bit of the one they didn’t want to have anymore.
Tall Blonde seemed to get that he was serious. He also seemed to hate to realize that Tony wasn’t joking just now. He just paled even further and then sucked in a deep breath of air, seemingly trying to gather all of his calmness, trying his best not to freak out, right here with Tony.
Same with Sam, but a bit icier, as if they were only on the edge between gentle teasing and ripping each other’s heads off. But that could be because he didn’t know him as well and still didn’t really know exactly
Tony’s eyes wandered to his left hand, inspecting the ring before pulling it off, feeling as if it would burn his skin if he left it on one second longer. He shouldn’t be wearing it. He didn’t want to. He didn’t belong to anyone, he wasn’t married. His mind-set wasn’t, anyway.
He wasn’t successful with it yet, though, he heard the kid ask his father every night why his Daddy didn’t read his night — night stories anymore.
He was in the middle of overthinking and a talking himself into the panic attack of his life when Natasha come into the common living room too, watching him with a raised eyebrow.
Tony didn’t really look too much into it though. He just wanted to make it happen, not know who or what. His last thought about this whole thing was that will all work out.
With that he walked to the elevator as quickly as he could without it being considered running, not that Natasha even tried to go after him. She had always seemed to watch him, she’d always been there when he was in the common rooms, always there not really saying anything about it really, but observing. Tony had no illusion that she needed to ask or talk to get all the info she wanted; he never felt more exposed, raw, and stripped down in his life.
Tony clenched his eyes together, trying to find the words to say while his brain went into blackout mode, “You — you.” Was finally the only thing that came past his lips.
Peter didn’t say anything for a long while, but then he just nodded softly. ”But when he feels better, he will read in the dinosaur voices again, yes?”
But now? Tony shook his head and turned to lie on his back. How could somebody with no heart feel this much pain because it’s broken? Tony Stark has a heart. He always had one and it had suffered for years.
“Yeah, you’re a genius. Noted.” He just nodded and went back to looking at Tony with one raised eyebrow.
“Stark, how do my new wings look, man?” Sam addressed him over half of the table, looking excited like a little child. Wings, right. Something Tony should have been working on instead of wondering what the rest of his fellow members thought of him.
”You talked a lot about how bad a father your father was. Never around, always letting you down. You never wanted to be like him. I know you still don’t want that even though you can’t remember being a father yourself. Well, this is your chance of showing that you’re better than him.”
He ended up putting the ring on the chain of the tags and put both of it around his neck again, ignoring the feeling as if he was being choked by the sheer weight of them.
”That’s the guest room,” Tony scoffed mockingly and then smirked bitter sweetly at Rogers. ”You don’t even give me the master bed room and here I am, having taken you for a gentleman.”
“I thought he would kill me,” Tony cleaned his hands on an old shirt and stared right into her eyes, “I saw his face, the face I used to wake up to for nearly 3 years and I thought he would
”Yeah?” Tony answered, dismissive. His voice, though, way too deliberately controlled to fool anyone with his faux calmness. He couldn’t breathe and Steve always seemed to pop up to talk with him in the worst moments. ”Maybe. I’m not a prisoner, am I?”
“Okay, smart ass. So when you get startled and feel your heart bounding in your chest, your blood running, pulsing loud in your ears? It’s like that, but stronger. A bit harder to get over.”
”Not Peter,” Tony answered slowly, pointing to himself in a lazy motion. ”I just wanted to wake you, this whole sleeping on the table deal didn’t look too comfortable.”
With no merci, no warning? He felt sad about that, too. So that’s why people in movies always over exaggerated when they were sad. People can feel this heavy and as if something is pulling them down to no stop, he’d never understood.
In the back of his head, he knew that this was a bad idea and that it was definitely the best thing he’s done since waking up, because that kid deserved to have both his parents.
Before he had only heard that he’d need to wait till he was older. But it didn’t help. He had grown older, but the excuse was always the same.
. Seriously, you should be thanking me in five languages and praising me in songs all at once for not kicking your lazy ass out on the streets.”
He felt like all he could do right now was hand the fire a glass of gasoline. He had no idea how to answer the kid’s question.
So I'll get back to a completely different fanfic in which I am now like 23k world deep and my dudes, just: aaaaangst. It's 90% aaaangst and I am like only half way done with it
Tony was aware that his breathing was stocking and quick, but he couldn’t help himself. This couldn’t be. This shouldn’t be. He had always been careful.
became friends with him. Because perfect Steve can’t even leave the house without finding new friends.
Clint just nodded at him, eying the tubes inserted in Tony’s arms. They were without a doubt to raise his blood sugar and make up for all his skipped meals.
Tony looked up from his coffee, not knowing what to say to that. Yeah, of course it had been a lie but it was unusual for Steve to call him out.
“Of course, this way I can built the armor a few sizes smaller, so nobody but me fits in it. Can’t have another person steal it from me,
And also he knew he didn’t deserve this life. So better push it away before getting used to it, just to lose it. Because he would. He didn’t know lot by now but he knew for sure that he just couldn’t keep good things. It was just how his life was, this whole situation was just further proof of that.
Also Bruce came back. Tony felt like he could breath again for the first time in months; he wasn’t all alone anymore. Because that was the point right there. He wasn’t
”Papa! I want to see Lucky,” he said excitedly, pulling his father’s sleeve, who looked down at his son like it was the first time he’s seen him.
They ate while talking in easy chatter, Peter mostly talking about what he wanted his spider to do, even though both Tony and Steve agreed to draw a line at laser shooting eyes.
He saw 7 more therapists in total, till the last one told them, that they should go see a doctor or a priest with him, because he has never seen a kid never reacting. Not to pictures of baby kittens and dragons. He wasn’t disgusted by broccoli, even though he didn’t like the taste of it and apparently was it not normal to simply shrug to every mention of his parents being upset.
He began rambling excuses and explanations and Tony had no other choice but to swallow them like disgusting pills, without really paying attention to what he even spewed out.
Carefully Tony walked closer to the couch, one step at a time, always keeping his option open - to turn around and make a run for it.
”I —,” the kid hiccupped, grabbing his father’s shirt hard. ”I don’t want to not see Daddy anymore!”
He was far too gone to even say something right away, because he knew whatever he’d say, it would change his whole life. So he stood there and stared right into the headlights without moving a limb.
His mother cried a lot, but after she caught herself she tried her best, she hugged him tight and said that they’ll deal with it. She looked like she really believed that, determined to treat him like he was her everything. He was 17 when his parents died. He did not cry on the funeral. In fact, he stood there and wondered how much longer he’d have to wear the itching suit. He didn’t know it then, but he’ll regret the lack of sadness for his mother’s death for the rest of his life.
In that moment Tony should’ve noticed that this all was bigger deal than he thought it would be. Well, he
He just wanted to be left alone, tinkering in his workshop, forgetting about everything. But they were so
”Where do you know me from?” Tony asked suspiciously, looking around the room for a panic button, finding one on his right side, out of reach.
Sam stood slightly in front of Barnes, in the way that he could easily push James behind him and defend him if necessary. Tony doubted that it was a conscious habit but it still stung nonetheless.
Steve was not about to forgive and forget shit. Steve was in for blood. No matter where he’d have to draw it.
There was something really sad about it, Tony realized. Something that definitely showed that Steve has had to fight beyond his own limits before. Tony’d ask about it, but Steve began to speak before he could.
Steve nodded as if he understood the little sentence as what it was anyways. Tony didn’t know why it made him feel uneasy and simultaneously relaxed.
Steve looked Tony up and down, obviously not believing him one bit and considering whether or not to let it go. For a second he looked as if he would say something but then he settled for his disappointed/worried look and turned back to put the eggs on five plates.
Tony laid his feet back on Rhodey’s lab, with a little more force than necessary, but his friend didn’t even as much as flinch.
That was probably the reason why he shot Rogers a smug grin instead of an understanding one, when he walked into Tony’s room later on.
Steve looked slightly amused by it, till the amusement  got washed away from his face so fast that Tony really had trouble telling if it had ever been there to begin with.
”Good thing that Uncle Bucky always encourages that, Petey. Really big thanks, Buck,” he said teasing, before reaching on top of the kitchen counter, putting a coffee pot in front of Tony.
Tony kind of hated that it became something he enjoyed to do. Asking Rogers inappropriate things, lashing out, be disrespectful and watch him squirm. Rogers struck him as someone who didn’t back down from a fight when he got the slightest feeling of injustice but he didn’t fight Tony. He held back.
Tony aimed for anger, because if there was something he could do, it was piss people off. He just wanted to see Rogers be something other than sad. That there were other approaches to achieve that, was something that didn’t occur to him. Or maybe it did but he really didn’t want to listen to it, because fuck Rogers, that’s why.
”What?” Tony asked again, beginning to worry. Steve looked as if he had lost something precious, something irreplaceable and Tony really couldn’t tell what he needed to do to make it all better again.
Tony had already turned his back to Rhodey again, when he heard on determined, thinking noise and then heard Rhodey
Set a problem in front of Tony and he’ll move the earth to find an invention to fix it. But there was no machinery that could fix that. How the hell was he supposed to find out whether or not Steve loved him for — him? Not for who he was, for who he should be by now?
He learned a valuable lesson in the next second. He was deadly terrified of water and had not even the hint of an idea how to deal with something like that.
Steve looked at him, honest, with his blue eyes shining like the damn moon but all Tony could see was yet another person on his list. Another person he had trusted, just to get betrayed. Because that seems to be all what people did around him. Waiting for him to tell them his weakness and then rip it right out of his chest.
He found the answer to Steve’s misery on his fifth glass of water. Because apparently his future self was clean of drinking and he didn’t know why, but it felt wrong to drink then, now.
He hated how Steve looked at him as if he was like the moon pulling the tides. As if something here too would be broken if he didn’t accept the offered help.
Weirdly specific, J, didn’t I tell you that watching people in their sleep is creepy. I really should —,” Tony couldn’t help but cough, doubling over and then falling back in pain, which shot up his back and his rip cage all the same.
They both got snapped out of their staring contest, just looking at each other as if the other one had lost their mind, by the child who raised an arm and pulled slightly on the blonde’s hair.
”I just wanted to say that I am sorry and also — We live together, Tony, we can’t keep on ignoring each other.” Like hell Tony couldn’t. Steve should just watch him avoiding to talking again forever.
Tony couldn’t help but smile a little and then reaching for the cup - which in fact stood on the little table next to him - while trying not to whine in pain. Hell, Bruce could’ve at least put him on the good drugs.
His eyes snapped back to his hand that was still awkwardly hovering over Steve’s shoulders till Tony felt downright ridiculous.
Tony took a deep breath and than looked right into Natasha’s eyes. He was about to lay all his cards on the table, because he knew what everyone thought of him, but he will not stand here and listen to someone accusing him of being stubborn, as if all this had anything to do with that.
He had built up the hope that he might be back to his old self soon enough, but it just didn’t seem like anything would happen anytime soon.
When he looked back at Steve, his expression was so deeply understanding that Tony felt exposed, for some reason. It was as if Steve just looked right through him, his masks and defences; he might as well be analysing Tony’s bone structure by now. He had people undress him with their eyes with less effort.
But he couldn’t. Not when he didn’t have any scientific explanation for it. He needed strong facts to prove himself. Not even for Steve per se, more for himself. He needed to know that he didn’t go crazy. The strong feeling of doubt pumping through his veins, special thanks to whoever had donated this one.
Everyone around him watched his every movement, as if they were waiting for him to blow up or collapse, to break down again and lose control, even though he’s never had a solid ground to stay on ever since Steve’s shield went smoothly through his suit, just
Rogers seemed to get that Tony was about to freak out on the kid, so he chimed in, taking Peter’s little hands off of Tony’s arm. ”Look, Petey, you know Daddy still doesn’t feel so good?”
All Rogers ever did was look sad and miserable, who the hell was he to tell Tony his behaviour was wrong?
. He was forced to make speeches in front of thousand of people by the age of 9. He had been interviewed long before that. And
Rogers closed his eyes shortly, obviously keeping himself from reacting to this whole thing in a poor manner. Tony nearly cursed, why was this man so good at controlling himself? He had struck Tony as someone who rather acted than watched. Somebody who was ready to fight, for whatever reason. But here he was, raising one eyebrow at Tony as if he had just proposed the most ridiculous thing. And frankly, yeah, he might have.
urge to say something comforting, something like Everything Will Be Okay, buthe felt as if Steve just needed silence, just for a minute. To let the memory wash over him.
Every conversation they had was purely about missions and little things one had to discuss when living together. But Tony really tried to keep even those talks as minimal  as possible. Distance was the only thing he had; Steve had taken everything else.
Tony looked at Steve like he had been caught doing something illegal, not just trying to leave his own house.
And yeah, no. As far as Tony’s good faith went, which wasn’t far to begin with, this he did not believe. Not a teensy tiny bit. Because this couldn’t be real. He couldn’t just go to sleep after a big party and then wake up with a husband and a kid, this wasn’t how life worked.
Yeah, no, Peter didn’t look too convinced. He crossed his thin arms over his chest and chewed on his bottom lip. ”But — but you said I’d see Daddy again today! You said if I was behaving good with Uncle Bucky yesterday, I could play with Daddy again!”
