Mary POV
“So, what’s his story then?” John said indicating the man who currently held Sherlock’s focus. Sherlock jumped slightly at his voice.
“There’s a shock. Anything you care to share?”
Sherlock took John's hand in both of his. "You will undoubtedly do something normal and I will be confused. You need only explain it to me and I will try to understand. If I'm not comfortable with something, I will endeavor to let you know. And John, surely you know, I can never get bored with you. You are the mystery I can't solve, I can't read you like I can read other people. You are an enigma: kind and deadly, caring and intimidating. I could spend many lifetimes with you and still not be bored as there is always another layer to Dr. John Hamish Watson that I didn't anticipate."
Now it was John's turn to blush. “Thank you, Sherlock. I don’t think I’m all that important but I do appreciate it.”
Sherlock shook his head. "No, he just said you were undercover abroad. Dispite badgering him, he wouldn't tell me anything more. Classified apparently."
Sherlock paused. He leaned forward and looked John directly in the eyes. “John, you have to understand. If I needed to actually die in order to keep you safe, I would not have hesitated one moment. My last living thought would be the comfort of knowing that you would survive. Surely you know how important you are to me?”
“How am I supposed to find the right person if you chase them all away?”
Something has to change for these guys. John takes the first tiptoe towards deepening their relationship.
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock and John talk about the fall and realize how much they mean to each other. Both want to make the leap but still hesitate.
After a seemingly endless shift at the surgery and then chasing criminals through the streets of London, it had been a long 24 hours since John Watson had last seen his bed. He wasn’t like his flatmate, Sherlock Holmes, he actually needed sleep on a regular basis. He stripped off his clothes, tossing them off to the corner, grabbed a pair of pajama bottoms, and curled up under the blankets. He was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow. His bedroom door opening a couple hours later woke him from a deep sleep. He had been a light sleeper since he was in the army.
Sherlock blinked a few times before he seemed to register that John had asked him a question, and an offended look came over his face. “I don’t need sleep,” he said indignantly.
“Yes!” Sherlock said. “His absence.” The audience laughed. Sherlock went on, “I consider myself married to my work and really have no desire to marry anyone at all. Weddings are, in my opinion, nothing short of a celebration of all that is false and irrational in this ailing world.” His eyes suddenly went glassy, as if he had gone into a daze. “There’s only one man I would ever consider marrying."
John held out his hand to hold the door open. “Could you tell me where he is?”
So this wasn’t a one-time occurrence, then. John didn’t know how often Mr Hudson had “special” clients, or even what Martha meant by that, but he did know that the man clearly hurt his little girl on a regular basis. He didn’t know what sorts of child protection laws existed in 1912, so he didn’t know if going to the police was an option. But he resolved that if at all possible, he would do what he could to help little Martha Hudson.
Thanks for reading! Enjoy!
“That’s nice of you,” John said sarcastically.
One hour later, Sherlock stood in John’s room. He had changed out of his costume and into his traveling clothes, and after instructing Anthea to pack his things for him, he had begun a frantic search of the hotel and the area surrounding the theatre. When nearly an hour had passed with no sign of John, Sherlock had to admit defeat. In one last desperate attempt, he returned to John’s hotel room, not expecting him to actually be there. Sure enough, there was no sign of him, other than his shaving kit sat on a table. Sherlock found himself drawn to it. He reached out a shaking hand and touched the razor, remembering how badly John had cut himself with it and how he had joked about growing a moustache. A tear spilled down Sherlock’s cheek, and he angrily wiped it away, before taking a shaky breath, composing himself, and leaving the room to join Mycroft and the rest of the company, where they were waiting for him to leave for Rome.
They had reached John’s room by this time, and Mrs Hudson showed him in. “What do you think, then?” she asked him.
There was a scrambling noise from inside the room, before the door was flung open, and Sherlock stood before him, looking down at him with wide, startled-looking eyes, a faint blush on his cheeks. He was wearing a nightshirt and dressing gown, his feet were bare, and his curls were a mess. John thought he looked adorable.
John took a deep breath, and then, before he could change his mind, he stepped out into the street. The man had passed by the alley by now, so John followed behind him, trying to remain inconspicuous while rushing to catch up to him. He came up behind the man and reached around him, trying to reach into his pocket without him noticing. He knew he had failed when the man whipped around and exclaimed, “You’re trying to pick-pocket me!”
The woman immediately looked wary. “No, I’m afraid he’s not,” she replied, moving to close the door.
“I would be if you would keep leading,” John said, nudging Sherlock’s foot with his own. “Go on then.”
Sherlock turned and looked John in the eye for the first time since this awkward conversation had started. “Thank you, John,” he breathed, and John held his eye contact and smiled at him.
Sherlock blushed bright red, and John noticed that they had stopped dancing again. He looked up at Sherlock, who was staring down at John with pupils blown wide and breathing heavily. He glanced pointedly at Sherlock’s perfect lips, and he heard Sherlock’s breath hitch. Then, his heart hammering in his chest, John started to lean up towards Sherlock very slowly, giving him plenty of time to back away if he wanted to. Sherlock’s hand started to shake in John’s, but he didn’t move away, allowing John’s mouth to get closer and closer…
“You won’t?!” Sherlock exclaimed, sounding outraged.
John shook his head. “Does anyone in your family eat? Your brother looks like he’s skin and bones.”
The young man was the most beautiful person John had ever seen. His face was long, pale and angular, with cheekbones so high it should have been illegal. Beneath a fringe of thick, dark, curly hair lay a pair of gorgeous eyes that seemed to look out of the picture and straight into John’s soul (it was an oddly exposing feeling, but John found that he didn’t actually mind it). The young man’s Cupid’s bow lips were turned up slightly in an almost-smile that could only be described as loving. John felt a sudden pang of jealousy for whoever had been on the receiving end of that smile. And suddenly he knew – this was what the poets wrote about; this was love at first sight. John looked beneath the portrait for a nameplate, or anything that would give him some clue as to who the perfect young man was, but the label was missing.
John took a deep breath, deciding to just be completely honest. Mike was his friend, after all. “I first fell in love with a photograph of him (yes, he’s a bloke, don’t look so surprised). Then as I learned more about him I fell even more in love, but the problem is, he lived like 70 years ago. So I have to go back in time so I can meet him.”
“Well,” John started. “Something you said yesterday made me think you might be with the police?”
“Ran the other direction,” Sherlock panted back. “Come on!”
Lestrade downed the rest of his whiskey and set down the glass. “Lead the way.”
“Mike, it’s been too long.” John offered his hand for a shake, which Mike eagerly took, before inviting John into his office.
“I most definitely can do that,” Mycroft said, a warning look in his eyes. “And I will if I have to. So don’t test me.” When Sherlock stared back at him in stony silence, Mycroft’s voice softened. “I really do want what is best for you. Get some sleep tonight. You have a big performance tomorrow.” He left the room, leaving Sherlock staring furiously at his retreating back.
, he was apparently teaching now. He knocked on Mike’s office door, and was soon greeted by the smiling face of his former best mate. “John? John Watson? Long time no see!”
John laughed. “No, definitely not! No wife and child for me! You’re all I want. You’re everything to me, Sherlock. Everything and more.” He reached out and caressed Sherlock’s cheek.
Lestrade showed him his badge. “Actually, we can. I’m from Scotland Yard, and I have a warrant to search this office. Stay out of our way and you won’t be in any trouble.”
“I may have only known him for a short time,” John conceded. “But in that short time, we’ve become very close. I also want to see him succeed, see him make both of us proud, but I want it to be doing something that makes him happy. And no matter what he ends up doing, I want to be there at his side, supporting him the whole way.”
“Flustered, my sweet?” She walked seductively towards him. “What is it? Never seen an actress in negligee before?”
“How –” John began, but at that moment, Mr Hudson stepped through the door, rubbing his shoulder, and froze.
Hope everyone had a spooky Halloween! Enjoy the next chapter!
Slowly, so as not the startle her, John placed a hand on her knee. “I want to help you, Martha, but first you need to tell me what’s wrong.”
John found Mrs Hudson on the back porch of the hotel, tending to some flowers. She looked up with a smile as he approached. “Can I help you, dear?”
As promised, a long chapter this week! The title for this chapter comes from the "Somewhere in Time" soundtrack - it's the name of the piece that plays during this part of the movie. "Somewhere in Time" has an absolutely gorgeous soundtrack; if you are unfamiliar, it's on YouTube and I highly recommend checking it out.
Sherlock dug right in. He pulled open a trunk and started pulling out what looked like old linens, before muttering “Boring” under his breath and moving on to a different trunk.
“John!” A cousin whose name John couldn’t remember approached him. “A university graduate! I can hardly believe it. It seems just yesterday you were only this tall!” She held her hand at waist height, and John barely suppressed an eye roll. “But how pleased you must be, to be finished!”
So they've finally met! We'll see more of Sherlock (and Mycroft) next week, but I'd love to hear what you think so far!
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and smiled down at his sleeping form. He dropped a kiss to his head and whispered, “I love you, too, Sherlock.” Then, warm and content, with Sherlock in his arms, he too drifted off to sleep.
John felt a surge of anger at the thought of a father hurting his own daughter, but his anger was quickly replaced by an epiphany. Mrs Hudson had said that her father was a desk clerk at the hotel, starting in 1910, and that she had come to the hotel with him as a little girl. Could it be? “Your name is Martha?” John asked. Martha nodded. “Martha Hudson?” Another nod. John suddenly felt a surge of protectiveness towards the little girl who as an old woman had been so kind to him. Wanting to get her farther away from her abusive father, he suggested they relocate to the porch so he could tend to her cheek. Nodding, Martha took his hand and allowed him to lead her outside.
“So the location is important?” John interrupted.
John didn’t miss a beat. “I don’t think so.”
of June, 1912. You are lying on your bed in the Baker Street Hotel, and it is 6 PM on the 27
While they waited for Wiggins to reappear with his loot, John edged closer to Sherlock. “So, I take it you don’t ‘frequent fine establishments’ like this one?”
“I said I want you inside me.” Sherlock was still refusing to meet John’s eyes.
Sherlock turned back to him and scoffed. “Stop worrying, Mycroft. I’ll be fine; I can take care of myself. Besides, I’m not really going anywhere. I shall return momentarily.” He strode out of the room, leaving Mycroft looking furious and very worried. John hesitated only a moment before following.
The smile immediately left John’s face as he looked up to see Sherlock staring in horror at something on the floor and out of John’s sight. He rushed to Sherlock’s side, and was shocked to see a man lying unconscious on the floor, a good deal of blood on the front of his shirt. He looked dead, but just in case, John fell to his knees and checked his pulse – nothing. He ripped open his shirt to find the source of the blood, and found himself looking at what was clearly a stab wound.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, I guess so.” John knew, as a doctor, that Sherlock starting to smoke was a very bad idea, but he didn’t know how to say this without drawing Sherlock’s attention back to the fact that he carried around a pipe he didn’t smoke.
Sherlock looked like he wanted to argue, but John stepped lightly on his foot, and Sherlock sighed and nodded in agreement.
He turned on his heel and ran. Suddenly, Sherlock appeared at his side, grabbed his hand, and pulled him down a side street. Hand-in-hand, they ran full out, John straining to keep up with Sherlock and his longer legs. “Where’s Wiggins?” John panted, suddenly realizing that the third young man was missing.
Wiggins nodded as a finely dressed gentleman approached the brothel’s entrance. “I’ll go first, yeah?” He casually made his way down the street. John watched him bump into the gentleman, who turned and appeared to yell at him. Wiggins held up his hands in a placating gesture while keeping his head bowed, and John imagined he was apologizing for bumping into the man. Then Wiggins turned and disappeared into the crowd, and the other man continued into the brothel.
Mycroft didn’t know what to say to this. He felt completely out of his depth, at a loss as to how to comfort his distraught little brother. So he simply continued to hold Sherlock and rock him gently, fearing for what the future would bring.
Finally, Martha nodded hesitantly. Lestrade smiled at her and asked gently, “Did you see your father this morning?” Martha nodded, but John noticed that she was starting to look more suspicious. Lestrade continued, “Can you tell me about how he was acting this morning?”
From the look on Sherlock’s face, John knew he had won. “Meet me at 1 o’clock, outside the hotel,” Sherlock demanded, before shutting the door in John’s face.
John felt anger and embarrassment building up in him as the maître d’ took him by the arm and started to lead him away. He tried to catch Sherlock’s eye, but Sherlock was glaring at Mycroft furiously. Then suddenly Sherlock called out, “One moment,” causing the maître d’ to pause. He walked up to Mycroft, drawing himself up to his full height so he was almost as tall as his brother, crowding into his space and looking him straight in the eye. John thought that anyone else would have been intimidated, but Mycroft stood his ground, looking unperturbed and merely angry. “I shall go with him,” Sherlock said primly, before turning on his heel and stalking away from Mycroft.
was the recipient of that loving smile he had initially felt so jealous of. Time seemed to stand still as they stared at each other, the love between them seeming to fill the whole room. John had never felt so full of love and happiness in his life, and from the look of him, neither had Sherlock.
John started to make his way across the lawn towards the figure. With every step he took, he was increasingly aware that this was really happening. Finally,
Finally, a member of the theatre company broke the spell by reminding Sherlock that he needed to change quickly before his next scene. Sherlock shook himself, and hurried towards the dressing rooms, but not before brushing past John and whispering, “Meet me after.”
“I shall be rehearsing all day,” Sherlock replied.
Mr Hudson scowled at him. “The right room? What the hell are you playing at?”
Greg sighed again. “Is this to do with earlier? Are we going to have this maddening exchange every time I have a nice conversation with someone other than you?”
“Yes,” the man replied, seeming a little wary.
, he thought to himself as he knocked on the dressing room door, filled with nervous anticipation. The door opened, and for one marvellous split second, John thought he had found him. But instead, he found himself face-to-face with a rather large woman wearing a pink wig and pink undergarments. “Um…” John said.
Thanks to everyone still reading, commenting, and leaving kudos.
They had reached suite 221 at this point, and Sherlock turned to John. “Thank you for today, John. It was…good.”
John got on the tube and rode for a while. He really had no idea where he was going; he just knew that he had to get away. Eventually, he chose a station at random, got off the train, and started walking, carrying the two bags he had packed after rushing home from the clinic to prepare for his impromptu trip.
“I’m sorry, Mr Hudson,” a voice piped up. John looked around to see a young boy, perhaps twelve years old, stood half behind, half next to Mr Hudson. The boy was looking at the key in John’s hands. “That room is reserved,” he said, voice fearful. “I forgot to put a notice in the slot.”
. He inhales like it will save his life. But, he is not in the right place, not in the right time. The smell of Claire de la Lune is sickening in the back of his throat. It is hard to breathe around it; he is choking.
“Sherlock,” he says, and he keeps his voice steady.  “I won’t go back.”  This time, his voice is steady, the wool clearing from his brain.  He shifts up in his seat, inching forward.  His knees brush Sherlock’s, and  Sherlock does flinch a bit this time, but he doesn’t move away.
Another careful exhale, and he lifts his head, throws off the duvet, and the sudden cool rush of moving air helps settle him further.  It doesn’t last long. There is no breeze coming through the window. No relief at all. He yanks his shirt off by the back of his collar and uses the bottom hem to swipe at his face and chest before tossing it into the hamper in the corner.
“It’s not all right,” she says, finding some strength.   She pulls her spine straight, making herself taller in her seat.  “It’s
in those books and trinkets, clothing and furniture.  Far too much of this loss has become, in Sherlock’s mind, an overwrought metaphor for the entirety of the past four years, singed and scorched, reduced to ash.  He knows ash.
At seven, John wakes up with a slight headache, a dull pressure behind his eyes. He pinches the bridge of his nose, curses allergy season, takes some ibuprofen, and gets on with it. His sinuses start to sting by nine o’clock, and by ten, he can feel the burn move all the way down the left side of his throat from the drainage. Stupid allergies. The forecast has rain this afternoon, so it should all clear up soon, he tells himself. He resolutely ignores the little voice in the back of his head reminding him that he doesn’t have allergies.
Sherlock can follow the light too, like a beacon, and he does, and he sinks.  And he’s scared, so he goes slowly, but he follows the light and sinks and sinks and sinks.  It doesn't feel like falling at all.
After he’s made his choices and squishes several puffy bags of bedding and pillows in the boot, he steers toward Baker Street rather than the house.  It’ll be time to pick up Rosie soon anyway, and if he can drop this stuff off now, it will be a few less things to pack for the movers.
There is no question.
will queue up to pay. And you
“Fine,” Sherlock says, and he’s standing, turning toward the door that leads to the corridor—to his bedroom. And, that’s when John sees. He feels the breath leave his lungs.
Rosie plays with her peas as she eats them, and John gets her to actually eat her chicken by making Sherlock match her bite-for-bite, which Rosie thinks is hilarious. John leaves Sherlock in the lounge as he gets Rosie bathed, teeth cleaned, pajamas on—and when he and Rosie return, the dishwasher is whirring softly, and Sherlock is reading one of John’s medical journals on the sofa.
John says, and now his smile is wild and bright, “We’re moving back
Sherlock’s got the telly on but pauses it when John enters. “There’s a curry for you in the microwave,” he says.
A chapter passes, and then two.  And then, with a growl, Sherlock stands.
, so it was bound to devolve into crap telly eventually. But, “
So, that’s where he’d gone off to. John finds himself blinking at Sherlock’s thoughtfulness, and his gooey chest warms a bit.
He shakes his head; no sense in getting maudlin now.  No point.  He has a goddaughter to escort home.
, a fresh start in a familiar place.
, as if he hasn’t washed it in days.
John rubs wearily at his eyes, closing them tightly against the fluorescent glow of his computer monitor.
. John is rapt.
A very special thanks to
You think they’re--cute?
John has been up in his bedroom for hours, and the shuffling and squeaking from the ceiling stopped a while ago.  He thinks of calling out, of shouting, but he moves his feet instead.  He climbs—nineteen steps, these ones shallower than the ones from the front hall, likely more suited to John’s feet than his own.  He does his best not to trip on them and finds it easier to take two at a time.  He can count on one hand the number of times he’s actually made this particular journey.
John’s door is open.  He’s on his back, eyes open to the ceiling, one arm bent, fitted behind his head.  He looks to be stargazing—but it is day, and the ceiling is opaque.
John’s breaths puff from his nostrils onto Sherlock’s cheeks, and Sherlock has every answer to any question he has ever asked.  He takes John’s upper lip between both of his, where John captures his lower lip with his own.  John’s hair is still damp under his fingers, where he is rubbing at his temples and then his nape, holding him there just as John is doing the same.  He pulls away to trace Sherlock’s cheekbones and eyebrows with his thumbs, to trail his nose against Sherlock’s nose, to run his lips over his closed eyelids.
It’s John’s lips, wrapped so softly around his top lip, gentle, and then it’s his tongue tip flickering against Sherlock’s cupid’s bow.  It’s John’s breath in his mouth.  It’s the glide of John’s tongue along the slick inner skin of his upper lip, down with a flick against the bottom one.  It’s the seal of their lips, the slide, the suck.  It’s John’s tongue against his own, dipping in deep, licking, licking, licking to match the rising and falling of Sherlock’s chest.
“Mm,” John hums. “Good think I thought to pick up an extra then,” he says with a smirk, pulling a folded over paper sack from the inside pocket of his jacket. He holds it out, fingers brushing against his as Sherlock takes it.
“Meeting Mike at Thornbury’s. Care to join?”
“Up here,” Sherlock calls back.
John shifts, his nose brushing Sherlock’s back, lips finding a raised scar, and his entire body thrums with the answering shudder beneath it all. “I’m still here, Sherlock.”
. Please.), but it’s no good. He can do locum work part-time for now. What he can’t do is come back to this place for even one more day.
having half the staff off ill as well. He should press on through, get this all done, but as he looks around, listening to the whining buzz of the lights overhead and the soft whir of the heating cycling off, he thinks he might actually go mad if he stays in this office for even one minute longer. So he saves the file he’s got open and shuts down the computer. He throws on his coat and sets the alarm on the way out.
.  And with his lips against Sherlock’s lips, he asks, fumbling, “Do you have?  I’ve never—but I want.
But for the soft light from his bedside lamp, it’s fully dark and quiet when he opens his eyes later that night.  His hair is now dry except for where new sweat has soaked the curls at his nape.  He rolls a bit, groaning at the scratch of the duvet under his shoulders and backside where it has gone tacky and uncomfortable. He tries to just ignore it, to sleep again, but he can’t.  He desperately needs both a trip to the loo and some water, so he sits up with an exhausted sigh.
“What, the sex?”
. . .
As they step up to the front door, John laughs, touselling Sherlock’s hair.  “You’re covered,” he says, and the snow flutters down, adding to what’s already there.  It crunches beneath their feet.
Sherlock waves a dismissive hand. “It’s hardly even a seven.”
Sherlock meets Johns eyes, raising his glass to touch John’s.
“I know,” John replies with an equal, easy calm. “She shot you.”
John, whose expression has gone from wistful to fond to something like trepidation, places his hand just under Sherlock’s on the door.  He looks at Sherlock, fully in the eyes, and grins a little as he joins Sherlock in pushing the door completely open.  John is so close that Sherlock can feel his gasp as much as hear it.
“What do we do now?” John wonders.  How do you start a relationship that is already nearly a decade in?
Outside, John walks close enough that their hands brush. He looks up at Sherlock with an intensity that Sherlock rather enjoys, and neither one of them can seem to stop smiling entirely.   The clouds overhead swirl in the wind, the air thick with moisture, but the rain refuses to fall. Sherlock wonders now if it really matters.
.  He is pleased John has come home—back to Baker Street.  He
Sherlock does his best to remain focused on the case notes he’s tacked up against the wallpaper, but his mind drifts—to the sounds of footsteps above him, creaking floorboards too long silent until now, to the only-just-vacant doorway and the floor there, dark and plain only moments ago.  He finds himself focused on the two wet, autumn-bright leaves John tracked in on his shoe, stuck there from the wet outside—from last night’s storm.  John brought them in unintentionally; they seem unremarkable, but they might as well be glowing for how they stand out against the dark of the floorboards.
,” he says, voice breaking, eyes on John’s as he slides his desperate want slowly against John through their pyjamas.
“Everything old is new again,” John says.  He squares his shoulders and nods his head, coaxing Sherlock’s glass up with his gaze.
Sherlock sniffs. “You asked me me why—that first night.” There is another pause, and John lets it be what it is, waiting for Sherlock to continue. He does. “But, Mary was there, and I decided—”
Sherlock lifts their joined hands to his lips, kissing the top of John’s.  “I love you, too.”
At Baker Street, Sherlock appears in the kitchen from nowhere, a Pavlovian response to the rustling of plastic bags that might contain a fresh packet of biscuits.  He rifles through everything, dumping the entire contents from bags onto the worktop, not helping
“Shower’s free,” John says, sitting on the bed next to him.  To break the tension a bit, he sniffs loudly in Sherlock’s general direction, making a face.  “Ugh—get
“Watsons!” he says, smiling, hands out for both of them.  “You’re back!”
Sherlock nods, but he holds John’s gaze enough to acknowledge what just happened.  John doesn’t look away.
“You ready?” he asks.
, she thinks, cleaning her teeth.  If Sherlock rings today, she won’t pick up.  She
Doesn’t matter.  Anything.
Job 23:10 (NIV)
Unglamourous
“John,” he starts again, shaking his head to gather his scattered thoughts.  “I cannot fully express to you my gratitude for your hospitality these past weeks, and of course your friendship is singular, and valued, and I-- Rosie is-- I have loved every minute…”
He pauses in the doorway, raking his eyes over the entire room before running a hand on the wall next to the sofa.  “Still can’t believe you managed to find the same wallpaper,” he says. He walks around the living room, inspecting both new additions and the items salvaged.  “Wow, this looks really great. Really good.”
"That was the plan. I know there's a lot of stuff I'm going to have to talk to Sherlock about. The lab in the kitchen being one of them. I was thinking of asking him if he wouldn't mind having it down in 221C, I still want him to be able to do his experiments, he wouldn't be Sherlock without them, but it wouldn't be a good idea upstairs where the kids will be."
Greg joked.
'You know that were not actually legally married, the whole thing was a sham. Her names not even Mary'
Sherlock grimaced.
'Yeah and I was going to, told her that we needed to talk, then you whisk me off in a car to some warehouse and dump the knowledge that the girl I had been dating, was some kind of assassin, that it was suspected that she worked for Moriarty.'
"This is a child's room John. I … I don't understand." John smiled at him before walking forward and wrapping his arms around his slightly lost looking husband.
"Thanks Mycroft, for looking after him, for going to get him. If I could've …"
"I don't know for how long, although I suspect not long before he moved. I don't know if you read his last blog, but I think he definitely knew something."
"Impossible. I know, but since when do either myself or Sherlock stick to the boundaries of normal. Its' beyond our capabilities to even be normal." Mycroft chuckled.
"Anthea should be here soon, are you ok to watch them until she gets here?" he asked as he slipped his jacket on.
I hope you enjoy this next chapter. Please leave reviews, I'd like to know what you guys are thinking.
'But why, why would she do that? I, I thought she was a doctor. Christ do you even know her, I mean you married her, surely you must have known something was wrong?' Greg asked, asking John for clarification on the whole matter.
On the day that Sherlock and John had reunited, Greg had finally proposed, (Mycroft had faked the surprise!) and Mycroft had happily accepted. The wedding was due to occur in a week's time and the boys were extremely excitable at the moment. Having not long turned two, they were extremely adorable and always full of energy, bouncing around the flat just like their father in the excitement of a case. Greg and Mycroft had chosen them to be their pageboys and their little suits were hung up, ready for the day. Greg had asked John to be his best man, whilst Mycroft had asked Sherlock, who, surprisingly accepted without being blackmailed into it. Something had changed within the brother's dynamic, but it was a change for the better.
As the car slowed down, pulling into the drive Sherlock began to panic. What would he say? What if John didn't want to see him, had moved on? His phone buzzed indicating a new text.
Had it only been two weeks since had last sat there? He closed his eyes picturing his husband in one of his usual poses, hands together steepled against his lips as he roamed his mind palace, looking for answers. He sighed moving his empty hand to push back his hair, it needed to be cut, but Sherlock had liked it slightly longer, he had said it proved that John was no longer in the army, not to mention he liked to be able to be able to put his hands through it.
"I'm sure she'll be ecstatic then. The kids should at least have one set of grandparents. After raising you two I'm sure mine will be easy," he joked.
‘How are you feeling Mr Holmes? Dr Watson tells me your in pain. Can you tell me between one and ten how much pain your in?’
'You told me that by marrying her, he would be safe. That she wouldn't make a move on him If she thought she'd won. Does he look like he's safe Mycroft. She shot him, she shot him and I had to nearly watch him die, again. His heart actually stopped. I... I can't lose him again Mycroft, I can't.'
'You, you really love him don't you. I mean, I thought that you did, I could see it everytime you looked at him, but you never said anything. So I just assumed that I was seeing things, you did marry Mary after all, which I'm a bit confused about now. You just told me you've always been in love with Sherlock but why the hell did you marry her if you were going to break things off?'
'Long enough,' John told her, a cold look in his eyes. She looked slightly startled to hear what he had said and to see that look on his face.
"You're worried that he will not accept them."
'Don't worry mate, I'll keep an eye on him. It'll be a lot easier than normal cuz he's actually sleeping. I don't have to worry about him escaping from me.'
Then there were the people around Sherlock, they crowded around him, stopped John from getting too close, and then he was gone, on a stretcher. It was quick. Too quick.
"God I do, and you know what, I've missed it. All his deducing, all his experiments, his violin concerts at three in the morning. I fell in love with each and every aspect of him, yes he can be annoying and a bit of a prick, but I wouldn't change him for anything. I love him just the way he is."
"John." Sherlock's deep baritone voice made him shiver with just the sound of his name being said softly. He slowly reached his hand forward, making contact with the side of Sherlock's face. He could feel the warmth from the skin, and then there were tears rolling down his face. He was crying, because he was here, really here. He could see Sherlock's eyes assessing him, trying to figure out what to do. He made it easy for him. With one hand on his cheek, his other came up to grab the front of his coat, bringing him lips towards his own. And oh, how he missed this, missed kissing those perfect lips, and then Sherlock was kissing him back, and Johns hands moved up to his hair, whilst Sherlock's hands ran up and down John's body, sending shivers of arousal through him.
"I should have told you, I wanted you by my side the entire time I was away. I would turn around to tell you something, and you weren't there. I wanted you to stay safe, but I wanted, more than anything to have you by my side. Thinking back on it, with your service history you would have been an asset to have with me."
Mummy Holmes was organising the whole ordeal, something that she delighted in. She had been most disappointed to find out that she had missed her youngest getting married, but she and John had been secretly planning to have a renewal of their vows in front of family and friends on their next anniversary. John's first meeting with the Holmes matriarch had gone surprisingly well. John had been rather nervous about meeting her, sure that she would believe her son too good for him. Instead he had been pleasantly surprised at how easily they connected, they immediately fell into comfortable conversation and Sherlock could not have been happier. He knew his mother would love John, it was impossible not to. His mother was also extremely happy to meet the twins. She absolutely adored them as did his father. They both doted on the boys had grandparents do, and soon after they set up a visiting arrangement which satisfied both parties. The twin would get to spend time with their grandparents, and Sherlock and John would be able to have some alone time without the worry of their children in the next room. Something they definitely took advantage of, usually requesting Greg not to contact them unless in an emergency.
Sherlock woke up when John got out of bed but had hoped to doze back off. As usual, not having John close made it impossible for him to fall back to sleep. He pulled the duvet tight around him as he listened to John go about his normal routine. As much as he thrived off of chaos, he craved this normalcy, and was scared he would never have it again. The detective heard the kettle start to whistle but John was still in the bathroom. He decided to be helpful for a change and go get the kettle so John could get dressed. Just as he was about to get up, his cellphone pinged. It was Lestrade asking for clarification on a recent case. The detective sent off a quick text and headed to the kitchen.
John convinces Sherlock to help Greg with the case even thought Sherlock really doesn't want to go to a crime scene right then.
The air around them almost grew heavier as both were unsure but felt something shift between them. However, the moment was interrupted by their beloved and ever so timely not-your-housekeeper landlady bearing a tray of delicious smelling treats. Both men took a deep breath before offering genuinely happy smiles to Mrs. Hudson.
“Where’s Anthea?” He said to the woman.
“Ugh, fine, go to Bart’s then. Molly will give you one.”
“I’m afraid it’s time for my soother and bed for me, boys. I’ll sleep much better knowing that you are both here and safe.” She received a kiss on the cheek from each of them as they bade her goodnight before she went back down to her flat.
He watched John walk down the hall. Sherlock didn’t know how he himself managed to hold it together while telling the story. He could normally detach himself from sentiment but for John, he didn’t this time. Watching John’s face as he made his revelations was extremely difficult. Watching the pain, sadness, fear, grief, and maybe understanding course through John’s face was more difficult than Sherlock ever expected. He just wanted to pull John close and make him feel safe and loved. John Watson was most definitely loved and because of this, Sherlock made sure he was also safe. Sherlock went to the kitchen to put on the kettle. They had finished the pot that Mrs. Hudson brought up and he was sure they could both do with another cuppa.
They both stretched a little and then sat up. The couch was definitely not the most comfortable place for a cuddle and John's shoulder was screaming at him. They exchanged goofy smiles. John stood up.
“I am far more interested in having dinner with you, John. If you would like to continue that is. If you prefer to go to the crime scene, we may. I would prefer to stay here.” Sherlock watched John’s face for his reaction. He laid it out there, what this meant in his own Sherlockian way of it.
“I took the liberty of ordering in advance. My understanding is that their sampler menu is not to be missed. I ordered that with a cheese plate and they will provide pairings of wine they deem appropriate to each dish. I hope that is acceptable.” Sherlock asked without really asking. More assuming and hoping  that John would tell him if it was not good.
John removed his suit jacket and sat in his chair opposite Sherlock. He had no idea where to begin to discuss all of this. Sherlock and emotions don’t usually mix and he didn’t want to scare him off if John was feeling something more than Sherlock was. He decided once more he was going to let Sherlock take the lead on this one. John had to be careful here, everything was on the line for him and he couldn’t lose his detective.  John looked over at Sherlock, “What did you want to say at the restaurant, Sherlock?”
Before John could say anything, Sherlock stood up and looked darkly at the inspector. "Detective Inspector, as I informed you before, I am not available for any reason this evening. Not even a 10. I don't care if Jack the Ripper has returned from the dead and is raising hell in Whitechapel as we speak. Surely, the Yard isn't so inept that they can't handle one evening without me?"
“I don’t know how to say what needs to be said.”
John called out “Sherlock!!! Sherlock, wake up!!! Sherlock!!! I’m here, wake up!!!” After several moments, Sherlock stopped thrashing and seemed to be waking up. John moved closer to the bed. “Sherlock, it’s ok. I’m here.” He spoke quieter, not wanting to alarm Sherlock but still letting him know that he wasn’t alone. Sherlock’s eyes opened and he looked at John and blinked rapidly. “John?” His voice was hoarse from yelling and rough with sleep. “John. You’re really here? You’re alright?”
"I know this is a big change from everything you are used to. I'm worried I'll do something that would be considered normal but that maybe you don't know that or are comfortable with and you won't want to be with me anymore. Or that you will get bored of me."
“So, what do you want to know?” John looked at him curiously.
“Mycroft, what are you doing here?” Sherlock demanded.
“John, I’m afraid.”
Here is chapter 2. I will do my best to get the next chapter to you quicker!
I have some wonderful ideas on this story so I hope you'll stick with me while I try to get this completed. I have 2 chapters to upload tonight and will be working on more with hopefully more conistancy.
Sherlock and John just chuckled. They finally separated. “Well don’t just stand in the doorway you two, come in and we'll get a pot going.” John ushered them both in.
Sherlock climbed into John’s bed and thanked him. John pulled the duvet over both of them and then fell quickly back to sleep.
Molly raised an eyebrow at him.
“John? Come along. It’s time for bed. I’ve gotten you some pajamas. Let’s go.” Sherlock gently touched John’s arm to rouse him.
Sherlock took the cup of tea offered to him gratefully. He had honestly missed John's tea while he was gone. John knew exactly how to make his tea perfectly. Even while mulling over everything that had happened, the simple act of John making him a cup of tea was surprisingly settling to the detective. He was never one for sentiment but it felt homey. He had actually realized in his time away and even since he had been back without John, that maybe he wasn't as immune to sentiment and caring as he had thought.
John cocked his head slightly to the side, his lips pressed together in a grim line, his eyes hard. Greater men than Mycroft Holmes had been the subject of this look and quivered. Mycroft swallowed but tried to stand his ground.
“Dr. Watson went to a very dark place after you died, Sherlock. He didn’t leave Baker Street for months. Lost his job at the clinic, stopped talking to everyone, barely uttered even a word to Mrs Hudson. Then one day, he came out of hiding. We all thought he had come around finally but we were wrong. He was a different man then. He became a vigilante of sorts. Any criminal he helped apprehend for the Yard was either beaten within an inch of his life or simply killed. Not to mention the havoc he raised if he stumbled upon a criminal act before the Yard could intervene. You can imagine the paperwork.” Mycroft looked annoyed, Sherlock looked ill.
“I’m sure we would find ways to entertain ourselves.” Sherlock gave a smirk that John didn’t know how to interpret. Was Sherlock Holmes actually trying to flirt with him? Just in case, John smiled back.
“Thank God for that.” John offered a warm chuckle.
“That sounds delightful. I probably wouldn’t have been able to figure out what to order anyway. Now I don’t have too.” John smiled.
“John! What’s wrong?” Sherlock jumped up quickly, eyes barely open, scanning John’s face for distress.
Sherlock yawned and nodded. "You're going to make me as fat as Mycroft if I keep eating this much."
Sherlock eyed her suspiciously for moment and then said “After you,” gesturing towards the car. The woman got into the passenger seat and quietly whispered something Sherlock couldn’t quite make out to the driver.
John briefly wondered what Greg did for a living, but his thoughts were interrupted by the sound of Maud’s complaining voice coming from within the suite. Greg grimaced. “I’d better go. Cheers.” And with that, he closed the door, leaving John breathing a sigh of relief.
John could feel Sherlock trembling now. He looked up at him. “Are you sure you’re okay? We really don’t have to go through with this if you don’t want to.”
They found Martha sitting on the porch, holding her doll and looking subdued. Sherlock made to rush over to her, but John put a hand on his arm, stopping him. “Wait just a moment,” he said, before heading over to Martha and crouching down in front of her. “Hi Martha, remember me?”
“What do you call it then?” Greg asked.
Lestrade blew out a breath of air. “Okay,” he agreed after a moment. “I’ll trust you for now, and we can go question this child. But eventually, I’m going to need a proper explanation that will stand up in court.” He looked sharply at Sherlock. “Clear?”
“Go for it,” said Lestrade, and Sherlock got to work on the lock. It wasn’t long before he had the draw opened, and they started going through the ledger books inside.
John frowned. “Now hang on. Didn’t you skip dinner last night? And now you’re planning on skipping breakfast too? That’s not healthy, Sherlock!”
“He spends time there,” Sherlock said evasively.
They walked behind the front desk, then passed through the door into Mr Hudson’s office. The room’s sole occupant, Mr Hudson’s assistant boy, stood up as they entered. “What are you doing?” He sounded scared. “You can’t come in here.”
“Oh, but I think I do,” Sherlock said primly. “You’ve been trading in cocaine through this office. Smart move, what with cocaine recently being outlawed and all. You realized that you could make good money by selling it to your wealthy guests who used to take it before it was outlawed. Buyers and sellers alike could come to the hotel posing as guests, and all the sales would go through you, at an inflated price, of course. The system worked well until last night. You bought a batch of cocaine yesterday evening, and Martha walked in on you. That’s why you shouted at her. You had pre-arranged to sell it on to a Mr Victor Trevor later that night, but something went wrong in the transaction. Most likely, you tried to charge more than the agreed upon price, and Trevor refused to pay it. Anyway, it ended with you losing your temper and stabbing him, and then hiding his body in the attic. However, you didn’t count on your daughter still being awake when you finally returned to your cottage for the night. She saw the bloody knife, so you had to threaten her not to tell anyone. That’s why she’s so scared.” Sherlock finally stopped for breath, looking triumphant.
“You don’t have to do that,” he said, seeing that she didn’t appear to be very strong. “I can carry my own bags.”
The boy grinned at him, before looking at Mr Hudson, and seeing his furious expression, hurried back into the office.
“I’m sorry, Mr Hudson,” the boy piped up. “I couldn’t stop them.”
That night, John couldn’t sleep, his obsession refusing to let his mind shut down. He tossed and turned until finally he gave up and returned to the Hall of History, where he stared with increasing agitation at the photograph. He was starting to get a little angry now. How dare Sherlock Holmes keep him from sleeping, with his perfect hair and his perfect eyes and his goddam perfect cheekbones?!
“A decade?” John felt a rush of anxiety as he thought about how perceptive Sherlock was. There was no way he wouldn’t notice that John’s suit was out of style.
John registered vague surprise at the amount of time he had been sitting there for, but otherwise he ignored her.
Mycroft sighed again, before crossing the room in a few long strides, sitting on the floor next to his little brother, and pulling him into his arms. Sherlock buried his face in Mycroft’s shoulder and continued to sob as Mycroft gently carded his fingers through his brother’s hair. “Shh,” he soothed. “It will be okay. We’ll move past this. Soon this whole incident will be a thing of the past, you’ll see.”
“John. Yes. Yes,” Sherlock panted. He lifted his hips off the bed, allowing John to get both his trousers and drawers off of him.
Still, it wouldn’t do to be rude. John didn’t want to give Mycroft any reason to dislike him more than he already did. “Fancy some breakfast?” he asked, gesturing to the platter of food on the centre of the table. It was too much for one person, anyway.
It was almost time for Sherlock to start getting ready for his performance later that evening, so after they finished speaking with Martha, John walked him back to his suite. As they were walking, John took the opportunity to praise Sherlock. “I didn’t get a chance to tell you, with all the excitement, how brilliant you were today. The way you put those clues together and solved that murder – amazing!” Sherlock turned bright red, and John grinned up at him. “It’s terrible, but I almost wish there would be another murder tomorrow, just so I could see your amazing brain at work again.”
John felt his pulse picking up speed. “And?” he prompted.
After the curtain closed, John hurried backstage – he simply could not wait until the end of the play to talk to Sherlock and tell him he returned his feelings. He found Sherlock sat on a bench, having his photo taken. The photographer was trying to get Sherlock to smile, and Sherlock was ignoring him. Then suddenly, Sherlock noticed John stood by the photographer, and his whole face softened, forming into a loving almost-smile. “Perfect,” the photographer was saying, but John barely heard him. He was staring at Sherlock, enraptured, as the realization hit him that this was the photograph he had first fallen in love with.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s only response was to grin, turn on his heel, and bound down the stairs.
“What? A trip? Where?” The secretary looked alarmed. “And what will I tell all the patients who are waiting to see you?”
John collapsed next to him, also breathing heavily. “That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
“Or any other time, apparently,” John retorted. “You’re probably already underweight, and you just spent a lot of energy running from the police. You’ll pass out from hunger if you don’t eat soon. Come on, I’ll get you something.”
John smirked. Now that description better fit the Sherlock Holmes he felt he was beginning to know! “Why did he change?” he asked.
John entered the room and found himself in a sort of museum exhibit displaying the history of the hotel. He looked at the objects in the display cases with mild interest, until a funny, tingly feeling came over him. He almost felt like someone was watching him, except instead of feeling wary, he felt intrigued. Slowly, John turned around to discover what it was behind him that was giving him this strange feeling. What he saw took his breath away.
Now for the bad news: this is the chapter where it gets sad. If anyone wants to leave it on a happy note, I'd advise you to stop reading at "They returned to their breakfast, and the conversation moved to other topics," which is a little more than half-way through the chapter. I totally understand if you want to stop reading here, although I hope at least some of you will stick with me until the end.
John’s eyes widened at that. Was Greg talking about Mycroft Holmes?
John nodded and hurried off in the direction of the attic, Lestrade on his heels. “I’m really sorry about interrupting your vacation,” John told him.
John just grinned up at him. “Okay. I’ll shave for you.” He winked at Sherlock, who blushed again.
John instantly felt remorse. “Okay, sorry.” He stepped back to give Sherlock some space. “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
John cleared his throat awkwardly, realizing his mistake – of course Sherlock wouldn’t have heard the piece; it hadn’t been written yet. “Well, I’ll introduce you to it sometime.” Hoping to distract Sherlock, he took his hand, and it seemed to work, as Sherlock tensed slightly beside him. However, Sherlock didn’t pull his hand away, so John held on, and soon Sherlock relaxed. They walked hand-in-hand until they reached St. Paul’s, where they sat on the steps, shoulders touching, and watched the passers-by. Sherlock amused John by telling him the secrets of everyone they saw.
Sherlock smiled at him, looking as head-over-heels as John felt. “I love you, too.”
“Ah ha! I knew it!” Mike pointed an accusatory finger at John, but his eyes were twinkling. “You were always ridiculing me, saying it was just a dumb show, and now you want in on the secret. Well, well.”
“I’m sorry, I have no idea, sir,” the woman said, closing the door in John’s face but leaving him no less determined than before.
John’s gaze followed the line of her finger to where Sherlock was dancing with someone. “Thank you,” John said, and walked onto the dance floor. When he got closer to Sherlock, he could see that he was dancing with an old woman who was more than a head shorter than him and about twice his girth. She seemed to be chattering constantly, and Sherlock was scowling heavily and wincing as if her chattering were causing him physical pain. John suspected that it was taking every bit of strength he had not to shout at her to shut up.
John slowly opened his eyes. His vision was blurred, but as he blinked the sleep out of his eyes, the room around him started coming into focus. The first thing he saw was an ornate mirror hanging on the wall. That hadn’t been in his old room in 1980! John closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them again. The mirror was still there. He hadn’t just imagined it! His heart pounding and his stomach fluttering with excitement, John finally sat up and took in the rest of the room. It was filled with ornate furnishings and decorations, the walls covered in floral wallpaper. From outside, John could hear the sound of horses’ hooves. He couldn’t help the small, joyous laugh that escaped his lips. “I made it,” he whispered to himself, grinning widely.
Greg sounded affronted when he replied, “I wasn’t flirting with him. I was just talking to him. He’s a very interesting man. He manages a theatre company he’s here with.”
“Yes, yes, her,” Sherlock said impatiently. “Let’s go!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Lestrade shook his head. “Don’t be. Any excuse to not have to spend time with the wife…”
, he was about to meet his beloved Sherlock Holmes.
“Well,
Sherlock Holmes had acted as if he had known John. He had said, “Come back to me.” It had made no sense to John at the time, and it still didn’t make much sense to him now. But somehow, in some crazy, convoluted way that John didn’t understand, he and Sherlock Holmes were irrevocably connected, and had been long before John fell in love with his portrait. “
Laughing, John decided to put him out of his misery. He stepped up behind the old woman, intending to cut in. Sherlock noticed him over the woman’s head; his eyes went wide and he stopped dancing abruptly, causing the woman, who had been following, to stumble a bit. John tapped her on the shoulder, and she graciously moved out of the way, allowing John to take Sherlock’s left hand in his right and place his other hand on Sherlock’s shoulder the way she had done, hoping it wasn’t obvious that he didn’t know the first thing about dancing. Sherlock, for his part, let John take his hand but then just continued to stand there, staring down at him. John grinned up at him, hoping his brightest smile would snap Sherlock out of whatever sort of trance he seemed to have gone into.
“Flirting with the theatre manager?” Sherlock looked gleeful.
“Well then, I’ll leave you to get settled in. If you need anything, you can find me in the bungalow in back of the hotel.” Mrs Hudson started to leave the room, but then paused and turned back to John. “Have we met before?”
“Yes, I am,” John replied.
Finally, he was ready. He laid down on his bed next to the tape player and tried to relax, as his own voice washed over him, continually saying that it was the 27
John stepped into the room, his heart pounding in excitement and anticipation. The first thing he noticed was a long navy-blue coat hanging on a peg on the wall – the coat Sherlock Holmes had been wearing at John’s graduation party. John walked over to it, barely resisting the urge to reach out and touch the thick material. “That was his favourite coat,” Doyle informed him.
Mary shook her head.
"Cum with me John, cum for me," he whispered into Johns ear. The next moment John came with a loud cry of 'Sherlock', and the clamping down of his muscles around Sherlock's own cock instigated his own release.
"How much do you know?" he asked nervously.
"Yeah about three months actually," he informed him. He heard Mycroft exhale shakily.
The wedding had been small, as in only Mycroft and Mrs Hudson. With the threat of Moriarty still at large they hadn't wanted their relationship to be widely known. Plenty of people had assumed they were together, something which John wished with all his heart that he could confirm. At the start it had been because they wanted to keep their relationship private, afterwards it was because they were protecting each other.
Mycroft sat at his desk observing his brother. Sherlock was currently reclined flat on his back having his face shaved. The long hair had been cut back to its' normal length and he was currently reading the paper. He pondered on what he was going to tell Sherlock, many things had changed over the two years since he had been gone, the most important one of those was the going's on of his brothers husband. It had been two years since he'd seen the man, but he'd obviously been busy. He had a few suspicions, nothing he could prove at the moment though. His phone buzzed, signalling the arrival of a new text.
"Kid's will do that to you." John nodded before stiffening at the chime of his mobile going off. He quickly reached for it.
John sighed, wiping the tears off of his face.
Sherlock moaned at Johns words, and quickly removed his fingers, causing John to feel empty. Sherlock quickly squeezed out some more lube and slicked his cock up, before positioning himself before John's entrance. He slowly pushed in, both of them groaning at the feeling. John's muscles pulled him in further, until finally Sherlock was fully sheaved in John. Their foreheads met and hands grasped. They started to move against each other, losing themselves in the rhythm of their lovemaking. John reached up and pulled Sherlock in for a crushing kiss, tongues plundering each other's mouths as their coupling became more frantic.
'I'm sorry John but we had no idea as to her movements tonight, she's much more difficult to track than expected. I will assume that she didn't expect him to survive, leaving you as an again grieving best friend with his new wife to lean on, making you once again reliant on her. She will believe that she has entirely won.'
John smiled.
'Course I did, it was your brothers life on the line,' he stared fondly at the comatose detective. 'I'd do anything for him Mycroft, I have done everything for him. I just hope he doesn't hate me when we explain all of this to him, he hates being left out.'
Sherlock huffed, as if he couldn’t believe John had the nerve to not know what he was talking about. “The science of deduction, John. Do try to keep up.” It was so condescending, but John found it oddly charming. For a moment he wondered vaguely what was wrong with him, but was soon caught up again in his amazement as Sherlock finally explained. “I can read a man’s profession in his finger nails, his clothing, or his expression. I can look at a stranger in the street and tell you what they’ve just been doing or where they’re headed. One look at you and I knew everything about you. Well,” he added, sounding frustrated, “nearly everything.”
, he thought.
Finally, she opened the door, tying the sash of a dressing gown and looking still half asleep. She looked up at him in bleary-eyed confusion, seemingly too tired to even notice the vintage suit John was still wearing. “Is something the matter, dear?” she asked, stifling a yawn.
“Why did you say ‘Is it you?’” John asked when Sherlock broached the subject.
But it was only a matter of time before John had to admit to himself that it wasn’t working. He would never be able to go back to 1912. For the first time in years, John sobbed. He sobbed for himself and the love he had lost, for his unfulfilled dreams and the perfect life he would never have. But mostly, he sobbed for Sherlock, his Sherlock. His brilliant, beautiful, youthful, rebellious, joyous,
“Ok, fine.” The secretary offered him a placating smile. “Is Mary going with you?”
The maid stared at him for a moment, then asked, “And what man is that, sir?”
“I don’t know,” Doyle admitted, “but the change seems to have occurred around 1912, after he starred in a play, and solved a murder, at the Baker Street Hotel. He fell into a depression and started taking cocaine. Apparently he was found high for the first time before even leaving the hotel, although I don’t know how he managed to find illegal cocaine there.”
“Nice to meet you, Martha,” Lestrade said. “I was wondering if you could help me out. I’m trying to solve a puzzle and you seem like the kind of smart girl who would be able to help. Do you think you could answer some questions for me?”
The attic was dusty, and filled with cobwebs and old things. Nevertheless, it didn’t take John too long to find the box of guest registration books. John sifted through them until he found the book labelled “1912,” then, with a growing feeling of anticipation, he skimmed through that book, looking for the 27
John looked out at the street. A nicely dressed gentleman was headed in the direction of the brothel. “Oh, alright, I’ll give it a try,” John said. He turned to Sherlock. “But if I get caught and arrested, you’d better bail me out.”
Doyle’s cryptic reply was, “They certainly had a difficult relationship.”
John pulled his fingers out of Sherlock, coated his hand in Vaseline, and slicked up his cock, before wiping his hand off on the sheets. He felt a brief twinge of guilt at the idea of not using a condom, but he was clean and he knew Sherlock must be as well, so he decided it was okay.
John continued his search for Sherlock Holmes, taking the elevator down to the foyer. When the door opened, John made to leave the elevator, but then stopped, enraptured. In theory, he had known what he was coming back in time to, but he hadn’t fully grasped or really even thought about what it would actually be like. John gazed out at the foyer, which was just as ornate and decorative as the room upstairs had been and was filled with elegantly dressed, clearly very wealthy people. John felt his jaw drop slightly.
“Okay, dear. I’m coming in,” the voice said. John heard a key turn in the lock, and the woman hurried into his room. It was Mrs Hudson. John glanced at her and was immediately flooded with memories of her as a little girl, of her criminal father, and of the case he and Sherlock had solved together. Blinking back tears, John turned away from Mrs Hudson and back toward the wall.
So that's it! I was nervous at first about posting this fic, but you all have made it an absolute pleasure. I can't thank you enough for taking the time to read this story and leaving lovely comments. And Katie, thank you so much for all your help.
John laughed, then said, trying to sound casual, “Speaking of when we were bright young things, I heard you finally built that Tardis you were always talking about.”
John sat up slowly and stretched, his muscles groaning in protest. He stood up, stamping the feeling back into his feet, before smoothing the wrinkles out of his suit and heading into the hotel, towards suite 221.
Sherlock had tears in his eyes. “You’re everything to me, too, John.”
Here's the next chapter! The portrayal of Arthur Conan Doyle in this chapter is based on my imagination and does not necessarily reflect what he was like. Also, I borrowed this chapter title directly from the scene selection on the Somewhere in Time DVD, so credit for that goes to Universal Pictures.
John shook his head and chuckled softly at Sherlock’s high standards as the elevator stopped and the attendant pulled open the grate for them. Sherlock rushed out of the elevator, pulling John with him, and headed down the hall at such a brisk pace that John almost had to jog to keep up. He stopped abruptly in front of room 221B and started trying to pick the lock, which was when John noticed how badly his hands were shaking. “Hey, it’s okay.” He rubbed Sherlock’s back soothingly. “We don’t have to do this if you don’t want to.”
“Oh, umm,” Sherlock cut him off. He looked embarrassed. “There’s a jar of Vaseline under the bed. I stole it from Mycroft and hid it there prior to the play, you know, just in case.” He shifted uncomfortably.
Thanks for reading! Hope you like this new chapter!
I hope you enjoyed seeing the boys interact more in this chapter, as well as the little look into Sherlock's head and his relationship with Mycroft at the end. I'll be back with more next week, and in the meantime, I'd love to hear your thoughts!
To his relief, she stopped making the noises and replied, “Most likely exploring by the lake, my dear.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John raised Sherlock’s chin, forcing him to look at him. “There’s no need to be embarrassed.” He kissed Sherlock first on his bright red cheek and then on his lips. “I want that too.” Sherlock gave him a small smile.
Such lovely comments this past week! Thank you all so much; they made me so happy! Hope everyone enjoys the next chapter!
When he came back to his senses, he found he was laying on top of Sherlock, who gave him a droopy-eyed, sleepy smile. John quickly rolled off of him and moved Sherlock’s limp body so that his head could rest on John’s chest, tucked neatly underneath his chin. Sherlock wrapped his long arms around John’s torso, murmured, “I love you, John,” and promptly fell asleep.
John grinned as he followed Sherlock into the cab. “Baker Street Hotel,” he told the cabby, and then added to Sherlock, “The attic.”
“All day!?!” John exclaimed, indignant. He started to rant loudly about how ridiculous it was that Sherlock didn’t have any time to himself, but Sherlock shushed him, looking frantically over his shoulder.
“John?” His horror must have shown on his face, because Sherlock sounded concerned. But John could not respond, as he suddenly felt as if he were being pulled back through a tunnel. At the other end of the tunnel, he could see Sherlock, screaming his name, “John! Joooohn!” John tried to get back to him, reaching out towards the love of his life, but it was too late. He had already slipped away.
Sherlock sighed again. “It’s not that simple, John. You have no idea how powerful he is. He’d never let me get away with leaving the company. And even if I escaped, I have no money to live on my own; Mycroft controls all my income. And it’s not like I can go back to living with my parents at this point. I’m 25, and I haven’t lived with them since I was 16!”
Thanks for reading and enjoy the chapter!
Sherlock drove recklessly through the streets of London. He pushed the horse to go faster and faster, taking sharp turns far too quickly. John kept expecting them to crash or the carriage to tip over. He couldn’t remember the last time he had done something so dangerous. And he couldn’t remember ever being happier.
, John thought. He had never been overly conscientious of fashion anyway, so he was fairly confident that he could pull off that cover.
“Isn’t it?” Sherlock asked again, this time sounding impatient and slightly unsure.
John stared at Sherlock in shock, his mouth slightly agape. “That…was amazing.”
John laughed. “If you say so.”
Sherlock gave him a strange look. “Don’t be ridiculous, John. That was almost a quarter-century ago. Besides, Jack the Ripper wasn’t real. The murders were obviously conducted by several different men. After the first one was published in the papers, it was easy enough for other murderers to imitate the killing style, and the more notoriety the name got, the more appealing the imitation game became. Much easier to get away with a murder when everyone thinks it’s the work of a mythical mass-killer.”
Who is "M" and what do they want with John? Stay tuned! Things are about to get serious!
John laughed, kissed Sherlock again, and then leaned over the edge of the bed to peer underneath. Sure enough, there was a jar of Vaseline hidden just far enough into the shadows that John wouldn’t have seen it if he hadn’t known to look for it. He grasped it triumphantly and sat back up, looking down at Sherlock tenderly.
Sherlock huffed impatiently. “I simply observed, like anyone could do, if everyone else wasn’t an idiot. I’m almost certain the murderer was the desk clerk! If we go question the little girl, we can find out for certain!”
John felt a weight settle in the pit of his stomach. “Oh. Yeah, of course, you’re on tour, I should’ve realized.” He cleared his throat against the lump that was suddenly forming there. “Where are you going?”
“No, wait, hang on.” John held up a hand. “You can’t make a game out of picking people’s pockets.”
Once Martha was comfortably seated in a porch chair far too large for her, John knelt down in front of her once more, pulled his handkerchief out of his pocket, and started dabbing gently at her cheek, which had started to bleed a bit. He continued to question Martha as he worked. “Does your father hurt you often?”
“Perhaps he won’t be that bad, sir,” the maid said. “There must be something you like about ‘im.”
“Holmes!” he exclaimed, grinning. “I thought the theatre company was still touring.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Here's the next chapter! It's in the tags, but I feel I should warn you that this is the first chapter where we'll see (non-graphic) child abuse. Thanks as always to everyone reading, everyone who's left comments and kudos, and Katie for her awesome beta work. Enjoy!
“Thank you, sir,” Sherlock said, and grasped the man’s hand in a quick handshake. Then the man patted him lightly on the shoulder and turned to head into the building. As soon as the door had shut behind him, Sherlock broke character and came strolling back to where John and Wiggins waited in the alley. “One guinea, a half-crown, two shillings, and three farthings,” Sherlock said, opening his hand to show off the collection of coins he had gotten from the man.
“No, of course not,” John soothed him, running a hand over his cheek. “You’ve done everything perfectly. But I just realized that we have nothing to use as lubricant.” Come to think of it, John didn’t even know what people used for lube in 1912. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. There are other ways…”
“Nevertheless, that’s what he wants. You know Mr Holmes,” the other said.
…” Sherlock trailed off at John’s look.
Happy Thanksgiving to all who celebrate!
An attractive, dark-haired woman answered the door. The John Watson of only a few weeks ago wouldn’t have thought twice about trying to flirt with her, but there was only one person on John’s mind now. “Hello, is Mr Sherlock Holmes here?” he asked.
“I don’t eat breakfast,” was Sherlock’s immediate response.
Still, John’s first goal was to find Sherlock Holmes, so after making sure that Martha was happily occupied with a doll in the foyer, he continued his search, deciding to try the theatre.
the 27
John looked up at him. He was looking pensive and was seemingly oblivious to the apple juice dribbling down his chin. John reached up and wiped it away for him, and was thrilled when Sherlock didn’t seem to mind. “It’s Rachmaninoff.”
“Well, no, not exactly,” John admitted, even though he knew that Mycroft already knew the answer.
John’s blood was boiling by the end of Mycroft’s speech. “Do you really think so little of me?” he yelled. “I love him, all of him, and I would never,
Lestrade held out his hand for Sherlock to shake. Sherlock looked at it for a second, then turned his attention back to the corpse. Lestrade, to his credit, brushed off Sherlock’s rudeness. He crouched down next to the corpse and started examining it as well. “The body’s still fairly fresh,” he said after a few moments. “It’s been here for less than a day.”
“Still looking for Mr Holmes?” the woman asked him, interrupting his thoughts.
John decided to go through the desk. Most of the drawers were filled with seemingly innocuous files, but the bottom-most drawer was locked. John turned to the boy. “Do you know where Mr Hudson keeps the key to this drawer?”
John thought, feeling elated.
Sherlock dropped into his dressing table chair and stared into the mirror in despair. How was he possibly going to find John before he had to leave?
(See the end of the chapter for
Thanks again to those who have left comments and kudos! Enjoy!
“Excuse me,” John interrupted. “Sorry to bother you. I was wondering if anyone had seen Mr Sherlock Holmes?” The director and actors stared at him for a moment, before returning to their rehearsal as if he hadn’t spoken at all. John stood there awkwardly for a moment before wandering off, nonplussed. Why did no one seem to want to tell him where Sherlock Holmes was?
Sherlock hesitated before answering. “I was expecting…someone.”
Sherlock furrowed his brow in confusion. “I love his music, but I’ve never heard this one. How could I have never heard one of his pieces?”
“Getting out?” came an annoyed voice from behind him, and John quickly apologized before stepping out into the foyer.
Hoping that they would be in the adjoining room arguing for long enough for him to get away, John slipped out from behind the chair and made his way out the door as quickly and quietly as possible.
As promised, here's the next chapter!
Sherlock jutted out his chin in defiance. “You can’t stop me from seeing him again.”
They've finally kissed! I hope you all enjoyed this chapter, and I hope everyone has a wonderful Halloween!
Half an hour later, a cab pulled up in front of a grand building on the other side of London. A sign outside the building read: Baker Street Hotel, Established 1887. In the back of the cab, the old man from John’s party wiped tears from his face and formed his features into an emotionless mask, before paying the cabbie, exiting the cab, and entering the hotel. When he reached his hotel suite, a moustachioed man met him at the door. “Did you have a nice afternoon?” he asked, only to be ignored by the old man, who removed his coat, went into the bedroom, and slammed the door behind him. Once alone, the old man allowed his sorrow to overtake his expression once more, and his whole body slumped in defeat. He picked up an old violin and cradled it lovingly in his frail arms, before lifting it to his chin and drawing the bow smoothly across the strings, pulling out a beautiful, sad melody that brought tears to his eyes once again.
The man ignored him. “Officer!” he yelled. “This man was trying to pick-pocket me!”
“Thanks so much, Mrs Hudson! And could you tell me where the nearest library is?”
, his mind helpfully supplied. He also remembered that Greg had talked as if he had some kind of law enforcement job. Deciding it would be faster to speak with him directly, John changed course and headed over to him instead.
“He keeps that key with him all the time,” the boy replied. “I’m not allowed to look in there.”
Mycroft heaved a long-suffering sigh. “Please try to understand, Sherlock. I do want you to be happy. I want that very much. I’m simply trying to protect you from pain and heartbreak.”
The girl looked down at her lap, before finally whispering, “Father.”
“Did you see someone just try to get in here?” Greg asked him as he approached the doorway again.
Sherlock was immediately on the defensive. “I wasn’t startled.”
“I want you,” Sherlock gasped out. “Now. I’m ready.”
, something
. He struggled for what seemed like a long time, but he finally had to give up, panting from exertion. The knots were expertly tied, and they were tight.
“How dare you –” Mycroft began, but John cut him off.
“Oh?” Lestrade looked at him with an expression of surprise. “Do you have experience with investigating murders?”
Sorry this update was so short, but I promise the next two chapters will make up for it!
, John thought. He checked his watch; there was still more than a half-an-hour left until the restaurant would open. He might as well check it out.
Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief. “For one moment there I thought you had a wife and child back home somewhere.”
“Rome,” Sherlock whispered, looking down and blinking hard.
John clenched his hand into a fist as anger built up in him once again. He looked to Sherlock for direction.
The unexpected question startled John. “Have we…no, I don’t think so.”
John stilled his fingers and kissed Sherlock’s ankle. “What do you want, Sherlock?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mycroft is sleeping in the next room,” Sherlock whispered. “I don’t want him to wake up; he wouldn’t approve of me talking to you like this.”
His musings were soon interrupted, however, when his stomach gave a loud grumble. Chuckling softly to himself, John carefully extricated himself from Sherlock’s long limbs and got out of bed. He dressed, but after a moment’s thought, left his jacket where it lay on the floor, so that if Sherlock woke up, he would know John was coming back. Then he headed downstairs in search of breakfast.
When they broke apart, Sherlock suddenly kicked into a new gear, planning their future together, talking a mile a minute. “I’ll leave Mycroft’s company for good, and we’ll get a little flat together in London, someplace nice and central where there will be plenty of excitement. You can set up a medical practice, and I’ll be a detective! We’ll solve crimes together and have all kinds of exciting adventures and never be bored. We’ll get married and be together always.”
John grinned and put his mouth to the keyhole. “Please open the door? It’s John Watson.”
Sherlock burst into his dressing room and started to pace. “Did he leave a message?”
“No, you’re not,” Sherlock contradicted.
“Of course you can.” John smiled fondly at him.
Sherlock looked surprised at the question. “I don’t remember. What day is it?”
“How do you do that?” John asked in amazement.
“What do you mean?” Doyle looked at him quizzically.
The woman pointed to the dance floor at the centre of the room. “Over there.”
“Is he going to hang?” Mr Hudson’s assistant asked.
It was raining as John reached Arthur Conan Doyle’s house the next morning. He hurried under the shelter of the house’s porch, then hesitated only briefly before knocking. He didn’t have to wait long before the door opened to reveal an older man with an impressive moustache.
Lost, John looked to Wiggins for answers, but Wiggins just grinned at him and followed after Sherlock. John shook his head and followed after them, thinking that Sherlock was being completely infuriating by not explaining to John what he was up to, and that something must be wrong with him, because he found that it only made him love Sherlock more.
As John walked, he realized that he had come to a very nice part of London, an area he hadn’t been to since his time at St. Bart’s. He was soon lost in thought, reminiscing about his years in medical school and his then best friend, Mike Stamford, whom he had since lost contact with, so at first he didn’t notice when he passed the hotel. However, the growing ache in his arms from carrying his bags for so long quickly called him back to reality, and he did double take at the sign he had just passed: Baker Street Hotel, Established 1887. John glanced at the beautiful hotel in front of him, which seemed to back onto Regent’s Park, and promptly decided that this was the place where he would spend his vacation.
It took several tries, but eventually John managed to get the door unlocked. As the door swung open, he turned to look at Sherlock, who took a deep breath before stepping through the doorway. John followed after him. Sherlock walked into the centre of the room, before he turned around to face John, a small smile on his beautiful lips. He slowly eased out of his suit jacket and let it fall to the floor, looking at John bashfully through his lashes. John gently eased the door shut behind him and moved slowly towards Sherlock. He wrapped his arms around him and kissed him deeply, and he felt Sherlock’s arms wrap around his shoulders as he kissed back. John worked one hand up into Sherlock’s hair, gently tugging on a curl, and Sherlock broke off the kiss with a gasp. “
As John crossed the foyer, staring around him in wonder, he suddenly heard a shout coming from a room behind the front desk. “Get out of here, Martha!” a voice growled, then John heard the tell-tale sound of knuckles on flesh followed by a high-pitched wail. A moment later, a tiny girl ran out the room crying, threw herself into a chair in the foyer, and buried her face in her hands. John looked in concern for a moment at the little girl, before approaching her. He knelt in front of her chair and reached out a hand to gently touch her small shoulder. The little girl looked up, and John could see a large bruise forming on her tear-stained cheek.
John ignored the jab. For the first time, he felt that he was beginning to understand Mycroft. He took a deep breath. “I owe you an apology,” he said. “All this time, I’ve assumed your need to control Sherlock came from some bloody power complex, but now I see that you truly care for him and only want him to succeed. But I also pity you. Despite all your love for him, you don’t really know your brother.”
, John thought. He turned to Lestrade. “Are we allowed to pick this lock?”
John was beginning to despair, but suddenly he heard a familiar voice calling, “JOHN?”
“Good!” Maud’s voice came from the other room. “It will be nice to get away from you for a few hours!”
Sherlock was pacing back and forth on the stage, huffing dramatically (John chuckled to himself at how similarly to the real Sherlock this character was behaving). A maid entered the stage next. “Good evening, sir.” She spoke in a thick cockney accent.
Martha’s face screwed up as she seemed to consider Lestrade’s request. Beside him, John could sense Sherlock fidgeting impatiently. He placed a hand on his knee as a gentle warning not to interrupt Lestrade’s interrogation.
“Oh, it is very much my concern,” Mycroft replied silkily.
John struggled into a sitting position, and then began to work frantically to free his hands from the ropes.
Mr Hudson scowled after him, then turned back to John. “Well, now that’s sorted, would you care to sign the register?”
A secretary stuck her head in the room. “Mrs Reeves, thrush,” she announced, and John made an impulsive decision.
Today I am grateful for these two adorable idiots for giving me something to obsess over, for Katie for being a wonderful beta, and for all of you for reading this story!
Mycroft gave him a tight, very fake smile. “No, thank you.”
Sherlock held out the pipe to John. “Light it for me.”
“Was he really as, I don’t know, controlling as you seem to indicate in the book?” John asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, I was wondering, you know in the Hall of History, there’s a photograph of a young man? There’s no name plate.”
, John read,
On the other side of the door, Mycroft leaned against the wall, for once allowing his expressionless mask to fall, despair showing on his face. The cruel words he had spoken to Sherlock rang in his ears. Surely his little brother would despise him now. It would have been worth it, if that was what it took to keep Sherlock safe from heartbreak. However, the worst part was that it hadn’t worked at all. His foolish brother refused to be warned away from John Watson. Mycroft could only hope that he could get Sherlock away from London before he found Watson, and that once they were gone, he could keep Sherlock busy enough that he would forget about this whole episode.
“But John,” Sherlock complained. “I’m performing tonight. I don’t eat when I have a performance.”
“So,” he continued, glad they were now officially on a first-name basis. “When can I see you today?”
John threw himself onto his old bed and desperately tried to hypnotize himself again. “It’s 29
The man watched her with a look of annoyance. “I really don’t know why you’re acting so upset.”
Feeling incredibly awkward, John made his way over to the door, but he stopped and turned around when Sherlock called out his name. “I shall leave a ticket for you at the theatre door,” Sherlock said.
“Obviously,” said Sherlock. “It’s cocaine.”
” and John felt him clench around his finger.
“Just tell them they’ll have to come back another day!” John exclaimed. “I don’t care anymore! I need a break!”
Surprise! I'm very busy tomorrow so I decided to post a day early (and my beta, Katie, was kind enough to have this chapter ready to go early despite her own busy schedule).
“John,” he panted. “I want…I want…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s face lit up, and he looked very pleased with himself as he turned to face forward again. John felt a warm rush of love course through him for the beautiful, brilliant, crazy young man sat next to him. John wanted him to look that happy all the time.
John shook his head, exasperated. “Because, it’s stealing, Sherlock. It’s illegal.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but John persisted. “It’s
June 1912, it’s 29
“Not good at all,” Sherlock replied shortly. “Particularly bad. I’ll not go downstairs again.”
John exited the theatre to find a beautiful sunset over the lake. He scanned the shoreline, hoping desperately for some sign of the elusive Sherlock Holmes. Sure enough, he saw something that made his heart speed up in his chest. Outlined against the sunset was the silhouette of someone tall and thin standing by the lake. John could make out curly hair fluttering in the breeze and a long coat billowing out dramatically.
“But hold on,” Lestrade said. “You still haven’t explained how you know any of this.”
“What, sibling rivalry?” John laughed, but when Doyle didn’t seem to find it as amusing as he did, he looked around the room awkwardly. That was when he noticed a familiar name on the spine of a book sat on a bookshelf in the corner. “Oh wow.” John walked over to the bookshelf. “May I?” he asked, indicating the book, and after Doyle nodded his assent, John picked up the book. “This was written by one of my best mates from uni and med school, Mike Stamford. We’ve unfortunately lost touch since; I didn’t know he had written a book!”
“Yes,” John said, his hopes rising again. “But you were there.”
“Hi, my name is John Watson.” John offered his hand for a handshake. “I just read your biography on Sherlock Holmes and I really enjoyed it.”
John laughed. “Everyone needs sleep!” he exclaimed. However, at Sherlock’s annoyed look, he held up his hands in a placating gesture. “Okay, fine. We’ll just have to agree to disagree on this for now. Anyway, would you like to go to breakfast with me?”
Believe it or not, Mycroft is my favorite character, so it broke my heart a little to make him the antagonist of this story. I don't expect anyone to like him after reading this, but I hope you at least understand his motivations better.
“Don’t presume to tell me what my brother wants and doesn’t want,” Mycroft snapped. “You barely know him! I’ve known him his entire life.”
“It’s beautiful,” John breathed.
John had no weapon and no time or energy to come up with a clever way to end his life. He briefly considered just throwing himself from the window, but his room was only on the third floor – not necessarily high enough for the impact to kill him. But if he went higher…
As the days passed, John fell deeper into a depression. He tried drinking away the pain, ordering scotch after scotch at the hotel bar until the bartender cut him off, but after waking up with the worst hangover of his life, with a throbbing pain in his head to match the one in his leg, he gave up on that. Instead, he took to sitting in his room, staring at the wall, unmoving. He had no desire to do anything else anymore. Sherlock had given his life more meaning than he had ever known before, and now, without him, John’s life seemed pointless. He wasn’t sure it was even worth living anymore.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why, what is it?” John still hadn’t caught on.
, John thought.
“You’re beautiful,” was John’s reply, causing Sherlock to blush. He knelt in front of Sherlock once again and pulled off his shoes and socks, kissing each of Sherlock’s toes before standing. He then leaned over and experimentally licked one of Sherlock’s nipples. Sherlock let out a loud moan. “Let’s get you out of these trousers, alright?” John whispered.
John didn’t think he could answer that question without making Sherlock suspicious, so he said, “Don’t you already know?”
Sherlock turned bright red. He swallowed hard. “I don’t frequent brothels,” he said quickly, looking like he would like nothing more than for the ground to swallow him up.
John pulled his legs up onto the bed so that he was knelt facing Sherlock, and Sherlock followed his lead, turning to face John with the head of the bed at his back and stretching out his legs in front of him. John slowly leaned over Sherlock, gently easing him back so that his head hit the pillow, his dark curls a stark contrast to the white bedding. Sherlock wrapped an arm around John’s back. He stared up at John, his expression open and vulnerable, but also trusting. John felt his heart clench with the intensity of his love for Sherlock. He leaned down and kissed him, and Sherlock immediately pulled him closer, wrapping both his arms and his legs around him, his hands glossing over John’s back.
“Well I’ll be damned,” Greg said. “I came to this fancy hotel to escape troublemakers like that. The lad is damn lucky I’m on vacation and can’t be bothered to investigate the matter.”
. I could be a detective. A brain like mine would be loads of help to the police. Idiots. Of course I could put my acting talent to use when interrogating suspects. But the point isn’t acting; the point is that it would actually be a
“No, actually…” Sherlock’s voice was tentative. “I think I liked it when you called me ‘Sherlock.’” He smiled shyly.
John threw himself out of bed and hurried out of his room as quickly as his limp would allow. He got in the elevator and rode all the way up, until he reached the top floor, then took the stairs to the roof.
Then John turned to Sherlock and hugged him, and Sherlock melted into his embrace. “I thought he was going to hurt you,” he murmured into Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock lifted his head and smiled at him. “No, obviously not, John.”
“Yes,” Sherlock whispered, looking at the ground.
The first thing John noticed when he regained consciousness was the sound of a radio announcer droning on. He opened his eyes to find himself lying on a carpeted floor in an unfamiliar hotel room. He slowly sat up, feeling nauseous and feverish, and found, to his horror, that the décor in the room was unmistakably modern. From outside, he could hear the sounds of car horns blaring. John thought he might be sick.
“You fool!” Mr Hudson exclaimed, and the boy quaked. “Go get another key for this man!” As the boy scampered over to the shelves to get another key, Mr Hudson gave John a half-apologetic look, but John only glared back, and Mr Hudson’s expression turned back to a scowl. He continued scowling as the boy brought the new key over to the counter and held it out to John.
So he was shocked when he looked back up at Sherlock and found him looking absolutely gleeful. “Oh, this is wonderful!” Sherlock exclaimed.
“No,” Maud replied shortly, continuing to rush about.
When John returned to room 221B, Sherlock was awake and pacing, wrapped only in a bed sheet. He rounded on John as he entered the room. “Where did you go?”
“No, I don’t think you will,” said Sherlock boldly. He nodded towards Lestrade. “He’s going to arrest you for illegal drug trade and murder.”
John continued to speak for a long time. Finally, he stopped, rewound the tape, and pushed “play.” As his own voice began to speak to him, he finished his preparations to go back in time, moving everything out of sight that could possibly remind him of the present. He started to fill the pockets of his suit with coins, when suddenly he remembered the dates. They were dated from after 1912; they would have to go. John pulled the handful of coins back out of his pocket and dumped them in the closet with his other modern things. John filled his pockets with a few other useful things, like a handkerchief and a straight razor. Then, for a prop, John stuck Sherlock Holmes’ pipe in his jacket pocket, adding some matches as well to make it more believable.
Mr Hudson nodded, then turned to the shelves where the room keys were stored and brought one back to John, grimacing and bringing a hand up to massage his shoulder as he handed it over. John glanced down at the key and felt a jolt of panic. The key was for room 420. John was supposed to be in room 416. “Um, are you sure this is the right room?” he asked.
John smiled back. “Good. And you of course may call me ‘John.’”
Mike looked John straight in the eyes. “John, I’m a science fiction geek. Literally nothing will sound crazy to me.”
John took Sherlock to Borough Market, and despite Sherlock’s loud protests, bought him a pasty and an apple. Then they walked back towards the river as Sherlock reluctantly ate his food. They strolled across London Bridge, and with Sherlock at his side, John felt completely content. He started to hum his favourite tune, which suddenly didn’t sound as sad as John used to think it did.
Wiggins matched his grin and nodded. “Pick-pocketing contest.”
“No, I’m sure we haven’t. Just my silly old brain playing tricks on me.” Mrs Hudson laughed. “Enjoy your stay, Dr Watson.”
“He played it beautifully, too.” Doyle pulled a record out from a draw in the table. “Would you like to hear?”
Sherlock huffed out a sigh, but followed after him up the path towards the hotel. However, before the brothers rounded a bend in the path, leaving John’s sight, Sherlock looked back over his shoulder, to where John was watching after him, and winked at him.
John considered that. “Oh. Right. So we’re leaving Whitechapel then?”
Sherlock nodded. “He wanders around London doing what he can to get by, but he can often be found in Whitechapel, if you know where to look and if you pick the right day.” His eyes lit up in recognition. “Like today.” He stopped the carriage and jumped out as a young man got to his feet and rushed forward to greet him.
Mycroft examined his hand where it rested on the handle of his umbrella. “I worry about him. Constantly.”
Hope you enjoyed! I'll be back next week, when we meet ACD himself :)
He trailed off as Greg nodded and stood, taking his hand and shaking it. “Yes, I remember. Sorry that I was so brusque then. I didn’t introduce myself, did I? Name’s Greg Lestrade.”
John showed Sherlock to the attic, smiling to himself at how excited Sherlock seemed as he bounded up the stairs two at a time. When Sherlock reached the top, he stopped and looked around. “Oh, John,” he breathed. “This is amazing. How did you know how to get up here?”
. He smiled to himself as he remembered Mike and his Whovian fixation on time travel. But why would Sherlock Holmes be interested in time travel? He didn’t seem the science fiction type.
“You too, Watson.” Wiggins had been looking between him and Sherlock curiously, but now he smiled at him, before turning back to Sherlock. “So, what shall we do to occupy ourselves today?”
As a beautiful, sad melody filled the small room, John felt goose bumps rise on his skin, and not just because he was listening to Sherlock Holmes play the violin. “That’s my favourite music in the whole world,” he told Doyle, shocked. Why did everything about Sherlock Holmes end up relating back to him? What was their connection? John hadn’t understood back at the library when he had first discovered who Sherlock Holmes was. He had come here seeking answers, but now he still didn’t understand. But he felt that he was getting closer. Something in the back of his mind kept niggling at him, as if the answer was staring him in the face but he hadn’t noticed it yet. And then suddenly it clicked. Time travel! What if…? But that simply wasn’t possible. And yet it was his only chance. He had to talk to Mike Stamford.
Doyle shook his head in confusion. “That pipe was very precious to him. He never left it out of his possession.” He looked at John calculatingly. “It disappeared the night he died.”
“Why do you want to dance with me?” Sherlock asked after they had been dancing for a couple minutes, still sounding unsure.
“N-No it won’t!” Sherlock insisted, somehow managing to sound petulant even as he clung to his brother and sobbed into his shoulder. “J-John can never come b-back a-and it will n-never be okay again! I-I’ll n-never forget h-him!”
Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoyed it!
“I’m afraid that’s none of your concern.” John was determined to remain polite and not lose his temper.
Mrs Hudson’s reply of “1912” hit John like a blow to the stomach. 1912? So assuming the picture was taken around that time, Sherlock Holmes would be an old man by now. If he was even still alive…
“My ideal man, the one I have created in my mind. I can almost see him now before me. What would I say to him if he were really here?” Sherlock gazed out into the audience, and John realized with a jolt that he had gone off script, that he was talking to
Sherlock. Sherlock’s left hand was still tingling from where John had held it, the only skin-to-skin contact they had had. Sherlock brought the hand up to his face and touched first his cheek and then his lips, wanting to spread the John-ness to more of his body.
“Gregory Lestrade!” she exclaimed. “Where have you been, I’ve been looking all over for you! Why aren’t you ready for dinner?”
John and Lestrade found Sherlock on his hands and knees, looking closely at the corpse. He didn’t acknowledge their arrival until John cleared his throat and said firmly, “Sherlock.”
, he thought.
John smiled at her. “I’ve brought some friends who want to talk to you. Is that okay?”
“And never lets a soul forget it,” Sherlock immediately replied. “I’m amazed he has the least desire to marry. He’s so happily wedded to his gold.” John laughed again. Sherlock really did have good comic timing.
Sherlock sighed. “Mycroft makes me. I have a great talent for acting, and my brother wants me to perfect the craft so I can ‘rise to great success, make Mummy proud.’” He imitated his brother’s voice on that last bit. “But it’s all so pointless, just reciting lines for the idiots who come to see Mycroft’s plays. I want to use my talent to do something
Finally, Lestrade dropped his hand to his side and let out a breath of air. “Sorry you had to witness that,” he said.
“Well,” John said. “I think you would make a brilliant detective. You should tell your brother that you don’t want to be an actor anymore and that you’re going to be a detective instead. And if he doesn’t like it, too bad.”
“Not sure my boss would like that answer,” said Lestrade. “But it’s still enough to bring him in for questioning. Ta for all the help.” He gave Mr Hudson a tug to get him moving, and they left for Scotland Yard.
“Nice to meet you, Wiggins.” John supposed he was meant to call him by his last name, since Sherlock did.
“Never!” Mycroft exclaimed.
(See the end of the chapter for
, John thought, rolling his eyes.
John grabbed his arm and stopped him. “Wait. When can I see you again?”
Greg was still talking. “They’re performing at the hotel theatre tomorrow night. I thought we could go.”
“Why?” John asked. “Because of your brother? Forget him! We could take him in a fight anyway.” Sherlock smiled, and John played his trump card. “Besides, if you don’t come walk with me and get to know me better, how will you ever figure out where I’m from?”
. Mycroft’s plays are
John knelt before Sherlock and carefully unbuttoned his waistcoat, easing it off of him. Sherlock just sat staring down at him with big eyes, breathing hard. John hoped he wasn’t becoming overwhelmed. He stood and kissed Sherlock gently. “You okay?” he asked.
Sherlock lowered his voice conspiratorially. “I said we weren’t going to pick-pocket people who live in Whitechapel. I didn’t say we wouldn’t pick-pocket Whitechapel’s wealthier visitors. I doubt a man of your strong morals would object to us having some fun with the gentlemen who frequent this particular fine establishment.” He gestured to the building beside them.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’ve just been dining with the man my father is determined that I wed.”
“Hey mate, groovy party,” Mike teased, looking around at the mostly middle-aged crowd.
“Madam?” John prompted her for clarification.
of June, 1912.” John continued to spell out all the details for himself, as Mike had advised. “Sherlock Holmes is in this hotel at this very moment. His manager, Mycroft Holmes, is in this hotel at this very moment. The stage is being set for their performance tomorrow night.”
“My pleasure.” John began to pump in and out of Sherlock, slowly at first, then with increasing speed.
of June. He quickly found the correct date, and then skimmed over the names listed on that page until he found the name “Sherlock Holmes” written in an endearingly childish handwriting. Under Sherlock Holmes’ signature, the name “Mycroft Holmes” was written in perfect script. John noted that they had signed into rooms 221B and 221A, respectively.
Sherlock was trembling, but he nodded. Slowly, gently, John pulled Sherlock’s head down, then gently touched his lips to Sherlock’s soft, perfect ones. John heard Sherlock’s breath hitch and he started to pull back slightly to make sure he was okay, but Sherlock quickly smashed their lips back together. John grinned against Sherlock’s lips and started to kiss him again, moving his lips against Sherlock’s and drawing a whimper out of him. When John nibbled slightly on Sherlock’s plump lower lip, Sherlock gasped and went weak at the knees, and John quickly moved his hand from Sherlock’s chin to the small of his back to keep him from falling. They continued to kiss as Sherlock snaked his arms around John so that they were now both embracing the other. Sherlock was a fast learner, and he followed John’s lead as he deepened the kiss, their lips now moving together in perfect synchronicity.
“You don’t actually smoke this,” said Sherlock, picking up the pipe that was lying on the floor, having fallen out of John’s jacket pocket when the jacket was unceremoniously thrown to the ground the night before. “You just carry it around to make people think you do. Why?”
Mrs Hudson gave him a grateful smile. “Oh, thank you, dear. It does get rather difficult carrying bags all day. I’ve got a hip.” She patted her hip for emphasis, before leading John to the elevator.
“Now I am.” John pulled back from the hug just enough to plant a firm, brief kiss on Sherlock’s lips. “I was worried you had left in the night and I had lost you.”
“Please, Mike,” John practically begged.
(See the end of the chapter for
John snorted. “What, stranger danger? He’s not five!” He glanced sideways at Sherlock, whose lips were twitching up into a smile.
“It’s perfectly all right, dear,” Mrs Hudson cut him off. “No offense taken. And you’re right; it has been a long time. I first came to the hotel with my father in 1910, when he got a job here as a desk clerk. I was five years old. After my father was executed –” (
of June, 1912, that Sherlock Holmes was in the hotel with him at that very moment, that soon he would go downstairs and find him, that his mind accepted this, that he had gone back in time, that it had to happen. John lay there for a long time. When nothing happened he got up and started to pace as his voice on the tape player continued to try to no avail to convince him that it was in fact 1912. The longer John remained in 1980, the more agitated and frustrated he became. “Why the hell aren’t you working?!” John angrily yelled at the tape player, not caring how ridiculous it was to row with a machine. In desperation, John lay back down and started murmuring to himself even as the tape continued to play, trying everything he could think of to hypnotize his mind. It was all to no avail. “Damn it!” John finally yelled, violently switching off the tape player and storming out of the room.
“Dancing with you,” John replied, grinning even more.
June 1912,” he chanted to himself over and over again through his tears. “Oh, God, please. I’m back. I’m back. God.”
“Fine!” Maude spat. “I’ll just go to dinner alone, and if a nice gentleman asks me to dance, I won’t tell him I’m married.” She turned on her heel and marched in the direction of the dining room.
John grinned. “Oh, so you were counting on this, were you? And I guess that’s the real reason you wanted to come here instead of going to my room, isn’t it? Clever thing.” He kissed Sherlock’s blushing cheek, then paused. “Hang on. You stole it from
“The man’s an intruder,” a voice broke in, and John fell back down onto his heels in disappointment. He and Sherlock both turned to see Mycroft standing there with the maître d’. “Please kindly have him escorted from the premises.”
As he started to get his breath back, John felt Sherlock’s eyes on him. He looked at the younger man, and Sherlock reached tentatively toward his face, where John’s sweat had made the toilet paper still on his upper lip come loose, a questioning look in his eyes. John nodded slightly, then held eye contact as Sherlock gently peeled the paper off his skin. He relished the feeling of Sherlock’s long fingers on his face, but all too soon, Sherlock seemed to loose his nerve and dropped his hand abruptly to his side, looking away awkwardly.
John waited for him to elaborate, but when he didn’t, asked, “The what?”
John let out a half-exasperated sigh at the demanding tone in his voice, but went to do as he asked, digging around in his pocket for a match. His hand closed around a small, round object, and he drew it out without thinking, glancing carelessly at the coin in his hand. A feeling of horror came over him as he noticed the year on the coin: 1979.
“Wait, please!” In desperation, John pushed the door back open. “Please, I’m not just any enthusiast. This is something much more personal.”
John grinned and joined him. “Let’s see who can find the most interesting things,” he suggested. Sherlock nodded his agreement, and the game was on!
To John’s surprise, Sherlock suddenly looked sad. He shook his head. “There won’t be a tomorrow, John. The company is leaving London after the play tonight.”
Much to John’s relief, at that moment he was whisked away by his friend Mike Stamford. He and Mike had attended university together, and they would both be studying medicine at St. Bart’s the coming fall.
Mr Hudson turned red with rage, and then suddenly, he lunged at Sherlock. John sprang into action, wrestling Mr Hudson away from Sherlock before he could harm him, and then he helped hold him still while Lestrade handcuffed him. “How did you know all that?” Lestrade asked Sherlock.
“Except?” Mike prompted.
John opened his eyes and blinked several times to clear his vision. His mind felt fuzzy, and it took him a few moments to remember what had happened. Mycroft had had him drugged, the bastard! He was bound and gagged and lying on an uncomfortable wooden floor. As John’s mind cleared further, he realized that he was still in the shed from last night, and that judging from the hint of light peeking between the slats in the walls and roof, it was almost morning.
“Oh my God!” Sherlock exclaimed. “Don’t think about that! You’ll spoil the mood!”
, John thought fondly. He also spoke in an accent different from his own London one; John couldn’t place the accent he was using, but it sounded posh.
, John thought with a smug sense of satisfaction.
Sherlock grinned mischievously. “Pick-pocketing contest?”
Sherlock reached out his still-shaking hands and fumbled over the buttons on John’s waistcoat, clearly trying to undo them. John laughed again. “Here, let me.” He stripped out of all his clothes, throwing them carelessly on the floor, while Sherlock watched with wide eyes.
“Of course.” Sherlock got up and started pacing around the attic, talking quickly. “The wound was made with a fascine knife, which means the murderer must have served in the army at some point. Presumably the Boer War. He’s large in build, obviously. And of course he must have an extensive knowledge of the building, if he knew where the attic was…OH,” Sherlock suddenly exclaimed, eyes wide. “John! We have to go question the little girl!” He started to run towards the stairs.
John made to move further into the room, but an arm reached out and stopped him with a “Mon Cheri, we meet again.”
“For God’s sake!” exclaimed Lestrade. (John looked around uncomfortably. They were starting to attract some stares). “Would you put the bloody theatre manager to rest? And I refuse to be made to feel guilty for –” He glanced around, seemed to realize he had an audience, and lowered his voice. “For trying to solve a murder.”
John touched his upper lip with his free hand, suddenly feeling self-conscious. “Cut it shaving. Maybe I should just grow a moustache, then I won’t have to worry about cutting myself there anymore.”
“Here you are, sir,” the boy said. “I’m very sorry, sir.”
A little after nine o’clock, John entered the foyer to get his room. No one was behind the front desk, so he rang the bell and waited. After a moment, a man came out of the office behind the desk. He had large bags under his eyes, and he looked rather cross.
The spell that seemed to descend on them as they stared into each others’ eyes was broken by Wiggins, who ran up to them from the alley; he had apparently gone around the block before returning to ensure the man he had pick-pocketed wouldn’t notice him. Wiggins opened his hand, showing the coins sitting in his palm. “Not bad,” he said. “Two half-crowns and three bob.”
John lined himself up and pushed into Sherlock’s body. There was still some resistance, so John took his time, maintaining eye contact with Sherlock the whole time. It was easily the most intense experience John had ever had, staring into the depths of his love’s beautiful eyes as he eased inside of him, their bodies connecting and becoming one. He felt so in love in that moment that his heart hurt. When he finally bottomed out, a single tear trickled down Sherlock’s flushed cheek. John wiped it away with his thumb and kissed Sherlock. “You okay?” he asked.
Sherlock closed his eyes and appeared to breathe a sigh of relief, but John noticed that he still looked upset.
Sorry for the wait for this one! I was in Montreal (which I highly recommend; their gay neighborhood is very cool). This chapter is dedicated to any Mystrade fans who are reading. Also to any Potter fans, see if you can spot the Half-Blood Prince reference!
Still, there was nothing for it. John returned to his room, where he carefully combed his hair, putting in a bit of product to hold it in place. He put on some cologne, smoothed the wrinkles out of his suit as best he could, and decided it was as good as it was going to get. He was ready.
John sat in his examining room at the medical clinic he had been working at since finishing medical school. He was bored. John had dreamed of being a doctor all his life, but now that he was actually working in a clinic, it seemed like he couldn’t have chosen a more mundane career path. He had just finished with a patient (Mr Summerson, undescended testicle), and he was hoping for a bit of a break before he had to see another uninteresting patient. John turned on his record player, and his favourite song – a beautiful, sad melody – filled the room. He let out a sigh and considered calling Mary, his girlfriend.
However, when the opening music began to play and Sherlock walked out on stage, all negative thoughts left John’s mind, and his breath caught in his throat. Sherlock looked breath-taking, wearing a white tuxedo that fit him like it was made for him, his curls arranged perfectly. John applauded enthusiastically, then the play began and John became lost in just watching Sherlock act.
Martha clamped her mouth shut and frantically shook her head, tears welling up in her eyes. “Okay, okay,” Lestrade held his hands out in a placating gesture. “You don’t have to answer that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John turned to the author now stood beside him. “Mr Doyle, what was he like?”
“Mrs Hudson, I’m really sorry to wake you up,” John started, breathing heavily. “But you’re the only one who can help me. You know the things in the display cases in the Hall of History? Where do they come from?”
“It’s fine,” John told him. “I’m sorry you had to go through it.” Lestrade gave him a grateful smile.
“What about ‘painted men’?” John asked, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively.
Sherlock shook his head, his cheeks colouring slightly. “No, I want to.” His voice sounded frustrated. “I don’t know why my hands aren’t behaving.”
“Are you ready?” John asked. When Sherlock nodded in response, he gently moved Sherlock’s legs farther apart and knelt between them. He opened the jar of Vaseline and dipped his index finger in it, covering it thoroughly. He then kissed each of Sherlock’s knees, before pushing them up to his chest. He stuck a pillow under Sherlock’s hips, then he reached down and felt between Sherlock’s plush arse cheeks, finding his opening and gently rubbing over the tight pucker. Sherlock gasped. “Is this okay?” John asked him.
Warning: this chapter contains sex.
“You will stay away from him,” Mycroft ordered, voice threatening.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft stood up so he loomed over John, who craned his neck back to look up at him without batting an eye. He was used to asserting himself from a lower vantage point.
“No.” Doyle shook his head. “People who knew him when he was young said he was bright and quick-witted, a genius even, petulant, fiery-tempered and rebellious, always full of energy and life. I’m afraid he always was a bit rude, though.”
His shoulder tingled in remembrance. If he was in London, if he found out about Sherlock, he wouldn’t hesitate, and John would not allow that. He needed help, but not Mycroft. He couldn’t know about this, about any of this. He couldn’t do this on his own though.  A plan began to formulate in his mind and the next moment he strode back to their bedroom, not even realising that he no longer needed his cane. He grabbed his phone, unlocking it and scrolling down the contact list, finding the number and pressing the dial button. He heard the phone ring and then a deep and familiar voice answered.
'He realised that even if you did lie, it was for a good reason, and that still, after everything he'd been through, he still loved you. He couldn't marry mary when he didn't love her. So he was going to end it, move back to Baker Street. Back to you Sherlock. You know, I'm hoping eventually you two can figure your shit out because honestly the both of you pining after each other is kinda getting old.'
"He's not a goldfish. He's John."
‘When I went off the rails,’ John finished, steadfastly not looking at Sherlock, his hands shaking slightly. He clenched them at his sides.
'You shot Sherlock, how...how could you do that? After knowing what I was like when he died last time, how could you think to put me through it again?' He demanded.
"He has a few injuries, but nothing life threatening, there may be some scarring though."
"Yes, you, Greg, Molly and Mrs. H. I chose the people I trust the most. That is if you accept."
"I do love Sherlock, and your right he's not an easy person to live with, but mainly he's just misunderstood. He's not the same as normal people, they don't understand him. Luckily I'm pretty good at translating Holmes. He doesn't have to say anything, it's all in his actions."
"Two years Mycroft, I left him thinking I was dead for two years. It wasn't meant to take this long, six months I thought, at the longest. I underestimated the size of Moriarty's web. The pain I've caused him Myc, he's going to hate me." Mycroft sat there stunned at the amount of sorrow he heard in his brother's voice. He hadn't called him 'Myc' since he was a child, indicating the amount of emotion that he was currently feeling.
Sherlock looked bewildered.
"I…I do accept John. I … thankyou. I thoroughly look forward to meeting them. What have you named them?"
The blood.
Moriarty.
"Don't be too hard on him Mycroft, I can't have both my children's godfathers not talking to each other."
'Its not your fault John, Sherlock has a tendency to run off during cases you know that, you can't always have your eye on him. Your not to blame and I won't hear you blaming yourself. Your a good man John Watson, and you good for Sherlock too.' John shook his head sadly.
"He knows." He said weakly. Mycroft nodded.
He quietly let himself into the room just in time for him to hear Sherlock angrily say;
Epilogue
John shook his head, his eyes once again moist with unshed tears. He couldn't leave, what if something happened, what if Mary came to finish the job, he couldn't lose this man, not again.
"I assure you I took no delight in watching them, as you put it 'being beaten to a pulp. I couldn't risk giving myself away. You're lucky I was there when I was, any longer and there would have been permanent damage." Sherlock looked at him oddly.
John closed his eyes, taking in a deep breath. Two years and the time had finally come for explanations, time to reveal his secrets. Honestly, it would be a massive weight off his shoulders.
Just the two of them at Baker street, solving crimes. Blimey everything had gone so wrong, what if Sherlock didn’t want him back at Baker Street, what if that thing with Janine was actually real, after all he didn’t actually have any evidence to prove that Sherlock was actually gay. The two people he'd actually seen Sherlock with had both been beautiful women.
Greg stared at him in shock before laughing.
John huffed in annoyance.
"But they only do that when… you were a candidate for a 00 position? But how?"
"Which one?"
'That's not love, you wouldn't know what love was if you tried. You made a big mistake shooting Sherlock last night. He's the only reason I stayed. To protect him from you.'
Sherlock adapted to being a dad rather well. Of course in sure Sherlockian way, he had researched parenthood on the laptop until he had panicked to John. John had brushed his concerns away and told him that the best way was to just love them, everything else would come naturally. Sherlock was a doting father to his boys, and enjoyed playing with them when they demanded it. Both Alex and William were as smart as their father, but they had the compassion of their mother, as Greg would say. They were, in all ways, the best parts of the two men.
"A small 'thankyou' wouldn't go amiss."
'Jesus John, when the hell did you find this out?'
"Please God, let me live." Sherlock finished. John nodded.
he trailed off unable to finish the sentence.
Before she could even move, John had his gun in his hand pointing it straight at her, hand as steady as a rock. She looked angry to see him pointing a gun at her, for Christ's sake, just hours before she'd shot Sherlock and she had the nerve to look at him like that. She glared at Mycroft.
"I did, I watched him constantly for the first two weeks. After your funeral he hardly left the flat, he didn't do anything. I had Gregory and Miss Hooper pop in occasionally. It wasn't until a month after your 'death' that I was told he was gone. The surveillance in the flat had been set up on a day loop. He did leave a note, said that he couldn't stay, there were too many memories. That he needed a fresh start. However I'm not entirely sure that was the real reason. I had no contact with him until out of the blue he rang me, and of course that leads us to now."
He’d had a patient come to the clinic one of the days he had been working (there had been a lull in cases), the guy had come in for a check-up as he was worried he might be pregnant because he was a male carrier. As the guy had talked John had noticed himself unconsciously comparing symptoms. He’d noticed that he had been edgier recently, quick to temper. He’d blamed it on stress from the amount of high profile cases they had been working, and the increase in eating and feeling tired more quickly. Once the patient had left he had sat at his desk staring across the room at the wall, trying to put a stop to the thoughts flying around his head. It was ridiculous, he wasn’t pregnant. Of course the voice in his head (conveniently it sounded like Sherlock), made him look at all the facts and he found himself staying after his shift to do the test. There was no harm in doing the test just to get the thought out of his mind. The result however was not what he had expected, neither was the next or the next. Five tests later he was panicking because he was undoubtedly pregnant, and he was worrying about what Sherlock’s reaction would be. They hadn’t even discussed children as they had both known that neither of them had the carrier gene, there had been no need for the use of a condom. Sherlock hadn’t noticed, which surprised John, Sherlock noticed everything, but he hadn’t noticed this, was it because he didn’t think it was possible or something else? If Sherlock had known he knew his husband would have already blurted it out, Sherlock never could keep his observations to himself.
Back to Baker Street.
"Well, I think their mum's pretty smart too, I mean you've gotten pretty good at the deducing thing." John blushed.
"I think she'll just be glad that your back, mind you seeing Sherlock might make her scream. Thing is she loves you two like you were her own son's, I'm sure that if you showed her grandson's to her she'll calm down in no time. Babies always bring out the best in people, and she will dote on them." John nodded
But why wouldn’t Sherlock tell him that, why the elaborate lie, it didn’t make sense. He was still missing something, something big.
"They haven't started deducing stuff yet, their talking is getting much clearer now though, learning a few new words. Of course they've started getting into everything at the moment, I've had to childproof everywhere. Sometimes I watch them playing and I notice how observant they are, they never do the same thing twice. That they definitely got from their dad."
"The outside of the house is kept warm and inviting, it's what most people would picture as the ideal house, picket white fence included. However the moving van outside indicates that it's not the perfect house for you. You're using it as a cover. The inside of the house is kept tidy and clean in concordance with your military background, everything has its place. You had a lot of pictures on the wall in the living room, they were the first thing you packed away, so they were important to you. Pictures of friends and family then. Now the house has three bedrooms. You correctly assumed that nobody would be looking for you in a house, they would assume you'd go for an apartment. Two of the rooms are in constant use, the third used for guests. So this room and the room next door are slept in but no-one is there now, so there was somebody who needed your protection, that's why the room next to yours and not the room at the end of the hall. You wanted them close by so you could protect them but they're not here now, so they no longer need protecting, or they've left to give you time to reconnect to me. Your close to them, knew this person before the fall, but I don't know them." It had been a long time since hearing Sherlock deduce something, and it was still as amazing as it was the first time he'd seen him do it.
Greg frowned.
'Christ, is that what you think? That he didn't trust you? No! This was all about protecting you. I think that's something your familiar with yourself, at least he didn't make you think he was dead.'
"Ah, but of course, how could I miss it. So obvious. Three Continents Watson wasn't it?"
'No, but he wasn't in a good place Sherlock. It was like everything was being thrown back in his face, that all the grieving he did was worthless, and yet still even after all that he went on that case with you. He forgave you.'
The man quickly rushed out of the room leaving the prisoner with his companion.
The prisoner groaned in pain, trying to release some of the tension in his shoulders from being imprisoned for so long.
"He'll take one look at you and know everything, you know how he is." John chuckled fondly.
"John, I wanted to say thank you." This caused John to frown.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh John, I thought about you every day," he gasped, each gasp punctuated with a hard thrust that hit John's prostate each time. "I wanted to come home, I wanted to come back to you so much, but I needed to finish it. I needed you safe."
He grinned at Mary before opening the door of the room, stepping aside to let her in. She walked past him with a small smile and once she was in he followed her. She froze seeing Mycroft stood at the window, a bed with a curtain drawn in the corner of the room. A heart monitor beeping steadily away. She would assume that Sherlock was in the bed, but she would soon realise the truth.
Sherlock shook his head.
'Its Watson now Mycroft,' she said, looking back at John for support. He gave her a soft smile as he closed the door behind him. She looked back at the bed, hidden by the curtains. 'How is he?' she asked. John hated the way she said it, as if she cared about what condition Sherlock was in. She wanted him dead, alive meant that he would know too much.
"Yeah, but not for the reason's that you may think."
'What? But, I mean, i thought you loved her, your having a baby together. I'm kinda lost here John, your gunna have to explain it to me.'
"But that …"
'Funny thing that isn't it, I mean when Sherlock mentioned it at the wedding I nearly broke cover. I mean, the one thing which you couldn't hide, is the one thing that gave you away.' Mary looked confused. 'I'm sterile Mary, have been for years, and all of a sudden your pregnant. I know you were cheating on me with David, and most likely that baby is his. Tell me did you use him because he was there, or that he looked slightly like me? I guess it doesn't matter. I don't actually care, I'm just ready for this to be over.' He looked over at Mycroft and nodded. From behind the curtain Anthea appeared pointing a gun at her, a pair of handcuffs at the ready. Mary saw, now that curtain was pushed back, that there was no one in the bed.
"What do you mean you don't know, you know everything as you're so often keen to remind me. I asked you for one thing brother, one thing. To keep an eye on John, to make sure he didn't do anything stupid whilst I was gone and you couldn't even manage that!" Sherlock shouted.
"Our intelligence suggested that he had indeed left, I had only just received Intel that he was in the country when I was informed that he was no longer a problem. But you were misinformed Sherlock, it was not my agent." Sherlock's eyes snapped straight to him, sitting up slightly.
'I wouldn't of, I would have understood. I just didn't realise how much it affected him. He never said anything, just that he missed me. Why didn't he say something after he found out. He clearly spoke to Mycroft about it.'
'Of course, I'll ring him whilst your texting Mary.' He went to leave the room, and stopped just shy of opening the door. 'Oh and John, I do hope to hear a happy announcement by the end of the week, even if it is late by nearly 4 years,' he finished before slipping out the door and closing it behind him, leaving a grinning John behind him, staring fondly at his mad detective. As soon as Sherlock was awake he would tell him, but until then he had a certain wife to deal with.
Tears were streaming down Sherlock's face at this point.
"Bedroom," John muttered before grabbing Sherlock's hand, pulling him up the stairs and into his bedroom at the end of the hall. As they entered, mouths reconnected, though their hands were not idle. Articles of clothing were being flung around the room, in a haste to feel bare skin against bare skin. As soon as they were naked both moaned, appreciating something that neither had felt in two years. The kissing slowed down as hands found their way across each other's bodies, mapping them with fingertips, reclaiming that which had been gone for the last twenty four months.
Mycroft looked on at his brother's best friend break down. Considering the emotions the man felt for his brother, he wasn't surprised, just as he wouldn't be surprised if it was the other way around. The two of them were so obviously in love with each other, but neither of them could see it for themselves. It was quite disgusting how...sentimental it all was. He sighed.
'What happened? All you said was that he was in hospital.' She asked, squeezing his arm gently.
"For wading in. In case you've forgotten, fieldwork is not my natural milieu." Sherlock slowly sat back up and glared at his brother angrily.
'Didn't do too good of a job with that did you. He's obviously been back on drugs again, not to mention the fact that he was shot last night whilst you were just down the hall. It must get tiring of being such a failure mustn't it. A failed soldier, a crappy friend and a shit husband. I should have realised sooner, it was never me you loved, it's always been him. And look what you did. By trying to protect him, you hurt him the most.' Her eyes lit up in delight at the confused look on John's face. She laughed. 'Oh you didn't know, oh John. You always miss the bigger picture. You ruined any chance you had with Sherlock when you married me, you know he left the reception early to go get high. You must know that he doesn't do feelings, he can't because Sherlock Holmes is a broken man, and you just keep on breaking him. He'll never want you John.' She spat, a crazy look in her eyes.
They had eventually moved back into Baker Street, and Mycroft had certainly outdone himself in the redecoration of the flat. The kitchen had been designated a clean area, Sherlock's lab permanently moved to the flat downstairs, along with the fridge and microwave. Sherlock's idea had been to get rid of the lab entirely, as he was wary of causing damage to their children, but John just kissed him and told him to never change. John knew that he would need his lab for when he got bored, as he inevitably would and informed him that he and Mycroft had discussed it and that there would be a surprise for Sherlock when they arrived. One look into the new lab and Sherlock was undeniably lost without words. His John understood him, where nobody else did. He had thanked John quite enthusiastically for that.
What came next though was worse. Mycroft had cameras at Baker street to keep an eye on him, but John seemed to know that. He remembered the day when he popped in to check on John and had found him in Sherlocks room. He'd thought that he was asleep until he saw the needle. Greg had never been so scared in all his life, because that was the day John Watson almost ceased to live, and if John had died, Sherlock may never have come home.
"Never. I still don't fully understand how this is possible. You don't have the male carrier gene. It would have been in your file."
"How far along?" Sherlock whispered, his hands trailing down to John's stomach, his eyes suspiciously bright.
Molly gave him a sad smile, before pulling him into a hug. She'd gotten over Sherlock a long time ago, knowing that John was perfect for him. They were each happy with the other exactly as they were, they didn't try to change each other as others would. And that was why she was so happy for John that Sherlock was finally coming home. Because John needed him, and Sherlock needed John.
{"He said that I used to work in the navy … where I had an unhappy love affair, that the electricity isn't working in my bathroom … and that my wife is having an affair with our neighbour. The coffin maker. And if I go home now I'll catch them at it."} The man was getting angrier as he repeated the imprisoned man's words.
Woo new chapter. I hope you all enjoy it. Comments and Kudos are great, let me know what you think!
‘We lowered it initially to allow yourself to wake up, we are also aware of your past history so we need to keep an eye on how high your levels are. Hopefully that should kick in soon and you won't be in so much pain anymore.’ She gave him a small smile before turning to John. ‘If you need anything else, just press the call button,’ she finished before leaving the two men alone in the room again.
He quickly grabbed the photo, staring at it and he almost stopped breathing. If he was here, if he was working for Moriarty, then he was in danger. He knew that face, had dreamt about it enough in the past. It was a face from his nightmares, the face of Sebastian Moran, ex-military sniper. He was also the reason why John was no longer in the army.
Greg laughed, shaking his head but giving him a fond look.
"I know, and I both loved you and hated you for it," John confessed.
The pieces were slowly forming in John’s mind, while he may not have Sherlock’s genius, he was by no means dumb, even if Sherlock called him an idiot most of the time.
They both watched as Anthea dragged the struggling Mary out of the door, into the custody of several agents. Once the door was once again closed John gave a sigh of relief, finally lowering his gun and putting the safety back on. He ran a hand over his tired face. He was just...done.
His phone started ringing and he stared at the caller ID before answering.
'Ok, so how do you know it's not yours?'
Pictures of the rooftop were the first things he was confronted with. A picture of Sherlock’s discarded phone, a bullet casing and … a blood pool? John frowned. Why would there be a blood pool on top of the building, and where was the body the blood belonged to, because from the crime scene photograph, he could see that the person whose blood it was could not possibly be alive. There was brain matter present, so that indicated a headshot.
'Shocked isn't the word, more like furious at being tricked for so long. That she thought that she could get away with all this, that she could stare down a sniper scope and then use the death of the man I loved, who I thought had died because of her boss. To use that as an in. It disgusted me that I was duped for so long.'
"He's waiting for you Sherlock. Don't make him wait any longer. There's a car outside ready to take you to him." Sherlock nodded appearing to be numb. "He'll forgive you Sherlock, you know how was much he loves you, how much you love each other. Just be prepared, he's going to be angry."
‘So all that, what Lestrade told me, you actually...’ Sherlock started before trailing off. John nodded.
God, he should be ecstatic, she was finally out of his life, out of their lives, and yet here he was doubting himself, again. He knew he loved Sherlock, he'd known for years now. He also knew that Sherlock loved him. He was just unsure of what form of love that was. Was it a friendship kind of love, a brotherly love or something else? He just didn’t know. There were times when he thought he saw it in Sherlock's eyes, that fondness and warm look he sometimes gave him, but maybe he was seeing things, trying to fit Sherlock into a space that he just didn’t belong.
"I should have known you would have figured it out. When you do that it really reminds me of him, though you usually have a more tactful way of telling people." Greg sighed and smiled. "Well we've been together over a year, I wanted to ask before but I want Sherlock back first. I know that he's been worrying about him so wanted to wait until a more stable time." John nodded, before looking around the room. Most of his belongings had already been packed up and placed in the moving van, there were just a few bits and pieces and the bedrooms to sort out. He looked at the baby monitor next to his chair, listening for any disturbances. Seemed the kids were still asleep. Hopefully they would sleep until Molly came and picked them up.
'I found him. I popped in to check on him, and christ...I thought he was dead. He overdosed Sherlock. He bloody overdosed. I thought nothing could have been worse than when I found you that one time, but this. Christ Sherlock, this was far worse. He was in your bedroom, on your bed, wrapped up in your dressing gown. He just gave up. He lost everything when you jumped and he just...couldn't handle it anymore, because he missed you so much. Because he loved you, and he blamed himself for not stopping you. We managed to get him to hospital on time and he recovered. He moved out after that, it wasn't good for him to be there alone anymore  and he begged me and Mycroft not to say anything to anyone about it. We agreed as long as he started to see Ella again, which he did. It helped a bit.'
"Yeah, I guess so. I learnt a lot from Sherlock, but I want him to be the one to teach our children."
'I'm glad he's alive John. Wouldn't want our baby to be without their uncle Sherlock.' She said comfortingly, giving him a loving smile. John gave an unconscious grimace while outwardly giving her a lovesick grin.
"Moran never leaves a job unfinished, and he's got brilliant aim. With Moriarty dead he would have felt compelled to kill me. I had no inclination to go after him, not until I found out that he had been following me. I couldn't … I couldn't let him know where I lived, there was too much to lose. I … I couldn't lose them." John could hear his voice breaking. Even now it scared him how close Moran had gotten. "If he'd found out … if he'd known, he would have used them against me, you, Sherlock. I did what I had to, I protected my family. I killed a murderer and I will never regret his death Mycroft," he finished softly. There was silence from the other end of the phone as Mycroft took in all the information that John had told him.
'There are more options than gay or straight Sherlock. John told me he's demisexual,and if you'd noticed after that case with The Woman , there were no more dates. He got fed up of trying to find someone else when he had you. Your relationship was all he ever needed, even if you didn't feel the same way. He never told you because you always scorn sentiment and emotions, he rather just live with his unrequited love than lose you. And then he did lose you.'
'Yeah well normal's boring. What's life without a good crime scene and criminals to catch,' John joked, causing Greg to laugh.
John laughed.
John smiled as he handed Greg one of the tea's he was carrying from the kitchen, before sitting in his armchair facing the television. On the screen a news broadcast was being shown.
"You know, I've dreamt of this moment for the entire two years I was away," Sherlock said, breaking the comfortable silence that had enveloped them. "It was, at times the only thing that made me carry on. I thought that all the pain would be worth it if you were safe, that I had you to come back to."
Sherlock's mouth broke from John's, moving his lips down to his neck as his hands massaged the cheeks of John's arse. John groaned, tightening the hold that his hands had in Sherlock's hair.
'John, are you telling me, that Mary, Mary Watson, your wife did this to Sherlock?'
John was kissing him. John still loved him. Oh god how he had missed this, missed having John in his arms, missed kissing him. He ran his hands along John's sides, taking in the differences in his husband's body. The slight weight gain, the shivers of arousal going through him as he gripped his hips. He watched John pull away, looking at him with fully dilated eyes the amount of lust, want and need unmeasurable. He was sure that if he looked in a mirror, he would see the same reflected back in his eyes. It had been too long since they had last been together.
Mycroft's face softened slightly, he may be known as the ice king, but even he was allowed to care somewhat about his little brother.
It was John.
"I will solve your murder, but it takes John Watson to save your life. " Sherlock Holmes The Sign of Three
John's old room had been entirely redecorated, painted a pale blue with bees painted in great detail around the walls. The double cot sat against the far wall, and a wooden trunk full of children's toys was next to it. John was also sure that Mycroft had surveillance in the room too, but he couldn't help but be grateful for it, at least their uncle Mycroft could keep an eye on them. John had thanked Mycroft for his input into the renovation, and Sherlock had been entirely pleasant towards him since, which meant that he didn't mention the failed diets anymore.
That's where things had veered off course. Way off course.
‘Because he didn’t want you to see him hit the ground’ his mind supplied. John shook his head, it could be, but that wasn’t it.
‘I didn’t realise what faking my death would do to you, I didn’t know. Forgive me John, please forgive me for the pain I put you through.’ Tears were streaming down both there faces now, neither noticing Greg silently leaving the room. John walked closer to the bed.
He was awake!
"Oh God. I need you Sherlock, I need you inside me!" Sherlock moaned at Johns words. He brought his lips back to Johns and continued kissing with a new frenzy. He slowly walked them both to the bed until they fell backwards, lips still connected as they fell onto the soft duvet. John thrust up against Sherlock, searching out friction for his hard cock.
'Honestly, how much of our conversation did you hear?' Greg asked.
He wasn’t alone up there! Someone was up there with him, someone who didn’t stop him from jumping, someone who … encouraged him.
Moriarty was somehow behind this, he knew it. How did he get Sherlock to jump though, he would never let Moriarty beat him, and by jumping he would let him win. There had to be an explanation.
"Hello Mycroft."
"Why don't you go take a look, and you tell me." Sherlock looked at him, trying to figure out what John was tell him. John gave him a bright smile, then watched as Sherlock bounced of the bed. "Dressing gowns on the back of the door," he informed him. John stretched and then got out of bed himself, putting on the second dressing gown. He'd made sure there were always two, ready for Sherlock's return. He followed his husband out of the room and watched as he slowly entered the kid's room. He leant against the door post waiting for Sherlock to say something. He was currently frozen in the middle of the room, staring at the double crib that was against the wall next to John's room. He suddenly unfroze and spun around to stare at John.
'Mycroft. He had some information on her, but nothing concrete, but he was pretty sure she worked for Moriarty. He was afraid that if I left her, she would then use her anger as a way to finish Sherlock off, and I...I couldn't lose him again, I just got him back. So me and Mycroft planned for the engagement to go ahead as it would make Mary think she had won. I never left the two of them alone, I was always there between them, I didn't trust her not to try something, or for Sherlock to deduce something that would make her turn on him. It was the worst time of my life. I had to watch the man I love be excited about a wedding I didn't want, to a woman I hated and didn't want to be with. Christ Greg, the things he said in his best man speech, God it made me want to call the whole thing off and just drag him back to Baker street. Kiss him silly and tell him how much he means to me, what he's always meant to me.'
'I want to thank you John,' Mycroft said softly, gripping his shoulder softly. 'I know it's not been easy for you to do this, and you have my gratitude.' He paused, looking John deep in the eyes, as if looking for something. 'You must not take Miss Morstan's words into consideration, what she said was to break you down at your very centre. None of what she said was true. I know exactly where my brother would be if you two hadn't met. He'd be dead. He would have taken the pill from the Cabbie case and he would have died, and I wouldn't have my brother anymore.'
"Yeah we still meet up for a drink when he's in the country. He's been a good friend and has helped me a lot over the last two years. Most of the info I got was from him, he was keeping an eye out on Sherlock for me, got me some equipment from Q. Of course nothing happens that M doesn't know about so she temporarily reinstated me."
"Of course you know. Can you just pretend that you don't, the poor blokes terrified enough as it is."
'She was ordered to seduce you at your weakest, after the loss of my brother you were, rather a high risk. I know of the danger nights John, and the times where it was already to late to stop you. You were hitting rock bottom and she knew it. She sidled in and you didn't even realise what she was doing. She made you truly dependant on her and you thought yourself to be in love, right up until my brother's reappearance. I knew then that with Sherlock back, even if your were rather angry at him at the time, that you would gain your confidence again, that you would remember your love for my brother and break it off, knowing truly that you didn't love her.'
"The who I do not know, I was informed of where I could find the body by a contact in MI6. An as of yet un-named agent took him down, that's all the information I received. I do have my suspicions though." Sherlock gave him the look, lying back slightly.
"It is of no inconvenience John, they are my nephews after all." He paused and then groaned. "Oh I just had a thought, Mummy's going to be sickening!" This caused John to laugh. "She's always wanted grandkids, of course she was most disappointed to find out that both her sons were not interested in the more delicate flesh."
'Ahh yes, the DNA tests were quite conclusive, naming her ex, David as the father of her child. Quite damning information on it's own, don't you think. And of course the marriage was a fake, it was never filed, the papers are still in safe place.'
"Yeah, I think it took both of us by surprise, but I have never regretted it. Sherlock is the best thing to ever happen to me."
After, things had returned to normal, or relatively normal for them at least. The one thing that stood out the most though was Sherlock's reaction to meeting the twins. It would forever be etched into John's mind. He saw the nervous and worried look slip off his face, and was replaced by a look of awe and love, that they had managed to create these children, that they were a part of both John and Sherlock. In that moment Sherlock had never looked so beautiful to John.
"Yes."
I hope you enjoy this story as much as I enjoyed writing it.
"Thank God he's ok." He paused. "How bad is he?" he asked, feeling worried about the answer he was waiting to receive.
As always Sherlock does not belong to me.
'I'm sure they will. I rather think it's time to send that text to your wife Dr Watson. She sure to be worried that your best friend is in hospital. I'm sure that when she arrives you'll want to see the arrest.'
"But he thought Sherlock was dead, he wouldn't need to go after you. So why did you put yourself in danger?"
"I understand John. I assume that you will be looking to return to Baker Street?"
"Who did the flat belong to?"
"I know why you didn't, and it was the right thing to do. Moriarty would have used that against me if he'd found out. I'm also glad that I didn't know, it would have made leaving even harder than it already was." John felt his eyes well up with emotion, Sherlock didn't hate him for not telling him. "When can I meet them?" At those words, the tears rolled down John's face. He wanted to meet them, he really wanted to see them, their children. Sherlock was smiling down at him, aware of the thoughts running through John's head. He wiped away John's tears with his thumb, stroking the sides of his face gently.
"Most, if not all of it. I tend to try not to underestimate my brother. The children however will be a definite surprise."
"My brother has never been an easy person to get on with, he always got into the worst of trouble and I was always bailing him out. I worried about him, constantly. He has you now though, and I find myself taking a step backwards, because that is all he has ever needed. You." John's eyes teared up.
