“Hey,” Dean twitched, eyes darting from Cas to the floor and back again.
Dean sighed, raising his shoulders, and rolling his head. The gun he kept nestled in the waistband of his jeans dug into the small of his back. Drumming his fingers and toes in time, he started.
“Enochian?” Sam asked. “Since when do you know Enochian?”
Cas clutched tighter to his wound, the pain pulsing underneath his palm.
The air whipped against Dean's skin roughly and the charcoal black that surrounded them only heightened the sensation. A strong force pushed beneath his feet, intensely.
Dean threw his hands in the air.
Rebecca sat on the porch steps, concentrating on the condensation gathering on the far window. The water droplets sagged, heavy, as they tried to tear themselves in half. Not fallen yet, but almost.
The flickering of fires ceased. The screams and rushing winds, silent. Everything in stasis.
A prayer.
He made a fist, then paused before the knock.
But Cas waited, fist tightening around the hilt of his weapon.
Dean caught Sam smiling at his last remark. ”Faith?”
Time was frozen around them, only their ethereal bodies movable in a dimension of stillness. Cas’s sleeping body looked tranquil. Peaceful. Then, Dean glanced at the phantom specter of Cas standing beside him. He watched their comatose forms, too, expression cold. Seething.
“We’ll figure this out, Dean,” Cas said softly. “Together.”
“It’s nothing. We just haven’t heard from him in a bit.” He couldn’t help the way his tone got sharper when he finished with “Usually means he’s up to something stupid.”
Then, a voice… gentle.
He quickly turned his back on Cas as he talked.
He was starting to--
It should make Dean’s skin feel less real. It should curb the way his eyes feel dry and heavy and lull him into a sense of heady nothingness. Instead Dean’s stomach churns against the liquid and the mattress is too hard.
“Real nice!” Dean yelled loudly to the empty room, then more quietly to himself: “Cas, what the hell is going on?”
“You're up,” Sam said, surprised. He pulled the chair out from under Dean’s feet, letting them crash to the ground. Dean lurched forward, barely regaining his balance and scowled.
“You’ve been writing these a long time,” he whispers.
Then, everything froze.
He looked down feeling overwhelmed with the pain of the angels--their wings clipped, necks leashed tight: Obey, or hang.
Cas stared down at the clean blade in his hands.
Ribbons of bright blue light broke through the atmosphere. The mighty heads of great beasts. Blue eyes and a thousand swords, light ricocheting off them like an angry comet--some of the weapons being used to divert the lightning itself.
Dean’s heart beat faster. He looked from Cas to Naomi, letting Cas’s accusation sink in. Naomi’s hands twitched at her side. She squared her jaw and shoulders in turn.
Cas swallowed as the river below called to him. He began to tip forward, even if just the tiniest amount, watching the crimson water miles beneath, his fingers digging into clay.
He woke with a start, sweating.
The thought should feel more pressing. Instead, he felt adrift in the fog, searching.
Dean wants to look. He knows Cas’s soul has spoken to him, too. If only it could translate. Maybe Cas could fill up the empty room with words neither of them ever learned. Words like “hope,” and “safe.”
Now, though, he saw through Cas’s eyes and to the core of the matter: his heart.
Ana, again bless you for making this fic possible. You are my muse, my friend and I'm so lucky you're in my life. Also some shout-outs to amazing people who've helped me make this story possible: Sam, Amy, Irena, and all of you readers. This has been such a journey for me and I love you all!
His form blinked away in bright, blinding light. Dean closed his eyes against it and when he opened them again he was enveloped in warmth.
Crowley rolled his eyes. “It's not like you can catch a staph infection, angel.” He emphasized the last word with a smirk.
for this chapter. Do yourself a favor and listen cause it slayed me.
But she did.
Rebecca glanced at Sam, extracting her angel blade. Wordlessly, she walked inside and through the portal.
“Don’t you dare die on me.”
“Ready?” he asked.
With slow, synchronized movements, they both reached steady hands forward.
Dean glanced at the man's twisted expression on the table. "We all were."
Frowning, Cas narrowed his eyes. “You’re only helping me because you have a
“You saw it,” he said hesitantly, one last small internal battle, maybe for himself, maybe for Cas, even if he knew it was weak. “You saw what that shifter did to you. I watched you cry out to me, hours screaming my name. Mine, Cas. Like I’d done it to you myself, and you know what? In a way I did.”
she thought.
With a final breath, he let go.
The entries in 2014 are simpler, too, some of them filled with only disjoined words:
A picture of Cas at the beach, hair mussed with sand.
Their smiling faces winked out of his sight as he flipped the photo over.
They breathed in tandem, their stares connecting their meanings far better than words had ever been able to.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean waited, the floor starting to feel unsteady beneath him. He studied the way Cas’s fingers twitched and flexed like he was calculating. Crossing his arms, Dean pursed his lips while angling a cool eyebrow.
“It's nothing,” he started, waving it away. “Forget I brought it up.”
“You never really were one of us,” she said softly, “were you?”
“You were saying something to me, but I couldn't really understand,” echoed Dean's voice in his head. The second he had heard that, he’d known something was off.
Castiel tore through the tumultuous skyline, fanning his wings, his face determined--a soldier on a mission, fire reflected in his eyes.
“What’s wrong?” Cas asked, scanning his face, this time sounding worried.
In a moment of pure impact, the two wells of grace merged, and the effect was astronomical. A crash of power exploded, sending waves of light erupting through the room, inundating them. Naomi screamed. Cas opened his eyes.
The whiskey burned, but did little to warm him. He took another sip anyway, the sting trickling down his throat.
The high pitched scream of angelic resonance pierced the air, peaking with the deafening shriek of shattering glass. The windows exploded, Sam raising an arm up quickly to shield his face from the blast. The angels each palmed their ears to stave off the splitting sound.  The ground shook, earth cracking and trembling. A detonation of light exploded through the portal in a tsunami-like wave.
Cas freezes like a statue, careful not to wake Dean before resuming the light trailing of fingertips down his husband's spine.
After what felt like ages, Cas finally looked at him.
“What is this?” Sam asked, eyes following the intricate blue scratches. “It looks like. . . “
-Dean asked me again if it’s hot in my trenchcoat. I keep telling him angels don’t feel cold. It’s strange to me that he keeps forgetting.
The neglected pen rolled from the table to the floor with a clack.
Their skin touched.
Doubt.
Instead, she saw the cracks.
Dean watched helplessly as he touched the scar.
Cas took a deep breath: “Not really.”
“Starting to grow quiet, angel,” said Crowley when Cas lay shaking and pale. “Not tickling the right spots?”
The crinkled stationary looked out of place in the sea of faces.
“Hello, Dean,” came Cas's voice from the corner of the room. Dean’s head swirled with the feeling of déjà vu, Cas’s blue eyes piercing him from across the space. He breathed, focusing himself back to reality with the slow stretch of his lungs.
Rebecca’s breaths, ragged and disjoined above Dean began to slow into the pervasive tension that overtook the entire room: waiting.
From Dean’s vantage point, he could see Cas’s shoulder blades constrict, even through his trenchcoat, the lines of his rigid neck peeking out from under the collar.
The clustered memory throbbed in the air, waves of light pulsing, beckoning. It summoned Cas, growing brighter as he neared. He lifted his hand, fingers ready, as the ball’s light appreciated like building fire and he wondered if it might burn him if he touched.
Slippery red lines ran down Cas’s bare chest.
Not yet.
Dean barely acknowledged his brother's bare feet padding against the floor as he sat down to eat. He stared at the flipped corner of the beer’s label sipping the rest of the bitter drink slowly. Finally he reached the end, tipping it one last time to let the final drops fall onto his tongue.
* * *
Colors emerged from the darkness in bursts, heat crawling from below, licking at his skin. Red and orange light illuminated them in hazy bursts of color.
Mud flinging like fireworks from the tires.
"Make the right choice, Castiel," she whispered.
Cas breathed fast as the noise built, the sounds electrocuting his nerves. A light brushed his cheek, the emotional voltage of it coursing through him:
Cas scrunched his eyebrows. “Of course I'm real,” he said. The contrast of his water-slicked complexion made his eyes even more intensely bright and blue.
Cas sighed, the sound reverberating.
“Cas," Dean gasped. "What the hell happened to you?”
Cas looked to the ceiling.
Dean wondered if it could really be that easy--just...let go.
“Shut up.”
Dean wonders if Cas can feel his blood move beneath his skin. Wonders if Cas sees any life left in the shell of Dean’s body.
Dean feels Cas’s heat against his back. His fingers do the talking. He tells stories with their skin, letting his palms run along his chest and arms. Anywhere he can find to spread his heat like balm.
“Do the two of you dislike being seen together?”
careful, they have a Seraphim with them.
“Uriel was near the old cemetery, and some Dreadfuls appeared to be causing him issues. I helped him out,” Mick mentions as he cleans himself off, “and it was either leave him or bring him here.”
“Miss Smith,” Castiel’s voice gets Millie to pause their thoughts, looking over at the Angel before offering a quick curtsy. He bows in return and walks over to them. “I didn’t think you’d be out and about in the woods.”
“You’re sneaky.”
Dean sighs, shaking his head. “I’ll set up my schedule and food, then…maybe.”
Dean’s amazed that despite the interruption and... everything...that he’s still able to get to work pretty much on-time. Benny, Mick, and Charlie also look at him oddly as he gets something to eat, though he’s sore from yesterday and what happened this morning.
The others were forces of nature, but this one was wrapped so tightly around the human base that it was simply a glowing person, inhuman blue eyes locking on him as Dean takes his chance. He grabs the rebar nearby, and as soon as it gets close, he twists and hits it. The momentum of the hit sends him sprawling back, and close enough for him to dive into the open sewer grate, falling into the gray water and waste as he hears the thing screech above him. The water ripples as Dean swims, moves, and does his best to not think about what he’s bathing in. He’ll need a sick day after this.
(See the end of the chapter for
If what Mick said was right, then they were using him to get to Sam. He debates on calling Bobby but doing so right now will only cause a lot of problems for everyone. “Makes sense, but why do this in such a roundabout way?”
“Then they have him and we’re good. What’s news for that?”
?” He lets out a breath, trying to calm down. “I just wanna see Sammy again. I wanna get out of here. I’m stuck here ‘cause you all think I’m enjoying it, I’m not. Every day I’m on eggshells – it’s a wonder they don’t’ see through me, and I got a few of them that might.”
Singer glowers at him before saying, “But of course they’d send their highest-paid one here.”
“Nothing on your end?” Uriel is already calmed, and had kept to his word – even after Quicksilver had set off the alarms and everything else he’d managed to not create the damage he could when in the Outlands at his full might. Others are already in, taking care of the structure inside of the Walls and making it easier to repair in case of any attacks, and track anyone who might return for items. “You lost him again, huh?”
Castiel steps forward and introduces everyone as cordially as he can, noting Sir Adler’s obvious need to keep things civil. Dean Smith, the leader of the group, easily greets everyone with Castiel, though something about his delivery on the pleasantries is rough and a bit uncultured before Sir Adler directs them to the next group. Uriel watches them leave, seeming to take note of the female companion to Dean - Bela Talbot - and the one who lingered behind a bit, Michal Davies, before letting out a sigh. “Well, they seem at least capable, if rude.”
“The Angel Castiel,” the footman announces as Castiel strides in, bowing as Dean Smith rises and gives a return bow.
Millie chuckles at that as they finish up around the town and head back. They’d figured out a few things, and now they might be luckily enough to have Dean and Benny return earlier than normal. Benny had sent a letter saying he’d shaken Martin, but that hadn’t stopped Millie and the others from worrying, and so daily walks and trips into town gave them more and more chances to meet more people. They’re all lovely, and as much as Millie wants to demand where this was when Dean was around, they know that will only raise more questions.
Dean is good to his word and comes up early each day. What’s even harder for those days, though, is Dean’s question at the end of each day is almost painful. The idea of having Dean over for the night, without the benefit of the Placement, is difficult. Castiel wants only to speak to Dean about this all, to convince him to come with him to receive it, to get with Castiel, but each chance he thinks on it, he...can’t.
“You and Castiel were certainly not very cordial.”
The silence is a sign they might have one, which isn’t good for him. He picks up the pace at a straightaway, the various huge pillars that set up the Tiers above in contrast to the massive farmland, waste dump, and everything else that made up the lower area of the Echelons. The twisting Tiers that made up the huge pylons of Echelon only served to show the massive might of the power he was facing, but that didn’t slow him down or stop him.
“Well, that was fun,” Dean mutters as they rub their neck, trying to massage their shoulders from a pain that goes beyond muscle and into their bones. “I’m glad he’s recovered, though, and we dealt with that spirit.”
Meg waits until everything is settled at the Inn before going out to find Castiel, surprised when she sees Uriel and Samandiriel there, Uriel looking a bit annoyed at
This is not labeled for smut 'cause there's no smut, though I TRIED. They wanted their feelings validated first. Also from here the chapters get a bit longer.
Miss Talbot gives him a smile as he notes that he doesn’t see anyone else there. “Ah, Castiel - how is Uriel doing today?”
, in his office,
The tone is enough to get Castiel to move forward, lightly touching Dean’s tensed shoulder. “Mister Smith...Dean.” The name is enough to get some of the tenseness to leave as Sir Adler and the constable arrive, Sir Adler making much of everything and demanding to know what happened and why and how their peaceful town could be so
"Dean Winchester is not sure what is up with the guy who bought the old house at the end of the rural route."
Dean Winchester would’ve jumped at the chance for pie, but Dean Smith… “I can’t, not without paying for it later. You want me to give up all my hard work to keep healthy?”
“How’re things with the big man, brother?” Benny asks as they sit, Charlie and a few others coming to get some quick breakfast with him.
“We both know him well enough to figure out when he’s doing something wrong, but he still holds some sway over how we Interact with him and others. What was once family changed over the years, but that doesn’t stop old prejudices and feelings from still being just under the surface.”
More than a few hadn’t been spared, including Bela last he heard. He hopes it’s not true - Bela Talbot tended to survive a lot, and though they were not the best of friends, he didn’t want her dead. But Castiel had come down from on-high and judged them all sinners. Only the Investigator who’d also been there, and who Dean had helped and now worked for, had survived.
If just having him touch Dean’s arm had gotten him sensitive, the moment he touched that handprint, Dean’s whole body lit up like a string of lights being given a power source. The dim lights seem to flicker at that, and Dean is almost unsure, but Allen’s eyes are glowing the same blue as that Seraph he keeps running from.
“I...sure.” He motions to Dean to follow him, the two walking over to the door as Dean spots more and more signs that despite how weathered the outside and porch look, the actual inside might not need that much. He pauses, touching one of the wood-carvings nearby before the man said, “I know that we are from the City, but we also believe in having...practical skills.”
Mick chuckles. “One piece won’t throw you off the wagon, Smith.”
“You’re so lovely, even when,” Allen’s hand moves to fix perfectly on the print left behind by the Seraph, “you lie to me.”
The new question gets everyone to fall silent, thinking, as Naomi offers, “
“I might, though I am waiting for the right Placement to see what they might want.” Dean’s quiet, nodding and looking almost annoyed. It’s another thing that Castiel has yet to figure out - each talk about Placements seems only to upset Dean in some way.
Dean shakes as he tries to not to argue. That was the part he never argued with Cas, because he doubts the Seraph or anyone else have any good answers for something like that. “
Mom had called them by their old, Outland name – Angels.
“Do you want me to help?”
“No more than normal,” Benny says with a shrug, “and it’s either I leave and hope he takes the bait, or he stays long enough to know I’m gone. The longer the man’s here, more likely he’ll spout something.”
The winding pathway that Dean takes is testament to what he’d claimed earlier, though the fact that it’s also a bit slow and spotting seems to hint at him hiding the bracelet. Still, it’s obvious that Dean knows where he’s going, and how best to avoid detection were it not for the bracelet.
The irony of how entwined his life and the life of his alter ego, only needed to hide from the Seraph now giving him chase, is almost funny. Dean stays underwater as long as possible before having to come up for breath, and quickly running down the way that would take him to the next worse place. Composting is so vile that even a dip in the sewer was pleasant by comparison, but it was needed as well for the methane and for the new soil it created. The sewer air is vile but compared to the toxic mess he must rush and climb through, it’s almost pleasant. That the Seraph isn’t following him is worrying, but Dean’s sure it thinks he’ll come up somewhere that leads to the Scrapyard.
“He is also Quicksilver.” The silence falls down heavy, and Uriel looks at him with surprise on his face. “He is searching for something – I believe a close family member – who may be embroiled in the Men of Letters. He was approached earlier by Mick Davies.”
“Samandiriel didn’t come to help?”
“Yep,” Dean says, offering a bit of a smile. “If it’s ok, I can stay over for a bit, make sure things run smoothly. Means we get an earlier head-start tomorrow.”
“Not going in?”
Castiel glances at Dean, frowning a bit. He didn’t realize how alike Millie and Dean Smith were before recently, though their hair is only slightly different. He thinks even their freckles might be the same. It’s so strange, he doesn’t think he’s ever heard of any twins or siblings who look so much alike. Still, he does have to take what Dean said and mutter, “That is true. I will have to speak to the others about it, then. You do well to show us how many can get information and use it to not only benefit themselves, but also the community.”
“We all got the wards against possession on us,” Smith told him with a smile that was starting to look more and more forced by Castiel’s presence. Castiel wondered at it and simply tilted his head as Dean let out a sigh. “I understand the worry, but you needn’t bother yourself much with us. We can handle a few Dreadfuls and spirits.”
The effect was enough for Castiel to see that Lord Winchester put two and two together, though he’s obviously upset by the whole thing, and goes to speak when there’s more frantic knocking. Castiel resigns himself to not having any food until noon when he sees Balthazar at the door, though his frantic look is enough to get Castiel to forget the two visitors.
“I’m not here to demand a person. I was hoping to speak to Dean, if he’s up for it. If you wish, I can remain here, or go into the house. No one will leave with me without their consent.” The man relaxes a bit, his thick glasses and gray mustache contrasting with the long hair tied back in a ponytail before he tells Castiel, “Are you the one who helped him out for the month?”
“Could they?”
He reaches for Dean’s arm, not realizing it’s the one with his mark, until Dean shifts to pull away, though he’s far too slow to allow it fully. Castiel is surprised by how much he’s shaking, as well as the hurt that appears in his eyes. He shifts a bit before finally leaning forward against the desk again, looking a bit put-out by how Castiel found him.
Balthazar finishes his own dances and arrives back to the group, after grabbing a goblet of wine and taking a long drink before asking Castiel, “So you met the new owners of Fielkett?” He smirks at the group. “Rumor has it that they’re only there until the Dreadfuls that got out of Fielkett are cared for. Not surprising, not for one who probably is employed by the Winchesters and Campbells.”
“US?” Dean asks, stopping as they sees Mick standing there, holding up the very disgruntled, wet, and
“I am.”
“Some view dances as a good time to learn more about one another,” Dean answers with a smile as they continue, “Though I’m surprised you initiated a conversation. Forgive me if that sounded rude, but you are not always one who seems to enjoy simple conversations.”
“Maybe, though I doubt they’ll be around. Sad to say, the life of a Hunter brings up too many threats.”
The woman looks upset at the thought, but nods after a long moment where they look at Dean. Castiel wonders if she wants something similar to Dean’s look and style. It wouldn’t be surprising, though he almost wishes that Dean would wear their hair long and similar to how they tended to while Millie. Castiel suspects because they simply like the look, enjoy watching Dean or Millie appear as graceful yet deadly, dangerous in a way of a beautiful predator.
Balthazar looks surprised. “
“Are you gonna do much with the outside?” Dean’s question gets Castiel to pause, looking over at the outside where a variety of things besides the shed are located. He motions to what appeared to be some knocked over beehives and other items that Castiel isn’t quite sure about.
“Of course, dear Angel.” Her manners were kind enough, as was that of the others who were with her, but the dance never came, as there was the sound of gunfire from outside before a large man and one of the servants rushed in.
“He’s around.”
of Dean Smith, lord of Fielkett House, leader of the Smith band of Freelance Hunters, and gentleman who is currently going to be gone for a
Dean moves away, but nods. “Yeah. At least then I’ll have something I can say is me, not just something I was pushed into.”
“And who’s fault is that?” Dean glances around the room and does his best to not feel too nervous. “So, you said I was being played. What makes you think that?”
“He knows that I spoke to you, and that you were a lead to finding Quicksilver. I have not given a report of what happened after he left.” He sees Dean relax a bit more, though he still looks worried about something as Castiel sends him the files he’ll need. “I do need to request a favor of you, while I do make that report.”
“A motor was a motor. I didn’t realize the type until I got it, and I didn’t realize the scope until you came down after me.” The sigh is one of exhaustion this time. “Getting a new motor might help us out with trading, or even with refurbishing the stuff from before the Catastrophe, but I didn’t mean to down the main Recycler and pull something again.” Dean steps out from behind the privacy screen, most of his suit for the workday on, including a red tie and pale blue shirt. “You said that I was played, but I don’t work for anyone but the Hunters. The hell would want to set up something to take out all the Hunters and seal off those areas in the Walls I know you all went into?”
“Do you
“Always with the smart mouth,” Bart sneers.  “We’ll see how hardy you’re built tomorrow.  And the next day.  See how long it takes you to break, and how long after that it takes you to die.  I give you three days.  Michael bets he can get five out of you.”
“Wait, what?”
Predictably, Sam was immediately enraptured and began asking pointed questions of Cas, who seemed more than happy to expound upon the topic indefinitely.  This gave Dean the perfect opportunity to get the hell out of dodge and clean up.  Sketching a quick nod of acknowledgment to Cas, who actually shot him the slightest hint of a wink, Dean pushed up out of his chair and took several steps toward the door, not speaking until his back was firmly to Sam.  It wouldn’t do to draw his attention when he might still spot the aftereffects of climax staining Dean’s jeans, despite the relative darkness of the room.  “Damn, I gotta piss.  Might grab a shower, too.  I think I’m starting to smell.  I’ll make dinner when I get back.”
The thickened voice that responded was confirmation of what Dean already suspected—whatever was going on, it had inspired tears in a creature that very rarely cried.  “I am—fine,” Cas ground, as if each word had been dragged agonizingly along a cheese grater on its way out.
I cannot tell you how delighted oh-cassie and I are to present to you our contribution to the 2019 Dean/Cas Reverse Bang,
For years, for decades, Dean hadn’t dared to even consider wanting
Cas was as good as his word.  When Dean swam upward an hour and a half later (as the bedside clock informed him when he finally got around to looking), the angel was still curled warmly against him. The mussed head was nestled snugly in the crook of Dean’s neck, arm wrapped around his torso.  Although Cas must have sensed the change in Dean’s breathing and heartbeat as he climbed back to awareness, he did not move or lift his head.
hear about this) because Dean was about to take one for the team.
Dean, breathing hard, got his hands up just in time to prevent himself from face-planting into a copy of some book that appeared to be in Latin, bracing himself against two of the shelves (and knocking a few more volumes to the floor, oops) as Cas’s nimble fingers got his belt undone.
had never been born.
“Oops.  Nope.
He becomes fully aware of the taste in his mouth, salty and a little bitter, and the film he can still feel on his tongue.
Cas hands Dean his flannel to fold (Dean still thinks it’s ridiculous to bother, but he knows better than to argue at the moment) while he goes to work on Dean’s belt.  Dean wonders with a sinking sensation whether the belt in question is about to be used on his ass.  He figures it’s a pretty safe bet since Cas’s usual array of implements isn’t currently available to them at their present size, and he’s not foolish enough to think that Cas’ll be satisfied with using his hand.  Hand spankings are for minor offenses.  For too-bratty pranks and small disobedience and the ‘reminders’ that Cas so enjoys providing when Dean’s somehow managed to avoid actual punishment for longer than three or four days.  This was not a minor offense.
“Nope, you covered it pretty well.”
“Sam, you have to know how out of control you are,” Dean told him weakly.  “This is—okay, I shouldn’t have locked you up.  That was…that was a mistake on my part, clearly,” Sam waved this off with one of his newly whole hands, as if that couldn’t possibly matter less.
“Dreadfuls came up near the old cemetery,” Cas said with all the seriousness that the news needed, shutting up Balthazar, before looking at Millie and Naomi. “Forgive me for asking this, but--.”
“Dean.” The sound of his name makes Dean stop, looking back at Castiel. “Thank you.”
“She saw my wings, and had the audacity to comment on how...
Mick smiles a bit, still weak. “He’s…Win…chester. Bro-ther…was…in there.”
“It’s a dress store,” Samandiriel tells her finally, “and we were hoping to find something nice for Naomi.”
“That was not Mr. Smith’s fault, Balthazar,” Castiel’s stern voice gets them to look over, seeing the other two Angels, including the much-recovered Uriel, there, “he doesn’t have to throw a ball for such a reason.”
“I hope you learn to have more weapons in your arsenal than simply what you use against Dreadfuls. They might not appreciate decent manners, but some would say society and people are far more dangerous than a Dreadful.”
The voice who picks up the phone is one he’d not heard in two years, but it makes him freeze all the same, even as a bit of worry lifts from his mind.
They have a few hours to go before it gets dark, and if they don’t, Bela will have to report the news to the nearest encampment, garrison, or village.
Dean chuckles, the sound one that Castiel finds very pleasant. “I’m sure we could figure something out for you.”
“Do you not want to speak while dancing?”
“He should be, since Castiel gave him that mark,” Uriel points out, though something in Castiel’s posture obviously makes him glance over at him. “What is it?”
Castiel lets out a sigh as he takes the items, speaking to Naomi a bit more before she heads out, leaving Castiel to care for Uriel and try to deal with staying with the Smith family.
Bobby’s quiet, as if listening to something else, then lets out a breath. “
"Dean Winchester’s Placement was not a straightforward one, at least according to the Interpreter they brought in to speak to him about it after his Evaluation was all done. "
“If it’s alright, I’d like to also see Uriel, and drop off these things for them both during their stay. We’ll also have to thank you for the help with the spirit.”
“That’s not news,” Castiel mutters, “and I believe it’s likely me he is able to track, though he has shown some sensitivity towards the others. It would also strengthen the theory that he is one of those who was contracted through Hell.” He frowns at the reminder.
Castiel finds things calming down in Sandover, and more are starting to move back into the cleared homes. Bela moves into one from Fielkett - mostly to remain close to Sandover, but it’s between Fielkett and the town, allowing Bela time to visit both Meg and the others in Fielkett. Dean doesn’t seem to mind, and if anything is obviously happy that other homes are open.
“I find that hard to believe, considering how serious things have been in these past few weeks between your brother’s group and my Garrison.” Silence for a bit before he says, “Is your brother well?”
“Since it meant he would be following around someone like Mr. Davies, or since it got us so close to the Smith party,” Castiel mutters as they walk, looking around at the area. “Uriel seems far too invested in that man.”
Castiel looks over at Dean for a long moment, enough to get Dean to stop in the walk, Impala huffing in her impatience, before the Angel tells Dean, “I stand by my last question, one that is somewhat answered by your letter, but one I wish I could know better. You are a good person. Whichever you choose to be, Dean or Millie, Smith or Winchester, you are someone who deserves happiness. I do hope that I can help you find it, as a friend or as more.”
“Uriel will still have to speak to Mick, but that might be a feat since Mick is avoiding him for what he said to Millie,” Dean teases, getting Castiel to nod in agreement despite it. “Thank you...for asking, and for standing by my wishes. It’s...hard.”
Uriel mutters in annoyance as Balthazar barely holds in a laugh, going off to bother Miss Talbot as Castiel sighs. He wishes Uriel and Balthazar were a little less...the way they were, but with Balthazar as a master of weapons, and Uriel being as powerful as he was, it was easy enough to not see their missteps at times. He sighs as he glances over to where Uriel has retreated and then lets out a breath as he goes to have his dance with Millie Smith.
“Some were lesser spirits, and they tend to try to ruin things for us no matter the occasion,” Castiel said, glancing around and testing out the area for the presence of infection by said lesser spirits, “No one in your party was injured?”
…of course it was
The days between when Dean will return and the ball dwindle fast, in some ways too fast for Millie to really feel comfortable with. The Angels are at least starting to get closer, especially Uriel. The others come by from time to time as well, enough that Millie is on good terms with Samandiriel to a point, is less annoyed with Balthazar, though not by much. Naomi, though, was still as rude with Millie as she’d been with Dean, so they figured she was simply that way.
on the one who ruined my worth.” Millie lets out a breath as they pull their hair with a brush, flinching a bit at the pain, then sighing before putting the brush back down. “Now I’m talking to myself. Of course.” With another small huff, the lone candle in the room goes out, and Millie lets out another breath to calm down. They had enough to throw a ball, announcing Dean’s grand return and Millie’s casual departure. Millie doubted that the whole thing would go over as well as they would like, but at this point. What else was there to do?
Castiel Krushnic sighs as he looks at the old house on the outskirts of town, debating on if he should take it or not. It’s fairly close to Savage country, but considering his reasons for being here, having a place near Savagelands was a good idea, especially in a town where only ones leading Civilized life were near the Centre and the influence got less and less as it got further out. It was why Castiel and the others who wished to come here were grateful, though. Naomi viewed it as a way to relax, Uriel needed to recover from other events, Hannah was deciding on what they should do, and Balthazar...well, a change of scenery was always good for him.
Anna hums before saying, “
Dean smiles as he shrugs. “Well, Allen’s got some stuff to do, and gave me the day off. I got some errands to run, and wanted to check out the Queue, see if there’s anything for me to try.” It was part of the job that Dean liked – helping people that couldn’t get into some of the Investigators, working with people who needed the help. Even when he looked for Sam and tried to get anything on him, he found himself drawn to the Queue and the work there.
“Yeah. There’s a lot of them that’d work out for this - chickens, ducks, even some geese, though they can be jerks. It’ll be good for fresh eggs too, if you like that.”
“You sound rather grateful for that as well,” Castiel mutters as he finds a bracelet in Mick’s pocket. “I take it the others are all in there.”
Mick manages a nod as Dean drinks some of the breakfast smoothie. If he admits to being with Allen - Castiel - what the hell will the office gossip be like? What can he say for how they ran into each other? Charlie looks over at him for a bit, but his obvious upset seems to get her to realize that she should back off.
“I will.”
a full rematch.
“I had to lose
Dean gets to the tight spots in the walls, moving as quickly and quietly as he can through areas that will get him killed if he’s not careful seeing the one causing the most noise. Seraphs are mostly seen as light, with a few added points to make them appear more like forces of nature than human.
“You can’t even manage to look proper?”
The old man glares at him hard before saying, “If you think you’ve got some sort of claim to him, you’re wrong.”
The news has Castiel consider before finally asking, “Do you know him as well, or does Millie?”
“Hannah...Dean is a good person.”
“Sam’s playing nice with the guys for a way in - he’s a Legacy, so I guess you might be too. Legacy puts you above me in promotions, but they tend to believe in the Cause.” He pauses before adding, “Ketch is a Legacy, so we have to be careful.”
The first is from Gordon, explaining he is coming to visit and speak to them on “various matters” - Dean wonders when, considering how old the letter seems to be. The next from Ellen Harville, stating her ‘disappointment’ in their ‘continued effort’ and blaming them for Jo’s “rebellion against all that is good for them” - Dean shakes their head at it, considering that Jo had always wanted to fight and defend things, and it was only her father’s death that resulted in Ellen trying to protect her.
“Martin Creaser checked into the Inn,” Bela tells them, getting Benny to glance at her in nervous fear. Dean looks at her in equal fear as she mentions it. “He didn’t see me.”
“So…Chuckles doesn’t know?”
That was the part that Dean disliked the most, though. Allen was a nice guy, and if Dean wasn’t careful, he’d figure him out. Still, as Dean Smith – a well-respected man who is working his way from the Garden up, having already reached the Second Choir, Third Tier, on his own merits, it’s strange to know that one day, he’s going to have to discard it all and get going again.
“Please,” Allan states, taking both aspirin and water as he sets up things for the day. Despite their start, and Allan’s threat that hung over them, the man was tolerable compared to other Investigators, and he was a good fit for Dean Smith. He seemed to view any of the subtle hints of Dean Winchester as simply a quirk that came up when the stress got to him. The work here gave him enough hints and tips to be better when he finally gets out of here and back down where he belongs, stops eating just this stupid diet food to keep up appearances.
Castiel watches Naomi shift in her gray dress, the blue ribbon accenting the high empire waist and along other areas making her appear quite pretty, though gold and black ribbons along the seams near her legging tells of her prowess with magic. Nearby, Samandiriel hides behind Castiel’s dark suit, his own red vest a bit bright in comparison, but working well with the darker trousers he’d picked out, and making him appear far younger than the additional teal corsage would suggest. Balthazar was elsewhere, flirting and dancing around without a care in his dark shirt and trousers, maroon vest, and a few other flairs to show him a master of weapons. Castiel tended to enjoy simply being in his usual dark suits, blue cravats, and simple white shirts, but he did not enjoy the extra attention of being in a dance hall. There was work to be done, and these places, though they aided to raise the spirits of Sandover after the fall of Fielkett, only flirted with disaster as much as Balthazar flirted with the ladies present. His own beige riding coat was elsewhere, and that held all the markings that the others wore so openly among the dance hall.
Castiel sighs when he sees her look and states, “I assume you have some news?”
The man looks over at him and smiles a bit before nodding. “Castiel. You?”
There's a late addition to the Smith party, but their arrival and a letter sent brings up the Hunters - specifically, the next Lord Winchester - to speak to Castiel about "something".
Uriel huffs before saying, “
Dean likes to think that he was just a lot better at convincing the guy as Dean Smith, a man willing to do anything, over Dean Winchester, who wouldn’t’ve put up with this for as long as he has, had it not been for Sammy.
“I like showing off, but that’s beside the point. Our arrival caused a scene, last I checked, and we owe it to the people here. If nothing else, we should also work to help out the servants and others we’ve got under our employ as well.”
, his ReEvaluation. Still, seeing him here, and on this route, makes up Castiel’s mind. “No, I am fine. I was thinking of moving out to this house, fix it up, so that my family had a place. I’ve heard that the country is...good for such things.”
“He is recovering,” Castiel tells them as he examines the bookshelf. “I do apologize for interrupting whatever you were speaking about. I was hoping to get a good book.”
The Dreadfuls had been easy enough, but numerous enough to cause trouble. Benny had gotten tossed by one violent one, meaning he’d been sent ahead. Mick glares over at where the owner of the voice stands next to the chestnut gelding. The eight outnumbering their group and all with their guns and swords ready. Bela stands next to her own mare, and Benny is between the two, looking even worse for wear than before. The speaker is close to Benny, enough that both Mick and Dean hold up their hands as Dean moves forward, managing to get between the two as Mick moves slowly to help him.
he’d gotten further to finding and speaking to Sammy than he had in
Seraphs, not just one. That meant taking a few scenic routes or getting my ass handed to me. I almost got chewed out for getting in late ‘cause of Walt and Roy’s dumb asses.”
Sonny nods again, offering Dean a warm smile. “I’ll take you down tomorrow, unless you wanna try today.”
Dean Winchester himself was a bit of an anomaly. His family always had good Placements, and all were put where they needed to be, but Dean was the failure. He’d failed to get a good Evaluation, and had ended up working as an Enforcer for quite a bit until getting a job to keep his brother, Sam, safe. When that had failed, Dean had been dragged back in by his work, and forced through multiple Evaluations. After the final one, Dean had managed to finish it, walk out, and kept going. Arriving at Sonny’s, a place he’d gone at fourteen for stealing food, Dean had thrown out his old life, and went Savage.
“I am Castiel, leader of the Angel Garrison of Sandover. I believe I know the next Lord Winchester, but I am uncertain of the man with you.”
The Epilogue - All's Well that Ends Well.
The woman is radiant in a way, dressed in a white dress that obviously had been bought for her on short notice by Michal Davies. The green ribbons that were added to it since the week it was purchased only pull out more of the coloring, from the light skin of one who had been indoors most of their life to the dark blond hair that matched her brother’s own, though the dark accents in it only served to show how artfully it had been put up. Unlike her brother’s heavy-handed and often annoying attempts, the sister seemed to move as easily through society as her brother did not. He notices Uriel glaring at her, and slowly walks over to him, watching Davies and the Smith sister dance.
Anna nods from where she sits. “
“I needed to clear my head. Sometimes I tend to worry too much about the household and the like.”
“Yes, that was something our father
On the postal workdays, he gets in early, gathering up parcels, mail, and other things to deliver out and about, traveling from the annex near the edge of town and out to the smaller homes, hidden camps, and old houses at the very edge of the township, between Civilization and Savagelands. He ends the route at a turnabout that leads to what is supposed to be an area to ‘reclaim’ the natural habitats, but really was just a place for people to run off to and hide if they decided civilization wasn’t for them. Next to the turnabout is an old house, a one-story farmhouse that Dean sometimes wants to get and fix up, even taking some time when he’s running early to go in and look around the place, but each time he looks at the sign for who to call, he has to pause. The seller is located in the Centre of town, meaning full-on Civilized, and someone like Dean can’t go there right now.
Millie blinks at him, her green eyes so similar to that of her brother, but her quiet and look much more of a lady.
What Castiel says sticks in their head, though, more than what had been said by everyone else about the title given to Dean after it all. They aren’t sure why, but perhaps Castiel is simply the final one to really drive in that none of what happened should have given Dean such titles, or perhaps it was more that after so many others - Hunters and others seem to feel the punishment didn’t fit the crime, and that included others who knew even part of the information.
“Well, brother,” Benny comes up with him, smiling as well as Mick gives him a look but doesn’t object to his presence, “if that’s the case, why not join me down at my niece’s restaurant? She’s got some mighty fine pie set up, and you’ll love the cookin’.”
- their places in the family, their hopes, Gordon...
It was also the Placement month, and Dean needed that whole time off. If he didn’t have it off, he’d go crazy. He tried, he tried for at least two years, but...yeah.
It’s almost enough for him to want to remain. If they do this, will he stay here, and not leave when he should? Will he stay and become Dean Smith? Give up all of himself and his past?
Millie feels a blush on their cheeks as they try to look away, frowning as they see the old, uncared for gravestones around them. “I didn’t realize there was a graveyard here. I thought it was elsewhere?”
The tea and breakfast are ready at the same time, Dean quickly serves them for Allan as he opens the tabs to start the list of things to go through for the day, and the cases they’ve been asked to investigate. Anyone can petition an Investigator, and though these ones are on the Second Tier, they work throughout the Tiers and even into the Garden as needed. So far, Dean had not accompanied Allan on any of the higher Tier or even into the First Choir, though to be fair, they had only been on a few simple cases. Not a lot of fun either - the cold cases always caught Dean’s eyes, as did the ones that the LEOs and Investigators didn’t take seriously. The Queue, where most of the cases were reported, tended to be full of such things, and Dean often spent his free time looking over them. Freelance work, hiding under different names, had helped for a bit. Of course, Allan figured him out quick - another thing to hold over Dean’s head - but had seemed glad that Dean was doing ‘good work’ for those who normally weren’t helped.
Mick looks hurt, but shakes his head as he tells Dean, “Rest up for today. We’ll get this all settled tomorrow.”
The next part always requires him to act, and he hates it with every fiber of his being. He readjusts the bracelet so it’s hidden under his clothing, ensuring he looks like some Serph-fearing member of the Echelon.
“Luckily, they aren’t coming. The Ganems weren’t formally indoctrinated, and considering the failing to keep Fielkett, not to mention their losses, the remaining family has
Working for someone like Allan was also fortuitous, now that he had full proof that Sammy was in the First Tier of this Choir. It’ll be hard to break away from two years of work, and if Allan finds him, he’ll be as good as gifted to the Seraph and executed, but finding Sammy was worth the risk.
worth all this effort.”
The reminder makes Dean long for something to drown his sorrows, but the game he’s playing is too deep for him to make any mistakes now. On top of that, between the Investigator or Alistair, Dean chooses the Investigator any day. At least with this, he can also find information on Sammy and what he could be doing without raising too much suspicion.
Things progress quickly, but in a good way, until there are letters.
Dean is quiet a long moment as they walk, finally letting out a breath before saying, “I’ll answer the question you brought up in such a condescending tone - Mr. Davies, while not of the gentry, was trained well in their mannerisms and can, when he wishes to, flawlessly work in any setting. He knows how to handle things, and despite it all, I do my best with what I know. Mr. Lafiette knows his own manners, and is far more a gentleman than you are in this case,
The thought of having Dean
Dean quickly retreats into the Walls and realizes quickly at the continued panic that this isn’t going to be easy. He realizes it’ll be bad when the sensation and sound of the Seraph are now reverberating
The elevator is quiet as he rides it up to the floor, and dings loudly as it opens and he steps out. No one is there beyond the clerks and everyone who only knows of him, doesn’t know him from childhood on, doesn’t know him as their big brother, and certainly isn’t there to learn about him to force him here so they can be together.
The next vent he gets out is luckily too dangerous to normally leave from, but a brief bit of maintenance allows him to slip through as the fresh rain starts. The water is real, as are the cycles - the corp that built this beast back in the day made sure that they wanted for nothing - and it helps to clear up some of the mess he’d collected before he gets into the groups and weaves through the crowd carefully, managing to walk through all the way up to the entrance of the Third Tier before slipping through a few more places and ducking into a public restroom. It’s a simple enough thing to wash himself off, make himself more presentable than he feels after the theft, and get back to the crowd with no one the wiser. He quickly moves to the green foliage that takes him along the various walkways and tree-lined sidewalks before stopping to check on some of the fruit in the area. It gives him time to clean off his boots more than before, and then he uses some of the ivies to scale up to the closed fire escape on one side. No one seems to notice or care, so he quickly gets to his destination without any fuss. Luckily the bathroom window is still open, and he changes quickly before checking the time.
That whole idea is almost too painful to think. Sammy’s the only family he has. But if he let Dean get set up to nearly get killed? And how had Mick not known that Dean was ‘the one’ until now?
“You’re never this late, and you might be hiding it, but you’re obviously sore. So, spill it. Who got in with the great Dean Smith?”
“I know of someone who’d disagree with the whole ‘accomplished’ thing,” Bela said, smirking at Dean, as if laughing at some inside joke, “What do you think?”
“What do you mean by that?”
Allen leans in slowly, kissing Dean lightly. His lips should be dry, but they’re not. Dean’s not sure why, but the kiss is almost electric too, like a loop was completed to some degree. Dean moans a bit at it, and then lets out a sad sigh when the kiss stops, looking back up at Allen curiously as he watches him, heavy lust in his eyes.
He glares at her, while Meg seems to ignore it all and instead offers him a smirk before walking off. Bela Talbot glances over at him as he looks around, walking over and skillfully avoiding some of the others before stopping before him. “How are you doing tonight?”
He shakes his head. “No. I simply had a feeling I should be here, and found you.”
The two are interrupted by Balthazar running up, the other man saying, “Sorry to interrupt you lovelies, but I just got the news that our whole fight is now moot.”
Naomi glares at them, but drops it as Uriel comes up and says, “I will go with Miss Smith back to Fielkett, then. I am known for dealing with larger groups easily, though the area could get...devastated.” Millie blinks at this, then nods in agreement as Balthazar says in almost happiness, “Well, now that that’s set up, we can start to deal with the ones that tried to get past our wards. Samandiriel, Cassie, let’s go!”
“He has a runic knife, possibly Kurdish in origin. He can easily get someone to set up the house.”
Dean waves the idea away, though they are tempted by it. “I can handle things, Mick. I’ve been through worse. Besides, I can’t just take it out, and neither can you. Not without checking on a few things. We can ask the Angels for another one after we take care of the Dreadfuls nearby.” Mick’s worried look makes Dean almost feel ashamed for the deception. It’s nothing too hurtful, and if they’re lucky, things won’t get too bad anytime soon.
“He’s safe.” It was a neutral tone but enough for Castiel.
Castiel glances over at Dean, asking, “What would a person call ‘accomplished’ where you are from?”
He looks at her, seeing her wish for something like a romance from him. “Then I will still fight for him. I love him, Hannah. The concept was not enough. Meeting him here, having him be here with me...I love him as the old stories state love to be, and that makes me believe that he will match with me, on all things, no matter what else happens.” Hannah’s own blue eyes fill with tears at his talk, and he cups her cheek gently. “Hannah...we’ve spoken about this.”
Neither mention of the
as myself. I am Millie Deanna Campbell-Winchester, eldest of the Lord John Winchester and the Blessed Lady Mary Campbell. You may, of course, call me by the name I chose for myself, Dean Smith.” He straightened, eyes blazing with anger, waiting as Castiel looked at him with shock. “Well, Angel Castiel, protector of Sandover and leader of the Garrison, what did you ask of me? That I allow you to
estate,” Dean argues back as Benny and Mick examines the well-opening that was constructed quickly - signaling this estate was defended in another way before it all went down, “because someone went in and didn’t do their job? Just got whatever they wanted and ran? Freakin’ London chapter is all about savin’ the city and
“Kids,” Dean tells them after dinner, getting everyone to look at him. “A few of you know...some people are here because of me. They’re over at the Centre, and they’re not gonna leave until either they decide who gets me...or until I go and tell them.”
Impala snorts, and Dean laughs, patting her nose and leaning into the giant black horse. “I’m quite silly, I know, but it’s so nice to not think it’s my fault.”
Meg is a bit surprised that Uriel seems a bit annoyed by the discussion before Michal Davies arrives on a rowan horse, nodding to them before he heads into the store. Uriel all but follows him a moment later, Samandiriel following after the other Angel shortly after.
Uriel grips tighter onto Mick, who motions to the servant to help as he holds up the Angel. Dean checked on the wound, though the Angel seems ready to show off his wings if they got too close. Dean backs off and instead helps Mick, helping him dry off while also checking for any signs of him being hurt as well. Bela, who came in later than Dean and the others, looks over at the group with some confusion that Mick quickly catches.
of the Seraphs to him, it’ll keep a few people safe. All he has to hope for is that it’s not the one who tried to grab him.
“That…that’s the Seraphs? The…noise, the Walls shaking?”
“Of course,” Castiel agrees, “though Angels are more prone to resting in communities like this one, we both have similar threats and similar wishes.”
Castiel watches her walk back to Davies, wondering about the conversation and the strange turn it had taken. He didn’t think he’d been too rude, though he supposed mentioning and insinuating her brother was unpleasant might have led to the way the conversation had turned by the end of the dance. He couldn’t help it, though, since he’d rather be truthful about such things than attempt false flattery.
“My, the rumors were true,” the buyer quickly comes out of the shadows, taking and checking over the item before the runner takes it back with a quick snatch.
Dean goes to pick up a few things to use later, “
It doesn’t take long, Uriel looking up when he arrives and frowning. “Hannah got you?”
“Funny,” Uriel muses from where he remains seated, “I could have sworn that such a thing means that he has more of a claim to him than you do.”
But even more unnerving is that so much of a push is made simply because they wish for Dean to return for their own reasons. Castiel cannot claim to be free of selfish reasons for why he wants Dean - that was argued already - but he at least attempted to understand what Dean needs, the time he needed, and not to push him into having another Evaluation or Placement when he was in a vulnerable state. If anything, Castiel gave Dean as much space as possible.
“A new shop opened up, and we hoped to look at it before Balthazar gave us some long-winded description of it,” Uriel mutters, though he’s looking around like he’s waiting to see someone.
they were.” the word was sneered out, Uriel pacing back and forth as more and more agitation grew in his power, as well as in his voice. “I told...I was….” He finally stops, looking down in shame, “I was unkind, angry at her, for some perceived slight, because it was
Castiel doesn’t mention going to his home either, so either Ward and he are covering to keep Dean in their pocket too, or there’s something he’s missing. Between this and what Mick said, if he lets his mind wander too much, he starts to get worried about what he wants to do. Mick will get him to Sammy, but if he runs, he’ll have to deal with Castiel and the Seraphs. If he gets Castiel’s help with this, though…could that work?
Sam says that makes Dean weak. Bobby doesn’t argue with him on this, but he doesn’t agree either. He does seem to think that if Dean is going to be in limbo, he will remain there for his own sake.
“Ah, and here they are - our Angels.” Sir Zachariah Adler smiles as he waves to them, the group bowing - Naomi gives a half-hearted curtsy to the group as they return the bows and curtsies as well. “They’re part of the Angel garrison stationed here.”
“Why?”
“The Seraph who raided Hell…Perdition…marked a few people that got away. I happened to find you, and a few others have been found since.” The news gets Dean to relax a bit – he’d believed they all were dead. “But along with that…the others also notice when Seraphs descend to take care of things, and three of us descended last night to deal with those who stole something important.” Dean feels his blood run cold.
“They said if I just take a test, there’d be no more fights.”
“I don’t like it, and I don’t like her.”
a Campbell.
"“You’re pushing yourself into this right now.”
Mick Davies lets out a soft groan as Castiel touches his shoulder, seeing the other man struggle to regain consciousness. Castiel examines him slowly, sending out for medical assistance as Mick mutters, “Knew…he’d tell…”
men, or else I’m sure Uriel would’ve said something beyond making his dislike of Mick clear the moment he
The last two weeks have been far from peaceful, and all that Castiel can consider as he looks at the board and everything else is that the attempt to get information from the Hunters in a civil manner had only resulted in more bad blood between the various factions here. Sam had come with Bobby, and while both wanted Dean to come with them. However, each major revelation about the Evaluations only seems to drive home more and more that Dean is not going to work with them as well as before.
Dean finds the panel he was looking for, helping to control the inner Walls and keep them safe in case of invaders or something else, and throws every switch, pushes every button, then pulls it off before getting out. The sheer cacophony of sounds is so deafening he nearly doesn’t see the third Seraph, the one he was dreading to run into.
“Chuckles is somewhere. Whatever else, I can’t escape.” He sounds resigned, which probably explains the tone. “So can I get dressed or are you in the habit of taking in the guys you recently fucked?”
“Recruitment,” an older male voice gets them both to look over at the door, the man with his hair slicked back and a trimmed, graying beard looking over at them. “Isn’t always done here. Not with Hunters. That’s in the blood, or in the training.” He looks at them both for a long moment before saying, “So...which one of you is the one that’s coming after Dean?”
Dean nods, since it does appear any carpentry stuff is fixed, but the rest is a bit shoddy, and some of it might need to be redone. They go through the different rooms, Dean making mental notes as the dark-haired man asks him about a few things but overall is fairly quiet, apparently content to watch him before he gets back to the front room and looks at him.
“That Adler fellow ever mention what nests here?”
He’d got barely enough time to move from this place to the rented apartment. The heater isn’t on currently, so the water’s cold, but it shocks him back to himself before he gets ready for the next move. The room inside of the building is full of the traces he’s kept trying to find Sammy, and the sealed box joins the rest as he huffs from exhaustion. His body is starting to protest his pace, but he quickly steels himself for the next bit.
“Fuck me, what did they do to piss off three?” No one knew what or who a Seraph was – only that they were humans gifted with something that made them god-like. He knew he could hear them, but not why. Still, he’d never pulled any of them before Alistair’s, so it could be that Hell gave him something besides nightmares and a need to hide his true identity while playing good Echelon slave.
“Alone?” Rachel asks incredulously, Dean offering a strained smile, obviously having answered this question far too often. He’s darker than he’d been before, and looks far happier in some ways.
Uriel gives him a look as Balthazar smirks at him, raising a glass of something that is probably alcohol. “
“He’s the one I was looking for,” Castiel says simply, getting Balthazar to make a disgusted look as Hannah pouts. Naomi calls for quiet before saying, “
“Usual places?”
Hunters needed to be mobile, and so often moved in smaller groups like Sam’s or Dean’s. They also never really used seals similar to the one Dean had found, unless they were under employee, then they had that employer create or use it, allowing them to save face should things go south. Dean doubted that Sam had been the one to leave the seal: Father had taught the two to never be so sloppy, though he’d not always stood up to those ideals instilled in his children. Still, since he’d returned to England and went under the wing of Grandfather Samuel and the others, Sam had done more and more things that left Dean to question how well they really knew their brother.
Talks are had, and the truth is revealed.
“Of course not,” Davies says as he takes the reins of their horses, glancing around the small group before Bela raises her hand - it was her turn to be the rear guard. “You expected them to have information?”
who got caught.
The final burst of speed sends him through the final bit of junk and rotting flora and fauna, reams of used plastic printing waiting to be recycled for another round scattering under his feet as he goes. He takes a chance and dives for the opening, barely making it through and feeling the wind from the Seraphim’s wings as it banks up, the rumble in the vent, and everything rattling as he quickly heads down the way. He’s sure that it’ll try to follow him, but for everyone else, the vents are dangerous, a maze that no one has mapped out completely. He still doubles back a few times, and takes the long route to his rendezvous spot, making it with time to spare. The diamond-like structures work to close up a hole made from one of the last attacks to gain entrance into the Echelon by some group outside, though it’s only allowed in a few people to make up the ranks of the downtrodden in what the Tiered folk calls the ‘Garden’.
Mick glances at Dean, who’s looking paler than normal, as they let out a sad breath. “That might work, but it’ll be dangerous, Benny.”
Dean appears a bit distracted during the meeting, though Castiel suspects that with all that is going on, that was bound to happen. He’d only just learned who he really was, and from what he’d mentioned before, Castiel had an idea that he had not been raised in Echelon fully, and only integrated into it due to circumstances before him.
“I can—.” Dean cuts Uriel off by walking up and pushing at his bandaged hand, making the Angel hiss in pain and pull himself closer to Mick, who manages to keep them both upright. Dean releases the Angel quickly and offers a sincere apology in Enochian, making Uriel look at them in surprise and confusion. Mick gives Dean an annoyed look that Dean ignores in favor of speaking to the very upset Angel.
“As I said, we’re all here to make sure the Squirrel is doing good. I was called in to be neutral, along with a few others. After all, Hunters in some areas are a very exclusive club. One would almost think you’re all cooking the books to keep them all in the family. Naughty.” The hint and Crowley being here makes sense. The Coven supposedly had caused his mother issues for having him ‘unsanctioned’, and her work against them had been quite a push. He wishes that it hadn’t been brought to that, but he is glad he warned Dean’s friend now. Hopefully, things won’t turn so bad, but at this point, Castiel is the one with the so-called ‘claim’ to Dean that is stronger than Singer and Sam Winchester, unless something else is going to come up.
Dean takes a risk or two.
“Firstly, what use was the motor to the Hunter group, beyond a new design they might not be able to create?” Dean is quiet at the question as Castiel continues. “The ones we did catch and who have spoken to us willingly since last night have hinted that they believed it was an older model. However, Walt and Roy were specific on what they told him to get.”
He smiles back at him, waving him off. “Thank me when we’re done.”
. There’s probably some sort of song and dance to go through if it involves tea, though…
Calling from Castiel’s office isn’t the best idea, but Dean manages a few controls to keep things quiet, smiling the moment he hears Bobby’s voice until his annoyed voice registers.
“He will still need the training, no matter what,” Castiel argues quietly as they enter Uriel’s room, “and he knows what he’s doing. He’s old enough to be allowed to learn, and to take the risk.”
Naomi smiles a bit at that, as Balthazar hums in agreement. “
“I didn’t say anything,” Meg protests quietly as they walk down the street, “and besides, why are you so worried over what Uriel does?”
Still, if this was the Winchesters, it means the Men of Letters are working to gain the trust of the Hunters groups. If that’s the case, this particular incident will
“Was it not a guy?”
A brief interlude before the ball at Fielkett
It’s bad odds, depending on what’s in there, but Dean isn’t about to let this nest fester and grow. Not when it means saving more people.
“Yes. Uriel and I did stay for a little while, and your brother mentioned something while we were there...about a list.”
“Can I get dressed at least, or wash off?”
Cas nods, getting Millie to let out a mental sigh of relief before continuing on, changing the subject, “I also heard my brother hosted you and another Angel for a short bit, when they were recovering?”
“Hello,” Castiel says, looking at the man, his phone with the photo, and blinking in surprise. His match is here...dressed as a postman. On top of that, he looks very familiar, though dressed much differently and with a far cleaner look to him than the last time Castiel might have seen him.
Castiel sighs as he looks at the information before him. All roads point to the fact that Dean Winchester needs someone to help him, and that until major changes are made, that will not be Sam Winchester or Bobby Singer. The two are far too close to him as he was, and as they’d treated him at the behest of John Winchester, to allow for anything beyond Dean to let them into his life when he had the chance.
“What Naomi can give me, a timeline, and whatever else you can think of. Perhaps my own room, but a wall or board will be good enough. I have a few things to think about.”
The next day brought with it news of a warm front that got all of them excited before they discovered it was set to miss them by a solid 100 miles.  It looked like it would bring relief from the remaining snow further south, at least.  As it was, they weren’t the only ones still paralyzed.  The news from the surrounding regions suggested that everyone else was still struggling to dig out from the kind of storm that no snow-removal infrastructure, no matter how well-organized, had been prepared to deal with.  Honestly, one of the biggest problems everyone seemed to be dealing with was quite simply where to
I was kind enough to cater to your schedule.  What do you say?”
“I will make inquiries,” Cas agreed readily, still apparently bewildered by Dean’s amazement at these bizarre developments.
“I guess we could check the Men of Letters’ records,” Sam said doubtfully, “but I don’t remember seeing anything about plans for a snow emergency.  I think they figured that the place was more than well-stocked enough to sustain people down here for indeterminate lengths of time.  Lucky for us, they’re not wrong.  There’s no way we’re gonna lose power—”
Wait, what?
It won’t, though, and he knows it.
Sam was far from done, but by mutual agreement, Dean and Cas sprinted down the hallway and toward the library.  Dean allowed Cas to take his hand back so that he could plaster it over his ear.  This was not an act of mercy—mostly Dean needed his own hand back to block out the cacophony that followed them toward the library.
“I caught that,” Dean told him disapprovingly, “and don’t pretend like you don’t enjoy it.”
Cas settles for inclining his head slightly before leveling an assessing gaze on Dean.  The intentness of it might be disconcerting if Dean wasn’t so used to what a close eye Cas keeps on him, in both the literal and figurative senses.  “Are you still sleepy?” Cas inquires solicitously.  “Would you like to rest some more?”
In the end, it don’t matter that he doesn’t know what to say.  Jeb slumps forward onto his knees, then onto his face, and it’s over just like that.
He couldn’t have said what slowed and then paused him altogether, he simply found himself standing motionless two or three feet from the turn that would deposit him into the library.  Head cocked, his ears tuned in to the give-and-take of the familiar voices that echoed within, and for the first time Dean really registered what was being said.
Cas drifts back off at last, secure in the knowledge that he’s not going to be disturbed again, either by cat or boyfriend.
had been the ability to start making his own food, and finding himself unable to do so left him frustrated and irascible.  Add to that the fact that cooking and baking had been one of the primary ways he occupied his time while trapped in here, and by the time they’d gone a couple days with only MREs and the occasional peanut butter sandwich, he was about ready to start tearing his own hair out in chunks.
“Okay, this says they like cow’s milk.  Cas, can you go grab a bowl of milk from the hive?  We can lure it over with that and then just…stab out the eye.”
Castiel: Jewish Grandmother.  It's got kind of a ring to it, actually.
Anyway, he’s got bigger and a good deal more painful concerns half a second later, as the flat back of the oval wooden hairbrush falls across his ass three times, the sharp cracks echoing through the cavernous boiler room.
Dean headed out, feeling a lot better after getting reassurance from Sam directly that he wasn’t gonna try to get out of bed and end up braining himself if he tried to get in touch with them mid-scene and didn’t get an immediate response.  And it didn’t hurt to get confirmation that the kid really was in no shape to somehow hunt them down and creep on them again.
“You got it,” Dean told him, watching for only a couple seconds after Sam vanished through the doorway.
Cas’s snickers have developed into full-on chortling at this point, and if Dean weren’t so annoyed by this failure, he’d probably be joining in.  For the moment, though, he settles for yelling at the top of his lungs into the phone.
“You could just take one of the other mounts from the men—” he says, sounding a little confused, and Michael shakes his head, thinking fast.
“Hey, can one of you grab me a glass of—“
“Who you got there?” Charlie asks, looking Cas up and down, and Dean turns his head to look at Cas.  Again, not for the first time, Cas is caught up in that green gaze, even more beautiful now for the way it sparkles with joy and relief.
to say it.
“I think,” Dean interrupted, turning back to Cas, “We’re playing Risk.  Sam might cry if we don’t.”
“Yes, sir, I already have—have marks.  Under my clothes.”
“The gifts you gave me today, your submission, your acceptance, your pain and your pleasure—they are beautiful.  They are sacred.  There is nothing profane or unclean about them.  They are pure and shining and I cherish them far beyond anything the meager descriptive powers of language can express.  So much was asked of you, and you gave it all without hesitation, without holding anything back for yourself.  Nothing has ever been so perfect.  I love you, Dean Winchester.  I will love you until the universe itself crumbles to dust, and still longer than that.  I will love you every day of your life and every moment thereafter.”
Yup.  That was Dean’s cue to beat a hasty retreat.  He mumbled something unintelligible and zipped off to the kitchen, managing at least to turn his back before he gave into the irresistible urge to roll his eyes about five times in a row.
Nothing happens.
Dean can feel himself blush to what feels like the tips of his
didn’t want to think about that right now, and made the executive decision not to do so.  Instead he resolutely shoved it back into a dim corner of his brain, to be addressed later, when everything wasn’t quite so complicated.
“Look at yourself,” Dean murmured as he set the bottle aside once more and reached back with three slick fingers, “Look at how good you’re being.  Look at how—oh, God,” he had to interrupt himself with a groan as his fingers drove back in, dragging lightly across his prostate, “—how hard you’re working to stay still, to stay where I put you.  So good.”
This time he knew what would happen as soon as he gave up the word, but he did it anyway.
something to Dean, something he didn’t quite have words for, but was powerless to resist.  Was this what Cas felt like in the moments when he looked at Dean like he was going to eat him for lunch?  Dean imagined it must’ve been something like that, because he was pretty sure he had never felt the need to devour, to take, to
As if Cas sensed this, he let their joined hands fall once more and turned, drawing Dean with him into the cavernous space beyond.
“Fair enough, okay.  Hang out, Gregor, once we get rid of him I’ve got about twenty thousand more questions for you if you’re game.”
“Holy crap, do I ever need a shower.”
in his entire life), wearing both earplugs and headphones, although their combined powers were still utterly inadequate against Sam’s serenade.  He was extra generous with the peanut butter and provided a massive glass of soy milk, knowing that Sam would need it.  Trusting to the soy milk to have the expected effect on Sam’s bladder, Dean left the room after ensuring that the plate and glass had both vanished into the blanket fort.
Silence spun out for another ten seconds before Dean decided to try again.  Maybe they’d been hallucinating.  Paying much closer attention to the room this time, he spoke up a little tentatively.  “Sammy?”
He hangs on for a good long minute, ignoring the sounds of spluttering from above and the rhythmic shaking of the ankle in question.  After a few seconds, the sounds resolve into what could properly be termed cackles as Sam loses the battle for control.  Dean finally slides back to the floor, dusting himself off, then turns to see Cas, who is laughing so hard he’s actually wheezing.  Casting the angel a narrow look, Dean heads back for his meal, snagging the beer and taking a long, satisfying draft before coming up for air.  “Walk it off,” he advises Cas a little grumpily, “and keep it to yourself, while you’re at it.  Can’t a man be grateful for a good meal?”
There was the soft clinking sound of Cas unfastening his own slacks once more, and although one of the benefits of being an angel was zero refractory period, Dean didn’t think Cas was aiming to go right back at it.  Instead, he was—
“For?” Cas says, looking mildly surprised.
“Jeremiah, you’re to keep an eye on the prisoner today.  Castiel will be taking over your errands.”  The kid looks disappointed—a trip to town is far preferable to sitting around with a chained-up man for hours on end, but he’s a good fellow and he’ll do as he’s told.  Castiel, standing stone still, face a solid mask, waits in silence to hear what Michael’s sending him to do.  “The train heist,” Michael says, and Castiel nods in understanding.  “We’re set for it two days hence, after Zachariah gets back, but I want confirmation that the gold will actually be traveling that day.  You recall what happened last time we hit the train?”
After another moment of study, Sam appeared to take him at his word and nodded, turning to Cas with a smile of welcome.  “So, you guys got a minute to talk?”
AUTHOR’S NOTE:
Dean motioned to the plate and glass that still rested on the counter, and Cas grabbed them.  Dean dropped a quick kiss on his cheek in thanks, then stepped past him, headed for the door to the library.  He needed to time it perfectly—if he got it wrong, Cas would see it too soon and reel him back into the kitchen.  Dean held his breath in anticipation, and he was not disappointed.
Instead, he reaches out and flips on the radio, letting the sound of some early morning Bumblefuck, America, Jesus Freak station fill the car.
want you to unquestioningly accept a punishment that you feel is truly unjust.  I would never ask that of you.”
“Good point,” Dean allows, taking a moment to think about how little
Okay, I've tested this metaphor about as far as it's willing to go.
This time, he doesn’t give much thought to strategy.  Any head start he has is likely to be negligible and anyway, all that crawling and sitting hunched over has Dean itching to
Dean paused to consider that before nodding.  “Okay, that’s fair.  I’m gonna go check on him.”
While he’s being punished, is what Cas really means.  It’s amazing how much thinking you can do while having your ass set on fire.  Dean wracks his brain, trying to figure out what he’s missed, what else he needs to apologize for, but it escapes him, hovering just out of reach.
Cas’s face was turning red, and Dean thought he actually smelled a whiff of ozone in the air before the angel took in a long, slow breath and got himself back under control.  He motioned helplessly to Dean, as if to say that he had already done his best and he was tapping out.  Dean, who had no fucking clue how to salvage this situation, tried again one more time.
okay.  I love you.” Yeah, maybe they were words he wasn’t super comfortable saying, but if ever there was a moment in which he needed to get over his shit, it was this one.  Cas needed to hear it right now, and Dean would never be able to deny him what he needed.
Chapter-specific warnings/tags:  Very light bondage/tie kink (mostly because it's what happened to be convenient).  Switching-ish.  Bottoming from the top.  Coitus, as always, interruptus (ohai Sam).  And finally, a sexual encounter that could, if you squint just right and REALLY want to make trouble, potentially be read as borderline dubcon.  It isn't.  I want to make that perfectly clear.  Cas does consent to what happens.  His reservations all stem from his concerns about his own self-control.  Dean does not do anything that Cas doesn't want, no matter how much Cas feels he shouldn't be allowed to have it.
“Touchy, touchy,” Dean snickered, as Cas shook his head at Sam with that unique blend of avuncular indulgence and stern-teacher disappointment that always made Dean feel both turned on and horrified by his own arousal simultaneously.
“More fingers?” Cas asks innocently, as if he doesn’t know exactly what Dean is begging for, “or is it possible that you want something else?”
(Also, the next update will probably include some more smut, for those of you patiently awaiting it.)
After a minute, Dean was able to gather at least some of the reasons the mojo might be preferable.  He poked at his own mind, a little distantly, a little curiously, trying to figure out if he was okay with it.  He hadn’t had the same immediate negative reaction he’d had to the idea of being healed, after all.
“I am sorry, Dean.  You are right, that was uncalled for.  I should not have—I am still far too worked up over Sam’s…” Cas trailed off, shaking his head in an indication of his inability to put words to what exactly Sam was doing.
The bright light was back, pounding at him through what he was now sure were his own slitted eyelids.  They wouldn’t open further because—because his eyelashes were sticking together.  Were gummed with…something.
“See?” Cas says reassuringly, earning a smoothly relieved sigh from behind Dean and an appreciative and kind of oddly phlegmy, distinctly Irish (or maybe it’s Scottish?  He’s not entirely sure) sound from his left.  “Dean, Stuart and Gregor are wondering how long—”
“Yep,” Sam says, turning for the door, “see you in an hour or two.”
“I guessed that part, seein’ as how you’re here and not chained up next to me, and I’ve been made to understand the Novak gang is real particular about being only…y’know.  Novaks.”
“Good boy,” he picks up smoothly, “getting dressed so quickly.  Now get your ass in the car, and don’t dawdle or I’ll figure I didn’t spank you enough and bend you over the hood.”
Each of them was designed for a 90 day mission, but—”
The kiss is light, almost gentle, an introduction and invitation between them, a question asked and answered.  There is no tongue, just the brush of lips together softly, once, twice, a third time.
Yeah, fine, he’s attracted to Cas, he can sort of halfway cringingly acknowledge it to himself.  And it makes sense.  The angel is a good-looking dude, with his strong jawline, full—if chapped—lips, ice blue eyes, and—well, the details don’t matter, suffice it to say he’s no slouch in the looks department.  Cas is also one of his best friends, one of (at last count) two people on the planet that Dean trusts implicitly and entirely.  The other is his brother, and Dean most definitely does not find
He gets it, too, the second those fingers hit his prostate.  Dean lets out a low groan, hips squirming against the bed—although he’s not entirely sure whether he’s trying to escape the painful pleasure or intensify it.
“That’s…that’s stupid, he wouldn’t
The angel’s hands settled against his shoulders a few seconds later, coated in some sort of warm, sweet-smelling lotion.  His strong fingers started to knead muscles that had been strung tight with tension all day long, and without making a conscious decision to do so, Dean found himself melting with effortless gratitude into the touch.
You will not, of course, be expected to lie on your back or sit down, for that.”
planning a long-term revision of how he approaches Dean when it comes to the tabby from hell.  It’s heartening to see that things aren’t going to go right back to that particular status quo, not that Dean was expecting that they would.  “Not to mention,” Cas speaks up after a moment, looking thoughtful, “I doubt Punkin would appreciate such an effort without his prior approval, and it seems unlikely that he would provide any such approval.  Cats have specifically chosen not to make use of the communal language most animals favor.  I imagine he would feel that it was little better than eavesdropping.”
The massage went on for what had to be at least an hour and might have been twice that.  Cas took his time, rubbing down shoulders and arms, working the knots patiently out of Dean’s neck and back before turning his calves (which had still been sore and tight from the previous night) into what felt like two puddles of warm, relaxed goo.
“I said you owe me two freebies!  I couldn’t sit for three days after the last time I drank one of those bottles outside of aftercare, and you nailed me last week for a lie of omission!”
to breathe, which interestingly enough made his breathing one of the simplest ways of gauging his mood.  Now, the rapidity of those breaths was a battle between terror and sheer, unadulterated
The warmth of the metal behind and below him does nothing to dispel the full-body chill that overtakes Dean.  Holy
“Apparently,” Sam says, folding his massive form down until he’s seated cross-legged on the floor (which is quite the relief for Dean’s poor neck, which is gonna have a permanent crick from how much craning it’s had to do lately), “Stuart and a small group of his friends and relatives have been, uh, following our activities for some time now.”
It was perfect.  It was
What with one thing (Curtis) and another (icanhascheezburger.com), it had been almost a week since he and Cas had fucked, but the soft mewl Dean made when he felt the head of Cas’s cock nudge at the ring of muscle between his cheeks was not one of protest at the lack of prep.
“Nothing,” Dean mutters, “yeah, I’m in.”
Snagging the mortar and pestle from the cupboard (he’d laughed at Cas when he mistakenly placed the thing in here instead of in the spell-ingredient room, but it looked like the joke was on Dean), he carefully ground up the trio of pills into a fine powder that he tipped into the pile of mashed potatoes onto the plate on Dean’s left.  Chanting “left, left, left,” silently to himself, Dean mixed the potatoes well, then added an additional dollop for good measure.  He’d gone with Sam’s recommendation and mixed a couple drops of truffle oil into the mashed potatoes, pretty sure that the strong flavor would overwhelm any bitter-pill taste left by the Hydroxyzine.
“I…yes, sir,” Dean breathed, his ass rising as much as it was able, trying to meet the cock that continued to batter it.  He had no fucking clue how he hadn’t come yet, just knew that he would damn well finish this delicious spanking before he finally let loose, and—
Chapter-specific tags and warnings can be found at the end of the chapter, as ever, along with an author's note and a plea for help, you jerks.
Silence reigned in the room for long moments as Dean and Sam slowly swiveled their heads around to face Cas.  He gazed back at them blandly, clearly totally unaware of the impact this revelation would have.  Five seconds later, Dean was literally laid out on the floor, having slid out of his chair altogether from the force of his hysterics.  The mental picture was absolutely priceless, although he really, really wished there were pictures somewhere, because Cas in a skimpy superhero costume?  Yum.  Come to think of it, he might insist on a reenactment of the reenactment one of these days.  Sam, meanwhile, who had also gotten a good chuckle over it, got over it a lot faster and started to engage Cas in a discussion of the value of experiences that allowed one to put themselves more fully in the shoes of what he referred to as ‘oppressed populations.’  Cas, he seemed to feel, could now better understand the plight of women in superhero movies and in the population at large, as they were often objectified.
Now is probably not the moment to tell the angel that Dean has been known to supplement his masturbation in such a way that his ass is probably not quite as virgin-tight as it might otherwise be.  Anyway, the fact that he’s finger-fucked himself on a regular basis for years now will only make so much difference.  Dean can feel perfectly well that the cock his hand is wrapped around is a hell of a lot bigger than his own fingers, and unless they go awful slow, Cas’s concern is probably a valid one.  It’s going to hurt.  Dean is not put off by the thought, and his voice is no less wracked with need when he gasps out a response.
and I are co-writing this year's DCBB.  We're about a third of the way through and having a great time, but it's also keeping us busy.  For those of you who aren't familiar with her work, I strongly recommend going to check out her current WIP,
Thanks again for reading and commenting.  Until we meet again!
It feels wrong.  It feels unsettling.  It feels weird—but not half as weird as the words that tumble out of Dean’s mouth without his prior permission the second their lips disengage.
despite both of us knowing that I gravely miscalculated.  In the past, whenever you have made an error that needs accounting, you have not particularly enjoyed the spankings that you’ve earned, but they have restored a sense of equilibrium.  They have left you feeling that all is once again right with the world, and between us.  You’re seeking that feeling now, and know of no faster or simpler way to achieve it.  Is that about right?”  Dean blinks stupidly at Cas for a long moment, trying to figure out how the angel climbed into his head and pulled out the thoughts that he was unable to put into words, fully formed and eloquent.
“Anything?” asked Crowley, methodically.
The lights flickered overhead.
He skims the page realizing they aren’t exactly journal entries, per se, but more a place for one sentence thoughts.
Dean cocked his head back, eyes getting big.
“I did what I thought was right,” Dean said. “All I wanted was to protect you. . . even if it was from me.”
Cas thought, chills running through him.
“Did you send the shifter, too?” he asked, voice wavering
“Why forestall the inevitable?” Crowley coaxed.
“Yeah. Hey, Cas, buddy” he coughed, clearing his throat again, trying to re-instill a more casual tone, "I gotta ask you something.”
Using the back of his hand, he shoved a few items around, considering, then grabbed a beer. Not bothering to snag a plate or toppings, Dean snatched a bagel and made his way to the table. The chair scraped too loudly against the floor. It felt too stiff when he sat on it. He pulled a second chair over and propped his crossed bare feet on top of the armrest.
Castiel didn’t know what he was reaching for.
Thunder roared at each crack of lightning. This place was chaos. So how was it, things were starting to feel clear?
“Cas, wait, no. Don’t--”
Anna swallowed, feeling a sense of pity for Castiel. He knew nothing of humanity. Of family.
“Shit.”
“Not sure,” Dean hesitated, the words catching in his throat.
“I knew you’d need a reason to come back,” she said, voice neutral. “I’d seen it, I knew he’d never let you go unless it was for your own good. And you would never leave him, unless he made you. So do it.”
A flash of lightning charged through the room, consuming them in light before its death, then suddenly, everything went black.
Pen scratches, digging into the paper:
“What other choice do we have? We can’t call Cas, and we need to know what this weird-as-hell dream riddle says.”
“What am I doing?” he heard himself whisper, stone still. He cradled his thoughts inside him like a protective cavern, the red door in front of him a fortress wall.
His heart pulsed wildly as they plunged deeper, faster. Not his heart, he reminded himself. We aren't really here.
“Look, I know it sounds insane, but this was more than just a dream.” Dean started talking with his hands, getting more animated. “It was, I dunno. . . real somehow. Whatever it is, it’s messed up. I just need someone to have a little faith in me when I say something is not right here.”
Still, Cas's grip squeezing their palms together felt real.
"See what all that gets us?" Dean spits, frowning. "Can't you just get me flowers like a normal husband?"
“Heaven needed us to be both docile and deadly. Emotionless. So they fixed the broken tools the only way they could; wiping out the doubt and everything it came from.”
Dean picks up the pages, testing their weight in his palm. There aren’t just a few. There are a lot.
He froze, letting his hand break away, instead using it to grip his own chest, tightly.
Lightning fissures cracked through the air in random patterns. Fires rose massive in thousand foot pillars from the ground spreading out and fanning through scores of screams. The familiar sound was both intoxicating and terrifying, and Dean shuddered.
Dean felt frozen in place, as if he were watching the events unfold on a movie screen, rather than right in front of him. Everything felt just out of reach.
“Kill me.”
Condensation dripped down the back of his neck like cool breath, his head swimming. The air was dusty red, and tinges of it laced through his mind in unrecognized memory.
He placed his palm against the flat expanse of the door as if he could feel Dean:
The ash rose in flakes, brushing their skin as if in an attempt to cauterize them.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek, bracing himself. This was going to be uncomfortable.
As Dean stirs, he takes all the rest of the blankets with him. He accidentally kicks Cas's shin and Cas yelps, twisting forward and their heads knock together. They sit up, 4am numbers shining from the alarm clock and they are both rubbing their heads, Dean with a scowl.
Cas stared back at him completely defeated, like he was fading all over again. Flipped photos on the desk.
His toes dangled over the chasm, still. The waters raged below, and he felt the answer deep inside him:
Dean blinked, delaying before he moved to the side to allow him access. He slowly walked to the center of the room, listening to the door close lightly before he was face to face with Dean. He anchored the part of him that had felt at sea in the safety of this space, his senses inundated with freckles, messy blonde hair and the familiar smell of leather and whiskey.
Dean’s sleep was fitful. The way the bunker shielded him from any sunlight exacerbated his habit of waking up too early. At least today it felt warranted. He plodded through the dim-lit halls, making his way to the kitchen and opened the fridge door with a groan. His muscles felt stiff and sore.
Hands, reaching, massive, wrapping themselves around the giant pillars of fire. The creature plucked the flaming beams from the ground, welding them, cracking them like whips across the sky.
“Sure you are,” Crowley mocked. “Thousands of winged do-gooders have gone where we've gone. Done what we've done.” He said the last part with a wink. Cas’s fists balled at his sides.
What was left of their dwindling inner cages gave way softly, slowly as warmth spread through Dean.
Dean glanced at Cas. A final look of understanding; Time to shatter the glass.
Then, as quickly as it came, it settled.
Throughout the last few days, Cas had held their burdens, he’d been the anchor, guiding Dean as they gained their memories back, holding a space of safety to traverse the past. Now, though, Cas stared back at him through shattered trust, all their foundations broken and distorted.
“I never meant. . . ” her voice faded. Then: “Why would he shield her?”
The walls dimmed as the whispering of the angels continued, no one daring to move, but everyone readied, blades drawn--a sea of silver, glinting and blinding.
Cas, Dean prays. Touch me.
“It’s not anything you need to worry about,” Cas said, his mouth minutely twitching.
See you in the comments and on
Light, fading, drowning inside the clutch of Cas’s fingers.
Lightning razed the night sky, painting them in phosphorus glow.
“Ok, your call,” Sam said instead, throwing the control back Dean’s way. “So what do we do?”
Hell opened its jaws wide. Dean wanted to call to Cas but the words became gritted ash, stuck between his teeth.
Dean shivered. The words dragging through him like barbs, scraping at his insides, tearing at his throat:
“We aren’t the same,” he said, voice drawn with emotion. “You anticipate violence because you give it--expect domination because it’s all you know. You crave death, and you think I need it from you. This is what you don’t understand.”
Dean squints, his mouth falling open slightly as he hears a sound behind him. He turns. Cas’s face is surprisingly calm for someone who’s caught another person rifling through his entries.
Colors swirled in the light, and he felt the comfort of Cas beside him, the kind of peace he’d never known before. It was as if the emotions were snatched from forgotten corners of his soul, things he didn't even know were there. Memories, sharp and bright, glowing in the emptiness like lit candles.
Cas’s anger ripped up the edges of his words making them jagged. Dean opened his mouth to speak. Cas cut him off.
No, it wasn’t screams on the air, but a calculated symphony of control. The angels below with suffocated voices, swallowing gulps of air before being thrust back into the dominating river of sound. Drowning. For the first time, he could see the strings… plucked and stretched out thin like spider webs slung across the sky--Intricate stories with the endings already written in blood.
My betas make the world go round. Thank you and I love you.
Too wide, his mind supplied. Too fast, too full, too deep, and getting deeper by the second, the water biting at the edges of each bank, recklessly devouring the earth below and carrying it away.
"The only thing your self hate manages to undo," he whispered, "is you."
“You were a victim,” Cas said, looking at Dean without judgment.
you into.
White walls and an angel blade. Dean’s voice. Red.
Some part of Dean screamed it was an illusion. They weren’t falling. Not really. He could sense their unconscious bodies still on the floor of Naomi’s room. And yet, the descent felt real. He could feel Cas’s hand tighten around his.
His eyes, for the first time burdened with his own light, his wings, tucked deeply down his back--he faltered.
When Cas spoke it was soft and slow. Each new phrase was coded with emotional force. Dean’s dream delirium had slightly returned, and he struggled to process the words. They floated through him out of order and out of context, like broken puzzle pieces falling into his mind.
“I don’t, uh, I mean. . .well. . . I dreamed it, okay? It doesn’t matter.” Dean answered.
Drawn by the explosion, suits crowded into the once empty corridor, filling with plain-faced angels surrounding them on all sides. Rebecca’s voice, small and distant, as she stared in horror at Cas’s chest:
She’d been an angel far longer, but Earth was the only time she’d felt alive.
Cas’s hand waits for Dean to allow it.
Dean tossed the duffel bag on the bed, positioning himself in front of it when he noticed Cas’s gaze.
****Some amazing chapter fanart by my beta, Ana (sinnabonka):
-Sam is acting off. I’m suspicious of his activities and hope that he isn’t drinking–
Cas accidentally hit the power button and everything went dark. Dean shook his head. “Give it here,” he said, rolling his eyes. He tapped on the screen quickly while Cas frowned.
Cas tilted his head as Dean approached. He lifted the lapel of his jacket as if noticing his saturated appearance for the first time, then dropped it dismissively.
Booming voices in the air, reverberating:
“You can barely look at me now.”
“Stand up,” Cas ordered as soon as she’d fully regained consciousness. She did, slowly, staring at him the whole way.
Your soul is your light, Dean thought, and they fractured mine.
Turning back to the sentence, Dean reread the words, folding forward as he clutched his stomach. He pushed the paper to the top of the desk, hands searching for whiskey, lips sealing across the mouth of the bottle in desperation as he closed his eyes.
The scene began to slow.
have imagined.”
“You found her,” Rebecca said, breathlessly when she’d entered the room.
“I remember,” Cas accused. Then, barely looking at Dean: “We remember everything you took from us.”
He was walking, loafers splashing through the river of rainwater running along the dip in black asphalt. Cas’s socks squished in his shoes, his ears turning pink from cold. The red Neon Sign of the motel scattered broken crimson light through the sky.
He wound down his window a crack, and inhaled the fresh air. The icy breath brought Dean back to the present moment, and the dream's disorientation began to settle. A few houses he drove by had modest white Christmas lights strung along the rooftops and Dean drove slower past these.
But she did.
Instead, he was met with synesthesia on the air--painting the sky in sunset orange and purple, waving patterns as he attuned himself to the familiar hum. One sound, one dominant color, pulling the others to it in like resonance and its primary note: red.
They stand on the pages of their past, kissing deeper, as if finding each other again after years of being lost.
He shivers when Cas’s hand falls on the skin of his arm, holding it tightly.
In front of Cas, a cluster of stars, bright and glowing like the sun, filling him with unease and fear.
“Alright,” he conceded. “But no commenting. And no faces.”
The lips of the bottle are cold against Dean’s. He likes it that way—the ice before the bitter taste and heat. His mouth becomes the gateway between tangible and fantasy where he can pinpoint the spaces to untangle and let go.
“I just don’t want to kill any more angels.”
Cas, dropping to his knees, his eyes rolling skyward with a groan.
Crowley turned another screw, pausing as Cas’s eyes rolled back into his head, his body going slack.
Clearing his throat, Dean braves a look at Cas.
My betas make the world go round. Thank you and I love you.
Thomas glanced at her through the fire, all the angels’ eyes quickly drawn to the portal through the window.
Dean quickly began to draw, shutting his eyes briefly every now and then, as if trying to pull information to the front of his mind before it disintegrated from his memory.
Hot, bellowing walls of smoke choked their lungs. Below them, a crackling lake of fire, and they were diving right into its depths.
Suddenly, the room started to change, the dream fog beginning to lift.
“How could you think it was okay to decide that for me?”
But then Dean thumbs to the handwritten pages at the back. Even without the confirmation of the dates, he can tell they are more recent by the way that Cas’s handwriting has started to lose its neat quality over the years, morphing into the messy scrawls Dean recognizes now.
Whose forgiveness was he waiting for? He looked at Cas.
“Well, what do you know, it's tweedle dee and tweedle dum,” he smiled up at Cas who shot him a glare.
"Breathe, Dean," Cas urged. "Breathe."
“I’m almost starting to understand why you chose to follow the humans,” she whispered, heated breaths fogging up the blade as she swallowed against the sharp edge.
Dean deadpanned, “Breakfast of champions.”
He didn’t know the words.
If Castiel ever arrived at it, there was always the chance it might crush him.
See you in the comments and on
“Sometimes,” he said softly, still turned away. “The only way out is through.”
Tiny droplets of sweat gathered at the tip of Cas’s hairline, and his chest had become almost still. Dean glanced at the handprint on his shoulder, missing the glow, the connection that laced them together. Instead it was red and plain, almost fading under heaven’s diminishing light.
Headlights.
Dean faltered.
Everything was white--Dean's eyes lit with light, glowing eerily in their sockets. His skin appeared translucent and luminous. Cas glanced at his own hands, noticing a similar effect.
Just a reflection, nothing more.
Castiel dove deeper without hesitation, path fixed on Dean. He slashed viciously at anything that threatened his descent, bodies of thwarted demons flying in every direction. He roared, stretching his millions of feathers in great arches above him.
He didn’t know the words.
See you in the comments and on
“I think I grazed his heart.”
Cas felt something cold and dark grow inside him.
“He’s dying,” one of the angels said, and Dean flinched, muscles tightening.
"Dean!" Cas called, snapping him out of it. He finally looked in Cas's direction just as his knees gave way and Cas steadied him with a hand.
“I need to go.”
Rebecca’s shadow fell on them both.
Dean gasped. He looked from Cas to the giant beast in the sky, marveling. They were the same, he knew, but he'd never fully understood the greatness.
The tension strung between them like a chord. Lightning pierced the room, chasing the shadows away, if only momentarily.
There was something to be said for humans. Angels had anger and fire, but she saw the beginnings of need forming in Castiel. Yearning for more, even if he didn’t know what that yet meant.
“Did you dream about me?” asked Cas. The words tumbled quickly from his mouth, one eyebrow cocked with an intrigued look. Cas stepped forward, stopping just short of knocking Dean over.
-- the sound of the ocean waves folding over themselves in the background.
Dean thought for a moment, pushing down the sudden rise of emotion, then he gave Sam a knowing look.
“Ignore it,” said Cas, his voice commanding despite his compromised position; his forehead trickled with a delicate amount of blood where the screw had barely scratched it.
“Try.”
Silence.
The red dirt came with it, staining the water. Finally, it was dark red and violently purging anything in its path. Trees. Bushes. Rocks. He leaned forward, watching the powerful force bash and grind at the earth.
Her mother’s arms wrapped tight around her. Touch. Emotions.
“Can I come in?” Cas exhaled.
Dean held his breath.
“So tell me now,” Dean says. “I’m awake. Tell me now.”
Somewhere in the distance, Dean thought he heard the sound of water. Slowly, he let his forehead press against his--one last attempt to pull them together before the totality of space overtook them. His tears dripped down, sliding into the crease of Cas’s eyelids before escaping and becoming his own.
Cas nods in the dark.
Castiel’s handprint glowed between them like the final religious blasphemy; an angel and the man he rescued from hell.
This was the most detailed dream he’d ever had. Even the small crack in the corner of the ceiling he stared at every night looked identical. Everything seemed real and vivid, leaving him cold and confused. Still, a buried part of his mind sensed the dissonance and screamed at him not to trust what he was seeing.
My betas mean everything to me. Thank you for the love and support thoughout this entire fic. A special shout out to Ana (sinnabonka) who has helped me raise this story like a co-parent with more love than I could have ever imagined. You are a queen.
-Dean smiled today. I haven’t seen that in a long time. He has a beautiful smile.
He blinked against the darkness, sweating, his heart racing. The room was chillingly silent and empty. Dean froze as he took inventory of reality. Rubbing his eyes, he let his feet flop to the side of the bed, forcing himself to calm down. His eyes grazed the floor looking for water, but the hard surface was bone-dry. Just a dream. Just a stupid dream.
“Something happened, didn’t it?” he accused. “What was it?”
Cas’s face was twisted, jaw strung tight like a rubber band. The yelling would peak soon, he knew, and he waited for the fury to spill over. Cas should hit him, beat the shit out of him like he had so long ago in the alley.
Suddenly, Dean realized; Cas had already seen this. All of it. And he
The words engulfed Dean as if to bury him, and he knew that even after all they’d been through, they hadn’t yet reached the end.
“I love you, too,” he says.
to you.”
Cas yelled, advancing in protest.
In the air, lights floated like stars in the fog, one pulsing right in front of him. Slowly, he reached a tentative finger forward, touching it. The glowing orb brightened, words flowing into Cas’s head:
He swam in thick black fog with little to orient himself; Cas wasn’t in the warehouse anymore, instead he was shrouded in nothingness. After a moment, the darkness started to clear. Out of it, a flash of red light grew in front of his eyes. Slowly, he saw other colors floating and coalescing like a melting watercolor painting.
Even her tone took on the quality as she found the words that could cut Dean the deepest and animated them with sound: “He has to find his own way home.”
-The world is coming apart at the seams, but I’m slowly finding understanding coming together for me. There is something different in Dean than the way I feel towards Sam. It leaves me feeling unsettled and raw. I want to look at Dean. To be near him. Instead, I’m reminded about “personal space.” I wish I knew why I can’t touch him. I wish I knew why I want to.
make choices. That’s what you said to me. We figure it out. . . together.”
, a voice warned.
Cas nodded.
Art by the incredibly talented lilac-void
(See the end of the chapter for
He paused.
Cas was perfectly still, thinking. The air pressed against him, possessive and cold. His trench coat flapped absently; his face starting to crystallize with brisk humidity. Even his eyelashes crusted with frost. He felt the temperature change through every inhale; a burning sensation in his nose. The circular process felt rhythmic. Breathe in-cold to heat. Breathe out-smoky puffs of hot air, chilling again.
Dean paused, hesitating. Then, he finally said it: “I think it's Enochian.”
“Dean?” he coaxed.
a voice said in his mind. Cas felt himself hold his breath as if he’d never heard it, instead losing himself in the urgency of unspoken words
The door flew open.
“You had no right,” Cas said through tight lips. “You have no idea what it was like to be erased, again and again. How could you think that’s a solution?”
-Green eyes
His hand slid up Dean's arm. He slotted his fingers in the grooves, the pull that was always beckoning, finally sated--Dean's touch within reach.
It’s brief. It’s shaky. It’s enough.
Cas suddenly felt himself at a tipping point. The consuming rain felt like an ocean, his choice the crest of a wave to either be broken or swept away. Dean’s shadow stretched through the window’s glass. He could leave--let the mirage of Dean fall far behind him until he was a tiny, disappearing dot on the horizon.
-I broke my leg today. Dean said it’ll probably heal up in a day or two. But I know. I’m human now.
Leaning over the counter, the bartender caught Dean’s eye.
Cas walks over, his tiny limp that he still carries from his broken leg noticeable, if only to Dean. He lightly holds out a hand and Dean drops the papers in them with a guilty look.
Dean whispered in the air.
“That’s not very demonstrative Cas, you wanna elaborate?”
Cas blinked, shutting out the image of the raging river, only to be transported on unseen wings to the top of the canyon again. From his aerial view, he could see clearly: blood in the water, channeling louder and louder like static through the canyon, Cas’s fingers wet and sticky as he hemorrhaged.
“What?” Dean asked, confused.
It took a moment before Sam caught on. He groaned. “No way, Dean.”
Her knees buckled minisculely, as if at any moment she were tempting gravity to take her, but her eyes spoke of more. She stared at the bloody wound with regret, hair mussed and knotting by her neck.
"I'm not sure I know how to love you" Cas says. He's got Dean's head tucked against his chest, and his fingers are running softly down his back.
“Why go to all this trouble?” he asked, after a moment. “Why am I worth it to you?”
Cas’s face, a blur in Naomi’s chair.
Rebecca raised her arm toward the sky, arching it above her aimed at Naomi.
He sighed, checking his phone. Still no response.
Cas blinked with wide eyes, biting his bottom lip, his breaths speeding up. He had to visibly calm himself, even if barely, just to keep talking.
-I flew back to the park bench again. Sometimes I like to look at the trees or the children playing. It reminds me Dean used to be a child once. Did he ever get to play at a park?
“Good soldiers need to obey without question,” Cas finally said in explanation.
"Forgiving yourself," Cas said, "is a choice."
Despite it being one of the coldest nights of the year, Dean donned his boots and coat, ditched his room and decided he needed to go for a three A.M. drive. There was no way he was going back to sleep, anyway. He could tell from their last conversation that whatever was happening to him, had either freaked Cas the hell out, or he knew something Dean didn’t, and the thought sunk heavily in his chest.
It must have felt this way for Cas, too. Charred wings and burning guilt.
Anna stood over Castiel, a few steps above him on the concrete staircase, beckoning.
He looked again toward the rack. It was time to face himself.
Pointing at him, Crowley squinted.
Cas blinked, looking for all of him, as if he were searching for his identity inside the confines of Naomi’s skull, and for all Dean knew, he was. Rebecca looked on, her own blade still drawn.
"It doesn't reverse this.”
“Cas. . .?” Dean started, carefully. He reached out and Cas tensed, hands running from Dean’s touch only to coil themselves around the back of his own neck like a noose.
“I'll tell you everything,” Cas begged, so softly it crushed almost all of Dean’s resolve. "I promise."
In the moments Cas was actually aware of Crowley, he looked bored save the ghost of a smile when he’d managed to make Cas really tremble or yell.
Slowly, Cas walked to Dean's side.
“Cas came to see me,” he continued. “He kept trying to give me some kind of message. It was all botched up, though. I couldn't really understand it, and now I realize why.” He said the last part pointing to the notebook as explanation.
Dean immediately knew the answer as he looked at Cas's face. Shit.
He paused.
Crowley made more innuendos as he worked, but Cas flitted in and out of awareness.  Time stretched in front of him measured by blood. Crowley’s monotone voice hummed in the background and the heavy weight of metal cuffs dug into Cas’s wrists as he tried to break free.
In the background, the familiar calm thrum that radiated through the bunker was now a shrill whistle, pitching itself higher, making Dean wince. His veins pumped cool, then icy.
She raised her chin as if begging for retribution:
Cas gave a soft, reassuring smile, even if the flames' shadows flickered across his face.
"This is unforgivable," Dean whispered, chills running through him.
Just then Sam walked through the door sporting wrinkled pajamas, one eye barely open while the other twitched as he yawned.
"I'm pretty sure I have no idea how to love you," he says again. "Because it's something that keeps happening to me, not even something I can actively choose."
Lowering his voice for emphasis, Crowley said, “Because you need to know, and I'm the only one who’s willing to help you with this.”
Castiel’s hand, reaching. In one fluid motion, he wrapped his arm around Dean's chest, pulling him tightly to him. His palm gripped Dean's shoulder under the sleeve.
Sam didn't respond for a minute, his mouth opening and closing a few times as if he were testing his reply to figure out what to say.
The quiet rustle of wings sounded through the room, the image of Cas ghosting away with a blink.
Cas's head, spinning in the fog. Voices on fire, burning brighter as they spoke, guiding him:
“Do you dream of me often?” he asked, steady eyes earnest and unashamed. Cas's hair jutted out like a wet, messy sprinkler, his tie slightly askew. Dean could feel Cas’s heat permeating from him like steam.
Dean cleared his throat and twisted open his beer. The tight notches of the cap dug into his fingers as he did, bringing him back. Taking a longer than necessary swig, condensation ran down his chin. He wiped it away with a knuckle.
Soft. Familiar.
“I couldn’t look at them anymore,” says Cas, gripping the paper tightly as it starts to crumple from the pressure.
did this to me.”
Cas felt newfound compassion spread through him. Dean had been lost--
“I’m fine,” Cas said again, more firmly.
“I didn’t think you’d show up,” Dean said. “Well, I wasn’t sure you would after Purgatory. . . ”
Bright lights surged through the room, flashing, then disappearing. The deafening crash of thunder blared in Dean’s ear. Then, as suddenly as it appeared, the heavy weight of Cas’s hands was gone.
He hammered bunched fingers into the dip in his chest as if to nail his own autonomy straight to the core of his heart.
“Did you get my texts?”
On the table Cas glanced at the silver basketball-sized circular ring with sharp metal spears impaling the sides. Next to it sat a metal tray filled with various instruments still sporting his blood from the last encounter.
His words ricocheted off the ceiling and echoed through the small space. The angles and cut of the room seemed slightly skewed, even if he couldn’t place how. Dean blinked. The floor swirled as if adrift on water and any misstep would send him floating.
“Alright, fine,” said the King, pressing the ignore button. He made his way back to Cas. “Now where were we?”
Dean, falling at his side, and gathering his head--dead weight in his lap. He pushed his hands into Cas’s blood.
“What—no. Why the hell are you pulling a creepy sandman act on me, anyway?” Dean deflected, shuffling from one foot to the next.
Cas bridged the space between them, trailing glassy outlines of his shoes behind.
"Okay."
(See the end of the chapter for
Of love.
Dean could barely breathe. Cas was doing this to him. Again. He raised his hands in the air, anger growing, except once he’d captured Cas’s heavy stare he was hit with earnest, wordless pleading.
still here.
“I probably shouldn’t be saying this since you’re ringing up quite the tab, but whatever you’re going through, you’re not gonna fill the hole with that shit.”
Cas smiles, kissing Dean's forehead, even if the angle is awkward and he has to press his chin against his chest to reach him.
And Cas was on the ground.
Crowley shrugged, and nodded. “What can I say? I enjoy watching Angels writhe for me. I’m a simple man.”
Screams in the distance.
“We would have worked it out,” Cas whispered. “The good memories, the bad, they both belonged to us. We could have handled complicated. Together.”
The light and the voice faded simultaneously, returning to its place like a string of christmas decorations.
When Cas finally spoke, it wasn’t fury, it was soft, choked out words, small and broken:
(See the end of the chapter for
Charred flesh--a not-so-distant memory.
Dean glanced up at her, rage fueling him as adrenaline pumped him with fear, lighting up his nerve endings with every breath.
Cas’s chin fell, his eyes shut so tight as if to block out every bit of light inside the room behind tense folds.
Dean’s shoulders relaxed and he sighed in relief, even while his teeth slightly clenched together.
“Did you. . . God, I can’t believe I’m saying this. Okay, here goes. Did you. . .  dreamcrash me last night?”
He wanted Dean.
Cas, unable to respond, once again, and Dean felt his whole world narrow until the only important thing, the only piece of him that he even recognized was covered in blood.
His head thrummed with the sound of Cas’s voice.
Cas glared at the falling snow, feeling guilty. His hand twitched as he thought about the night before, the images flashing through his mind, each picture painted blood red. Cas grabbed his head, groaning, and falling to one knee as a fresh wave of hot, searing pain ripped through his brain.
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's the grace." Cas thumbed his jaw lightly. "I think it wants to help us heal."
Cas put a hand on the ground and pushed himself up until he was standing.
Dean ran his hands through his hair, looking at the floor sheepishly, then sneaked a glance up, his chin still by his chest.
“You were saying something to me, but I couldn't really understand,” echoed Dean's voice in his head. The second he had heard that, he’d known something was off.
Lightly, Cas tugged Dean close until their cheeks were almost touching. He tipped his chin up and to the left, waves of hot breath landing on the rim of Dean’s ear.
“No,” he said quietly.
Dean swallowed back the emotions clawing at the inside of his chest.
He tapped his toe, waiting. Long seconds passed, then minutes. Cas might just be busy, he rationalized, but he was never any good at listening to his own advice.
“No!”
Green eyes. Home.
Halfway through his beer, Dean pulled out his phone, shooting a quick text to Cas: “Call me when you get this.”
Frustrated, Cas opened his eyes. He felt irritation growing within himself as Dean’s story replayed in his mind. He wasn't going to get anywhere like this.
Cas’s face was so close, but gathered insurmountable barriers between them. His eyes darted to his unconscious body lying on the floor, Dean’s letter peeking out from the edge of his trench coat.
He glanced into the churning river as hands and arms breached the surface, screams cut short as the force dragged them back under on repeat. Cas’s bare feet dangled from the face of the drop, red dripping from his toes and deep below--a watery grave ready to sweep him away.
“But I’m here,” Cas found himself saying.
Sam slumped over a laptop in the library. They hadn’t had a case in weeks, but still Sam shuffled through the bunker’s inventory nightly, methodically scrawling messy notes.
He scratched the sentence out and rubbed his eyes, taking a deep breath and tried again.
Dean crumbled. He froze, heart hammering inside his chest.
The sky shook with tiny tremors as if it were crying out.
The fire bent and twisted in a blinding brilliance of color. They stood deep inside its belly as it waved through them innocuously, flagging light like a hologram.
“The after effects can be a bitch, can’t they?” came a deep, accented voice. Cas saw a hazy shadow saunter towards him slowly. Each heavy step the man took smashed footprints in the once-pure snow with a crunch. He was dressed in black; hands hidden in the pockets of his overcoat.
Sam attempted to stay neutral, but from the way Dean's expression darkened, he concluded he’d already failed.
* * *
Very carefully, Dean pulls the papers from Cas, dropping them to the ground. He moves his hand to Cas’s jaw, touching it with one finger, then his full hand as Cas closes his eyes, relaxing into it.
Dean swallows. He flips onto his back, giving Cas further purchase, but Cas stopped. Dean’s closed eyes sting and he can’t bring himself to face the emptiness.
"I'm still here," Cas said.
Dean shuddered as Cas leaned in and put a hand on each of his shoulders. Cas’s damp fingertips dug into him as if trying to keep him grounded. Water soaked and spread through the thin layer of his shirt.
The air churned in measured pulses as he walked, thumping from somewhere deep and far away. Pebbles jammed themselves between his naked toes, the white clouds crawling away from him as he broke them apart.
Dean looked on, helpless to penetrate the invisible shield between them before Naomi’s eyes suddenly locked on his, almost apologetically.
A dark flicker in the corner of the room. Light footsteps, hair waving as it brushed against suited shoulders.
It takes eight minutes for the Sun’s rays to reach the Earth, Cas thought, not for the first time. The day the sun stopped it would take eight minutes for the world to know it was dying.
Dean’s hand found its way to Cas’s chest, flipping his backwards tie into place.
It’s still. Quiet.
The scar on Dean's shoulder began to glow.
Dean screamed.
The fog continued to lick at his skin, making him shiver:
“Wouldn’t be the first time you dreamcrashed,” Dean admitted cautiously.
Still, he couldn’t shake the way the dream had felt so. . . other. Not real, but not like any dream he’d ever had before, either. The feel of Cas’s words stayed with him, ripping at his nerves. What had he been trying to say?
Cas’s eyes were shut, his chest moving, but barely, as Dean unbuttoned his shirt, mincing the corner of his trenchcoat into the wound. He bit his lip with enough force to pierce the tender flesh.
Naomi stared, eyes sharp and focused on Cas.
Feet heavy, he separated himself from Cas. With all the bravery he could muster, he looked himself in the eyes--a stranger, and all at once, not. This man knew his darkness. His light.
Dean smiled wryly. “I can try.”
Cas jolted, sucking in a stuttered breath
Dean watched in horror, the man's screams tarring up his ears, drowning out Cas's reassuring voice and touch.
Crowley nodded and tried again. Cas squeezed his eyes tightly, seeing white, then red as the sting turned into a deep, agonizing throb. They repeated this process multiple times, Crowley calmly examining each intrusion with a “Now?”, “Now?”, “How about now?’
Dean felt like he was swimming. Drowning for forever.
“I dunno man, you showed up completely soaked in water, okay? It was weird. You were saying something to me, but I couldn't really understand. Thought it was you playing dream stalker again, but when I woke up? Gone. Couldn’t remember a word.” He shrugged. “Let’s just drop it. Probably too many hunts waiting for your sorry ass to show up. My subconscious held a dream grudge.”
Cas felt his tears fall unbidden--salted wounds. His lungs gaped with scratchy breaths. He felt as if the sensations were an attempt to rip him apart from the inside. Dean’s voice above and inside him, the angels below. He stared deep into the water, understanding beginning to find him:
"You're a sap."
It’s a terrible thing to yearn for something you never had. To miss something without any idea what it is.
He picked up Cas’s hand, gingerly, wishing his warmth didn’t feel so far away. With a final breath, Dean pulled the heavy hand to his shoulder. It took effort to line up Cas’s limp fingers with the grooves, barely registering the stares of wide-eyed angels--he could feel Cas slipping and he was going to reach for him any way he knew how.
Dean let out the breath he'd been holding. He could barely see Cas's face through the firelight.
“Cas, what?” he asked, demanding.
At first, there was nothing. All he could recall was the close proximity, Cas’s hands on his shoulders, and a buzz in the air between them. The skin on Dean's ear began to tingle slightly as though the words were being breathed into him once again. It was strange hearing Cas's deep voice speaking in such soft, fluid tones. Dean concentrated harder, his eyes squeezed tightly shut as he willed his brain to retrieve Cas's message. His mind resisted the memory as if he were trying to conjure one of his drunken blackouts on the road. Eventually, though, he felt his brain start to surrender.
Cas grimaced, rubbing his forehead with both sets of fingers, trying to summon more. Was Rebecca there with him?
Cas knew he was starting to lose himself, and it surprised him when at one point, even Crowley began to hesitate.
"I love you more every day, too, you know."
It was the thing that stitched humans together in ways the angels could never fathom. Her mother’s soft kiss on her forehead. Holding her hand as she fell asleep each night.
“Hello, Dean,” he said, feeling the warmth of the greeting deep inside him.
Dean smiles.
Cas's words shriveled up in light. His grace coursed through him, the way it always had, rivers of infinite power in his veins like humans pumped blood.
Art by the incredibly talented lilac-void
“Do something!” Dean yelled at Rebecca’s frozen statue.
He'd taken the giant essence of himself, able to rip Dean to shreds and minimized it to safely pluck him from the fires with human hands.
For all the explosions and noise, the silence held more potency.
Squeezing his hands tight against the internal ache, Dean turned to the only thing he had left. He shook, refusing to acknowledge the way the room watched him, dissolving him in the belly of the angels’ gaze.
Thomas and Sarah stared at the house, eyes wide, mouths falling open in trepidation.
, Cas thought, not for the first time.
Dean leans in, kissing Cas lightly on the lips, tasting the salt of his humanity on his tongue.
“Of all people, Dean. Of everyone,
Searing pain charged through the left side of his chest.
Dean swallowed. His eyes scanned across the miles of expanse: hooks, blood raining from above. There were holes in the ground here, too, wells of endless depths and forever falling if you didn't watch your feet.
Sam came closer to get a clearer look, then picked up the notebook, eyes skimming over Dean's scribbles. He held the writing up to the light.
The shine in Dean's eyes built like lamplight. Suddenly, Cas understood.
Castiel wore an artificial streetlight halo above his stony features. He looked at her as if it were before, back when she’d commanded him.
“I love you,” he says without hesitation.
Dean’s voice--choked.
As always, a huge thank you to my betas who are amazing: sinnabonka, wanderingcas, and skydorkers
The silence chipped away at the thinning ground beneath them. Dean could feel Cas slipping before he even heard the words:
Cas’s fingers tightened, digging into the ghostly flesh of his own neck. On instinct, Dean reached forward, catching Cas’s eyes instead. They raged with discord, and Dean felt his limbs go cold and heavy. Cas dropped his hands by his sides as he paced, pumping them: fists, then open, fists, then open.
What was probably hours felt like days. His body shook with chills, fingers fisted around the armrests, clawing at the underside.
Is this what it was like for an angel to fall?
His voice, like still waters, the familiar warm tug of yearning specific to Dean, gripping him tight. Raising him.
"How?"
Cas nods, smiling fondly as his thumb rubs across a passage he’s found.
Sam had his laptop out, searching for cases and barely noticed Dean leave. Dean felt fidgety as he made his way to his room, closing the door and locking it behind him. He sat down on the edge of the bed, rapping his phone against his thigh. Checking it again, he tossed it on the pillow.
He didn’t want to die.
Dean glances at it:
“Yes, this is a dream, Dean,” came Cas's deep voice. He stood frozen as if waiting for clarity to take hold. As he got closer, Dean suddenly realized Cas was soaking wet. Water dripped from the messy locks of Cas’s hair, stray strands glued to his forehead. Even his coat was drenched through,  the runoff pooling in small reflective circles on the floor.
He paused, breaking away again.
It wasn’t even that angels couldn’t feel the hole inside them. It was always there, gaping, for those brave enough to look.
Cas was cold.
2009:
The angels watched her, too. She glanced away, anger crawling deep inside her. She stared down at her upturned palms, fingers bereft, but seeing yellow all the same.
“Three,” came Crowley's voice, “Two. . .”
Dean blinked, staring at the still images of their memory-selves.
He’d let him; Dean would fall to his knees a bloody pulp and beg for the next blow if that’s what it took. He waited as Cas’s pain gripped him with emotional force, bracing, readying himself for the next words:
Exhaustion radiated from Cas’s eyes. Dean felt the panic strangle him from all sides.
See you in the comments and on
Dean’s skin blazed with heat, and he scratched absently at his handprint scar, making his fingers tingle.
“They should be back by now,” she said, glancing at Sam. “Something’s not right.”
“We have to clean up our mess, Dean.”
“So that’s it?” He asked, voice small. “Just like that, and there’s nothing left to say?”
“Not very hygienic,” Cas said stiffly.
He flipped over the remaining pictures one at a time--a final farewell. In the end, he was left with nothing but the white-canvassed backs creating a blank wall of white.
He hesitated, but the light called him, still. He caught it with tight fingers, clenching it in a fist.
“What are you trying to tell me?” Dean asked aloud after he felt more like himself. He was careful to avoid Cas's name, just in case it turned into a prayer. Dean pulled over and turned the car off as he closed his eyes, struggling to pull the memory of Cas's words from his mind.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas sprung, taking a step forward and he brandished the blade against her throat, eyes hollow. Naomi stared at the silver glint.
He looked down.
He took another deep sip then landed the bottle loudly against the table, the glass feeling dewy and heavy beneath his fingers.
He attempted to diffuse his own thoughts into something organized and familiar, but he couldn’t quite capture it. Looking around he tried to remember how he’d gotten there. Broken images flashed across his mind.
A flash of light. A memory:
Dean blinked, finding, for the first time he could face himself without emotional turmoil. The way he wondered if others looked at their own image without attributing their self-hating trauma.
I cannot believe we are at the end of this fic next chapter. TSYM all of you for your support and love.
Until it ripped open.
Cas gasped, gritting his teeth.
“I’m not a series of pieces you get to compartmentalize away. Just because my feelings and emotions were for you, doesn’t mean they
Dean’s pointer finger tapped the outside of his phone in an annoyed rhythm. Cas was always terrible about checking in, but lately it had gotten worse. Last time it’d taken three days of ignored calls before Cas had popped in suddenly, unannounced with a quick “I was busy.” As if it explained anything. It was frustrating as hell.
The door was noisy, so he wasn’t surprised to see Dean’s dripping form when he walked in the room.
The only sounds for the next fifteen minutes are breathing and Cas has almost drifted back to sleep when there's a quiet whisper in the dark room:
The way Cas was, now.
” he mouthed, not allowing himself to pray out loud. He breathed, his mind coming back to the same questions:
“Cas, you there?” he spoke, his voice smaller than he’d like to admit. “Kinda need to talk to you. Pop your feathery ass down here for a second, will you?”
Finding each other's hands again, they walked through Hell, Dean bracing himself, borrowing Cas's resolve.
He’d turned his head during the flash, kissing Cas deeply as the tourists on the bridge clapped and whistled. For the first time, he didn’t feel the burning shame of humiliation. Cas was here. Cas loved him, and it opened up a freedom inside him he’d never felt before.
Dean felt his insides begin to churn. His hands shook, tightening to fists at his sides. His eyes bored into Naomi’s.
Cas shuddered as he registered piercing cries and the forceful sound of rushing water, far away and unseen, but approaching.
When he finally feels small kisses through the fabric on his back, he wonders at the need for words at all. Because it isn’t desire, it’s worship.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean,” Cas says, and it’s worry. It’s pain. It’s recognition that Dean exists, even if he doesn’t want to be real.
Dean felt infinitely small.
For your edification, I barely talked myself out of naming this chapter "Wet Dreams." You're welcome. Or, sorry. Depending.
“I can’t,” she said, softly.
“You do realize telling me not to worry pretty much guarantees I’m gonna worry? I started this conversation with two options: either you dreamjacked me, or the bottle of Jack I drank jacked my dream. Now I’m getting the feeling there’s some third, somehow more confusing option, so please, share with the class.”
-I told him once when he was sleeping. I know it’s not the same, but I needed him to know.
"I thought once I could love you as an angel. Then a hunter, then human," he whispers to the quiet room. "When we kissed I thought I understood what you meant to me then."
Then, the sounds came, hollow and wretched, burning his ears as acutely as the heat.
He searched for Cas's grounding presence as his hands began to shake.
Dean breathes hot air against Cas's chest, and yeah, he loves that, too. He cards his hands along Dean's neck and Dean stirs, definitely awake.
Cas gripped him firmly, a small consolation, but he couldn't help the way his skin trembled and paled.
Dean tasted the gritty air in his mouth as they emerged and felt the crunch of ash and silt beneath his feet. His spine tingled and he greeted the inner darkness that clung to him, as if he'd never left.
-His smile. Always his smile. Even if it’s just in memories.
Crowley rolled his eyes. “Millions of years old, and you'd think the angelic clan would have learned a little patience.”
Cas's face was calm. Warm, in a safe, life-giving way.
Crowley looped Cas’s head with the metal band and reached one hand up to a screw. Cas heard the slow screech as Crowely turned it closer towards his forehead. He held his breath in anticipation.
Biting into the bagel was a mistake. He grimaced at the stale taste, plunking it down, crumbs tumbling to the floor. Leaning back in his chair, he rubbed the bridge of his nose.
“Hey,” he started, but Dean cut him off.
Angels.
“Roles, ideas, outcomes other people
Then, with one last look:
When the air finally calmed, Cas was enveloped with the absolute silence of untouched snow.
Sam paused, scratching at his neck.
Cas looked up, deflated. Anger, but not really. Hurt, so deep and palpable Dean could feel it escaping from the cracks:
But he's still smiling because even Dean's scowl makes him love him more.
"There are things I love about you, and forms I've loved you in, but you know what I'm never sure of? How big my love keeps getting for you. It's growing even now, while I watch you sleep, and tomorrow bigger still."
Cas’s eyes open with a flutter.
Dean bit his bottom lip, raising his eyebrows in uncomfortable confirmation.
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean whispered firmly as he pushed harder, tamping out the angelic wound.
He felt lost, starting to wonder if he was a reliable narrator. Like he’d created complicated language for himself when maybe what he needed was simplicity.
Dean nodded vaguely, trying to hide the fact that the offer made him uncomfortable. It was just dawning on him in a very present way that he needed to talk to Cas first.
Dean started pacing the room, checking the clock, sitting then standing again. Still nothing. His hesitation turned to frustration.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice cracked, begging.
Dean thumbed a nearby picture--Cas asleep on Dean’s chest. He furrowed his eyebrows. He stared too long.
Dean's wedding ring-clad hand fists into Cas's shirt, and he sighs.
Cas gently led him from the blaze, their hands firmly intertwined as if Dean were Abednego from The Bible himself, fireproof and unscathed.
Cas nodded vaguely, but looked extremely distracted. There was something else on his mind, Dean could tell. Dean set aside his own embarrassment as he tried to understand Cas’s knit brows.
Dean held his breath.
"I think I'm starting to understand," he said softly. Memory Dean poured acid on the man's chest, the sizzle rancid and vile as he writhed. "Our guilt isn't penance."
If Cas was going to keep ignoring him, he’d have to try plan B. Prayer. His neck grew hot as he considered it.
Cas turned, prepared to fly away, but before he did, he glanced back over his shoulder.
“Oh,” Sam said quietly in realization.
-Dean’s been gone for two days on a supply run. He might be dead or a croatoan now. I’m useless to help with my broken leg. I tried Vicodin for the first time. It almost made me forget how much I worry about him when he’s gone.
Sam ignored him, pointing instead at Dean’s beer: “A bit early, isn't it?”
He could have hesitated. He could have deliberated. But he didn't. Instead, he took a deep breath, leaned forward--
He flipped over the remaining pictures one at a time--a final farewell. In the end, he was left with nothing but the white-canvassed backs creating a blank wall of white.
True, human's dreamed of strange and curious things, most of them meaningless. It wasn't the dream itself that caused Cas anxiety, though. It was the timing.
Cas smiles. "I know."
See you in the comments and on
“Cas,” he choked, words barely there. “I hope you can hear me. That wherever you are, it’s not too late.”
He'd kept a part of himself here for so long, cut in pieces, tied to the rack in atonement. But maybe, all that did was add more blood to this place.
Cas felt like he was waiting, too, for the light to go out.
Alone.
The sun shone warm on Cas’s face. He was there when it was born, his trueform glimpsing the mighty fusion of gaseous light.
Finally, Dean placed the pen down on the table, looking at the completed work with a stunned expression.
He reached up to Dean's forehead, brushing a matted hair to the side as he blinked, fast.
He listened anyway, allowing each word to sink into his psyche, trying to retain every bit of disjointed data. The pictures flowed into his mind, crashing through the mental barriers that had been walled up around his memories and spilled them back into place. He gasped as the last images clicked in; the rippled waters of his mind slowly stilling like reflective glass. He opened his eyes quickly, starting the car, and he booked it back to the bunker.
Cas could feel the blood trickle down his temple almost before he felt the insertion. He groaned as his head seared with pain.
Naomi stirred a few feet away. Dean looked to the ground, suddenly painfully aware of the way time was slipping away from him again, taking Cas with it.
Dean’s voice, soft and broken:
Dean rolled his pen across the flat of his desk with a palm, staring at the two small sentences on the page.
You cannot have order without sacrifice.
“Dean?” he called to the distance.
Something deep inside him told him these actions weren’t choices, even if he pretended they were. The truth was, Dean was the force of nature, the all consuming collapse of autonomy. The tremendous weight of his magnetic pull had dashed any hope of staying afloat long ago.
“Of course,” he said, bitterly. “Why the hell would I think it’d be any other way. Everything and everyone is just a fucking ghost, leaving us to clean up the mess.” He pressed his fingers to his eyes.
Cocking his head, the familiar pressure of suspicion began to stretch at the inside of Dean’s ribcage.
Dean looked at his hands remembering the tangible feeling of the dream. Of his room. Of Cas. He started to question himself. What if Cas really were reaching out? What if he needed help? The dream could’ve been a warning. It wouldn’t have been the first time.
See you in the comments and on
Sam felt the urge to reach out and comfort Dean, but wasn’t really sure how. That kind of nonverbal communication wasn’t really in their wheelhouse.
Cas watched the phantom angels below him as the sky began to rain, thick red drops falling on his cheeks. Even the sky cried in blood.
Screams below.
“Thanks, Einstein, but if he isn’t answering me, he’s certainly not going to answer you,” he said instead. Sam tucked his hair behind his ears with a huff.
Above him, Rebecca, eyes blown wide as her hands fell limply to her sides, angel blade clattering to the floor with abandon.
Dean felt deep inside him, searching for their twin stream, struck hard with the sudden realization of Cas--fading far away. He slowly let go, Cas’s hand falling limply back to his chest. Nothing. If he waited, Cas would fall from him forever, fast disappearing.
Miles above, Dean smelled the stench of Hell.
"No,” he said, his breath turning sharp. "Not here."
Cas stood, looking past him as if he were still a ghost, walking to Naomi’s still-sleeping body.
He felt Cas’s hands slide away from him first, exposing him to the cool of the room, then found his eyes. They glanced only briefly at each other before looking away, Dean extracating himself from Cas’s chest.
Sam shook his head and went to grab something actually edible. Dean shifted in his seat, rubbing at the underside of his chin.
It’s a terrible thing to yearn for something you never had. To miss something without any idea what it is.
Ash fell around them like rain. The man choked on his own blood.
Cas huffed, still not making eye contact, and he waited a long time before finally answering.
The images poured into his mind:
Cas sat down hesitantly and uncomfortably in the chair. He pulled the beige tie connected to his trenchcoat into his lap from where it had fallen to the floor. Crowley grabbed the metal ring. He circled it around Cas's head like a rusty halo.
“You let your fears rule you. You were so afraid I’d leave, that it was easier to make me!” Cas yelled. “I didn’t leave you, Dean! You left me.”
Cas drew his angel blade, but his face remained passive as he stood over her. Naomi stirred, sitting up, eyes immediately locked on Cas.
The room felt as if it moved in slow motion, Dean watching, brain screaming at him.
Sitting up, he ghosted his fingertips along his blanket. It was his room. His bed. His hands, he noted, holding them in front of him. But the edges of his mind blurred slightly in his psyche.
He glanced at his arm, noting the scar. His sleeve had fallen over it again, but he could see the imprint shining through the fabric, glowing brighter as they descended.
Angels were never meant to know.
subject to experiment on.”
Blue-white translucent skin revealed vein-like spidery patterns across Castiel’s true form. Underneath, the grace pulsed visibly.
The grace exploded in a final burst before abandoning them to darkness.
Dean’s hands become slack as he realizes that his name found its way to almost every page of the entries. Sometimes it’s Cas venting that he was pissed at Dean. Sometimes they are simply questions about things he didn’t understand.
Dean’s eyes flew open and he shot up in bed. He blinked rapidly, one hand fisting his shirt in front of his heart to calm the ripple of sharp breaths.
“Leave,” he sighed quietly to himself. “Don’t fucking leave.”
Cas’s wet trenchcoat sagged against his shoulders as he finally reached motel room six. He felt himself take a deep breath. Cas felt the frozen moment as if it were present. He could see Dean’s silhouette in the window, his shadow passing across the light of the dim-lit lamp.
He absently brushed aside a wet strand of hair, unable to keep himself from smiling at the sight in front of him. Dean stared, expression unreadable with a duffle bag slung over his shoulder, keys in hand.
He didn’t know the words.
Both scars glowed--then and now, emphasizing the impact of that moment. The past beckoned them, the handprint on the frozen-memory Dean vibrating fast with light.
An angel and the rocks; two great powers hemorrhaging their life force together. And Cas suddenly wondered if he'd reached the pinnacle of his creation; to die for heaven.
There aren’t hands. Instead, Dean feels a heavy weight; Cas’s ear pressed against his heart. He can feel tiny breaths of admiration.
Frustrated, Cas opened his eyes. He felt irritation growing within himself as Dean’s story replayed in his mind. He wasn't going to get anywhere like this.
Dean smiles. He kisses Cas's chest.
Cas held his hand. He didn't deserve it. Hadn't earned it. Here Cas was, though, begging him to let himself have it, anyway.
Dean’s eyes trailed along the rough brick walls. He scanned each dip of mortar before panning to the corner of the room where Cas stood statue-still, watching him.
Dean stirs in his sleep, twirling the sheets around his calf and taking the majority of the blankets off of Cas's side of the bed in the process.
He looks at the door, certain he shouldn’t be here, but uncertain that he can bring himself to leave. It’s an accidental find, really. He’d come into Cas’s cabin expecting him to be stoned, or high. Instead, Cas was gone. Instead, on the floor, ripped and spread out like a deck of cards were the journal pages.
Naomi hesitated. She looked at him as if through glass--unreachable but seeing the truth in his words, then she whispered, “You’re letting me go?
Cas arrived at the warehouse just before dark. The room was huge with vaulted ceilings, lit with only a few fluorescent bulbs. It made the whole place look seedy. In the center, an old operating chair was plunked down, screwed to the cement.
He reached out for that sense of power he'd felt-- the connection fused of light and consciousness.
The vessel of a man, one pair of charcoal wings, faceless, but familiar all the same.
Cas watched Dean’s defenses begin to fall at his words, but instead of calming the way the pressure was building between them, it increased. An urgency he felt to be near Dean, to breath him in, built inside him like a pressure cooker.
“Yes.”
It started with a low vibration, energy surging through the ground. Rebecca tensed.
One of Crowley’s men stood outside. The hinges creaked as he shut the door on them.
Dean rubbed his hand over his mouth.
Cas ignored him, looking pensive. He didn’t move, but Dean could feel Cas slipping away from him, his attention dissolving to faraway thoughts. He knew from experience what was coming next.
Cas's crystal certainty found Dean again, their stares locked, black flakes still falling from the sky--
She’d seen the look before. Eyes faraway.
Cas grabbed his own wrists, searching for bruises as the words and moments floated, begging for appellation and identity.
“It should have worked,” Cas said through bared teeth, the admission feeling gritty in his mouth. “Why didn’t it work?”
He deserved it.
“How could you?”
It was a feeling of endless power. Equipped with grace, he'd always felt the sense of strength that accompanied it, but here, between them, it was so much more.
“Okay. . . ” said Sam slowly, unfolding his arms. “So, we call Cas.”
See you in the comments and on
Expression becoming clearer in the golden light, Cas's face was tranquil.
Dean smiles in his sleep and Cas thumbs the hair by his forehead missing the days when he could join him there with just a touch of his fingers.
“What did you call about?” he asked, finally pinning his heavy stare right on Dean again. It was overwhelming the way that Cas could seem like he was a million miles away, and yet the second he looked at you, he felt too close. It’d felt that way in the dream, too.
“I’m fine,” he grumbled to Crowley who drifted in front of him.
The room felt cold around him, Cas looking like a corpse if not for the tiny gasping of his lungs.
Dean was not aware that rats could narrow their eyes, but Stuart puts this ignorance to rest with great enthusiasm, glittering eyes slitted as they zero in unerringly on Cas.
Dean was mortified.  Cas was so fucking good at this, because Dean was
This was not good.  This was not good at all.  Finally, with those words, Dean began to get a sense of just exactly how much trouble he was in.  The pounding headache—not to mention the clouds of cotton balls fogging his brain—still weren’t letting him really get his wits about him, which made it damn hard to figure out how to defend himself.  Before he could come up with some kind of response that wouldn’t make things worse, Cas was speaking again.
so you could get it on publicly?”
“Sam,” Cas assured him earnestly, “I promise I will keep Curtis away from your bedroom and the kitchen.”
come.  He absolutely cannot be brought to orgasm solely by the combination of his throbbing ass clenching around a plug, his panties stuffed into his mouth, the heavy eyes of his very in-control Dom on his back, and the titillating shame of the above.  First of all, he’d never live it down.  Cas wouldn’t ever mock him for it or anything, but he’d make damn sure Dean spends a hell of a lot more time in the corner moving forward.
“Yeah,” Sam piped up, clearly starting to get into the idea, “think about it.  We get a real break and don’t even have to feel guilty about it.”
“Suffice it to say,” Cas says, “that for someone who was punished quite severely scarcely half a day ago, your attitude has been somewhat less than ideal.  Perhaps not enough to be punished, but certainly more than enough to be
A flurry of movement later found them in transit, his wrist still twisted up behind his back, Cas’s head pressed against his, the angel’s chin over his shoulder as the pressure of his entire body forced Dean to walk.  It seemed to take much less time to return to the room than it had taken Dean to flee from it, although they were walking (rapidly, true, but still walking) rather than running this time.  Before he quite knew it, Cas was pressing him inside the storage room and then, as they passed through the gap in the shelves, shoving him forward and away.  Dean stumbled hard enough that he actually went down to one knee.  He had barely managed to struggle back to both feet before Cas had him again, and the voice in his ear was dangerously soft.
Castiel’s lips twist a little wryly as he pulls his hat off and sets it carefully to one side, hanging the lantern over a spike driven deep into a tree—same spike that held Dean’s manacles above his head not too long ago, come to that.  “Yes and no.  Grunt work?  Always, but Michael won’t be taking first watch tonight.”
Ten points to the first person who correctly gets (without googling!) why Dean named our new friend "Gregor."
I have not winced nor cried aloud.
Dean waits for a good quarter hour before Castiel’s familiar footfalls emerge into the clearing.  He’s prepared for Cas to offer still another series of coy implications about whatever’s gone wrong tonight, ready to laugh at whatever the disaster is, but the look on Castiel’s face stops him short.  The man’s face is drawn, brows knit together in clear distress, and he’s actually wringing his hands.
...he should’ve seen that coming.  Hell.  Scowling at Cas, he mentally reorganized his plans.  Fine, he’d just go lie down on his stomach on the bed and not move at all until dinner, in order to avoid stimulating himself unnecessarily.  That was a damn good plan.
“I think,” he mused, “rather than add to your current count, I will forego any warm-up,” oh, ouch.  The belt hurt badly enough even when he’d been warmed up in advance, and was enough to tear the breath from his lungs when it came without that courtesy, “and employ somewhat more creative means to ensure that the lesson sticks.”
“Bullshit,” Dean scoffed, grinning back at him, “you’re just noticing them more now because you’re not otherwise occupied.”
Dean took a moment to slant his gaze toward Cas, in the futile hope that maybe, just this once, he’d decide to take point.  The angel’s implacable gaze met his, blinking blandly, as if he hadn’t the first idea what Dean’s inquiring (urging?) gaze could possibly be about.  Dean made a note to put itching powder in Cas’s suit pants later, and damn the consequences.  Without half a clue how he was going to manage this, Dean plunged in.
Jesus Christ, what if he’d accidentally started the fire and it had gotten out of control?  It could be too late already.
“No, it’s—“ he had to pause to sneeze a few more times, “—fine, that’s actually better than the coughing.  Sam, dude, you with us?”
The tears don’t stop but the audible sobbing (which lasted all of five seconds, maybe) does halt, because the part of Dean that is always on alert has roared to awareness as the bed vibrates again, more noticeably this time.  Along with this comes a faint sound from outside, drifting in through the space where Sam removed a windowpane to allow a phone charger to snake in.
Effort has borne reward, however, bringing him his first moment alone with Dean, and it’s time to get a few things straight.
how hard it was.  It took incredible restraint, and the angel was exercising his perfectly, no matter how much of a struggle it was.
is indifferent.
The purr at the back of his neck strengthens and a little head lifts out of the indiscriminate pile of fur in front of him, leaning forward to deposit a small, affectionate lick to his forehead.  “Yeah,” Dean says, lips quirking upward, “I love you guys too.  Welcome home.”
Cas, who was of one mind with Dean about avoiding Sam’s interference in any way humanly (or angelically) possible, kept quiet and trod silently behind Dean.  They were a hallway and a half away from the library, coming around to Dean’s room the long way, before he spoke.
Because
He tears himself from the dream just as Lucifer demands to know where the lubricant is, and when he awakens, there are no moments of disorientation.  He knows exactly where and who he is, and he knows exactly what was happening.  He knows it was only a dream.
Dean narrowly dodged stepping on the tiny monument Cas had built to Curtis.  It was dominated by a small star of David crafted out of popsicle sticks (Cas insisted, for no reason Dean could figure, that Curtis had been Jewish) surrounded by tiny blue flowers that Cas had rustled up from God only knew where.  He’d probably stepped outside and made a special trip to the Vatican’s botanical gardens or something.
those?) and the full picture was…compelling, to say the least.  Cas was the very picture of strict, detail-oriented teacher, and Dean found himself with jaw hanging open an inch or so, staring wordlessly and wondering how the same suit as ever hanging off the same body as ever had him already half-hard.
room, Cas?”
If Dean wasn’t so desperate, he might have stood on principle and refused to pee in the pint-sized toilet, unwilling to accept the idea of his brother using, what, a spare toothbrush to scrub out Dean’s leavings in the bathroom sink?  As it is, it’s either the toilet or the floor at this point.  With a grunt of displeasure, he flees toward the small attached bathroom, letting himself in and slamming the door behind him.  It’s not like Cas has never seen him pee, but there’s not even any water in this toilet and—oh.  Huh.
It was a damn close thing.  It could’ve gone either way in that moment.  Dean could feel the hysteria start to bubble up in his gut, and firmly told it to fuck right off with that, because he absolutely could not lose it before finding out just what the shit was going on.
due to broken foot, pain meds, pain level, etc…
Cas came up to his knees and shuffled forward on them to the edge of the bed, somehow managing to look graceful even when moving in a way that should’ve been awkward.
“Play your cards right and you can have more fun with that mouth later today,” Dean tells him, and apparently those are the magic words.  Cas’s hips lose their rhythm, stuttering as he comes with a shout.  Dean deliberately clenches his muscles, milking Cas through his orgasm and enjoying the strangled groan of surprise and pleasure he earns.
but it comes to him in a flash and he takes a hard left, dropping again to a crawl.  The next fork has only two options—straight ahead or hard right—and Dean takes the right.  The passageway isn’t quite tall enough for him to crouch, but it’s bigger than the previous one, and dim light glows through the grate at the far end of it that Dean knows opens into the boiler room.  He picks a spot about halfway down the passage toward the grate, aiming to be able to hear what’s going on in both the boiler room and further into the ventilation system, and have equally ready access to flee in either direction if it seems prudent.  He settles himself in a seated position, rolling his eyes aloft just as Cas’s omnipresent voice intones,
“A small warm-up before we get started,” Cas tells him, and Dean’s stomach drops.  Cas generally avoids warm-ups for punishments, since it hurts more without one.  Since cutting down the pain is clearly not what he’s aiming at, he must be aiming to decrease bruising which means he plans on a long and hard punishment.
A second later, that force was gone, replaced by Cas’s hands clamping around his waist.  Dean made a low keening sound in anticipation of pain, and he was not disappointed.  Cas did not take his time, hips jerking forward to bury himself unerringly to the hilt.  Dean could not have said whether the burn was more acute inside or out, from the stretch of that cock or the firm pressure of those hips on his soundly spanked ass.  Either way, the sensation was all-encompassing, and the only thing that threatened to eclipse the pain was the shuddering pleasure that was its mate.
PLEASE watch for shifting tags.
The angel lifted Dean’s hand slowly, holding it as if he were a Lord and Dean a Lady.  At any other time, it might’ve struck Dean as a little ridiculous, but somehow, right now, it felt entirely natural and perfectly
“No,” he insists, “no, Cas, ‘s…
As Sam went to work cleaning his hands, grumbling all the while about Dean’s sacrilegious assault on his hair, Dean failed entirely to hide his grin.  Cas was watching the two of them with a small, fond smile on his face from his seat at the table.  Dean knew that if anyone understood the depth of Dean’s feelings for his brother, it was the angel, and it probably did Cas’s heart good to see Dean go ahead and be affectionate, despite his upbringing.  Clearing his throat pointedly at the angel (Dean’s underlying message was simple: ‘stop giving us the
The evening has otherwise passed quite peacefully, all four of them rewatching first
He manages to catch the edge of a metal grate with the fingertips of one hand.  He hangs there for a second or two, feet dangling over the abyss below.  He has just enough time to be annoyed that it’s summer (if the heat were actually on at the moment, Dean would’ve felt the airflow coming from the vent long before he, uh, stumbled across it) before his fingertips slide off the smooth metal, and he tumbles into darkness.
His cheek, as if of its own volition, settled back down against the Impala, and it felt amazing to let his neck have a break.  Cas did not object, even lifted the hand off his back to begin lightly massaging the back of his neck, and that was a whole new level of great.
“Yeah, no, I figured that out,” Dean interrupts, not wanting Cas to go through the whole explanation, “I got this.”
Any thoughts of the leading man’s attractiveness were blown away on the wind scant seconds later as Cas started yet
that’s intense.
“You say a word to my kinfolk, Dean,” Michael goes on, a pleased little smile on his face, “and everything I do to you before all is said and done, I’m gonna do to your little brother as soon as I’ve got my hands on him.  You’ll go to your grave knowing every indignity Sam Winchester is like to suffer, and that ain’t all.  You’ll recall that there was a third reason?
put him on his knees.  Wouldn’t have even needed to make him.  He would’ve offered himself up—even in that moment.  Even when he could sense the waves of danger coming off the angel.  Even when he could feel the roiling, barely-controlled fury.  Even when some part of him had known that if Cas broke—if he started, he might not stop.
All he saw was the shock before Cas, who must have been balanced a little unsteadily on his toes in order to get the angle he needed, literally fell off of Dean and landed on his ass on the floor with a grunt.
His eyes squint open painfully, revealing an unfamiliar camp, and when he goes to lift his hands to the back of his head to check the damage, he finds that they’re chained behind him around back of a tree.
While the angel may still have had some doubts about his own self-control, Dean had none.  The fact that Cas was keeping his ass flush against the bed, was somehow managing not to buck his hips upward into Dean the way he so desperately wanted to—well, it was goddamn impressive is what it was.  Dean had been in that position.  He
By the time they figured out what was going on, it was way too late.
The angel’s face broke into a broad grin, all of his subdued, self-contained equanimity melting away entirely to reveal a Cas who was as pleased with himself as he had maybe ever been.  “Isla del Sol,” he agreed happily, “in his bag he will find airtight false credentials which present him as a well-respected archaeologist from Columbia University.  He is also in possession of a pre-paid reservation at the island’s finest resort (in whose lobby he currently finds himself, incidentally) for the next month.  He will have a nice, long, warm vacation in which to explore the ruins to his heart’s content.”  Cas was positively beaming at this point, clearly delighted to finally get to reveal the depths of his planning to someone after keeping it to himself for God only knew how long.  “And,” the angel added after a moment’s thought, “a month to get his head on straight.”
—hell, even the full use of his own brain, which still felt impossibly fuzzy.  Come to think of it, his mouth was really dry, and—
would object!  This do-as-I-say-not-as-I-do crap is bullshit, and it’s not fair!  You damn well owe me two freebies for handing out two punishments for shit you just went right ahead and did yourself!”
No, Dean was not surprised by the jerk of Cas’s cock, deep in his ass, nor the flood of wetness and warmth within.
“—not surprised,
Ten minutes later, Dean was dimly conscious that he was almost certainly leaving handprints of his own on the angel’s hips, clutching hard enough that they would bruise darkly, and he made a note to ask Cas not to heal himself.  Granted, Dean not infrequently left scratches or bite-marks on Cas’s shoulders or back in moments when he was so overcome by passion that he couldn’t control himself, but this was different.  He wanted to see the stamp of his own hands on Cas, a mark of ownership as sure as the bruises the angel so often stained Dean’s skin with.
It was a close thing, but he made it with about twenty seconds to spare, breathing a little hard.  Only now did it occur to him that he should’ve grabbed one of his old backpacks from his closet to complete the picture.  Shrugging slightly to himself, Dean silently mouthed along with his watch’s countdown toward zero hour, hovering his hand over the door.  The second it clicked from 2:44 to 2:45, he rapped sharply on the surface.  There was a brief pause, even though Dean was absolutely certain Cas had been waiting patiently just on the other side of the door.
As the gang’s pariah, Castiel has no confidante he can talk to about the odd moment he witnessed, and even if he tried, it ain’t like anyone would believe him.  Michael is the golden son of the Novak gang, Zachariah’s right hand man and heir to their little empire.
limping noticeably.  His ass felt kind of like churned butter, but Cas assured him there was no actual damage, simply the after-effects of being well-used.  The look in his eye when he said it caused Dean to reiterate threats of mutilation if Cas even considered making it better-used.
Cas releases Dean’s wrist, letting him shake it out for a second, but maintains the powerful hold on the back of his neck, not even risking Dean breaking free and making a run for it.  “Hands,” the angel snaps suddenly, the order actually making Dean jump a little in the quiet of the room, “behind your back.”
If they both didn’t already know perfectly well how much blowing Cas turned Dean on, he might’ve been embarrassed by how quickly he came, at least halving the time it had taken Cas to get there.
worried.
“You overestimate yourself.  Or possibly you underestimate my ability to reduce you to a boneless mess.”
Leaning over the pad yet again, he settled his pen to the next line and began to write.
“But I’ve never—”
There was a moment of silence as they both processed this, and then Cas spoke again, a little slower and with exaggerated calm, as if trying to soothe a wounded and skittish animal.
Sam hopped down nimbly, shaking his head to knock some hair off his face.  Dean nudged Cas with the tip of his foot and the angel turned back to him, starting to work on the knots that bound his wrists while Dean gave Sam a half-smile.
