“Hmmm. It’s all very dreary if you ask me. He joined the Order of the Brothers of the Scorpion or the Scorpion Brothers or something along those lines…” Gabriel began.
Clear green eyes – that would have been large even if they hadn’t been widened in fear - framed by long, thick lashes, set beneath slender, arching brows. His chiseled nose sat between sculpted cheekbones hovering above a square, masculine jaw. He was simply put, the most beautiful man Castiel had ever seen.
*     *     *
It was a flat block of wood set atop four plain wheels, its black paint chipping in places to reveal that it had once been painted orange underneath. The driver was a heavyset woman of indeterminate age. Her face was ruddy and the thick clump of godbraids peeking out beneath a cap on her head was streaked with silver. The horse drawing the carriage was a mixed breed and looked quite old. Seeing his hesitation, Tran nudged him into the carriage, offering his hand so Castiel wouldn’t have to avail himself of the rusted bar screwed into the door. When they had clambered in and settled themselves the seats inside smelled of dust and mold.
"Am I hear to listen to a sermon?" Bobarak asked. "I have read the omens myself."
“I haven’t lived as long as I have by ignoring signs that are clear as day.” She said smoothly when she came to stand in front of him. “Or by taking things at face value….”
"Are you not always the one telling me they are not brute beasts? So. Our house has never been plagued by slave mischief. But now you have forgot. You are so besotted with this wretched creature. You cannot see beyond the coin it will fetch! You say you are guided by the God. And for this you treat me as if I am not your Partner for years! I say you listen to a demon! And it stands there! Its name is Dee-Ann!"
"Is she still here?" Dee-Ann asked looking around the cave-like room.
The pain was gone.
“What are you doing out of bed? I thought you were feeling ill?” Tran said holding the tray.
The scorpion on Maeghara’s cheek rippled. “I think so.”
Dee-Ann sank in only a few inches at first but he gave an amazed, strangled groan of such sheer pleasure it was as if he found the sensation completely overwhelming. His blond head dropped to Castiel's chest, forehead resting against his shoulder as he pushed in deeper with careful, needy little thrusts.
"You sharpen your tongue on me boy." she said sounding more amused than offended. "It is only the foolish who dismiss things they don't understand. And while you may be many things, foolish has never been one of them."
“Speaking of, how fares Lu-Cas?” Castiel asked quickly, not wanting to give Gabriel the chance to launch into a tirade about missing his old slaves.
Memory came flooding in and he all but roared. "What in the name of the Light have you done to me witch?!" he snarled.
“This is for the God.” He told each Godpost. “This is for Dee-Ann in the God’s Eye. For his protection.”
for a second, he thought he could see a momentary slip in the mask Gord-Ahn put on. As if something real had slipped out before he could cover it with more blustering and bullshit.
I'm going back to the Two Chapter per character system. It feels a little choppy going on for one.  Also props for the first person who can tell me who the familiar face is that shows up this chapter.
“What honey?” Dee-Ann asked.
“Four.” Castiel said.
Petrified. Not breathing, he waited for the God to strike him dead for even thinking such a thought. The God did not, so he asked another; inside his head where only it could hear. If the God
Derubeis fumbled in her pocket and pulled out a cloth. “The Godbones will never speak to
The knowledge terrified him. Both because he knew he was to marry. But more because he realized as well that Tran seemed to be similarly inclined. As evident by the warmth in those beautiful slanted eyes every time he looked at him, as by his ever questing fingers while he and Castiel were bathing. It had become a kind of dance between them. Tran attempting to further their acquaintance through seemingly innocent touches and strokes while they were naked in the bath; and Castiel fighting every instinct in his body and especially his cock; not to let him.
"The tutor tells me he learns swiftly Mistress."  the slave said.
*     *      *
He was completely vulnerable.
"Wha-?" he began but Gord-Ahn interrupted.
” Dee-Ann begged and Castiel smiled at him. Why was he so upset?
“I’m getting wine. I’d wager you need some. I know I do.” She said. “Then we’ll talk.”
She summoned him a finger before low sun on the 29th day.  He was in his chamber under the tairs practicing his writing, when the slave Asher came in unannounced.  Such a rude man! Dee-Ann did not like him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“A woman of great power.” She explained. “Chosen by the God to rule over lands, and villages and all the people who live there.”
“We will be wary.” Maeghara said bowing. “The God see you Tulu Godspeaker. The God see you in its eye.”
“You’ll get used to it.” Tran said going for another sip.
Dee-Ann held his breath until his heart beat like a drum in his ear as the Gatekeeper inspected the woman Bara-Bhur’s amulets and keys that would grant them permission to travel on the Queen’s road. After what felt like an eternity, the woman Bara-Bhur whistled at her camel, and the caravan began to move. From where he was sitting on the splintered boards of the cook carriage – covered by a canopy of oiled fabric – Dee-Ann let his eyes take in the sight of the great city Et-Banotaj as inch by inch, step by step; more of it came into view.
to discuss your reasoning.” she said, over articulating the word to drive the point home. Joh was very educated for a Knight. And despite her insistence to retain the accent of her native Haravelle; she could on occasion summon a proper Novaki vocabulary.
The hairless slave put down the items the man Bisla had ordered her to bring, and watched as the other slaves emptied their leather buckets into the hole. They left and returned many times, until the hole was filled almost to the top. They placed four full wooden buckets to one side and withdrew. The man Bisla placed a large cloth beside the hole, and on it placed a brush, a comb and a pale pink jar along with a pile of smaller cloths. He took off its lid. Inside was something soft and slippery, smelling like flowers. Amazed, Dee-Ann stared at the hole full of water. He was ye even more amazed when the man Bisla stripped off his clothes and walked down into it. The water reached up to his waist. Bisla reached out his hand.
And with that, some silent bargain had been struck between them.
“And that’s all it is, is it?” Castiel asked defiantly. “You’re just anxious to get us to Et-Haravelle?”
“Did you bring any money?” Tran asked.
*     *     *
“What did call you?” she asked over her shoulder. “Dean?”
“Beautiful….” He heard Dee-Ann say so softly he was sure it was not aimed at him. With agonizing slowness, Dee-Ann applied the smallest amount of pressure and – still using only his fingertips – eased the skin up and back. Shivers passed through Castiel like ripples, his cock all but singing under Dee-Ann’s light touch; hissing out a breath when Dee-Ann pressed his thumb into Castiel’s slit and spread the moisture he found there and spread it over his tender, exposed head. Dee-Ann stroked him a few heartbeats more, the left off to caress Castiel’s stones.
“I needed to consult a ledger.” Castiel said with a small shrug.
“The Light sees Et Novakar my Lord. It sees us in its Bountiful eye.” he said touching his fingers to the gold disc he wore at his throat, and then to his forehead.
He groaned. Suddenly the early hour of the messenger made sense. If he was to be ready before highsun......
Too hot suddenly, he threw off the thick covers and furs he was under, pulling on the cord that opened his bed curtains and swinging his legs over the edge in one smooth motion. He reached for his slippers where they rested on top of the wooden step ladder, worming his toes into the butter soft leather trimmed in fur before stepping down from his bed and onto the thick carpets strewn over the cold stone floor. He shivered as he moved into the room. After the warmth of his bed the chill of not-quite-morning sliced clean through the spider fine silk of his night dress. Gathering his favorite shawl from the divan set in front of the fire, he draped it around his shoulders with practiced ease; feeling its familiar weight settle over his shoulders and fall about his feet. The poor thing had seen better days. Once upon a time it had been very fine. Thick wool in a luscious shade of blue, its border was shot through with gold thread and trimmed all along its edge with nearly a foot of heavy black fringe. It had originally been gifted to him for his ninth nameday by one of the noble families. It had most likely been intended for lesser public appearances.
"Then we must find another way." Dee-Ann said with a certainty he did not feel. He struggled uselessly against his bindings, trying to rock the chair from side to side. But even that would do no good. The ground was muddy and soft. The chair would not break. All he would achieve is to lay on his side. Dee-Ann muttered curses to himself. Aaaaiiiiiieeeeee!!!! God. What must they do now? He mouthed a silent prayer for the God to lend him its power, willing with his entire mind and body for his Scorpion amulet - which he could feel hanging against his chest - to come alive and free him from his bonds. He prayed for the God to see them - his beautiful precious slave and its chosen Prince - in its hiding eye.
“Are you
Obid did as she was told. Maeghara turned to the two Traders waiting silently for the God’s business to be done.
(See the end of the chapter for
So he went – taking slow steps and scuffing his shoes on the stones of the open area as Maeghara and Derubeis walked from sight – stinging and frowning; but he went. Obid rapped her stick on the ground.
“Obid!” she called, and Obid came running, tired and sweating.
Faster.
Dee-Ann remembered the Village Godspeaker with only five, so old they had turned dull and muddy. The Village Godspeaker was nothing, a dried up husk compared to the Godspeakers of Et-Haravelle. He was angry to think such a shrunken, unbitten old woman had frightened him so much. And surprised that the God would accept her as its Speaker. Although to be fair, the God had not had many women to choose from in the Village.
“The God sees all hearts.” Maeghara explained seeing his confusion. “Godstones are for Godspeakers who are less than the God itself. Now be quiet Dee-Ann. It is a long walk to the Et-Haravelle Godhouse.”
He found him in the kitchens. Mr. Butters was not in evidence, but Dee-Ann was there, wrapping up anything and everything he could find in muslin rags and tucking them into his rucksack. Castiel realized to his dismay that Dee-Ann was fully dressed for the road. His blood turned to ice. Was Dee-Ann planning on leaving? Without him? He felt his breath catch in his throat.
lot who gave me a red braid and deemed me something less than human.”
!”.” Gord-Ahn said affecting the accent of the village and putting on a high pitched voice.
(See the end of the chapter for
He’d grown into his length of bone, and after a particularly disastrous summer when his skin had been ravaged by puberty – and he’d been subjected to daily treatments at the hand of his Mima to try and tame the flames that scorched his cheeks and shoulders – his skin had cleared to a milky alabaster untouched by the sun. He drew a camel hair brush through the length of his hair, which seated as he was fell almost to the floor. It kissed the back of his thighs when he stood and remained his pride and joy.
On the cold stone floor next to the discarded plates and glasses from the night before were a heap of godbraids, shorn off with one of the knives from dinner. And next to them, lay the scarlet slave braid. Castiel gasped walking out onto the balcony, where he could see Tran’s shape silhouetted through the curtains.
“That depends on whose Godspeaker you ask. Bajadek’s Godspeakers no doubt tell her she is in the right” said Derubeis under her breath. Maeghara gave Derubeis a dark look.
"I see in the future what I have seen in the past. You well know the pattern of our affairs, Kufu. These events were set in motion the moment this child-Queen took up her mother’s throne. The rise of every empire….”
The Trader smiled, making her scarlet scorpion dance. “You are deaf? Or would you like to be?” she said, drawing her blade and holding it to the Woman’s chin. “Headless women hear nothing.”
“I do not speak of my Mistress.” Obid said. She sounded surly. Dee-Ann thought she wanted to agree with the old Pennkeeper, but did not dare.
But even so………………………………………………
It involved a complex series of turns where the blade was passed from hand to hand, before ending a great arching leap that would bring the blade down between a woman’s eyes. He had yet to perform it once. He could leap into the air well enough. But there were many technical points he had not mastered and as he tried again for the umpteenth time, his feet came together too late and his weight was in the wrong place. He faltered  mid-spin and ended up dropping his stick blade.
(See the end of the chapter for
*     *     *
Barely four streets from Maeghara's villa, flitting from shadow to shadow in the Quiet Time, his food sack bumping bruises against his leg and his heart beating so loudly he wondered the Godmoon and his wife did not hear it; he saw a Godspeaker. She was striding in the moonlight, grim and vigilant for the God. Dee-Ann stilled himself, like a lizard beneath an eagle circling overhead. His godbraids were silent in his sash. She would not hear the singing silver. But she did hear something. Her stern face was turned to the side. The Scorpion strapped to her forehead was listening. The tall staff she carried - carved like a Godpost - was listening too.
“Why?” he asked.
“I can tell you, that on the way here, I spotted two full caravans laden with silks, and furs. And pretty beads for your hair. Your mum’ll have no use for all those gifts.” Johdilia began, speaking as if she expected Castiel to be very excited about the things she mentioned. “And I even managed to sneak you a few books from Portstown what I thought you might like. But you can’t tell no one you’ve got them, and you really can’t tell no one you got them from me.”
But neither was Maeghara pleased with her fine Godbones. Her scorpion leapt and writhed. In the flickering firelight it looked like it was stinging her. Her forehead sweated and her breathing rasped.
As he looked over the city, he noticed something strange. In the distance, lining the grand concourse that was one of the widest and most important streets in the entire capital; he could see riders in holding banners and footmen bearing torches. They were lining the street as far as Castiel could see. That was new. It must mean they were expecting someone. Someone important. Perhaps a party from a neighboring Province, come to court the Queen?
"The Novakari Queen's Nameday celebrations are about to begin in earnest. She means to announce the bethrothals of three of her sons to the Warlords of Mijak. It is a time of great celebration and opportunities. For all of us. I....."
in fact – as he had suspected but not known for certain – wanted to kiss him as well should not have made any difference. He, Dee-Ann; had been given every opportunity to stop, and he had not. Even when his cock was buried inside Castiel, he knew he
“Hello sprout.” She said warmly, her armor clanking as she stepped forward to greet him. Castiel fought the urge to greet her with his habitual kiss on the cheek, but he let himself be thoroughly hugged. Impulsively she even picked him up off the floor and bobbed him up and down. He was rather a bit shorter than her, but at least in the boot heels the distance was a little decreased.
“Messy as ever I’m afraid.” She said with a smirk that betrayed nothing. “Not like home.” She added, looking out the window almost wistfully. Castiel smiled. It was a curious thing to imagine,
In his seat, Castiel silently lamented how all the men in his life seemed to have a talent for speaking over him as if he wasn’t even there. But if he fostered any secret hope of returning to the topic of the Truthsayer and Godspeaker Kufu; he knew there was no way around it…
“You’re wrong. I know how to be a man. But to be a man on your terms is to be no friend. And certainly no fair master. And I have chosen to be your friend.” He said trying to articulate something he’d never allowed himself to ponder too deeply.
Dee-Ann nodded. If he told Ashar, he would take this gift away and keep it for himself. “I will keep it a secret.”
They paused approximately three feet from one another and greeted each other in the custom of the Blood when they were in public. Holding out their hands – left palm up, right palm down – and approached each other until their corresponding hands were above and below one another’s. They stood like that for the space of a breath, before Castiel felt the jewel at his throat pulse; even as he saw an identical jewel at Gabriel’s throat glow with
“Indeed. Yet he does not despair. His salvation has arrived in the form of a Delegation from a distant land; where all the men wear masks. So the husband’s jealousy becomes his ally. He hatches a plan to seduce his guards and while they sleep, to
Flinging his braid over his shoulder, he felt it slap against his lower back. He bent to arrange a few logs in the fire pit, before replacing the ornate – but unreasonably heavy – cage also wrought with his family’s crest in front of it with a grunt. He took one long step back, gathering his shawl so it was out of his way. Closing his eyes, he turned his focus inward, taking a few slow, measured breaths through his nose and out through his mouth. Raising his right hand to the logs, he gathered his will; feeling his
“Tcha!” said Derubeis, pulling a face. “First Geography, now History? What next? To what end Mega? There is no point!”
“Step forward boy. Let me look at you.” She said after a moment. Castiel found himself obeying the command before he even think. “Hmmmm. Your father has given you his face. But your mother has given you her eyes.”
“He’s sleeping now. I’ve given him as much milk thistle as I dare, stitched up the worst of the cuts.” El-Don explained. And in the firelight, Dee-Ann could see the man’s fatigue. His face looked drawn, and there were a few faint lines around his eyes he didn’t think had been there before. Dee-Ann understood again just how close he had come to losing Castiel. He wanted to hold Castiel’s hand, but didn’t reach for it with the man El-Don standing right there.
He was living, breathing, dancing gold.
. He wanted to scream. He wanted to hammer his fists in the dirt.
detailing birth, marriage and death records for all of the Noble Houses.”
Castiel strained something in between breaths, his hips pressed forward involuntarily; and Dee-Ann feels ropes of warm seed spill into his mouth. He holds Castiel’s cock there, not moving as he feels him still quivering. Feeling Castiel’s body turn to liquid beneath him, he swallows Castiel’s seed.
. If only he could work out what.
“Further than your eye can see Dee-Ann. Many Godmoons traveling. Beyond the horizon.” She said flatly. Dee-Ann shook his head. That place was so far away he couldn’t imagine it. Already he was lost. The barren land stretched on every side, dressed in all its hot colors. Spindle grass withered beneath the uncovered sun. The sky was a heavy palm, pressing him flat towards the slow baked ground. Beneath the padding of camel feet, the clanking of slave chains and the clicking of rock against pebble; silence waited like a sandcat poised to smother and kill. If he wasn’t careful, he’d forget how to breathe. Maeghara’s hand returned to his shoulder.
“It is one Princeling.” Kufu said.
him off of Dee-Ann. Castiel frowned, about to protest, looking up at Dee-Ann. His jaw was protesting fiercely, but he had been thoroughly enjoying the weight of him on his tongue.
Hello my lovelies. Just a quick update to get us where we need to go.
Castiel didn’t say anything. He didn’t even bother to look up from the fire. To see Dee-Ann crestfallen would only hurt him more. “I am sorry….” He heard Dee-Ann say.
“Dee-Ann. You are precious. But if you close your ears to my word again, I will give Obid my nod; and she will beat you. Just like you are one of the slaves she guards. You want this?”
“Rabbits.” Said Maeghara. “You do not know rabbits?”
“I want it.” She said. When she saw he still didn’t understand, she added. “Your village? Do the people keep body water?”
The water flowing deep beneath the land of Novak – Maeghara said – flowed to the surface where the God desired, in streams and rivers. Creatures called
He’d never know.
"Her Most serene and luminous majesty, has seen fit most wisely to open a negotiation of peace and sisterhood with the Morningstar of the West." Kufu said from the side. His voice dripped with honey. And Castiel could all but taste his glee.
“Your hair is so long.” He said on the brink of chuckling as he kept up the motion.
They did not speak again, and Castiel heard the door open and close a second time. He stayed hidden for another one hundred count before daring to move. He needed to get back to this chambers as soon as possible.
He heard something next to him, and opening his eyes; saw a crestfallen Castiel drop the satchel he had carried with him to the stream. The look of naked anguish and hatred he saw on Castiel’s face cut him like a rusted blade.
Patiently, Maeghara rested her warm hand on the back of Dee-Ann’s neck. “Yes. At the Sand River. Beyond that, lie other lands. We do not go to those places. Their ways are different to ours. Savage. They do not serve the God. Those people are dead to us.”
“Come out into the open! Take off that hood and turn out your pockets. And if you even think of pulling a knife on me, I swear on my Blood I will roast you where you stand and leave you for the dogs to feast on!” Castiel barked.
It was curious that – as a Body Servant – Tran could leave the Palace but Castiel – a Prince of the Blood – could not.
with your mouth!
He must have stirred, for Castiel chose that moment to look up at him. His beautiful blue eyes were wide, and every light that wasn’t in the stars shone in them. A slow, lazy sort of a smile beamed at him, and Dee-Ann tightened his arms around him.
Maeghara shook her head. “Dee-Ann is no danger”
. And wipe that constipated look off your face. We both know you are not psychic enough to read
“We are not at war now.” Dee-Ann said softly.
“Do you think it was rape?” Castiel asked horrified as he adjusted his stance. His left leg was falling asleep.
“But what of Haravelle Warlord in all of this?” Derubeis asked. “She and the Novakari Queen are famous friends? The Halls ring with songs of their closeness. Et-Haravelle Warlord sacrificed her
“Teach then.” He said.
But if the women had been strange, they were nothing compared to the sheer absurdity of the men. Castiel could only see two in their party. But they drew more than enough attention. The dresses they wore were dark blue, with light blue bands of decoration and decorative seams. It was difficult to discern the cut of the garment from a distance, until the two men passed right in front of him and Castiel could see that the dress – without the clasps holding them in place along the sides – would’ve been easily three times the length of the man wearing it; before being hitched up to create three tiers to the garment. The effect was striking, but it also obscured any hint of the shape of the body underneath. Such decorative concealment seemed to the be something of a theme. Their sleeves were winged and heavily embroidered in with silver thread and what looked like tiny gold coins sewn along the hems. The men walked had tucked their hands into the opposite sleeve, so Castiel could see nothing of their fingers. But what drew the most attention were their faces. Or rather,
“His lot are meant to stay within the cordon of the caravans. He is trespassing. I done caught him endangering the life of a Prince I have. Caught him red handed!” Tessa said.
He wasn’t sure what he was expecting Dee-Ann’s reaction to be to this. But he certainly didn’t expect him to smile ruefully. Dee-Ann looked deep into the fire, before turning back to Castiel.
"Get up" she said. "Begin your Godpost pilgrimage at newsun. And remember, The God will know if even one post remains Untouched by your penitent tears. It will kill you in its Eye. You will fall down dead in the street where you stand."
Ten highsuns after crossing the border, they reached the sprawling city of Et-Novakar. They had met no other Warrior shells on the road. But they had seen many other traveling caravans all on their way to the Capital for the Queen’s nameday celebrations. They passed workers in the fields. And despite the cold, Dee-Ann could see that the lands of Et-Novakar were lush and fat. Not brown and thin like some of the other lands he had traveled through. They arrived at the city gate two fingers after newsun, when the city of Et-Raklion was staring at first light. Dee-Ann could never in his wildest dreams have imagined such a place. It seemed endless. He could see very little of the city itself. It was completely hidden behind the tallest wall Dee-Ann had ever seen. It wrapped around the entire city as far as he could see in either direction. Made of stone. Not wood like the one built around Et-Banotaj. As they finally passed through the gate, Dee-Ann got his first proper glimpse of the city. It took his breath away.
She gave the crystal to the slave calling himself Bennihime. When that slave’s fingertips brushed the crystal, it came alive in a blaze of white hot light. The slave Bennihime gasped, and stared without words at the Godspeaker.
“Mighty fine oath.” A voice said behind him, making Dee-Ann jump. It was the man El-Don.
“You’ll kill me if you stop…” Castiel said, his voice ragged.
*_*_*_*_*_*_*
…………………………..Why was it not Dee-Ann laying near death?
"And Hanochek?" Castiel asked flatly.
“What’s wrong? What happened?” Dee-Ann asked. “Did I hurt you?”
"I've heard they feast on the flesh of their dead. And drink the blood of their enemies mixed with wine. I've heard it changes them. Makes them impossible to kill." Gabriel said sounding sad, and fearful.
“I am here God.” He whispered. “Your beautiful and precious slave Dee-Ann has arrived. I am yours. Do with me what you will.”
“Sleep.” Said the slave Naga, holding the door wide so light from the passageway beyond spilled inside. “I will fetch you one finger after newsun. There is a pishpot under the bed if you need it.”
I’m going to halt here, cause this chapter is getting long. This is going to be the last Dean Chapter before the time jump! I know Dee-Ann is coming across like a bit of a narcissist. I promise this isn’t what he’s gonna be like the entire fic. Believe me. There a lot of changes coming. And of course, Dee-Ann and Castiel will meet!!!
"Come child." she said motioning hin forward with one black stained hand. He obliged. She rose from her seat, bringing with her a pair of sheers. She walked to the hook on the wall, handing him the sheers when he came close enough. He grimaced. They were warm. And caked with blood from her hands. She rifled among the threads, before picking out the only black one dangling there. It bore an amulet carved in the shape of a star.
“And have you seen it again?” Tran asked. Castiel shivered.
“Maeghara?” Dee-Ann said, wanting to know; but she pressed her palm to his shoulder. Next she looped a thong of leather around his neck. On it hung an amulet. A beautiful snake’s eyes of the purest blue. He snatched it up with a gasp. “Maeghara!”
Pinching the bridge of her nose, Maeghara toyed with a beaded godbraid. “Bajadek Warlord has two daughters, and bears no love for either….” She said slowly as though thinking aloud. “She is a lusty woman. She could yet bear a third daughter worth loving but….”
“Welcome Trader Maeghara! Trader Derubeis.” said the Godspeaker. “It is many seasons since you are seen in Todorok.”
But then he heard it again. And he was sure he hadn’t imagined it this time. It was soft, but definitely there. The sound of something scraping against metal.
“Contains within it the seeds of its own downfall.” Kufu finished for her. “I recall your teachings.”
The result was beautiful. But even to this day it was known throughout the lands as one of the most extravagant – and expensive – gifts of all time. That the Queen was hosting this delegation there sent a specific message. For some reason, she wanted to impress this party. Whoever they were, she wanted to make sure they knew the wealth and power of her Blood.
When she returned she seemed more calm, though she still did not look him in his face. Dee-Ann had redressed himself and sat, still brandishing the knife, on his heels. He was ready to launch himself at her if she tried to attack him. He had been wrong. This was not what the God wished. If she tried to touch him he would stab her with the knife and run into the night.
“Your Reverence.” Kufu said, and Castiel could hear him leave.
. Castiel wanted to scoff. If Dee-Ann’s precious God hadn’t shown up yet, he doubted it would now. But he said nothing. Instead trying to look in front of him and behind him all at once for any glimpse of the creature. He could hear the scrambling of his claws, and the rustling of fabric. But in the absolute blackness it was almost impossible to determine where it was coming from.
in the right order. If the wrong woman tried to unlace the box, she would die a horrible death. This was how the Traders protected their wealth, Maeghara had explained on the road. Even though Traders were beloved of the God, women were sometimes foolish and thought they could steal from Trader caravans. Or sometimes Traders fell into misfortune and they perished, and their money was found beside their bodies. That money by the God’s law must be returned to the Trader’s city, but if it was not protected by Godsworn Trader charms, a woman might not do her duty and try to keep that money and spend it for herself.
“What is this?!” he cried looking into her bird-bright eyes, fear shooting through him. He could not take his attention from the seamed old face, the glistening eyes, the pale gums around silvery metal teeth that flashed as she spoke.
He picked it up again. And he knew. Without another thought, he rang the bell, watching the cord turn black in his hand. On cue. All the other cords fell from the hook.
“So? You like honey Dee-Ann?” Maeghara asked. He chewed swallowed and looked down at the other honey soaked corncakes. Cold now, but he didn’t care about that.
“Traders will be here by High Sun tomorrow. Might be Seasons till more come. I paid the Godspeaker to list us as selling, and hang a Goat Skull on the gate. Money won’t come back, so the he-brat goes. Use your water ration to clean it. Use one drop of mine and I’ll flay you. I’ll hang you with rope twisted from your own skin! Understand?”
Because that meant he wasn’t losing his mind. And more. If whatever spell or ritual she’d cast was real and true…it meant he wouldn’t have to marry that horrible woman.
to the God, it drove him down a different path?
His eyes flicked up at Castiel’s and he nodded. Dee-Ann tugged on the lacings, and with each passing moment, Castiel found himself growing harder, more excited. Finally Dee-Ann’s hands were under his buttocks, taking two handfuls of the fabric and easing them down over Castiel’s thighs and eventually pulling them free. He looked down at Castiel’s completely naked body spread out before him.
“Then
“We travel where the God desires.” Said Maeghara. “Now let us do our duty to the Godpost. Then seek a pleasant place to camp.”
“I’m not the one haring about the Palace at all hours of the night. Without even so much as a ceremonial blade to protect me.” Gabriel was quick to answer.
“I’m being serious.” Castiel said walked across the room to his mirror table. He reached into the drawer and pulled out the bundle of cloth he’d wrapped Dee-Ann’s amulet in. He handed it to Gabriel, who patiently unwrapped it and regarded the amulet. He pulled a face.
“And in the process made an enemy of one who could have been a useful ally.” The third voice said. It was obvious – whoever they were – there was no love lost between them and Kufu. But Castiel was curious now. When the Reverend Mother spoke of others, did she mean his brothers? Or was there an even larger game afoot?
Beside them, Derubeis chitted. “He may be a monkey, but at least my little Hooli understands more than one word in five!” she said with a sneer. Maeghara ignored her.
beautiful.” The slave muttered.
"Godbowl!"  he shouted sounding excited. "Maeghara! Dee-ann  knows this word! It means gospel knows this word! It means Godbowl!"
“Ruling city Maeghara?” he asked a moment later, his voice obeying him this time.
!” The Penkeeper said to Obid. “Can she not see the
“Come on. We shouldn’t linger here.” Tran said softly once the coach was out of sight. Castiel followed, still looking around the street. It was empty. Dead quiet. But not the natural stillness of the quiet time or a holiday. This was an abiding desolation that seemed to have settled over the entire area. As if it had been abandoned in lieu of some kind of political disaster. Or plague.
“Why are you repeating everything I say?” Gabriel asked but Castiel ignored him. Et-Nieveswhyte was the stronghold of Queen Kaia herself. And while the Southern Isles had been colonized by Et-Novakar in the time of Castiel’s thrice Great Grandmother, their rulers had always rankled at Novaki control. Castiel was beginning to warm to his theory about the Queen looking for a husband. If they were putting forth a suitor to better relations between the two Nations, it made political sense for the Queen to put on a show.
“I have found both freedom and safety in the madness of my life. I have learned there is a kind of liberation in loneliness. A kind of safety, from needing to be understood, for those who understand us enslave something in us. I never wanted to be different. I wanted to be able to laugh. To love. Instead I am loved to the point of worship and exalted as a God in this world. But is it possible to be worshipped without also being feared? I never wanted anyone to fear me. They built my pedestal high and thin. My People. And now I sit on top of it, all alone.”
Creeping to the door, he saw the Guards readying themselves to do their rounds. Scrambling to drape his trusted black cloak around his shoulders, he waited for them to walk all the way to the end of the corridor, before he whipped the doors open and raced to the stairs.
This last was addressed to a sallow faced woman who headed up Castiel’s personal retinue of Guards for the day. The visor of her helmet was pulled up only long enough acknowledge Johdilia with a curt nod, before she flicked it down and motioned for Castiel to walk on.
“Use pot.” He stammered.
“Alright.” Castiel prompted when he didn’t continue.
“He hasn’t stolen anything! Stand down.” Castiel repeated.
“But then how is it you came to marry? To be freed?” Castiel asked fighting to keep his voice even. He swallowed, wished he hadn’t; feeling a hitch in Gord-Ahn’s breath at tha twitch in the muscle of his neck.
“I don’t
“Gabriel please? Just for once, can we have
“No!” she said then quickly made a motion with her hand to keep him quiet when she saw the murderous rage flash through his eyes. “I mean….you are very well shaped. I just……what I mean is…..that is…of course you are…pleasing I mean, it’s just that I don’t…”
“We have noticed this browning on the road traveling here.” Maeghara said with a nod.
“Find out. There might be something in there.” Castiel admitted. “It might be a good idea to better acquaint ourselves with the more powerful Noble Houses as well. I can’t imagine the minor houses would be of any particular interest. But those Houses which are influential? Who have active treaties with the Palace? Or whose future is closely aligned with the Crown? There should be some records on that at least?” he said as much as asked. For a second, he bristled. All the knowledge he was looking for would’ve been readily available if he’d been a girl. But a boy’s education barely included anything in the way of history, politics or statecraft. Rather he’d learned culture, art and languages. He knew how to bow and curtsy according to people’s station and make polite conversation on a variety of topics. But nothing that was going to help him in this quest to outwit these people.
*     *     *
He watched in the mirror as Gabriel flicked a finger and a boy slave came walking in, obviously struggling to maintain his hold on the box he was carrying. It was an ornate thing of wood inlaid with mother of pearl, and Castiel recognized their family’s crest emblazoned on the top. Gabriel waited for the slave to leave and shut the door behind him before turning back to the box. Pulling a tiny knife – the blade no bigger than the nail on his little finger – from a cleverly concealed spot on the box, Gabriel pierced the pad of his thumb with it and pressed the flesh until a fat drop of blood pooled there. And wincing, he touched his finger to the Crest laid into the wood. The entire sigil lit up with an unearthly grey green glow. And with a small puff of air almost like a sigh, the whisper of Godbreath sealing the box blew away. It was a clever design – devised many generations before – to ensure that only a member of Castiel’s Blood could open such boxes. Castiel leaned forward as Gabriel flipped back the lid of the box to reveal the most magnificent necklace he had ever seen.
Predator.
Tran gave him a strange look then, picking up the meat knife from the tray and handing it to Castiel. “Take this. Keep it hidden. Servants aren’t allowed blades, but at least…..”
This was a story that could serve him now. He wasn’t born a slave. The woman had sold him, and made him a slave. But Bennihime had been free. And Dee-Ann was born free too. In Mijak’s Savage East. He could twist that Slave boy Bennihime’s story. Make it a story about him instead. Someone passing through the Gate would believe it. The God would guide him to the right person.
“Oh dearest! Why didn’t you say? I’ll send the servants to undress you.” Gabriel said whirling in the direction of the door. “To bed with you. And if you don’t feel better by dinner I’ll have Tran bring you a tray.”
“For goat leather. No goats Maeghara?” he remarked looking around.
“It was a sloppy casting you did in the Keep.” She said abruptly. “Another moment or two and you would have destroyed yourself. Or worse those around you.”
God going to
“That’s enough!!!!” Gord-Ahn screamed, pinning Castiel’s wrists and snapping his teeth like a rabid dog. Castiel sneered and – exacting the second part of his plan – brought up his already glowing palms and blasted Gord-Ahn in the face with a flash of very bright light. The sound that erupted from him was far more animal than human, and Gord-Ahn instantly dropped him, seeming to melt into the darkness with more shrieking.
“Kufu dismisses them. To his peril.” She said having almost fade a full circle now, appearing in his vision again. “The same way he dismisses
Castiel’s widened and he could suppress a moan. If Dee-Ann hadn’t been gripping his hand like a drowning man, he would surely have dropped him. He regained his footing, but didn’t immediately let go. Castiel wanted to say something. To know if Dee-Ann had felt it too!
He lost himself for a moment, remembering the blazingly hot warmth and tightness of Castiel’s body squeezed around his cock.
“A trick?” she asked. “Hardly. The shadow blades may have been an illusion. But the oil in these urns is very real boy…” she continued, reaching into her robes and extracting a long bladed dagger. “As was the knife I would have plunged into your heart had you made the wrong choice.”
spared. But his hair would not be so lucky. Under the premise of speed, he urged the Body Slave who dressed it to opt for something simpler; wincing as it was pulled tight from his face and woven into a tight knot at the back of his head; leaving the rest of his hair to fall heavily down his back. He dressed as quickly as possible, letting Tran lace him into the leather bodice and settling the long cape like sleeves so they fell properly over the leather gauntlets that covered him from wrist to elbow. He waved away the slave who brought jewelry. He wanted nothing but his small Godstone. His entire ensemble was dark leather, all deep browns on the harness and oxblood trousers; save for the sleeves and divided skirts which were flaming scarlet as they fell about his legs and trailed batlike behind him as he swept out of his chambers into the Morning Room where the Godspeaker was waiting.
.” Gabriel spat the word. Castiel didn’t respond. He’d been barely 3 three years old when Amenadiel had married, and Gabriel all of 9.
it was too good to be true!” Castiel whispered to himself. “I
You are a slave Dee-Ann.
“If you thought they would get to me faster than I can kill you, you would have done so already.” She said with a cackle.
“As you command my lord.” Tran said bowing his head in dramatic supplication.
He wished last night had never happened.
................Castiel who he'd never.......who he had
The Gatekeeper examined both carved stones and nodded to one of the tall city guards. The guard walked with his painted spear all the way to the end of the merchandise and back again. When she returned she nodded to the Gatekeeper and went back to her place.
wanted.” Dee-Ann said almost scornfully. Castiel’s face was a mask of confusion….and anger.
He was lonely.
"An intersection of events....beyond which we cannot see." she admitted. "It is less than one hundred days from us now."
Pushing back the covers, he slid from the bed himself. His hair was a matted mop spilling down his back. He’d been too eager for sleep to let Tran braid it for him the night before. Reaching for a brush, he raked it mercilessly along the length of his hair; pulling the mass of it over his shoulder to give him ease of access.
………………………………………………….Did anyone
Obid struggled for words. “Mistress. This one spilled its water on the ground.”
“Will the Caravan leave tomorrow?” he asked.
“Pear. From House Aciman in Et-Nogolor.” Castiel said toweling his hair. “Take it if you like.” He remarked with a smirk, as Gabriel was already putting the bottle in his pocket.
“Light see me. What have I done………? When did you know?” Castiel asked.
“You knew? That we would be here? Did your dreams–?” he began but Castiel interrupted him before they were diverted too thoroughly.
“I tried!”
Still holding him, she turned to her friend. “What a little demon?” she chuckled.
Perhaps this was the reason she did not wish to look. She meant to keep him as a delicacy to be enjoyed later. That must be it.
“I happen to have laid hands on, the personal journals of one Captain Anne Bonny.” Joh said with a wide grin at the way Castiel’s eyes lit up.
“Many slaves now…” he said tentatively.
Just a very quick little chapter to get us to where we need to be. I want to wrap up Act 1 quickly so we can get to the meeting we've all been waiting for!
Men were shouting now. There was the sound of metal striking metal and rock. Horses neighing. Goats bleating. Chickens cackling. The lowing of oxen. Many feet striking the ground. The city was awake.
The man Bisla loosened his fingers and managed to smile. “Do not be afraid child. The water will not hurt you, and neither will we. You want to be clean don’t you?” Dee-Ann shrugged. The water sloshed against his skin, warm and inviting. All the tight places in his skin, his legs, his back that had knotted like goat hide rope with the camel riding were starting to unknot. This hot water was……was…..good? No. Good was a small word. He didn’t have a big enough word for what this was. He smiled.
Only when each charm and amulet and lacing on the box had been drenched with the mist did it begin to dissipate, and the eerie glow of the Godspeaker’s tattoos vanished.
Aaaaaiiiiiiieeeeeeee!!!!!! He did not understand what had happened. But he was ready to leave this place. He was outside the gates of Et-Banotaj now. He did not need to stay here any longer. This stupid shrieking woman could keep her throwing things. He would find another way to reach Et-Novakar. He knew he–
Dee-Ann had counted. There were forty seven slaves in Maeghara’s caravan. One by one, the Godspeaker gave them the crystal, said her words and waited. One by one, the God did not see any hearts. If the Godspeaker was angry or disappointed, her face did not show it.
. Two days my Mima and I labored and I still looked like Amenadiel’s fat, short brother destined to be a
Castiel stood with his mouth agape. Of all his siblings, his brother Peliel numbered among the ones Castiel knew the least. Not so strange considering the massive gaps in age within such a prolific family. The Queen – like her foremothers – had started spawning heirs almost as soon as she’d married. Many daughters would ensure her bloodline. But even a male child was not without its uses. A woman is never more physically powerful than while she is pregnant. A fact the Queen had never failed to exploit. She’d been pregnant a grand total of sixteen times – each corresponding with some war campaign or other – and given birth to fourteen babes. Two had been stillbirths. Two more daughters had lived to adulthood, but died in battle.
“What?” he repeated. Maeghara chuckled.
“Actually......” he said sharply, and Gord-Ahn paused to look at him. “I don’t think she will.”
Wincing, breath catching raw in his throat, the man clutched at the table leg and pulled himself to his knees. Then grabbed hold of the table edge panting, whimpering, and staggered upright. There was water in his eyes. He reached out a work knotted hand and touched rough fingertips to the child’s cheek. The water trembled but did not fall. Then the man turned on his heel, and went out into the searing day. Not understanding. Not caring. The child with no name followed.
After his bath, a shivering and bright blue Castiel installed himself in front of the mirror. He gasped. He was the color of the sky at highsun, and his hair looked black as pitch. Though he had no time to gawk at himself as the Mima went to work.
.......................................................................Castiel who always smelled of gooseberries.
“Oh he’s in the garden, observing his daily vigil.” El-Don said pointing out the window with his chin. “He’ll wear his knees out praying for so long without moving.”
“Little brother.” Gabriel said stretching the words. “You’ve become a proper little
“You think he might?” Dee-Ann asked horrified.
in the presence of the Reverend Mother. Answer all her questions honestly. And don’t try to keep things from her. She will know if you do and there will be consequences.” Said the Godspeaker.
“What was the situation in Portstown?” Castiel asked quickly. When Joh started groaning he forged on before she could dismiss him. “Why are the Southerners here? And why did the Queen summon you all the way back? Is the entire Honor Guard coming? Why does she need them here?”
they're not." Gord-Ahn said sounding bored. "You've seen them in the daylight."
“What?!” Castiel snarled through a veil of tears. “What? Let me guess! You’ve had a vision….your ugly little amulet shat out a ruby and now it’s all for nothing? What is it to be Dee-Ann tell me? Hot oil or the rack? What holy punishment is there to be for…..”
“This will do.” Said Maeghara, slaready sliding from her saddle. “Stake the slaves out Obid, he ordered the oldest and tallest of the Guards. “Food and water.”
“....little did I know you would br so kind as to walk
kissing him anymore.
Castiel wrapped his hand around the base, lifting Dee-Ann’s cock to his chin and sticking out his tongue to kitten lick at his slit, closing his eyes to savor Dee-Ann’s flavor. The taste was unlike anything he’d ever tasted, at once spicy and salty and bitter and thick. He didn’t like it. And he didn’t
……………………….Remembered
“Just this.”
The capital spread out far beneath him, the streets slowly beginning to fill with people. Already the air above the city was beginning to fill with tendrils of smoke, and there was a subtle tang of spice from many cooking fires on the wind. Et Novakar was the largest, and by far the richest and most beautiful city in the entire Northern Queendom. Home to many hundreds of thousands of people, the Palace itself housed over a thousand. Built in a huge bowl shaped fissure completely enclosed by very high mountains on all sides, the city was situated over two thousand feet above the great planes to the West that eventually led to the oceans. By all accounts, it was the highest point in all of civilization. And popular legend claimed that it was the first place the Light touches each day.
in hard. Dee-Ann’s palms slapped the ground and he half-arched up, and Castiel made a happy sound as he felt fingers comb gently over his forehead and fist in his hair. He sucked Dee-Ann’s cock clumsily for a few moments, drool dribbling out over his fingers as he stroked that portion of Dee-Ann’s cock that he couldn’t cram into his mouth. Then he found his rhythm. Angling his head slightly to the side allowed him to get more of Dee-Ann’s length into his mouth without wanting to make him gag as his head pushed against the back of his throat. The hand massaging Castiel’s scalp gripped tight and literally
Already the event had not been without its’ excitements. There had been some fanfare surrounding his entrance…
The man was sobbing again. Scarred arms crossed in front of his face. “I’m sorry! I’m so-o-orry…”
“Your Majesty?!” she asked with equal parts confusion and unmitigated fury. “Are you alright? Don’t worry I’ve got him!”
would never be the object of such idolatry.
He smiled up at her. Johdilia had never been anyone’s idea of a beauty. She was tall even for a woman which leant her body a certain gangliness no amount of muscle would ever obscure. Her nose had been broken at least twice, and too much time exposed to the elements had added a permanent blush and coarseness to her skin. But she had a nice smile, kind eyes and her plain, open features were etched with her good humor. Her straw colored godbraids – shaved on the sides of her head in the fashion of Archers – had been tied in a club at the base of her neck. Castiel chuckled. Johdilia had never taken to wearing her hair long, and would frequently slice them off with her sword and burn them as an offering.
“Don’t go wasting yer blushes and secret smiles on that one. She’s a wily one. I’d wager she has a soft bed and a hard cock in every town and village from here all the way to the grassy ocean.” The woman Bara-Bhur said.
“I’m glad you’re alright.” He said in a much cooler tone than his initial reaction had hinted at. Whatever deeper emotion may have been forthcoming, Castiel had the distinct impression that El-Don’s presence had been a wet blanket thrown over it. Dee-Ann made a few more nice noises, before stalking out of the cabin saying he wanted to return to Grimsgrave to retrieve the rest of their belongings.
He felt air whooshing over his head. Were they outside? Had they made it? He tried to look for the sun. But all he could see was Dee-Ann. He felt something rough against his cheek and realized it was his tunic. Dee-Ann was carrying him? He thought how nice it would be to sleep just a little. Just a tiny nap, but he was interrupted when Dee-Ann slapped him.
touching him and worst of all,
“Tran?” he asked. “Please see to the rescheduling of my lessons for tomorrow?”
Had to take a break yesterday cause it was my fiance's birthday so we were COOKING! Managed to crank this out today though. Hope you guys enjoy!
Maeghara growled. “What is money to a dead woman in the grass?” she asked. “We are no match for a Warlord’s raiding party.”
“One would think you’d have eaten your fill on that tray last night.” Castiel muttered. Tran rewarded him with another smile.
“Well I have to do something for him. We’ll take him out of that place. We’ll bring him back to the Palace with us. Today. I’m sure there’s a place for him. In the Kitchens. Or in the Keep.” Castiel suggested hopefully.
He had no words. There were no words. There was only pain. Pain like the devouring of dogs.
The taller trader, wore thick gold earrings, and more amulets were woven in her night black god braids. Tattooed on her right cheek in brightest scarlet, was a stinging scorpion. The child bit his tongue. She had money enough to buy a protection like
a) “She had the godsmite on her for her wickedness.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It did not matter that Maeghara had given the Woman coin. He was not a slave. He was not a weak, nothing person like Obid or Ashar or Naga. Not in his heart where he was his true self.
Dee-Ann wanted to roll his eyes. Only a Prince could say something so stupid as to ever call
Dee-Ann hid his face so Derubeis would not see his disgust. He had a bed in the wayhouse too. It was the most
“The God not see you!” Dee-Ann scorched with rage. “Stupid slave! The God not see you!”
” the old woman gasped. Her scummy eyes lost their focus and rolled upwards in her head like a Godspeaker’s in the middle of Sacred Ritual. “
. What are you called?”
Had the God felt it too?
“Alright out with it. I give up. What’s wrong with you?” he asked one morning after he’d finished dressing. Just a simple shift. He wasn’t planning on leaving his rooms that day.
"Never met her. I only been as far the border me. They're a cagy lot them Westerners. Don't much like Foreigners treadin they lands." Joh said. But her voice was tinged with something. Something like awe. Or fear.
The Trader made a small disbelieving sound. She’d done something to her eyebrows. Instead of being a thick, tangled bar like the Woman’s; they arched above her eyes in two solid gold half circles. The child stared at them, fascinated; as the Trader leaned down and brought her pale face next to his. He wanted to stroke the scarlet scorpion inked into her cheek. Steal some of her protection in case she did not buy him. Her long slender fingers, tugged on his earlobes, traced the shape of his skull, his nose, his cheeks, pushed back his lips and felt all his teeth. She tasted of salt and things he did not know. She smelled like freedom.
He looked hard. Yes, there was a name there. The stupid tutor had taught him to write his own name. And Maeghara's, and Derubeis. He frowned at it.
Dee-Ann smiles against his lips, grinding their bodies together and shuddering from the needy sound Castiel lets out.
“Hush Dee-Ann. It is the God’s work and not for questioning in the world. That way lies madness.” She said.
She held her arms wide. “A big, big,
"What does that mean?" Castiel asked.
They must talk of something else. Raking his mind, he put together his words the way she’d told him he must. “How far…is Et-Banotaj?” he asked.
“Does Dee-Ann care?” she asked, raising one golden eyebrow at him. There was a smile in her eyes like a secret  that made Dee-Ann feel warm. Safe.
“Need lose water.” He said.
Gabriel looked befuddled. “Strange. Perhaps it caught some sun.”
“The others we purchased. Do you know them?”
Next to him, the Godspeaker bowed from the waist; and Castiel sketched her the curtsy his dancing master had taught him: ‘
“Ah.....dear Wylah.” Gord-Ahn said. “Dear, dear, poor sweet, simpering addlebrained Wylah...” he released a throaty chuckle. “She ventured far into the outer rim. By then I’d scraped my way from the pleasure houses to the Opium dens. I knew the moment I saw her that she was my ticket.” Another chuckle. “...oh yes. Her mind was so easy to bend to my will. A few drops of tincture in her drink, a few nights fucking her bow legged, and a few whispered words on the pillow? And she was
“What happened then, to the Warlord?” Castiel asked.
“He did not know.” Tran said. “But all the guards have been sent away between here and the North Tower. When I brought up your tray I saw none but those guarding your door. And movement around this entire wing of the Palace has been severely restricted.” Tran said. Castiel took one long breath to calm himself then rose to sit in front of the mirror. He suddenly understood why Tran had chosen the red for him to wear. Aside from being a striking color with his light skin and dark hair, it came with a leather bodice that was almost a breastplate. And Castiel was surely going into battle.
Gabriel however continued to chortle at something while he stared at Castiel, actually giving his shoulders a little shake as if he’d just heard a particularly delicious bit of gossip.
They used Servant stairs and dimly lit passages, going ever down, down and following some route Tran seemed to know. In these small hours, it was easy enough to avoid the guards. But Castiel was growing concerned. They seemed to have come an awfully long way. He had absolutely no idea where they even were anymore. If they got separated now....
As the caravan resumed its progress toward the shining city of Et-Novakar, Dee-Ann remembered the road and its familiar routines. He scrubbed pots and pans. He butchered carcasses and prepared salted goat and corn mush. It was just like traveling with Maeghara and Derubeis – except for the complaining. He wondered about the Traders sometimes. Had they ever tried to look for him? Had they given him up as dead? Had they beaten that stupid slave Ashar as he deserved? It did not matter. That was his dead life. Like the Village in the East. He would begin a new life soon. He was eager for it like the caravan dogs slavered for bits of chicken gizzard.
“And you.” He said warmly. “I’d like a bath please. And send for the Mima. I’ll need a new costume before dinner.”
Castiel smiled. “Good.” He said, hearing how hoarse his voice was and smiling for it. “I want you to.”
Sitting cross legged with his back straight, he dug into his food sack for the cook’s knife. He turned the blade to the side so he could look into his own eyes. For a moment he was gripped with the urge to kiss his skin with the blade. To cut off that beauty that had made him so precious until there was nothing left.
He pillowed his head on his intertwined fingers, pressing his ear against Dee-Ann’s chest and listening to the soft drum of his heart.
As promised a proper length Chapter this time! Hope you guys enjoy.
“What happened to the wine?” he asked after a moment, fanning his fingers with anger and Tran all but ran to pour him a glass.
“Master.” The slave said again and left the room.
“All Novaki subjects are of concern to me.” She said. She gave a wink to Dee-Ann, before turning lazily and walking off. Dee-Ann glared at the back of her head. He had hoped she had forgotten about him. He could see now she had not.
“Oh stop your moaning. Beauty and agony are synonymous.” Gabriel said, punctuating his point by stabbing Castiel with his needle.
“Not in this life Tran.” Castiel said softly. He watched his words hit Tran like arrows in his chest. He nodded as if he’d known the answer. But had still been hoping against hope for a different one.
Gabriel looked at him snidely, tilting his head forward and cocking is right eyebrow. “What?” Castiel asked hesitantly as a slow smile spread over Gabriel’s face like a knife being pulled from its sheath.
Dee-Ann noticed she had markings inked into her skin like a Godspeaker. Only this woman’s tattoos were golden instead of black. Aiiieeeeeee!!!!! He did not think he had enough counting to think of a sum large enough to pay for such a protection.
“Castiel.” He said firmly. She looked at him strangely. “My name is Castiel. I’m not your
world. You must go beneath the stairs and mind Ashar and Naga and your new Tutor. You must not come unless you are called. Do you understand?"
“I will if you will….” Castiel said cracking a smile.
“Walk the ramparts with me.” Said Gabriel already looping his arm through Castiel’s and setting off. “And
He was fairly certain he’d had enough of the Moor’s onerous brand of beauty to last him a lifetime. And if he never saw this valley again it would still be too soon.
looking anywhere by at the fabric as he guided it down. Dee-Ann had already shucked his boots earlier, so all that was left for him to join Castiel in his nakedness was to divest his socks.
He wanted Castiel.
He sighed. It was ludicrous to think anyone would want to assassinate
“I’ll take her coin. And anything else she has to offer. I’ve more than done my share and earned it.” she said. “And the God see me in its eye, she’s earned what’s coming to her.”
“He is not stupid Rubi. Underfed yes, and starved of learning. But in no way is he stupid.”
“Then how can Bajadek Warlord take Haravelle he-brat?” Dee-Ann asked. “The God cannot want Et-Haravelle he-brat for Banotaj
She was cowering in one of the unlit hearths.
. He was clean! He would never be dirty again! He lived in Maeghara’s villa! It was beautiful. And so was he.
“I have a name too.” The slave said in a low voice. “My name is Bennihime.
end in me threatening to put out the tongue of a
Maeghara turned to Rubi, who had captured the monkey and was feeding it dates.
that had surrounded the thing.
“Ah yes.” Castiel said. “Wasn’t there a lusty Knight as well?”
“No one. It’s not important.” Castiel said tugging at the lacings of his harness. He’d dismissed everyone from the room, but suddenly found his costume stiflingly hot.
“And if there is no Slave? The Mistress wishes to be alone?” he asked.
"You are right! My Hooli is worth a thousand of you you brat!"
The next minutes are lost in a flurry of activity. The Mima was not needed. Castiel would not be seen in public today, so at least his face would be
“You are welcome Dee-Ann. Now eat. The sun flies up and we must be on the road.” She said returning to her own meal. Dee-Ann leapt to obey her word, stuffing sweet corn cakes into her mouth.
“There Mega! You see what you’ve done? It’s become attached!” declared Derubeis, outraged. “You’ve made a pet of it and now it’s got attached!” Derubeis took him by the shoulders and shook him till his eyes rolled. “You be quiet!!! Shall I beat you? Shall I give you to the God? Be quiet with your howling you wretched monkey!”
That said, hope y'all enjoy!
“Bah! The South? You don’t even think that boy!” she said pulling the beads tighter, and he felt several places where the blades kissed his skin.
“You and that delicious Southern Princess.” Tran added with a raised eyebrow. Castiel rolled his eyes at him. “All the Palace slaves are abuzz about her. And of course the way their men were dressed.”
But even as his fingers tightened around the knife to drag it along his skin, something stopped him.
He finished off in a sigh, thrusting his hands into his hair and giving it a frustrated little tug.
“And?” Castiel pressed. “Do we know what’s going on?”
“I know! I know! We must travel swiftly.” Moaned Derubeis and tugged her godbraids. “But so much lost
The message was relatively straightforward, if somewhat unexpected. The Queen wished him to present himself for a portait later.
“Fought and bled for her in two of her wars I did. Then I sacrificed two of my daughters to the ones she started when I grew too old and decrepit to do much more fighting. And for what? Her taxes? Some speck of shit on the edge of the map she wanted to claim as her own? Some young bronco she wanted to fuck that weren’t hers to begin with?” the woman said with bile in her voice. “And ain’t it always the way. Were the Queen what done the fuckin. But it were soldiers like me and my daughters what did the dying.”
wanted to say to him.
He thought back to Et-Banotaj with contempt. Compared to Et-Novakar it was nothing. A hillock. He remembered himself as he was when he had first arrived there. Small and slaved and owned by Maeghara. Ignorant of his place in the God’s eye.
Given the general state of deshabile the room had fallen into, Gabriel had been using it as his own private theater. A collapsible stage had been installed years before, and this was the birthplace of the ignoble Isaorah.
Obediently, Castiel let himself be leaned against the side of the tub so Tran could wash his legs and feet. Tran washed his stomach, trailing the sponge through the new patch of hair above his cock before and abandoning the sponge; taking Castiel’s cock in hand and pulling back his foreskin to wash him. Castiel twitched uncomfortably as he felt his cock thicken without warning.
That night, after dinner Dee-Ann curled up with his eyes closed as he listened to Maeghara and Derubeis talk Trader business in soft, urgent voices.
“It would not harm anyone. You don’t know what she is like when she gets angry.” Chaala said. “And besides. I didn’t think you would have a problem lying. You’ve been lying since you arrived here.”
“Do you really need me to spell it out for you?” Gabriel asked with an incredulous expression. “Now….a discreet bit of buggery between a beautiful young prince and his body servant would hardly be cause for a revolution….”
“I would imagine that over the course of their marriage our Father became quite adept at closing his eyes the way only a man can.” Gabriel said. “But no. This time he didn’t as a matter of fact. You see our Mother had very recently given birth. The timeline was….suspect…to say the least.”
“I think I’m clean enough.” He said turning with a splash and stepping out of the water.
“Trader Maeghara?” the old woman said. “Returned from the road? The God sees me. Maeghara is Et-Banotaj’s daughter. Beloved of the God. What is your name? And where are you from?”
"Fifteen" Gabriel said.
Muttering crossly, Derubeis withdrew to her tent. Maeghara ignored her, and raised a finger so he would pay close attention. “Yes. He does. Now go to sleep Dee-Ann. From tomorrow you will walk as well as ride. You are stronger now and there is some meat on your bones. Walking will be good for you.”
“These gardens.....” Dee-Ann continued, his voice a little strained. “....they’re altars aren’t they? They fuel your power. I’ve seen the like before.”
“I can’t explain it.” He admitted. “I have such a….profound feeling of….
like Gord-Ahn, right here in Mijak.
“A friend?! Tcha! You’re not a man or a Master. You’re some impotent, useless thing that doesn’t know how to be either.” Tran said pulling his mouth into a hard line, before his entire face collapsed into despair and he drove both palms into his eyes. Eyes which Castiel could now see were filled with tears.
“…and I’m not ready to wake up just yet.” Castiel continued, resting his chin on his hand so he could look at Dee-Ann. Dee-Ann took his face in both hands and pressed a tingling kiss to his lips. His soft lips that were even better than any imagining of his when he’d had his cock in his hands.
“Who are you?” Castiel asked. There was something strange about him. An otherness he couldn’t quite place.
“I washed me face and hands before I cum, now didn’t I?” She said easily and they both smiled.
Trembling he dared to look at her. Dared to hope. The short one wasn’t laughing. She shook her head, setting the ivory dangles in her ears to swinging.
"You? No. Send my most beautiful son, to be covered at all times? No. perhaps your horse faced brother.  Never looking upon his countenance again would be no great loss." she said disdainfully. "No for you my son I have somethinf very special planned."
“I think I have. Isn’t that what Et-Haravelle used to be called? There was a skirmish of some sort. A noble house that went renegade and made an attempt on the Queen’s life?” Castiel asked.
Over her right shoulder was draped a great sash of scarlet, and her enormous longsword dragged on the stones behind her. Anna was famous among the women of the court for her skill with a sword, and had gained all but immortal status when she’d dueled a battle hardened blade dancer nearly twice her age, and cut off her sword arm; using a sword as tall as she was the year before. Swords of ungainly length and proportions had been a permanent addition of her armor ever since. Of all his sisters, she was the most even tempered. Though despite being only seven years his senior, he didn’t think she always remembered he even existed. She had walked into surrounded by Slaves from neighboring Queendoms and conquered lands – their skins painted with strange markings and different colors to highlight their foreignness – all bearing painted wounds from costume arrows and even the stuffed head of some nameless enemy. It was gruesome, but Castiel had to admit – effective. The crowd had responded appropriately. Many of the women cheered and roared, while their men covered their eyes and gasped in horror.
The only real source of color in his bed chamber was the huge crest above the fire place that represented his family. He dragged his eyes up to study the image.
Castiel had sat with closed eyes while the Mima slathered a thick layer of white chalk paste over his shoulders, neck and entire face. He usually tried to avoid opening his eyes while the Mima worked. He hated seeing all his features erased like some kind of ghost. Once the paste had dried sufficiently, Castiel bit the inside of his own cheek to keep from making any noise as the Mima went to work sweeping most of it off with a hard haired brush; leaving his skin looking as pale as snow in moonlight. Next were his eyes. Working with a variety of brushes – some no larger than the nail on his baby toes – the Mima meticulously set about painting his eyes elaborately in shades of blue and gold that stretched even over his temples and the very tops of his ears. His eyebrows were painstakingly repainted with charcoal amidst the golden corona painted on his forehead. To Castiel this was patently ludicrous. He had eyebrows of his own. What was the point of covering them in white only to paint them back on? But he’d gotten better at sitting still. This was his third time having a Mima ply his craft on Castiel’s face. The first had been for the Harvest Festival the year before. Next had been for Ezekiel’s presentation ball. And he knew as his nameday approached he’d best accustom himself to the process.
And when he let go he missed it instantly. He studied the amulet fixed to it. It was a face, wearing a horned headdress.
invade here. Not here. This was too precious.
Stupid old woman. She was demon struck. And ripe for stoning. Dee-Ann snatched up the scorpion amulet and thrust it into his pocket; then ran after Ashar before the bazaar’s milling crowd swallowed him entirely.
"Three years. Five at most." the voice said.
Through slitted eyes he could just make out two shapes in the firelight. A woman, and a man. The old woman was a witch shadow, nothing but round hooded darkness for features. But even within the hood he could see her eyes like glittering jewels.
No. But the man was smiling. Did that make
‘Not like me.’ He thought cruelly to himself.
“The Boy is but one piece upon the board.” The Reverend Mother said. “Like all the others. But it is
I'm cutting this one in half because it was getting a little long. These next few chapters will be the last few "world building" chapters so please bear with me my lovelies.
“Another day, they’ll be completely healed.” El-Don said.
“Aaiiiieeeee you stupid child!” the man Bisla screamed. “Spit it up! Spit it up!”
He raced across the courtyard until he reached the lowest tip of the Great Keep. His mother had several administrative edifices spread around the Palace, but her most private documents and things meant for her eyes only would surely be kept in her Offices closest to her bedchamber. Far on the other side of the courtyard, he could hear the bustle of the “Gypsy” camp – as he and Gabriel had taken to calling it – carried on the biting breeze. He could see the glow of many fires. There was a small part of him that would’ve liked a closer look. But he could not afford to be diverted from his task. And he would need to concoct a far more convincing costume than this…
In the aftermath of his discoveries Castiel begins to map out his next move.
He was silent because she said he must be silent. But he still didn’t understand. He wanted to know how that Godstone knew to burn or stay dead? To know what would happen to that special slave Bennihime who had gone to serve in Et-Haravelle’s Godhouse. How he would serve? And what the God wanted from him?
a good thing? He wanted to know. Maeghara had said no speaking. But these words were in service of her. So…
” he said finally, when his friend refused to meet his eyes. His voice was not raised, but it was firm. Tran looked at him before straightening up. He said something in a language Castiel didn’t understand, but he’d heard Tran say it enough times that its meaning was plain as milk. It was the word Tran used when he wanted all the other slaves to disperse.
Aaaaaiiiiieeeeeee!!!! She was like the God to read his mind so easily.
And around him, the crowd exploded into boisterous applause and cheers. He waited a moment more, before releasing his hold on his power and the balls of light, burned out. Feeling the weight of reality drape over his shoulders like an iron shawl, it was all he could do not to collapse as he dragged himself shakily to his feet. Tessa was there, offering him a hand. Castiel took it gratefully, schooling his face and nodding appreciatively at the still cheering crowd. He leaned on Tessa harder than he would’ve liked as she led him the rest of the way down the center of the room to where a young Godspeaker Castiel didn’t recognize was waiting to bless him. His head was clean shaven, save for a handful of godbraids gathered in a tail high on his head, and what was visible of his chest under his ceremonial robes was muscular. It was difficult to properly make out his features beneath the angry looking welts from innumerable Scorpion stings covering his face and hands. Castiel worked to keep his shock from reflecting on his face. Despite his young age, this Godspeaker had swum in the Scorpion Pit, and quite recently from the look of it. Not unheard of for male Godspeakers to be granted such a privilege – but certainly not regular. Unlike the Truthsayers – whose Order was exclusively female – Godspeakers could be of any gender, providing they had a sufficiently strong spark.
“Light see you Tran.” Castiel said with a smile as he seated himself in front of the smoked glass, picking up a comb and raking it along a handful of his hair.
He was shaken from his reverie when Dee-Ann appeared in the doorway. His beautiful face was a mask of awe when he saw Castiel awake and sitting.
The city’s large gates were not yet open. They did not open until two fingers past newsun. But other buildings near the gate opened earlier than that. He had seen it in the days he had sat and waited. He walked around the wall until he found the first of these places. It was a waiting place where caravans could take up temporary residence until the omens read by the Godspeaker read ‘yes’ and they received her word to travel. He saw pens of goats and sheep, and crates of chickens. He saw slaughtered calves hanging on hooks, and tubs of gizzards overflowing. A row of tents – plain brown, not striped and pretty like Maeghara’s Trader tent – marched up and down. He could see nothing past them. The ground was bare in places, beaten hard and flat by many feet. Coarse, gray green grass grew in patches between the places for tents. The air was thick with animal smells. Blood stink. With the shout of voices from beyond the row of tents. The goats and sheep bleated. The chickens cackled. From somewhere else came the lowing of cattle and the bawling of calves. Scrawny dogs quarreled and hunted for scraps.
He thought of the way the Godspeaker had referred to her as Your Reverance, and how she in turn had referred to him simply as
“You could have just asked.” Castiel said still smarting. “I have a hideous blue one Gabriel foisted on my for my nameday that you could’ve smashed into a million pieces.”
“The God did nothing. It did not speak. It did not stir within me.
Time passed. Four Godmoons became six. Six, became eight. Until finally, after ten long and lonely godmoons; she returned to him. It was as if the sun had never shined before the day Dee-Ann was summoned up the stairs and found her there. But too soon, they were gone again. Maeghara was only home for four fat godmoons before the Queen sent her on another errand. More messages from the High Godspeaker. More secrets. More honor. More gold for stupid Derubeis to delight in.
“I don’t know how.” Castiel admitted. “I dream of blood. Running like rivers in the streets. Ash choking the air in my throat. The Light hidden behind a mountain of the dead.”
.” He added, hearing the desperation in his own voice as the words flowed like water. “Don’t you understand? I haven’t heard the God’s voice in
When all the chickens had been killed, plucked and spitted Dee-Ann went to fetch the woman Bara-bhur. She gave him an approving nod and beckoned him to follow. “In the morning we leave for Et-Novakar. I’ll introduce to you the cook and a few others who will have use for you. Work hard and I’ll feed you and pay you a fair wage. You give me any trouble, and I’ll make you regret the first kiss your father ever gave your mother.”
“Did anybody else talk to you?” Maeghara asked sipping her own tea.
*     *     *
“I congratulate you boy. You have passed the test.” She said but he was deaf to her words.
“Ah yes. We’ve discussed it. The men are expected to be modest, but only in public. Idan has assured me that beyond public appearances – which from all accounts are few and far between for men at court – she won’t insist on me wearing their traditional garb. So there’s that.” Gabriel smiled wiping an imaginary drop of sweat from his forehead.
“Speaking of shameful correspondence, was that a chest from the Southern Isles I saw the porters delivering to your chambers the other day?” Castiel asked wistfully.
The difference was in their godbraids. Slaves of longstanding bore one braid of deep red. A sign from the God that they were property. The new slaves would get their red braids in time. Guarding the chained Slaves, five tall women with swords and spears. Their godbraids bore amulets. Even their slavebraids were charmed. They must be special slaves, those guards. In the caravan there were pack camels too. Common brown roped together, laden with baskets cris-crossed with travel charms. A sixth, unchained slave led them. Little more than a girl, her red godbraid bore amulets as well. At her signal, groaning, the camels folded their calloused knees to squat on the hard ground. The slaves squatted too, silent and sweating.
” a shrill voice said from beyond the door.
“Tell you herself that she was the one who summoned me here to test you.” The woman said dismissively.
On the other side of the pen, Dee-Ann heard a scuffle. Still chewing, he went to see. One of the slaves had dropped its bowl. Its bread and cheese and corn were in the dirt. Other slaves were stealing them. They would not steal from a bowl. Such slaves would be beaten. But food in the dirt, belonged to whoever took it. The slave who had dropped its bowl screamed, but the others did not retreat. Too soon there was nothing left to be stolen, and the hungry slave sat in a pitiful heap; its eye water mixing with the dirt of the pen.
"Dee-Ann is graceful. And beautiful." said Maeghara looking at him with pleasure in her eyes. " you must continue to practice and to do your lessons with your tutor Dee-Ann. I look forward to seeing your progress when we return."
This is how rumors get started that can ruin a man’s reputation.” Gabriel cut in. “And people are starting to talk about you. Rumors flew high and low when Tran threw himself from your window.
.” Castiel said soothingly. “I lived.”
“Quite.” Castiel said looking down at his hands. The near invisible threads of blossoms had all snapped in the struggle. Rather than try to salvage them, Castiel threw the cunning little blossoms into the air, letting the damnable wind have them. In an instant they were all but gone, floating off in the direction of the gypsy camp.
“Do you really?” Castiel asked, letting Dee-Ann roll him gently onto his back. There was a tone to Castiel's voice that told Dee-Ann that he didn’t really believe him, but wanted to.
Behind the stage area, a small army of smaller rooms had been constructed out of free standing screens and intricate room dividers Castiel recognized from when the Palace had been refurbished a few years before. Gabriel led him to a small room at the far end of the “theater”. In the days when this had been a ballroom, it would have acted as a repository for shawls and cloaks and exterior garments. Instead Gabriel had turned it into a neat little bolt hole. Castiel’s first thought was that if Gabriel’s head exploded, this would be the result.
Even his other project had suffered due to his distracted mind. Tran had managed to lay his hands on fresh rolls of parchment detailing his Mother’s various political alliances. They all still lay on his desk untouched where Tran had put them.
“I don’t know.” Dee-Ann choked out. “I just…..”
She came out of the tent as Obid reached him, her hands swinging as if to smack his face. “Obid!” she shouted. “Hunta!”
These warriors belonged to Haravelle Warlord – Maeghara explained – and those curved blades were scimitars. A scimitar could cut a camel’s head right off its neck.
“What was wrong with the last one?” Gabriel asked scandalized. “He came very highly recommended.”
“Where is Maeghara?” he asked. “Maeghara and Dee-Ann eat breakfast together.”
"Unavoidable." she said, dipping the braided string into a bowl of what he could now see was blood - by virtue of the freshly killed crow next to her - blood in a bowl in front of her. He could only assume his seed was mixed in with it. He did not want to ponder that too deeply. The apparentack of any disgust she had to working such things with her bare hands was disconcerting to say the least. The string was added in with the rest.
“What is this? What is
time that I have found myself in the extraordinary position of having to fend off an attack while under your supposed protection. I assure you there will not be a third. Do not seek to spice the dish of your abject failure to perform your base function with insubordination as well. Now as your Prince and Sovereign I command you….” Castiel bit off. “Let. Him.
Maeghara bowed again. “The God see you in its eye Godspeaker.”
“Shoes are Maeghara’s word. In his shoes, the soles will soften over time. He has pretty, slender feet. They must be protected.” Said Bisla. Dee-Ann frowned. In the village, only men had clothed their feet.  He wriggled as his toes were imprisoned.
“Oh pesh! Tosh! Light see me! I can practically see it!” Gabriel said clutching his fists in front of his face. “The cold stone. The bare moonlight. A mysterious stranger. A lone prince with nothing but his wits and his magic to protect himself! A dashing rescue by a brave Guard! This is the stuff plays are practically made of!”
“Just this?” she asked scornfully. He was enchanted. Her voice was deep and dark, like the dead of night. And shaped the words differently from the Woman. When the Woman spoke it sounded like rocks grinding in the dry ravine. Ugly, like her. The Trader was not ugly. The Woman nodded.
*     *     *
*     *     *
“I am proud. I am defiant. I am Dee-Ann. Precious and beautiful. All of me is beautiful. The God sees me. I am seen by the God.”
“What do we buy there?” Dee-Ann asked.
“I know what you think about me Castiel. What everyone does. With my silly costumes and my little plays. But I am the
“Mistress?”
“I don’t know what that means.” He admitted finally.
"I don't understand." Castiel said looking between them.
"Or perhaps some desert flower? Even a body slave?" the other suggested. They laughed and chortled as if he had said something very funny.
“He cannot be trusted any longer.” Said the voice.
“Safe?” he asked.
“Bet havin’ this many strangers right up on her doorstep will give the ole Bitch some fat to chew. May she choke on it and rot in hell.” She said slapping her knee where she sat across from Dee-Ann. They were alone for the moment. The girl Chaala would be joining them soon. Dee-Ann half shrugged. He did not know what to say. The woman Bara-Bhur was not happy that soon he would be leaving them. He was the best Cook brat she had. She had pressed him several times if he was still resolute to leave when they arrived at Et-Novakar, and expressed that she wanted him for the girl Chaala. But she was just a small woman in a small troupe of dancers and singers. Her want did not matter. She was a small, nothing sort of a person; whose life left no footprints on the world. Not like a Warlord.
Dee-Ann like to practice his writing laying flat on his stomach on the floor, with the soft pink carpet tickling his skin. He leapt up while the Slave Ashar walked away and Naga came to escort him.
“No.” she said. “Your belly’s had enough surprise. Finish your sadsa. Then you can sleep.”
Please.
” Gabriel asked nearly dropped his glass of tea.
They left the village then, with a handful of new slaves chained to the tail of the snake and poked to walking by Obid’s sharp spear. When Todorok was behind them, Derubeis looked to Maeghara in fear. “You heard the Godspeaker Mega. Bloodshed rides the wind. Aaaiiiiiieeeee!!!! How bad have things become since we started our Caravan?”
“The God see you Dee-Ann.” Bennihime said smiling through lips smeared with dirt. Dee-Ann turned his back and walked away. He did not know why his fingers had picked out the bread and cheese, and thrown them at that slave. Give his food to a slave? Talk to a slave? Had a scorpion stung him to do such a thing? He threw his empty bowl in the dirt and sat down in the corner, far away from the merchandise; playing with one of the amulets at the end of his godbraids while he waited for Maeghara’s return.
"I ask only what you see in the future with your superior abilities."
“For murder!” Castiel countered.
It was a good thing she had her hands on his shoulders. He would have crumbled to pieces if she did not.
“Light see me Cassie. Where have you been hiding? That’s the worst kept secret in all of Et-Novakar.” He’d laughed.
have or be or do! He would be the God’s slave to do with as it wished.
“That was before another poor Harvest slut! Before two more village wells dried up! All the coin it cost to feed it? Am I made of money? Don’t you complain! When it was born I could’ve thrown it on the rocks! I could’ve left it on the Anvil!”
“Dreary thing isn’t it?” he said more than asked. “Why would he have such a strong attachment to such a sinister piece?”
"Fear not boy. I require only as much as would be your contribution to any birth." Misoorayah breathed, picking up a bundle of herbs and placing them in with the powder.
who had kissed Castiel first. Learning that Castiel
If he’d been a courtier he would’ve been long since married by now.
“The color green made you short?” Castiel said unable to keep from smiling at the look of conjoined horror and amusement Gabriel shot him.
“Had this miscreant harmed you?” she asked through gritted teeth, sneering at Dee-Ann whose head lolled on his shoulders as the Captain shook him violently.
“I tried. I’m sorry.”
He looked around frantically. His blade had obviously been taken. But there must be
“What will she do if she does learn the truth?” he asked.
“Tran I have already agreed to I’d pay you back for whatever costs we incur. Couldn’t we have gotten one a bit nicer than…this?” Castiel asked pressing his gloved hand to his nose. He didn’t relish the prospect of identifying just what the smell was emanating from the corner.
"Clever boy." Gord-Ahn said with an approving nod, then let out a sigh and his features fell again. "Though I assume the old crossroads bitch helped you finally put the pieces in place."
He sat patiently as Maeghara and Derubeis spoke of the road, of their travels. Maeghara spoke with the Slave Ashar and spent almost a full finger reading tablets and scrolls that had been delivered while they were gone. Some, she gave to Dee-Ann to read; and smiled when he did not make one mistake.
He wished he could go back and say no.
Gord-Ahn carried. Castiel felt as if he was locked in a cage with a hungry tiger. He didn’t shift his weight, instead he let his eyes drift to Dee-Ann. He was struggling again, but more subtly this time.
When she was finished, she pocketed the jar, and stood staring down at him. “Do you have a name?”
He did not take his time undressing Dee-Ann, lust and need were beginning to make him eager. Dee-Ann’s chest is a work of art as Castiel finally manages to strip it off. Dee-Ann was still freeing his arms when Castiel lunged forward to pepper him with kisses and take his pink nipple into his mouth. He smiled as he got his first taste of Dee-Ann’s body, tasting the salt of his sweat and that delicious, indefinable flavor that was completely and uniquely
!” Tran said openly crying now. “
But as he looked closer, he could see laundry hung out to dry on the upper levels of the moldering buildings. People actually lived here. He drew his head deeper into the hood. It was daytime. And none of these buildings were particularly high, but somehow, the street seemed to have a sense about it. Like the buildings on either side of the street formed together into a canopy, preventing the sun from penetrating all the way to the ground.
He looked where she pointed, and marveled how the Palace grew out of the hillside. He looked at the height of the Godhouse. Et-Banotaj Godhouse made Et-Haravelle Godhouse look small. Look nothing. Truly, the God loved the lands of Et-Novakar and Et-Banotaj.
“Pish you mean?” she asked. Did he? Guessing, he nodded.
He looked down the staircase but couldn’t hear any footfalls. That meant Kufu was in the storeroom. He cursed, looking around fitfully. He didn’t want to be caught out here, but he also needed to find a way to see what was going on in the storeroom. Under normal circumstances he had the protection of his own identity behind him. Sneaking in to the Guards’ areas this time of the night dressed as a Body Servant was a horse of a different color.
One the third night, they found a borough in a small clearing in the woods that was nicely shielded from view. There were high trees all around, with thick bushes and brambles all around them. It would have been cozy, with the fire and the stars overhead, were it not for the dreadful air of melancholy and anger that hung between them. Castiel fished in his bag and handed Dee-Ann the last of the honey cakes El-Don had made them.
“Well come on then.” She said turning and opening the back flap of the tent. “Let’s get you to a bath before you stink up my entire tent.”
They both looked at each other in confusion.
Tran was referring to the worst of the nightmares that Castiel had had. Roughly a month ago during the solstice. Castiel had woken screaming in the night. Godspeaker Kufu had been summoned and given him a sleeping draft, dismissing his dreams as being the result of too many sweet cakes at dinner. But Castiel knew it was more than that.
Dee-Ann shook his head. Bisla snapped his fingers at the other men, and they lifted him by his arms and dropped him shrieking and kicking into the water. It closed over his head, as though the God was swallowing him alive, rushed up his nose and down his throat. A haze as scarlet red as Maeghara’s scorpion flashed behind his screwed shut eyes. He thrashed to the surface, opened his mouth to scream but only water poured in.
“Silver.” Dee-Ann said, tossing the still steaming knife on the ground. Castiel swooned, his head feeling very light.
“Don’t.” He spat hard, desperate for Gord-Ahn to turn his focus back on
. There's only
“Behind you!” Dee-Ann yelled.
He gifted her with his widest smile. “Yes Maeghara. Thank you Maeghara.” He said.
The journey took the better part of an hour, and Castiel was utterly lost. He’d managed to sneak a few peeks out through he shutters, but Tran insisted it wasn’t a good idea. Evidently they were traveling deep into the Bone Slums. When Tran finally tapped on the roof of the coach, Castiel was eager to get out. Only to instantly wish he could get back in. The coach had hardly been luxurious, but it was nothing compared to what waited outside.
“What’s it like? Out there?” he asked softly. “Is it terrible and uncivilized?”
Castiel learns of a plots afoot, and shadwoy figures positioned far too close for anyone's comfort.
Things gradually returned to normal between him and Tran. And for that, he was most grateful. They resumed speaking like friends, and less like a Master and a Slave. However with this return to intimacies came another issue. As Castiel’s body continued to mature and to change, he began to notice things in ways he never had before. In particular the way that Tran had changed as well. At eighteen he was a proper man now. And a rather attractive one at that. He would never be a tall man, though from what Castiel understood this was not so very uncommon for his people. But his shoulders were broad and beneath the tight seal of his skin, his muscles were well rounded. His pitch black godbraids reached past his shoulder blades and his face – which still retained a certain boyishness in his features – was quite exotic with his catlike eyes.
“Honestly Gabriel don’t you ever throw anything away?” Castiel asked flinging himself into a plush chair gratefully, picking at a loose bit of fringe hanging off its armrest.
one who cares about this kind of thing. Mother has time only for her politicking. Not one of our brothers will do this for you. Our sisters?” he paused to laugh. “And Father is dead.”
(/*-*)/ ............. \(*-*\)
look.” Tran said miming Castiel horribly and finishing with a flourish of his fingers in front of Castiel’s face. Castiel nipped at his fingers as if he were going to bite him.
“Rumor has it we can be expecting more delegations in the coming months.” Tran said. “I heard some of the Servants whispering. The delegation is too small for a War Council. But apparently, several artists number among the new arrivals.”
“Forgive me.” Johdilia said sincerely. “I’m sorry.
“You know I speak truth.” She said pushing herself out of her seat. “Your mother survived this test when she was only a little older than you. But she failed to embrace the lesson behind it.”
“Please. She was the Captain of the Libertine. In the twenty years she managed to evade the stockade, she and her crew murdered, pillaged and raped a bloody swath from the Narrow Sea all the way to the Southern Isles….” Castiel trailed off. “Did you really find her journals?” he asked.
The woman hit the man again. So hard he fell to the pounded dirt floor.
“Say what? I am not what you want. What else is there to say?” he said flatly.
Dee-Ann gave a kind of whimper as Tessa whipped him forward and raised her fist.
“I would imagine because women with swords were chasing him.” Castiel said reaching out and putting his hand on Tessa’s elbow. She was taller than him by more than a head. “Now as I have explained….the boy may be trespassing but he hasn’t stolen anything and I am unharmed. There is no crime here. Please….stand down.”
He realized after a while that the girl Chaala was watching him closely. She was waiting for him to speak, and it was clear from her face that he had been silent for a long time.
“Tch! Tch! Would you disobey Maeghara?” Bisla asked rapping him across the shoulder.
a Godspeaker as though he were a common servant?"
Dee-Ann watched the fight leave the girl. “No mother.” She said, though it was obvious she bristled with maggot words behind her eyes.
Dee-Ann felt a strange coldness settle over him at her words. He wanted to ask what the woman was talking about but they were interrupted by the Princess Ananakiel appearing next to the fire. She was stripped of her armor and wore only a thick woolen tunic and breeches under a wide hooded cloak. She stood facing the pair of them, planting her legs and placing her hands on her slender hips.
"You left me here alone. And now...." he whispered.
Dee-Ann held his breath. He stared at Maeghara. Trader Rogiv’s pointing finger was a stab in his heart. “That one belongs to me.” Maeghara said. “He is not for sale.” She continued. In her voice was a warning not to argue. Dee-Ann felt himself melt inside. Maeghara would not sell him in Et-Haravelle. So she had told him, and so it was proved. She was Maeghara. Her word was her word.
“Fuck you….” Castiel hissed then without warning, he burst into tears, his chest wracked by deep shuddering sobs. “I’ve never kissed anyone. Never. Not
And I swear……I will never kiss Castiel again.”
“Oh dahling is it really so awful?” Gabriel asked whining. Castiel shook his hair out of his face feeling sheepish. He didn’t know how long had passed in silence. Long enough for Gabriel to have noticed.
look.
A distant twinge of emotion echoed in his heart as he crossed the cavernous floor of the Keep, looking up at the enormous chandelier on instinct as much as anything else. It hung like a snowstorm above him, seeming to glimmer like stars in the moonlight. Finally reaching the far end of the room, he made his way around the enormous throne to the small staircase behind. As a boy he’d played here. He and Gabriel had lost hours playing Sardines and Hide and Seek. But he hadn’t been anywhere near the Royal Apartments since his Father died.
*     *     *
He was precious.
“Mmmm hmm.” Tran affirmed. “I’m told Gabriel plans to join you after he’s changed just so he can show you he’s not speaking to you.” He continued with a smirk. It was usual for them – when they were alone like this – for Tran to forgo all pretence of protocol and station. Sometimes Castiel thought it was the only time anyone ever spoke to him like he was actual person.
“You have no idea what it was like.” Dee-Ann began, a verdigris of pain shadowing his features. “I keep seeing you…..” he said softly, his voice sounding very small. “….laying there. Your life was bleeding out of you and I was completely powerless to stop it.”
“You just did.” Castiel said to the back of his head.
it would make him. But he couldn’t think of one. His mind was blank sand like the Anvil. Who was he? He had no idea. But the Trader had named him hadn’t she? She had called him something. She had called him…….He tilted his chin so he could look at her green and gleaming eyes.
“As you wish.” Tran said with a shrug, following him out of the tub.
No shining Godstone to heal.
“Castiel!” Dee-Ann said admonishing him, his voice equally loud. “You shouldn’t say–”
“Never cross a woman with a scimitar.” Maeghara said. “Sell her a sharpstone instead.”
For his face he could do nothing. But his godbraids were another story altogether. He unwrapped the fabric from around his head slowly, careful not to jostle the silver bells dangling at the edge of each braid and making them sing. He allowed himself only a few small, jealous breaths; feeling the familiar weight of his beautiful godbraids falling around his shoulders and back.
“I am certain there will be some.” Said the Godspeaker. “Let us wait in the Godhouse while word is sent to bring merchandise for your inspection. I will make sacrifice for your arrival.”
Castiel frowned. He didn’t like the way El-Don was talking to him. But he couldn’t deny there was a kernel of truth in his words. However often and thoroughly Dee-Ann had sworn to him that his entire being had room only for the God……there had been moments when he’d wondered. When he’d let himself dare to
Maeghara was busy. She had Trader business. He knew from the slaves gossip how many Traders came and went upstairs.  She was a respected woman,  and many women came to seek her counsel.  Been a rumor that she had been summoned to the Warlord's Palace one day.  Everytime he missed her Dee-Ann closed his fist around his beautiful blue amulet.  He was lucky to belong to someone so important even a warlord sought her counsel.
Tran stopped next to a Godpost and seemed to be scanning the streets looking for something. Two empty coached rolled by, but for some reason Tran did not hail them down. Castiel took the opportunity to look around. They were next to a shop selling what looked like imported wood and leather items. His eyes were drawn to a particularly charming figurine of two lovers embracing, when Tran tapped him on the shoulder. Apparently he’d finally settled on a coach that was to his liking, and Castiel had to suppress a groan.
“Castiel?” he heard Tran say.
Hello my lovelies! I promise I'll wrap up this "side quest" and get us back onto the main plot as soon as possible. But I promise I do have a reason for taking this detour. Hope you are well! Enjoy!
Dee-Ann wasn't being at all rough with him, he was being so gentle and careful, he really was.  However much his trembling body suggested he wanted to bury himself in the body beneath him in a few hard thrusts, he didn't. He eased forward a bit at a time, slow and steady until finally, Castiel felt the hair above his cock against his skin and the weight of his stones against his buttocks. Hips pressed flush against Castiel, Dee-Ann clung to him like he was drowning. His face pressed hard into Castiel’s clavicle as he fought to keep control, to keep still, to keep being careful, even as his pulse thundered like a locomotive beneath Castiel' palms and inside his aching hole.
Waiting in his own chains, the crude iron links heavy and chafing round his wrists and ankles, the child watched the traders from beneath lowered lashes as they dismounted and stood in the dust and dirt of the Woman’s small holding. Their slender fingers smooth shining silk robes, tucked their glossy beaded godbraids behind their ears. Their fingernails were all the same neat oval shape, and painted bright colors to match their clothing. Green and purple and crimson and gold. They were taller than the tallest woman in the Village. Taller even than the Godspeaker, who must stand above all. They were the most splendid creatures the child had ever seen. And knowing he would leave with them, leave forever the squallor and misery of the Woman and the Village, his heart beat faster. And his own unpainted fingernails, ragged and shapeless bit deep into his dirty, scarred palms. The traders stared into the cracked bare ground with its whithered straggle of weeds. At the mud brick hovel with its roof of dried grasses badly woven. At the pen of profitless goats. And at the Woman, whose bloodshot eyes shone with hope and avarice.
“So you tell me….
you to go, but I also can’t ask you to stay. Not if it means you’ll be in danger.” He said hearing his own voice cracking with emotion. “I can’t have that on my conscience. I
“I’m not talking about gossip, I’m talking about you.” Gabriel said sharply. His voice was hard, and his eyes seemed to burn. “I know all of this….
to me when you said you two were
By the morning of the third day, Castiel was more than half convinced the apparition of the old woman had been a dream. And it comforted him.
– The ability to draw power directly from the God through the sacred spells and incantations inked directly into the skin of the acolyte to perform the God’s miracles.
A shadow fell over Gabriel’s face. There then gone. “She did was she always does.” Gabriel said with a small shrug. “She made sacrifice and offering until the godbowls groaned under the weight of her tribute. Then she crucified herself to the stone wheel for two days and let Kufu paint his jealousy on her back with the lash.”
Tran was another issue. In the days since Castiel had visited the Harrowspex, he’d grown ever more curt and even sulky. After three days of pointed sighs and cutlery being thrown around on plates, Castiel had had enough.
He might've imagined it. But it was almost as if a chill ran down his spine. And his skin let up with goose flesh.
The next morning as promised, as soon as the great gates of Et-Banotaj opened; the caravan of the woman Bara-bhur departed. It was not a great caravan. Only ten carriages laden with tents and ropes and all manner of things Dee-Ann had no name for. The company of dancers and musicians consisted of only thirty people altogether, among them the cook in whose carriage Dee-Ann traveled through the gates.
conversation that doesn’t lead back to the thrice cursed party?” Castiel said burying his face in his hand. Too late, he saw the look of horror and hurt flash across his brother’s face. “I didn’t mean that.” He added.
“To keep us safe.” She said with wide eyes. “Haven’t you seen a military checkpoint before? They are everywhere on the Queen’s Road. The Novakari Queen and the Warlords loyal to her have all dispatched warriors to keeping the peace on the trade routes. These warriors protect Traders and Caravans from being raided or robbed by bandits or renegade Warlords in this time of drought and hunger. Didn’t you see them on your way to Et-Banotaj?” she asked.
“I don’t see what other choices are available to me Gabriel. You may have noticed that my personal guard has been doubled.” Castiel said.
"But to make of him a consort for a Warlord Mega? A savage beast from the East? Aaaiiiieeeeeee!! I think you are demon struck to even think such a thing. You tempt the God to smiting." Derubeis said.
“What are those?” Dee-Ann asked, settling his eyes on strange, glinting bits of metal just visible in the bandage on Castiel’s neck.
He had to map out his next move carefully, trying to get his bearing of just where he was exactly in relation to the courtyard. They were still on South side of it yes, but these were the
“Light see me. Where are we Tran?” he asked.
“He’s scrawny.” She said with a sneer.
how both parties liked it.
Reluctantly, Dee-Ann put down the carved black scorpion. “I belong to Trader Maeghara.”
“I suppose it was bound to happen eventually Nunun.” Castiel said breathily. “
He had swallowed Castiel’s seed. He had taken his very
Castiel wasn't. The cock up his ass felt like it was splitting him open.
Sniffing against the cold, Castiel rubbed his hands together as he stepped closer to the huge stone fireplace that faced his bed. The fire had burned itself out in the night, but the servants always made sure there was a small pile of logs on hand. Castiel’s habit of reading into the small hours was rather well known throughout the palace, and he’d long since taken over the duty of keeping the fire burning himself. It didn’t seem fair to make some poor servant sit up through the night just to keep him warm.
“I shan’t have a repeat of what happened the last time we had a tribute sent to the Palace. By the time Amenadiel got through selecting his thrice cursed Groom’s Trussaud there was barely anything left.” Gabriel said scandalized.
Any and all information that seemed as if it might be valuable was meticulously added to the maps Tran had managed to secure for them. These had been stretched over frames and carefully hung in Castiel’s study. A pattern was sure to emerge once they had enough information. Castiel was sure of it. For the moment however, it seemed like a bit of controlled chaos. Tran had proven himself instrumental in helping Castiel make sense of things, as well as laying his hands on manifests and documents and ledgers that Castiel would never have managed on his own. A prince sticking his nose into the affairs of women was to attract the wrong kind of attention. But Castiel had seen for himself just how little attention people paid to a Body Servant moving about the Palace.
Whoever it was, they were less than twenty feet from where Castiel stood. She wore a cloak of some kind, that reached only to her knees; but the hood was pulled up to hide her face. From the state of her clothes, Castiel could only assume she was one of the peasants from the Gypsy camp. He watched as the figure – who seemed to be muttering to themselves – extended a hand into the Godbowl. His blood boiled. A
here.
"I well remember your dire predictions. Your lofty claims that a force powerful enough to derail the world had entered into our midst. Yet still we languish. None of your visions of gloom and death have come to pass. You speak with conviction, but your are dust before the God." Bobarak said staring into the flames.
“She’s a monster Cassie.” Gabriel whispered looking on the brink of tears. ““I have paid hatfuls of gold to any Trader, Sailor or Warrior that could give me some inkling of what this Li-Illitur is truly like…..And it seems the only thing anyone can agree on is that she delights in blood and pain and agony. And if such rumors are to be believed they excite her not only in battle but….sexually as well.” Gabriel said looking disgusted. Castiel felt his eyes fall closed of their own volition. He had read of such women in various books including the diaries of Anne Bonny who had described her cunt as dripping while she listened to the sound of her enemies dying.
you......” he drifted off. “......you are going to my ticket out of this wretched valley, and on to life of wealth beyond imagining.”
“We’ll be crossing the border tomorrow. But of course Chaala will be spending the night in Todorok Village.”
“Yes. Dee-Ann understand.” He said.
“I suppose I didn’t think you’d want to sacrifice even a moment that could be spent doing research?” Tran asked.
Dancing, the stupid tutor said; strengthened the body and made the heart strong. It kept the muscles lithe and supple.
“Who are they?” Castiel asked.
Just a stupid, stupid he-brat who understood nothing of the world.
That slave Bennihime had called him Dee-Ann. Had called him beautiful.
“If it was he certainly enjoyed it. As the story goes, the Warlord only found out about the entire sordid affair after the Bajadek lordling professed his undying love for our mother and flung himself to this death over the battlements.” Gabriel said bending to pick up some sheers and snip off a thread that was sticking out.
“And does the God desire to see us reduced to seven bronze coins and a single camel?!” Derubeis whined making a gobbling sound. “Aaaaiiiiieeeee!!!! You try me Mega. You try me sorely. I will barter next time.”
“What is it?” Castiel asked, his voice a little rough as he peered into the tankard. It was milky white and warm, but smelled strongly of alcohol.
offerings Trader Maeghara.” Said the Godspeaker.
Opening one of the little drawers worked cleverly into the underside of the table that bore his mirror, he took out the tiny bundle of silk which still held the ruined shards of the comb Tran had broken that day.
They made camp a finger before lowsun, and Dee-Ann went to work helping the cook prepare food. He watered the camels and cleaned all the tools before eventually sitting down by himself behind the cook’s carriage and eating his food. It was simple food, stringy meat and corn bread with a cup of sour-dry wine. But it filled his belly and that was enough. He kept a heel of the bread, with a bite of meat, and poured the last bit of his wine over it. This he placed reverently on a stone a little away from the caravan, piercing the pad of his thumb on the blade of his knife – which he still kept always tucked under his clothes – and squeezing a fat drop of blood over the food.
?” the old woman said, sliding out of her seat in one smooth motion, sending a heavy wave through the curtains of hair on either side of her face.
“Light willing!” Castiel said with a nod.
“Perhaps. Slaves too.” She said. He felt a prickling of fear. If she found a he-brat more precious than her……
“You wonder too much Rubi!” she hissed under her breath. “Hold your prattling tongue!
He looked up to see the old Truthsayer sitting in her chair again regarding him. And somehow, he realized that she had been sitting there all along. Dreamweaver indeed.
on either side of his head and his feet were starting to ache in his pointed boots. He motioned for the slave waving a large feather fan over him and his brothers to move a bit faster and motioned for Tran – the only Body Slave allowed to serve him in settings such as this – to bring him something cool to drink. No matter the best efforts of the Palace slaves, between the fireplaces, torches and just the sheer amount of people so closely gathered together; the Keep was stiflingly hot, and he could feel a slickness under his arms that meant was body was beginning to pump out sweat. The air was rank with too many different perfumes, not to mention the curlicues of incense bubbling down from the uppermost galleries. Castiel’s eyes were beginning to make water. And he blinked feverishly, desperate not to ruin the Mima’s creation. Tran appeared next to him.
“Perhaps later. But I thank ye for thinking of me.” The woman Bara-Bhur said around a thick swallow of ale.
Castiel felt the blood drain from his face. A
*     *     *
With a rush of panic, Castiel realized what he was doing. In the dark it would be much harder for them to navigate, and Dee-Ann was still tied to the chair. Castiel grabbed the nearest torch before Gord-Ahn could get to it, brandishing it in front of him like a sword. Less than a minute later, Castiel found himself plunged into near total darkness except for the torch in his hand and the light emanating from his tattoos. Next to him, Dee-Ann had finally managed to free both his hands and had moved on to his feet.
Castiel rolled his neck from side to side, feeling the little bones slot into place with a satisfying crack. After shuddering awake the fourth time from yet more nightmares that abandoned him upon waking, he’d given up; wrapped himself in his favorite shawl and poured himself a generous glass of wine. Walking out onto the balcony, he found himself staring off into nothing. Overhead, the sky blushed slowly; before eventually turning the color of an old bruise. As the night faded and slowly surrendered to the day, the city beneath him seemed almost to exhale. A thin breeze whistling in over the mountain. It sighed its way through the glooming balconies, courtyards and expanding pools of shadow linking the labyrinth of alleys that made up the cross section of areas surrounding the palace. The draft danced between buildings and through darkened hearths; releasing with it the smell of the city. Mortar. Pitch. People. Smoke. Even at this hour the market below still tasted faintly of a strange mix of burning oil, incense and too many different cooking fires. All combining to make the air taste of dank and rust. Like blood. Countless torches and gas lamps – strung across streets in every imaginable color – paper lanterns, painted signs and umpteen miles of ceremonial flags swayed heavily in the draft as they flickered. All swaying, groaning, creaking. Mourning.
"Of course. Why else do you think they are here? I have four sons who have just or will soon come of age. Light willing, I shall arrange suitable matches for all of you before the year is out. " The Queen said.
“You have your dapper friend to thank for that.” El-Don said with a wide smile, rising from his seat and picking up his basket.
“All I know is that you’ve been more….
“My brush with death…..” Gabriel repeated breathlessly. “It’s even a perfect title.”
Moving against the walls so he was under the windows and hidden from any errant blades of moonlight, he inched his way around the corner so he could stare down the length of the antechamber. He spotted them instantly.
“I swear before the God! I was only trying to make an offering!” the thief yowled as Castiel stepped closer. They were less than ten feet apart now. “I was paying tribute to the God that was long overdue. I swear it! I would never in my life steal from the God.”
Then he was breached.
“Welcome back.” He beamed when he noticed Castiel.
There was no time to ask for a pot of his own. Hot trickles were running down the length of his cock. So he moved away from the tent, hiked up the yellow robe Maeghara had given him and let his own water flow. Obid saw him, shoving the pot she carried to another guard and loping towards him with arms outstretched and teeth bared. He staggered backward, fingers clawed as he fell over his own feet and collapsed to the ground, scrambling backwards like a lizard.
“I mean…..don’t go promising away things you’d rather keep.” The man said and Dee-Ann flinched. So this was his ploy. He had been listening to Dee-Ann’s prayer. Aaiiiiieeeeee God! Sinful man. He sneered at him.
wrong! There must come a point where he would enjoy this, and he was determined to reach it! He'd fought for this. He'd told Dee-Ann he wanted it. He'd been fantasizing about it for weeks. He wasn't going to give up now. Gasping softly, Dee-Ann rocked his hips slowly back, pulling out and pushing back in with a soft, reverent curse of awe.
“Why did you have to be so wonderful?” Tran said sobbing.
“Thank you.” Castiel said, struggling to sit up a little. The moment he managed it however, he found his head swimming and a terrible wracking convulsion ripped through him. Within a second, El-Don was there, holding up a porcelain basin which he produced seemingly from nowhere. Castiel wretched and moaned for a few awful moments, before he rolled back heavily on the bed. With distaste, he saw that the fluid he’d brought up was pitch black and thick, not to mention bitter as sin. Next to him, El-Don covered the basin with a rag and set it down. He realized this must not have been the first time he’d done this, if only by virtue of the fact that the basin had been positioned right there.
“Since four godmoons.”
Dee-Ann waited Until she was completely gone before he allowed himself to breathe. "The God sees me. The God sees me in its eye. It grants me my prayers. It hides me."
“Thank you.” Castiel said. “I’ll see to it that he becomes one of Gabriel’s Body Servants. He might be eccentric. But Gabriel isn’t cruel. At least that way I’ll know the boy won’t be abused.”
In the end, the Caravan had been unable to move for three days, before a fist of Et-Novakar Warriors had found them. They too were traveling on the Queen’s Road to Et-Novakar. Dee-Ann smiled when he saw them, seeing the finger of the God pointing him on its way in the weak sunlight glinting off their skin and leather breastplates. After that they caravanned hard to remain with the Warriors. They navigated a treacherous mountain pass before they met a wall of snow that had filled up a narrow gorge. They made camp there for nearly a week while the warriors and the caravan hacked away at the icy snow and the Harrowing woman continued her strange blessings and sacrifices. The Warriors did not travel with a Godspeaker. Instead their ranks were filled with people unlike any Dee-Ann had ever encountered.
The Godspeaker turned. She walked away.T
. Unlike the Godspeakers who performed their miracles in service of the Light; little was known of what all Dreamweavers were capable. And while this mystery added to their legend, it also made them the subject of much distrust and speculation.
Rubi put down her own bowl, and rummaged through the leather bag that held her little bottles of leaves. “Best be safe than sorry.” She said, tossing Maeghara a small yellow pouch. Maeghara rolled her eyes, but she took some blue powder from the pouch, and dropped it into the cup and swirled. Then she tossed the pouch back to Rubi and handed the cup to Dee-Ann.
. There were tiny stone snake fangs as blue as they sky. Larger snake fangs in rocks striped green and crimson. Snake eyes of pale green crystal, of richest yellow and hot fire flame. Tiny clenched fists carved out of ivory, and ivory feet with a snake carved into their sole, to guard against fang strike.
Castiel felt his eyes stretch wide. Did that mean each one of these was.....
Et-Banotaj Warlord’s city was beautiful. Unlike Et-Haravelle, squatting like half a melon on a plate and skulking in man-made shadows; the city spread around the base of a towering hill which rose resplendent from the green growing plane as though the God’s own fist had punched upwards from beneath the earth.
As they walked Castiel could only focus on putting one foot in front of the other. Nothing else. He didn’t want to think. He didn’t want to feel. He didn’t
“Did I stutter?” Bara-bhur asked, her expression turning dangerous.
Trader Rogiv looked at the waiting slaves then turned and pointed. “Trader Maeghara, What about
“I should never have said what I did.” Dee-Ann said closing his eyes and frowning. “I wanted…..I shouldn’t have said it.”
Rather, it made him feel…..
And was free.
…..your God can have.”
Then it was Trader haggling, as the camels and slaves were sold. When it was over, and the Traders were gone to fetch for Maeghara the promised coin; Obid and the other slave began unloading the camels and packing all their goods into the empty cart. Derubeis supervised them for a small time, then returned to Maeghara.
born in the world could raise a hand to him.
Castiel’s eyes widened. So, this was not just any Envoy. She was a Princess.
Dean is fast approaching Et-Banotaj with the Caravan of Maeghara and Derubeis, and the world is becoming a less mysterious place.
“You can put that down.” She said swallowing, pointing her chin at his knife. “You’ve nothing to fear from me. In fact I’d wager you’ve never been safer in your life.” She added this last almost as if she was speaking to herself.
*     *     *
.” Castiel said, shaking an errant forelock out of the way before laying his cheek against Dee-Ann’s chest again. “I was afraid I’d wake up to find it had all been a dream….”
?" Castiel asked. At this, Gord-Ahn smiled.
"I will destroy it."
TRIGGER WARNING: This Chapter contains a brief description of dead bodies.
Castiel nodded.  So Gabriel had heard of his own fate as well.
The amulet seller was muttering and moaning, rocking in her seat. “
SORRY! SORRY! SORRY! SORRY!
“The Godstone sees the heart of those known to the God.” The Godspeaker said.
as he had available streaming into his tattoos. The air of the cave like room was split for a second by an impact like soundless lightning as force erupted from him in all directions. Castiel felt his tattoos light up, then a moment later his skin began to sizzle as his bandages caught fire.
Dee-Ann continue to learn more about the world beyond the Village in the caravan of Maeghara and Derubeis; and encounters for the first time just what the religion of Novak looks like up close.
"I did not see the need for formality. I already knew you would answer a summons, and here you stand." she said annoyed.
*     *     *
When he heard the Mima packing away his paints, Castiel opened his eyes for the first time. As had been the case before, he found he was jointly awestruck and horrified by the Mima’s handiwork. He looked nothing like at all himself. But even Castiel had to admit. The stranger who had taken in his place in the mirror was….stunning.
But though he was no longer inside him, Dee-Ann didn’t go far. He rested his head against Castiel’s shoulder, draping an arm over his chest and tangling their legs together. Castiel rolls him gently over onto his back, before pushing himself – a little stiffly – to his feet. He rinses himself with water from a bladder, using the tunic he’d worn that day as a makeshift towel to scrub his seed from his chest. He can tell he will be sore in the morning. But just the he felt as if he was floating. Grabbing a blanket from the tent, he tossed another log onto the fire before opening the blanket and settling down next to Dee-Ann. It’s obvious he is about to fall asleep. But Castiel find he can’t help himself. He steals another quick kiss, before settling his head on Dee-Ann’s chest, shaking his hair out behind him and covering them in the blanket. He groans in pleasure as Dee-Ann sleepily wraps his arms around Castiel, and falls asleep.
” Dee-Ann shouted. “Don’t say these things.”
“What is it you are waiting for me to say brother? I’m hardly the first man to suffer from an arranged marriage Cassie. It is just the way of the world. I do not foresee any great hardship marrying her. Light willing I’ll have children to content myself with. It could be worse.”
“Lesson one little demon….” She said untangling her fingers from his hair, to stroke the sharp line of his cheek. “…..raise your hand or voice to me again, and you will die never knowing the pleasures that await you. Do you understand me?”
“I wanted to have a few words with your Mima. And I thought we could have dinner together.” Gabriel said sweeping a wand of scented oil from Castiel’s private store over his chest and neck.
At the end of some streets stood a Godpost with a Godbowl at its base. Dee-Ann saw a Godspeaker dressed in brown linen and snakeskin empty the offerings from one of the Godbowls into a leather satchel slung over her shoulder. She was very young, her brow bound with a tiny scorpion shell. The slave Ashar bound his head when they passed her, so did Dee-Ann; after Ashar poked him with his elbow.
He smiled inside. He had given himself a name. And he wore no slave braid. He was as special as the slave Bennihime, gone to serve the God.
. He was clean for a start. What skin he could see was flushed from scrubbing. And bringing his hand up to feel his jaw, he felt nothing but smooth skin there. Even his hair – a little matted under his head from sleep – felt freshly washed against the pillow and spilling down his back. Working his hand under the bedclothes, he realized he was completely naked under the thick blanket except for the bandages. And giving his limp cock an exploratory squeeze, realized a little nervously that someone had definitely washed his everything. Even the hair covering his stones.
“Fair enough. So? Will you help me with my mother? Just until we reach Et-Novakar. After that we never have to see each other again.” She said. He sat looking at her for a long time. If he agreed to this, he was afraid he might be slipping the noose around his own neck. This girl was asking for his trust. But he had trusted women before. And it had led him to disaster.
Dee-Ann nodded. “Say it.” Castiel said.
In keeping with tradition to mark the official changing of the season, the Queen would sacrifice a white raven and feed it to the God.
had put there. Castiel thought Dee-Ann might fuck him and then still go. Thought that the gift of his body – of his kisses, his cock and his maiden seed – was not enough to make him stay. Dee-Ann wanted to gather him to him, but knew that he could not. He had taken something from Castiel. Something precious. He had hurt him. And the wound would not heal overnight.
He was beautiful in his face. He was beautiful in his body.
"Very good Dee-Ann. You have pleased me. Your progress pleases the God. We must speak of your future. You are sixteen now. Your flowering is upon you." Maeghara said.
But he didn’t.
“Ninety One.” Gord-Ahn said flatly. “Yes.......I remember.”
Before Castiel could see.
"Are you alright?" Castiel asked.
“Please. I’ve seen some of the books you have in that library of yours. And frankly, you ought to be ashamed of yourself.” Gabriel chuckled, waggling his eyebrows suggestively. They had reached the top of the stairs and stepped out into the open air. The walls around the Palace were very wide and in addition to spectacular views of the city, offered an almost unequaled amount of privacy as they walked. Their respective guards – while still insight – trailed a little ways behind them, which meant they could speak freely without fear of being overheard.
Castiel bit back his response. Gabriel and their Father had never been close. And it still cut deep that Gabriel did not miss him the way Castiel did. Not wanting to delve into the matter too deeply, he busied himself with pulling off his red gown and dropping it on a table in his dressing rooms. He crossed the room and gathered up his favorite shawl, throwing it over his shoulders with a flourish; before digging out his hair hand by hand; before flinging himself into the closest chair with a huff. Oh to be a fly on the wall in that old bitch’s chamber.
It certainly felt right.
No smiting hand to punish the wicked.
“No one has. Even the Southern women go their lives without seeing the face of their males, save their own husbands. They guard their men’s beauty fiercely so don’t get any ideas.” Tran said.
"You can't mean...." Castiel began.
“A raven from the High Godspeaker.” The voice said. “I was to put in your hands.”
Did that mean the God was not listening? Or had the God turned its back on him? Did the God listen to the prayers of a he-brat slave? Was he not fit to serve? Was Derubeis right? Did the God not see him?
Surprised, Dee-Ann realized he was sorry he would never see him again.
The God had made him beautiful, so when the God sent Maeghara to his village she had noticed him and saved him from the Woman and the Savage East. The God had made him precious, so Maeghara did not sell him like the slave Benihimme in Et-Haravelle, where the God had first seen his heart. The God had given him cunning, so when Maeghara had meant to make of him a slave, he had escaped and survived when the God delivered him to those trees. Now the God had sent the woman Bara-bhur and her daughter.
?” said the Gatekeeper, jerking her chin at Dee-Ann. He shrank from the Gatekeeper’s gaze. Her eyes were hot. They had no whites. They glowed yellow in the shade beneath the daggered city gate. Maeghara’s finger touched the small of his back.
He could hear the thrum of his own blood roaring through his veins as he scrambled around the gnarled godpost; jutting out in front of him at an angle that would neatly have skewered him if he hadn’t seen it in time. Every fresh breath cleaved at his lungs like a jagged razor. But he knew he couldn’t afford to slow his desperate pace. He silently cast his eyes heavenward as he tore through the darkened, almost labyrinthine tunnels and caverns of the old mine.
The Reverend Mother smirked. “He is a cautious one Kufu.” She said in a voice that reminded Castiel of a blade on a wetstone. Her words were tinged with the remnants of an accent, but Castiel did not know from where.
“It is a wonder you are both still alive.” El-Don said with a hint of admiration. “Though I think there are some things you have
.” She said lifting her eyebrow appreciatively.
“I am certain of Maeghara.” Dee-Ann told him soliciting more shocked noises from the watching slaves. He looked at them sideways feeling contempt. Goat people. Bleating like goats. Huddling like goats.
“That was very stupid little boy!” Gord-Ahn growled grabbing a fistful of Castiel’s tunic and bringing their faces close together.
“AH!” he said sharply feeling a stab of pain at his chest.
Dee-Ann looked back unwavering, before pointedly driving his eyes away when Maeghara came out of the Godhouse with Derubeis and the Godspeaker.
He didn't know just what was different about the one until his hand clasped it. His hand didn't light up. His heart didn't leap. Rather it was the opposite. There was something.....safe. Something familiar. Like being wrapped in a warm embrace. Or a smelling a favorite dish. It was home. Love.
While the aqueducts that fed the city of Et-Banotaj from the rivers in the surrounding valley were still visible, the area was covered in green grass and tall spindly trees. There were flowers growing on either side of the road and herds of cattle could be seen grazing. As they moved further from the city however, Dee-Ann could see that the browning he had heard Maeghara speak of with the Godspeaker years before, had only continued to spread. While his child eyes had been unable to see the bareness of the earth – still looking through the eyes of the barren Savage East – he could now see that the earth was more brown than green, and water flowed down in rocky basins from the mountains in streams that still dreamed of being rivers.
"Twenty gold dragons." The Harrowspex said.
mouth?! The waste!”
“Maeghara?” Dee-Ann asked sounding uncertain.
Just a quick heads up so there's no confusion.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come along then!” a female voice called loudly from the outermost room of his chambers. He recognized it instantly and all but leapt to the door. “You ain’t no use to no one standing there gawking at yourself.”
“They say what I have said already…” Maeghara answered. “We must caravan hard to Et-Haravelle city. Sell the merchandise there and seek the swiftest way home to Et-Banotaj.”
Maeghara said nothing, raising her hand to still stupid Derubeis. She motioned for Dee-Ann to turn so he did.
“The God showed me.” Said Dee-Ann sharply; his furious green eyes never leaving Castiel’s. “Every newsun and highsun Godspeakers walk across this courtyard and into this building. They enter with baskets that are full and leave with them emptied. I knew there had to be a Godbowl in here somewhere.”
“Light see you Joh.” Castiel said amicably, noticing her gaze drifting over him a few times as she took in the sight of him.
Castiel’s warm and supple form was still resting on top of him. He breathed and smelled the perfume of his hair. He moved and he felt some part of him. There was nowhere where they weren’t touching, from the tangled mess of their legs and feet, to their bellies, their chests…..their cocks.
He smiled a touch cruelly. It was almost too easy, guiding the conversation in the directions he wanted it to go to eek out whatever nuggets of gossip or knowledge Castiel needed. A carefully worded question or comment – all under the auspice of either ignorance or surprise on Castiel’s part – had Gabriel offering up nuggets of gold. The only problem was having to feign interest in the rest of it in order to collect it.
