him!" John exclaimed, wobbling his mug in enthusiasm, "I've–I've actually heard of Gabriel Peters!" He was surprised enough to show his genuine excitement, even though he had only just promised himself in the kitchen while making the tea that he was going to give Sherlock a taste of his own grumpy medicine and show complete and utter disdain for everything that Sherlock said for the rest of the day. However, he had made this promise to himself before - it never lasted very long.
Greg smirked at him a moment later as he sat back down and put the new toast slices he’d just got from the toaster into the little tea-towel covered basket on the table. “No, I was thinkin’…" he said, "y’know, like Judi Dench?…James Bond?’
The pulling of the crackers was another masterpiece in family engineering. It was overseen by Lucia and Siger, who had clearly had plenty of experience before in coercing and instructing their sons into something resembling some sort of festive spirit. John was quietly impressed with the non-confrontational way Siger tackled Mycroft, and Lucia tackled Sherlock, and together they achieved the required task. Lucia and Siger also both made enough noise of animated delight to more than make up for Mycroft and Sherlock's disagreeable silences. Agatha certainly wasn’t silent though, and chattered on relentlessly to Lucia and Siger - and to Mycroft and Sherlock occasionally - whether or not they ignored her was of no difference to her at all. Amused by the whole scene, John turned to Agatha and cheerfully offered her his cracker. She needed no such encouragement with the cracker-pulling as the Holmes boys did - she was naturally much more exuberant. She took the end immediately and offered him hers in return. John looked around the table, saw that everyone had someone to pull their cracker with, and grinned.
It wasn't a trick, was it? He set you up on a bloody date…with me! And look how that turned out? …A total disaster!” he said the last three words softly, teasingly. He grinned and moved closer to stand right in front of Mycroft, turning quickly to dump the nearly finished cigarette neatly into the ashtray-beer-can between them.  Now he had both hands free and so he slid both his empty hands simultaneously up Mycroft’s defensively crossed arms to his shoulders. “Look what he's done to you,” Greg said softly. “‘Ain’t this terrible?…” Greg was grinning now, his hands beginning to move soothingly up and down to stroke Mycroft’s upper arms. “…Set you up a date with a hot copper who really bloody fancies you…” here he leaned in and lifted his chin to kiss Mycroft’s set and stony lips. “
smoke, but suddenly, watching Gregory enjoy his cigarette, he really wanted one now. He was torn between watching from a distance and appreciating the way the soft sunlight shone on his tanned skin, and getting up to join him.
he thought. There was something fiery and hot burning in his belly and he realised with amazement that it was a combination of lust, love and an exuberant, total joy. It was happiness. Pure and simple. He watched Sherlock laughing and wanted to go over there and do it all over again. God, the man was
legal or above board," he continued, "to which he responded with some more quite eloquent curses; lots of
“Oh, I just did!” John snapped. “Just that - to get you back. Because I knew you didn’t want to tell me and you were being a such a dick about it. I wanted to make you swear in retaliation.
- in most ordinary people’s opinions, at least - this was Sherlock they were talking about, and she had clearly long accepted as ‘normal’
And John had thrown him a look and smirked at him in a warm, familiar way, and Sherlock's heart had emitted a single, sudden, hard beat. And that had been strange.
John was trying to lift the thick wad of papers in the drawer to look underneath without getting them all out, but there were too many.
Gariella paused for a moment and looked at them, each in turn, gathering her story. “That’s better,” she said, meaning her facing them both at the same time. Then she settled back on her seat and started. “—My brother was already massively in debt by the time he was just beginning to get a name for himself in the art world..." She paused and looked at Sherlock. “Do you remember the news about the Turner Prize in 2013? It caused a huge sensation as it was won by a complete unknown.
much closer, but before he could voice that sparkling little gem of common sense, Greg leaned in and up and kissed him. Lightly, just a first press of his lips against Mycroft’s, closing his eyes to feel the sensation, and so Mycroft closed his own eyes - at first, simply experiencing the feel of Greg’s soft lips against his own, and then Greg’s warm hand stole up to the side of Mycroft’s face and held him there gently and Mycroft was just...
“Yes, I did!” he said, standing up from putting his mince pies in the oven. “And that damned Zsa-Zsa nearly had my eye out!" He laughed, but somewhat nervously, John thought.
he snapped impatiently, letting go, and John obeyed immediately, releasing Sherlock and rising up with difficulty to kneel awkwardly between Sherlock's endless legs and unbutton his shirt as quickly as he could. As he did so, he stared down at the sultry and seductive mess that Sherlock had become.
Sherlock had said, feeling his heart break as he said it, and while he respected John's decision, it didn't mean he had to like it. Mary was surprisingly tolerable, he had developed a grudging respect for her, even, but she stood solid and squarely between him and John.
Sherlock said nothing, holding his hands behind his back and waiting patiently for the denouement. She put her brush down carefully again into the little furrow on the easel,  making a decision, John thought.
But Sherlock was onto something, John could tell by the way he suddenly began a slow building and enthusiastic appraisal of the scenery, her choice of subject and the quality of the light. He was pretending to be a fellow artist. John watched him and listened to what he was saying - talking about paint types and obscure scenic landscape artists like he was a fellow of the Royal Academy. There was truly no end to the man's talents, John thought with an involuntary smile. The smug annoying grumpy git was simply amazing.
Well! It's taken me over a year (15 months!!!) to write and publish this. Must be some kind of record? It is 5k+ words of Mystrade morning-after fun though, so hey! Enjoy! ☺️
"I think it's just a muscle and joint strain to the spinal joints of your upper back and the base of your neck, and some minor abrasions, here and here," John said. As he said the words,
Greg grinned at him and then he reached down and took Mycroft’s hand. “It’s not much tidier upstairs, I’m afraid,” he said, and turned to lead the way.
He nearly opened his mouth to speak, to ask if Sherlock was sure about this before it was too late, and before they would never be able to calmly go back to how blind they had both been, but as he looked openly back at John, Sherlock thought,
“Oh, hang on, you ‘aven’t heard the best bit yet...” warned Greg, and then he grinned and revealed the punch line. “...It turns out it was only a bloody nudist beach!”
“I’d imagine so. It certainly looks it!” said Mycroft, as Greg stuck the cigarette back in his mouth and returned to briskly rubbing both his arms at once, trying pretty ineffectively to keep himself warm whilst also keeping most the smoke going outside. Unfortunately, the smoke was having other ideas. “Bloody hell,” muttered Greg in irritation, and he opened up the balcony door fully and stepped out onto the balcony.
The elegantly defined muscles of Sherlock's shoulders and back were...distracting John somehow. He put his hand near Sherlock's uninjured right shoulder, high up on his upper arm, to steady him, and again, like before when he had touched Sherlock's face, he was aware of something changing in the atmosphere of the room. They so rarely touched each other - it was as if the room was holding its breath. Sherlock's right shoulder was very warm under his hand. 'Get a grip!' thought John, and he mentally shook himself. 'Do what you're supposed to be doing,' he thought firmly, and he pressed carefully, decisively, just above and then just below the reddening at the base of Sherlock's neck. John concentrated on making the steadying right hand do its job - be steadying and solid, while his left hand - the palpating hand - palpated and examined Sherlock's back effectively all around the reddening and the abrasions, feeling the muscles and what was going on underneath them. He checked all the ribs, asking various diagnostic questions such as, "Does this hurt?", "Does this?",  "How about here?" and Sherlock's answers were mainly in the negative.
he claimed. John wondered who he needed to phone so urgently on New Year’s Eve at 7 o’clock, but didnt ask. Lucia heard him though. She stuck her head around the door of the kitchen, sighed audibly in exasperation and said, “Oh, go on then! But hurry it up!” She was clearly in charge here, and no one else pressed it, so Mycroft disappeared gratefully once again into the study next door to the sitting room, and quietly but firmly shut the door on them all.
John cried out as he finished. As the shock waves slowly began to spiral down, John opened his eyes and looked at Sherlock and found Sherlock was watching him with a look of intense focus on his face. ‘He was doing what I did,’ thought John, ‘watching me at the moment of release.’ Sherlock let go of John's cock slightly but kept his hand where it was. John smiled, a little embarrassed at his enthusiastic and very vocal release. He loosened his own hold on Sherlock. “Er…well…” he began, and Sherlock smiled.
Sherlock had learnt a lot in his long absence from John, but he could not find a single word or gesture that would make any of this alright. So he sat, watching John and waiting to know what to do, when John just covered his eyes and looked down at the floor and took another deep gasping breath in. And when he let it out, it came out as a broken sob. And then another followed, and then another. And then his face crumpled like a child's, and he buried it in his hands and bent his body slowly forwards till both his elbows found the support of his bent knees, and he leant on them and began to weep.
Lucia was fiddling with a small blue plastic item that had clearly come out of her cracker.  “Now, boys,” she said smartly, without looking at them.
John tried to think and answer the question. It was an odd request, but no odder than most of Sherlock's odd requests.
Even better, so was Mycroft’s - especially after seeing Greg look at him like that. “Do you see something you like?” he asked nonchalantly, and as he spoke, he gave a knowing smile, leaning back slightly against the kitchen counter in a blatant and unashamed come on. If that wasn’t enough, he kept the smile and lifted one eyebrow; Roger Moore style.
and after a kaleidoscope of emotions had passed across John's face, John had settled on deeply hurt and furiously angry - deeply hurt by the terrible, terrible lie that Sherlock had told him, and furiously angry that Sherlock didn't seem to
barked Agatha in response to John’s question. She slapped her knee and reached out for her glass. “Thanks, Sigs,” she said to him, lifting it. She turned back to John. “When Lu-lu and Sigs used to have their dinner parties, and the boys were little, Sherlock
John squeezed his hand. It fitted firm against his own like their two hands were made to fit together. 'You and me against the world,' thought John, and now he really smiled, because Sherlock, who was still watching him, smiled back and asked, “Now what?”
He had to give Sherlock something to let him know how he felt, but he couldn’t, even then, say what he really,
“Mother, he’s a doctor and an ex-army surgeon, not a veterinary nurse,” growled Sherlock, returned from the pantry and back leaning sulkily against the worktop.
Sherlock looked out of the window for a moment and then up at the interior of the cab roof. Then he said quietly, “I thought the screaming was you.”
“Sherlock, I love it, thank you,” replied John sincerely, and he put one hand onto to Sherlock’s shoulder and leant down to kiss him. “Almost as much as I love you,” he added when they separated.
he murmured, and spilled himself in three hot waves between their thrusting fervent stomachs. John was overwhelmed - with everything, with the sight, the feel, the heat of Sherlock coming in his hand, at his touch. He couldn't hold back any longer - didn't want to - and as Sherlock finished, a rumbling moan deep in his throat, John's hand slowed on Sherlock’s cock just as Sherlock's tightened again on his own. “Oh
"No," he said to Sherlock, standing at the window, watching him. John loosened his hold on his cup of coffee carefully. "No, I...didn't scream," he said cautiously.
He felt a building surge of pure amazed joy, and of a strange liberation; the stark incredulity that this was
He took a deep breath and let go of Sherlock to rub his face and wipe his eyes on his sleeve. As John released him, Sherlock removed his own hands from John's shoulder and neck and then he stepped back, respectfully, watching John, waiting to hear what he had to say next.
He turned his head so his mouth was directly next to Gregory’s ear, noting how wonderful his hair smelt. He leant closer, taking his time, and as he spoke, he allowed his breath to deliberately fill the pale, waiting whorl of Greg’s ear in three hot and powerfully whispered syllables.
In the dining room, Agatha sat straight down in her place, avidly admiring the table display as she did so - just as John had earlier - before immediately reaching for the open bottle of red wine on the table. She poured for John and then herself without offering it to him first, and John just smiled, let her pour and didn't argue. It would have been hard to anyway, she was still on about the pugs at the time. (One of them liked to eat carrots and lick chair legs, apparently.)
going to repeat, John, but I believe it has connotations with Berkeley and hunting, and then he suddenly heard you talking in the garage downstairs with his insipid daughter-in-law and he instructed me firmly to
she barked at them. John could hardly believe his eyes. He spluttered a bit with laughter until Mycroft and Sherlock both turned to glare at him - whereupon he struggled to control it. He felt like he was back at school.
Intrigued, he frowned, put the rest of the stuff he was holding down on the sideboard, and picked the note up, opening it out to read it.
John returned his look, but with difficulty. “Only if you're directly quoting someone else. Like when I first met you and you said people normally tell you to piss off. Generally, you
Clarissa nodded dumbly, “We were based at R.A.F Mildenhall for ten years, from when I was nearly two,” she said. “Those two photos were taken there!”
John stood and breathed for a while, saying nothing, staring at their two empty chairs, and Sherlock, at his back, saw his anger, his fury, his rage and then finally his heartbreak rolling through him in violent waves as he stood there silently, unmoving. Then John went over to his chair, pulled it back gently, and sat down in it carefully. Like he was fragile, like he might break.
said John, jerking back in surprise, and he didn’t know what he had been expecting, but he truly had not been expecting that. He looked at Sherlock, who had his poker player’s face on.
He glanced back down at the note again to take in the contents properly. “Jesus Christ! You forged a note from Greg to invite Mycroft to meet him?!
“Mmmm,” replied Sherlock, holding his violin and bow together in one hand and running a thumbnail up and down a natural groove in the wood at the edge of the window frame in a way that suggested he had done it many times before. John looked around. It was a very neutral bedroom, plainly decorated with white bedlinen. “Whose bedroom was this?” he asked.
need to stop for a minute an’ all…things are getting pretty fuckin’ close for me…listenin’ to you moan…havin’ you in my mouth…” He leaned back further, looking up at Mycroft, his hands both loose now on his own thighs, his shoulder blades resting against his bed. “You’re so fuckin’ tall and slim and lovely,” he said seriously, almost awe-struck. Then, simultaneously, he lightly jerked his thumb and head behind him at his bed. “I want you on this bed ‘orizontal now so I can lie on you and feel you against me. Get them trousers off.”
There was a tiny pause and then Sherlock asked, “Are you offering me a massage?” still standing with his back to John, still looking around at him over his shoulder.
Question: What did it mean when what seemed like a random thought or irrelevant collection of words someone had spoken wouldn't go away?
Siger didn't answer this, instead he quickly put his phone away and said, "Ooh, Aggie, did you get those chocs? I completely forgot to ask!”
John; half undressed, with his jeans and pants shoved down loose on his thighs, and pressed up tight against Sherlock, both of them hot, sweating, and post-orgasmically high, almost shouted with laughter.
“Not to me, it doesn’t,” said Greg. He confessed, sort of. “I knew you were Sherlock’s brother before we spoke…I’d heard a lot about you…And anyway, I like a challenge…” he grinned widely as he said the last sentence.
The Dairy Milk bar, on the other hand, had come straight from the tiny corner shop at the end of the road.
Later,  John laid on his side in his bed and leant up on one elbow. He was looking at Sherlock lying next to him. Sherlock Holmes naked in John’s bed was as startling and out of place as a cat on a beach at midnight and John really couldn't look anywhere else. “So…what…what are we, now?” John asked, leaning over to stroke Sherlock's hair away from his eyes. Sherlock paused before he answered. A certain sign that he was going to tell the truth and that he wanted to consider his answer carefully before he gave it. “I don't know,”  he replied, after a moment. “I've never been here before, so I've no idea what we are, but I know that I want it.”
then he added, “I’m tryin' to recruit John. He used to play university rugby - was pretty good, by all accounts…or so he says.” Message sent and duty done, he put his phone down on the tea tray and reached for his very fragrant black coffee.
In the centre of the room sat a small wooden coffee table with a mosaic tiled inlay, and in the far wall, a set of leaded-light French doors lead out onto the garden via a pebbly little path. These doors were partially obscured by a verdant hanging basket positioned just inside the doors, with ivy fronds, dangling green unidentified stems and some ferny plants overflowing down almost to the floor. Suddenly this living curtain swayed to the side as one of the French doors opened to admit a woman who could only be Clarissa.
have to do, but…luckily he’d already managed to text the Icelandic P.M. while Greg was out, and say he’d been unavoidably detained, and could they make it a lunch Skype instead, so he would really need to crack on soon.
Mycroft glanced up at him and smirked elegantly, arching an eyebrow. "Oh! Well! My, my, don’t let me spoil your fun!” he said tartly, with a massive dose of sarcasm, “Here’s your opportunity to prove yourself!" and he held the puzzle out to Sherlock.
"He didn't want to murder me, John, just rough me up a bit and threaten me. He knew straight away I wasn't who I'd said I was, but of course he didn't let on. He thought I was a private investigator. He said he was going to 'throw me in the freezer to teach me a lesson'...The
he thought, ignited with a fire that was far from holy. Greg started slowly, but then went to town on the length of Mycroft’s long, pale neck, and Mycroft quickly became unable to repress the sound that was forming in his throat any longer. As Greg’s left hand swept up from Mycroft’s hip to his waist, and then slowly up his long back, the other that had been on his face slid round into his hair - Greg’s fingers curling delicately to caress the base of his skull - Mycroft experienced the surreal feeling of being encased by Gregory Lestrade and he could no longer stop himself. His mouth fell open and now he did actually moan softly.
he thought. This was getting worse. John felt like he had been very childish about forcing Sherlock into a corner, and now he was paying the price of his tit-for-tat. Now Sherlock knew something else was up with him but he couldn't quite put his finger on it.
"We've got them. Queen Street multi-story carpark, floor level 2a...We're at the Carpenter's Arms end of the High Street," John replied.
vaguely heart-shaped for Sherlock, it was their first Valentine’s Day together—but then a thought struck him - Sherlock, earlier - surely
Agatha was overjoyed. “Oh, he ate it alright! And as many cheese biscuits as he could reach!” She guffawed delightedly, sipping her sherry. John flicked a glance at Mycroft just in time to catch him smiling at the memory, before he realised John was looking at him and immediately controlled himself.
he said, rather amused. This was not behaviour that Mycroft normally indulged in, but quite suddenly he felt freed from all the usual obligations of his customary behaviour. He found that right now, he didn’t actually care about what was normal for him and what was not.
He smiled at John, who was still stroking the cat’s head as she rubbed against his leg. John grinned at the name. And the theatrics. “Nice name!” he said, approvingly.
Greg, in his turn, loved making his friends laugh. He would work out their sense of humour quite quickly and then simply key into it. Sometimes it took a while, but it hadn't with Mycroft. Mycroft he had found as easy as pie. With Mycroft, Greg had soon realised, he just needed to be himself.
Greg was instantly electrified by the command in Mycroft’s voice and he obeyed immediately. “It makes me wonder what it would be like to
gesture. Wide-eyed, he jerked his head back in annoyance and made an expansive quick flare of irritation with both hands. God, Sherlock could be annoying.
like Mrs. Lestrade’s handwriting…?” Sally said, thoughtfully, looking down at it pointedly. She raised her eyebrows and looked at him without lifting her head. Greg snatched the envelope and stuffed under the paperwork pile. “Look, haven’t you got work to do?” he shot back, but he was smiling.
a lovely arse…” moaned Gregory appreciatively from behind him, right on cue. His voice sounded like it was coming from higher up than the floor suddenly, and Mycroft turned his head to see he had indeed come up from the floor to sit on the edge of his bed. Nervously, Mycroft turned back to fully face Greg, now wearing nothing but a smile, and he covered himself discreetly with one hand. If there was anything more undignified than being naked apart from your socks, it was being naked with no socks and a massive erection waving about. Greg, of course, was unperturbed. He had stripped off his own socks while Mycroft had been undressing, and now he stood up to take off his trousers and own underwear. He kept Mycroft’s gaze as he slowly undid his own belt and flies and stripped off his trousers, and Mycroft watched Greg’s striptease just as avidly as Greg had watched his.
laugh, but before Lucia could answer, Mycroft came into the kitchen from the garden, in a gust of freezing air and also in a scarf and his father’s borrowed Barbour jacket. He was clutching a large handful of rosemary and the kitchen scissors. John thought immediately that he looked as guilty as Sherlock had. He went straight to the sink to wash his hands and then rinse the rosemary.
When Mycroft had brought him back in the plane after Moriarty's broadcast, he was, at first, only glad again that he had not said the words that he had so wanted to say on the roof, the words that had been in his head and his heart on the terrace at Appledore, the words that had been in his mouth just moments before, on the runway. Having not said those words meant he was able to come back and carry on. If he had said them, he would not have been able to, he could not have done so. Not with Mary standing there, fecund and glowing and so full of the evidence of John's choice.
Sherlock took the last sip from his cup. John was deliberating whether it would be rude to take the last half of scone and he almost reached out for it, but then decided not to.
it.” He gasped the last few words in a rush. “Feel free to...ah...you can say it again...if you like?” he offered, almost hopefully.
“What are you saying, Gregory?” Mycroft asked, pink cheeked, het up, more gloriously dishevelled than Greg had ever seen him.
“I don’t think this one’s just a flesh wound. This time it is my heart after all,” said Sherlock, and though his tone was deadly serious, his smile widened.
you looked somewhat familiar!” The penny had obviously dropped. Then she turned the other way and looked hard at John. “And
Greg padded downstairs naked and was back up again almost immediately with the nearly empty - and rather worse for wear - packet of cigarettes in his hand. Mycroft had already drunk more than a third of his tea while Greg was gone, and as he re-entered the room, Mycroft leaned across and replaced the mug on the tray for a moment's break. Greg sat down on the edge of the bed, his back to Mycroft, his feet on the floor - as Mycroft lay back down on his side behind him, head resting up on one bent elbow again. His mouth was pleasantly hot from the much needed perfect tea. He was warm in this lovely bed. His vision was filled with Gregory Lestrade’s naked back. This was….
Rosie took the cigarette into her hand and place it inside her mouth. It tasted awful right away but she inhaled on it anyway. She began to cough violently and held the cigarette away from her. Karen made to take the cigarette back but Rosie pulled her hand away.
“I don’t think so,” Mr. Green looking up at her. “I want you to write an apology letter to her. Maybe that will make her feel better.”
Sherlock shook his head at that thought. There was no way he was going to be able to take it without lube. No amount of training would ever make that possible but he knew there was no point in arguing with his wolf.
The bunny started to open his mouth to object but quickly snapped it shut. A hard cramp was hitting him. It felt like his whole stomach was turning in on itself. He quickly reached a hand up to rub his stomach. He stayed locked in that position until the cramp passed.
John felt awful for his lover. He knew what he to be done and he had to ignore Sherlock’s cries. Sometimes it was hard not to give in to his whining. Yet, he knew what was best. Sometimes his little bunny needed discipline.
“I know,” he said slowly sliding it forward. “It’s got lube on it. It isn't all that bad but I’m sure it stings.”
He was worried about her too. She had picked up on a few of Sherlock’s bad habit. She tended not to talk about things and just held everything inside.
Sherlock was sobbing as he tried to pull himself up. To his surprise, the wolf reached into the freezing water, his wide palm splaying across his chest and helped the bunny onto his hands and knees. He was only forced to stay there a few more moments before John turned off the water.
He was a bit scared of the idea but he couldn’t help but feel turned on. He was willing to let John do anything he wanted to him. He knew it would hurt but he trusted John not to do any damage.
The three of them lay locked together for what seemed like an eternity. After an hour the bunny let out a sigh of relief as he felt the two knots deflate and slip from him.
John moaned pulling his fingers out. He lubed up his cock and placed it at Sherlock’s entrance. The bunny began to painfully whimper as he was filled. John gently put his hands on Sherlock’s arms pinning him to the mattress. He didn’t want their lovemaking to hurt his bunny more than it had to. He leaned forward and kissed him.
Sherlock spread his legs eagerly as John headed over to him. He already looked slightly uncomfortable due to the butt plug.
The bunny didn’t bother to argue anymore. He simply rested against his lover and sobbed heavily. After Greg full slid into him the trembling bunny cried silently and wordlessly and both canines grunted with pleasure. They stayed still for minutes to let the little bunny acclimate to the incredible stretch. After a while the pain started to lessen. Neither of them was moving.
“I love you, Sherlock,” he said pushing the floppy ear out of the way. “You’re willing to try and that’s more than I can ask. I’ll be in the bedroom.”
Sherlock cried out in pain as a cramp hit him. He just wanted to empty his body out, but the plug was in the way. It was locked inside of him. It wouldn’t allow him any release from the cramp.  He was trapped. He loved it so much. He loved up giving up control and seeing what John was going to put him through.
John didn’t prepare him as much as he normally would have. He wanted to see Sherlock struggle to take the toy inside of him. He picked it up and slowly started to insert it. The toy was metal, so the extra weight was going to be a little more intense for his lover.
"It’s a bit dry,” John said as he fought his way through Sherlock’s tight muscles. “Do you need more lube?”
“Almost done,” John said lustily, his voice and eyes were dark and hungry . “Let Greg finish. Only two more.”
Yet, she knew it wasn’t the same thing. Her parents had talked to her about drugs a few months ago. She knew how dangerous they could be.
“I actually wanted to talk to you about something,” Rosie said not wanting to waste the few minutes that they had.
Sherlock moaned in pleasure as he felt his fluffy tail being gently pulled and rubbed. It helped to distract from the pain he was in. He was experiencing never-ending pain. It felt like someone had his guts in their hands and was squeezing with all their strength.
An uncomfortable silence fell between them. Sherlock wasn’t sure of what to do. He felt like he needed to get away from the creature but he couldn’t. He tried to move his feet but he couldn’t. It was as if he was stuck in place. The strange wolf had his eyes fixed on him and was licking his sharp teeth.
“It’s a big toy,” John warned. “I’m going to start putting it in and I’m not going to stop until it’s all the way in. If I feel resistance I’m just going to push right through. So I need you to relax.”
The bunny closed his eyes and let his ears flop over his eyes. His face began to flush a pretty rosy splash as he took more and more of the metal probe. He shook as the tool slid fully into him. The wolf patted the smooth, white ass cheeks before he turned on the thermometer and pushed a few buttons.
was the keyword. Rosie would get addicted to the pills at some point and her parents would find out. She would tell me where she got them and all eyes would turn to her. Their friendship would end.
John had something planned. He knew Sherlock would hate it at first but he would let him do it.  He loved everything he did to him. He growled as he watched Greg start fucking him hard and fast. Sherlock threw back his curly head and shrieked. He was clutching the sheets for everything he had.
John reached down and placed a hand on his bunny's stomach. He could feel his stomach churning away. He desperately needed to go to the bathroom. He knew he needed to distract his lover.
He reached down with his broad calloused hands and gently lifted the bunny’s fluffy white tail. He rubbed the soft mound in his hands, and then spread open the soft pale ass cheeks. He groaned deeply at the puffy pink prize, he then rubbed the tender little hole.
John dark eyes narrowed as he turned his eyes on Sherlock. He knew Sherlock had done nothing wrong. The poor bunny looked as if he expected the wolf to jump on him and rip out of his throat. He was trembling slightly. Yet, he felt threatened. Another wolf had come far too close to his bunny.
She was leaning against the wall clearing tears from her eyes with her shirt sleeve when she heard the restroom door swing open. She quickly tried to get a hold of herself. She really didn’t want anyone seeing her crying.
She had tried smoking and was acting differently. He couldn’t really place it but something was off with her.
Sherlock yelped in surprise as John drug him off the couch and onto the floor. The wolf forced the bunny flat on the floor and laid on top of him. He put his hands on Sherlock and held him tight to the floor.
Most eyes were on Sherlock as he walked into the party. Of course, most people wouldn’t dare of approaching him with his wolf on his arm. John was far too big and scary for many to challenge. Once in a while, another large wolf would make eyes with him but he had never actually flirted with him.
“Stop fighting Sherlock,” John warned. “You’re tightening up. Relax right now or I’ll get the bigger nozzle.”
With that an no other warning, Sherlock suddenly felt a sharp smack strike his upturned ass. He squealed loudly at the painful impact.
“I promise I’ll check you every half an hour and keep you clean,” the wolf promised. “It won’t be that bad. You’ll be asleep.”
John rolled Sherlock so he was on his side. The two cuddle up against each other. The doctor reached around and took Sherlock’s cock in his hands. He gave it a few delicate strokes. Despite all of Sherlock’s screaming, he was hard as a rock.
“Are you ok?” she asked rushing to Rosie’s side. “I saw you run in here and it looked like you were crying.”
“Next time you sneak laxatives into my coffee make sure you throw the box away,” the bunny whispered.
The bunny let out a cry as he began to rock on the cocks insides on him. A wave of pain shot up his spine but he didn’t care. He wanted to make John proud.
Sherlock was starting to feel dizzy and his world was starting to spin. Despite the pain the dildo was causing him he couldn’t his stop his approaching orgasm.
“I’ll get you some,” John said gently rubbing his lover’s back. “Do you want it in a glass or a baby bottle?”
“Come on,” John said hanging the enema bag up. “Don’t be a cry baby. I’m going to fill up your tiny insides. You’re going to hold it for a bit and then release. We do this every week.”
Rosie was glad she didn’t have a lot of homework. She had a paper to write for science class but it wasn’t due for a few days. She had plenty of time to get it done. Maybe this was just what she needed; a family night  out to get her mind off her problems.
Sherlock tried not to show the flood of pink that rushed to his cheeks thinking about having to wear a butt plug along with the chastity belt. John liked pushing dildos and plugs inside Sherlock at times, but usually, it was to prep the bunny for sex or to keep John’s come inside of him after stuffing his hole with it. Rarely did John make him wear something for too long.
“Come on Sherlock,” he said patting the pillow. “Lie down. I promise I won’t let anything bad happen to you.”
Sherlock he no idea what he was begging for. He didn’t know if he wanted it to end, have an orgasm, and more water. He knew if it ended he wouldn’t have his orgasm. He knew the more water he took the more intense the orgasm would be but that also meant the pain would be more intense.
Rosie knew she was falling behind in math. That night she finished the work she hadn’t finished because of Luna. Then she had to do her regular homework and study for a math test. The advanced math was a bit too hard for her but she didn’t dare say so.
The bunny wanted to beg him not to. His was trembling from the embarrassment of what was getting ready to happen. He did everything he could to relax. He was in a situation he couldn’t do anything about. If he just relaxed it would be over so much sooner.
Rosie had Marcus’ thoughts on her mind the rest of the day and the next morning. She was what disappointed to see Luna standing in front of the school with she arrived. She was glad to see her girlfriend was there but that meant she wouldn’t be able to sit with other friends.
Was she really going to skip class over this? She’d never skipped class in her life. She was going to have to get over it. If things really were over with Luna she wasn’t going to be able to skip Creative writing forever.
John removed his fingers and stood up from the bed. He was going to bring in some water in case they needed it. Since it was Sherlock’s first time chance of him overheating were high.
John growled with delight as he let out of his mate’s curls. Sherlock’s head flopped forward and his fluffy white ears fell over his eyes. Shame burned through him. He was getting ripped apart. He shouldn’t like it.
Karen didn’t say anything as Rosie drug her out of the cafeteria and out into the courtyard. She couldn’t imagine what had gotten into her new friend. It was only when they were out of ear shot of any other students that Rosie spoke.
“That’s a good little boy,” John said wrapped his arms around his lover. “Use lots of lube Greg. It’s going to hurt him already. I don’t want to damage him.”
“No,” Rosie said shaking her head. “Don’t feel like that, please. This is all Luna. She’s just too sensitive.”
“Sherlock,” John warned. “You know the rules. I’ve already spanked you for being bad. You know what happens if I have to spank you twice for the same offense.”
“You’re a good boy,” John said gently running a hand down his back. “I hate this but I’m willing to do it for you. Good boys deserve rewards.”
“He came home yesterday,” Karen explained. “He’s been locked up for a month. I was so excited but...he just ignored me. I missed him so much and he didn’t even give me a hug.”
Despite his illness, the bunny noticed John was carrying a small shopping bag. No doubt his lover had something that would help him. It couldn’t be medicine. They had plenty of that in the flat and none of it had helped.
He stayed still while Sherlock whimpered and cried. When the thermometer beeped John reached forward to claim it.
Sherlock let out a gasp of air as the belt was removed from this throat. His whole body felt limp. His wolf leaned over and kissed him softly on the cheek.
to be spanked. To be used, fucked and filled. John’s already hard cock became raging steel at the sight of those plump mounds jiggling so delectable! As a wolf, John grew up with other wolfs, men and women wolves, and they all had decent butts, but they, like himself, had butts that were much flatter compared to bunnies, and most especially, Sherlock’s. There was nothing like the perfectly round ass cheeks of his bun-bun.
Sherlock tried to focus on letting his muscles relax. FIghting it just made it so much worse. He wanted it after all. He loved taking his wolf’s massive cock. He just didn't feel comfortable taking it in front of all these people. What choice did he really have? He might as well enjoy it.
John did like to bite. Sometimes he broke the skin, but he never did any damage to his bunny. It would kill him if he hurt his friend.
His bunny began to cry out in pain as the knot swelled. The pleasure would return once he had accepted the position he was in; once he accepted the knot inside of him. A burning stream of cum coated his tender insides.
“She didn’t ask Karen for cigarettes,” he said. “Karen is a smoker. I could just smell it on her when I picked them up.”
After dinner Rose went up to her room to work on her homework. John and Sherlock started to clear the table and wash the dishes. Well, John did. Sherlock stood against the table staring off into space. He seemed to be in deep thought.
Just as his body was starting to enjoy it pain overtook the pleasure. His stomach was starting to churn. It felt as if he needed to go to the bathroom. He suddenly knew what it was John had given him. A laxative.
Normally, the man would have started with one finger but he couldn’t go that slow. He needed to get inside of his petite bunny’s hole as soon as possible. If he didn’t he would lose his mind. The bunny whimpered deliciously as his fingers slid in deeper.
That was why he gave him a light spanking every day no matter what.  It didn't matter if he had already got spanked that day. He needed a reminder of who was in charge. As soon as he was up from his nap he would get a wooden spoon over his backside.
John smirked before putting the handle of the wooden spoon in his mouth. He licked his way up and down it. Once he was sure it was coated with saliva he lined it up with Sherlock’s hidden hole.
By the time Karen left to catch the bus Rosie had smoked two cigarettes. She shared the first one with Karen but had smoked the second one by herself. Once she got over the initial taste they were actually really good.
Tears began to fill his eyes as his body was overwhelmed by the sensations he was feeling. The cramps weren’t backing off. They were starting to turn into one long pain.
The wolf added another finger, and another, quickly pistoning them in and out of the delectably sweet hole. He couldn’t stand this wait but he even in his desperate wolf state he knew if he didn’t adequately prepare Sherlock there would be no way he would survive taking his giant cock during a near-rut. Eventually, as Sherlock became a writhing, keening mess he finally withdrew his fingers. He coated his throbbing hard erection and lined it up Sherlock’s hole. He put his hands on Sherlock’s hips and gripped them on. His bunny always put up a fit of a fight when he first put his cock in. He knew it was a lot for his bunny.
John smirked walking over to the bed. He placed a hand on Greg’s shoulder. The fox stopped moving and looked at John with a questioning look.
Sherlock trembled under him as he slowly pulled out. His walls were so tender and sensitive. He cried out in discomfort as John pushed in hard. It was only on the third repeat of this motion that John hit his prostate.
The teenager removed one of the pills and cupped it in her hand. She set the baggie down on the sink. Her body was trembling as she looked down at it. It was so strange that something so small could cause so much trouble.
Sherlock didn’t care. He got a spanking every night before bed no matter what. Bunnies were prone to going into shock from rough treatment. When they had first started having sex John was extremely worried about hurting him. He started using a rather large thermometer on him to make sure his temperature didn’t spike. The probe was five inches long and one inch in diameter. At first, Sherlock had cried and begged him not use it. John insisted on using it a lot. After a short time, he began to love it.
“No,” he said shaking his head. “I want you to sit flat on your butt on the floor. I want that toy pushing into you. I don’t want you to forget it’s there.”
He needed to follow John’s rules. He wanted to make sure John understood he was safe. John would always satisfy him in every possible way, but if John brought Greg back well he knew he would welcome taking both their knots again.
“It’s going to be alright,” John said. “I’m going to give you something to help you sleep. I want you to take it, drink your bottle, and get some sleep.”
Rosie's tumblr blog. Feel free to interact with it any way you want. https://screechingpuppypeace.tumblr.com/
Oh well. He should have expected that. The bunny whimpered when he realized the dildo was still inside of him.
It was too late however. He starting crying heavily as he tried to pull away from the two canines. He cried out in bright pain as the feeling of the knots stretching him, splitting him wide open, fucking deep inside of him. The bunny couldn't help trying to thrash away from the violent pain-pleasure.
“We need to check your temperature,” John explained setting the thermometer on the bed. “You know bunnies can go into shock easily.”
His body locked up as another orgasm rocked his body. He curled up in a ball as his body felt completely drained.
John made a face as soon as his daughter sat down next to him. She reeked of cigarette smoke. He glanced at Sherlock across the table. He wasn’t looking at him. He was already looking at his daughter with a raised eyebrow.
The bunny began to twist and rub his stomach harder. It was so intense. It felt like someone was ripping his insides out.
Sherlock let out a surprised yelp as the cold water hit him.  John was raining freezing water down on him. He began to shake almost right away. He wasn't used to taking cold showers.
His little bunny was already shaking as he climbed onto the bed and got into position. The wolf wasted no time snapping the cuffs on.
“I heard Mrs. Warner talking about them,” the girl said when she saw the look of disbelief on Rosie’s face.
They were betting on him. That sent chills up his back. Shame flooded the little bunny at the mere thought of what was going on. All these people were watching him get fingers jammed up his butt.
Rosie assured Karen that everything was alright between the two of them but she needed to focus on her math. She turned her phone off so there wasn’t any chance of being interrupted and tried to focus on her work.
He had thrown a fit about eating dinner again. Normally, John just would let him get away with it but it seemed the wolf had other plans. He needed to make sure his little bunny was eating. He had ordered Sherlock to go to their room and wait for him.
He started to get a bit scared when John started to smile. His lips twisted up and his sharp fangs became visible. He gripped Sherlock’s arms harder and then drove his cock in all the way. Sherlock squealed and arched his back off the bed.
“I know it’s confusing,” the doctor said gently rubbing his back. “It hurts and feels so overwhelming but you love it. You love the feeling of the warm water filling your insides.”
The wolf yanked his bunny back down. Hard. Tears were flowing down Sherlock's pretty pale face. The second slam hurt worse than the first. He let out a wail of pain and gripped onto John’s large shoulders. His fingernails cut into the wolf's skin.
“No,” John said with a growl of pleasure, petting his lover’s fluffy hair. “You don’t want me to stop. I know it.”
Sherlock blinked rapidly as he took in the sight of the shimmery silver device John was holding in front of Sherlock’s narrow hips.
He opened the lube and squirted it onto his fingers. He spread Sherlock’s cheeks and resting one of his wet fingers against his tight entrance.
As he pushed the toy inside he pulled hard on the belt. Sherlock cried out in pain as he was filled. His hands flew up to touch the belt around his neck. He gasped hard as it became harder to breath. He felt like he was being tore apart and he couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t even tell John how much pain he was in.
Sherlock let out a cry that was a mix of pain and pleasure as John drove his large cock inside of him. The bunny wrapped his legs around his lover and pulled him in closer. He brought his foot up to gently play John’s bushy tail. His toes touched the edge of the butt plug lodged within the wolf. John gave a small cry of pain. It hurt every time the toy shifted inside of him.
John was tired after a day at work. He just wanted to sink into his lover and release all his tension. His tail curled against his back as he walked into the sitting room. Sherlock was sitting on the couch reading a book. His floppy ears blocked his eyes slightly, but he didn’t seem to mind.
Rosie watched in shock as her friend lit her cigarette and began to smoke. She had never seen anyone smoke before.
“I was just making conversation,” the other wolf said, trying to act casual, clearly not eager to get into a fight with the broader, stronger wolf, yet not quite willing to give up such a pretty quarry as the young bunny. “Don’t worry.”
“Two more goes,” John promised as his knot began to deflate. “And then I’ll let you take a little nap.”
The bunny whimpered as John removed his hand from his cock. The wolf picked up a small glass measuring cup from the counter. He had it there just in case he needed it. He quickly began pouring it into the bag. He wasn’t much but it would cause his bunny some discomfort.
A brief moment of sympathy made its way into John. He didn’t want to take Sherlock dry. Even though the bunny had done it in the past he knew it was hard on him. It wasn’t something he liked doing too much or when Sherlock was already stressed.  He meant to immediately plow Sherlock as soon as possible but a new idea took hold of him.
“Of course,” the wolf explained. “You were bad. I know it hurt but you need to learn to trust me. Fighting me always causing you more pain. You must learn that.”
He began to struggle harder as John went faster. He was sure he was bleeding! He could feel the sting of a tear inside of him. He was sure of it.
“The head is barely in,” John said snapped. “Stop being stupid. You’ve taken much bigger toys before. My knot is way bigger.”
He placed the bowl and the regular thermometer on the bedside table. He wanted it in each in case anything went wrong.
When he returned home he found his bunny lying on the couch. He was lying on his stomach using his laptop. He glanced up with a happy look on his face.
“It’ll only take a moment,” the doctor said. “Then I’ll take it out and we’ll do something more fun.”
The wolf didn’t budge as he thrust deep inside of his bunny. He bit down a little harder as he started to pick up speed. This was
“Fuck me,” Sherlock said pulling his legs tighter around the wolf. “Rip me apart. It’ll help you forget about it.”
He sat the flannel down on Sherlock’s upper back before checking on the thermometer. He hit the reset button. He went back to washing Sherlock’s body with the flannel The pair sat quietly until the device beeped.
A cramp hit him right away. He took a deep breath and pushed it the rest of the way in. The cramp eased off as his body accepted the invasion John picked up the second one and pushed it in. Another cramp hit him. It was worse than the first.
Sherlock knew why he was annoyed. He’d been yawning all morning. John had ordered him to take a nap before heading off to do some grocery shopping. He hadn’t even tried to take a nap.
John placed his hands on Sherlock’s sides as he got into position behind Sherlock. The bunny gave a nervous whimper as John’s massive 12” cock pressed against his small hole. The wolf growled at the noise. He loved it when his bunny was so submissive.
"Soon," John said gently patting his stomach. "Soon you will birth my three children. You're strong baby. You can do this."
John groaned thickly. Sherlock insides were wet, so wet, so smooth-tight-soft, the resisting flesh just barely yielding under the blunt force.
Rosie felt unsure as she walked into history class. She knew the drugs were helping. There was no denying it. She could focus on her work and felt amazing. Of course, she knew it wasn’t good. She was doing serious damage to her body.  She knew it but she didn’t care.
“Your dad has to work this weekend,” Sherlock explained. “Besides it’s ok to change things up once in a while.”
Those who reach out to her have a chance of being included in the story. Make an account as a student and have fun. I don't believe you need an account to see the blog and read it.
John took a deep breath before he started to push it. He took a little force to get it into Sherlock’s light entrance. His bunny took the pillow into his mouth and bit down hard. He was already panting.
“It’s in baby,” he said picking up the belt. “I’m going to start moving it. Trust me. If you try to get away again you’ll be sorry.”
“No!” Sherlock said shaking his head. “You can’t! You could really hurt me. You’re going down but you’re not down far enough.”
“Not a problem,” she said. “Thanks a lot. Come on, let’s get those fish sticks before they’re all gone.”
The next morning Rosie was a bit slow to get ready for school. She had taken her violin out its case to clean it and had left it leaning against her dresser. It was only when she lifted the empty case that she noticed it was missing.
She leaned over and opened the window a bit. She reached into her pocket and pulled out of a pack of cigarettes and a lighter.
“Alright,” she said allowing him to put her books on her desk. “I’m happy you’re studying but everyone needs sleep.”
That was all it took for Sherlock explode in his hands. The cum leaked out over his fingers and coated the sheets.
Sherlock nodded letting his floppy ears fall down over his eyes. He knew John meant that. He wasn’t going to give him any mercy. He willed every muscle in his body to relax.
The little bunny walked into the room holding the gest thermometer Lestrade had ever seen. He set it on the coffee table before kneeling in front of the couch. He got on his knees and clutched the piece of furniture in his hands, round plump ass presented to both of the larger men.
John knew he needed to check his lover’s temperature. He was getting warmer and starting to get too excited. The doctor could feel it.
Rosie wasn’t even sure she was going to take the pills. Would they really help her? Karen had sent her a text telling her not to expect anything for the first half an hour or so. Due to that Rosie took the pill right before she went down to dinner. By the time they ate diner, the pill would be kicking in and she could study.
For a moment Greg wasn’t there. He could feel his cock lodged inside of him but emotionally he wasn’t there. It was just the wolf and bunny locked together in a loving embrace.
To his surprise, his bunny was already asleep. He walked out of the bedroom closing the door behind him.
John took a seat in a chair by the bed. He could see his bunny’s pretty face as he was taken. It would be interesting to see it from this angle. He wouldn’t be distracted by his own pleasure. He could fully enjoy watching Sherlock’s face twist with pleasure and pain.
Karen promised her seven pills for the twenty pounds. She knew that was only a week’s worth if she kept taking it every day. She only got ten pounds a week for allowance. It wasn’t nearly enough to keep buying them. Perhaps she would have to cut it down.
Rosie watched in wonder as Karen smoked. The smoke looked so beautiful as it flew from her mouth. It made long swirls in the air.
Rosie decided to use the chance to sit with her other friends. She noticed her friend Marcus sitting with a group of kids she didn’t know. With her tray in hand, she walked over and sat down next to him.
He knew he wasn’t being fair. He hadn’t prepared him properly and no doubt the detective knew that. John kept pushing the toy forward making him take each inch. When he was about halfway in he met resistance he couldn’t get past.
John lowered the pair of pink lace panties Sherlock was wearing. The thin material slipped down his long thin legs and settled around his omega’s delicate ankles.
“We make her do the dishes for a few days,” John explained. “We go easy the first time and then we get rougher.”
At lunchtime Luna always wanted the two of them to sit alone together under the apple tree in the courtyard. When the weather was too bad to go into the courtyard they would choose a table in the corner of the lunchroom.
The fluffy bunny felt like he’d been submerged in ice. His body was trembling uncontrollably. He couldn’t hold himself up on his hands and knees. He fell to the floor of the tub.
John felt nervous about what he was getting ready to do but he knew he could do it. His little bunny was ready to take his knot. The wolf knew it hurt his lover. He would cry, scream, and beg for it to stop. Yet, he would take it and he would love it.
Math! She had forgotten about that work she didn’t do. Oh well, she had to make up some excuse for her teacher. She never turned work in late. Maybe she wouldn’t kill her.
“Luna,” her male friend said nodding. “I know she’s your girlfriend, but you really have to think about yourself sometimes. Maybe it would do her some good to sit with sometimes.”
The wolf “borrowed” a thermometer from work. It biggest one they had. It was five inches long and an inch in diameter. It was rarely used due to its size. It would work great for Sherlock. It would get him used to taking something of considerable size before he was fucked.
“You love it,” John said as his bunny began to moan. “You love the pain. You NEED the pain. That’s why you chose me. You knew what I could do for you. No tiny bunny cock was ever going to take care of you.”
John hit him lightly but quickly. He didn't want to drag it out. The poor bunny had already gotten a hard spanking that day.
Sherlock nodded and sat up. He didn’t bother with lube as he got into place above John. He was soaking wet inside. He lined up and started pressing his slim body down. He screamed as the massive head first split him open. John held his hips in his wide hands and slowly pressed the bunny onto his throbbing hard member. Sherlock was quaking as he took more and more of John’s massive cock inside of him. He whimpered high into the air as he was filled. So full! So deep!
Rosie and Karen headed up to her room right away. The young Holmes was dying for a pill and wanted to show her new friend her video games. Rosie dumped her bag on her bed and dug out her pills. She quickly took one before flopping down on her bed.
The wolf took one of the flannels out of the water and began to gently wash Sherlock with the cool water. The bunny soon began to relax under his touch. He was slowly and carefully rocking against the cock lodged inside of him.
The library was in a separate building on campus. Getting there required crossing a small garden and going up a flight of stairs. Rosie paused when she spotted someone sitting about halfway up. Karen was sitting by herself looking rather depressed.
He quickly jumped up and ran to the bedroom. The wolf chuckled as he watched his pet run off to the bedroom. The little pale creature seemed desperate for sex. That was just the way that John liked him. The wolf took the time to quickly pull down his pants. His rock-hard cock jutting up instantly. He wanted to be ready for his little bunny when he returned.
John dipped one of the flannels into the ice water and soaked it. He pulled it out and squeeze the extra water out. He brought it down to Sherlock's back and began to gently rub his skin.
“My little bunny is going to take two knots,” John said. “Greg and I are both going to fill you up.”
“I’m sorry to do this baby,” he said lowering Sherlock’s pants. “I know you’re sick but that is no reason not follow my medical advice.”
Sherlock started fighting him right away. He tried to move forward and away from the offending object but John held onto the handcuffs hard. The detective let out a cry of frustration.
Sherlock began to sob and his body began to shake uncontrollably as he felt John explode inside of him. He was pulling on the restraints as hard as he could. It was a wonder they were able to hold him.
The wolf shut the door behind his friend. Despite the fact that Greg had asked for this he seemed very nervous.
“Sherlock was worried,” he explained when saw the confused look on her face. “I told him it was nothing.”
Sherlock whimpered as John's deflating knot slipped from his body. John smiled as he felt his bunny limp to the bathroom. They had so much planning to do it.
“Good boy,” John rumbled deeply as he slammed his cock in and out, deeper and deeper down Sherlock’s esophagus. “Taking everything, I give you. Such a slut. So sensitive. You fucking love the pain. You love how I hurt you, dominate you.”
Sherlock cried out as he let his body relax. The large cock was claiming him and pushing in deep. It felt so long. Like it was never going to stop filling him up.
John looked up from his book to see Sherlock standing in the kitchen. He wasn’t wearing a nappy. He had changed it out for a pair of pants.
Rosie looked up to see the teacher waving her into his office. She didn’t want to but she had no choice. Running away wouldn't make anything better. She walked into the office shutting the door behind her.
Rosie opened the back door and climbed inside. Sherlock and Apollo were waiting inside. Of course, Karen knew who he was. Everyone knew who he was but she had never met him before.
John thought about giving his lover some space. Should he be so hard on him when he was carrying his pups? Yes. He had to. He had to keep his bunny in order.
“Just take one at a time,” Karen said as Rosie put them in her pocket. “If it feels like too much cut them in half. Don’t get carried away Rosie. LImit yourself.”
“Don’t make me spank you,” John said setting the box on the bedside table. “I don’t want to but I will.”
Everything was going well with the sitting arrangement for about a week before trouble popped up. Of course, Rosie knew it was only a matter of time. Luna could be so difficult sometimes. Of course, Rosie knew she wasn't too blame. She couldn't help the fact she had social anxiety. The two of them were sitting with Marcus, Karen, and a few other friends when it happened.
“How cute,” the wolf said baring his teeth. “How do you handle him anyway? You look so small. You must be an amazing fuck.”
To his surprise, Sherlock pushed back taking another two inches inside of him. He let out a long cry, it was more a squeal. He was shaking terribly.
The bunny quickly returned to the sitting room with a bottle of lube in hand. He quickly began to cover John’s cock with lube with both hands. He put his legs on either side of John’s broad lap. The wolf reached down and took hold of his hard cock to help guide it in.
When Sherlock gave a rather intense muffled scream of pain around his cock that sent John over the edge. He exploded inside of his lover’s mouth. Sherlock struggled to take it all as some of the liquid leaking out of the corners of his mouth and down his chin.
Rosie couldn’t help but glance at Karen. The embarrassed look on her face told her that Luna had been right.
John growled forced his knot through Sherlock’s tight walls. His body was taking his knot despite his unwillingness to. The bunny began to fight the wolf harder. The large wolf had no problem holding his lover down. Tears were flowing down his cheeks as John’s knot was fully locked into him.
“So tight!" John snarled as Sherlock's smooth wet insides clenched around him "Feel good?” The wolf asked his bunny, gripping Sherlock’s small hips in a bruising hold. There would be large finger shaped bruises there all week. John couldn't wait to see them.
She hoped the pillow would hide the noise. She didn’t want her parents hearing her. They would want to talk to her about. That wasn’t really a bad thing but she didn’t want to talk to them. She just wanted to cry. She didn’t think she was capable of making words.
His lover seemed to be deeply engrossed in a novel, but Sherlock knew better. John wasn’t even moving his eyes. He was just staring at the black and white print.
Sherlock closed his eyes as his body tried to accept the massive erection forcing its way deep inside. He could feel his insides burning and stretching as they were opened up around the invading member. The erection gave his prostate constant little nudges. Pleasure mixed with pain as John impaled him down further on his thick dick.
Sherlock knew he had a choice. John wouldn’t make him do it if he simply walked away. Yet, he knew he wasn’t going to walk away. He deserved the punishment. He hadn't taken a nap when he was supposed to. John had simply tried to give him an ice shower and he couldn't handle that.
The little bunny didn’t mind the spankings. If Sherlock sat down with him and told him that he didn’t want the spankings anymore he would never raise a hand to him again. Of course, that would
“I need to run out,” John explained. “I need to go get something that would help. I want you to drink your bottle and try to sleep. Be a good boy for me.”
He knew it was a good idea. He could wear it and take a sleeping pill. The sleep would do him go and he wouldn’t have to worry about waking up in a dirty bed. Yet, he couldn’t allow it.
“Harder!” Sherlock pleaded through his high pitched sobs. “Please! Please put my small bunny body in its place.”
“Why can’t you just do what you’re told?” the large wolf demanded, keeping an eye on the thermometer.
“That’s a good boy,” the wolf encouraged. “Take it. Don’t think about the pain. Focus on the feeling of the metal as it slides into you.”
Karen smiled at her friend even though she had a pit of guilt in her stomach. How could she give Rosie those pills? What kind of friend was she? She tried to push those thoughts away as she followed her friend back into the cafeteria.
Heat! He could tell heat when he saw it. He was a doctor. What the hell was going on? Sherlock had never gone into any kind of rut or heat before.
It seemed to work. After a few minutes, Sherlock released the pillow from his mouth and relaxed his head against it.
He pushed his head into the pillow to scream and moan, and tried to focus on the little pleasure he was feeling. He tried not to think about anything else. John couldn’t last that long. He was too horny to last long. But John still had the stamina of a stallion. After twenty minutes of deep, powerful thrusting telltale signs of the wolf near coming began. Deep low animal grunting filled the room. John began to thrust so hard Sherlock was sure he would tear him inside. Then he felt it. John was coming inside of him. His fat knot was swelling up inside of him.
“Stop pulling on your ears,” the doctor said. “You’re going to hurt yourself. Maybe you need a proper spanking.”
Sherlock didn’t retire to bed until well after midnight. He knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep. He was too worried about Rosie.
John sat down between Sherlock’s leg and picked up the thermometer. He quickly lubed up the device and placed it at Sherlock’s entrance. He smiled as he started pushing the probe inside. Part of him was excited about seeing his lover struggle to take the device. He knew it wouldn’t do any damage.
A high-pitched moan slipped from Sherlock’s pink full mouth as John’s thick fingers brushed his prostate.
“Forget the thermometer during your spanking tonight,” John grunted. “That isn’t bad enough. I’m going to force two tablespoons of Castor oil down your throat. I’m not going to mix it with anything. You’ll gag but you’ll drink it.  Then I’m going to plug you and leave you tied up. Then when you’re begging to go I’ll spank you long and hard. Maybe I’ll even cane you.”
Sherlock knew that if he had to be spanked for the same offense it wasn’t going to be good. He would be tied up and given ten strokes from a cane.
The bunny cried out as an intense orgasm rocked his abused body. Despite the pain of the knots, he found himself fucking back against them. He wanted them! He wanted the pain!
He only waited for a few minutes before John walked into the bathroom. He was holding a small bag in his hand. He knelt down next to the bathtub.
Sherlock smiled at her as she settled down in the seat.  Karen was overwhelmed with a wave of guilt as Rosie introduced her. She had given that innocent little girl drugs. She had pushed her girlfriend away. No doubt her new friend was suffering because of her.
The bunny spit out the blanket as he felt John’s knot began to swell. It was far bigger than ever before. It felt like something was going to tear. An unbelievable pressure was building inside of him.
Sherlock whimpered in pain as the cockhead finally popped in. No matter how many times they made love the wolf's long cock always felt massive inside of him. John lifted his hands to place his hands on Sherlock’s smooth flanks. He carefully eased bunny down.
It wouldn't hurt would it? She had her math test tomorrow and after that she wouldn't need them anymore.
Sherlock cried out as John pushed two well-lubed fingers into him. No doubt he was in a hurry to get this over. The bunny didn’t mind. He pushed back against the invading finger.
“Never mind that,”  Marcus said desperately trying to change the subject. “Who do you have for math Karen? Mrs. Smith is killing me.”
Rosie nodded and starting eating. She didn’t want to think about what her punishment would be. She hated getting in trouble.
“I know,” the wolf said, holding his lover down. “It stings but you need to remember how good it feels.”
Sherlock didn’t believe the words that were coming out of his mouth. Their daughter was starting to act out and he had feeling it was just the beginning.
“It will be beep if anything goes wrong,” he said giving him a little kiss. “You rest. Greg and I will take care of dinner.”
“I guess I can talk to her about it,”  Rosie said in a nervous voice. “It would be nice to sit with other people sometimes.”
If it wasn’t for the massive nozzle inside of him Sherlock knew he would already be making a mess. His inner muscles were trying in vain to push it out. His wolf was holding onto the end to make sure it didn’t come out before it was time.
They planned to have a night together. That would give them the chance to have sex more than once. After all, they didn’t know if they would be able to do it again. John didn’t think the process would make him jealous - he was a.) much ger than Greg and b.) his bunny knew he belonged to John and John alone - and Sherlock seemed perfectly comfortable with the idea. Yet, none of them really knew how they would react to the situation.
His lover reached into the shopping bag and pulled out a white dummy. Sherlock knew putting up a fight wouldn’t help him but he couldn’t just accept it! After all, he was a grown man. He wasn’t going to willing let someone shove something like
The bunny whimpered before getting up and running into the bathroom.  By the time he returned to the bedroom John was sitting on the bed with a bottle in his hands. Sherlock laid down on the bed with a grunt. John sat the bottle on the pillow next to his bunny’s head.
Sherlock nodded without looking away from his bottle. The wolf chuckled before getting up from the bed. He knew his bunny wasn’t going to like his plan but he didn’t have a choice.
It didn’t feel like it was ever going to stop. The stars in front of his eyes danced across his vision as he struggled to stay conscious.
Rosie reached her fingers in and pulled out one of the small pills. She put one into her mouth and swallowed it.
Rosie felt like a new person by the time her Dad picked her up to bring her home. If Luna was done with her then that was just the way things were going be. She didn’t need her. She had friends didn’t act like jerks all the time. Maybe this was the best thing that happened to her.
The bunny would do anything to make his big handsome wolf happy. If it meant doing something he hated he would do it. That didn’t stop him whining though. All week he pouted and drove John up a wall.
Halfway through John stopped. He glanced over his shoulder at the fox who was staring at him wide-eyed.
After several minutes of searching, he finally spotted it. The perfect outfit! It was a sexy playbunny outfit, perfectly tailored for bunny hybrids since the petticoat ruffled skirt would be puffed up perfectly around his white bunny cottontail which swished as he moved sometimes. The top half was nearly a white and black halter top with a lace ruffle around the straps. When Sherlock tried it on the saleswoman flashed a look of jealousy and when Sherlock turned around to view himself in the mirror he blushed intensely at his slutty image.
John raised an eyebrow as he rubbed his bunny’s little tail. He had given him a chance to walk away from it. It was too late for him to change his mind. He wasn’t leaving his bunny until he had cum at least three more times. Maybe that would take the edge off of his desire.
Plus, it was very accurate. John needed that. Bunnies can go into shock very easily and a rising temperature was a warning sign of that.
“Rosie,” her friend said holding tightly to the baggy in her hand. “I don't think this is a good idea.”
“Don’t make me hurt you,” the wolf growled, not letting up on the pressure he was applying to the butt plug. Then gentle he said, “Please relax yourself my sweet little bunny. You’re only making this harder on yourself.”
His inner muscles began to squeeze his cock with such force that it sent John over the edge. Sherlock screamed as he felt the knot swell inside of him. His body was extremely sensitive now that he had cum.
After assuring her that she was going to be ok Karen did leave her side. Luna was wrong. Karen was a nice girl who just had a problem. She wasn’t trying to mean to her. She seemed like a really nice girl. She was going out of her way to be nice to Rosie.
John almost bellowed, mimicking the surge of volcanic lust that hit him when he saw his bunny. Sherlock, that sexy little tart, was wearing a complete whorish outfit, and the way Sherlock was coyly looking at all the hungry looks the men were throwing him, bouncing around as he looked for John, looking like the most delicious cocktease he was.
Karen nodded as Rosie passed her the handheld game. Rosie was so lucky. She had everything. Two great parents, a beautiful room, and nice toys. She wished she had half of the things Rosie had. She pushed the jealousy aside and decided to focus on having a good time with her new friend while it lasted.
Sherlock squealed as his orgasm hit him. Waves of cum flew from his cock and coated the carpet under him. John smiled as he pulled his fingers from him. His inflated cock and knot were back to hurting Sherlock. The bunny began to whimper and rub his face into the carpet.
Love it? Sherlock wasn’t sure how he felt about it. He was so confused. He let out a small whimper as the cramp backed off.
Her parents were so excited when they found out she got advance placement. There was no way she could let them down. She had barely started when her mobile beeped. She sighed and looked down at it.
Sherlock shook his head. He didn't want to admit that part of him enjoyed the pain he was in. It felt so intense and overpowering. It felt it was tearing him apart. He swore he could feel blood inside of him. He couldn't believe he was taking it. It felt like it was going to kill him but he was still alive. He was taking it. Part of that amazed him and turned him on.
The bunny smiled as he fell to this knees on the rug. His short fluffy tail wiggled a bit as he got into position. John knelt down behind Sherlock as he threw his clothes to the floor. He wasted no time grabbing a bottle of lube from the coffee table.
Greg gave a loud shout as he felt himself let loose inside of the bunny. Sherlock cried out in pain as the knot swelled inside of him. It wasn’t nearly as big as John’s knot but it was still large.
John growled and brought a hand down to gently rub Sherlock’s tail. The bunny gave a cry of pleasure and gently wiggled on John’s cock. He loved having his tail petted. As John rubbed his tail and ears Sherlock felt his limp cock coming to life.
Sherlock moaned into the pillow as his face flushed with embarrassed. Once in awhile John would indulge his “Daddy” kink. The bunny loved it when John referred to himself as Daddy. It made him hard as a rock. He hated that it turned him on so much.
“Of course he won’t,” Sherlock said pouting. "I know you’re worried but Lestrade is my friend. He isn’t going to hurt me.”
“I…,” she said sitting down across from him. “Luna and I broke up. I guess...I just blew up at her.”
“Of course baby,” he said as he started to ram his steel-hard enormous cock in and out of his pretty mate.
The end of the toy slipped into the hole in the harness that was covered with a lockable clip that way you could change the plug out without taking the whole harness out. Maybe he would shove a bigger one in there once Sherlock was relaxed.
John was a rather large, wide and muscular, wolf and no one would dare challenge him when he was claiming his mate.
Lestrade couldn’t believe what he was seeing! A small pale bunny with the most incredibly perky ass was kneeling over the couch getting some rather rough treatment. The fox couldn’t imagine how uncomfortable the thermometer was. It looked massive inside the bunny’s tight hole. Then again he really didn’t understand how John’s massive knot could fit in there. Granted, he had never seen but he knew it had to be very large.
Once John was sure he was done cumming he unwrapped Sherlock’s legs from his waist. He needed to get on his side. He hoped it would ease the cramps taking over him. Sherlock whimpered a bit as they switched positions.
Sherlock nodded but stayed quiet. John lifted the spoon and brought it down on the globes of Sherlock’s ass. Sherlock gasped high at the sensation. He loved the sensation of being spanked. The waves of pain shot through him.
John placed his fat head at Sherlock’s puffy pink lush hole. He wanted to shove in as soon as he removed the plug. The bunny detective tired to hold his muscle shut so he wouldn’t make a mess when the toy came out but that just made it hurt worse.
He had already checked on Sherlock three times and changed him twice. Sherlock had only moaned a bit when he cleaned him up. It looked like he was over whatever had hit him. The sleep had helped.
Rosie nodded. She wanted to do that anyway. She felt horrible for hurting her friend. Rosie felt tears flood her eyes. It took all of her strength not to start crying.
Rosie looked at the girl in surprise. Most people knew who was but didn’t bring it up. The girl looked to be at least a year older than her. Rosie noticed right away that she was very pretty. She had long brown hair that curled around her face and bright green eyes.
“I get spanked every night,” the bunny explained. “John uses the thermometer on me to make sure I don’t get too distressed during it.”
Normally, Sherlock got his nightly spanking right before bed. It helped him fall asleep by releasing all his daily tensions. The wolf didn’t plan on giving it to him due to the events that were planned. The bunny insisted on getting his spanking as normal.
During the ride to the school the next morning Rosie was unusually quiet. She couldn’t stop thinking about Luna. It didn’t save fair that she just dumped her like that. No doubt the rainy day wasn’t helping.
Over the next few days, Rosie thought about what Karen said. Ritalin was the drug her friend was taking. She said that it helped her. It sounded too good to be true. What if she got addicted? What if her parents found out? How would she afford it?
Sherlock is ill and John decides he needs to wear a nappy until he is feeling better. Of course, the bunny isn't too happy about that.
“Good boy,” John said before returning to bed. “Now relax. You’re allowed to simulate yourself on the plug. Ride it if you want.”
“I’ll tell your parents,” she warned. “Look at you Rosie you need help. I’ve never seen you so worked up. You need help.”
“I knew you wouldn’t forget,” the bunny giggled. “I’m plenty ready. I want to get it over with. I have some messages from Lestrade. I think he might have a case that would interest me.”
By the time John came home from work, he was a mess. The wolf walked into their bedroom to find his sick bunny whimpering in bed. Sherlock had a hand wrapped around his stomach and a hand holding his ears over his eyes.
“You don’t have to do this,” John whispered into his white floppy ears. “If you get uncomfortable just say so. Greg isn’t going to do anything you don’t want him to.”
The fox brought up the belt before bringing it down on the tempting little butt. Sherlock yelped at the hit. Greg smirked as he listened to the noise escaping from the bunny’s pink full lips. He wanted to hear that noise again. He brought the belt back down onto the tender skin.
John dropped the ear and started walking towards the bedroom. He heard Sherlock getting up from the couch. He was taking his time but he was coming. The wolf headed into the bedroom and sat his bag down on the floor.
Luna was the most beautiful girl she could imagine. She was tall with very long legs. She had long hair that reached the middle of her back and the brightest blue eyes Rosie had ever seen. They were even brighter than her Papa's eyes. Rosie would do anything to make she happy.
Would her parents be angry at her for hanging out with someone who does drugs? Karen wasn’t hurting anyone. She kept it to herself. It was kind of like her being gay. She didn’t push it on anyone and didn’t really even talk about it.
That did it for Rosie. She had no idea where the rage came from. Here was her girlfriend...ex-girlfriend... threatening to tell on her. She hadn’t even talked to her in days! She didn’t need help, She was just fine.
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock said rubbing their faces together. “I drank the coffee knowing what you had put in it.  You can’t put anything past me.”
“But what’s the point of the thing?” The pale bunny swallowed as he took in more details about the device.
“Get over here and help me rinse these dishes,” John said getting slightly annoyed with his husband.
“More?” the wolf asked laughing slightly. “You want more now? Of course, my little bunny. I’ll give you whatever you want.”
He wanted more. He wanted to take ALL of his lover’s big, long length. He wanted to feel every inch inside of him. He wanted to
“You’re going to be so full,” the wolf growled as he began to rock inside of him.  “You’re going to love it. Actually, I’m a bit worried. What if my cock isn't enough for you after this? What if you always need two knots?”
At first, John stayed close to his side trailing his eyes over the guest at the party. After a short time, he started drifting farther and farther away from his bunny’s side. He would always keep an eye on his out of the corner of his eye. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust Sherlock. He didn’t trust other predators around his bunny. As much as Sherlock didn’t want to admit it he was a bit vulnerable.
The wolf slid the end of the belt into the loop and started to pull it tighter. Sherlock felt his body tighten as the leather touched his neck. John didn’t pull it hard enough to cause pain or discomfort. He wanted his little bunny to get used to the feeling of the leather on his skin.
The wolf lifted the ruler and brought it down hard. Sherlock gasp and dropped his ears. The pain of the hit send waves of fire through his backside. John brought the ruler down again, only harder. A large welt began to form on the bunny’s pale skin.
The young girl still had her situation on her mind when she arrived home. She was greeted at the front door by her Papa’s seeing-eye dog Apollo. She frowned at the sight of the dog. Apollo had only been with them a few days and she wasn’t used to him yet.
“Luna’s mother just had a baby,” John explained running a plate under the running water. “Maybe she needs Luna’s help.”
John released him as he went limp under him. He looked down at the nasty looking bite on his neck. He reached over to the bedside table and fetched a tissue. He carefully cleaned the blood from the wound. He reached under his bunny’s body and touched his rosy hard erection.
Karen started smoking a year ago and had struggled to stop. Her social worker was trying to help her but she knew it was hard for Karen. It helped her deal with the stress of life.
Sherlock jerked his eyes open in surprise. He didn’t even realize a large wolf had started making his way towards him. He was a bit taken back by how close the stranger was to him. HIs face was less than a foot away from him. All he could do was stare into those large pools of green.
John walked into their bedroom and opened their toy chest. He removed the smallest butt plug they had. He would need it to help him. Sherlock, who was laying on the bed, perked up with interest as he watched his love insert a butt plug.
Rosie knew her girlfriend’s needs were important, but she had needs too. She wanted to sit with the other kids. She hadn’t had a chance to talk to Jade or Marcus in weeks. She knew Marcus was struggling in science class and she wanted to see if he needed help. Yet, she couldn’t leave Luna on her own.
Sherlock started to scream as the pain overwhelmed him. He was twisting his head and pulling on his ears hard. He felt like he was going to pass out.
He jumped in surprise when the wolf brought the belt down. The sound of the leather hitting the soft white skin filled the room. It was the only sound besides Sherlock’s high pitched moaning. Lestrade had never witnessed anything like it. Sherlock had to be in pain. Yet, sounds of pleasure were slipping out of his mouth with each hit. Despite his confusion with the sight before him, he felt his cock harden in his pants.
He left Sherlock to grab a towel from the bathroom. He laid it down on the bed and then pulled Sherlock onto his knees. The detective put up a fight as John undid the harness. There was no way he could that! It would hurt! It would make a mess.
He slowly pushed his finger inside.  He brought his other hand up to gently play with his fluffy black tail. Sherlock pushed against the touch pressing the finger in deeper.
“I’ll give you my number,” Karen said pulling a piece of paper out of her backpack. “Text me sometime.”
John reached a hand down to gently touch his lover’s messy curls and his floppy ears. His fluffy head was drenched in sweat. He almost felt bad for the Omega.
As much as John was trying not to panic he couldn’t help it. His stomach was starting to grumble and his insides were twisting. He cried out in pain and squeezed his eyes shut.
John was right. It felt like someone had stabbed a hot poker inside of him. The searing pain reached into his stomach. His wolf didn’t give him much of a chance to get used to it. He started rocking inside of him almost right away.
“Then lie still,” he said. “You’ve already earned one punishment. Would you like to try for another?”
John reached down to lube his cock up. He made sure to put more than enough on it. He didn’t want to make this worse than it had to be. He lined his cock up with one hand and pressed on the small of Sherlock’s back with the other.
“I’m sure things will work out,” Mr. Green said handing her the paper. “If you need to talk to someone the counselor is always there.”
Sherlock shook his head. His floppy ears bouncing each way. John smiled and gently pressed a finger to his hole. With a little effort, he managed to get a finger inside. Sherlock cried out and pressed against the invading digit. Another finger quickly joined the first.
The fox watched as Sherlock rolled over onto his stomach and spread his legs. He trusted his wolf so much. John carefully inserted the tool.
“You don’t want this to stop,” John said. “If you wanted it to stop you’d get up and leave the room. You know I’m not forcing you to do anything.”
Sherlock refuses to eat and is forced to drink formula from a baby bottle. He puts up a fight and is caned for his effort.
Seeing Luna that day was difficult. They sat on either side of the music room to avoid each other. Her music teacher knew could tell something was going on between the two but knew it was better off not being brought up.
“No,” the wolf growled in as gentle a tone as he could manage mid-rut, moving his knot. “You love it, little one, and you know it. If it didn't feel amazing why would your tiny bunny cock still be hard.”
She thought about refusing to join them but she knew they would check on her. She sighed and made her way downstairs.
Sherlock crawled out of John’s lap and rolled onto his back. Tears were streaming down his face. John couldn’t help but feel bad. He knew Sherlock was just embarrassed but it had to be done. Sherlock’s body NEEDED rest.
“You’re close,” he said ramming the toy in and out. “I can feel it.  I can smell it. Let it happen baby.”
Rosie felt her heart jump when she saw Luna heading into school. She missed her so much already. Her heart sank when she realized Luna was ignoring her. Her ex-girlfriend had clearly looked right at her before darting off down a hallway.
Sherlock wanted to die. He couldn’t believe how sick he was. He’d fallen ill with a rather intense stomach flu. He’d been running to the bathroom with the need to empty his bowels every few minutes. He was trying to sleep but he just couldn’t. Every time he started to close his eyes he stomach would start to grumble.
Sherlock froze when he saw the size of the thermometer. It was bigger than anything he had used in the past. John didn’t plan on putting
His bunny simply whimpered as he explored his insides. The wolf removed his finger and looked at it. There was a good amount of blood was on the tip. A wave of guilt hit him. He’d made his bunny bleed. He’d never bled like that before. Something didn’t feel right. He lifted the blanket and covered his lover up.
Rosie felt her mood lighten as she handed her a piece of paper. At least she wouldn’t have to sit through an hour and a half of learning about Moriarty. She took the pass and started to head to the library.
“Most thirteen year olds don’t want to be around a new baby,” Sherlock said. “At least not after the first few days. That’s all the more reason for her to be visiting more.”
Greg brought down the next two hits fast. The bunny arched his back and cried out from the blows. John rose from his chair and walked over to the pair. He glanced down at the thermometer. 38 celsius. His bunny was doing just fine.
“I’m going to put it on you,” his mate explained. “Then you are going to be a good little bunny and wear it. If I catch you trying to pick the lock you’re going to be one sorry slut. I’m going to lie in bed and do some reading. You’re going to sit next to the bed like a good little bunny and you aren’t going to move until I give you permission.”
“Thanks for sticking through it,” Sherlock said with a chuckle. “Now get to the bathroom before you have an accident.”
He let out a whimper as he started to rock on the toy. He hoped the moment would cause his body to relax and enjoy it. Each movement caused fire up his back. At first, it was a burning pain but slowly it changed into a good feeling. Waves of pleasure took hold of him.  His cock was finally starting to get hard.
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest. He normally only got ten for maintenance. Twenty was a lot! It didn’t take long for the bunny to figure out what his wolf was doing. He was showing him off. John wanted to show Lestrade just how much he could take. He felt his ass twitch at the thought.
He had given Sherlock two spoonfuls of Castor oil before he went to work to make sure he was cleaned out. He had mixed it with orange juice to make it last nasty. Despite that, the bunny had still gagged a bit on the laxative. The poor little bunny would be in the bathroom all day but it would help him.
Sherlock took a few shaky breaths and tried to relax his inner muscles despite the pain he was in. It worked a little bit and the toy was about to slide a little further in.
The bunny lost touch with the world around him as his orgasm hit. Everything went black around him even though his eyes were open they couldn't see anything. All he could feel was his body giving into a primal need of submission and when it did it felt like a million stars exploding at once.
Maybe he was. The boy placed the slutty outfit back on the rack but then, suddenly, a naughty thought flared through him. He couldn’t help it.
The sudden outburst caused Rosie to jump in surprise. Her girlfriend didn’t say much but when she got scared or angry she would explode as a way to defend herself.
She turned to see what was written on the board. She froze when she saw what was written on the dry erase board.
“I’ll give you a good hard spanking after this,” John said as he waited for his knot to go down. “What would you like?”
There was still considerable resistance as he claimed his lover. Sherlock’s body was trying it’s best to adjust to the large cock but there was little it could do. No matter how many times they made love it would still hurt him. His insides just weren’t built to take it. Sherlock was fighting his biology every time he allowed his wolf to slid inside of him.
The bunny lay silently for the longest time. He was trying to accept the two cocks that were invading his body. The tears started to calm down after a few minutes.
John brought his mouth down and gently ran his long, sharp teeth against Sherlock’s neck. The bunny let out a frightened whimper. He knew his wolf wouldn’t hurt him, but he couldn’t stop from feeling scared.
Of course, she knew she couldn’t get caught in the hallway. If a teacher saw her walking around she would be in major trouble. She dove into the nearest girl’s restroom.
“I still can’t believe you two are together,” the fox said before lowering his voice. “How do...well you know?”
Greg couldn’t believe the bunny was begging to be hit faster. He began to wonder just how much Sherlock could take. John made it sound like he could handle
John carefully began to move the toy in and out. With each trust he pulled harder and harder on the belt. Sherlock began to shake as the belt cut tighter and and tighter into his skin. The wolf smirked as Sherlock sucked the toy inside. He couldn’t fight the pleasure he was in.
Sherlock let out a loud cry as his orgasm rock his body. John hissed as Sherlock tightened around him. He could feel his cock leaking cum over his hand.
“I can’t,” Sherlock said shaking his head wildly. “It hurts. It’s too big or too dry. Something isn’t right.”
That caused Karen pause. She had already done enough damage to her friend. She didn’t need her friend taking up smoking as well.
The bunny was yanked back into reality when he felt John's long cock swelling inside of him. He cried at the feeling of being overstimulated. He couldn’t handle anymore!
Sherlock took a deep breath as John began to slam inside of him and over and over. His insides were far too tender for such a hard fucking. He closed eyes and tried to focus on the pleasure he was feeling.  Sherlock could feel his prostate getting rubbed from his lover’s massive cock. It took the edge off the pain.
Sherlock began to rock back on the erection as much as he could. He could feel his orgasm building. Between the constant pressure on his prostate and the attention to his cock, he was almost ready to explode.
He began to shake and try to pull away from the swelling knot inside of him. The larger man wrapped his arms around his lover tightly to keep him from hurting himself. He continued to knock his hips against Sherlock’s abused, cherry-red globes several more times, knot -fucking his battered hole until it became impossibly huge and not even the powerful wolf’s strength could fuck it past Sherlock’s small body’s resistance.
Rosie was still hoping that Luna would come back to her. She missed her so much. She missed sitting with her in the courtyard eating lunch. She missed their late night conversations about whether or not they would get married one day. She missed Luna’s loving eyes comforting her after a bad day.
Deep down Sherlock had liked it. It was nice to be taken care of it. Even though he hadn’t been nuts about the nappy it had felt good in its own way. It had felt uncomfortable and heavy against him for awhile but the feeling faded quickly. Soon, it turned into a comforting feeling, like a tight hug.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how to feel about what John was asking him to do. He wanted him to wear a what?
He started to move again trying not to think about the painful cramps that were starting to build. Every time he would get a cramp he would slam harder into his lover. Sherlock didn’t seem to mind. Tears were streaming down his face but John knew they were tears of pleasure.
“Good boy,” John said playing with his ears. “I know you’re embarrassed but you don’t need to be. You have a medical need right now. I’m just trying to help.”
“Of course,” she said walking into the kitchen. “What’s for dinner and why are we having it so early?”
There was NO way she telling them that Karen smoked cigarettes all the time. They would never let them hang out again.
“Look at that pale bunny’s slim delicate body! No way his tight little ass going to survive that monstrous wolf cock.”
Those words burnt into her mind. What was she going to do? She couldn’t show her parents. They would never forgive her for this. She was going to have to figure something out.
Sherlock could see people starting to gather around them. All the men who had been lusting after him during the party were crowding around John taking him over his muscular lap. Their hungry eyes practically devoured Sherlock’s perky ass as it was being raised up, impossibly voluptuous, entirely vulnerable to John’s feral desires. He closed his eyes and pushed his face into the fabric of the couch. He didn’t want to see them staring at them. Was everyone going to stand and watch this?
Luna had already moved on. It had only been a few days and she had moved on! Rosie couldn’t help but feel angry. After all, here she was still crying over Luna and hoping she came back to her. How could she be so stupid! Luna was over her.
John stretched to reach a metal ruler that sat on the sink. Sherlock usually acted up during his enemas and often needed a reminder to behave. It would only take a few hits with the metal ruler to put him in his place.
The wolf slowly began to pull in and out his lover. Sherlock was very tight around him and he didn’t dare go too fast. Sherlock wasn’t screaming for him to stop anymore but he was still crying.
After several more smacks, John finally relented. Sherlock’s pretty pale face was streaming with tears. By now John was so fucking hard his cock was breaking the zipper on his jeans.  could feel his hammering heartbeat pulse through his dick. He couldn’t bare waiting too much longer. Still, he needed to make the boy’s hole ready to be stretched.
He whimpered closing his eyes. Sherlock earned this! He just needed to keep telling himself that over and over.
He walked to the dresser and picked up a wooden brush. He knew the brush would really hurt him. It was a rather expensive brush that was extremely heavy.  He sat down on the bed and pulled him over his lap. Sherlock howled in frustration as he tried to get away.
The fox leaned over and put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders. He carefully held him down against the mattress. He glanced up at John to make sure he had done the right thing. The wolf gave him a little smile and a nod. Sherlock cried quietly as he was filled with the medical device. When Greg was sure he was done he released the hold.
There's nothing like this for Sherlock. He'd gladly die like this, with John stuffing his cock so mercilessly inside him. He loved it. The intense feeling, so full, so split open, John opening up his muscles, forcing them wide to his will like ripe fruit split open under a hot knife.
“Delicious.” John rumbled, stroking admiringly the lush milky-white globes, how they were so completely smooth, firm, yet incredibly supple. “You have the most remarkably beautiful ass, my bunny.”
His wolf was standing in front of him dangling a belt in front of him. He wanted to wrap that belt around his neck and pull tight. The thought send a chill up his back.
… and yet… Sherlock bit his bottom lip, consideringly. The bunny rather liked when John yelled at him. In fact, he loved when John was incited by something Sherlock did. It turned him on. Was he messed up in the head? Was he mad for getting turned on by an enraged wolf?
The fox decided to trust the wolf. Sherlock was used to taking John’s much larger cock. Greg was yet to see the wolf’s cock but he knew it had to be much larger. He decided to trust him and started pushing into Sherlock. The bunny let out a squeal as Greg shoved into him hard.
Rosie felt tears spring to her eyes as she put her phone down. Why was Luna being like that? She hadn’t done anything wrong. She really felt Luna was being unreasonable. She had broken up with her over it. Luna could call it whatever she wanted but that’s what she had done. She had broken up with her and she had done it over text! Over text!
Uh. Violin lessons. They had that together. Oh well. She was just going to have to deal with it. She wasn’t giving up the violin for Luna or anyone else.
Sherlock whimpered pitifully as John removed a small bottle of pills from the bag. He took one out and placed it in his bunny’s mouth. He moved the forgotten bottle back to Sherlock’s mouth. The bunny latched onto the mouth. Tears were still streaming down his face as he drank and swallowed his pill.
He brought two calloused fingers down to touch Sherlock’s tender hole. The bunny gave a little whimper as he felt those thick, masculine fingers trying to push into him.
“I know,” he said as his mate trembled uncontrollably under his touch. “You can take it. I promise you nothing bad is going to happen. I’m a doctor. I know what you can take.”
“I’m sorry,” he said bending over his lover. “You wanted this. Only a few more goes darling and then we’ll take a break.”
That information surprised Rosie. Marcus was a good kid and he hung out with her. There was no way he would hang out with someone who was a troublemaker. Was Luna making it up just so she wouldn’t want to sit with them?
Luna was sure her ex-girlfriend was using drugs.  She'd started acting so differently once she started hanging out with Karen. She knew that girl will bring nothing but trouble.
His bunny was practically asleep as he removed the restraints from his limbs. He eased his bunny off the ramp and onto the bed. He spread his limp legs and lifted his tail out of the way. He carefully slid a finger in and felt around for damage.
John sighed. He knew there was a chance his mate wouldn’t be able to handle their lovemaking. He was willing to accept if Sherlock didn’t want to do it again.
The wolf’s eyes fell on John. The soldier had his back to him. He smiled a bit when he saw the man wasn’t watching. The big bad wolf wasn’t guarding his sheep. He growled with excitement as he focused back on the nervous bunny.
Rosie frowned at Karen’s words. She had never mentioned her parents before. She assumed they didn’t get along.
He began to cry and twisted away. He tried to pull away but John just pulled harder on the belt around his neck. The bunny whimpered as the hold around his neck tightened.
Sherlock nodded as John led him into the bedroom. He made sure he was dry before helping him get under the blankets.
“Good bunny,” John said as he walked into the bathroom. “I think two quarts will be plenty for today.”
“That’s right,” John murmured, helping Sherlock lift back up. “Put your body in its place. Make your body like it.”
It was clear that wasn’t happening this time. John believed his bunny was ready to take one of his ruts. He’d managed to take two canine cocks. He knew his cock would grow larger during the rut but he was sure Sherlock could handle it. It would still hurt him very badly but he was ready to take it.
Sherlock didn’t know what to do as John hefted the small frame of his skinny body and threw him over his broad shoulders. He yelped as he was fireman carried over to one of the sofas in the sitting room where John sat down and spread Sherlock’s tight little frame across his lap, the younger’s ass raised helplessly for all to see.
Sherlock was used to being pinned by his lover against the sitting room carpet and taken hard and fast. He loved feeling John’s teeth against his neck, so close to biting him.
John reached down and placed a hand on his lover’s forehead. He felt warm under his touch. He quickly got from the bed and retrieved the thermometer. Sherlock groaned and shook his head at the sight of the tool.
Lestrade smirked and sat down in John’s chair. He dropped his bag by his feet. He had no idea what was going to happen but he couldn’t wait for it.
Sherlock let out a pain filled whimper as his wolf started pushing in. He could already feel that his cock was bigger. He was grateful that John had been generous with the lube.
Sherlock began to pull harder and harder at the restraints as John began to swell inside of him again. He needed to get away! He couldn’t do it! He had changed his mind! To his horror the more he struggled the tighter his mate held him.
Tears began to flow from Sherlock’s eyes and soak into the fabric of the couch. He wasn’t sure if he was crying from the pain or the pleasure he was feeling. The situation was just overwhelming. So much was happening and he was feeling so much.
Greg picked up the lube as Sherlock rolled over onto his belly. He liked the idea of having Lestrade inside of him. It was new and different. Plus, John wanted it. He would do anything to make John happy
“Don’t move!” the teacher said pointing at Rosie. “Come on Luna. Are you hurt? Everyone else get along to class.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said in a broken small voice. John rolled his limp body onto his side. “I’m just so sore.”
John growled and bit down harder. He knew he wasn’t going to do any damage. He was far away enough from the windpipe and any major blood vessels. He could feel some blood dripping into his mouth but not a lot.
He quickly began to shake his head; his floppy ears bouncing around. He didn’t want the bigger one! It would hurt too much.
The young girl got to her feet with the help of the teacher. She was still crying as the teacher led her to the nurse’s room. Rosie stepped out of the way of the room way and leaned against the wall. She was in so much trouble.
Everyone who knew them thought it was strange but no one said anything. It wasn’t their business. If John enjoyed fucking a bunny that was his business. The rabbit never seemed to mind.
The thermometer still hurt but it wasn’t unbearable anymore. He moaned and squeezed his muscles around the device.
Rosie smiled at Karen’s sudden mood change.  She jumped from the steps and headed off to the office. Rosie ran to catch up with her friend.
He spread Sherlock’s legs and carefully applied lube to the man’s hidden entrance. Sherlock let out a little moan as his loved pushed a single finger inside. John took his time rubbing the lubrication around the passage. He was careful not to hit Sherlock’s prostate. He knew if he did the detective might orgasm.  He didn’t want that happening anytime soon.
John heard Sherlock rummaging through one of the kitchen drawers. The bunny walked into the sitting room holding the wooden spoon. He pulled his pants down before lying down across his lover’s lap.
“I know,” he said coating it with lube. “I just need to check on you. I’ll put it in and let you sleep.”
The fox raised his hand and brought it down hard on Sherlock’s already abused ass. Sherlock didn’t respond to the first hit. He just kept struggling against them. Greg hit him harder. To his surprise, the bunny screamed but then he calmed down.
The bunny needn't have worried. At that exact instant, a heavy hand was clasped around to his shoulder, harsh and unyielding. He let out a gasp of surprise and jerked away out of instinct.
Sherlock finally got control of his tears as he curled up into a ball. The dummy felt strange in his mouth and the nappy felt uncomfortable and heavy against his skin. He hated it!
Of course, she knew she was dead the second her parents smelled her.  She stunk of cigarette smoke. Even after she changed her clothes she still smelt. She needed a shower to get rid of the smell. There was no way she was going to get it past them when she went down for dinner.
“Be a good by and relax,” he said rubbing his back gently. “This is a lot for you to take. I’m so proud of Sherlock.”
Sherlock was surprised by that information. Normally, he had eyes full of tears at this point. While he was in pain he wasn’t pushed to any kind of limit. For some reason that frustrated him. He loved it when his wolf pushed him right to the edge, He wanted to sit on the fence between pain and pleasure. He wanted to feel like his mind was being torn in two.
Karen was waiting for her in the courtyard during lunch. She was reluctant to hand the pills over. She should have never given them to her in the first place! Why did she send her that stupid text?  Rosie was a good girl. She had a chance at a good life. Karen didn’t have a chance at a future. She was going to end up a useless drug dealer just like her mother and father. She struggled to apply herself when she knew what her future held. But that didn’t mean she had the right to bring down other people.
He fetched a pair of handcuff from the bedside table before cuffing Sherlock’s hands behind his back. It was a smart decision on Sherlock’s part. He wouldn’t be tempted to pick the lock with his hands behind his back.
“Of course he can,” John said. “If he really wants to stop I’ll let him go but I know he won’t want to stop.”
“That’s alright,” the wolf said. “Too much might irritate your stomach right now. I have something else for you.”
Sherlock folded his laptop and slid it under the chair. He rose to his feet daintily and walked into the bathroom. He stripped off his clothes and sat down in the bathtub. He had no idea what John had planned.
“Joh-” Sherlock started as he saw the vicious and possessive look on his wolf’s face. He knew. At that moment a sharp shiver slivered down his spine and he knew. His wolf was in a predatory mood and while it wasn’t Sherlock’s fault and deep down his wolf knew that John’s animal instincts and lust still needed to be satisfied. The bunny knew his wolf, knew what John needed. John’s inner beast demanded a show of ownership of his bunny.  The wolf
The bunny assessed the fox's cock and knot. They were certainly, much larger than his own, but still no where near John's size. John’s cock length was over a foot long, his knot was over four inches in diameter. Therefore he felt he could take it after the thermometer and his daily fingering.
He needed to check in with his bunny. He was already panting heavily and seemed a little overwhelmed.
Sherlock snorted. He wanted it in a glass but he didn’t think he could sit up and drink it. If John gave it to him in a bottle he could lie down on the pillow and relax while he drank it.
“We’ll see,” Sherlock said giving his husband a kiss. “I really do hope it was a one-time thing. Rosie is a good kid. She’ll be alright.”
John leaned over to kiss him deeply. Sherlock moaned and arched against him, wrapping his arms around his wolf's strong neck as John's thick fingers teased his entrance.
Mr. Franken was the school’s counselor. If you were having a bad day students could go see him. He was really nice always had something fun to do but she didn’t want to see him. She needed to grow up and deal with life.
John watched the adorable little nose crinkle, it was a habit of bunnies and Sherlock did it often. Whenever he did it, as now, John was always struck at how truly bunny-ish his little Sherlock could be. It also meant one of several things. Either the pale bunny was displeased with something, confused and trying to puzzle something out, or as he was quite certain was the case in this instance, he was considering something. John couldn’t help but smirk when after a second or two of deliberation Sherlock plucked John’s credit card with a bright smile before bouncing out of the room on his long slim legs.
He had to wear something revealing, something that would keep John’s eyes fixed on him all night instead of those hussies who were always flirting with the wolf when they went out.
“You need to be a good boy,” the wolf said hitting him again. “Your insides need to be clean for me.”
John smiled as the two of them drifted off to sleep. It seemed their relationship was going to work out just fine.
“She’s growing up,” John said moving to cuddle up against his lover. “She’s a kid. She’s going to do stupid stuff.”
It was so big! It was stretching him so painfully. No matter how many times his wolf took him it still hurt. His body just wasn’t made to take such a large wolf cock. He began to struggle and fight his lover.
Once the wolf was sure his lover wasn’t going to try and move he removed his hands. He took one of Sherlock’s floppy ears and rubbing it gently in his hands.
Rosie couldn’t wait until she got home to take her next hit. Her body was demanding that it get another dose. She slipped into the bathroom before her last class. After making sure no one was in there was retrieved the baggie of pills from her backpack.
He tried to breathe as tears flowed down his face. Greg was pushing into him hard and forced his way into his tight passage.
“I know,” the wolf said gently playing with his bunny's tail with his free hand. “You don’t really want me to stop. You aren’t pulling away. You’re just scared.”
Plus, she knew Luna was under a bit of stress. Her mother was getting ready to have a new baby and Luna wasn’t too happy about it. She was worried she mother wouldn't have time for her once she had the new baby. Rosie kept telling that was silly and that her mother would always make time for her.
John moved his hand to push gently on his body’s stomach. He could hear his stomach gurgling under his touch. Sherlock let out cries of pain as his stomach was messed with. It hurt! John was pushing everything around.
She decided not to tell them about Luna. She knew it would come up sooner or later but she didn’t want to go into it. She knew her parents would make a big deal out of it and she’d end up crying again. That was something she didn’t want to do.
John didn’t need to be told twice. He leaned his head over and bit down hard enough to draw blood. The bunny cried out in pleasure and pain as the fangs sank in. A little trail of blood flowed from the cut.
Her Papa used to have a dog named Zorro. He was like a member of the family so when he suddenly fell ill it had devastated the whole family. It had nearly killed her Papa to get the dog put down. Sherlock had been reluctant to get another dog, but he really needed one. He relied on his dog to get around. Apollo was a good dog, but he would never be Zorro. She would try not to hold it against him.
John was standing in the sitting clutching his belt when he heard someone knocking at the door. He walked over and opened the door. He smiled when he saw Lestrade standing there. He was carrying a small overnight bag.
No! Sherlock didn’t want to see that. He didn’t enjoy seeing himself in pain. He didn’t understand how he could orgasm when he was suffering like that. It just didn’t seem normal to him.
John frowned slapping his bunny's behind hard. His little bunny yelped from the slap and tried to relax around the advancing nozzle. He didn’t want to upset his wolf anymore than he already had. The wolf gave a grunt and pushed the nozzle the rest of the way in.
“You’ve taken seven inches,” John explained. “Two more and then my knot. You don’t want me to stop. Scream it all you want but I know what you need and want.”
John started to push his swelling knot inside of his bunny. Sherlock cried out and tried to pull away from the expanding ball. John growled and put his hands on his lover’s shoulders. He held him down against the carpet.
“Tell Lestrade what’s happening,” John instructed, picking up a bottle of lube from the coffee table.
Sherlock let out a painfilled whimper as John started forcing his cockhead in. The wolf growled as the searing hot head finally managed to pry open Sherlock’s hole with a loud popping sound. The bunny tried to pull away from him, wailing. The cock felt massive inside of his tight hole. No matter how many times they fucked it always felt like too much.
Her Dad and Papa promised to pick her up a new backpack right away. They couldn’t understand why her new one had broken.
“He takes my knot very well,” John said before taking a drink. “Oh he screams and fights but he loves it.”
John made up a bottle of formula when he got home. He knew his little bunny needed some food inside of him. He walked into the bedroom and found his bunny in bed. The wolf set the bottle down for Sherlock to drink.
Sherlock wanted to sooth that enraged expression, wanted to reassure his wolf in any way he had possible that he didn't care a sixpence about this stranger.
Suddenly, what was embarrassing him started to turn him on. He glanced up and around the room. All the creatures were standing and staring at them with wide eyes. It seemed like most of them were in shock that he was taking that massive cock. He wanted them to look at him with amazement. He wanted to show how much he could take and what a strong bunny he was.
“Questions about Moriarty will be on the final. You will be writing a report on him.” Mrs. Stagg explained. “I would suggest you stay but I can understand if you want to leave.”
Apollo was lying on the seat between them looking from one to the other. Despite the fact he really didn’t need his dog for a car ride John insisted that he have the dog with him at all times.
shopping. Bunnies had a vain streak in them, they liked making sure their cottontails were puffy and that their ears were silky soft. But Sherlock, being an exceptionally pretty bunny, loved wearing cute and beautiful clothes so that he could best show off his slender small frame and long dollish legs.
When she got to school was surprised to see Luna wasn’t there. It wasn’t like her to miss school. She never missed Wednesdays. That was the day they stayed after school for violin lessons. It was one of their favorite things to do together. If she did miss school she normally texted her. A glance at her phone on the way to lunch told she hadn’t received a message. She quickly typed one up and sent it.
Despite that, he didn’t want to look at Greg while he took him. Eye contact during sex was intimate to him. When he looked into John’s eyes he knew the wolf could feel every ounce of pain or pleasure he was feeling. He didn't want that with this fox.
“I can’t help it,” he said as he began to fuck him hard and fast. “I can’t slow down baby. I’m sorry. Just hold on.”
The next minute was a complete blur to Rosie. She reached out and pushed Luna through the swinging bathroom door. Luna cried out as she went through the door and slid across the floor. She burst into tears as soon as she hit the floor.
Rosie didn’t like the turn the conversation was taking. She knew Karen was just being nice and trying to get to know Luna, but she knew her girlfriend wouldn’t handle it well. She didn't like being the center of attention.
“I know darling,” John said wagging his tail slightly. “You’re doing wonderfully. Let him have his way and then I’ll take care of you.”
The people that were watching were starting to cheer them. People were starting to scream and laugh. Sherlock tried not to think about them. He needed to pretend they weren’t there. This was just between the two of them.
“Finish!” Sherlock cried. “I’m a boy! I think ... I think my body... your hormones must be doing something to cause my body to become naturally wetter, to naturally take your cock easier so I don't die.”
“That’s all until the knot swells,” John explained. “You will scream and beg then again. I’ll ignore it, baby. Don’t worry. I’ll give you what you need.”
Her Papa was always getting after her for living it laying around. She quickly picked it up and placed it in her case.
“Good boy,” John said. “I’m so proud of you. You should see yourself. You look so sexy struggling to accept what I’m giving you. Maybe I should film you someday and make you watch.”
Sherlock knew it was going to be a rough couple of days for him. It was clear his wolf going into a rut. During his ruts, John became an aggressive fucking machine. They were yet to spend a rut together. His wolf would pack a bag and disappear for a few days. He was too worried he was going to hurt his bunny.
John smiled pushing in a second finger. Sherlock whimpered in pain as the second finger stretched him.
Sherlock looked down at the laptop. He could have a least tried to lie down and relax. He knew he had babies to think about. John walked into the kitchen and sat the groceries down.
She reached down and unzipped the zipper. She could hear a little metal click as each tooth disconnected. She knew it was wrong. She had gotten the pills to help her with her math. She didn't need them.
“Of course not,” Karen said digging into her pocket. “My brother gets a prescription but he never takes them. This is all I can give you for free. I need the rest.”
The wolf rammed his massive cock inside the tight wet passage. Sherlock wailed! He tried to get away. John quickly grabbed a hold of the cuffs to hold Sherlock in place.
John couldn’t help but feel nervous. He didn’t like suppositories. Sherlock was the one who liked those. He could easily take three glycerin ones and still orgasm. He loved the cramping that went along with it. John hated the cramping and urgent need to go to the bathroom it created.
“Please handcuff me,” Sherlock tried again in a softer voice. “I want it but I’m afraid I’ll fight if I’m not handcuffed.”
John was relieved when his knot began to deflate. The high of his rut was wearing off. He knew it would come back but relieved for the break. He wasn’t as young as he used to be.
Rosie had everything. She had two loving parents, a happy safe home, friends, and a loving girlfriend.  She had a private driver who brought her to school every morning. Of course, one of her parents still insisted on coming but she didn’t mind. She had everything so why wasn’t she happy. Rosie was always the kind of person who wanted more. Her parents had always urged her to go for what she wanted. She wanted a new handheld game system that her parents refused to buy her since it wasn’t her birthday or a holiday. She earned the money doing housework for friends. It only took a few weeks and then she had her money.
Sherlock only gave a small whimper as the nozzle was pulled free. With John’s help, he was lifted from the tub. His stomach felt like it was being ripped apart as he was placed on the toilet. Soon he would feel better but next week he would do the same thing.
Sherlock closed his eyes and bit down on the blanket he could just reach. He could feel his wolf’s cock getting bigger inside of him. He knew sex during ruts were different. John wouldn’t last very long but he would start fucking as soon as his knot went down.
Karen had a shocked and slightly embarrassed look on her face. Luna quickly realized what she had said. She picked up her tray and backpack before quickly running away from the table.
John opened the bottle of lube and started coating the thermometer. He knew Sherlock had been fingering himself all day. He was too excited about the threesome to leave his tiny little hole alone. He put the device up against his hole and started pushing it in.
Her parents knew something was up between the two of them. It was usual for Luna to come over a lot and they hadn’t seen her in days.
“Much better,” John said after checking the device. “Thirty-seven celsius. So much better. Time to take it out.”
Sherlock moaned at the feeling of the cold water. The tension in his body seemed to disappear as his body temperature started to cool. He took a few deep breaths and slowly stopped his tears.
John helped him onto his stomach and then onto his knees. When Sherlock was in a submissive mode he would let John put him in any position he wanted. It was almost as if he was a piece of clay that John could mold into any shape he wanted.
Sherlock felt chills go up his back at his wolf’s words. He did pick a naughty reward. He was a bad boy. Bad boy didn’t get more lube. Lube was for good boys.
Sherlock tried to get his tears under control. He didn't want to appear so weak in front of his lover. He moaned happily as John played with his tail. The bunny lay there trying to relax and forget the medical device as there.
Sherlock gave a yawn and relaxed against the pillow. Despite the uncomfortable feeling of the thermometer inside of him, he knew he would sleep.
“Good boy,” John said, releasing his hold on Sherlock. “I know it hurts. It’s supposed to hurt. The pain will remind you who you belong to. You'll be sore until the next time I take you. You won’t forget who fucked you.”
“No,” John explained with little to no thought. “You picked such a naughty reward. You knew I’d hate this. You knew it’d hurt me.”
Maybe her mother was having the baby. That made the most sense. Luna might be too busy to text her. Despite Luna’s misgivings about the baby, Rosie could tell she was excited.
Sherlock’s felt himself getting hard at his lover’s words. Despite all the pain he was in he was still able to get hard. He couldn’t resist it anymore. He allowed himself to give in to the pleasure he was feeling.
John growled and bared his teeth as he dropped the belt and placed his free hand on Sherlock’s hip. He held his lover down as he
“You need to rest,” he said running a hand along his back. “I’m going to be like this a few days. If you don’t get some rest I could do serious damage.”
“That’s it,” the wolf said smirking, his sharp teeth peeking out of his mouth. “Feel every ounce slip into your body. You’re almost there. You’re just sucking it up today.”
Thanks to everyone for reading and enjoying this. I can’t believe how much people like this. I have so many ideas to write! I will write almost anything. I will write forced feeding but nothing with actual feeding tubes. So that is the ONLY thing off the table. I’m a bit twisted and have a wild imagination.
The wolf gave his lover another kiss before leaving him to sleep. Sherlock closed his eyes tight. He didn’t want to think about the situation he was in. All he could do was sleep and hope he felt better soon.
With a virile deep growl of satisfaction John drove his cock back in, setting a punishing pace at the thought of his little bunny's slick hole acclimating it to the giant dick simply because John's pheromones were telling Sherlock's body to do so. The wolf couldn't help it. He started fucking his little bunny harder. And Harder. It was different. Sherlock was different inside for sure. The bunny flailed and writhed, his back arched and struggling as his ass was slammed deeper and deeper, so deep. His hole and body rammed roughly over and over and over. He slowly realized he was definitely taking his cock easier. Sherlock was starting to pant and whimper and move back against his cock.
“I promise you’ll love this,” he said reaching over for a bottle of lube. “Daddy even has a new toy for you.”
“You know you love it,” John growled, hitting him a little harder. He was getting horny as he always did when he spanked his little bunny's ass. “I think you enjoyed wearing the nappy. You get turned on by everything I do to you.”
Sherlock didn’t respond. The wolf ran into the kitchen and grabbed a bowl from the cabinet. He quickly filled the bowl with cold water from the sink and dropped in a few ice cubes. He stopped off in the bathroom and grabbed a few flannels and a normal thermometer from the bathroom.
“You’re doing great,” the wolf said as the device slid free of Sherlock’s tight entrance. “We’ll have to keep an eye on that. It won’t be so bad the second time.”
Sherlock peeked his head into the bedroom and watched John with interest. The wolf bent down and opened the bag. The bunny reached forward and gave the wolf’s tail a playful pull. John laughed as he pulled out the thermometer.
Without realizing what he was doing he began to sway and move with this music. The edge of his skirt swayed with his movements. He brought his had down and twisted his fingers in the ruffled edges.
“It burns,” Sherlock whimpered. “It feels like it’s tearing me apart. I’m scared to even breath hard. Every little move sends ways of pain through me. It’s a little bit better than when you put it in but it’s still bad.”
The wolf was finally hitting resistance inside of his bunny’s body.He growled as he showed the toy in hard. Sherlock screamed the best he could. Tears were filling his eyes. He couldn’t take that toy! It was too big!
He reached down and took the end of the thermometer into his hands. He carefully removed it from his lover's ass. Sherlock let out a long moaning keen as the medical device slipped free of his tight body.
“It’s a Chastity belt,” John stated flatly, holding up the device. “It has a butt plug that goes with it. I'll slip it into you and then lock it on.”
“You just wait,” John growled sliding between his legs. “I’m using the thermometer during your spanking tonight.”
The wolf, bunny, and fox went into the bedroom together. The wolf dropped his bunny on the bed where the bunny crawled up it and rested his head on the pillow. He was relaxed from his spanking and was ready to take their huge cocks knots. Greg quickly removed his clothes. A painful erection was pressed against his pants and it would feel much better once he removed his clothes.
He looped the belt around Sherlock’s waist and added the other two locks. The motion pulled the contraption tighter around him. Sherlock let out a yelp of pain as the dildo was pushed around inside of him.
She opened her science book and looked down at it. At least she didn't have any math. She was sure she was ready for her math test. Plus, she had that paper on Moriarty to write. Uh, she wasn’t looking forward to that. She had no idea when she was going to get around to it.
By the time she made it up stairs to her room, she could feel it working. All of her worries were starting to slip away. Luna was the last thing on her mind as she opened her math book. For the first time in days, she could actually study. Her mind was completely focused on the numbers in front of her.
As much as Sherlock didn’t want to admit it he knew it was true. He loved everything John did to him. He loved being forced to do things he was nervous about doing it. He loved being pushed to the edge of pain and pleasure. It caused him to feel a whole new sensation. A sensation that had no name.
What could he have? What would help him sleep when he was having such awful stomach trouble? It was clearly something that was making his wolf nervous. He seemed hesitant about showing him.
The little bunny could feel his orgasm building. It felt like John’s cock was never leaving his prostate. The tender spot in him was being tormented.
Sherlock's eyes flutter instantly as John's strong scent comforted him. He looked over to see his John's handsome lined face, his deep brows furrowed together as one, his lips pressed together in a harsh white line.
She was going to get written up and her parents would find out. Her relationship with Luna was over and she was dead. Luna was even thinking about telling her parents! Her life was over.
How long could he do it? If he knotted inside his lover he could still stay inflated for half an hour. It seemed like an impossible task.
When Rosie’s ride pulled up she couldn’t believe her eyes. She knew Rosie got picked up by parents but she had no idea she had a private driver. It all seemed so fancy to Karen. She had an oyster card and was used to taking the bus.
Rosie growled in frustration as Luna blocked the way. Who did she think she was? She wasn’t even her girlfriend anymore.
“Try and relax,” John said carefully rubbing his lover’s arm. “If you really can’t handle it pull away.”
“Why don’t you call your parents and see if you can go to my house?” Rosie questioned. “My parents won’t mind.”
Sherlock was crying heavily at that point. The cramps were too much to bare and John was only making things worse. He was packing everything deep inside of him as he kept fucking deeper and deeper.
Rosie glanced down at the outside pocket on her backpack. The small area contained the two pills that remained.
“Good.” The wolf picked the young bunny up and while holding him up with one hand wrapped around his waist, used the other to rip off the rest of Sherlock's flimsy playbunny outfit, ignoring his distressed keens, completely revealing the bunny's sweet supple body. He wrapped his hands around both thighs and spread and splayed Sherlock's slutty long legs across his broad knees, smirking at how every inch of Sherlock's body, from his narrow shoulders to his slim pale thighs, was shivering nicely. A peony blush bloomed over his virginal white skin. John had never seen anyone with such flawless white skin as his little Sherlock.
Greg raised an eyebrow but pulled out. Sherlock let out a frustrated cry and began to shake his head from side to side.  John laid down next to his lover and kissed him on the head.
He took a deep breath trying to collect himself. He was going to go out there and fuck his bunny. It didn't matter how much pain he was in. He was fine at that moment but when those suppositories hit he was going to be hurting.
As more brutal inches of that searing length was slowly shoved into his resisting body, a long squeal slid out between his tightly pressed lips. Despite all of the embarrassment of the situation, he felt his hole producing more slick himself starting to harden. He was getting taken by his wolf in front of a bunch of strangers.
His wolf hated having things in his ass. That’s why he had picked the laxative. He knew it would drive him crazy. He wanted to see his lover’s face distort with pain as he struggled not to go to the bathroom. Sherlock could easily hold three of them. No doubt his wolf lover would want to prove he was as strong as a weak bunny.
