“I...I..” Gabriel tried to reach up to pull Sam down but the hunter deftly avoided him. “I want you Sam!” He moaned out as Sam chuckled and pulled his shirt off and Gabriel smiled seeing his bare torso with only the tattoo on his left.
one turns out.
that, so he nods, commiserating with Claire about how fucked up the whole situation is. “You can say that again.”
Under where the sweatpants had been, Dean discovers a black leather wallet. He pauses, glancing at the nightstand, where the wallet Dean picked up for Cas at the Lebanon General Store rests next to Cas’ phone and alarm clock.
“What were you doing, then?” Cas asks.
“It’s alright,” she says. “Nice place to work part-time while I’m in school.”
“What did Sam say you called him? Your gay thing?”
a morning person—never has been, even when his job as a hunter sometimes required him to be. His habit of sleeping in late has only gotten worse now that he shares a bed with Cas, who is somehow even less of a morning person than Dean. He’s a grumpy, shameless, blanket hog, and he is not above using sexual favors to keep his own personal space heater in between the sheets with him for as long as possible. Unfortunately for the both of them, their kid rises with the sun. Jody tries to tell Dean that young children tend do that, it’s perfectly normal, but Dean’s pretty sure it’s just leftover divine punishment from Chuck.
“Thank you,” he says in his most sincere tone. “These will be nice to have on hand whenever I get sick of Han Solo.”
“Do you want to know what I wished for?” Jack asks.
Jack nods and opens the top drawer of his desk, where Dean knows he keeps some of his favorite books. Dean exits and is about to knock on Sammy’s door when something occurs to him. He takes a few steps back and smacks the doorframe to get Jack’s attention.
When he gets back, that drawer is empty, so Dean slides it back into the dresser and pulls out the next one. There are a couple of pairs of sweatpants haphazardly shoved inside, which Dean folds neatly and stacks on top of the bed. Seriously, he’s going to have to teach Cas a few things if this is really how he’s been living these past few months. Dean loves him, he does, but if Cas remains this chaotic and blasé about organization, then Dean’s not so sure this relationship is going to work out.
“You wanna make the filling?” Dean asks. Jack hesitates. “Come on, you got this. Just butter, cinnamon, and brown sugar. Can’t mess it up.”
When the sun crests over the horizon and the streetlamps flicker on, Dean decides it’s time to call it a night. They all stand by the cars, hugging goodbye and wishing Jack a happy birthday for the millionth time. Jody and Donna come at Dean from either side, squeezing him until he can’t breathe. Laughing, he shoves them away, rolling his eyes when Donna gives him a kiss on the cheek. He raises his eyebrows at Jody.
Dean abruptly becomes aware of a lump in his throat and a prickle behind his eyes. He looks away, only to catch Sam and Eileen making stupid faces at each other and Claire side-eyeing him like he’s gone completely off the deep end.
“This is so the dough doesn’t stick,” he explains, smearing flour along the length of the rolling pin, too. “It starts sticking, you just add more flour.”
“Don’t stay up too late,” Eileen says with a wink.
Jack rushes off, bumping into Cas in the doorway. He wishes Cas good morning—receiving only a grunt in return—and then speeds down the hallway towards Sammy’s room. For a moment, Dean hopes Jack doesn’t accidentally walk in on anything inappropriate, but he’s not worried enough to go burst through Sammy’s door himself. Instead, he focuses his attention on Cas. His pajama pants are dragging beneath his feet as he slides across the floor, and he has one of Dean’s hoodies zipped most of the way up over his bare chest. He collapses inelegantly in a chair next to Claire.
He and Jack fingerpaint the filling across the dough until it’s even, and then they lick the excess off, humming in pleasure the whole time. Dean’s not a
“Hey,” Dean shouts, gathering everyone’s attention. “We gunna stand out here all day or are we going to go build some bears?”
“Oh,” Sam says, startled. “Yeah, buddy. I did.”
, because there’s no way in hell he’s letting Sammy have the last word, when Cas not-so-kindly tells them both to “Shut the fuck up—the movie’s starting.”
“What bears you two pick out?”
“A sloth,” Jack and Cas both answer at the same time.
Cas comes back a few minutes later, after Dean’s pretty much already made his decision. He pulls his baby down onto his lap, one arm secured snugly around his stomach, and hooks his chin over Cas’ shoulder. He silently holds his phone out for Cas to look at, which he does while taking a long pull from Dean’s beer bottle.
The night Dean stumbled upon them in his dad’s journal, he felt like he had been sucker punched in the solar plexus. He felt an actual, literal, physical pain in his chest. Sam had been sleeping in the other bed—fitfully, probably, like most nights that year—and Dean couldn’t stay in the motel room. He had to scream, or punch something—maybe even both, so he’d staggered out to the car in his flannel pajama pants and bare feet, despite the chill in the air. They’d been somewhere in the Southwest, and Dean found himself driving on autopilot out into the desert. He parked the car on the side of the road and just—sagged. Collapsed against the steering wheel like he was a puppet and someone had cut his strings. He pulled Dad’s journal into his lap, thumbing it to the page Mom’s photo was paperclipped to. Dean stared at it for hours. He’s not even sure he blinked. It wasn’t until the sun started peeking past the horizon that he broke out of the spell and remembered that Dad was missing and Sam was grieving. They didn’t have time for him to mourn his long-dead mother, and they certainly didn’t have time for him to tenderly trace a finger across her wide smile over and over and over. So, he drove back to the motel and pretended to be asleep when Sam jerked up out of a nightmare forty-five minutes later.
two, in case they get distracted. They carry the hanging clothes over together, and then they crack open the dresser drawers. Apparently, no one ever taught Cas the normal human way to organize his room, so half of the dresser is full of random junk instead of actual clothes.
The only answer Dean gets is the sound of the ball bouncing against the floor again. Dean sighs dramatically as he returns to his drawer, hoping for some attention, maybe a kiss or two, but Cas is already focused on his own task. Grumbling under his breath, Dean gathers the various burner phones and charging cords and carries them over to his room. He’s got a shoebox full of his own phones on top of the shelf in his closet, so he adds Cas’ to it, doing his best to keep them separate enough that they won’t confuse them in the future.
“Raincheck,” he promises, as he climbs out of bed and slips into his robe. He pulls it closed enough to hide the marks Cas has left on his skin, knowing Sammy’s annoying little brother senses will home in on them immediately if left uncovered.
“I think that’s a great choice, Jack,” Cas assures him.
“In the mood for movie night?” Cas asks eventually.
“Nothing,” Dean says, and then he amends his answer: “Just something for Claire.”
and decorated the front with doodles of colorful flowers and frogs. Dean slides the tape into the deck and is immediately bombarded with the sound of trumpets and synthesizers.
And he does. He walks into his bedroom, shutting the door behind himself and retrieving the plastic shopping bag from beneath his bed. He sets it on top of his desk, pushing some of his other papers and folders to the side so he has room to work. First, he takes out the photo album. There’s a small window on the front that reveals the first page, made of a thicker paper than all the rest. Dean plucks a black sharpie out of his pencil cup and writes
The cranky little wrinkle between Cas’ eyebrows doesn’t dissipate, so Dean cuddles in close and starts pressing open mouthed kisses along the line of Cas’ jaw. “Come on,” he repeats. “I’ll make it worth your while.”
“I went with the Clydesdale,” Jody says, holding up her stuffed horse. “And she is
When Dean wakes up in the morning, it’s from a bright light shining directly on his face. He groans, covering his eyes with his hand and spreading his fingers just enough that he can squint one eye open and see what the hell is going on. The light is coming from the hallway, and Jack’s in the doorway, one hand still wrapped around the knob.
“For sure,” Dean says. “It’s very… cool.”
“You still have them?” Dean asks, even though he probably knows the answer.
Claire stops by a few weeks later, on her way back to Sioux Falls after a hunt in Dumas, Texas and in need of somewhere to crash. She says over the phone that the bunker’s cheaper than a motel and has comfier beds, too, and Dean knows how to read between the lines.
Eileen goes straight for the bacon, and Dean laughs. God, he knew he liked her.
Dean feels his eyes bug out of his head. “Cropped? Isn’t that… you know… for girls?”
Dean notices Sam, Eileen, and Jack watching him from the next station.
Once he and Cas are alone, he takes a shaky breath, the adrenaline from today finally leaving his body, and Cas pulls him into a warm embrace. Dean tucks his face into the crook of Cas’ neck and feels their chests move in tandem.
“Alright, alright,” Dean surrenders. “Open the next one.” Cas squints at Dean suspiciously. “It’s age appropriate, I swear.”
“Yes!” Jack exclaims. Dean helps him balance all three boxes in his arms and holds the door open as Jack passes through. Jack turns left down the hallway, and Dean goes right towards his room. Inside, he slips the plastic shopping bag off his arm and stows it beneath his bed for later. He notices his Han Solo monkey and Cas’ angelic sea turtle placed atop the pillows at the head of the bed—Cas must’ve taken them out of the boxes while Dean was gone. He smiles, pressing his monkey’s hand to hear that familiar
Dean stops by the kitchen to reheat some takeout leftovers, and when he passes back through the library, it doesn’t look like Jack has moved, but his toys are back in the box and out of the way. Dean thanks him and returns to his room. The smell of sweet and sour chicken rouses Cas from sleep, and they eat lunch in bed, criss-cross-applesauce atop the sheets.
“You eat any of my popcorn?” Dean asks as he passes through the doorway.
Emily has him stand on the operating pedal while she stuffs his hot pink sloth, asking him questions like what’s his favorite animal (axolotl), his favorite holiday (Valentine’s Day), and how old he’s turning today (four). That last answer throws her off enough that some stuffing escapes the tube and floats through the air. Cas reaches out his hands to try and catch some, and Dean just gives her one of his prize-winning grins instead of trying to explain—he wouldn’t even know where to begin. Looking a little dazed, she finishes up with Jack’s sloth and then walks Jack through the heart ceremony, adding a few extra steps for him, since he’s much more into the whole thing than Sam had been. After that, it’s Dean’s turn.
“I messed up.”
Dean asks.
“Cas’ family,” Dean answers. “Kinda.”
Jack is the only one who actually responds—“Bears!”—but everyone makes their way inside the store, where an employee is waiting to greet them. She looks somewhat taken aback, which Dean can’t really blame her for. For all that Jack is four years old, he still looks like he’s about to pack up and move away to college. Dean comes to stand behind Jack, placing his hands on his shoulders and presenting him to the girl.
gets Dean directly on the eyeball. Yuck! Dean can’t wait to see how
“No!” Jack insists, looking horrified at the prospect alone. “I just—don’t know what to pack.”
“Thanks, Dean!”
“I’m glad you liked it,” Dean says.
“Yeah,” Dean repeats, quieter. It’s kind of insane how much better Dean can feel after a hug from Cas. They stand there, embracing, until Dean hears Sam start wolf-whistling from the other side of the store. Dean flips him off as he pulls away. Once they’re face-to-face again, Cas tilts his head, his eyes roving all over Dean’s features. Dean’s not sure what he’s looking for—or what he finds, either. Whatever it is, it must reassure Cas that Dean’s not about to have a complete mental break in the next five minutes. He gazes down at his turtle.
across the front. Dean stares at it for a minute, and then he stares at Claire, who shamelessly stares right back. It is absolutely a contest.
Dean’s never going to get sick of Han Solo, but Claire sure as shit doesn’t need to know that. He watches as her mischievous grin falters minutely. Jack returns before either of them can say anything else.
“Straight and then turn right,” Sam whispers when he returns to Dean’s side. “There’s an escalator at the end of that wing that should take us right up to the front of the store.”
“Yeah?” Dean asks.
It doesn’t take long for Dean to get worked up—Cas not too far behind him—and they both lose track of time. Hell, Dean even forgets they’ve got a rigid schedule to keep to until he hears Sammy pounding on the door and yelling, “Hey, what happened to twenty minutes?”
does she do that?!
“No, nothing like that. More of a personal call, actually.”
Jody laughs, sharp, like it unexpectedly punched its way out of her chest.
“Guess what happened on Riverdale this episode, Dean!” Jack says.
They follow Sam’s route, passing a handful of elderly couples powerwalking in matching tracksuits and young mothers pushing strollers with sleeping babies inside. They find the escalator, and Dean gets on first, the others a few steps behind. As he’s carried closer to the second level, Dean spots Jody, Donna, and Claire lingering just to the right of the store. Donna sees him first and waves in enthusiastic excitement. Dean steps off the escalator and takes a few strides forward, turning around so he can see the moment Jack figures it all out.
Jack whips his head around to look up at Cas, his eyes wide, and Cas informs him, “It’s a surprise.” Dean smiles at Cas’ serious tone and goes to fill up a plate with a massive heaping of eggs and bacon, as well as his burnt pancakes. Sam slaps him on the shoulder as he passes by.
“Come on,” he says. “Close the door. Don’t wake your dad up.”
,” Cas chastises in his
The drive home to the bunker is peaceful. Dean lets Cas choose the music, and he finds a radio station playing acoustic covers of pop songs. Dean’s first instinct is to turn it off, but he hears Cas quietly humming along under his breath and decides to leave it alone. As they pass the border from Nebraska into Kansas, Dean glances in the rearview mirror and sees all three of them conked out—Eileen and Jack both with their heads resting on Sam’s shoulders. Dean smiles and pats Cas’ knee to get his attention. Cas takes a picture and taps on his phone a few times, probably sending it to Jody, Donna, and Claire. Maybe even Rowena. She’d like having an unflattering photo of Sammy, that’s for sure.
and selects the rainbow option for frosting color. Cas looks over at Dean for approval.
After that, it’s easy enough to open Sammy’s laptop and book a reservation. Jack’s birthday is on a Tuesday this year, so maybe they’ll luck out and the place won’t be too crowded. As he’s researching bakeries in the area, Jack comes bounding into the library, tracking mud
Dean’s next to Cas, whose sea turtle is now sporting a gaudy angel costume made up of white mesh and silver décor. The wings stick out from under either side of the shell. Cas notices Dean side-eyeing it and makes a funny little facial expression—part eye roll, part
, and Cas had refused to speak to him for a day and a half. Loneliest day and a half of his life, and Dean had spent most of his childhood watching over his napping baby brother and wishing his dad was home. So. No way in hell he’s doing
Sam nods and makes his way to the garage, presumably stopping to pick up Jack and Eileen on his way. Dean continues down the hall until he reaches Cas’ room. The door is cracked, and Dean pushes it open to find Cas sitting on the edge of his bed, bent over at the waist and tying his shoes. Truthfully, Cas doesn’t spend a lot of time in his bedroom. He sleeps with Dean every night—has since he got back from the Empty—and during the day he’s usually gardening with Jack or reading in silent companionship with Sam or watching movies in the Dean Cave with, you know, Dean. He keeps his clothes in the closet and some of his accumulated possessions on the desk, but Dean doesn’t see why he can’t clear some hanger space and a drawer or two to make space in his own room. And besides, his room has that cool ledge above the bed—the perfect place for a few of Cas’ smaller potted plants and the various rocks Jack has collected and carefully placed into Cas’ palm at the end of an adventure. Dean doesn’t see why they don’t make it official and just—move in together. Maybe he’ll bring it up when they get back this evening. For now…
“Happy birthday, kid,” Dean says, spreading his arms wide. Cas and Sam echo the sentiment, all three of them watching attentively as Jack examines the scene before him. Jack takes a second to process, and then a brilliant smile erupts across his face, so full of surprise and joy that Dean feels something clench tightly in his own chest.
“Five dollars you’re wrong,” Jack says.
“You guys having fun?” Jody asks, upbeat and smiling wide.
“Thanks, Dean!” Jack says, smiling, and Cas looks slightly less murderous now, too, thank god.
“You bet,” he says, climbing out of the car and opening Jack’s door for him. He stumbles out less gracefully, not as used as the rest of them to sitting in a car for hours on end. Cas comes around from the other side and helps Jack with his backpack, zipping it up all the way once it’s over both of Jack’s shoulders. Jack grips the straps and scrutinizes the mall. Luckily, there’s not a sign advertising Build-A-Bear on this side of the building.
Dean has just lit the candles when Jack wanders into the kitchen, Cas and Sam right behind him.
“At Randy’s house,” Cas says, “after, well. After. Sam thought it would be smart to wipe all our prints and make sure there weren’t any footprints. For when the police came. He found Jimmy’s wallet somewhere in the house.”
Cas smiles at that, eyes sparkling, and he leans in to give Dean a quick kiss.
“Sam’s.”
Jack drops his hands down into his lap and gasps when he sees the cake.
Emily leads them towards the back of the store, where she proceeds to explain how the day is going to go. Dean booked the most expensive party package, so they’ve got free reign when it comes to bear choice—no option is off limits, apparently. They each get to choose a bear, an optional sound effect, and an outfit. One whole wall of the store is filled with all the potential bears to choose from, and Dean is shocked at how many options there actually are. Some of them seem to be normal teddy bears, whereas others are famous cartoon characters, like the ones from the Lion King. Dean spots the How to Train Your Dragon one Jack mentioned. It
Claire avoids eye contact with all three of them, and subtly runs a finger under both of her eyes to catch the unshed tears. Dean notices it smudges her eye makeup.
Dean settles back onto the couch, pressing the entire length of their sides together and leaning his weight heavily into Cas. They’d been sprawled across the whole thing horizontally before Claire texted, Dean on top with Cas’ hands running absentmindedly up and down his spine, but Dean figured that, as comfortable as Claire had gotten with them lately, that might’ve been a bit much.
—bed, presumably deciding where it should live.
“What are pop rocks?” he asks, and every one of them but Cas starts laughing.
that. “What do you need a bouncy ball for, Cas?”
Cas crosses the room and climbs atop the bed, walking on it precariously, his feet sinking deep into the memory foam with every step. His collection of trinkets was the first thing they brought over, and Cas stood on the bed for twenty minutes arranging them to his satisfaction. Now, he sets the angel down between a figurine of a dog made of cabbage (another thrift store find) and a tiny, navy blue and turquoise pinch-pot Jack made for Cas during a ceramics workshop at the Lebanon community center.
Cas makes his way back to the foot of the bed, and Dean stands up to meet him there. Dean usually doesn’t have to look up at Cas, and he’s gotta admit, he’s kinda into it. Cas leans down, taking Dean’s face in both hands and giving him a kiss.
“You got your heart set on cinnamon rolls?”
“No way,” he responds.
“Whatever you say,” Jack says, and okay, alright, enough of that. Dean stands up and points at the mess Jack and Cas have
Walking into the Dean Cave, Dean takes note of the DVD title screen on the TV and throws a handful of popcorn kernels at the back of Sam’s head, where he’s bent over trying to set up subtitles.
Cas nudges him. “There’s one more thing in there.”
voice.
“Forget the laptop,” he says. “What the hell are you two doing getting mud all over my bunker? Huh?”
Dean makes a face at her, and she makes an even uglier one back at him.
“We’re watching Constantine,” Cas tells her, the invitation clear in his voice.
“Yeah,” Dean says, turning back to Cas, and before he even realizes what he’s doing, he finds himself throwing both arms around Cas’ shoulders and collapsing into a hug. Cas’ own arms come up around Dean’s waist automatically—not a moment of hesitation,
“Everything good out there?” she asks. “Need help with a case?”
Dean laughs, the sound mostly muffled by Cas’ mouth. “Yeah, babe,” he says, barely audible. “What do you say we get this show on the road?”
Dean waggles his eyebrows. “Yeah, you’d know all about stuffing, wouldn’t you?” he teases.
“Meesa like the turtle,” Dean says, using his best Jar Jar Binks impression.
Cas looks up at Dean, perplexed. “What would I dress a sea turtle in, Dean?”
For a split second, Dean regrets it, thinking of all the insane mixes Jack has put together over the past couple of months after Dean showed him how. Dean would say he inherited his taste in music from his father, but even Cas doesn’t listen to stuff
“No friggin’ way,” he cheers as he rushes to the far corner and tugs a Han Solo costume off the hanger. He presents it to Jack. “This is the one.”
—being Tilda Swinton and Balthazar being a demon was absolutely batshit insane. Dean’s brain hurts if he thinks about it all too hard. It was entertaining, at least.
Cas glares and shoves him away, but Dean can see his lips twitching in an attempt to hide his amusement. He drops the bear back in its bin and hangs onto the sea turtle, too, so Dean knows it’s all an act. They both move along and wind up next to Jack, who is staring very intently up at the display for a hot pink, fuzzy…. something.
“I wasn’t the one who spent forty minutes in the shower,
Claire does, and she lets out a quiet laugh when she sees the next photos. Her gaze is less heavy as she explores the third and fourth pages, which isn’t too much of a surprise, but it makes Dean feel more like he’s done something right with this. Eventually, she closes the album and sets it down gently on the armchair. Then she springs forward for a hug, standing on her tip toes so she can wrap her arms around Dean’s neck.
“Well, I was a little busy carrying my six-month-old baby brother out of a flaming inferno” he says, wryly. “Didn’t have a chance to grab any of my favorite toys.”
Dean gives in and tackles Cas into a bruising kiss, just like he’s sure Cas expected him to, and he doesn’t relent until he starts to smell something burning.
Cas, of course, knows a challenge when he hears one and pushes Dean against the shower wall, a determined look in his eye.
“And this one, of course,” she says, smiling slyly now, “would be for Benny.”
“Will do,” Dean promises, and then he hangs up.
“Close your eyes and make a special wish,” Emily instructs them, and Dean sees Sam make his patented side-eye-judgey-face instead of doing as he’s told. Jack tugs on Sam’s sleeve.
Dean’s not sure how the kid found out about Build-A-Bear. He and Cas have been limiting Jack’s internet access ever since the unfortunate Twitch streaming incident, and it’s not like Dad ever took Dean or Sam to one of those places. Maybe Claire’s to blame. She’s always conspiring against Dean and Cas, manipulating Jack into asking questions neither of them knows how to answer, like why are babies made and did Dean choose his dad the way Jack chose Cas?
“Thank you,” she says.
“You want in on this, angel?” Dean asks.
“Are we here?” Jack asks, his brows furrowed in confusion. He looks exactly like his father, and Dean smiles at the thought.
Claire walks up to him and wraps an arm snugly around Jack’s neck in an embrace Dean is only about sixty percent sure isn’t going to end in a headlock and a wet willy.
“Cas?” Dean probes, and he sees the moment Cas resigns himself to having whatever this conversation is going to turn out to be.
Jack copies Dean’s motions, but the pin just ghosts across the surface of the dough, hardly rolling it out at all.
“Here you go, Dean,” Jack says, leaning forward to hand Dean a tape. Jack has titled it
made of the hardwood floor.
“I know,” she says, more serious this time.
Dean pulls him back over to the table, sitting down in his chair and scooting to the side to make room for Cas’ chair in front of the laptop. One of the bakeries he’d found had a cake design page on their website, where you could submit photographs to be printed onto the cake itself, as well as celebratory phrases to be written in frosting. Dean rotates the laptop so it’s easier for Cas to type, and he watches as Cas spends almost twenty minutes clicking through Google Images. Ultimately, he decides on a marble cake with white frosting, the top decorated with photos of that Archie kid from Riverdale, a frog wearing a little cowboy hat, and some chick named JoJo Siwa. In the message box, Cas types
“Plants tend to be green, jerk.” Sam teased and was shoved by Dean, but his older brother was chuckling and seemed…lighter somehow. Just slightly. Sam wasn’t naïve to think it was pre-wedding jitters or the fact Dean was getting married. It was just Castiel, the angel was good for Dean, good for his health.
“But apple, apple is the best.” Dean smiled remembering the apple pies he had gotten in Vermont. They were by the far the best yet, but the ones he was able to make was by far the best. He had only been able to do it once but it was the best and he only wished he could find one that tasted just as good.
“It's about time you two got on with it.” Sam grinned and gave a raised eyebrow at Dean when he opened his mouth to argue. It was true, the amount of times that Dean and Castiel had held the poor moose suffering unresolved sexual tension. A lot of unresolved sexual tension.
The Impala is Dean’s home more than any four walls could hope to be. To make a replica would not be as good and Dean deserved that, he put his heart and soul into that Chevrolet, same as the weapons he made and curated himself.
- - - - -
Well…eye sockets. His green eyes were gone, melted out of his skull. The angel turned god gasped out from seeing the cold hard truth of what had happened.
“I like cake better than pies, and I’m pretty sure Dean-o would consider that sacrilegious.” Gabriel chuckled, “I don’t feel like getting shot,” getting shot wouldn’t kill him, wouldn’t even hurt him really, not badly at least. Sam however didn’t find this funny.
Little two year old Dean was a strange child, but he was the apple of both his parents eyes. It was so hard to think that once upon a time they hated each others guts, slowly learning to love each other over time. Mary had something she didn't tell her husband since she never really thought about it, but she had been born with a innate sense. She used to trust it impeccably.
“Vi gets to become a hunter?!” Jacob asked shocked, of the two Sam wouldn't be surprised if Jacob decided on that life. However with the shock of Violet maybe he wouldn't.
And sure, seeing the pepper-and-salt color of his husband's hair makes him look so adorably middle aged.
“No problem De, thanks for being with me to protect me to.” Castiel added to make him feel better and Dean chuckled before the two settled down for sleep.
“Wh-wh-” it hit both children hard. They were adults but they would forever be kids to the angels. They were their baby girl and baby boy. Their little ones. Their kids.
“I can fly you Dean.” Castiel explained reaching out to take Dean's hand, “we can go wherever you want Dean. Is there anywhere you always wanted to see Dean?” Dean didn't say anything and Castiel knew that there was something that his mate was not saying, “Dean, you trust me,” it was not a question, “so tell me.”
“Of course, it’s the…” Castiel didn’t finish but Dean didn’t need him to.
“Yes, it can get to that point. It hasn't yet; but if it is allowed to go long enough, it will.” Gabriel explained, “they are a pain right now but once they become a demon,” he let out a whistle, “they might be pretty low level but strong enough to be a problem-especially if there is a group of them.”
“What? Cas what happened?!” Sam asked already looking around worried. What happened to his brother?
“Not as good as yours, I'm sure.”
“If you scream, run to Jacob's room, lock the door and make a circle around him with the stuff in the blue box and stay in the circle.” She repeated dutifully and Dean nodded kissing her forehead.
“Yes. Buddy.” Sam answered giving his standard Bitch Face to his brother. “Jerk.”
This was embarrassing. So embarrassing. Worst then when his dad had heard his vocal first wet dream. Only saving grace he had was that John was just as embarrassed as he was so had never said anything, but with Castiel he didn't have any feeling of shame or embarrassment.
As far as Gabriel was concerned, the choice had been made. Sam liked the building, Dean and Castiel agreed on it. This would be their cafe. He began making the accommodations that he would need to do to get the building. Of course with Sam and Dean's official wanting by the FBI and both being considered dead they would have to go over something else.
“Oh well I was thinking maybe it was a...” Sam began going over the different ideas he had it might be by what he had discovered about different things the Winchester boys had gone up against that were or were not in the book. Gabriel wasn't really listening beyond the sound of his voice but just smiled at him.
He couldn't sense where he was, but whoever lived here took cooking seriously. The kitchen was decked out. Lots of counter space, including a large double length island, two sinks, a double oven, as well as a huge fridge and freezer and microwave. Looking closer he saw there was a pizza oven-a wood fire one-built into the wall. Taking up a lot of the almost egregious counter space was all the kinds of gadgets that anyone could want; an air fryer, a stand mixer, a food processor, a nutribullet, a blender, a smart chopper-everything. For all the cooking space there was little eating space, just a breakfast nook.
“No, our Dean, he’s alive, he-“ Castiel cut off as the pain increased, he hadn’t felt this powerless and the pain since he was on the full force of losing his grace.
“You think that will fool me?” Sam scoffed, not stopping at all, and if anything, he instead made the pain worsen faster. “This universe’s Dean might be alive, but you killed my brother!”
“Where are we?” Sam asked shocked looking around as Dean got his bearings.
He would have taken him back to the universe, but he worried a bit that if he did that, he could seriously hurt the archangel. Not only could he still remember a little bit of Gabriel back when he was a fledgling, he was a good brother to him, and he didn’t want any more angels to die. Too many were in the Empty as is, and since Gabriel still slumbered from the Empty, he didn’t know what would happen.
Dean, again, wanted to go foreword to check Sam for himself. He trusted Gabriel in a way he normally didn't trust people. It wasn't that almost instantaneous trust he had with Castiel but he did trust the archangel. Maybe it was how similar the archangel was to him, a similar sense of humor and justice. Still he didn't like the idea of him getting too close to his baby brother.
“Makes me sound like a pet.”
“NO!” Dean screamed before calming down a bit, still rushing to say what he needs to say to assure Castiel it wasn't like that. “I'm just shocked man, you never even hinted at it. But I'm not...opposed to it.” Dean said and could feel the heat stealing across his face as he said this.
“I will not let you harm yourself Dean.”
Despite promising that, there were no hunters available. The closest one was dealing with another set of drowned spirits seems to happen constantly. They were almost getting worried that maybe a set of witches are making the ghosts or something.
“More? More what?” Sam teased and Gabriel groaned but still held still, only part of it was the one hand at his hip holding him still, the rest was the fact that Sam was holding him still and he would do whatever Sam wished he did.
“Yes.”
- - - - -
And like that Gabriel was standing alone.
There is the hunt in Topeka you and Dean found. I can't cover it.
“What's wrong with cats? You are holding one right now.” He pointed out and Dean looked down at the kitten in his hand stroking it gently and humming.
“Better pick before we get in the car. Can't kiss while one of us is driving.” Sam smirked and Gabriel gasped worried.
“Okay huggy bear, get the flour and salt in a bowl and mix it.” He could trust Castiel to do it while he got out the butter and a knife. Once Castiel had mixed it he put the stick into it and taking Castiel's hand over the knife showed him as he began cutting into it. Castiel didn't question what he was doing and instead allowed him to do so. Dean began adding a bit of water as Castiel picked up the wooden spoon again stirring it until Dean had seen it was enough as it became a ball of dough.
For him to lie, to John Winchester of all people, when he was only fifteen years old. The shock of that was enough to snap him out of his full-on anger mode.
“You and I both know I know you better then that Sammy.” Sam sighed looking away but Gabriel waited for him to speak and after a few moments he did.
Reaching out with his grace he made sure that Grace was fine before he slipped out of the room following his mate.
“Huh?”
“You want it?” He asked looking at him shocked and Castiel frowned tilting his head slightly as he always did when he was confused.
He had thought of this picture so often he knew exactly where Dean was, so he pointed to it. The woman slowly took the photo to look and then placed it into Sam’s hand. “No, I’m sorry.” He could hear her heartbeat. She was lying. Sam knew there were several choices, but he decided to go with the honey approach, if it didn’t work he’d go for the vinegar. If that didn’t work, he had magic.
“Why didn't you kill me?” He asked and Dean gasped looking at his younger brother, Gabriel moved foreword as if waiting for Dean to try that.
“Huh…’get fucked you…wow…damn. And I thought that I was a bastard.” Dean froze, it was bad to hear a voice, but it wasn’t Castiel’s voice.
Sam's mind goes blank, as it often does when seeing Gabriel's wings. Not only was it huge for someone who used to be quiet religious and devout to see any angel, but to see six wings was also amazingly huge. He never thought of an angel having more then two wings-one set-but for Gabriel to have six, and they to be a gold instead of bright white felt natural and just so Gabriel.
But the little kittens bathing each other and cuddling as they slept with Mama cat taking a well deserved break but still bathing her kittens with a stray lick every once in a while. “They are innocent. In a way only your very young are.”
“Dean?”
“Sam...what if they are hurt?” Dean asked looking out the window of the Impala, with Sam and Dean in the front having no idea that the angels they were talking about were sitting right behind them.
- - -
That calmed him that whatever Gabriel was talking about wouldn't go past what he was comfortable with. He still was on edge though as he hated to ever have something he didn't understand about the supernatural, especially when it pertained to him. He didn't have Sam's wish to learn for learning's sake, knowledge was power; he needed it to just survive.
“Yeah she is alive here to, or she was before I died,” Gabriel assured, “but Jahzara did reject her at first, the reason that she survived was because Jahzara didn’t mean it. She felt like she had to but didn’t want to.” Castiel blinked for a moment and Gabriel groaned, “do you not get it? Jahzara rejected her but didn’t mean it, and it didn’t kill her. It hurt but wasn’t life-threatening.”
“Don't you want to know where we are?” Gabriel asked and Sam glanced at the pillows sitting on either side of the couch in the tasteful decorated living room. It was the only big thing that told him where he could be. It was in the pattern of the Union Jack.
Dean smiled softly as he allowed his fingertips to stroke down Castiel’s long soft back. Castiel hummed, the one thing that Dean had learned from all this other than Castiel felt the same for him as he had been hiding for years was that Castiel liked to be touched. He was almost as touch starved as Dean was, and all but melted when Dean touched him, it didn’t matter if he was holding the angel’s hand, rubbing his back and massaging him, or throwing an arm over his shoulder as they watched movies. The one thing Castiel liked to do more than be touched or touch Dean himself was to praise Dean. It was like now that he was allowed to, he rained down compliments onto the green-eyed hunter.
Castiel blinked for only a few moments before hurrying over to find Dean. He couldn't worry about what the other Dean meant, he had bigger things to worry about. “Dean!” He gasped as he opened the door and seeing Dean, his Dean throwing his face up.
“Yeah right! When have you known dad to be truthful?!”
- - - - -
“You should be worshipped, they so many see you and react to you having no idea just how much you do for them, just where your perfection lies.”  He got closer to him, invading his personal space but Castiel didn’t care. Here, this right here was where he belonged, breathing in shared air with his hunter, feeling the warmth of his body bleeding through both their clothing and his soul shining so brightly that his body could not even hold it back. “I guess I should be grateful, I’m the jealous type.” Castiel smirked as it seemed that Dean had forgotten how to speak, and it was too cute to him.
When they bought the building the names on the lease were something that made them all smile.
He began having dinner at their house growing up at least once a month, he would take them to the fair giving their parents some time for a date night-or whatever their parents did when they were not around-sometimes Crowley even got to see their school plays and their gymnastics meets, soccer games, and graduations or transfers as they grew up.
- - - - -
It had started from the very beginning. The first time he saw Castiel not knowing who he was and as he and Bobby shot him over and over again but he was fine. He knocked Bobby out and as Dean was worried what would happen to him-what this strange man would do. But he spoke in such a deep voice, how he gripped him tight and raised him up, and that he was an angel of the lord.
“Yeah, apparently it wasn’t pretty.” Gabriel agreed and though he never really went into detail he knew whatever it was couldn’t be good.
“You don't think one day you can have a home?”
“Me?”
“Dean.” Castiel said in the same dark, deep voice he had, and Dean shuddered a bit, he missed that liquid smoke gravelly voice.
When he came to the home, they shared he didn’t see Dean right away but that was okay. Dean did like getting caught up on his beloved medical soap opera, he didn’t really like when Dean made moony eyes at Dr. Sexy, but it was Castiel who got to hold Dean in his arms. He knew that Dean had a thing for cowboys so maybe when he had gotten a bit more comfortable being around Castiel the angel turned god could take him into the past where he would get to see being a cowboy. Just like before when he and his native universe’s Dean would hunt Castiel watching over him and making sure that no more died if the hunter couldn’t figure out what it was or guessed wrong. At first Dean hadn’t talked to the people, just finding out who needed help and being gone, more like a ghost. But Castiel had discovered it was best for Dean that he met the people and interviewed them, the green eyed man had no problem with people not knowing all they did for him but it was better for Dean to know the people, to not see it that he was killing monsters but to have the faces of the people he was saving in his mind’s eye.
“Jerk.” Sam responded not even looking to Dean. “Why is that?”
“Baby? I'd think you'd be all for thinking of us as boyfriends.”Dean said frowning thinking of this, this rejection from Castiel cut him to the quick, much more than he thought it would. Dean was never one for labels, as long as Castiel kept loving him, kept treating him the same, who cares if he didn't like referring to Dean as his boyfriend? Maybe he wanted to use another word; like significant other or something? It always sounded stupid to him but he would go with it for his angel.
“Telekinesis?” Gabriel gasps out looking at Sam with new, shocked, eyes.
So even despite how worried he was, how deeply he wanted to stay away from Sam, both because when he first turned into a god his angelic instincts came full force, especially when Dean and he had confessed their feelings for each other. Angels are possessive and protective of their mates; they were very atypical to humans.
And so, Sam had crushed up two pain pills and two melatonin pills to help him sleep.
“No shit, Sherlock.”
“You didn’t feel anything?” Gabriel questioned and shook his head, “wait, how was Dean moving through the dimensions?”
“Well I woke up all alone, my husband gone and my ring missing. When I finally get a whiff of him it turns out that he is dimension hopping looking for a new Dean.” He chuckled and leaned forward, running his fingers along the back of Castiel’s neck, “so I’m in the market for a new hubby~”
It was supposed to be a date for Gabriel and Sam to get to know each other more but Gabriel couldn't find it in himself to resent that. Not only was Dean a good guy, someone he had come to see as a good friend and a good man-not just a righteous man but a good one-and he could feel empathy as a older brother himself. He had been the third created archangel, he remembered how the oldest brother Micheal was once caring so much about all the angels, Lucifer had once made sure that everyone was okay and safe and were being treated well, Gabriel himself was the fun older brother and made sure that they were all okay. As first Lucifer had fallen, then Micheal had changed so much as the one brother who felt closest to had disappeared leaving only Gabriel but it had hurt too much. Whichever side he chose he'd be fighting his loved ones.
“Hey kid, calm down, I’m not going to hurt you.” He promised, he was planning to leave but the kid just gave a fearful squeak.
“Dean’s favorite is apple,” Castiel spoke up and the demon tilted his head a bit.
Castiel didn’t have the ingredients and so instead popped them into existence. He would find out later, when Dean had calmed down, what he wanted. Grocery shopping was something that Dean loved to do, he found it so freeing to go shopping for food without having to worry about watching every cent he had, or having to shoplift the food more often than not since John Winchester never left behind enough food or money for food for the young boy who was too young to get any quick money. He didn’t start hustling for pool until he was taught the tricks to be good enough when he was ten, and even then he didn’t look old enough till he was thirteen or fourteen for anyone to think him possibly a kid with a fake ID, so growing up shoplifting was what he had to do.
“They’re called fairy lights.” Dean grimaced at the word ‘fairy’ but instead focused on their soon to be wedding and grinned and headed to gather the angels. When he found the two, he paused seeing the armor that they were wearing.
“W-we were pl-playing and I ca-can't find him.” Sam frowned at that, he knew that the two had stayed inside the bunker. The boys had been taken to a park to play once or twice, Sam driving them a few towns over where they normally didn't do their supply runs where Sam got some things the bunker needed, since Dean was willing as a child to eat some fruits and vegetables every now and then. They stopped at a diner for lunch then took them to a park to play in. Babysitting his nephew and his best friend was the story that he told the other parents and few older siblings.
“So you wanted cuddles, huggy bear?” He asked and Castiel despite himself let out a chuckle.
How long had it been? Was his lover still alive? Did he think he abandon him? Gabriel could only hope that if he didn’t show up, he’d know he was dead.
We are lucky enough to find our match, so we help others find our match-or pull heads out of asses to realize you have-so hopefully you'll not be too mad.
“It is nice to meet you Rosalie, my name is Castiel.” He greeted as she handed the cavy to him fully and he smiled holding her.
“Yes I know, but not always, sometimes if they think they will commit suicide or are already destined for hell soon they will not bother. If the human keeps up they can turn themselves into a demon.” He explained and Castiel gasped but shook his head refusing to believe it.
“Shut your cake hole, Cas.” He was too late now as Gabriel was nodding as if this made so much sense now and Sam was looking at him shocked like he didn't understand.
“It was a bond, it was made the second my grace touched your soul.” He explained looking away as Dean turned to him. Castiel looked a bit green around the gills, not that he could blame him. He didn't know it had happened but he knew enough about his value to know how Castiel would feel about it, how could he even stand to be with Dean like that? Castiel had to hate him at this point, why would he want a broken human? One who no one ever wanted to even hang around him?
“Excuse me?” Dean takes a single step forward; he means it to be intimidating but Castiel has no fear. Dean still loves him; he knows he does. “That necklace was a gift from Sammy, I didn’t give it to you.”
“I feel okay,” Dean assured looking to his brother who nodded being okay to.
“Yeah huggy bear, they annoy me to.” He assured kissing Castiel's forehead.
“This is probably a bad idea.” Sam hums but it he didn't stop packing their weapons.
“What better way than when we are here where our love is the most sacred and beautiful in our nest?” Castiel hummed a bit, “should I have found a ring first?” At this Dean really did laugh and pointed towards his bedside table.
“Beloved, I’m right here.” Dean didn’t appreciate the joke and sighed.
“Of course, I do.” Castiel smiled gently, “you might be different, but you are the man that I fell in love with.” Castiel reached frowned trying to stroke Dean’s face but Dean caught his hand pushing it away and Castiel had to take a deep breath to calm himself. “Very well. Tell me, Dean, if I’m right: you love pie and your favorite is apple, but you really love cherry to, especially with that song you love about being someone’s cherry pie. Still you love every kind of pie really. You have been forced to grow up at the tender age of four becoming a parent to your little brother as well as the caretaker of your father, first emotionally then physically. Your fear of how to be able to feed Sam, the way you’ve been pulled from school to school and more worried to help Sam’s homework more than worried about doing your own; the childhood that you never really got to have, the one you tried so hard to give Sam when really you wanted your own. You want nothing more than someone to give you the love and care that you selflessly give everyone, even though you try to hide it, worried that someone will see you as weak if they knew how deeply and truly you loved.” He then smiled a soft smile, a single tear falling as he reached down to grip something under his shirt, “you have been hurt so many times that you try to fight against caring and loving and when you fail you try to pretend you don’t because it breaks your heart.” He sighed and finally a small tear fell down, “you hold everyone who dies from a supernatural creature, even ones whose deaths is what led you to the creature, before you even knew…” Castiel wet his lips before shaking his head.
“The one thing I know Cas is...you're my best friend, your my only true friend. And considering I never got to...I mean.” He shook his head and groaned hating how chick flick he was sounding. What was wrong with him?! Still this was something that was on a soul and grace deep level, there was no hiding from it. No hiding from the things he'd lock away in a box and push to the back of his mind. No matter how much he longed to do it. “I trust you.” He then chuckled and shook his head, “with the hell we've been through, the hell we've put each other through by being idiots-”
“Don’t you dare touch me!” He then grabbed Castiel by the neck and held him up off the ground, Castiel didn’t need to breathe to live but air being taken away from him suddenly had him gasping. “Let’s get this one thing straight, Dean is mine.” Castiel dropped the man and smirked, “stay out of my way.”
What was heard...can never be unheard.
Rose was much taller than her wife with short cropped hair and her dress was short and black with lilac and baby blue flowers decorating down the one shoulder and along her empire waist. Kristen, who was very short-she didn't reach her wife's height even with the nine inch heels she was sporting, her dress was a light peach color with red rose pattern over it. Kristen went first with Buddy on a leash leading him up to the angels and handed Buddy to Gabriel who held to the leash, having Buddy act as his best man, and Kristen kissed first his cheek and then Castiel's before moving to the side. Next came Rose with three little harnesses holding the guinea pigs, who all had big flowers held on to their little harness and once she got to the end she gave them to Castiel to handle them before hugging him and Gabriel, she did keep Bella with her since she had a love for long haired auburn fured guinea pigs. Still she stayed with her sisters just her harness was a bit further away from each other.
“For fuck's sake. Okay I get it.” Still Dean moved so he could whisper into his angel's ear. “I love you Cas.” He whispered and Castiel shivered and knowing how Dean felt about showing emotion, even in front of Sam and Gabriel raised his lips to Dean's ear.
“They annoy me.” He whispered nuzzling into Dean's neck and it caused him to chuckle.
He was grateful that Dean was in his right mind, healthy and well fed. But what had happened to him? He could worry about that later, for now he had to worry about getting Dean back home. There would be time for Dean’s story after.
“Hey Sammy,” Dean smiled, it had only been a day short of a week, but it was damn good to hear his little brother’s voice. The anxiety from not knowing where he was, not knowing if he was safe, was getting to him.
“Hey Sammy, what was at the-holy shit!” Dean jumped and Sam turned from Gabriel and he looked a bit closer, “midget?!”
“Well I didn’t do it by myself.”
When he pulled away Dean let out a whimper that he would never admit to. “It has been four hours.” Castiel answered and Dean looked at him like he was crazy before looking at the clock and seeing that it was indeed four hours later. “The hell?”
“Phokeepsie.” Dean used their special word to let each other know that it was really them and could hear the startled gasp.
“It normally gives a sense of...warmth...like the powers are manifesting in a little warm glow. It makes their aura glow as well like it is a light other then just normal color, it looks almost neon if they are particularly strong.” Gabriel explained and Dean gave a subtle gasp, he was looking down so when Castiel looked at him, he couldn't see his green eyes.
Castiel instead took his time to watch the minute muscle spasms of his face as he slept, he reached forward to allow his fingers to graze along Dean’s face, the soft arch of his eyebrows, the sweep of his forehead, down the bridge of his nose, along the sharp jut of his jaw, stroking along the apple like swell of his cheeks, along the slightly chapped but still velvet like texture of his plush lips.
They were even able to set it so that no one who meant harm to the Winchester brothers could get in.
For Castiel and Gabriel it all suddenly made sense but it just confused the hunters. “What the hell?” Dean questioned and Gabriel couldn't help but laugh.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mael died?” Castiel never thought about it, but knew that some things would be different, “in my universe Mael is alive and Jahzara is with her.”
“Sam-“
“Another universe’s version of you, I couldn’t tell what he was, but he wasn’t fully human.” Dean groaned at that throwing his head back.
“There are people who care about you Dean. Not just Sam, Gabriel and I, there are many of people who care” He shook his head, having known since within a few days of Dean coming back topside when he had pulled him from Perdition. “People who you've saved, who have met you-your soul shines so bright and though they can't see it they can sense it and they care to.”
Suddenly knowing that Dean still loved him didn’t feel as good. The demon seemed ready to go on but shook his head, a malicious smile taking over his face, truly making him look like the knight of hell, the demon, he was. It was enough for the god to feel a thrill of fear.
“Wh-what?” She looked at her hands and looking frowned. “I…I’m remembering.” Taking a deep breath, “Samantha if you’re watching I’ve got you and I always will. Dad, I-I know it’s been hard since you came back but I really do love you and Casti…oh Cas, I…I wish I could tell you how I…how I feel in person but I don’t know how long I’ll be remembering this so Casti, I-I love you.”
“It's just...as different as Dean and I are we always wanted the same thing. It took me a long time to realize that we did and what it was. A home.” Sam shook his head, “I thought at Stanford I could get it; become a lawyer and become a prosecutor, get a house, marry someone, and maybe even have some kids. Have uncle Dean come around.” He chuckled and looked over at Gabriel and smirked, “Dean wanted the same thing, since we were kids. Just that all he wanted was someone who would accept him for who he is. The good the bad and the ugly.”
“Gabriel, what are you thinking?” Though Sam said that, his tone of voice told the archangel exactly what his hunter meant. If you are planning something stupid, don't even think about dragging me into it.
“Could?” Dean repeated incredulous, “what are the odds? I'm not about to let Sam just go for a ten percent chance it will work.” Dean growled out and Gabriel sighed, he had seen something like this a thousand times over; older sibling powers activate.
Honeymoon.
“Good.”
“Come on Sam, let’s yank this sonuvabitch.” Castiel slipped into the shadows becoming invisible as he saw Dean. After searching through finding different hunters and following rumors he had finally found them; more importantly he found his Dean. The way he carried himself, the way that he moved, spoke, the plaid and leather, it made him think of his Dean. This one would hurt but Castiel still slipped into this universe’s Dean reading his mind. The more he learned of him the deeper he looked. He did not go all of the way, he never went too deeply into any Deans mind, not wanting to violate the love of privacy his hunter always loved.
He worried but he wouldn’t bring it up, Castiel was currently sitting in Dean’s lap and while it was shocking, he was glad for the change. Next time they went on a hunt, when they were sure the other Castiel was gone, he’d have to make sure that he got a separate room from them.
The building needed a lot of TLC but with all four of them working together they got it up and running in two weeks of work. Of course with them having to go on hunts those two weeks of work were spread across a month and a half. Dean had a natural instinct to working with his hands, he could repair almost anything and it was just a little bit of internet searches where he was able to get the pluming, electronics, lighting, and kitchen up to snuff. Castiel handled the cleaning and Sam took up the painting while Gabriel was getting the licenses needed to make the business legal.
“What the hell? You bastard! Where’s Dean!?” Sam was yelling way louder than he needed to, it was lucky no one ever came around the abandoned ‘warehouse’ but also so that Castiel could hear him. Seemed this other version of Castiel had known about the bunker.
“Sammy,” he whispered, and Sam shook slightly, and it was a good thing the witch could no longer see him, but it was his Gabriel.
“Well no matter what Dean says, I love you my dear sweet Sam.” The trickster cooed and Dean shook his head.
This is really short but I hope it isn't hard to follow, this just felt right.
“I will say this one more time. He. Is. Mine.” Castiel seemed to be ready to say more but heard a laughing voice and turned to see Raphael.
“Yeah, sure kiddo.”
“I don't own Sam. He can make his own choices.”
Dean's heart started pounding, those thoughts were back in his head. Dean was straight, he always thought of himself as straight. He was only ever attracted to women. When he first met Castiel there was something that pulled him to the angel, but why was it that over these years...thoughts came. When Castiel would look and smile at a little animal he'd smile and couldn't help but imagine that look on him. It's gotten stronger and stronger and more often. But Dean pushed it back every time not thinking about it after but he couldn't do that anymore.
“Yeah, and it gets worse.”
“You killed my brother. You are fucking trash.” He growled out and Castiel frowned, this was too much. He kept Sam’s focus on him as he sent his grace out searching out for Dean, the other version of Sam and his other version but frowned as he saw that Dean and the others were long gone, easily thirty miles away now if not more. And for his husband, he had no idea where he was.
“He called it a profound love.”
“I...I don't know. How do you chose one?”
“Relax for now Dean.” Castiel assured but Dean shook his head.
“I'm sorry beloved.” Gabriel whispered holding tightly to him and Sam shook his head leaning down to kiss his angel's cheek. “You're here now.”
“Seriously Dean? You were just kissing Cas and had him in your lap!”
“Dean?” Castiel questioned knocking Dean out of his running thoughts as he looked over to him, his wide green eyes clashing with Castiel's calm blue ones. “You are opposed to the idea?”
And he would use everything at his disposal to finally do his mission.
“Those are two very different things sis,” Jacob teased though he was in the same boat, he had no idea which it was either.
“Then how are you here?” Castiel asked and Dean hummed closing his eyes lovingly.
“That’s what I thought but he said he was through a lot of them, some he said didn’t have me but apparently I’m the first he came across to be ‘just like’ his Dean.”
“Well, the only thing I can think is that it either wasn’t the Dean that he mated with or he didn’t really mean it.”
There was nothing they could find, and it was eating away at them, the only good thing was that there was now a undercover society of hunters that could take hunts. They were not going to give up till they got to Dean.
“Psypire?” Gabriel was now even more confused.
He saw even more then before, this time allowing himself to see more and more of Dean. To understand more and more and see how the powers had effected him. While Sam could see into the future and move things with his mind Dean could see in the future as well but could not move things with his mind but seemed able to sense ghosts and spirits.
“Hershey.”
“So, make a decision?” The same woman asked smiling as she saw what he had done. He was a kind man, even if he didn't like to show it, she knew that she was right.
Sam rolled his eyes at Gabriel's excitement but still had some as well. Never having tried rhubarb pie before he ate it shocked at the almost stalked yet sweet taste and texture of the filling. It complimented the sweetness of the ice cream and he found he really liked it. It wasn't in your face pie which being the brother of Dean he got more then enough of, especially with two apple pies he would kill someone if he had to even look at more apple pie. But this was so different it was more then good enough and he could easily eat more rhubarb pie then. Especially if it meant being fed by Gabriel and feeding the trickster himself.
“I’ll get away eventually you son of a bitch.” Dean glared and Castiel let out a chuckle and smiled at him.
“You two belong with them.” Jacob finished for his sister, “you don't belong here if they aren't here, you two need to be with them.”
I am having trouble with a hunt.
Dean glared as he saw one of the side salads was for him, but the glare into his eyes that came from Castiel's own blue ones he knew exactly who it was that had decided to pick up the side. Gabriel had one as well and obviously wasn't happy either. Happier then Dean but far from happy with it.
And how the hell was there no phones in this entire house?! Sure, the house was, according to this scarred version of Castiel, this house hadn’t been inhabited for nearly about a decade but still the fact remained that there should be a phone or phoneline or something! Something he could get working somewhat at least. But no, nothing. Sighing Dean glanced around before looking between the two doors, he could leave out of what he assumed was the front door or he could leave out to the patio.
“You did? Perfect babe, I’m just picking some blueberries and then we can go. Where’s Sammy?” Dean put one pint down and picked up another one. He leaned over to kiss Castiel’s temple.
“Gabe?” He then let out a chuckle, “ooh, he is probably fucking Sammy’s brains out.” Dean made a face at that.
“But that didn’t happen, did it baby?” Dean sneered the endearment, making what was once love now was hatred. Castiel took a deep breath once again remembering Gabriel’s words, this was hurt and pain and fear from Dean, even desperation, desperation to not be hurt again. He nearly crumpled with the remainder, he was the one who hurt Dean, but Dean needed him, and he wouldn’t fall apart and take advantage of Dean’s caretaker personality.
“Hungry?” He teased as Sam wasn't like Dean, that man was a constant black hole when it came to food, always hungry. Not that Gabriel had much room to talk but he ate for the pleasure of eating, he didn't have to.
“Seriously? Man, listen, I don’t know what your obsession about me is but you need to calm down.” He then seemed to really think, “wait if you’re from another universe than where is your universe’s Dean.” Dean asked and the change over this weird dark Castiel was immediate.
“I can feel the questions brewing in your minds.” Gabriel chuckled a bit and gave a smile while Castiel was looking uncomfortable, worried. Dean frowned at him but Castiel gave an almost unseen shake of his head, it was more just tilting his face to the side for just one moment. It was assurance that he was okay and though Dean worried he had to find out what was going on.
“I know but at least the one you do, or maybe even more, it will mean the world to them.” That was the thing to say as Dean relaxed and he looked around. There were so many to adopt but smiled as he looked at the one with no fur. It was a light gray and both while it would be someone that wouldn't shed on his leather jacket but also it seemed they probably had problems getting adopted.
For that split second of not thinking which cost his hunter his life.
Gabriel snapped his fingers and gave Dean a mischievous smile, “I don't like waiting.” He explained and Dean looked between the archangel and the suddenly chilled pie dough.
“Helping people and killing things; the family business.” Sam sighed going to get another cup of coffee. “We can't just let it go to the point of being a demon, is there a way to talk it down?” Sam asked and Gabriel sighed and shook his head.
Dean remembered being put in his play pen and the screaming. How his mother had screamed had made him cry. But the few words as a child he remembered was that John had stolen something from him, that he had ripped apart a big part of Dean. She demanded that he give the powers back, that he unblock that part of Dean's mind, but he had claimed he couldn't. That it'd kill him.
“Dean this...makes me....very happy.” Castiel whispered in the same soft, worshiping tone when he first tried a burger.
“Hey man, how are you?” The dealer of Larry’s Dealership, said and Castiel looked at him, doing his best to get a read on him. “You looking for a new pair of wheels?”
“Dude its just on the other side of town!” Dean called but froze as he heard the jangle of someone grabbing baby's keys. “Oh hell no! Come on Cas!” He grabbed Castiel's wrist tugging him running fast. Despite himself he was grinning as Gabriel laughed and Sam was smiling seeing his mate and Castiel had a sweet smile seeing Dean smiling as well.
“What the fuck,” Dean groaned barely managing to stumble to the bed. He never in a million years thought he would be so exhausted from sitting down in a hotel room all day. Sam was already fast asleep not even having the energy to change into pajamas. Gabriel gave him a change of clothing with a snap of his fingers, setting the tall man down and tucking him in before disappearing to get some ice cream from the 'best ice cream in all of Florence'.
“How could they have? There isn't enough time to bui...oh wait...angels.” Dean shook his head and frowned, “why would they bother with that?” He was starting to question but already their angels were with them.
- - -
Castiel.
Their lips were pressed against each other and Dean didn't know which of them had moved foreword. In all honesty it didn't matter, as he felt the warmth and light sparking across his lips. Both of them were a bit unexperienced in their own way, Castiel had never kissed anyone who meant anything to him-Meg had been an understanding that both did it as practice for their mates-and for Dean he had never kissed a man before. Still it was mind blowing in Dean's opinion and for Castiel the fact he was doing this with Dean, his Dean was all he wanted and while he didn't have a lot of experience to compare it to he thought it was amazing.
Castiel moved out of his way, he didn’t want to be away from Dean, why be away from him? He had him back, but he would have to worry later. He didn’t know if leaving Dean alone was the best idea, he knew how he hated to be alone, but keeping him close right now was a bad idea to. His precious hunter was not one to take kindly to people around when he decided he wanted alone time. Plus, as long as he stayed in the general vicinity of the house, he would be able to sense if Dean was in distress even with those markings on his ribs. More distress than he normally was in, the level of pain he was always in was displeasing to the deity’s eyes but he knew with some patience it would slowly work out, he was still new to all of this.
“Hush,” he soothed and frowned kissing Gabriel's lips. “We can't, you haven't gotten a chance to add the runes yet.”
- - -
No. He had not taken every risk, opening the very gates of Purgatory doing everything that was needed to give Dean the apple pie life, the kind of life that he sneered at and pretended to not want anything to do but Castiel knew him well, he knew that it was what Dean secretly wanted. A family, some kids, a nine to five job, white picket fence, pet dog and apple pie. He didn’t become more than an angel, to god’s level and definitely did not go through thousands of universes searching for this one.
Dean smiled and leaned over to kiss him and then snuggled more into Castiel’s chest, “I would want to find some nice house, be close enough to visit Sam, and... get married. And kids, have my own or adopt, something.” Dean sighed and Castiel kissed Dean’s knuckles, he was amazing with children.
Today's lip balm flavor was chocolate and aqui berry. His favorite.
Dean had made it far, much farther than he had last time. It felt like forever and his legs were burning but after almost a week he was finally gone. He could even see the buildings of a small town. Finally. He had somehow escaped, now just to find a phone and call his baby brother.
“Now we just have to massage her every day.” Dean added and Castiel looked over and smiled a bit.
“Night.”
Guys,
Castiel was in many ways the happiest he had ever been since that moment that he lost control and it caused him to lose the only thing that meant anything to him. Dean was so precious, so beloved by him and Castiel would make sure that he knew just how much he was. It was criminal, he didn’t understand how the other version of him could not adore Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
That had gotten Dean to growl out at Sam that his cake was yellow with red raspberry compote topping it and if he were so insisted on having a cake either he or Gabriel would have to wear a dress. Castiel had calmed him down by kissing Dean and promising him that he loves a wedding pie.
“What was that?”
“Dean?”
He absently thought about how absolutely ecstatic his brother would be if Sam could hear how confidently Dean thought that. He knew, felt it deep in his bones, that Castiel wanted no one but him as his mate. And maybe, just maybe, he was good enough to be his mate.
He was halfway through making his rope, his instincts waring between hurrying up and getting done already and being careful so he doesn’t do a half-ass job. He heard a knock and the door starting to open, a soft “Dean?”
“Really? I'm not too great at naming things Cas.” Dean tried to deflect but was cut off by his mate.
“It is a lot to think about.” Castiel was intune with Dean's emotions and moods, he always had been. It took him a while when he first saw Dean on earth. He was for so long used to Dean's soul, which was pure and unmitigated Dean. No way to hide or sulk away, no wish to even. Their every thought and fear spoken to each other in communion, even if Dean didn't remember it. Trying to figure out how he hides away and pulls back. Pretends he doesn't care as deeply as he does, hides insecurities behind a charming smile and humor. Pushes people from him not just the fear that they will hurt him, but not thinking he deserves their comfort and acceptance.
Dean looked away still remembering what had happened in hell, what it had caused. But Castiel simply moved his hand to grab his shoulder a little bit harder. “Come, let us finish.”
“I was eight.” Sam groaned ignoring the little 'aw' coming from Gabriel.
The answer comes to him, he summoned some dishes for hand pies and would make hand size pies in both cherry and apple so that Dean can choose, or if he wishes both. Castiel would make sure to go through him and make sure he was healthy, considering how much a disgrace this version of himself is, he wouldn’t be surprised if he didn’t keep up the cleaning of his precious Dean’s arteries and mending of injuries; at least he had seemed to have healed the older injuries like the malnourishment of that came from the neglect of him as a child. Castiel didn’t need to go into his core memories to know that Dean had eaten less to make sure his little brother had a full stomach before he ate, not ever leaving enough for Dean who was also a growing boy.
“Considering how you are touching on me? What? Did your Dean not put out after a dinner date?”
In heaven as they are discussing things with Balthazar, Samadriel, and the like angels they suddenly let out an ungodly angelic screech.
Castiel next drove to a store that specialized in home goods, the motorcycle ran fine to him, but he knew that Dean would find a lot to do on this, he knew how he loved to work on cars as a way to relax and think. Castiel slipped off the black full-face covered helmet and the leather gloves that did not cover the majority of his fingers and had holes punched into it. He didn’t know nor care why, he didn’t need either of these things, nor did he really need the motorcycle, but he fell for it. It made him think of the Impala, where he left it slowly rusting without Dean to watch over it.
“Baby needs her bi-weekly tune up.”
“Wow.” Sam whispered having come in not knowing what to expect but the no noise made him sure he wouldn't see more of his brother then he would ever want to see. “They're....that's just adorable.”
“It is possible that their Sam doesn’t have the ability to travel through different universes.” Castiel pointed out and that made sense, while Castiel could, even as an angel could travel through different universe; it would be difficult but not impossible. As a god, or godstiel as Dean had once called him, and as a knight of hell, though Dean had never gotten to really discover his powers fully but the other Dean who was not only a knight but a king of hell, he could easily jump through the universes.
“I can't get those kids out of my head.” Dean groaned as he and Sam were doing the packing up for after a hunt. Sam frowned but nodded, it didn't take a psychology degree to know that Dean saw himself and his little brother in the kids, knew exactly how hard it would be on them.
Castiel wet his lips, fighting to swallow the lump in his throat, pushing the tears back but one still escaped. He pulled the amulet and ring from under his shirt. Breathing hard he pressed it to his lips whispering softly.
Still it didn't exactly make the Angel of Thursday a particularly unbiased source of who was right.
That, however, was the wrong thing to say.
“Why don't we look into it?” He asked taking a sharp turn, they still needed to do the grocery run.
Wouldn’t think of his once best friend who was now his enemy.
“Dean, everyone makes mistakes, and I’ve had more than my share.” He kept walking towards him, his steps measured and sure, “but it’s okay, because I found you.” He reached up, the pale hand’s destination being the freckled cheek, Dean grabbed the hand, throwing it away from him violently. Castiel grimaced but forced it into a smile instead. “I’ll wait, I’m nothing if not patient.”
This was very long and I hoped you guys liked it. I so call that in the show the reason Dean hasn't done anything is because he is worried of how emotional sexy times with Cas would make him.
“What normally happens doesn't matter.” Castiel knew that he wouldn't be able to get away with that so continued on whether he wanted to or not. “A bond is the closest thing that angels have to marriage.” He looked away from Dean who was shocked, hurt. Why hadn't he known this beforehand? Why had his angel never mentioned this? And like every time he was hurt, he lashed out.
That's it. It's the end. Story is over. This has been one of my longest stories and honestly I'm shocked it's over. I hope you guys enjoyed this roller coaster ride. Personally I decide to think that Kristabella and Rosaline will end up having a simple life and just a nice white picket fence apple pie life, but if you like you can imagine somehow they both become hunters.
The movement caused Dean to groan and his eyes flutter open. Castiel could see that he was in the place where he was not awake or asleep. “It's okay Dean, I am only putting the covers over you. Sleep now. I will watch over you.” Castiel promised and the fact that Dean didn't complain about the whole 'creepy' watching him sleep showed how out of it he already was. His hunter had always complained loudly whenever something that he didn't like was even brought up, especially if he had to do it, and the reaction to Castiel watching over him had always raised a complaint.
If not well...then they'd see how possessive and protective angels could be of their mates.
“What is it Dean?” Castiel asked accepting the thing from Dean, he didn't hold it particularly carefully so Sam knew that it wasn't alive. Castiel had a affinity for finding bugs and worms and wanting to bring them in.
(See the end of the chapter for
With some thinking Gabriel managed to make them stay still but they still vibrated some as if they were fighting with him wanting to fluff up and move to impress Sam.
“How could you say that Sam?” Dean asked shocked that Sam could even suggest that.
“Dean is good at cooking but he bakes best,” the pride is obvious in Sam's voice as he talked about his older brother, it was rare for Sam to get an excuse to say what he really thought about him. “If you do the bakery, I think it'd be really good.”
“Why do you keep saying that adored?” Castiel felt like he could cry, his eyes flashing white as he gripped the charm and ring even harder, the only thing keeping them safe from becoming nothing but powder in his hands being the adoration and long held love he held these things as the only mementos from his former life, the time he was happy.
“Huh, I always thought I was waiting for this to finally happen, but its kind of…I took care of Cassie as a fledgling.” Gabriel chuckled, “oh don’t give me that look Dean, watch.” Reaching up he grabbed Sam’s collar and pulled him down to give him a smacking kiss.
But it was his hands that killed Dean.
“Just wondering if Dean's 'Bakery' Dream can change a bit.”
“I seem to remember Deano saying he doesn't like sleeping in jeans.” Gabriel reminded Castiel as he pulled the flannel off of Sam, leaving him in his black tank underneath and pulling Sam's own jeans off being careful to not pull his boxers off to. Though he wouldn't mind getting Sam's boxers off it wouldn't be happening when he was unconscious. Though Gabriel loved sex, especially if he could have sex with his bonded but it wouldn't be getting him naked like that. This was just to keep him comfortable as he slept, and setting his head on the pillow, being careful of his long hair he then pulled the blanket over him.
“Hey Cas,” the greeting was comforting in its familiarity and he knew exactly how to respond.
“Wow...” Sam whispered before looking away as the waiter brought them their desserts. For Gabriel a decadent chocolate cake of some kind Sam had never seen before, taking it as a British or even French dessert, while for Sam he chose a Strawberry Glory, something he never had before but was closest he could think was like a strawberry parfait but different to.
Dean was washing off the blood in a gas station’s bathroom, he didn’t mind the blood and honestly that was one of his favorite parts. The warm blood splattering him was one of the few things that put him back in the spot he needed to be and not constantly be on edge. But when it cooled and became tacky it set his teeth on edge.
However first was the living people attending their wedding, a lot fewer then the dead they both know wsas there but still there were quiet a few. More then they thought would be there. Dean and Sam looked over seeing the two girls that Gabriel had known, they had moved from Texas and now stood with gentle smiles.
“Yes. I require a reliable way to get from one place to another fast.” Castiel explained and watched as the man gave a laugh.
“You don’t even sleep!” Dean yelled out and Castiel smiled a bit.
“You just fucked up blood bag.”
“Only way for a demon to become is to agree from Lucifer or one of his disciples who agreed at one time.” Castiel stated like he was stating a fact. The sky is blue. Water is wet. The world is round.
By the time Dean was changed for the day Sam was starting to wake up fully. “Aw samsquatch is up!” Gabriel chuckled a bit at that and Sam groaned rubbing the sleep from his eyes.
He'd forget all of it but he was okay. He would spend time with his beloved hunter Dean, and when he dies he will have Dean, the personification of Death, waiting for him.
“Bubble baths and manicures?” He asked with a charming smirk, one that had worked on more then a few people and worked even on Castiel. Still, not enough to ignore him not taking care of himself, or even mocking taking self care, and he sighed.
“Well who has Dean is an alternative universe’s you, and he is still on his god trip that you were on years ago.”
“I thought you were dead, we thought you were dead, that you sacrificed yourself for us. You have any idea how guilty we felt about that?” He glared but coming to his senses he shook his head and went back to the current book he was thumbing through. For Gabriel this is the first time he had thought of it from that point of view. To him it made sense, he didn't know that he would be able to survive going up against his older brother. By the time he managed to get out the brothers had already saved the world and he still was messed up by the slow draining of his grace so he didn't want to go through that fear anymore.
Gabriel had expertly wrapped the herbs into a sage stick like wrapping. The two angels were each burning the two walking around the room allowing the scents to waft all along till the whole room smelt of sweet smoke.
“Hn? Oh! Yeah, you are just right samsquatch.” Gabriel chuckled and smiled at him, “what I'm more interested in the heart of gold of yours.” He smirked but paused as he heard a guawff, Dean fighting and failing to laugh. He answered by sending a glare at the green eyed hunter before turning to a confused looking Sam. “The term 'heart of gold' is true, a particularly caring person will have a golden heart, and hun, your heart glitters and shines more then I have ever seen.”
“Then why isn’t he with his Dean then? Don’t tell me that he wanted a threesome?” Sam said without thinking before cringing as his mind caught up with his mouth. Okay, that was a bad mental image.
“Years? It’s been years?” Sam knew he could be lying but the way he was saying it made him think it was all truthful. “I’m so sorry Sam, how…how long has it been?”
His thoughts were stopped at the banging of the door and he froze, he slowly walked forward being very careful. He heard movement of Dean and he knew he had to go. The only ones he could think it would be either the other version of Castiel or the other version of Dean, either one would be after one or the other of them.
“Cas? What the hell happened to you?!” He joined Jack, tugging Castiel into the kitchen and sitting him down. “Jack, go get the first aid kit in the bathroom.” They had and kept several first aid kits for emergency patch ups and just normal injuries that were not anything too bad. One in the Impala, made to help patch up any and all injuries, one made especially for when they were in a motel, that was made for emergency patch ups in the middle of the night, one right when they go into the bunker, that could handle any and all injuries, a carbon copy of the one in the Impala, finally the one in the bathroom was the closest to being ‘normal’, the kind that you could find in any well prepared home.
“No, she means no harm. Just stress. You know how mothers get.”
Castiel didn't quiet know what was happening. He knew Dean of course, Sam might know Dean the best but Castiel was connected to Dean. His very grace had entwined with and fused to Dean's blazing bright soul so much that he could sometimes misunderstand Dean's feelings for his own. Taking Dean's hand, Dean said nothing and did not acknowledge the strong warm hand cupping his. But he did squeeze Castiel's hand once before focusing back on the road.
Dean allowed himself to stop thinking, just to feel. Not to get too wrapped up in his own head which was usually just problems for him. So instead he let his body do what it would with Castiel. Castiel slowly moved Dean to be laying on his back with Castiel hovering over him, his wings moving to cage Dean and slip underneath him.
“Don’t worry babe, I know what I’m dealing with. By the way, I am very similar to your Dean, he does love you, when he thought I wanted to hurt you…damn.” He then pulled his finger away from him and chuckled, “get yourself to him and you’re going to have to be the one to make the move.” He then winked but Castiel still couldn’t see his eyes through the dark thick sunglasses. “Go on, hottie.” Castiel froze as the other Dean slapped his ass. “See ya baby. Try to be loyal to, kay?”
“Yeah, goddess of love and all, the first place she walked for a honeymoon.” Sam frowned as his husband started to laugh. “I'm sorry Sam, it's just that is not exactly how it happened; it was just her favorite vacation spot for her and Ares to sneak off to.”
“You don't know the half of it.” Sam groaned holding Gabriel tighter, “I swear I'm surprised I didn't kill them myself just in frustration.” He then grew quiet holding Gabriel tighter, “to waste so much time, when I stood their with my own dead. Or at least I thought he was dead.”
“It could be a vampire, or maybe a wraith...” Violet chewed on her pen that she had nicked from a rude waitress that they had a diner a little bit over a week ago.
“What is it Cas?” Dean asked noticing the way that his angel was looking at the two of them. Worried didn't really cover it but was the closest emotion if Dean had to name it. Luckily he didn't have to name it, Dean and Castiel had a way of understanding each other that went beyond what any language could truly explain.
“You do not believe it.” Castiel pulled him resting his head against Dean's shoulder and despite himself Dean smiled.
I love brotherly love Winchester Brothers. Like you guys have no idea.
“How about we make his dreams come true?”
Castiel didn’t want to leave Dean, these few days that he had not been able to find the hunter had been as a human would call it, hell. He’d happily take the bit of burning on his wings that he sacrificed and the thirty three years it took to find his Righteous Man, as well as the seven years of flying Dean out of hell, killing any demon who ventured too close to them as his Dean cuddled close to him.
“Oh.”
Dean Winchester is dead.
“I knew it would never make up for what happened to you and Dean, but I finally-I guess you’d say get my head out of my ass.” Castiel shrugged, “I now have the ability to pull Gabriel out of the Empty and if it hurt half as much as I did when Dean died I-“
And why would he?
- - - - -
Castiel was gone and Dean took a few deep breaths, he looked around making sure that he was really gone. Well, he did tell him to explore the house…
“Same man, same.” Dean smiled and sighed, “think you can beam me up, Scotty?”
“I'll be fine Samshine.” Gabriel assured his mate kissing his cheek. “Cassie and I will be back before you know it.” He winked before tuning to Castiel stretching out his wings. He jumped and let out an almost purr as Sam stroked the middle one-the most sensitive one-on the side closer to him.
“Of course, hunting,” Dean looked over at him and Castiel smiled, he did not get an answering smile back but that was okay. “we can go on a hunt together after you’ve recovered.”
He would not have really been able to tell that it was his and not another version of himself-because this version of Sam had only one small difference, a small grammatical error which meant that version of Castiel was harried or just bad with grammar because Dean had a similar bad grammar. But the fact remained that when Castiel had gotten a power upgrade he had redone the runes on his mate’s ribs and knowing how much he adored Sam, and Sam was his best friend.
“You have an idea Sammy?”
“Family business?” Gabriel echoed not understanding how they could make a business about this. Of course he understood humans enough to know that they didn't mean a literal business but didn't know what they meant was their 'business'.
But he would find him again.
Dean knew it was her husband's brother.
“Bisexuality.”
Castiel put a statis on Dean’s body, his soul-the thing that Castiel loved-was gone. But Dean’s body would remain sleeping peacefully in their nest for eternity. It was done only for the empty shell that once contained his darling hunter, but it was all he could do. The one thing he couldn’t get rid of was his tie, he was so used to wearing one, and though he changed his suit pants for a pair of jeans and a belt, a black button up to replace his white one, and the suit jacket he changed for his Dean’s leather jacket. He would wear no trench coat. He could not leave though and taking some deep breaths he took Dean’s necklace kissing the amulet putting the ring he had given to Dean on it as well.
Castiel was lying to him
“Back?” Castiel hummed not at all understanding what the man, his mate, was talking about.
Castiel flew there being careful that no one saw him, he had learned that humans would be made anxious when they saw a man suddenly appear or disappear. Even the Winchesters knowing exactly who and what he was did not very much enjoy it when he suddenly appeared, disappeared, or went ‘invisible girl’ like Dean called it.
“Wait, are you his Dean?” His version of him asked and the demon king chuckled.
Sam shook his head at his brother's antics and headed to the set of books opening up the first one and looking at the list of information he had to slowly knock off what it could not be, he kept a list that weren't proven wrong.
- - - - -
None of the energy beings-both soul and grace combination of the blue-green or lilac-red, and the souls of the other family-knew how long any had been here. Obviously Mary Winchester had been here the longest, followed by Bobby, then Sam and Dean in rapid succession and followed by Castiel and Gabriel along with then the children.
Sam kept walking tracking down the abomination that took away his brother, he was proving as hard to keep track of even when he knew exactly what universe he was in. Sam had worked hard to put up wards all over this reality. If Castiel attempted to flee this dimension he would know right away as well as it would put a tracker so that he could find him any dimension he went to, this one being the first time that he had not been gone by the time Sam got to a universe.
Just as he was thinking that he should head out he was distracted by the collage of pictures and so headed to look closer and wished he didn't. Every picture was of him.
“Sam?” Gabriel couldn't say more as suddenly Sam's lips were covering his own, but he could feel it all through their new connection.
Despite himself Dean relaxed against the warmth and with a flutter and sound of wings beating he was suddenly laying on the bed. He was above the covers one of Castiel's wings were underneath him, cradling him and despite how delicate the feathers looked and felt they were obviously stronger then that as he lifted Dean up with his wing to better situate himself. Laying Dean back down he wrapped his arm around his waist and tugged him a little closer snuggling into Dean's chest and his other wing blanketing his hunter.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I do prefer baby.”
So, where was he?!
“Yeah Cas, yeah he is.” Dean agreed and grunted shaking his head. “Welp, looks like you are back in his life for thirty seconds and already have to apologize.” He began walking towards baby while Gabriel looked confused and raised an eyebrow.
“One where I died, or maybe one where I wasn’t born?” He chuckled a bit, and it horrified Castiel, how could he take a universe like that and laugh about it?! “How many?”
He elbowed his way away from him and made his way out of the bedroom. Castiel sighed and began searching his mind for what he could do. It hit him then, what he had done before when Dean had a bad day; he didn’t think that a homemade burger and those fresh cut steak cheesy fries and a piece of pie for dessert and then a message wouldn’t work like it had but it was worth a try.
“I’m fine, I’m fine,” he assured him, not wanting to go into detail about what had happened, not yet, though she was far away Dean didn’t know how much, if at all, the woman was listening. Nor did he think that what had been happening was something that he could really explain over the phone. Plus, he wanted to be out of here. He heard some shifting and moving around and fumbling before Castiel’s voice came through.
“Time is different now,” Castiel only said that but didn’t elaborate, “eat. Before it gets cold.” Dean sighed before picking up a burger, he was hungry, Castiel was right about that and he let out a light moan. It tasted good. The burger tasted something that reminded him of brown sugar or bourbon, the bun was soft in the inside but the outside was crisped and toasted, fresh, and the condiments were exactly like he liked: bacon, smothered in cheese, caramelized onions, exactly one pickle and twice as much ketchup as mustard and there was even some strange sauce that complimented the burger perfectly. He could see the fries were sweet potato fries and there was also a side of applesauce.
“So...Gabe and I...we have a 'profound bond'?” Sam stated eating his salad, it wasn't as good as he thought, or more like hope, it'd be but it was good enough. “I still don't...get it, we don't stare at each others eyes for a long ass time like Cas and Dean do.” He said and Dean glared at his little brother.
Castiel’s mind couldn’t help but go to the Sam of his own universe, wondering if his dear friend, someone he viewed as a brother just as much as his angelic siblings, and he tried to think back to when Gabriel had died in his universe, had Sam reacted strongly to that?
He didn't trust Jack for so long, but once he did he was a father to that little boy. Just like Castiel was, both more then Lucifer ever was, and Sam loved being in the role of uncle even if it was unsaid. Jack was a smart kid, realizing how embarrassed it would for Dean to be called 'dad'.  When that kid was sent to the Empty...everyone took it hard but it wasn't like the not sleeping for weeks on end and glaring at anyone who even whispered his name. Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Ash, Cassie, Lisa, Ben, Castiel, Sam, Gabriel, despite all the pain they gave them, dad and mom.
“Here's the check hun,” the waitress said with a smile handing it to Sam who was confused, he asked a waiter didn't he?
Sam himself was thinking about the same basics to. If Dean felt the comfort around Castiel that Sam felt around Gabriel he could understand why Dean would allow the angel of Thursday around him so often and just stare right into his eyes so much. He knew his brother didn't take kindly to people getting close to him. Of course he'd have a one night stand and would always comfort children that went through something supernatural assuring them they were safe. But with Castiel, Dean allowed him to get as close to him as he wanted, even if he would mention personal space once or twice he still allowed him to get as close as he wished.
Maybe that was why the angels made him kill a warehouse full of Dean-look-alikes. They were trying, in their own twisted way, to get Castiel to realize how much better he deserved then the hunter.
“Well welcome back nerds.” Dean chuckled putting the pie on the pot holder that Gabriel had laid down. “We made a pie. Apple.” Dean grinned as Sam's eyes widened.
“You're amazing.” Dean's whispered shocked registered to him. Dean reached out and Castiel happily took his own hand up to grip his mate's. For Dean it was like seeing two images at once, on one hand he could see Jimmy, the vessel, but he could also see Castiel. He had wondered, daydreamed about it as Castiel rarely spoke on what he looked like and Dean never could really bring himself to ask, but now...now he was seeing. And some part of him called out to that form.
Dean. But not that Dean.
Normally he would join Sam for his morning running but he needed to see Dean. Even after his ordeal surly just checking on him would be prudent. When he opened the door, he knew something was wrong. Very, very wrong. Dean’s scent might still be in the room, it now having integrated his scent, but it was old, and there were no reverberations of his soul there, he had not been here for hours.
Castiel mumbled something, something that neither sibling understood as it was Enochain. It was a language that neither understood, they had heard either of the angels speaking in the language but only in times of extreme emotions. It was extremely rare but enough for either of the two to pick up that it was the language that the blue eyed angel had spoken.
But still that was okay, the two of them could work it out. “Okay Dean, very funny.” He rolled his eyes and moved further into their home. “Come out Dean, I’ve got something for you.” He reached up to his neck and smiled a bit stroking the necklace a bit, “I think you’ll really like it.”
“I think Dean's just hungry.” Sam teased his brother who shot a quick glare at his little brother.
“Oh, that's good. You could always call Liz, she loves kids. Might like to have someone to talk to who can understand. Or maybe Charlie?” Sam worried for a moment since these codes could get worriedly confusing but Tim had this.
“Yes, that’s it exactly?”
“Well, I’m not his anymore. But yes, we are from the same universe.” He sighed and let go of the other Castiel and smirked, “my ex-husband decided to replace me with you. But looking at insults you were carving into the walls, and I’ve got to hand it to you, even I couldn’t think up, you don’t want anything to do with you either.”  He chuckled and then looked at the angel with a critical eye.
“Soon to be ours.” Castiel smiled as Dean looked at him but he merely walked to the single door that he opened and Dean could see a plain half bathroom; a simple counter sink and a toilet but it seemed to be in the theme of a beach considering the big picture of a beach scene he saw and the wall was a very light blue.
Which meant that his moose wouldn't ever give him the attention that he wanted. He tried and tried to show him that pranks could be good and funny. He'd have to take care of it. It was several days before he came to the perfect opportunity; Sam was at the library researching, Castiel was on his God Quest, and Dean was cleaning his weapons, Gabriel had been looking into the supernatural beings underworld.
- - - - -
At first Dean hadn't reacted to his pulling him up, he had felt the tight warm grip and being pulled up but gave no reaction. He had seen Dean's face, the face and eyes he could read, that it had happened so much as a torture technique to let him feel hope he would be saved before dashing that hope.
Castiel had barely had the time to embrace him before Dean was pulling back. No, not pulling, retching back pulling violently back. “...Dean?”
“I woke up alone. Alone, Cas.” He turned fully to glare at him, “I woke up after you did what you did, alone and my ring gone, and my necklace stolen.” He scoffed before turning back to the alternative versions of himself and his ex-lover. “Listen here other me, open up to what you want but don’t settle down with him.” He gave an almost cruel laugh, “fuck him, be fucked by him, but don’t settle down with him,” he then froze and sighed, “oh I see, too late.”
The fact that Dean's older brother instincts weren't screaming at him to protect Sam spoke to him and he didn't even think of that.
