Warning: this AU contains light homophobia that is drowned out by a deluge of love and rainbow flags.
shallow. It was also the man’s obviously brilliant mind and his sharp gaze and his velvety voice and, okay, yes: the high cheekbones that look like they could cut glass and the galaxy-colored eyes. John had only gotten a taste yesterday, a tease. Enough that now John wants to drown himself in Sherlock until he knows precisely what it was that drew him so strongly to this fascinating Muggle.
“In my defense, I’m stupidly rich and I missed my boyfriend like crazy.” Sherlock laughs delightedly (which makes John’s smile start to ache it’s so wide).
The warm, firm grip of Sherlock Holmes’s hand leaves tingling aftershocks with John long after it’s ended.
Sherlock looks at John for a few moments. John clears his throat.
“Of course! You can always tell a good Chinese by the lower third of the door handle. And there’s always Angelo’s.”
“Hey! I was on tour for more than half a decade with only my sister and Irene for company. I got a lot of reading done.”  There’s a soft blush warming John’s tan cheeks though, so Sherlock teases him a bit more.
After a moment, John gathers his things and leaves.
hard to be this athletic, repressed type and I’m making bloody
Bill presses, “Tell me, or I’ll come down to the bloody coffee shop myself to find out.”
“You look fantastic!” John shouts over the music, a bit in awe. This mad fairytale prince is
John frowns, keeping the phone pressed against his cheek as he leaves his flat and jogs down the stairs. “You’re at my place?” he asks.
John followed Greg’s gaze to see a tall, slim boy exiting the door to the auditorium, a smug expression on his face. And what a face it
“Mate, out of the two of you, I think John’s the dog-person,” Bill cackles. “Get it? Dog-
Sherlock nods. “Two stars who began their careers early in life, both of whom have pursued their career outside of the public persona previously established for themselves.”
- When John mentioned having a purple toad for a pet as a child.
John eyed Molly warily. He was utterly exhausted after a mostly sleepless night.
Bill sighs, and John snorts.
Irene shoots John a contemptuous look that he’s quite familiar with. He’s seen it from her, from Mike, and from nearly every other muggle-born he’s befriended at one time or another. It says,
“On your cue, then.” Sherlock says as he gets into position.
Sherlock throws his arms around both of their necks for a quick hug, before straightening. “I’m going to call him now!”
“Are you sure you’re not in the mafia?” Sherlock chokes out, and John chuckles.
“Erm. Yes. Wrong pipe.”
“We can go after my shift.”
Beware of schmoop
When Sherlock starts awake, it’s dusk outside, and he can hear Mummy’s voice in the kitchen. Silently, he steps to the doorway, kneading at a crick in his neck as he peers around the corner. His dad is there, sitting at the head of the kitchen table with a pair of crutches propped up next to him. At first inspection, he looks exhausted but otherwise healthy, only a pair of butterfly bandages obscuring the scrape on his forehead.
In…hold it…and
once the lights went out, it was completely dark! It doesn’t make any sense, what you did. Unless of course you have some secret superpowers I didn’t know about, in which case, you’ve been holding out on me.”
His and Irene’s broomsticks are leaning against the wall beside their traveling cloaks. There’s a jar of Floo Powder on the mantel and Bill’s owl is sleeping on the perch in her cage.
“Of course you are,” John breathes back, dazed. Sherlock smells
"No?" Irene raises a doubtful eyebrow, so John dips his hand into the tip jar and pulls out the slip of paper that Tess had left behind. He at the very least did well enough in Muggle Studies to recognize a mobile telephone number when he gets one.
titters on the television.
Only once the silence has grown uncomfortably long does it click. Sherlock had said ‘lovers,’
as John is returning the favor and he ends up with half his hand in Sherlock’s mouth, Sherlock moaning around his fingers.
The small smile on Sherlock’s face breaks into a full grin (no teeth, all lips and it looks really kind of goofy and John instantly adores it). “I’d like that,” he answers to John’s immediate relief, and he climbs onto the bed, knees straddling John’s lap, face looming closer to John’s for a brief open-eyed kiss. He takes a deep breath and looks straight into John’s eyes. “I want you every day, too. For a long time.”
He heard John laugh at one of his lines. Paying attention, then.
For now, he takes Sherlock around the waist and helps him limp over to a bench where John had stashed a medical kit in case of game injuries. He wraps and ices Sherlock’s ankle quickly and confidently, avoiding eye contact lest he lose all sense of medical professionalism.
When he finishes the last page, Sherlock looks up from the packet, sending a nervous smile to the people assembled opposite him. He clears his throat.
If Sherlock was drowning in sexual frustration, perhaps he could cause John to feel just a
The sound starts quiet, just a buzz of notes, and begins to climb in intensity and volume.
Sherlock cringes. “Yu
But still, he stayed.
A week later, Sherlock huffed out of rehearsal and practically ran into John Watson.
“I didn’t!” John cries, emphatic. “I just – it didn’t work out.”
“What?” John cries. There’s Sherlock’s ‘deduction face.’ And here’s John, standing like an idiot, in front of a display of chocolates. Oh, fuck, Sherlock is going to figure it it out. “I’m. Not…doing that.”
There could only be one thing that Sherlock meant by saying that now.
Crap. What was that? John had
Unlike this afternoon, Mummy is now energetically moving around the kitchen as she sets the kettle to boil, tidies up imaginary messes, and rambles about the state of the NHS these days. As she passes by the table to set down a sandwich and a glass of water, Sherlock watches his dad reach out and snag her arm.
“That’d be a shame,” John said softly, carding a hand—accidentally?—through the shorter hairs at the base of Sherlock’s neck as he applied a final piece of tape.
" John crossed his arms, eyebrow raised in a silent dare.
“Sherlock!” his dad cries cheerfully. “Your mum and I are at the Hooper’s for dinner. Molly left her phone on the sofa when mum dragged her into the kitchen for an interrogation.”
“You have to put one of them back.”
Sherlock slides into the side with an upholstered booth, so John doesn’t get a chance to pull out his chair as Mike had suggested. They order, and are left gazing at one another under the warm electric lighting.
“Hang on, Mrs. Hudson might-”
“What’s your favorite flower?”
Sherlock straightens his suit and watches John push Anderson away, his shoulders tense and square under a (
“What does magic feel like?”
Palming his wand discretely, John helps him out the door with a gust of wind and a tripping jinx.
“HOLD!” Greg’s voice echoed through the theater over the speakers. “Sorry, Janine! Give us a second to fiddle with these lights a bit, will ya?” Janine squinted towards the back of the theater where Greg sat, and raised a thumbs up in acknowledgment. “Alright, folks,” Greg’s voice came back, this time in John’s ear. “Stay with me.  Mrs. Hudson wants to make this moment look 'a bit colder, dear.' Give me a mo’ while I figure out this light board and we’ll be back on track!”
“Oi! Way to mention another cute guy when you’re talking about our first date.”
Sherlock strode quickly towards a bubbler to avoid confrontation, but John spotted him.
John hums in assent, pleased, his nose buried in Sherlock’s curly hair. “As much as I’d like to continue, I’d rather make some memories with you straight away, and this shed smells of stale sweat and rubber. Let’s go let Irene feel smug, yeah?”
"Fade in spot one on Sherlock...Go." said Greg. John gently eased up the light on Sherlock as he began his speech.
The man lets out a laugh, more disbelieving than amused, as John blinks up at him. “That’s not the reaction I usually get.”
“You do like him. Sherlock.” James’ expression is bland, and Pranav behind him gives a snort.
“Of course, not.” Irene raises her voice pointedly, “I have something to share with Sherlock! This is his room, isn’t it?” The bathroom door cracks open, and Sherlock appears, already dressed and toothbrush in mouth.
Which is great.
Sherlock does that thing that’s dead cute where he tries to pretend he isn’t smiling and as a result his mouth makes a funny wiggly line. He looks down at John through his lashes in an unmistakably flirtatious way, and John sways closer, helpless to resist him. “And even if Pearce had succeeded with the knife, at least I’d have had a medical student to stitch me up afterwards.”
shall tell John that Sherlock Holmes thinks John Watson is nothing less than
He sticks his thumb in the direction of his own room. “Sorry for derailing your night. I’m just gonna…” John backs out without finishing his sentence, leaning against the door as he shuts himself into the privacy of his own room.
pouf.”
Thanks to everyone who has left regular comments on this fic, you were always the highlight of my week! While I have your attention, I have a quick question for you lovely beautiful readers of mine.
Now that's a cliffhanger.
"Oh, is that his name?" Sherlock asked, disinterested. He continued down an empty corridor. John, for some unfathomable reason, followed.
“Still pulling those tricks, are you.” Anderson shares a look with Donovan. “Fine, Holmes. What about my deodorant?”
Hang out with me on tumblr @romantic-sherlock for positivity and fluffy posts.
because you had a day off? Just to see me?”
“Let’s do
* * *
Bill opens his mouth to retort, and John makes a low growl. Now is
“It’s just, I tried going into his dressing area and he bit my head off, a bit. I know you two have been getting on recently, and I thought…” Molly trailed off. John looked closer and noticed the redness at Molly’s eyes and nose.
A longer pause. “Dare I ask what they’re called, these sorrowful chart-toppers?”
John shrugs. “Go out on dates. Talk. Other stuff, I don’t know.”
By morning, John had devised a series of steps with which he can both help Sherlock through his break-up and show the boy how much he is loved. Is
“No,” John says, firm. “It’s not you, Sherlock. I’m just…not ready.”
She eyed John knowingly. “I can see what you like in him,” she continued as if this were not hideously embarrassing for John. “He’s gorgeous, of course, but smart as a whip too. And just
That night’s concert goes as smoothly as it could. Victor decides on a whim to crowd-surf during
who picked his nose in class then wiped his finger off on the underside of his chair.
“’Fraid so. Don’t want this wire to fall-off mid-scene, do you? How would the audience be able to hear your lovely dulcet tones?”
“That you’re a
It’s quiet for a long moment, Sherlock growing redder, eyes landing anywhere but at John’s face.
In nearly thirty years, two invitations will arrive at 221B Baker Street. John will call out from the kitchen, “Sherlock! We’ve been invited to our fortieth school reunion!”
, for tonight and maybe, if he’s extremely lucky, for a happily ever after as well.
is magical, too?! Who else is a wizard, Molly?”
“…You’re lucky I’m a dog person,” Sherlock grumbles, wiping at his sticky face.
“You should feel lucky I’m not making you wear a hairnet,” she threatens. John tugs protectively on his long blond ponytail in response. Irene continues, “I’ll take you shopping soon for some Muggle clothes.”
He leapt from his seat, and began to scan the stage.
It’s also just
Irene puts her hands on her hips and marches towards John so he can hear her hushed words. “Don’t think I didn’t see that, John. You said you did well in Muggle Studies! And you can’t boil water or make change?”
“You’ll love it! The backstage group is a great crowd, and I might even get the lead this year. Year 12s almost never do, but Mrs. Hudson said I had, and I quote, ‘great potential!’”
"Yes, what?"
It felt as if someone had slowed time down. As if he were underwater and it would take an enormous effort to swim against the current. All sounds dull and far away. Acid in his veins. A vacuum in his lungs.
"Mine."
"I'll... er... sleep in Marcus's room," Abigail announced, leaning against the door jamb and grinning sheepishly, a blush of embarrassment on her cheeks. Or maybe it was just the alcohol.
Sherlock snorted disparagingly when he read the short message, and tapped in his reply to the number.
"Anastasia," Sherlock cut in with a look of surprise.
John's mouth started to water when he saw the speed with which Sherlock took off his dressing gown, letting it drop carelessly to the floor as if he could no longer stand the sensation of the material against his skin. He reached behind himself with one hand, staring in disgust at the dampness on his fingers when he held them up in front of him.
In lieu of a reply, Sherlock simply nodded, unconsciously tightening his grip on the book.
. He decided to get up and leave, but as soon as he slid off the barstool, a feeling of vertigo overcame him. He leaned heavily on the bar and pinched the bridge of his nose to bring his focus down to a single point and regain his balance. He'd definitely had too much to drink.
John opened his arms and stretched his legs out. Sherlock understood the unspoken invitation, crawled into John's lap and put his arms around him. They sat there like that on the floor for a good long while, rocking each other in the embrace.
"Looks like he's not quite finished with you yet," Anthea said, turned Archie around and sat him on her knee so that he could 'communicate' with Sherlock again.
They crossed the short driveway together to reach the free-standing building. An exceptionally good-looking omega female stood at the door to greet the visitors. With her pale blue eyes and blonde hair, she reminded John of Anastasia, and he immediately wondered whether it might be her sister. The woman gave both men a suspicious look, only to lower her eyes when they met John's.
Teeth sank into the back of his neck, fanning the flames of the desperate sounds fighting their way out of his throat as he came.
"I'm sorry," she mumbled, her voice muffled. "But I can't do it without you."
"Come here, sit down with me for a mo'."
Mycroft merely nodded at John; he obviously had no intention of getting to know the other alpha any better. "Our appointment will begin momentarily," he said, and went up the handful of steps to the entrance of the registry building, stepped through the heavy wooden door, and watched with a keen eye as John rushed to hold the door open for Sherlock, resting one hand on the small of his back in what must have been an instinctive gesture to guide him inside the building.
"Coffee's in the pot if you want," Bill said, nodding her head in its direction. Her hospitality had apparently vanished into thin air overnight, or at least been reduced to a minimum. Or maybe this was simply how she treated other alphas' omegas. Sherlock still didn't know very much about John's former army buddy, as he was becoming excruciatingly aware.
such a brash behaviour could possibly be a
"I'm sorry, John. I didn't know you'd take it this hard. I didn't think it through properly. Please forgive me."
"Come on, I'll show you..." he said, using the book in his hand to gesture toward the building on his right. After all, he didn't want anyone to say he'd abandoned an attractive young damsel in distress.
"Why?" Sherlock asked pointedly and sat up, forcing John to relinquish his comfy position. Instead, he found himself in the crosshairs of his omega's laser-sharp gaze.
"But..."
It was Greg instead. His hand raised in a casual greeting, a smile that wasn't really one on his lips. John's shoulders drooped in defeat.
Sherlock tore his attention away from his alpha and checked a clock down the road in order to cover his discomfiture.
"You said that already..."
He had no choice. Seven was the only thing preventing him from going completely mad, clawing his nails into his own skin, through muscle and sinew until he got down to the bones, to break them.
To have Sherlock's full attention and to be used for his sexual explorations is a (wonderful, breath-taking) thing. But what would happen if Sherlock lost interest? What if he suddenly got bored with him? When his desire for the foreseeable future is satisfied, or when something else becomes the focus of his interest. John can't compete with
******
"Good morning. There's plenty here, help yourself."
And what if all of this is just a bad joke? An
His eyes skimmed over the heads of the other partygoers, looking for a potential dance partner. Whether woman or man – it was all the same to him. He wanted an echo. Wanted to feel the momentum transferring from one body to another through dance. Flowing through him, vibrating inside him. Abigail stood close by, bouncing on the balls of her feet in time with the music and watching the carefree people around her as if just waiting for an opportunity. Their eyes met, and Victor gestured to her with his index finger, indicating she should come over to him. A playful smile danced on her lips when she followed the summons. Red and green highlights caught in her hair, painting her pale skin like a sheet of paper.
The fragrance of the shower gel he'd used had mixed with John's own scent, wafting out to Sherlock in a titillating wave. He splayed his fingers on John's thighs and let his eyes wander across the exposed areas of skin, over the crinkly hair and half-hard erection that peeked out from beneath the terrycloth.
! That it was impossible to survive a fall from that bridge after being shot! Why the
"We didn't spend much time together back then. Sherlock, Sherrinford, and I. We generally only saw each other on holidays at our parents' house, or during semester breaks when time allowed. There was always...
Other omegas might find it romantic that he was so intimately linked to his alpha, but they had no idea! It was anything but romantic to have to experience all of these one-sided emotions all alone – even if John had apparently received some kind of echo when Sherlock had wanted to stop him from impregnating the other omega.
"Oh, is that the same house where Mycroft and Anthea live?"
John startled when a hand touched his arm and squeezed it gently. Disturbed, he looked up at Victor, who was watching him with confusion. Mr and Mrs Holmes also appeared worried and somewhat ill-at-ease. The latter was holding a photo album in her hands. John hadn't even heard her come back.
John let out a bit-off groan and inhaled sharply between his teeth. He wiped his wet mouth with his free hand, then promptly licked the moisture off the back of the same hand. He leaned his head back to seek out eye contact with Sherlock, giving him a rapacious look.
Relief chased away the green-eyed monster of jealousy. It was probably about time to start trusting Greg Lestrade, and not see him as merely a potential rival or bagman for Sherlock. Plus, the alpha had never tried to gain Sherlock's affections while John had been away. In fact, Lestrade was the one who had saved Sherlock's life, and John owed him rather a lot.
With his hands on his hips, Sherlock resumed prowling around the living room, formulating the new questions that had arisen.
"Yes, unless you don't want to?"
"Is John the father?" he demanded, speaking loud enough to drown out the child.
"With regards from your brother. It has the same number as your old phone. Unfortunately, they weren't able to save the rest of the data," Mary said, taking a sip of her tea.
for this awesome translation! <3
Victor couldn't suppress a smirk. "Sounds rather likeable if you ask me," he said and shoved the last bite of his sandwich into his mouth.
John raised one eyebrow sceptically when he caught Victor's eye, but Victor's only reaction was a brief twitch of the corner of his mouth. Apparently everything was fine. And anyway, Victor was more than capable of taking care of himself, John thought to himself, and reached out one hand toward his friend to take his beer. Victor understood after a moment's pause and handed the bottle to John before returning his full focus to his dance partner.
"Hm?"
Ridiculous.
"I hope Hopkins and Moran burn in hell together!"
You and your arousal, your pleasure, your bloody orgasms!" Sherlock snapped, staring straight at John despite the scarlet blush on his face. "I feel when you're attracted to someone, when you penetrate them, and how much you like it! And it makes me sick!"
"No, you needn't feel bad," Cilia rushed to assure him. "It speaks all the more highly of you, John, that you entered into the bond with Sherlock without knowing you had a claim on his money. But of course not all alphas are like you or Bill. So many of them are old-fashioned, stuffy, and sometimes such horrid machos that it makes you want to shake some sense into them. There's a reason the 'never again' movement was so popular. It's important, and correct, that omega rights be improved. At the same time, I'd venture to say that most bonded couples are on equal footing, and that they have similar problems in their relationships as betas do."
Sherlock cut off the question with an irritated sigh and turned his back on John completely. "Why, why, why! I have absolutely no interest in being told what to do by some alpha for the rest of my life. You, on the other hand, are quite obviously looking for a life that not only promises a certain amount of adventure, but will also provide you with glory and honour. In order to achieve that, you need to bond with an omega. I could be that omega. As long as you don't expect anything more than the bond."
Sherlock grunted his understanding and accepted the folder which Mycroft held out to him.
"There shouldn't be any problems when renewing an existing bond. If both of you want to and are willing to do it. The… initial bite was somewhat… how should I put it… unorthodox, wasn't it?" Mike probed cautiously.
– as was proper.
John leaned back, amused. Of course the girl was charming, but the show felt like something in an oriental-style hotel rather than a war zone. If this was the big surprise his mates had planned for him, John could finally start to relax. At least that's what was going through his mind when Bill sucked in a surprised breath and nudged John in the ribs with her elbow.
His friend's smell had already been supplanted by John's; disappeared into thin air. Irretrievably. All the little things that reminded him of Sherlock seemed to be fading, slipping between John's fingers like fine-grained sand. Leaving nothing but memories behind. Memories of all the many hours they'd spent together. In friendship and in disagreement. The period during which they'd come closer and allowed the romantic side of their relationship to play out had been much too short.
John sighed and tightened his grip on Sherlock, running his hand over his narrow hips and the slope of his arse. The adrenaline from the day was still rushing through his veins, making his head buzz and his body hum as he reacted to all of the stimuli. He grasped a handful of curls in one hand and tilted Sherlock's head slightly so that he could deepen the kiss.
"My boy," she sobbed. "It's so good to see you."
"He... gives us away. Lends us out. That's happened to three of us so far, but... I think he'll do it with all of us sooner or later. As soon as another omega draws his interest." She gave Sherlock a pointed look.
******
Sebastian shrugged. "Messy."
Mycroft struggled to suppress the smirk tugging at his lips. He nodded once, exchanged a meaningful look with his brother, then left the Baker Street flat.
"Sher—!"
"Molly...?"
"No need to be," Sherlock replied easily. "If anyone should apologise, it's Lestrade. He didn't respond to my inquiries on whether anyone had checked the rubbish."
Still, he couldn't for the life of him imagine his omega in such shabby surroundings. He hoped fervently that he wouldn't come to regret his decision to introduce Sherlock to his family. Both sides deserved to meet each other after all this time.
"According to Donovan, Moran won't get anything more than a warning and a fine that will be set by other alphas, who of course will think he's right and judge that his behaviour was appropriate. Appropriate! It's not fair."
When Sherlock awoke the next morning, the space beside him in the bed was empty. John's overnight bag sat there open with the edges of a couple of clothing items peeping out. He was apparently up and dressed, and had gone down to join Bill and Cilia.
A crooked smile that could barely be counted as such tugged at the corners of Victor's mouth as he leaned forward and kissed Sherlock again. Tenderly this time.
"Get lost!" he roared, incensed. "He belongs to me!"
"Never heard of it."
His mind was racing, his thoughts canting between fear and terrible memories. Anger and grief frothed in his stomach, making him gasp for air in short, stuttered breaths. "Those... those pictures you showed me... of his body..."
And with that, John left the kitchen.
John’s eyes widen a fraction. Then he swallows against the lump looked in his throat, raises his chin and meets Sherlock's piercing stare. Fervour and excitement linger there, and his lips part slightly as if he’s struggling to breathe. John’s heart skips a beat before hammering at double speed against his ribs. He nervously licks his lips, scrutinising the other people present. But no one seems to take note of the situation. (You incredible madman...)
The omega let out a loud gasp and seemed to be approaching her climax when Bill took her fingers away, interrupting her ministrations, and instead grabbed the backs of Cilia's knees with both hands. She lifted her legs and splayed them further, holding them in place with an adamantine grip to prevent Cilia from twisting away.
"What's this?" John asked a moment later, laughing, as he lifted the pillow Sherlock had wrapped in John's t-shirt.
The combination of happiness and grief threw him completely for a loop, especially after he had blocked his body from feeling anything at all for so long. And the profound sense of melancholy that John was broadcasting didn't improve the situation.
"Of course you haven't," John huffed derisively, although it wasn't unexpected. "Why am I not surprised? You know how early our train leaves in the morning."
Sherlock frowned, nonplussed. "That's not what Seven does..."
Sherlock realised what was about to happen before Harry had even consciously decided on the action, but he was powerless to prevent it. Moving much too fast, Harry picked up her pint glass and tossed the remaining contents in Sherlock's face. He flinched with shock. Beer dribbled through his hair, soaked into his shirt, ran down his cheeks, and dripped into his lap. He was too surprised to be angry, but felt shame and disgust burbling in his stomach and slowly making his blood boil.
"What a shame he's bonded… He would have made a fabulous addition to my collection," Moran said – ostensibly to his lawyer, yet loud enough for Sherlock to understand every word.
"Moriarty used fairy tales to construct riddles for Sherlock," John added carefully, this time securing Mycroft's attention. His ice-blue eyes bored into John, causing goose pimples to break out across the back of John's neck and making him shiver.
John got up and went to stand behind Sherlock at the window. Sherlock was acutely aware of his alpha's presence and scent, yet didn't dare to turn around and look him in the eyes.
"No. You're dead. Officially. You were buried two weeks ago. The papers are still full of it," Mycroft explained. "A veritable circus."
John returned the embrace with equal urgency, wrapping both around Sherlock.
"I've had to put up with it for over five years, and it's killing me that I can't change it! You were supposed to be the solution to the problem, but instead everything's only become much, much worse!" Sherlock jumped up with so much momentum that his chair skidded backwards and banged into the refrigerator. "And I
Shaking, he lifted the lid of the box and pushed it onto the table. Inside was a brass key resting on white velour, along with a miniature scroll that was bound with a red satin ribbon.
Sherlock drew his brows together and gave John's mother a sidelong glance. He felt the way her comment rubbed something in him the wrong way. But before the feeling could turn into anger, he told himself to get a grip. Lorraine certainly didn't intend to reduce him to his omegahood; she merely wanted to express that John and Sherlock were happy together – and they were.
The room was generously sized. In addition to the obligatory double bed, there was a dresser, a television, and a coffee table. And on the chesterfield behind it sat Ryan Walters, his legs crossed, with a glass of wine in his hand. When he saw the two new arrivals, he set the glass down and stood up, a wide grin on his face. The door fell shut behind Sherlock. Sherlock's eyes met Victor's, utterly bewildered. Victor returned the look coolly and calmly.
Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath, relaxed his cramped hands, and turned around to go back to the chair and sit down again. His eyes flicked over the psychologist, but he'd already seen everything there that there was to know about the man. Early fifties. One daughter in her teens. Never married. Black cat. Did sports to balance out his job as a psychologist. Squash. Right-handed. Smoker. No experience with field work. Not an agent. Clothing not new but tidy. Thrifty or underpaid?
"Where should I start?"
"Yeah?" John said with a relieved snort, and dropped a kiss onto Sherlock's tense lips. "That eases my mind. Still, I want to learn to handle all of that and control myself better. But I know for certain that I would never do to you what Moran did to Anastasia. Never!" John spoke the last few words with vehemence, hoping that they would find a receptive audience with Sherlock.
, Sherlock
The next few minutes passed in a heady whirlwind of physical and visual stimuli, accompanied by the fear that the door could be opened any minute and his parents might enter the room.
John expected to hear the door slam, signalling that he had lost that battle. Instead, Sherlock re-emerged a few moments later, his travelling case in one hand and his jacket in the other, and went down the stairs.
John raised his hands and shook his head helplessly. "Not here? I mean, after everything that's..." He cut himself off when a young man came by their table and cleared everything away, his hips bouncing in time with the music. He winked at John and Victor before moving away in the direction of the bar.
"Sherlock?" Mrs Hudson ventured as she stood up. She walked around the table and stood in front of him, placing her small, delicate hands on his cheeks, then his forehead. "Are you feeling warm? Your cheeks are bright red."
"I'm not asking for much, Shez. I know I can't have you, but... a little helping hand wouldn't be too much to ask, would it?"
"John? Stay a bit," Victor asked him after all, shakily flipping the key in his hand over and over.
Somewhat dazed, Sherlock complied and crawled into the middle of the bed, dropped onto his side, and looked over at the others, breathing hard. Victor raised an eyebrow archly and looked down at Ryan, who was still right next to him. The sight of the man kneeling in his button-down and suit trousers, his tie askew and his hair tousled, his lips kissed raw and pure unquenched desire in his eyes, aroused Victor more than he would ever have thought possible.
"Well, we're still in the trial phase, and alphas don't usually come quite that close to me. Which can certainly be counted as a success. In any event..." The omega's eyes scanned John, displaying a clear interest. "How often have you been turned down?"
"You're the one who always runs away when there's trouble between us," Sherlock murmured in a low voice.
John took it and gave it a friendly squeeze, returning the greeting with a simple "Greg," which made Sherlock blink in bewilderment. Apparently the two alphas were on better terms than he'd thought, if they were on a first-name basis.
Sherlock sighed and let go of the hem of his t-shirt, which he had been about to pull over his head. "What is it now?"
He traced a line down the side of Sherlock's neck with his nose, then pressed his lips against the nape of Sherlock's neck. His tongue darted out instinctively and tasted the tender skin there; he felt Sherlock shiver beneath him. Surprisingly, that part of Sherlock's body didn't taste salty as one might expect. On the contrary, the flavour was equal parts sweet and spicy. John fancied that Sherlock's scent was getting stronger.
They startle apart when the predictable chorus of “Eww!” and “Aww!” swells around them. Sherlock buries a blushing face in John’s chest.
Sherlock groans, but can’t deny the building excitement surrounding and within him. John is not the only one who enjoys an occasional rush of adrenaline.
“My dad said it would ‘Turn me into a pansy, rolling around in the dirt with a bunch of blokes every day.’” He quoted, then sighed. His dad was a bigoted jerk, but John needed to stay on his good side until he finished school in two years. After that, John had everything planned out - if he enlisted, the army would pay for his university and medical training. He’d spend a few years in service, and either continue on or return home to England, a qualified doctor. But until then, he had to make a few sacrifices to stay under his dad’s roof. Harry, his 19 year old sister, was living proof of what would happen if he didn’t.
“What is what what is?” John smiles, feeling elated and silly and invincible. He has Sherlock wrapped in his jacket, hopefully soon to be wrapped in his arms.
“How could you
“John!” Irene calls, sounding like she may have had to repeat it a few times. John shakes his head and rips his gaze away from the dark-haired man, whose gaze still doesn't leave his phone. “Large coffee. Black, two sugars.” John jerks his head in acknowledgment and turns around to pour the man’s coffee (thankfully already brewed) into a paper cup. He takes the private moment to pull himself together with a deep breath.
Sherlock tilts his head in assent to John at that. “Fair. Not surprising that Irene has already joined either, I suppose.”
He’d gotten away with a lot at school until a jilted ex ratted him out and he’d been forced to register with the Ministry.
But finally,
They meet in the hallway a minute later, and John stops in his tracks the second he catches sight of his boyfriend. Sherlock looks
John saunters over to him in time with the music, gently nudging Sherlocks legs apart so he can fit himself between them. Sherlock sets aside his computer and wraps his arms loosely around John’s neck. John cranes up onto the tips of his toes to give Sherlock a firm, smacking kiss.
John’s lips meet his in a question, a gentle, fleeting brush.
“Can I tell you something, Sherlock?” John asks, leaning across the table.
in paint. Colorful splashes and drops obscured the original tile of the floor completely and spray paint snaked its ways indiscriminately up the walls. There were stacks of wood and carpentry tools in one corner, a large pile of miscellaneous scenery stacked in another. John saw chairs and lamps from all different eras as well as, inexplicably, an enormous claw-footed bathtub, what appeared to be the front half of a helicopter made out of paper mache, and a tuba that had been spray painted electric pink.
John, is he,” Bill accuses, picking up on the wording as well. “We’re the ones who’ve known him since he was wee.”
, then I will march you over to his house right now to apologize or so help me,
“Mmhmm.” John wonders why James looks almost disinterested.
“You’re not listening John! You never do! This is all your fault!”
Sherlock blushes, and leans further into Victor to murmur something in his ear.
“John?” The boy looked back at him, eyebrows pulling together. “In theatre, we say ‘break a leg.’”
“Molly,” Sherlock answers, scowling at his phone. He rises and tells John, “I have a feeling we won’t be left alone if we don’t take these. I’ll be just a minute.”
Irene interrupts him. “But you didn’t do that with Sherlock. You didn’t hook up with him and dump him the next morning. Why not?”
Another
“Speedy’s.”
There'll be more of John's POV in the next chapter for those of you out there who are fans. Hoping to get this story finished before the fourth series airs.
“No, it’s not that. I-“ John glances at his mum, and licks his lips in anticipation. “I had some questions about the Statute of Secrecy.”
* * *
Sherlock runs his tongue over his braces as he scrutinizes John. Maybe if
“Oh didn’t you know Irene?” Feeling smug to have already known this bit of information, John pats Sherlock on the shoulder. “It had to come out eventually. I’ll leave you to Irene while I go pack.”
Sherlock takes a moment and pretends to think about it seriously, so John hits him in the head with a pillow. Sherlock laughs. “What? I have to give this due consideration. I’ve never
Irene looks up from the notebook and tilts her head towards the wall behind her. “Do you hear that?”
were routinely exposed to alcohol in Year 13, then the odds are astronomically in favor of his alcoholism continuing to be a problem. As for the money problems, that follows logically. Your parents couldn’t afford a new book for you, even though that one’s an outdated edition that has seen better days.”
. And he compliments my violin playing when he obviously doesn’t know a thing about classical music! It’s driving me up the wall!”
John heard his name being called, but he couldn’t answer.
As if sensing where his thoughts had wandered, Mary asked, “How’s Harry doing?”
John chuckles. “Changing my image was Irene’s idea. She told me I could either be Justin Bieber or Miley Cyrus.”
. What it’s going to mean that A-list celebrity John Watson is- well, bi I suppose, going by the song. Or pan?”
Sherlock feels his expression soften. “Of course, I wasn’t.
Irene says you’re not dead. How comforting. SH
“I look forward to it!”
pretending to date all of those girls,” John babbled, panicked.  After the Harry fiasco, his dad had been breathing down John’s neck, trying to make sure he hadn’t ‘raised
Sherlock’s performance grew more manic as Mercutio began to threaten Tybalt.
feeling stupid.
“Yes, very nice to see you again, Sherlock,” grumbles Lestrade. They both ignore him.
this one,” John says, and snaps his finger to vanish the remainder of their clothing into the corner of the room (a skill it had taken him months to perfect, to great acclaim in bed). John rolls them over and leans in for a thorough snog.
Sherlock’s fingers are combing through the hair on the back of John’s head thoughtfully. “What are you even going to do in Oxford? Aren’t many stadiums to sell out.”
I highly recommend pulling up Ella Fitzgerald's Cheek to Cheek for the relevant portion of the story. I listened to it on repeat as I was writing that section of this chapter!
* * *
“Um, what?” John asked, as he gave up on trying to understand the enigma of a boy sitting across from him. Under better circumstances he might have tried to parse Sherlock’s meanings, but just now? He had spent forty-eight of the past seventy-two hours in this school, and half of those trapped inside what was essentially a stuffy, dark, box with increasingly irritable occupants.
John can’t help but reminisce about his time at Hogwarts.
Mary’s eyes lit up worryingly and a mischievous smirk curved her lips.
“What? Who told you that?”
Not wasting a moment, John runs, Sherlock in his arms, making a wide arc around Molly’s guards. Sherlock is still giggling into his neck and clutching him tightly when John crosses the line and deposits the man on his feet. Sherlock clears his throat, and brushes imaginary lint from John’s shoulders. He’s adorably red and not meeting John’s eyes. “Well. Thank you, Captain.”
John shrugs. “Wizarding space. It’s all folded up inside the Muggle world. Bit genius, really. Wizards came up with a way to hide where nobody would look: where there was already something else to look at. I’ve read that you can fold space up to seven times, if you’re powerful enough to cast the charm. The Speedy’s you’re familiar with, occupies at least two other places that I know of.”
“Try what?” Sherlock asks, suspecting (hoping) what John’s asking for, but afraid that he might be wrong. Even after a decade, the sting of rejection feels raw.
John joins Sherlock at his chair just in time to intercept their drinks, which are soaring towards the table at an alarming rate.
* * *
Before long Sherlock turns drowsy, exhausted, John suspects, by an overload of emotions. “Why can’t anyone love me?” he murmurs, slurred, into John’s neck before his body relaxes entirely and he falls asleep.
Sherlock is overworked and exhausted and definitely not getting enough sleep. And he’s
Irene smirks. “Relax. It’ll be painless. Mostly. Just have some fun!” Sherlock crosses his arms, jaw stubborn.
“Exactly, he’s not! That’s just what I was going to say.”
could possibly be so
“Welcome to tech!” Mrs. Hudson began to a mixture of cheers and groans. “For those of you who haven’t experienced the marvel that is tech week, I’ll give a quick description. Our show opens in eight days, which means we have that time to add in costumes, lights, sets, and props.  I’ll ask all of you actors to be patient when we have to pause in our rehearsals to fiddle with the lights. You’ll get bored, but that’s the price of art, I’m afraid. There are going to be long hours, but don't any of you go neglecting your homework. Use the off time to study. I think that's about all I've got to say for the moment. Let's get started! Greg, dear?”
Sherlock’s eyes are bright when he meets John’s gaze. Slowly, John approaches him, and carefully folds him into his arms. After a tense moment, Sherlock slumps and tucks his face into John’s shoulder. His hands reach around to clutch John’s back. He’s shaking, and still breathing hard. “This isn’t going to work, John. Not if you dodge all my texts, not if there’s something making it
John clutches him harder, strokes a hand up and down his boyfriend’s spine. Sherlock had told John early on that
Thanks so much for reading! And thanks for all of the wonderful responses-- they made it extra fun to post my first-ever fic.
John watches in horror as Sherlock paces furiously, hands pulling at his hair and fingers twitching.  “Sherlock. I had no idea my keeping secrets was bothering you so much. You seemed so calm last week when we talked about it.”
Sherlock continues, “There’s just one thing. You shouldn’t call
John’s behind) captioned “
“The Prince,” John confirms. “It’s a bit soppy but to be fair I wrote that when I was drowning in what I thought were unrequited feelings for my brilliant—“ John doesn’t finish the sentence because Sherlock pulls him into a kiss.
Sherlock’s infamous Queen Mab speech. He even got catcalled when he walked out onstage, dark cat-eye makeup making him fiercer than ever. Luckily for the children attending, Mrs. Hudson had asked him to temper the sex. John watched his performance raptly, as if he hadn’t seen it ten times before, and pretended that he was doing so because his job relied upon complete concentration.
. It wasn’t a big deal.”
“And I love you, too.”
“And that’s up to personal taste!” Bill calls and John makes a face at him in the mirror.
* * *
There’s a smile growing on Sherlock’s face.
They peer around a corner and see two shady-looking Muggle men in the alley beside the Pearce’s previous workplace. Sherlock begins to murmur his deductions John.
“You don’t mind? Victor told me a little bit about Mary. Well, about
“I’ve seen more than a few of these videos. The kids at work send them to me, you know. Your John acts different, when these funny interviewers ask about you and him.”
“What?” John asked, startled. That wasn’t what he was expecting. “Why?”
of your ‘romantic’ trysts. Anytime you like someone enough to keep them longer than a few weeks, you self-sabotage. There was Clare, and Anthony, and Thea. Oh! Then there was that
. John had almost forgotten, in the midst of the performance, that Sherlock was not Mercutio. That Mercutio wasn’t Sherlock.
After examining their drinks, Sherlock leans across the table intently. “Where are we? Why does this place look just like Speedy’s? How is there a whole city inside London that nobody knows about? Except for the people that do, that is.”
“I know,” John replies seriously.
Next chapter will probably be up in about a week! thanks so much to everyone who's left their support on this story <3
Sherlock’s eyes instantly brighten. “There’s a bookstore?”
“My darling boy!” cries Mummy, in complete disregard for what he’s just said. “All grown up and now going on the road with a famous singer! I’m so proud of you. As long as you remember your promise.” The teary façade clears and she gazes sharply down at him.
From the second that they breach the stage, blinded by lights and deafened by cheers, that exhilarating
“Some of them – usually the younger teenagers – get discouraged. But apparently you bring out the competitor in me.” John winks up at Sherlock (the second wink bestowed in as many hours) as he holds the door of the cafeteria open. Sherlock flushes lightly and ducks inside, heading for his preferred table. John follows, and the two of them begin to serve themselves water and lunch.
he really wants. It would hurt even worse than having him myself, to deny him that.”
"Yeah, I, uh, saw you doing," John swept a hand towards Sherlock's entire self, hoping it conveyed the general idea, because John didn’t know how to verbalize anymore. "Well, I thought I'd stop by. Say hi and, you know, and that." God, could he sound any lamer? Three Counties, his arse. "How do you not get dizzy doing all those spins?” John asked.
John grins at the thought, still stroking Sherlock’s back. “Might be kind of fun. Go to uni just like anyone else. Well, sort of.”
John starts backwards like he hadn’t expected the question. “Um. I would say—that is to say,” John is brushing a hand through his hair nervously on the screen, stuttering as he tries to put together a coherent response. “Well, there’s someone. I mean we- he and I- we haven’t—“ There are cat-calls from the audience as Conan looks between John and them, delighted. “I mean – I don’t kiss and tell?” John tries as a last attempt to gather the tatters of his celebrity façade with a weak smile and face flaming.
Sherlock glowers at him, nostrils flaring.
How? How long? Mary, I-”
Feeling unbelievably stupid as he saw some of the football lads in the courtyard nearby, John gathered some saliva and spat on the ground, then cursed loudly. He spun around three times, as quickly as possible, and stumbled back towards the door from which he’d been ejected, dizzy. “Please, let me back in!” he tried. No luck. “Um, I’m really sorry for saying Mac- I mean, the ‘M’ word. If you please just let me back inside, I’ll never say it again. I’m begging you, please let me inside, its fucking frigid out here! Please!” John watched the group exchange inscrutable looks through the glass. Finally they looked to Sherlock, who in turn looked examined John. Sherlock nodded once, solemn, and opened the door. Thank fuck.
Molly winks at him with a dark glint in her eye just as John finally enters from the sitting room. Sherlock is about to launch an interrogation, but Molly steps towards John first, knife poised just shy of threateningly between her hands.
The cheers of the studio audience have settled down, so Sherlock sets the laptop between them and puts the video to full screen. John looks sharp as ever on camera, in a blue waistcoat and with his hair styled.
“A couple of hours after the incident. Thanks to your rash stupidity I was treated for nothing more severe than shock.”
“Should I have led with that?”
John’s amusement dies as he watches Sherlock clamber from a tangled heap and start limping towards the enemy jail.
album art. It reminds him that all this craziness has a real-life impact.
“And spend some time with that John Watson of yours.” Sherlock opens his mouth to retort but she talks louder. “Don’t try to be coy, sweetheart, he
“I was just saying, Sherlock will be hearing from us soon. And then, hopefully, we’ll be hearing from him.” Irene raises an eyebrow at John pointedly.
, that one. They were all messaging me about ‘John-lock,’ me and John. And Irene started sending me these, well,
Wrong-footed, John tries to stammer out an inquiry after the man’s health, but all he gets in return is an amused brow-raise (an expression he knows very well on a different face) and a swat to the back of his legs from the man’s crutches that sends him stumbling down the hall to Sherlock's room.
“So. What’s all this really about, then?”
“What, seriously?” John laughed. The superstition sounded familiar, but were they really going to enforce a rule like that? He looked around at five solemn faces. Apparently so.
“So that was a case, then?” John finally asks when they stop outside Sherlock’s door.
echoed through the theater, loud and ruinous.
“Right.” Yes. This again. Sherlock takes a deep breath as he gathers the words he’d been mentally rehearsing all day. “I was talking about Miami. Um. Do you remember, when we were at the airport-”
“But I am, John. I’m an anomaly, among my peers, my family, and my few friends. It is unusual, to care about something as inconsequential as a necklace,” Sherlock waved his hand towards the cameo necklace. “But it matters, in a way that Sally wouldn’t care to understand. To
“What?” Sherlock cries, bewildered by this turn of events. He pulls himself up to sitting to better face the glower on John’s face.
Sherlock’s confusion slips into an mischievous smile. “Well in that case, what would they like to know?” he licks his lips and looks into the camera.
Sherlock feels a swelling in his chest as the song builds steadily towards—something. He isn’t completely sure yet, but somehow he can
Sherlock blushes, which obviously delights John as he smiles and reaches up to touch his warming cheeks.
“I…need some time. To figure out how to tell you.” John brings both his hands to Sherlock’s face, the better to lock gazes with him. Sherlock brings up his hands to John’s wrists, and they complete a circuit. Energy hums smoothly between them, a physical magic that the curriculum of Hogwarts failed to cover.
“Forget the bisexual thing. What is the world going to say when John Watson comes out as a fanboy? The world deserves to know, John.”
in brass lettering. “Maybe you should use it,” Sherlock calls with a wink as he pushes open the door to his home. He pauses to say, “Oh, and I prefer texting.” And then he’s gone.
by Phyllida Smith (worrying)
“Can’t blame a bloke for looking. Anyways, that one needs to grow into his height a little bit, if he
It was bad enough when earlier that day Sherlock had discovered and correctly identified an
John gestures to the far corner of the room, just past Sherlock, where an ancient-looking cardboard cut-out of his younger self is propped behind a low table. Sherlock turns his head curiously to look, yelps, and rolls out of bed naked to shove the figure into a wardrobe, John’s giggles accompanying the movement. With a dramatic groan, Sherlock crawls under the duvet, head and all. “Can we pretend you didn’t see that?” comes his muffled voice.
John chuckles. “One thing you’ll learn, young Sherlock, is that saying the word,” John leans in and whispers, “’
“Oh!” she squeaks. “I’m sorry sir, I just wanted to talk to John Watson.” She then steps
“I wouldn’t say that.” A sly expression flits across the man’s face as he looks John over once again. It would almost look flirtatious, if it weren’t for the careful, calculating power behind his gaze as it flicks over different parts of John’s body. John takes a small step backwards in response to the intensity of the man’s attention.
“Do close your mouth and at least
John throws back his golden head and laughs, bright and free. Sherlock thinks he would quite easily get used to the new fanned crinkles in the corners of John’s eyes, given half a chance.
“You know I’m not a pouf. I’m not gay.” John repeats the words, as if to himself: “I’m not gay.” John huffs out a bitter laugh, short and hard.
John crouches down so that he’s on the same level as her and the half-dozen six- through eight-year olds, smiling broadly. (Stupid handsome face.)
* * *
John barks happily in affirmation.
“So.”
“What, on the account where you talk about ash?”
“Yes, you’re a woman.”
Happy pride month, everyone!
“We don’t know anything about these plants, Sherlock. And I’m unarmed. And naked.”
“Ah, well. Had to greet my adoring public and all that.” John clears his throat and glances curiously towards Molly and his parents.
John startles again when Sherlock returns, glancing down at Sherlock’s case with a frown. “Do you take that violin everywhere?”
He paused, but Sherlock did not appear to have a response to that. John could nearly
Sherlock was trembling again. John pulled off his rugby jacket and wrapped it around his friend’s shoulders, worried. “Are you alright?”
None was forthcoming. The problem was, John rarely talked about Mary. Once, Sherlock had attempted to tease John about his near-legendary history of romantic conquest. He’d called John ‘Three Counties Watson,’ like he’d heard the rugby lads do, expecting an eye-roll or a cocky smirk. Instead John had paled and clammed up. Shut down. He was hiding something. But what?
John is shaking. Sherlock glances up from his notebook to see John stifling a fit of giggles. He looks mortified and starts turning red. “Oh my God. Oh my
John and Sherlock meet again (and again and again).
“Was he- did you not want to?”
“I like Sherlock. He makes you happy.”
John nods to himself, toeing into his good shoes as he buttons up the new shirt. It’s been nearly a week since he’d finally asked Sherlock out, and tonight is their first date. They’d spent all day at the shop, trading smiles and winks and flirting at every opportunity.
“Trust me, mate.” Mike tells him grimly. “Restrict yourself to an occasional winking face. And for fuck’s sake, whatever you do, stay away from the produce.”
“Thanks, Watson. You ready?” John looked over to see Greg at his table, leaning over his script. He had dressed up for the night in a black blazer, black shirt, and black tie.
“Yes, we’re kind of in the middle of-“ Sherlock starts.
Sherlock smiles, but keeps on with playing as he speaks louder. “My dad. To quote him,
Sherlock hums. “Haven’t been on a proper one of those before, either.”
When the song is over, John takes Sherlock’s left hand in his right, raising them to the air in celebration amidst the cheers. “Sherlock Holmes, everybody!”
No! First Irene and your other flatmates, now you’re telling me
Irene finally speaks from her perch on a stool next to the kitchenette, where she has been quietly nursing a cup of coffee. “He’s not kidding about that last bit. When Sherlock walked through the door, the kettle whistled.”
Yawning, Mike takes down John’s red collar and leash from where they hang next to the door, and John growls a bit.
The woman continued her examination with calm efficiency, talking all the while. She didn’t appear to need John’s response, so he relaxed into the warm soothing atmosphere of her chatter and its protective bubble. As long as this woman was talking about crap telly, there couldn’t be anything terribly wrong in the world.
* * *
he’s lying, but…
Sherlock’s head appears over Mrs. Hudson’s, a hand resting on her shoulder. “That’s grand to hear, John. Is your protective nature satisfied, Hudders?” He ducks to kiss her cheek, using the motion to gently sidle past her and up to John.
“You idiot, where did you even find this? Mrs. Hudson explicitly asked that no religious symbols be used on stage for this production!” Sherlock was yelling, shaking something on a gold chain in front of Sally’s face.
“C’mon, Sherlock. I already knew you were a fan before we met. Just didn’t think you were one of
“Did you know it was part of a chain?” John asks innocently, and tugs on Sherlock’s hand to begin leading him to the corner of Diagon and Horizont Alley. Sherlock stops pouting when he realizes that John is not leading them back towards the Leaky Cauldron.
“Will you come into the shop tomorrow?” John blurts out.
The children all cheer, more a product of John’s enthusiasm than anything else. Sherlock watches with amusement (and more than a little empathy) as Mary blushes and ducks her head in the face of a megawatt John-Watson smile.
They look seriously at one another for a moment before cracking up. John’s giggle is as boyish as it ever was, and Sherlock smiles so widely it aches on his face. Has he once smiled like this in the years since he’s seen John?
! And you, in it, obviously. And Sherlock. In it.” (Sherlock discreetly steps on her foot to get her to shut up. She’ll thank him later.)
“Yes, fine, it looks kind of scary, and it has a lot of buttons and knobs and stuff, but it can be really fun! You can even listen to conversations that actors are having backstage when they’re micced. Oh! Not that I do that! Um.” Molly finished, blushing quite pink.
He’d sent her an owl this morning, asking if she’d be willing to meet him during his lunch break. Having a Ministry attorney for a sister has some perks, free legal advice chief among them. It almost makes up for how obnoxiously delighted their mother is that Harry continued the family tradition. Watsons are meant to be lawyers, not healers.
* * *
It’s less than a quarter of an hour before John is pounding on another door. Victor’s father answers, and John charges past him without a word and up the stairs to Victor’s room before anyone can stop him. His door is locked, or John would barge straight in. He hammers on the door rather than kicking it down straight away.
- - -
There’s the clothes, first of all. He’s in a horrendous polka dot blouse that's been unbuttoned nearly down to his belly button, bell bottom jeans, and loafers.
They have had five more “dates” since Angelo’s, and have spent every weekend mooning across the Speedy’s counter at each other. Three of the six dates included chasing down a criminal, and two had included a romantic meal, and one a trip to the cinema. Irene and Bill think they’re disgusting, and Mike thinks they’re sweet. John had even asked Mrs. Hudson to split his paychecks into Galleons and British pounds, so that he could treat Sherlock to a night out once or twice a week, depending on whether or not Sherlock allowed him to pay his half.
“Do you think they’ll get it?” John says, turning mock-serious as he looks between Sherlock and Irene, obviously joking.
“And you once went on live television and asked Beyoncé to marry you.”
- - -
“As opposed to…?” Sherlock asks.
. Sherlock saw himself in much of Mercutio’s character. Just as Mercutio’s quick, witty comments were the ‘children of an idle brain,’ Sherlock’s deductions were the product of his boredom.
John continued, “Hypocritical, maybe. She definitely won’t be able to date any girls in front of our parents, but maybe if they think it’s just a passing phase, that there’s still a chance that Harry’ll end up with a man…” The plan sounded, if possible, even worse out loud than it had in his head. On top of that, there was little chance of getting Harry to do anything she didn’t want to do. Harry had been out and proud at school for nearly a year before dad had caught her snogging Clara on the couch. He’d shouted himself hoarse before physically throwing her from the house. Mum had stood by, crying uselessly about what she’d done wrong to deserve this from her daughter. John had confronted his dad. To make a long story short, he’d been bruised and sore for a week.
A real smile pulls on John’s mouth for the first time since he heard from Mrs. H that Victor was joining Vegas. “You’re too good for me, Irene.”
With a playful growl, John heaves Sherlock over his shoulder and carries him to the bedroom, shaking under Sherlock’s laughter all the way there.
“It means a lot to
* * *
this.
to gain even a modicum of respect from the others in this department, and most of that was Mrs. Hudson’s doing. And then
Most methods of magical transportation are either too uncomfortable or too conspicuous for Muggle London. Since Diagon is only a few streets away from his flat, John suggests they walk. He decides against disillusioning both of them, considering he’s seen stranger outfits on London streets before.
“...What?”
“Thus demonstrating the validity of the question.”
“The school you attended with Irene. It’s a boarding school in Scotland, isn’t it?”
Sherlock’s eyebrows draw together in confusion as he looks between John’s reddening face and the bouquet in his hands. He’s doing the rapidly-blinking thing that he does when something has surprised him. It reminds John that this is
John wasn’t sure whether or not he was ready to tell the truth to anyone about his dad just yet. He really believed that he could handle himself and his dad for the next year and a half. After this many years living with the bastard, he might as well stick it out. Where would he even go if they arrested his dad? Foster care? His mother was hardly fit to care for him. The woman just drank and wailed and cried. It was a miracle John’s father hadn’t turned on her over the years. John hated to admit it, but he wasn’t sure he would have found it in himself to put himself between her and his dad the way he had Harry.
“I’m not a waiter!” he cries, indignant. Sherlock tilts his head innocently. He's
“No more of this! No more pretending that I don’t know something odd is going on! No more pretending I don’t notice that you’re the oddest person I’ve ever met! No more gargoyles and Merlins and purple toads!” Sherlock tosses his arms in the air. “Do you know where I was an hour ago?”
(Impossible.) Or. No. Delightfully, maddeningly (
“I’m afraid the magic pictures will still be there if I do.”
He was wrong.
“What?”
John growls and pulls Sherlock on top of him. “Oh yeah?” he asks. “Then you’ll
?’ Your ability to flatter exceeds itself, John. I-” Sherlock cut off as his eyes tracked something behind John.
“It's easy. Take him to a nice restaurant. Pull out his chair. Crack a joke or two, because you’re too tense, and you’re about to be late. So. Are you ready?”
Sherlock glanced briefly at his brother and saw the underlying rage and barely restrained alarm behind the crumbling mask of perfect unapproachability. The feeling of guilt for having let Moriarty escape, and the grief over the consequences they were now being subjected to.
"Sherlock's big brother," Victor answered, regarding John speculatively.
"I thought you wanted me to meet your family? Otherwise you wouldn't have tried so hard to talk me into this mini-break."
Late one evening, John came out of the bathroom in his pyjamas and dressing gown after having a shower and sat down on the couch to watch some TV. He glanced over at Sherlock, who was lurking around the living room in a similar state of attire, and patted the cushion beside him.
. As a result, Nigel's first impression of John was made in connection with the terms 'drugs' and 'violent', and had been filed away in that drawer in his head. John didn't have any influence on whether Nigel might change his mind at some point. But he didn't really care whether the coach liked him or not, as long as he could conjure up the illusion of old times for a couple of hours a week. Even if it was the harmless version.
"We want to have a baby, you know?"
"Sherlock?" John's voice penetrated the half-closed bathroom door, both a curse and promise; like invisible fingers reaching for him, lulling him into complacency and trying to draw him back in.
Instead, he chose a vein on his wrist right below his thumb, and gritting his teeth, painfully worked the needle underneath the sensitive skin. His eyes filled with tears and the grinding of his teeth was torture on his eardrums. As soon as it was in, he squeezed down on the plunger then yanked the needle quickly back out. He pressed a clean tissue on top of the injection spot and went into the kitchen, where he took a cooling gel pack out of the icebox and held it to his wrist to ease the pain.
"No... no, no, no!"
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock nodded and swallowed down the excess saliva in his mouth. His stomach growled indignantly. He took two cups out of the cupboard over the coffee machine – Lorraine didn't even need to tell him where they were – and filled them. Just as he was about to pour the coffee into the second cup, something occurred to him.
"Erm... yeah.... Are you finished? Shall we go?"
"Oy!" came a shout from the front end of the pub. The publican had stepped out from behind his bar and now stood there with his fists propped on his hips. "That's enough, Watson! You've had your fill. Gerrout!"
"The last time I was here," Sherlock began without turning around. "Do you remember what we talked about?"
Sherlock noticed that the chair on the left looked different than the one on the right. The chair legs were sturdier, and even though he couldn't see the floor, he assumed that they were fixed in place there in order to prevent the prisoner from escaping. The right-hand chair was a normal folding chair that could be removed from the room at any time, just like the table.
, John thought to himself, stunned speechless.
"Fuck you, John Watson!"
"That you felt it every time I was together with someone else? Whenever I had sex?"
John feels the vibration of his mobile and retrieves it from his pocket with knitted brows he opens the incoming message.
"...and then he left. I assume he's gone back to Manchester for the time being. At least that's what he always used to do whenever he needed a bit of distance from me. But this time is... different... I have the feeling he's not going to return to London for a while," Sherlock concluded, brushing John's lower arm with his thumb.
John ignored the flood of messages coming in on his phone. He played with the thought of turning it off completely several times, but since he was still waiting for a response from Victor, he grudgingly put up with the constant buzzing and beeping from incoming calls and texts. The passengers on the Circle Line gave him dirty looks, but John studiously ignored them as well.
"Look, her construction is quite shapely, don't you think?" Sherlock asked curling his mouth into a smirk.
"Right, okay… just a little longer, yeah? You're doing so well. Look at me, look at me," John said and leaned over Sherlock. He picked up the lube again and spread some on his erection. Then he put his hand down on the mattress beside Sherlock's shoulder to hold himself up as he guided his cock to Sherlock's quivering hole. It was hot, fairly glowing. A thin film of sweat had formed on their skin, but there was no cooling off now.
Frustrated, John went into the bedroom and got his phone. It only took a few seconds for him to compose and send a message to Mycroft, not concerned about whether he was going to wake him with it.
Sherlock's gaze lingered on Moran for a moment longer, but as soon as he started for the door, Sherlock also left the room. Just outside, he ran into the alpha and his lawyer – quite by 'coincidence.'
"Happy New Year, Mr Hard-to-Get!" Abigail said with a smirk. Her eyes widened when he let her in. "Oh, I see my matchmaking efforts have borne fruit!" She grinned broadly as she pointed at Victor's neck.
"Oh, Sherlock. I haven't spoken to you in
"Don't know her."
Were there any documents she needed to bring along? Sherlock had never been interested in such things, never thinking that he would ever be confronted with a situation like this.
"Sherlock?"
The flat looks exactly like it did when he left. With the small addition of some files which suspiciously look like they belong to Scotland Yard (which Sherlock hopefully received from Greg and didn’t nick), and a couple of empty teacups lying around. This can only mean that Mrs Hudson, who usually takes care of the inexorable chaos when John is not at home, is either visiting her sister for a few days or that Sherlock has scared her away. Hopefully not the latter. John would have to grovel to excuse the uncouth behaviour of his flatmate because Sherlock probably doesn’t even understand what he might have done wrong. But in John’s opinion Mrs Hudson is vital for the survival of the two men living here and she must therefore be handled with care. He makes a mental note to drop by her flat tomorrow at the latest and check if everything is in order.
Sorry, I completely forgot to post the new chapter yesterday ><
John grunted his understanding and gazed pensively out the window. He wondered what that kind of life must have been like for Sherlock. Being constantly separated from his family as a child, not having anyplace to really call home or anyone to orient himself by, no real connection; that all must have left an indelible mark on him.
If he'd known what he was setting himself up for, John never would have bonded with Sherlock.
There were several empty bottles and glasses on the table, but at least the music wasn't quite as loud, so that it was possible to talk. John sat down, wiped his hands off on his trousers, and pinched the bridge of his nose.
? The source of inspiration for his blog! Well, obviously, Sarah Sawyer.
"Phone..." he croaked, pointing at his mobile phone on the small nightstand.
Mrs Hudson was already waiting down at the door for him. Quiet and withdrawn, as if she'd collapsed in on herself. Her eyes were swollen from all the tears, a fact which she hadn't been able to fully conceal with her make-up. She tried to smile when John came down the stairs. He would have liked to hug her, but held back. His own emotional framework was too fragile. He couldn't even force an encouraging smile onto his face. They left the house together and took a taxi to the cemetery, where they would need to say good-bye to the person who had left such a gaping hole in both of their lives.
"Come in, John," came a weary voice from inside the room.
Sherlock mastered the skip and the wall much faster than their suspect, due to his height. He landed next to a pile of glass from a shattered mirror, its frame leaning against the wall. Just in time, he saw the man flying down the lane to turn left at an intersection. Sherlock took up the chase. A few seconds later, he heard John come over the wall as well.
much fun with it!
"The pheromone blocker. Are you still working on it?"
"Sherlock… what are you talking about?" John said, his voice laced with concern and disbelief. "I would never… Oh God, I love you, you idiot! You do know that, don't you? I'd never give you away or allow anyone to take you away from me!" John declared and pulled Sherlock into his arms.
He wrapped his arms around his trembling body, burying his face in the damp pillow. His fingernails dug hard into his skin, leaving behind red-hot half-moons. It wasn't enough to override the pain inside him. It would never be enough. No matter what he did, his pain only seemed to increase.
"Another," Moriarty demanded.
"Sherlock?"
"Of course!" John insisted.
And instead of telling John about his problem, he'd rung Detective Inspector Lestrade and bothered him until the man brought him a case. The McKenzie file. But his appearance on Baker Street had only led to another argument between John and Sherlock, and sent Lestrade scurrying away as fast as he could. John didn't want another alpha in the flat – bonded or not. His territorial behaviour was getting worse each day.
Sherlock seized John's arm, which was pointing threateningly in Lestrade's direction, and tried to pull his alpha back. He cursed the sheer power emanating from the man and tried feverishly to think of a way to prevent him from tearing the Detective Inspector to pieces.
He was seized by another fit of cramps just moments later. He whimpered, writhing on the floor until it had passed. He could barely open his eyes in the aftermath. The looming darkness was inexorably encroaching. His back broke out in goosebumps, and one single sobering thought emerged to the forefront:
Sherlock stood up and strode decisively around the table. "May I hold him?" he requested, holding out his arms.
If his body wasn't going to behave the way he wanted and his alpha was going to interfere with his work, the time had come to put his plan to get rid of John into motion.
"Don't play games with me, tell me what's going on. You practically attacked me last night; I think I have the right to know what this is all about!"
"Mycroft Holmes," John barked. For a brief moment, he felt sorry for the man, whose carefully arranged expression suddenly slipped away.
To have all of Sherlock's attention focused on him was sometimes too much of a good thing. But at the moment, John was enjoying the fact that the detective knew how to interpret the meaning of each and every move and gasp. It was like letting go and arriving at the same time. Like reaching a destination after a long journey. A destination that John hadn't even known he was aiming for.
"Wait!" John cried, aware that Sherlock was about to end the call.
Once Sherlock had finished blow-drying his hair, they took a stroll through the local streets. Sherlock didn't much care where they ate, but John seemed to have some vague idea where he wanted to go, so Sherlock let him take the lead. He'd lost his appetite anyway, and he couldn't promise he'd be able to get much down.
Outside, I found an inconspicuous corner where I dropped the brick and leaned against the wall to wait for the ambulance.
"No." Sherlock shook his head, then adjusted the washcloth, which had shifted with the motion. "Then I searched a large number of skips, hoping to find bloodstained clothing. As you quite rightly noted, blood must have splashed onto the killer. Yet Moran's clothes were clean when he was arrested."
Disoriented, Victor shook his head, then reached for John and grabbed him by the jumper. By putting his feet down flat and a clever rotation of his hips, Victor managed to heave John to one side and stand up.
... you've found a job then?"
After that meeting, John would go and visit his family while Bill spent the inevitable heat with Cilia. Although Bill herself was the one who had suggested John as a potential sperm donor, she would probably rip out his throat and his balls if he got anywhere near Cilia during a heat. A meeting much less intercourse with the other omega was therefore completely out of the question until it was over. He would wait until after the holidays to join Bill in Leeds and spend the rest of his furlough there.
! Unfortunately, I was never able to find him. Funnily enough, his name was also Sebastian, but then it's not that uncommon a name."
"As if you needed to worry about that kind of thing," Harry sneered, scowling as she scooped a helping of peas onto her plate. "You were always the model son, weren't you? Mr Perfect, Dr Watson, soldier, alpha. Enough to make anyone sick!"
After sharing an appetiser of fresh mozzarella, green tomatoes, and a delicate vinaigrette, John indulged in a large plate of spaghetti with meat sauce. He was in urgent need of protein. Sherlock in turn hungrily chowed down on his pasta with wild mushroom sauce. Between chewing and swallowing, the omega explained how he had met Angelo several months earlier and saved him from being sent to prison. Sherlock told the story with so much relish and dry humour that John felt mesmerised, hanging on his every word.
"You mean more to me than my physical urges, or some alpha ideal that's been cooked up by society, Sherlock."
. Sherlock had contacted Mycroft without John's knowledge, and Mycroft had quickly discovered that Moriarty was behind the judgment. The whole affair had been nothing more than a setup. Another demonstration of Moriarty's power.
"I'm feeling better. My pain level's better. And so is…" He cleared his throat again to shift the frog in his throat. He didn't like talking about emotional stuff, but he wanted to try to be open with Sherlock. "… my emotional state. How... how about you?"
"I just want you to be safe and healthy," John murmured, kissed the dimples on either side of Sherlock's spine, and bit gently into the upper curve of his buttocks. "… for you to feel good. For you to relax..."
-icon and read the few lines of text. The programme is apparently able to determine the kind and intensity of a sex toy’s vibration. John swallows hard. He gazes in the direction in which Sherlock disappeared. Was he lying in his bed now, waiting for John to start the programme? What kind of reaction does Sherlock expect from John? That he simply agrees and plays along? (As if I could ever refuse him anything ...)
"Have you also got an album for Mycroft?" John asked, giving Mrs Holmes an inquisitive look.
Sherlock rolled onto his other side and blinked up at the closed door.
John was the only one left, but there was no way he would ever ask him for help. Never!
"What the hell is your problem?!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"It's... complicated," he said after a while.
Out on the gravel lot, they found Daniel, another soldier from John's group. He was the youngest in the unit, and had only been in Afghanistan for a short time. He was leaning against one of the cars and smoking with a disgusted expression on his face.
He’s been in here every morning this week with a stupid grin on his face, texting you incessantly. And Mike said you skivved off of classes yesterday to chase him down on that diamond smuggling case. Then he comes in this morning looking like
get ahold of yourself, Holmes) not to shiver at the feeling of John’s rough palm against his own.
Sherlock had utterly embarrassed himself the last time they'd met, going on about how much he loved acting, how John was so
“For Annie?” Sherlock asks John, taking his hand.
“John Watson…Welcome to theatre,” Sherlock rumbled with a faint quirk of the lips.
“Sherlock! Molly! Over here with your lot!” John calls out from the equipment shed. “I’ve set up our space on the main lawn, but first we need to get all of you set up with proper protection.”
Victor returns the inquisitive gaze, except the way he does it, it’s less like he’s trying to parse Sherlock’s secrets and more like he’s trying to imagine him without any clothing. John grits his teeth.
And he looks…ethereal. The flashing green and purple lights cast dramatic shadows on his face, and Irene has lined his eyes to perfection. She must have put something on his skin as well because he's genuinely
of Madonna CDs wedged between Sherlock’s classical music and mummy’s jazz albums. Oh, Sherlock is going to give Mycroft
He surveyed John's face for ill intent, but found only genuine curiosity. Sherlock supposed he ought to reward that with the truth. "Tedious. Anderson delivers his lines like there's a gun to his head. Mrs. Hudson knows he's terrible, but apparently his father gave a 'generous donation' to the drama department this fall. And Benvolio has been following me around like a puppy for no discernible reason. I had to get out of there, if only for a moment."
John taps his fingers on the counter, staring into space as he contemplates just how true that is.
Sherlock does what he always does when the emotions get so large and cumbersome that he’s ready to start pulling out his hair. He calls Molly.
“That’s not how I meant it.” Sherlock thinks back to a time when he didn’t have John in arm’s reach, when he and Harry Watson were just faces on the television, voices on the radio. “Listen. You already know I was a fan before I met you. When I was young and awkward and had no friends, you were always so sweet and kind to your fans on telly. And then Molly and I became friends because of The Watsons. It’s like were always going to have a place in my heart.” John still looks guarded, but he hasn’t tried to pull away his hand again so Sherlock keeps talking.
“What? N-no, I don’t think-” even in his less than sober state, Sherlock knew that was
sister, and his Mum and Harry laugh.
“Yes! That’s me.” Sherlock is looking straight at John, his head tilted to one side, eyes intent. Is he confused? John probably sounds like a total prat, assuming the dancer recognizes him. “I mean, I am. John. Watson. Um. The singer? Which. You probably- might! Probably might know, if you’re auditioning! Which, you dance very well! We were watching. Through the mirror! Oh, God that probably sounds creepy. Is it creepy? I mean-” John would’ve gone on spilling out every word that came to his mind without anything like a filter had Irene not stepped forcefully on his foot.
judges his emojis.
He was never going to survive the night. The potent combination of tequila and John’s glittering blue eyes was lethal. It would kill him.
“Did Irene send you? As I told her, I am
“I feel
“Hi, guys,” Sherlock starts. Irene and Molly both clear their throats, so Sherlock back- tracks, knowing better than to roll his eyes
John tries again to summon a charming grin as he plants his elbows on the counter and leans forward. He looks at the man from under his fluttering eyelashes in a way that an ex of his once described as ‘devastatingly coy’. “You got almost everything right. Except… I don’t have a dog.”
Irene stares, the fury in her expression slowly leaking out to make way for disbelief. She groans in frustration. “Morgana on high, John Watson, you are twenty years old, how can you be this emotionally stunted?!”
The idiot. The
Sherlock scowls at her and pays, refusing to acknowledge the blush coloring his cheeks. If this girl can recognize it, then at least John won’t mistake the gesture for what it is.
“Well, you’re the tall, aloof dancer. With a genius intellect and a great pair of legs. And I
and not anybody else, and that he doesn’t need to feel so nervous. He’s putting his heart in the safest place he knows: in the hands of his best friend.
“And where does Mrs. Hudson live?”
Cheers explode as the audience around them shakes in excitement. Sherlock tries half-heartedly to walk past John and escape backstage, but John’s arm reaches out and snags him around the waist.
John glares, but doesn’t argue. Usually when Irene mocks him like this, it’s because she’s about to fix everything.
This is the end! For now, at least.
, John thinks. Who
Sherlock grins, and smacks a kiss on John’s lips. “I thought you’d never ask.”
John gazes at Irene helplessly. “Because he’s special.”
The puddle of a man replies to the sound of John’s feet with a little whinging grumble, his arms wrapped protectively atop his head. “Go away, Irene. Leave me here to die.”
Sherlock gasps. “Molly Hooper! Do not tell me you called me to talk about my chem lab when you have Irene Adler in your bed?”
and the words kept coming. “Besides. The younger ones don’t yet understand that I am…unusual. They see me as someone who knows how to tie their shoelaces, who will carry their pack when it gets too heavy, who will…dry their tears when they miss their mums. To them I’m not the loner with no friends, the
“You’re making a mess of those beets, Sherlock.” He turns to glare at Molly who’s perched on the kitchen table, having invited herself over for dinner when she heard that John was in town. “You might have more success with them if you stopped trying to eavesdrop.”
* * *
John barely had time to register blonde hair and a blazing smile before they were jumping into his arms. “I made it! Oh, John, I made the show! I got the
“Your flatmates obviously know, this room is full of magical artifacts. Oh! They’re wizards too,
“I wouldn’t give Molly the satisfaction!” John can spot the pout from here. Good God, John loves this man.
They bowl, eat bad pizza, drink mediocre beer, and have a terrific time. John flirts shamelessly and unselfconsciously to find out just how red Sherlock can get. Call it retribution for making him watch that awful Conan video.
“Mmm?”
“Is it a date if we arrest a criminal in the middle of dinner?”
girls instead of boys.”
“Had a nice nap, love?”
“I heard you singing the lyrics to
obviously. “Hello, my friends of multiple genders whom I will not generalize into the patriarchy by calling ‘guys.’” John expects the boy on Sherlock’s arm to comment on the robotic tone of voice, but he only laughs and leans into Sherlock’s side, saying:
“Nevermind,” Sherlock announces. “You don’t even currently have a bed. We’ll make do with these.” Sherlock pushes a pair of mismatched mugs into John’s hand and takes a stack of dishware of his own, bottle of wine tucked under one arm. “Come on, take that bag and let’s go.”
John has been avoiding thinking about this.
of all people wouldn’t accept a fifteen year-old tutoring him for A-levels.
“Is it always going to be that good with you?” Sherlock asks, breathless and smiling so wide his whole face crinkles up.
When Pranav tells John about a series of thefts in his neighborhood, John adds Sherlock to the call and watches him solve a crime that happened on the other side of the Earth.
He looks into John’s eyes, and a spark of something like …recognition lights in his eyes. John thinks for a moment that Sherlock will identify him, but the look vanishes in the next moment. Sherlock still looks puzzled, though. “I’ve never seen this breed with blue eyes before. It’s almost like…”
In the living room, he discovers something vaguely Sherlock-shaped buried entirely under what must be all the blankets the Holmes family owns, sniffling wetly into a pile of tissues.
Building scenery for the show kept John and Billie busy, hammering platforms and cutting archways and pillars out of sheets of wood. Stan and Sarah stopped by for a few hours each week to help out, always eager to talk about rehearsals. Stan in particular would not shut up about how brilliant it was to act with Sherlock.
John loses it. “For fuck’s sake, Victor’s bi.” (John ignores Irene’s muttered:
the mirror. And whatever he sees, he’s hungry for it. His body is lithe and flexible, and there are patches of sweat forming around the collar of his lilac shirt. When he snaps up from a dip and
Sherlock loses the pretension of stealth when the door creaks and John’s head snaps up, hands frozen on his guitar.
“Oh, I
How had Sherlock lost track of time so quickly? Nearly a fortnight has passed since
he was playing hard to get-“ Mike retorts, and John looks down at him in confusion. “But John was dead smitten with Reggie and rubbish at acting like he wasn’t. So what actually happened was, John ran hot and cold on the poor bloke for weeks right up until Reggie had had enough and climbed him like a Wiggentree.”
“Well, what did you-“ Sherlock starts to ask Molly, but this time she shushes him, and Sherlock sees why in an instant. The screen is showing John again, shoulders more relaxed and face loose as he looks somewhere off-camera. “How was that, then?” John asks. “Did we get it?” Claps and cheers are heard from behind the lens, and John breaks into a whoop. “C’mon you two, we’re gonna group hug this out right now!” he calls, and Sherlock and Irene skip-run back into screen, crashing into John from either end. He throws one arm over Irene’s shoulders and another around Sherlock’s waist.
She had her friends and her hobbies and her sparkling eyes. She had a smiling demeanor and was quick to temper when she thought her friends were being insulted or threatened. What Sherlock did not see in her was an
The bell above the shop door rings, and John stands to return to work. “And if you think I won’t be texting you hearts and stupid faces every night until then, you’re dead wrong.”
“Stop moping about the bar and go dance with him!” Irene rudely interrupted his daydreams with a (pointy) elbow to the rib cage (between right false ribs 8 and 9). Sherlock scowled into his martini, grumbling.
“I’m going to make you join the crew.”
he’d said.
“Sherlock? What’s wrong?”
“I know. So. Let’s watch that film now, eh?”
John is by now completely oblivious to his surroundings as he smiles widely at his phone, composing a response. He thumbs a random button accidentally and gasps in excitement when a new display pops up over his keyboard.
“What, is the great Sherlock Holmes, scared?” Irene asked teasingly (knowingly).
Mike and Irene turn twin looks of pitying disbelief upon Bill, and John finally feels vindicated about his Muggle Studies N.E.W.T. He knows all about electricity. It’s what Mike’s telly runs on.
“I am definitely going to get that woman one day.”
“That was before I got roped into doing the Led Zeppelin wig-thing, and woke up two days later with a million Twitter followers.”
She shakes off his grip, but looks amused nonetheless. “What about bi girls? Do we flip a knut?”
subtle.” And then with realization, “Oh God, James was sitting right next to you. Oh my
Sherlock faltered. “Why did you?” He looked so earnest and confused. John wanted to kiss him again. But they needed to talk first.
The door opens. A figure slips in, trips over something, grapples around for a light switch. Recognizing the man even in the darkness, Sherlock’s vocal chords decide to make an awful squeaking sound.
?” Sherlock almost shouts, incredulous. “Do you have any idea how much this is going to mean to
Sherlock is sputtering, not finishing any sentences, “John! What – how – the tour! You can’t – what are you-”
“What?”
Maybe it was wishful thinking on Sherlock’s part, but sometimes John seemed to forget about Mary’s existence altogether.
* * *
- Signs of abuse given in this fic are according to Mayo Clinic.
. Irene said-”
Onstage, John nods along with the song. Phones sway side to side in the audience like lighters. John lets a small, nostalgic smile slip through the mask of pain.
“Nothing!” John tells her, crossing his arms and not meeting her eyes.
“So what’s this about a dare?”
” John asked dubiously. “That’s the best you can come up with?”
“I love you.”
“You’re pining. Try not to do it so obviously.”
I have work
“It’s an
“Irene put it differently. She said I could either be the jerk or the slut.”
After what feels like hours of stretching and fidgeting, the grey-haired man and older lady who had greeted Sherlock at the sign-in station enter the room. The man, Greg, calls, “Alright, everyone! You should’ve all had enough time to stretch, so let’s get started. Form two even lines, facing the mirror. But don’t worry, you’ll all get a chance to dance in front.”
“It’s not,” Sherlock agrees. “But I called the head organizer and asked if you had RSVPed in the positive.”
A responding groan. “I
Sherlock cocks his head curiously. “What are you suggesting?”
“Oh, yeah. I forgot to tell you. Is it…is that okay?” he feels suddenly unsure.
He’s answered with a pair of identical rolling eyes, and John relents with a sigh.
John chases after Sherlock. He knows when something is off with this boy. Sherlock walks faster. “Hang on, you bloody giraffe, what was that about? Is there something you wanted to say?”
“You’re ridiculous,” Sherlock tells him, but there’s as much warmth in his voice as his cheeks. “Come on now, we have an appointment with the suspect’s ex-girlfriend.”
If you have ideas for any John Watson original song titles, leave them in the comments!
The big finale of the show is
“You could have told me yourself and she wouldn’t have had the chance to,” his Mum huffs. “I don’t mind that he’s a Muggle. Although it’s very progressive of you, dear.”
“Well, I’m pretty sure that job offer was a joke, in any case.”
Surprised, John waits for Sherlock to say something else, but Sherlock only sits there with his jaw clenched shut.
Bull’s eye.
John abandons the order he’s working on and straightens up, eyes locked on him keenly. Sherlock looks as clean and neat as usual, but John notices that he’s hunching into his coat a bit, and there are dark circles under his eyes. Eyes which are resolutely stuck on the ground.
“What were you making?” John asks. “It’s the weekend.”
“Not a chance,” breathed Sherlock. “Your sister will die, won’t she, Hope?” Sherlock called, louder now. “But who is it? Who wants you to kill
John’s phone beeps, and he checks the screen, ignoring Bill once again. Sherlock is complaining about the work he’s doing on his thesis. John replies:
Sherlock looks thoughtfully at John. “You’re hiding something,” he announces. “Something significant.”
“I’ve gotta go, Sherlock.” Oh, no
Molly rolls her eyes. “As if I would dare. Go ahead, then.”
, who thought the way your animagus left hair everywhere was
Sherlock feels it when Molly stiffens beside him.
Irene crosses the room to cuff him on the back of the head.
“And you didn’t ask him out either.”
“Combination of a mild Confundus charm and simple inexperience with folded space. If you’re interested, I’m pretty sure Mike has a book on non-Euclidian geometry and wizarding physics that he’ll let you borrow. He was obsessed with the mechanics of wizard space when he came to Hogwarts and got stuck in a vanishing step. He and Irene were both raised without magic, you know.”
“These are for you!” John half-shouts, a flood of adrenaline surging through him as he thrusts a bouquet of belladonna flowers towards Sherlock. “They’re poisonous. I thought you might like that.”
“John, what are you going to do?” Molly asked, fear lacing the edges of her voice.
“No you didn’t just get back from work. I’ve been standing at the door to your flat for an hour and there’s no other entrances. I checked.”
Thanks for reading! Next chapter will be the last one.
It starts with James retreating into himself more and more. John gives him space, keeps him quiet company while the boy grapples with whatever it is that’s bothering him. John prides himself on knowing James better than anybody, and he knows the difference between James processing and James repressing some demon he should be talking through. As much as John burns to know what's going on, he'll give James the time he needs to work through whatever this is.
“What’s new, Johnny?” Harry asks, stirring sugar into her tea with a tap of her wand. “How’s the coffee shop? Is everyone well? How’s…Mrs. Hudson?”
“Why not, baby? You don’t like me? I’m a nice man.”
Molly’s voice is quiet in his ear. “What is it, Sherlock.”
“Well. You know Victor, always trying to prove he’s better than me. Not that he succeeded.” John winks into the camera and the audience cheers. “But in all seriousness, coming out is a hard decision to make, whether or not you’re famous. I think both of us just decided we may as well make it fun, too.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Looking forward to it.” His dad is a good journalist when he wants to be, and a terrible gossip the rest of the time.
it would explain his social withdrawal. I saw he had bruises healing in different stages when he changed into costume. He’s always wearing long sleeved shirts, even when it’s warm. Hope doesn’t seem to even
“Men don’t generally receive flowers.” That’s a no to being invited in apparently. John doesn’t mind, the cool temperature is nothing against the warm pools of light glowing inside him.
. It’s disgusting. And normally I’d just laugh and let you blunder around like the useless Dugbog you are, but he’s equally besotted. And
want to have sex with you,” John chuckles, pleased when Sherlock flashes a tiny grin. John runs a hand through Sherlock’s curls until the man looks back at him again. “But can we take this slow for just a bit longer?”
John can’t breathe. James. Gone. Without him.
“Oh I’m confident,” John says, firing a wicked smile in Sherlock’s direction. It’s a relief, to be able to flirt openly with him. Not have to hide how he feels. Sherlock is his
“Johnny!”
John reaches up on his tiptoes to kiss Sherlock, fiercely, because he worries if he doesn’t share all the light inside him in some tangible way, that he’s going to burst. So he pours that light out through his lips, and fingers, and toes, whispering out
“John.” Thankfully, Sherlock’s voice is steadier than the pounding of his heart.
The electric kettle whistles.
Ear-splitting cries and applause explode, and Sherlock whips away from Irene to stare, utterly bemused, at the audience.
After another soft kiss, just because he can, John leads Sherlock towards the bed so that John is sitting and Sherlock is standing in front of him. He takes a deep breath, because although he rehearsed this in his head a thousand times during the trip here, he’s still nervous.
I’ve written three about him and how bloody gorgeous and impossible he is and how gone I am. Another two about unrequited love. And I’ve started one about his fucking childhood
. John hangs on every word, murmuring exclamations of surprise and amazement as the man speaks. Most of the boasts Sherlock makes about his logical and scientific processes go over John’s head (maybe because he loses the thread of the story more than once as he watches Sherlock’s lips) but he loves the way Sherlock’s face grows flushed and animated with enthusiasm as he recounts the case. John’s heart beats sympathetically with excitement, blood and magic pounding a little faster through his veins just listening. John wishes he had been there with him.
man every night.”
Despite the wisecrack, John digs around in his suitcase for the secret notebook he keeps. Once tossed to Irene, John flops down on the bed and covers his eyes.
) there’s his dancer, in a heap on the floor, the pieces of his phone scattered all around him.
“What’s wrong?” James immediately picks up on the tension in his body, in his voice. They know each other so well.
” Sherlock smirks quietly at the boy’s dramatics, while Molly admonishes the boy gently (“
fault that most of the equipment in this school is a decade older than he is.
John groaned, as did most of the cast onstage. He didn't blame them for getting frustrated. At least he had his phone and a chair, but the actors in this scene were stuck fidgeting in place and attempting to chat quietly between Greg's periodic reminders to "shut it." John looked over to see a much harried Greg furiously taking notes and talking over his headset, while also nodding at something Mrs. Hudson was saying from a seat nearby. Molly was spinning idly in a chair next to him. Catching his gaze, she rolled her own eyes at John, but smiled.
“No one says his name. And I’m not gonna say it either! He said he’d save my sister, if I killed you. I’ve got to follow through on this. I’ve got to! Sorry, Holmes. I’d do anything, to save her.”
“What is it, love?” John murmurs.
John sighs, already planning his retribution as he takes Sherlock’s elbow and steers him into the school. “C’mon then. I keep a spare med kit in my boyfriend’s locker, it’s not far from here.”
John goes with the Sholtos to India for the summer to help James settle in. The base is like a small city, self-contained, the lifestyle altogether more military than civilian. They play football with some of the locals in the surrounding towns. James quickly befriends a boy their age named Pranav, and something tightly coiled eases in John to know that when he leaves, James won’t be alone.
When Irene and Molly refuse to speak to each other directly, John asks Sherlock to figure out what happened from Irene’s point of view, while John asks Molly. They meet to share their findings and work out the best way to trick the girls into talking to each other.
Thank you for all your beautiful comments on the last chapter :)
Sherlock huffs. “I…am partial to daisies. Yellow ones.”
John feels his heart rate increase. They stop in front of the door to John’s flat. His very magical, filled with wizarding posters and potions, flat. “What is it?” he breathes. “I bet it’s not so impossible.”
“ John begins to laugh along, helpless in the face of Sherlock’s joy.
“I know,” John whispers, aching. “And I’m ready to tell you, now. I’m sorry this was causing you so much pain.”
“This is your last afternoon before summer ends, do you know what that means? It’s time for the ALL-CAMP CAPTURE THE FLAG SHOWDOWN!” There are cheers and shouts, and this time it’s more difficult to get everyone’s attentions refocused on him. Sherlock is smiling up at him from the grass, sweet and adoring, and John has to work to tear his gaze away as he explains the rules. “The objective is simple: to take your opponent’s flag and bring it back to your home territory. If you get tagged on your opponent’s turf, you get sent to jail. You can be released from jail by your own teammate’s rescue. There will be no pushing, or tripping, or physical violence.” Captain’s Voice having imparted the seriousness of this last, John concludes, “Greg tells me you lot picked Molly and myself as team captains, so we’ll take turns picking soldiers for each side. D’you mind if I go first, Molls?”
Thank you everyone for reading, especially to those of you who stuck around for the last chapter! Your comments mean the world to me.
Sherlock turns a skeptical eye on him.
His mum pats him fondly. “Now tell me all about your Muggle man. I want to know
“Men’s eyes were made to look, and let them gaze. I will not budge for no man’s pleasure, I!”
by his side.
“And I know I’m not much to look at anymore, I’m practically an old man before my time, and I’m broken in so many ways. I get these awful nightmares, my shoulder’s messed up and with all that going against me and God just look at
Sherlock frowns at John. “I’m the only one in the world, you know.”
“They were not!” John protests.
“Eh, I’m pretty sure she was using me to get to David,” John replies, tilting his head towards one of the mid-year counselors.
Ten minutes out from the beginning of the show and John is starting to feel the delicious rush of pre-show jitters. Boston is very LGBT friendly (according to Irene), and the shouts from fans are audible in the dressing rooms below the TD Garden.
Romeo - Phil Anderson
, I will—”
The deductions are automatic and unstoppable. “I can tell you joined the army straight out of school and served as a doctor. Invalided out within the past year due to a gunshot injury in your shoulder. You’re living in London although you can’t afford it. I can tell you’re single, and that Harry’s worried about you but you won’t go to her for help. Likely because she’s still an alcoholic, but also because she recently walked out on her wife. I know your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic, quite correctly, I’m afraid. That enough to be going on with, John?”
discount.” Her smile is sharper than a Doxy’s and John knows better than to ask for the salacious details.
“Yeah! I did!” This conversation sounded a lot like an argument, but John noticed that its content was not particularly scathing.
The engine rumbles more loudly as it taxis out onto the runway. Sherlock watches out the window as they accelerate and lift off. That peculiarly thrilling moment of leaving the Earth’s gravity swings through his stomach, and they’re on their way.
He was trying, trying,
Sherlock sighs. “I was sixteen and stupid, John. Can’t we forget it?” He turns away and looks for something to distract him in this cramped office.
John lets the silence sit a minute longer before prodding Sherlock to elaborate. “You said ‘once.’ Is there a story with that?”
“You were the one that tipped me off.
“Seb Wilkes? And Anderson?”
“Two grades,” Sherlock sniffs.
“Hang on, none of those were real!”
Could John hear the rapid beating of his heart? Was Sherlock being mocked?
John looked to Sherlock. “Does it really make that big of a difference to you? The necklace?” he asked.
“You’ll have to do better than that to persuade me,
“Mmmm,” is all Sherlock says as he snuggles closer into John, tucking his head beside John’s neck.
John watched, fascinated, as Sherlock slipped out of character. His shoulders rolled back and his chin came up, something in his balance gracefully shifting back to
She doesn’t stop laughing all the way to work, her giggles renewing themselves intermittently every time he clumsily tries to change the topic. The volume and intensity only increases when he loses a hard-fought battle against the turnstiles of the London Underground.
let him know he couldn’t treat me like that, I just,” Molly sighed. “I can’t face him right now. You know?”
life-changing news regarding a certain pop star that I need to know about?”
Irene shakes her head in disbelief and throws some popcorn at him. “Yes he did. You, John Watson, wizarding-barista slash shameless flirt, got Sherlock Holmes’ mobile number. In a day.” Irene hops down from the counter and goes to count the till. “You are a wonder. I wouldn’t believe it if I hadn’t saw it all myself. Now go stack the chairs and sweep up.”
“It's not like you haven't done this before.” Bill’s voice calls. “Where do you usually take first dates?”
Mike takes John upstairs where he transforms and quickly attempts to get the dog hair off of his clothes, failing miserably. He changes instead, then sprints back down the stairs without another word, Mike smug on his heels.
John shifts, uncomfortable. John’s never liked to take money from their Mum. Not when there are bound to be strings attached. Harry must feel his discomfort and take pity on him, because she intervenes.
“You call this a risk?” screeched Hope. John pulled himself to his feet and watched the gun shake as it zeroed in on Sherlock’s voice. “You don’t get it, do you? I
Irene sighs for him this time. “You’re not.”
“He’s not pressuring you into anything, is he?”
John licks his lips. “I’m a wizard.”
John was
“John?”
Sherlock nods seriously down at him. “Working on that song together was part of our early romance.”
John knows he probably looks lost in thought, a soft smile on his lips and eyes distant.
Mycroft sighs heavily over the line. “Mummy is in hysterics. You need to come home and take care of her. Help around the house while Dad gets back on his feet.”
with Sherlock, and with the rest of them. When Molly and Irene continue to chastise Sherlock and John for their male privilege, Victor joins in enthusiastically. At their shocked expressions, he shrugs and says, “Ex-girlfriend wants to be an equal rights lawyer.” And just like that, John has a new friend who will discuss the perils of bisexuality with him as well as someone to talk sport with, now that James is gone. Victor has a morbid sense of humor that keeps Sherlock and Irene entertained, and adorable stories about a young niece for Molly.
“Oh, great.” Irene said. “The eight-hour train to get there is very scenic. Quite romantic. You can use the time to explain that you’re taking him to a
October 1, 1990
Heed the rating change! It's pretty tame compared to some other things on this site, but I'm damn proud of it for a first attempt at a sex scene.
Blurry camera-phone montages of their dates are plastered all over the tabloids (which result in several irate phone calls from Mycroft). Sherlock has a blast once he finds out how many followers he’s accumulated on Instagram. Once, he posts a backstage photo he’d taken of John from behind (well,
Sherlock scoffs. “As if I would use a ten-thousand-pound violin to play
John leans into the mic. “Looks like Sherlock needs some convincing. Show him some love, Minneapolis!”
“Nope.” The tension breaks as they make eye contact and start to giggle.
consecutive hour without sleep, Sherlock pressed his wet face into his big brother’s shoulder and shuddered out tears. Mycroft wrapped his arm around Sherlock and squeezed, his cheek resting on Sherlock’s head. Wrapped in Mycroft’s familiar scent, Sherlock felt safe.
“Fine, yes, I know. We’re a family of helpless gossips. I wanted to talk to you about Sherlock, Hare.”
“C’mon Sarah, Stan, Billie, it’s not that big a deal, yeah?” John tried his new friends to no avail. He turned to Greg. “Greg, mate, you’re not really going to make me do this, are you?” Greg was one of the easiest-going blokes John had met, and as stage manager he held authority. Surely he wouldn’t make John do something so ridiculous. Many heavy palms continued to push him towards the door.
Sherlock returns the grin tentatively for a moment, before breaking eye contact to smile down at the table.
“Don’t you know, John? I’m only teasing because I envy you.” This caught John’s attention. “It took me
John thinks this is how it must be to be a university student like the other blokes his age. It’s a bittersweet thought, and something wistful must pass over his face because Sherlock puts his hands on his hips and asks him, “What is it? You can't look sad on our first date.”
“Of course. And yourself?”
“I’m engaged!”
“Oi! I’d like to see you turn down the combined force of Irene Adler
John pretends to protest, citing the early hour and teasing Sherlock for his apparent insatiability, but he was ready to go the second he reached consciousness and felt Sherlock’s breath tickling at his ear.
“No?” Sherlock sways ever closer across the table, and John does the same.
around Irene Adler is like saying Voldemort during the second wizarding war. No matter where she is, she’ll find you.”
She crosses her arms and huffs. “Yes, fine. It’s not his fault he trusted the vicious harpy, and you’re too fucking noble to hate him. The thing is, though,
Sherlock bites his lower lip and looks quickly between John’s eyes. “Okay,” he finally says again, with a touch of shyness. “Saturday night.”
“That was…”
“Good,” she sniffs. Probably more resentful about Tess than she’s letting on. She can have the number as far as John is concerned. It’s not as if he has a mobile phone (or knows how to use one). The bell above the door jingles, and John steps away from Irene. Time to get back to work.
“Yes indeed. He lives next door, one of Mrs. Hudson’s tenants,” she says, referring to the witch who was proprietor of Speedy’s and the building above it, as well as John and Irene’s former Herbology Master.
This is not the John that Sherlock knows. It’s not even the concert personality that Sherlock has worked with these past couple of months.
Between learning choreography and shooting the video, Sherlock only spends about a week and a half on the actual production of
(Sherlock refuses to call it that, because it is ridiculous.) This place is his second home, and not just because he’s known Mrs. Hudson herself all his life.
Improvising, John reaches behind his back, and pulls out a full bouquet of daisies (white and yellow) and hands them to Sherlock, who smiles shyly down at the offering. John wonders if he can get away with giving Sherlock daisies every day.
John mutters something about ‘Trev-Whores’ and ‘show you who can dance’ under his breath, but Sherlock ignores it. He settles back against his seat with a small smile and shuts his eyes, ready for some sleep during the long flight to Boston.
He can’t wait for their date.
Sherlock merely hums, not convinced, but largely distracted by the nickname so casually bestowed. At least it wasn’t
“Yeah.”
“Worse.”
After another stanza ends, John’s voice on the tape sings,
“Not so bad after all. It’s pretty good, innit?” John has to shout to be heard over the still-cheering crowd.
More cheers. John lines up with a third target, now perhaps 30 meters away, and lets another arrow fly.
John nods at the apt assessment. Now that they’ve arrived, he could let Sherlock go. But he quite likes having the man in his arms. He hasn’t held him properly in days and days. John wonders how, despite that, there’s a sense of ease between them, and comfort.
(See the end of the chapter for
The girl starts to speak very rapidly, tripping over some of her words. “I just, I really wanted to tell you, I just think it’s so cool and brave that you weren’t afraid to tell everyone that you like boys. And Sherlock! You love Sherlock, right? That’s what the big girls in my dance class say.”
Everyone who rooted against them was wrong. James became John’s everything. His first time, his first love. Not his first kiss, but the first kiss he’d ever felt all the way down to his toes. The first boy that made John
Then there’s a dial tone and Sherlock can only look blankly at the phone in his hands.
he had argued with his dad the previous night. He felt entirely worn out.
in sixth form-” Sherlock begins, but John interrupts.
That's when the news comes crashing down on them all.
John groaned, “Brutal. And I’m pretty sure I didn’t make the team anyways,” he said, glum.
Sherlock takes a deep breath. “Okay.”
John rolls his eyes. That was predictable. “You rebound faster than a Quaffle on a shield charm. As long as you don’t expect me to-”
“Greg, listen to me. Jeff has a real gun.”
John woke a short while later, disorientated, with a searing pain shooting through his body and Mary frantically crying his name and shaking his shoulder.
"The dynamic of a bond. What it means to belong to an omega. And in your case, maybe even a soul bond..."
One Friday afternoon, about 10 weeks after the Morans' deaths, John came home from his shift and was greeted by a pervasive stench.
The omega spread his legs and rubbed his feet on John's right calf and instep, moaning softly.
"Harriet!"
The sudden distance and coolness at his back made Sherlock shiver. He rolled onto his back, reaching for the towel at the same time to catch most of the semen leaking out of him.
Deep in thought, John bites on his lower lip when Sherlock staggers into the kitchen. He’s wearing the grey T-shirt and the worn-out pyjama pants; his curls sprout haphazardly in all directions and his face is clearly marked by signs of sleep deprivation. He will need another night's rest or two before he fully recovers. Something that is unlikely to happen given Sherlock's sleeping habits.
"John... a word," Mycroft replied. John paused, turned on his heel, and met Mycroft's gaze head-on. There probably weren't a lot of people who did that, since whenever they met, an expression of delighted consternation appeared on Mycroft's face when John looked him straight in the eye. Even the first time they'd met, John hadn't hesitated to make clear to the other man that he was neither intimidating nor particularly formidable, despite the fact that he was obviously convinced of the authority of his position.
Sherlock sat helplessly on the floor under the window and waited until Anthea had collected herself a bit. She blotted a few tears away with the sleeve of her cardigan before looking in Sherlock's direction. Her eyes were bloodshot and her mascara had smeared a little.
John shook his head and gave Bill a lopsided grin. "No, just the opposite, we haven't even really got started."
Victor responded with a sound that might have meant anything.
..." The tip of John's finger slipped inside Sherlock's body with practically no resistance, trapping it in a damp, hot enclosure. "
"Okay, okay. All right. Not now... Do you want to tell me what happened instead? After you fell, I mean? The rest... can wait."
He was an alpha, dammit. He should exude strength and steadfastness. Instead, he was all sweaty and his knees were knocking. On the other hand, didn't he have reason to be anxious? After all, he was about to meet his potential life partner, his omega. There was so much riding on this rendezvous.
Thoughtful, John studies the various vibration levels of the programme. He thinks about last night, about Sherlock’s
as John had sex with other people. Usually, Sherlock hadn't really been aware of the other parties, only how John felt when he was with them. As a consequence, he'd assumed that they must have been betas.
"Shhh..." Sherlock said, steadying himself on John's thighs as he lowered himself to his knees. As he did so, he pressed John's legs apart, automatically parting the dressing gown all the way up to the belt.
After his shower, John had only stopped by the bedroom to get clean clothes out of the wardrobe. He'd then gone into the living room to get dressed and left the flat without telling Sherlock where he was going or when he intended to return. Just like he'd used to do.
John thought he was dead...
Their eyes met for a fraction of a second, but Anthea barely seemed to register Sherlock's presence.
"You can say that again," John confessed. "She's so... normal? I mean, if you look at Sherlock and Mycroft, you'd never expect … someone like this!" John shook his head, still bemused.
"What in the world – !" Mycroft struggled to rein in his anger and maintain his composure. He took two or three deep breaths and looked up at the ceiling before shaking his head wearily. "I should contact John right now and ensure that he comes to stop you from killing yourself."
His eye fell on the woman at Nigel's side. She had short, light blond hair and dark blue eyes. An impish smirk tugged at the corners of her mouth as her gaze skimmed across the others, as if she couldn't wait to jump into the fray. She had her hands folded behind her back while she bounced impatiently on the balls of her feet.
"It's not like that. He doesn't reject it entirely. Or at least not anymore. But I give him free rein to collaborate with Scotland Yard and work with all of the alphas there. And I try not to let my jealousy get out of hand." He laughed weakly. "Sometimes I even assist him on cases. Like with the Moran affair. And I do my best not to put any pressure on him."
With an uneasy feeling, Sherlock started the video again, staring at the screen, in which his elder brother's reflection was visible.
"Good... Agent Ashworth will pick you up and discuss the rest of the details with you." Mycroft turned to face John. "Can I rely on nothing happening to Sherlock on your watch?"
John hurriedly approached the bed and held his index and middle fingers against Moran's neck. As expected, he felt no pulse. Instead, the head rolled to one side, revealing a massive gash where his neck gaped open. Another slash appeared to have opened his femoral artery.
Mycroft shifted uneasily back and forth in his chair, avoiding John's eye. Was he doing it subconsciously, or was it all for show so that John wouldn't question his good intentions on account of his past errors of judgment?
They eventually broke apart, and Sherlock slid down to sit beside Victor, rubbing his sore neck. Victor looked over at him, out of breath and his heart racing wildly, as he fumbled around with the flies of his trousers. He sighed in relief when his neglected erection was finally freed. Every fibre of his being was on fire with desire, buzzing and begging for deliverance.
I was surprised that Mycroft didn't immediately panic, ring the police and an ambulance, and drag Sherlock back from the verge of death. In fact, he did just the opposite: he observed the scene with a certain degree of detachment that I would never have thought him capable of. It truly did seem to run in the family! And then before I could blink twice, Mycroft did an about face and left the room where his brother lay dying. What a fascinating development!
"The icccceman. But I can hear it cracking, Mycroft. The ice. You're worried. You're worried about your little brother. The baby of the family. You want to protect him from all the pain that's out there in the world, and in doing so you keep pushing him further into ruin." Moriarty's shoulders jerked up and down as he blurted out a crazed titter. "You and me. We're not so dissimilar, Mycroft. I'm worried too. I just want to know whether he really survived that
"John..."
Nonplussed, John also got up from the armchair and followed Sherlock into the other room. He stopped in the doorway and watched Sherlock take plates out of the cupboard. John felt an inexplicable urge to go over and take the knife out of Sherlock’s hand which he was using to cut into the lasagna.
"Right, then – I'll fetch you from your dorm at seven. You should be done by then. And no striped jumpers tonight, got it?" Victor said, a smile playing at the corner of his mouth when he saw Sherlock rolling his eyes.
John liked life around the camp, the adventure, and his mates. Especially once he selected his commanding officer to be his mentor, and the man had taken John under his wing. They spent countless hours in the officer's tent, where Major Sholto told John all about his life, the war, and his Scottish homeland.
These were impossible decisions which Sherlock was being forced to make. For good or evil. For life or death. For just a fraction of a second, Sherlock considered choosing the gun. Mrs Hudson had lived her life; how many years did she have left anyway? But when he saw the fear on the old woman's face, he couldn't decide against the woman that he might even love more than his own mother.
John checked his phone a couple of times. He'd set it to silent after all, and he wanted to see whether Victor had taken pity on him yet. But that was not the case. John sighed in resignation and headed for Baker Street.
Could it be? Was it possible that he was experiencing not only what his own senses were telling him, but John's as well? Just as he had during the years they'd been apart? Except that those feelings back then hadn't been directed at him, but at....
"Insecure!" John scoffed with a chuckle. "Sherlock may be a lot of things, but insecurity is definitely not an attribute I'd ascribe to him."
And yet he wanted more.
Mycroft lowered his eyes and pursed his mouth, but didn't respond.
Cilia bent over toward him, laid one arm across his shoulders, and rested her head against his. "It's all right, John. You didn't hurt me. You didn't do anything wrong. It's okay," she said softly.
The pulse in his throat beat in time with the music. Heat at his back. Hands on his waist.
"I'll fetch us some drinks," he said curtly and left the group.
"Are you going to your parents' for Christmas?" Tom asked, as if he'd read Victor's thoughts.
"He's here with me, naturally." Moriarty tapped the screen of his phone to switch from the front-facing camera to the rear one. The image rotated on its own axis before promptly coming back into focus.
Amalia sat shaking on the steps in front of the house when John and Sherlock leapt out of the taxi. She was rocking back and forth, rubbing her bare arms. She seemed detached, her only interaction with the men on their arrival being to point one finger at the open front door.
"This man may be part of your dearly beloved Work, but he made nothing but trouble for you in the months preceding your staged death, didn't he? How did it feel when he won John over and took him to bed? Did jealousy eat its way through your gut? Did you imagine what it would feel like to make him suffer for it? Well... today's your chance! Choose the gun and I'll let John go..."
John shrugged and pointed at the pile of papers beside him. "I thought I'd use the day off to work through some of this. I also wanted to do some research online. I hope that's okay?"
to do that.
Victor inhaled with a hiss then let the air out amidst minuscule shivers zapping through his groin. He hadn't expected Ryan to display such enthusiasm. It somewhat dimmed his previous desire to throw the other man off, humiliate him a little.
"I just can't stand you getting hurt. And especially when it happens by my hand – how can I be better than those alpha pigs?"
"I'm fairly certain he's heard us. You could hear a squirrel sneeze out here. There's a secret knock to use as a signal so he knows when MI5 agents enter the building. We haven't been able to reach him to let him know there's a mole amongst us, so..." Mary shrugged indifferently, checked that her weapon was secured, and stepped out of the car.
Bare feet on the hardwood floor. Sherlock looked in Victor's direction but not directly at him. He must have been focusing on a spot beside Victor's head in order to convey a confident air. The facade broke down when the corner of Victor's mouth twitched sardonically, and Sherlock blushed. He was embarrassed to be naked while Victor was still wearing all of his clothes. But he'd set the conditions himself.
Sherlock tried hard to remember the events that had brought him to this place. Random scraps of images flashed through his mind: Southwark Bridge, James Moriarty, that manic grin, hands on his neck, the railing at his back. The fall. John. Pain.
From his spot on the sofa, John observed Victor as he let his eyes wander over the overflowing bookshelves, taking in all of the little things Sherlock had left behind. All the books and bits and bobs that had collected in the course of his lifetime.
"I came as quickly as I could when they told me you'd woken up," Mycroft said, his expression sober, as he poured more water.
Together they took the luggage out of the boot, and then John reached for Sherlock's suitcase along with his bag. Harry's jab that he didn't even carry his omega's things had struck a surprising nerve. Did he act too little like an alpha? Was that one of the reasons that Sherlock hadn't had another heat? Had Sherlock's independence and autonomy made John
There was one thing that John wanted to know, though; not that it was important or would have changed anything about the situation... but just in case they never saw each other again, this might be his last chance to ask. John looked up only to find Victor had been watching him carefully. Did Victor also have a talent for reading people? Could he tell that John hadn't eaten for the past two days based on the wrinkles in his shirt? John moistened his lips and cleared his throat. No, that was ridiculous. There weren't many people who had such a pronounced gift for observation as the Holmes brothers. Knowledge of human nature, yes; but John couldn't guess how good Victor was in that area. It wasn't really important in the end.
"A hotel then..." Sherlock said, shifting his weight restlessly from one foot to the other as he watched the lights leaping from one floor to the next on the display.
No, the deceased deserved all due respect. After all, he'd been an important man. Sherlock Holmes. His flatmate. His best friend. His... John swallowed hard. His lover.
"You'd let me go to the Yard to take up the case again? You know Lestrade would be there the whole time. In the same room with me." Sherlock set the folder down on the desk and examined John's face, alert for signals. He smelled John's scent destabilise as something struggled to reach the surface, only to be ruthlessly shut down a moment later.
"Slower than expected," Sherlock replied, his gaze still fixed on Victor. "I get distracted a lot." He looked to the side after a while and took a sip of his beer.
He stroked over the curve of Sherlock's back, tracing the prominent vertebrae and feeling the play of muscles under his skin. The weight and heat of Sherlock's body was comforting. Just right. When Sherlock leaned in for a kiss, John met him with open lips. Tongue touched tongue, moist and demanding.
John fancied his desire to become a doctor had manifested during that visit, when he'd crouched on Harry's bed, held her hand, and asked whether he could be a doctor too some day.
Sherlock thought about it for a moment, then shrugged. "It's difficult to describe. Sometimes we can feel or sense what the other one is feeling, either physically or emotionally. Even across great distances. It's... I don't know... as if I weren't alone anymore. John is always there, even when he's not physically present. He's a part of me, in the most literal sense. And I don't ever want to be without that again." Sherlock's gaze became unfocused as he thought of John. At any other time, he would have kicked himself for making such a pathetic statement. But he needed to make Mike understand how much John and the soul bond meant to him in order to explain the reason for this appointment.
"What...?"
He only hoped it wasn't too late.
John took one final deep breath, then opened the bedroom door without further ado. The sight laid out before him made John's knees turn to jelly. He grabbed onto the wooden door jamb to steady himself, and groaned out loud.
"Yeah, of course. It's just... I'd like to ask you something; or rather, make you an offer. But I don't know if I'm ready to hear your answer."
"Yep."
Sherlock perked his ears, but lifted his shoulders at the same time, tensing up even more in anticipation of what John was about to say.
"You want me to act like an alpha?" John rumbled, mere centimetres away from Sherlock's face.
"What?" Sherlock said.
John watched as the omega caught her alpha's lips and moaned louder when Bill masturbated her harder.
Sherlock slipped out of his chair to join John on the floor, gently undoing John's vice-like grip on his fingers. He dragged his thumb across John's wet cheek, wiping away the tears. His own eyes glittered suspiciously.
"You can't honestly expect me to take up with you again because your wife's left you again. Because Sherlock's not here anymore. For God's sake, you can't just turn back the clock! What did you think?! That we'd pick up where we left off? No, damn it! The man I love is dead!"
Since Victor lived with Abigail now, he'd decided to set to rights some of the things that had been studiously neglected by the other residents. First of all, he changed out all of the burnt-out light bulbs and stocked up on provisions, which he put away in the kitchen. Then he arranged for the removal and disposal of the old, worn-out sofa so that no one else got it into their head to give it another chance.
Panting now, John pressed one hand against his crotch, feeling his cock rapidly inflate. He tried desperately to get himself under control, taking deep breaths and letting them out slowly. But that only ended up forcing that heavenly scent even deeper into his body.
John gasped when he bumped hard into a wall and the last of the air was knocked out of his lungs. He greedily sucked in the other man's breath, bit down hard on his lips, dug into his shoulders and dark curls.
Victor scooted back a bit on the seat in order to give Sherlock's lanky form more space, drawing him closer at the same time and seeking out his lips.
The tip of his tongue gently probing across Sherlock's jugular, over the frantic pulse, absorbing the trace of salt that had materialised there. Triggering goose flesh that spread down Sherlock's neck and back.
John opened it and inspected the contents. In addition to plasters and bandages, it held compresses and disinfectant wipes in single-use packs. John took one of them out, tore it open, and held it out.
"Why here? What are you doing?! God... Victor, I..." John was torn. He could well imagine why Victor wanted to come here of all places, and why John needed to be here. But as for himself, he wasn't nearly as certain whether he was ready to face this challenge.
"How... how long..."
John was pleasantly surprised that Sherlock had agreed to his suggestion that they share a shower. He would have preferred a hot bath together, but he didn't want to push his luck with a request like that. Besides, it was late already, and they were both completely knackered.
"And now your parents are financing Harry's war with herself and making everything worse in doing so!"
"Agreed," John said. "I read that it can be helpful for alpha and omega to stay together. I'm glad we aren't apart this time."
Sherlock broke apart from John with a gasp of surprise, staring into the darkness of the room.
A tired-sounding response came from inside the room: "Go away, John."
The slender omega penises were all erect, and the nipples on both males and females had contracted to firm buds. John thought he could make out something wet running down their bare legs.
"Mycroft," John greeted him as he made to walk past him.
"He's using a scent blocker, John. He can't smell it!"
Victor stood up unhurriedly and strolled over to the desk at the front of the room. His eyes wandered over the lecturer, his friendly face, his attractive figure in its perfectly tailored grey suit... if things had been different, he would have done this a long time ago. But the way things stood... he swiftly swept the thought aside, focussing instead on his plan.
"Sometimes," Ella answered nonchalantly.
"I still have them all. Or at least all of the ones I was given… They were opened by Anthea or possibly even Mycroft; I never did find out which. But I've read them all. Several times. I was sad when they stopped coming, but I figured you'd finally given up on me," Sherlock explained.
John carefully extricated himself, inhaled deeply one last time and, without even thinking about it, dropped a feather-light goodbye kiss on Sherlock's shoulder.
"Hmhm, you're right. Are you sure we're at the right – " John broke off when the glass patio door opened and two women and a man stepped outside. They carried a tray of dishes over to an elegant seating arrangement and began to distribute plates, glasses, and silverware.
John took a deep breath to collect himself before continuing. "You have full control over your money, and you're no longer dependent on anyone. If severing our bond is the last thing you need to be completely autonomous, then I won't stand in your way. All I can give you is my unconditional love and your freedom. That was the whole reason we bonded in the first place."
That done, he makes tea and prepares scrambled eggs with bacon, toasts a few slices of white bread and arranges everything on two plates. Actually, this is more of a cherished Sunday morning ritual, but today it feels like a helpless attempt to make amends. Moments later, Sherlock's door opens and his rather tousled looking flatmate, lured by the smell, shuffles into the kitchen.
Instead, John sat in the tiny office, let the registrar's speech breeze right past him without really paying attention, and forced himself to keep his eyes directed forward rather than at Sherlock. It was no real surprise that the omega didn't want to take John's name. It still stung a little.
Sherlock chewed on his bottom lip, searching for words. "Not important," he said, but when he saw Victor's challenging look, he sighed in resignation. "I'd like to sit the exams for organic chemistry along with inorganic; physical and theoretical chemistry too."
"Hm," was John's only response. He tried to recall what might have set off the attack but felt resistance stirring inside him as he rummaged through his spotty memories, his mind trying to turn off the path in order not to be confronted again with those events which had already been locked away. But John remained stubborn, calling himself out, reminding himself that he wasn't alone. That Sherlock was sitting right beside him; that nothing could happen to him.
John shook his head indulgently, although he was secretly pleased that Sherlock didn't seem to be able to remember the alpha's name. Or didn't want to. It might simply be a passive-aggressive act which was perfectly in character for Sherlock. He certainly wasn't doing it subconsciously to make John happy. And yet it gave John a small sense of victory, even though he knew how inane such behaviour was.
"I... get that. And you should have everything you need to make you happy. But allow me to make mistakes once in a while. Talk to me if you feel I've treated you unfairly – this is all new to me too."
"I don't know him. But I'm not surprised that John attacked him. The similarity to Moriarty is striking. Is there any connection?" No one would have noticed the faint quiver in Sherlock's voice. No one but Mycroft.
"If he raped you?"
"Are you certain you want to do this? With me?"
"Meredith? Oh, good day, gentlemen." An older man came out of the room to the left of the fireplace, blinking with some surprise at them. He was wearing a checked shirt and a dark blue cardigan. A pair of thin-rimmed glasses hung around his neck. "My wife didn't tell me we were expecting guests..." His voice was relaxed and inviting, as if he were pleased at the unexpected turn the day had taken.
"What? Why not?"
He inhaled deeply, letting the wildflower honey, summer rain and nightshade wash over him until he noticed something peculiar, something that didn't belong there. It still smelled like Sherlock, but it was artificially magnifying his scent and had a bitter aftertaste.
To Sherlock's dismay, Mycroft got behind the wheel of the car himself rather than leaving that task to Sherlock. Mycroft had refused, saying that Sherlock's emotional state carried too high a risk of an accident, which would have endangered their mission unnecessarily. And since they still couldn't be sure which of Mycroft's colleagues were playing dirty, they dispensed with the usual chauffeur.
"I've always found great pleasure in playing with you, Sherlock! There are so many people who don't understand how we tick. Moralisers, killjoys, do-gooders... they drag themselves through their small lives, day in day out, always the same. Routine!" Moriarty complained with a bored air. "But if you tickle them a little, give them a poke, if you take away the shiny little things they've taken so much trouble to collect to make their meaningless existence a bit more bearable... then they dance! And oh, how I love to watch them!"
"I think I'll pass and stick to water tonight. Or is there still some beer?" John opened the refrigerator and was pleased to find one last bottle of ale on the rack inside the door.
As soon as they were on the street, John glanced up at Sherlock. "What did he give you?" he asked. Sherlock couldn't help but notice the worry and jealousy in his voice. He took out the note and flipped it over to hold it between his index and middle fingers so that John could read what was written on it.
Sherlock reached over and placed one hand over John's and held it tight. "I love you, John, and after everything we've been through, I can't imagine anything about that would ever change. But..." Tears pricked beneath his lids and heat spread under his collar and scarf. "There's no guarantee that will always be the case... is there?"
After they'd finished their tea and eaten a few more cookies, Mrs Hudson went back down to her flat. Sherlock went to the cellar, put the laundry into the tumbler, and checked the time on his phone. John wouldn't be home for a few hours yet. He sighed and went back up to their flat, where he sat down in front of his laptop, but the sense of jittery agitation throughout his body still wasn't going away.
From somewhere at the edge of his consciousness, Sherlock registered sounds coming from somewhere. The dull roar around him took on the form of a weird melody. Words whose meaning his mind was completely unable to parse.
"But?" Sherlock asked, giving John a dubious look.
"I... well.. yes! Don't you think?"
"Huh. That's... uncommon," Lestrade said, perusing the contents of the folder on the table.
"I don't know. I assume after Anastasia."
"F-fuck..."
No. It wasn't right.
For the rest of the day, John's focus was subsumed by thoughts of that meeting, along with the concerns which his friend Mike had expressed. Maybe Mike was right. Maybe he really should go see Ella once more. She was well acquainted with his history, and might be able to draw some analogies where others would need to dig around for a while first. Maybe he just needed a little more time to find himself again. Pathetic.
"What the hell are you doing here?! You shouldn't be here!" Sherlock's voice was laced with fear and anger. It looked like he was completely overwhelmed by John's sudden presence in his hideout.
John's head felt as if it had been swept clean. Sherlock not only filled his entire field of vision, but every cell in his body too. Every hard thrust shook John in a way that made him feel completely owned, making him moan hoarsely and pant for air. The slap of skin on skin filled the room. John twisted and turned with the urge to touch himself and bring himself to climax, but Sherlock held him in an iron grip.
"When… my next heat begins…"
Inquisitive. John wasn't sure whether he liked that or not. After all, he wasn't about to spread the entire story of his life out in front of this stranger.
"I had a lot to do." His response was curt, precise, accurate. No trace of nervousness remained in his voice.
"You don't know what you're talking about, Sherlock." Months later, Sherlock would recall the icy chill in his brother's voice at that moment. "I am not having an affair with another alpha. How can you even dare suggest such a thing?"
John didn't intend to see Ella regularly, since he didn't think there was any point to the therapy, but he didn't have any other choice. The weekly sessions after Afghanistan hadn't done any good either. What had happened couldn't be undone. All he could do was live with the emotions, come to terms, and move on. Ella had recognised his reluctance this time and urged him to spend more time with his friends and co-workers, get out more with people who could relieve him of some of his burden through their company.
John was shaking. Adrenaline was coursing through his veins, and the flight instinct was itching in his muscles. He writhed inside his tiny prison, but the straps around his shoulders and torso were pulled so tight that he could barely move.
Sherlock approached the bed obediently and let himself be pulled down onto the mattress on Victor's side. His body was a welcome weight pressing against Victor's chest. Terry-cloth under his fingers, damp where it had absorbed the water clinging to Sherlock's body. The scent of hotel soap combined with Sherlock's own personal smell. Victor wrapped his arm around Sherlock's waist and rubbed his back casually. Their eyes met. Quicksilver-blue. Fingers in wet hair, tracing the path of the drops down the back of Sherlock's neck.
"Oh, sorry. I just grabbed something to cover up while you were in the shower so I could make breakfast. Here." He slid the blue garment off his shoulders and held it out to Sherlock with an inviting smile. "It's really comfy."
John glanced up, flashed a forced smile in return, and looked away again. He drank a sip of his beer and tried to find an unobtrusive point in the room to fix his eyes on. The last thing he wanted to do was to give this bloke (or anyone else) any false hopes.
Within the space of two heartbeats, Sherlock felt the head of John's cock against his hole, and hissed in a sharp breath when it pierced him. He moaned from somewhere deep in his throat when John pressed even further inside him, not stopping until his crotch touched Sherlock's bottom. The material of Sherlock's dressing gown was damp and clung to the curve of his buttocks, but neither of them could have cared less.
Lorraine nodded, still smiling, and flipped the pancake in the pan. "If you'd like... Hold on, this one is just about ready."
As always many thanks to
"That was the case for me and my sister, yes. But Richard..."
"What the hell are you talking about now?" John asked, now utterly flummoxed.
He couldn't comprehend how Sherlock could simply return to his old routine after the heat they'd shared. Why he didn't need to be close to John, while the alpha was pining after his omega. John felt as if he were on one end of a rubber band that was stretched to the breaking point because Sherlock was pulling as hard on it as he could. Whenever he took one step toward Sherlock, the omega took two steps back.
John got to his feet as well, and handed Sherlock another smaller towel so he could dry his hair.
"Thanks for everything. Feel free to give us a ring whenever."
John stood straighter and crossed his arms over his chest. An unfriendly smile distorted the corners of his mouth. "You might say that, yes. It was lying on the floor in the entryway this morning. Someone had obviously dropped it through the letter slot," John explained as he watched Mycroft take the letter out and read it, stony-faced.
Many, many, maaaaaany thanks to our wonderful translator SwissMiss without whom this story wouldn’t exist in English – certainly not in this quality! Bella and I are so very grateful for all the work you’ve put into this and are really happy to have made a friend! All the best, many hugs and kisses to you!
Sherlock felt heat rise to his cheeks.
Did he also sense that Sherlock was approaching a heat? Did he suspect what that meant for Sherlock?
"Bloody hell!" John hastily pulled away from Sherlock, grasped his upper arms, and forced him to turn around so that he could look his omega in the eye. "Why? Why would you do something like that to yourself?"
John had been given a leave of absence from his position as a general medical practitioner at St. Bartholomew's Hospital, but even so, his co-workers – including Mike Stamford and Molly Hooper – were stopped not infrequently by pushy reporters scrounging around for sound bytes about the missing detective, presumed dead. Everyone's nerves were on edge.
"I quote: 'You're mine, Sherlock, you belong to me. I'll rip your heart out of your chest and replace it with mine. We belong together, Sherlock. So many years... so many years... you're going to burn, and you're going to love it'," Mycroft read off in a calm voice from a piece of paper which he returned to his breast pocket when he was finished. He looked down at Sherlock where he was sitting, apparently waiting for a reaction, but Sherlock simply had no idea how to respond to those words.
Sherlock found it fascinating to see that Harry was far from the only one with the same problem. There didn't seem to be any blanket solution; telling a woman like Harriet Watson that she should simply get over her childhood crush seemed to make as little sense to Sherlock as it would to tell an omega that they should simply get over the fact that they were a second-class citizen. Even if he would never admit that out loud.
One nerve-wrackingly slow trip across London's busy city centre later, the two brothers found themselves in front of the Diogenes Club. Even before the car had come to a complete halt, Sherlock flung open the car's passenger-side door and lunged toward the black-lacquered entrance to the building.
"Don't try to deduce her. It's wasted effort. Mummy's behaviour is based solely on sentiment, and as such is terribly unpredictable," Mycroft lamented, grasping his creased forehead as if the mere fact made his life unbearably complicated. He straightened again momentarily and smoothed out his expression as soon as he became aware of his slip-up. A smile crept onto John's lips after all.
"Why didn't you come to the funeral?" John asked; the question had been plaguing him for weeks. He couldn't fathom how someone who had been so close to Sherlock wouldn't have wanted to attend.
Sherlock watched the scene unfold until the door closed with a soft click. Then he finally looked up and met his brother's eye. His anger and concern was clearly legible in the creases on his forehead and between his brows. His scent had also been affected, with something bitter and acrid penetrating the familiar aromas of tobacco and tweed.
After leaving Bob and Adelaine to settle in a hotel, the mood had only become more strained every day. It was absolutely not a problem with the hotel, since it was clean, well equipped (huge pool, excellent spa, friendly staff) and the view from the fifth floor was breathtaking. However, their shared holiday in New Zealand, those fourteen days without a single chance to avoid each other, hadn’t been good for them.
Plus, he was still hungry. One glance inside his wallet informed him that he could afford another tea and a sandwich, but a night in a hotel was out of the question.
"What has he done to you?" Sherlock asked breathlessly.
Victor shrugged and fished a pack of cigarettes out of his trouser pocket, took one out, and lit it.
"And what?"
The ominous cocktail Moriarty had concocted was now flowing through John's body, setting off unknown chemical reactions in his cells and nerves. Had Sherlock signed the death sentence for the man he loved?
The essential oils he'd added to the bath had worked wonders, as had the muscle relaxant which he had washed down with a litre of water. Now he stood in the kitchen, using the biggest pan he could find to fry up a nice big English breakfast consisting of rashers, eggs, and beans. He didn't care that it was late afternoon. He shovelled his food onto a plate, feeling quite satisfied with himself, while he listened with half an ear to Sherlock ordering the furniture movers around.
. At least give me a moment to enjoy the delightful sight of you again, all right? It was horribly unfair of Mycroft to keep us apart for so long, don't you think? Did you miss me?"
"Sherl—" he started before falling silent again.
"Do you mind?!" Victor growled, but it seemed to be completely impossible to get the bloke's attention. Fine. Obviously someone knew how to make himself unpopular. Grinding his teeth, Victor observed him from the side, determined to memorise his face and get his own back at the next opportunity.
"Sherrinford killed Redbeard."
Sherlock watched the ritual from his seat in the second row with mild interest, at best. Henry's piercing shrieks increased in strength and volume when no one immediately wiped the water out of his eyes, easily overpowering the vicar's voice. As soon as he had finished reciting the blessing and taken John's oath to fulfil his duties as the godfather, Cilia held the wailing boy close to her chest and calmed him by whispering soothing words in his ear.
"Have you changed your mind?" Sherlock appeared disappointed. His fingers twisted nervously around each other in his lap.
"Er… okay… you think he's having an affair?" John asked.
, and not as possessions that alphas trade back and forth! I can't stand the thought of someone… that that Lord expressed an interest in you, purely because he sees you as an object that can satisfy some fleeting desire."
John cleared his throat. "That's not what I meant."
"He admitted that Tiger had told him to serve as bait to catch me."
As if struck by lightning, John retreated to the foot of the bed and began to cough and retch. He rolled onto his side and held his quivering stomach – hoping he wouldn't actually throw up. Or worse – have a heart attack, because it felt like red-hot spears were piercing his chest.
John huffed with amusement. "The heat is over. Why should I provide you with food now? Maybe there's some of the ready-made meals left in the fridge."
Mycroft, wearing a three-piece suit and armed with an umbrella as usual, entered the flat, taking up more space than he deserved. Even without looking at his face, Sherlock could tell that he was wrinkling his nose as if he were viewing a pigsty.
The next page was empty. There were photo corners stuck to the paper, though, so there must have been a picture there once. Confused, John turned the page back and looked down at the floor to make sure the photo hadn't accidentally fallen out. Finally, he addressed Mr Holmes:
Behind him, he heard Victor blurt out a guttural sound before knocking John's legs further apart with his knees and pounding into him hard. Victor's fingers dug mercilessly into John's skin, leaving red marks in their wake.
Things had remained pretty much the same in the living room, for the most part. John didn't have the heart to sort through the mish-mosh of odds and ends and separate out Sherlock's things from his. Removing Sherlock's books and curiosities would have meant leaving the flat bare. John also didn't want to ask Mycroft whether he wanted to keep any of what was left: he couldn't imagine Mycroft had any actual need for his little brother's things. And John wanted to avoid anything being tossed away unloved.
James Moriarty. The man who had shot Sherlock Holmes and thrown him off Southwark Bridge. He'd re-entered John's life in order to finish his task.
"You're… so much more than I ever… allowed myself to hope for," Sherlock managed to get out as he angrily dashed away the first salty streaks from his face. "And I was so… frustrated… because I sent you away, and – "
"Whatever," Victor growled and emptied his plastic cup, crumpled it up, and tossed it carelessly onto the closest table. The cup bounced unchecked off the wall of bottles lined up there and fell to the floor. Victor turned away and strode across the room, mixing with the crowd and letting the music take effect on him. The bass in his muscles, an expectant tingling in his limbs. When he started to dance, the room was his. He let himself be buoyed up by the music, playing and flirting with it.
"Good evening, may I help you?" the old man from the office asked, now leaning in the doorway with his arms crossed. He spoke in a tone of familiarity, as if he and John had known each other for a while already.
John pushed the brass doorbell with his head held high, ignoring both Sherlock and the camera above the entrance. A buzzer sounded, and the wrought-iron gate swung to one side.
She chatters happily about her sister’s grandchildren who had been visiting and how big they’d become in recent months. Lifting a corner of the foil, half a sheet cake, neatly cut into even squares, emerges. "I was hoping that you could relieve me of the rest. I can’t eat it all by myself and it would be such a waste if it went stale," she says lovingly and offers John a piece. He nods and grabs plates and cups from the cupboard, pours tea and sits down next to the elderly lady.
Warm hands described small circles on John's skin, calming him bit by bit. He let himself be lulled by it, eventually relaxing and giving his body the time it needed to adjust. Only when John's respiration had normalised did Victor push further inside him, slow but relentless, until his hips were touching John's backside. John whimpered softly, utterly overwhelmed by the sensation of being stretched and the intense stimulation of a multitude of nerve endings.
and activates it. He limits it to a gentle vibration at the top of the toy as he fears that it would be possible to hear the motor in the shaft from the outside. He wants to avoid drawing other people’s attention to
John grinned broadly when Bill appeared moments later with Henry balanced on her hip. The first thing Sherlock noticed was the nearly two-year-old boy's fair hair and blue eyes. He was mouthing at his fist, and when he swung it through the air, strings of spittle flew off it. He protested loudly when Bill caught his little arm and tried to restrain it. As soon as she'd set the youngster gently down on the floor, he ran to Cilia and flung his arms around her knees. From there, he peered curiously up at John and Sherlock.
Sherlock bit his bottom lip and dug his fingernails into the palms of his hands, hidden inside the pockets of his great coat.
"John?" A delicate hand settled on his upper arm. "What is it?"
"Mycroft will be happy to see his brother securely in an alpha's hands after all this time," Greg said, breaking into John's thoughts.
." John's voice cracked as he returned his gaze to Sherlock.
Sherlock was painfully well acquainted with just such a case. His mother had fallen victim to Broken Bond Syndrome shortly after his father's death, and eventually died of it. Her body simply hadn't been able to take the violent breaking of the bond.
Sherlock winced at the loud proclamation. His eyes darted to John to gauge his reaction to the almost-word which could mean so much more than he was comfortable with. But how high was the probability that a toddler who had never seen his biological father could recognise him by smell? Sherlock wasn't aware of any studies along those lines.
Sherlock grasped John's hand and pressed a kiss onto his palm. "All right... Maybe we'll come up with something then."
The omega graced him with a mild smile as he lazily stroked his softening cock.
"The new batch isn't ready yet, Shez. I've only got two doses here," Wiggins said, licking his dry lips with his eyes latched onto Sherlock's mouth.
No. They needed space and distance so that his body didn't think it needed to offer itself up to his alpha like a hunk of meat. Or a
We hope you've enjoyed reading our story as much as we did writing it; that it warmed you in all the right spots and that you clutched your pearls along with us whenever the need arose.
"Promise," Sherlock whispered against his mouth.
Sherlock frowned and was on the verge of protesting, but held his tongue. Upon consideration, the board was right: Sebastian was a murderer, even if he'd done it to help others. Of course a hospital couldn't boast a name with those connotations. "What name did they choose instead?" he asked.
"More than you think..."
"No," Sherlock added out loud. "I'm not getting anywhere at the moment. I've decided to look up the rest of the surviving omegas tomorrow. I need more information."
Mycroft looked anything but pleased when he returned to Sherlock's room. His countenance was sombre – if not downright stony – likely in the expectation that he would have to face the young alpha again. The fact that he didn't find him there, however, only seemed to increase his displeasure.
"Oh... that's... I'm sorry." John pulled his lower lip in between his teeth pensively and chewed on it. He secretly wondered whether Mr and Mrs Holmes knew of the actual circumstances of their son's death, or whether the information had been withheld from them. He wasn't sure what the code of conduct of the British Secret Service proscribed in cases like that.
He resisted the impulse to grab hold of Sherlock and prevent him from going anywhere. Instead, he squeezed his hand into a fist and followed Sherlock into the bedroom, where he leaned against the doorframe and watched the omega go to the window and gaze out. John could clearly read the despair, shame, and regret, but also the defiant attitude in both Sherlock's body language and the composition of his scent. John couldn't stand to see his omega so upset. And so he swept his own feelings aside and cautiously approached Sherlock, worried he might scare him away like a wounded animal that felt threatened.
"This is a highly unusual situation. We're... doing things together that we wouldn't... normally do. And the... kissing... is part of it. Just do what your body wants; what your instincts tell you. And afterwards..." John carefully nudged Sherlock's arms up so that he could see his face. "… afterwards, we won't talk about it anymore."
Sherlock complied with a silent nod, placing one leg between John's knees and supporting himself with his elbows on either side of John's head. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist, stretched his neck, and kissed his way across Sherlock's collarbone and up his neck until he arrived at his plump lips. Fascinated, he observed Sherlock's blissful expression, the softened lines and the arc of his dark eyelashes.
The broad grin that suddenly appeared on Sherlock's face changed his entire demeanour and made his eyes glint mischievously.
"Obviously," Victor replied coolly. "We're not leaving him here."
Yes, the fates were finally smiling on John Watson again. Even if they had graced him with an ignorant, arrogant, condescending and mulish omega. An omega he practically never saw because he'd barricaded himself in his room or buried his vain nose in dubious experiments. An omega who completely ignored the changes in John's appearance, his new job, and in fact John as part of the picture at all.
"Did he touch you?" John asked between dropping assertive kisses onto his skin, his hands wandering down Sherlock's back, caressing his arse and grasping the firm flesh there to press their bodies closer together.
John got a call from Mary a few days later. When he asked where she'd got his number from, she giggled and confessed she'd snooped in the club's files.
"It's such a nice day, this weather should be enjoyed, don't you think?" John said. They'd skirted the shore of the Boating Lake for a short distance before stopping to look out across the water and watch the swans and geese floating on its surface.
The corners of Sherlock's mouth took on a stubborn edge, and he looked as if he were about to blurt out a snotty response. But a sidelong glance at the reference book and then at John's insecure smile caused his posture to relax, and he nodded in agreement.
"Don't get used to it," Sherlock said with a smirk as he pushed his empty plate aside.
he scolded himself.
Sherlock didn't react, but Victor could see the frantic flickering of his eyes in the semi-darkness as they darted back and forth between the two men.
the phantom in the back of his mind. And he was firmly resolved to finally honour the agreement he'd made with John over four years ago.
"I'm sorry, I didn't realise that – "
Murray. That's his full name. So you see, you can't say no!"
It was true. The boiler had used up all of the hot water, leaving only lukewarm water to come out of the showerhead, and even that was cooling rapidly. John quickly untangled himself from Sherlock, lathered himself up as fast as he could, and rinsed off. Then he got out of the tub and reached for a towel to dry himself off peremptorily. He then took another towel off the rack, which he held up for Sherlock, who was squeezing the last few drops of water out of his hair and turning off the shower. When Sherlock put out a hand to take the towel, John shook his head.
"Well now, that all depends on what you choose, Sherlock! The gun or another dose for John? Decide quickly or you'll lose them all!"
"Fine," Sherlock replied, although he wasn't very hopeful. He shook Mike's hand good-bye, and left the examination room.
Sherlock pinched his brows together as he tried to come up with an answer, attempting to focus on a spot in the distance. A fixed point. Something that would stop him from looking at John and having to be confronted by the disappointment and helplessness in his eyes.
"More," Sherlock breathes against John's mouth while he moves his hips to take in more of John's finger. "I want to feel you inside of me..."
"Any news?" Sherlock asked. He'd also tossed on a dressing gown and, remarkably, was not displaying any displeasure towards his brother.
Had Sherlock's little experiment destroyed everything?
Not even the expression of shock that came over her boring face when she interrupted our intimate scene was able to provide me any satisfaction. I could virtually read her panicked attempt to make sense of the situation. The belt, the drugs, the apathetic look – all apparently not unfamiliar to her.
Following the practise session, Shari approached John. The rest of the class members cleaned up and went into the changing rooms.
John nodded, resigning himself to his fate. They had indeed discussed it, more than once. The first time in the lab at Bart's, followed by several phone conversations. Sherlock had always made an earnest attempt to convince John of the wisdom of their plan. John had given serious consideration to the pros and cons, and finally decided in favour of the bond. But now that he was here in this posh city flat, all of those uncertainties once again rose to the surface. What was Sherlock doing with him, plain old penniless John Watson? He had nothing to offer this omega.
"He landed in rehab for a short time, but he ran away during the first few weeks and flew to America. Expecting that he would seek out Mr Trevor, I contacted him, but Sherlock never arrived at his address. Instead, he went to Florida, where he met Mrs Hudson. You know that story. Sherlock made sure her husband was sentenced to death after having cheated on and abused her in a most heinous manner for years. I strongly suspect that these three letters related to Sherlock's escape," Mycroft elucidated, letting his hand hover over the next three documents on the table.
He fancied he heard John swearing; felt him thrust deep inside him one final time and spurted, his whole body shaking. John's forehead rested on his chest as he tried to transport enough air into his lungs and not burden Sherlock with his entire body weight at the same time.
"Do you see any connection to Moriarty?"
He didn't come back out for the rest of the day.
John stared at his phone, dumbfounded, before putting it back into his pocket with trembling fingers. So that's what had made him so restless – practically like a wild animal – over the past few days. The alpha in him had instinctively sensed Sherlock's approaching heat. How had he overlooked that? And what did the omega want from him now? There was no way he could...
"Are you going to help me now or what?!"
Harry threw her head back and roared with laughter. "I'm only having you on, Johnny. Don't get so worked up." She reached for Sherlock's suitcase and walked around the car to open the boot. "I'll take care of this, seeing as you're an alpha and apparently unable to hoist a bag."
A hot tingly sensation ran through Sherlock, goosebumps making the fine hairs on his skin stand on end. He gazed at John's wet finger uncomprehendingly, only to feel for himself a moment later the increasing amount of moisture gathering between his buttocks. He pushed himself up awkwardly on his right arm as he ran the fingers of his left hand across his hole to check, dragging them through the viscous fluid.
A submenu opens. John's eyes widen in disbelief. Surprise and fascination reflect in his face as he’s trying to understand the meaning of the few words on the screen. The two areas displayed are called body and base (Okay ...). Six different levels of vibration (vibra... what the?!). As if bitten by an adder, John drops the mobile, jumps up and takes two large steps away from the desk. He clutches his hair in agitation, digs his fingernails into his scalp. Like a caged wildcat, he strides back and forth across the floor. Only after he’s taken a few deep breaths does he feel calm enough to look at the screen again.
forty-eight month warranty.
"Fuck, Sherlock!"
"John?"
Victor went to the lecture room where 'Japanese Literature' was being held that semester. The meeting had already begun, but Victor didn't care about that. With a brief nod of his head in Walters' direction which might have been either an apology for the disturbance or a sign of defiance, Victor strode across the room to the row where Abigail was sitting. She greeted him with frantic gestures, beaming broadly.
"I was actually supposed to go to another alpha, but then he wanted a female omega after all in order to sire an heir. Augustus... he suggested a trade." Richard turned away, his lips trembling. "We're nothing but things to them..."
"Is everything all right?" Sherlock asked, nonplussed; at the same time, he automatically tilted his head to one side so that John could insinuate his nose into the crook of Sherlock's neck.
They didn't voice the thought out loud, but they both knew the request was primarily regarding a heat. If it should begin without warning, Sherlock wouldn't waste any time calling John to be by his side.
"How do you know what I want..." John muttered, drawing the blanket closer around his shoulders and ignoring Victor's searching look.
"John," he announced, taking a step back so that his alpha had an unobstructed view. "Opinion?"
The letter ended by asking how Sherlock was doing, and expressing the fervent hope that he was now able to do everything he'd wished for so long.
John laid one hand on Sherlock's shoulder and gave it an affectionate squeeze. "Why don't you dry your hair, and we'll go grab a bite somewhere nearby?"
. A boy that bright should not have to endure that. At any rate, I was simply returning a favor. He protected someone I love, and in return I protected him.”
James considers the figure with his typical sharp, assessing glance. “Well. He’s thin as a rake, like he’s grown too much too quickly, but graceful. Looks more of a dancer than a winger, if you ask me. Think I’ve seen him hanging around the chemistry labs. Year under ours maybe?”
After an hour, John is bored and just about ready to tell Irene she and Greg can choose whoever they like for the video when someone catches his eye. It’s just before the second elimination round, when a boy with a strange face and an absurdly curly head of hair has taken his place in front of the mirror (in front of John), and looks straight through the glass like he knows John is there. John even takes a step back in surprise.
“Well then,” Sherlock’s dad finally says from behind him. “This is it, then?”
Sherlock backs up, and John follows, suddenly enjoying the thrill of stalking his prey. Sherlock leads them to the kitchen, where he puts the flowers in a graduated cylinder and adds water.
. “Stamford’s heading up the technical side of things this fall.” Seeing a spark of interest in John at the name, she wheedled, “C’mon, he’s your favorite teacher. Besides, crew is all power tools and manly things. Even your parents can’t object.”
He pulls away from Sherlock and takes several steps away. He turns his back, shoulders tense and shaking. Did Sherlock do something wrong? His fuzzy mind tries to find the moment that made John withdraw.
A couple of weeks later, John ducked past one of the studios on his way to the Shop. He saw Sherlock through a window, and stopped dead. Sherlock wore a soft purple tee shirt and tight,
kettle.” Irene winks at Mike, who guffaws.
of an enormous marijuana plant. Something odd, not quite in place, but accepted for what it is. And when I got too old to be a camper, Mrs. Hudson hired me as a counselor. The campers and staff take me for granted, simple as that.”
He left.
“I’m- I’m not afraid of commitment,” John protests weakly.
John is surprised into a chuckle. He’d built up a picture of Sherlock in his head based on their conversation yesterday. That image was of a poised, calculating and cool-headed man. Someone who walked with that much confidence and held himself with so much dignity was now acting like a diva having a strop. At the sound of John’s laugh, Sherlock twists his face partially out from under his arms.
When he meets Sherlock, John is sitting with James on the first row of metal bleachers, watching rugby tryouts. He sort of recognizes the boy’s curly head so he nudges James.
“Don’t call him that.”
“Don’t you
The next chapter of this is going to be the final one for this installment, but I'm going to make this a series so I can explore all the niggling bits I didn't get to cover what with the rush leading up to series 4.
“Oh look,” Irene deadpans, dry. “He likes you. Sherlock, this is
“That’s embarrassing,” Bill says. John jumps, and scowls up at his friend whom he hadn’t noticed creeping close enough to read over his shoulder.
“Bit risky, isn’t this?” cried Sherlock’s voice, closer, the boy apparently just as defiant to unspoken requests as spoken ones. “Pulling out a gun in front of all these people?”
“Children!” their Mum scolds. “Stop behaving like common goblins.”
“Greg, Molly, NOW!” John shouted as he leapt onto the edge of the stage. Hope whipped his head around and pointed his very real gun at John. John caught a split second of the panicked look on Hope’s face before everything went very dark at once. An artificial whine began to cleave the loudspeakers.
. It wasn’t hard, to resist the urge to look away as he spun, not when he had a target like-
"HOLD."
John offers a friendly smile and a wink when he passes Sherlock his coffee. “Your regular, Sherlock. Black with two sugars: dark and sweet.”
“So’s Ms. Donovan. So unless Sally came round to your hotel room this afternoon for a nice little chat and to
“The only name I don’t recognize is Jefferson Hope. Any idea who he is?” Billie asked as she looked over the list.
“I know something we can do to kill time before rehearsal starts back up. Jefferson Hope, what’s his deal? Do your magic thing.”
Sherlock quieted at Mycroft’s oblique admission of love. It wasn’t something the Holmes brothers verbalized often. Tonight was a night to break all the rules. Sherlock decided to ignore Mycroft’s meddling for once, and returned the sentiment of love the best way he knew how.
John heals. And as he does, he realizes something.
at once, but there are too many sensations.
