“OK, let’s go Clark!” The two boys ran out of the barn slamming the door behind themselves.
“Uh, yes. This is Dean Winchester? Is there something wrong? Is this about their driver’s permit?” Dean asked with only mild concern.
“Oh, yeah. Daddy and Uncle Benny lived together a long time, even before he and momma got together and were married. He lived with us a long time then, too, probably until we were about five or six. I think he moved out when we were in kindergarten or first grade.” Emma looked up trying to remember. “I think it was right around the time my mom and dad bought the farm and barn y’all live in.”
“Sorry! It was an accident!” He came forward and started to shove her back.
“I wasn’t sure if Benny and Lee helping was a good idea considering your history but I guess it’s all good now.” Sam said and smiled.
“Uncle Benny!” Ben came running up to him. “You should’ve seen me kickass on MarioCart! I was almost unbeatable.”
“Honestly, I’m sorry, Bro, I just was letting you know the kiddos arrived safely at the Winchester place and are happily doing teenage things with the other four teenagers. They have homework, which Dean and his delectable brother Sam, will see to is done by all, followed by a feast of pizza, which they are expecting you to attend.”
Jack and Castiel sprinted to the car.  They turned left at the corner and headed west, then took the curving road that went around towards Chase Lake, Castiel driving a bit faster than the speed limit to catch the sun for his daughter. He smiled at the thought. He would always try to catch the sun for his children. They were his everything. He marveled that the simple things made them squeal with delight, and felt immense pride at the way they recognized the beauty of the world in what much of humanity would consider the ordinary.
They pulled into the mall parking lot, and entered the mall to hide their files.
“Yes, there it is,” he said with resignation. “I knew Gabriel couldn’t keep his mouth shut about anything.”
“What? A conference? That don’t sound good. Let me close up the barn and I’ll be right with you. Over.”
“This right here is what sounds like led to your first fight. I understand emotions are running high, but don’t think about doing this again. We need to head to the Cafeteria for a larger meeting. Let’s go.” Dean whistled to Miracle as he spun his wheelchair about.
“That being said, Each person that participated in the violence that occurred today, did it of their own volition, knowing there would be consequences. Even if it was done to protect or defend the target, the innocent or the weaker, violence was still the choice. Protection does not mean one has to lash out, it can be achieved through restraint as well.”
“Of course, Dad.” He pulled Clark with him to the sheep stalls. “Come see the sheep.”
All three of Dean's companions were silent. None but Adam had realized the extent of care it was going to take to get Dean back on his feet.
Castiel clearly could not hold his liquor as well as Dean could and promptly fell asleep on his shoulder. Dean didn’t want to move so he laid down on the couch and was aware that Castiel was pressed up against him. Cas was so cute when he snored. Dean turned off the tv and went to sleep.
“Why are they like that?” Dean asked in frustration. “I knew this was Lisa’s doing!” He punched his fists in the air at his sides.
Sam sighed as he ran a hand through his hair. Now he had to tell Dean and Castiel that they would be stuck in that cave for two weeks.
Chuck handed her one of the folders. “I think you need to close your mouth now, Naomi.” He shook the file at her as she slowly reached for it. She looked at it and sat down in the other chair at the front of the desk.
After running back to add to their newly copied documents to their hidden files, they stopped by the makeup store and got complimentary conceal and contour foundation tutorial makeovers with the purchase of the products. They had to stop the makeup artist from trying to convince Gabriel to use mascara and from attempting to get Michael “to at least try lipstick.” They had to keep reminding him that they were going for their natural look, hoping no one could tell they had makeup on at all.
“I’m leaving now. I won’t be long. I’m sorry that I’ve caused you such distress.” Castiel picked up and dropped his keys twice in his nervousness.
“I’m always good,” the chubby cheeked doll professed earnestly.
Adam held out a hand. Michael took it. The music started.
“Hey Cassie, what’s up?”
365 by Zedd and Katy Perry. It was the perfect song for them.
“Don’t look at me so. I know a lot of willing women, many of them quite a bit more wealthy even than your parents.”
“Do you have an account with us Mr. Winchester? Sam. If you’d like I can use your account to—”
They danced all night long.
He leaned the crutches against the garage door and went to help Dean into the back seat of his truck.
Dean always tried to take care of and help out his friends and family, and he had extended that loving care to his adopted town when he moved to Cottonwood Falls. He was not a rich man, but he was good with his hands, had developed good friendships with many of the people in the small town as well as in the sister town just a few minutes north. He liked people, never minded lending a helping hand, and people liked returning the favors. He was easygoing and tried giving people the benefit of the doubt, until he found out different about their characters.
“Never apologize. That’s what real family is for and we’ll get through it together.” Gabriel assured him. “I don’t think you’ve created trauma in the children, but—”
He heard movement from the other side of the room.
The light bulbs above his head shatter in a shower of sparks as he passes them. As he approaches, Dean and Bobby both open fire, but the shots do not even slow him down. Dean takes the knife as Castiel gets close.
“I don’t know.”
“So, I hear you’re getting into the animal husbandry game, too, Cas?” Dean greeted Castiel. “And Jack says ‘Uncle Benny’ here is going to help?”
“But you can go to sleep after you pass the memory and pupil tests.”
“Yes.” Castiel’s smile widened.
“Oh, yeah.” Jack hung his head. “I don’t want to be alone and all Claire wants to do when she gets home is call her new friend.”
“Do you have a Dog?”
Gabriel just turned on Michael and decked him. Michael fell to the floor.
“I know you said you’d fax all this information to us, but could you tell us where this post office box is located? I’m having the feeling that it is not at our local post office.” Sam asked, pen at the ready.
“As you know, I said no one that has been suspended is allowed to have extra time for projects, extracurricular activities, et cetera, et cetera. However, I know that you two have been out with the flu, and though you only missed two days, I know both of you had big end of semester projects that you lost time with, not only those two days, but the weekend as well. So, I will allow you extra time the rest of the week, morning and afternoon, as well as this afternoon, which may or may not be sufficient time to make up for your missed time. I know this will be especially difficult on you, Young Benjamin, as motor vehicle projects do not always cooperate with the clock. But this is an exceptional offer, take it or leave it.
them! And I
“Dad, may I go first?” Claire asked. I really would like to go first and get it out of the way, so we can focus on what you wanted to have the discussion about.”
Michael just stared back at Gabriel wide-eyed.
Claire’s phone rang.
He looked down and rubbed her scruff, then looked up to see Benny just turning his head away and looking pensively at his feet with a slight shake of his head. He was getting ready to ask Benny what that was about, when the secretary addressed them.
“Get down Miracle.” He was not proud of himself.
After years of being with her and putting up with her, he finally had enough and filed for divorce. He signed the papers, took the kids and left.
“Good girl CeCe.” He told her as he rode into the horse stables.
When all was set at the table and he’d refilled his wine glass, he sat down and put the dog’s chicken breast down. Obviously, the dog was as hungry, if not more so, than he was.
“And you think I’m paranoid?” Gabriel laughed but did as instructed.
“He’s not even really your uncle.” Emma shot back.
That was when the twins were eight years old.
“Sam! I said drop it!” Dean yelled from the inside.
So virtual school it is. The kids liked it. They could go to school for a few hours and then help out at the shop.
“Cher. What’s the plan? Crutches or wheelchair? I thought Ca—The Doc told you to stay off the crutches for at least five weeks.” Benny gave Dean a look as he gently took the crutches out of Dean’s grasp. “You’re not going to need these. Not while I’m keeping an eye on you. Remember, you have kids, family, who rely on you to be 100%. Not gonna let you mess that up because you want to walk into the principal’s office.”
“Oh, hey, Uncle Sam.” Ben greeted their uncle.
He could feel his breaths getting quicker, shallower and shorter. He didn’t want to frighten his children, but he could no longer hold back the dam. Gabriel was rubbing his back and still holding on to his hand, but he could hear his brother holding his own breath and sniffling. Claire was holding his other hand in both of hers and pulled his hand up to her lips, gently giving it kiss after kiss, saying, “It’s okay, Dad,” over and over like a mantra and Jack had come to sit on the floor and lay his head on Castiel’s knees hugging his legs tight.
Castiel bent to inspect the bit of Dean’s toes exposed at the front of the cast. There was slight swelling still but considerably less than when he was first brought in to the clinic, and less than yesterday.
“I saw it, too!” Jack yelled towards the sky.
Benny and Lee began to protest, but one look from Adam and they quieted down and complied.
Castiel waved him off. “No worries.” He looked around again.
“Oh, maybe I should stay here also, then?” Jack said less than enthusiastically.
“Well, we’ll do all we can to help out,” Lee assured him seriously. Lord knows Dean’s been there plenty enough times for me and Benny here. We take care of our own.”
He smiled seeing the way Jack’s face lit up.
“See, Dad? They're weird, too, just like us.” Jack’s head tilted with a huge grin lighting his eyes.
He shoved Benny’s jeans down as he finally worked the button fly completely open. Castiel slid his hands around Benny’s hips, exploring the sensations he felt inside himself as well as tangibly. The feel of silky flesh over hard muscle thrilled Castiel more than he knew it would. Grasping Benny’s buttocks, he pulled their bodies together again. They simultaneously gasped as their cocks pressed against one another.
They knew.
“Oowww! Idiot!” Emma shoved him hard enough to make him stumble backwards several steps and bump into the first aid cabinet. “That was right on my sore spot!” She rubbed the side of her face.
Castiel just sat calmly, still cooing soothing words. Inside all Castiel could think about was, ‘why did I kiss the top of his head?! Please, just let him not even remember that, please!’  The only answer he had as to why he kissed the top of Dean Winchester’s head while the man was having a panic attack, was because he remembered holding his children like this throughout their lives to sooth them, and it was just an unconscious, natural involuntary, fatherly action that just kicked in. He was still mortified.
Michael felt his gut wrench. He was nervous about confronting his parents, but he was unprepared for them to initiate communication at this point. The tone of his mother’s voice felt like a lead weight in his stomach. He’d heard her use that voice before, but he used to actually think she was concerned about him or whatever the discussion was about. Now, all he felt was sadness and anger, especially when he heard her next words. It made him think that any other parental concern she or Chuck had shown throughout the years was just more ways to manipulate them.
“Wait. You asked Mr. Lafitte if you could call him uncle? Why?” Castiel was not sure he heard correctly.
Dean just looked back and forth between Benny and Castiel.
Castiel pulled up in the circular driveway again and got out. Miracle followed him and immediately barked, and ran up the stairs to the front door. As soon as Castiel got to the top of the porch, Dean was opening the door. Miracle barked excitedly as she jumped up on Dean’s lap, and even yowled a few times with joy, over seeing her human again.
“No, I’m good. I’ll take care of everything after I clock out.”
“What? No!” Dean sat up a little and shook his head.
“She’s smart, my Miracle is.” Dean said proudly. “She must’ve seen the lights on or smelled your cooking.”
“Good things do happen, Dean.”
“No, I’m calling Hael. I’m heading that way, and then going to the bank of payphones over there. You head to that side door over there, like you got off that bus that just pulled up or something. Do your job, then leave by the same side door and come back to the car. I should be back here before you. If not just hang out here and wait. I’m not leaving the car unlocked.” He looked at the hesitancy in Gabriel’s eyes.
Ben squeezed out of his uncle’s arms to hug his father.
“Gabriel’s Sweet Spot.” Castiel corrected, slightly exasperated.
“This,” Adam said and slipped the ring on Michael’s finger.
Miracle came bouncing up the stairs, wagging and rubbing Castiel’s legs.
The others were waiting when they walked into the barn. Jack ran over to Clark, eager to tell his news.
“Well we have good news and bad news.” Bobby told Sam.
Cas sighed, "Well, you should not have even attempted to get out of bed at all. Please, try to relax. I’ve ordered a sedative for you, nothing strong. It will just allow you to relax a bit and alleviate any additional pain or discomfort you have possibly caused yourself.”
Castiel watched him as he worked, appreciating every nuance of the man before him. Even through his long sleeved shirt, the muscles of his arms could be seen and each sinew twisting and tightening. Benny was the epitome of cat-like grace and “strong silent-type.” Simplicity personified. He did nothing extra in his movements or speech. His clothing was clean-lined and simple, but dignified and with an old world elegance even through its casualness. His speech was short, but always to the point and laden with deeper meaning. Yet, in his simple actions and depth of caring attentiveness, Benny was above and beyond most any other person Castiel had ever known.
Castiel turned and walked out the door before allowing Dean to perturb him any further. He heard Dean saying something as he pulled the door closed, but he was beyond caring at the moment. That man truly was just a misanthrope, at least insofar as Castiel was concerned.
Gabriel nodded back.
“You’re just going to let him get
“Yeah. Thanks for that.”
“There, now you no longer have a criminal record Dean. Same with you Sam. In fact, you never had one in the first place. Oh and you’re no longer legally dead. It’s as if you never were at all. Dean, you’re a firefighter. I know it was a dream of yours. Sam, you’re a well respected lawyer. Castiel, you’re a doctor because I know you still want to help people. Adam, or should I say Nurse Adam. And then Michael, Michael you own a hospital. Gabriel, a police officer would fit you because you can punish bad people.” She took a breath.
“Are you ready?” Dean asked him.
“Yeah, you know, something besides acting like you have a stick up your ass all of the time.”
“Well, don’t stop now. You’re here and halfway up. C’mon! You can do it. Just a few more steps.” Dean began slowly backing himself up to make room for the doctor to enter.
She looked at her brother with raised eyebrows and then glanced at her father, then Jack and Claire again.
“Ah, yes. It’s $211.63, to catch up the arrears up to date, and another $118.81 to pay another six months or they have the option to pay for one month for one month only, after which you’ll have to close it out or review price options and resign a new lease.”
Not like Lisa had hit him. That’s why he left her. She hit him and he couldn’t take it anymore. He packed his and the kids bags, left the divorce papers on the table and then he was gone. He took the dog too. Miracle
“Claire! Kaia! C’mon, let’s go see my brother’s sheep.” Emma said as the others head to the garage, then called, “Are you coming Uncle Benny?”
“Benjamin! Do not!” Dean raised his voice. Benny came and stood between the two of them.
Angel Or Devil
Dean Winchester and his group of archeologists trekked along the desert path into the hot, humid jungle, the sun beating down on them. Dean had to wipe away sweat as they walked. He took a sip of his water but it didn’t really help. They were searching for a diamond called The Heaven’s Jewel.
He had a dozen or so text messages and missed calls. Most were from Charlie, some were from Jo and Ellen, others ranging from Benny to Lee, to Ash, to Pamela, to Jody, to Donna and Garth.
“Hello, young lady. I didn’t even notice your return.” Castiel placed his breakfast on the table, grabbed a bowl and scooped some of the breakfast eggs into the dog’s bowl. He refreshed her water bowl, washed his hands and sat to eat.
Benny was sitting at ease, leaning against the backrest, right arm atop the backrest of Castiel’s chair, sometimes the arm falling around Castiel’s shoulders, sometimes coming forward to emphasize a point. He was trying to act as he normally would with friends and family, but Sam could tell by the way he looked at the doctor, that Benny was smitten. He wondered if Dean saw that as well.
Dean whipped the wheelchair around and grabbed the mail. He read the letter again.
It took two months to actually get everything set up. Adam and Michael didn’t want to have to wait but it was worth it because they wanted to make it special.
He opened the door for Little Missy, as he’d decided to call her until he found out otherwise, to run out and do her business.  He left the door open wondering if she’d just run off or come back in. He really wanted to find her home if she still had one, but he was aware that people often came to the country to dump unwanted pets. He couldn’t imagine doing that to such a sweet dog, but he’d seen the works of too many bad people while working in the trauma center of two major cities. Sometimes humans weren’t very humane.
“No, my friend Lee had picked up the mail for me earlier. I guess the package must've gotten here after my final ‘friend visit’ of the day. I was wondering why you were toting that around,” Dean laughed reaching for the package. “Pine Prairie Printers. It’s about time! They were supposed to be here last week.” he set the box on his lap. “Thanks.”
“I heard you the first time you said it. Now how do we get out of here?”
“Dinner’s ready!”
They filed in to wait behind Castiel and his gang. There were just two other students ahead of them already going through the process.
“We do what he says he wants us to do. What other choice so we have? It’s not like he asked for extra millions or a chateau in the Loire Valley.” Chuck haphazardly shoved the files back into the accordion file. “You know Michael, I’m proud of you.” He stood up and crossed to the desk, laying the folder on top.
Dean thought about when he was in the hospital and the way the doctor kept winking at him, smiling awkwardly, the smashing of the ice cream on him, which he still had the man’s handprint visible on his arm, and the way everything he does seems to rub Dean the wrong way.
Sam thought about what Ben had said. “He’s not wrong.”
“Uh… we’re having pizza. Is that alright with you?”
“I promise. I won’t. But Ben told me anyway and that Uncle Benny and Mr. Winchester had their own room and that bed was more fun to jump on than the bed for Mr. Winchester and their mom. He said I could try it next time I go over. I asked him if I could and he said yes because I was still not too big!”
Castiel sighed. “You’re right. Come on.” And they turned back around and went near the rocks.
It was a mid-priced, king-sized double suite with a kitchenette, desk, living area, and the obligatory dining table with two chairs. Michael booked it for three days since he had no idea what was going to actually happen. He wanted to be sure they had a place to go if things went badly. For one of the less expensive chain hotels, it was not too bad. Their room was one of the higher priced rooms which included more amenities, yet it was less than the least expensive rooms in a hotel of the higher quality they were used to staying in. If things went badly for them, or at least Michael, they’d have to get used to less money for the finer things in life.
Lee gave him a kiss on the forehead too and patted Dean’s cheek. “Call us if you need us Dean, okay?” He said and squeezed Dean’s hand, their fingers grasped around each other and then he let go.
He tried reading, but his mind was on the things Balthazar said. Balthazar was always his champion. In many ways Balthazar and he were closer than he and Gabriel. His cousin was always like a brother, daring best friend, and loving parent all rolled into one, and Castiel valued and took to heart everything he ever said or did, and was never let down.
“Yeah, the way you all are talking, I’m waiting for the lot of you, including you, Dean, to jump up and high-tail across town to see who gets him first. Should I set my timer?” Ellen laughed looking at her watch.
Dean watched the door closing on his words. He doubted the doctor heard them. The doctor probably wouldn’t care if he
was stuck on the other side. Who knows how much air they had left? What if they were already dead?
At that moment Ben and Emma came from around the corner at the far end of the hall.
“Take care of yourself, Dean. I’ll check on you soon.” He said, then stepped back,  waving goodbye as they drove off. Dean waved back to his youngest brother.
Candies, Cakes & Ice Creams
Castiel watched Dean as he read the card. He watched micro-expressions of amusement, momentary confusion, understanding, and more amusement flash across Dean’s face as he sometimes furrowed his brow, sometimes nodded with a growing smile.
“C’mon, let’s get you into the truck.” Benny said and rolled the wheelchair close.
Dean and Sam were setting out the pizzas, cheesy bread, salad and condiments.There was a stack of heavy paper plates, stacks of napkins as well as a small tin bucket with forks and knives spread along the backside of the island, while the front side was a open for seating. There were enough bar stools for the kids to sit at the island, Sam, Dean and Benny made their plates and went to the table.
Claire was yelling now.
Chuck grabbed the thick, heavy overstuffed accordion file and slowly fingered his way through the files. When it began to dawn on him what he was looking at, he slowly backed up and sat in one of the chairs at the front of his desk. He began pulling the separate Manila folders out and to really understand what he was seeing.
His phone rang. He was thinking it might be Sam, but looked at the clock. He’d probably still be in court.
His phone began to ring. He ignored it only enough to debate using the lube or stopping before he squeezed any out. He leaned his forehead down on Benny’s back, and then growled in fury as he bent to dig his phone out of his pants pocket.
“I’m saying I don’t know. What I do know is that these files are all about damning information against important, rich and powerful people, including our parents and Dad’s father, grandfather, great-grandfather and probably even further back. I’ve never been privy to the exact contents of these files. I was made to memorize all the information I needed to know to access these items in case of an emergency, but I don’t know the entire story. I also know that some of the fortune that our grandfather, great-father, and even our parents have added to by their own means seems to have been, with the help of The Church, due to blackmail, bribery, extortion, corporate and market manipulation, and any number of other…mob-like manipulations.”
“Society and the world still have a long way to go, but hopefully, when you or Claire’s children grow up, they will only have to learn about the not-good things from history classes. You, Claire, Emma, Kaia and Clark, will continue the fight to make the world better for them. The more time goes on, the less each generation will be hurt by those who don’t know the right thing to do.”
Castiel clung to him and put his head quietly down on his older cousin’s shoulder. He said nothing, but stared vacantly off as Balthazar twisted his body side to side, rocking Castiel as he pet his back and whispered soft words of fond love in French to the boy. Chubby hands reached into the blonde locks, curling and combing at the nape of his neck.
“Good morning, Deputy.” Gabriel shook her hand. “Nice to meet you.”
The kids got in. Castiel turned to them. “Put these on.” He said and handed them blindfolds.
“I’m glad you’re both alright, but you know what my questions are going to be.” Ben rolled his eyes and nodded.
“There. You see. Breathe. It’s all ok.”
He decided he’d go try to take a bath or shower. He prepared everything and stripped off his clothes. He pulled out the waterproof cast protector cover. Try as he might he couldn’t pull it up over his heel. He tried wriggling, leaning over as far as he could, and finally, he tried using the hooked handle of an umbrella, which also failed. At that point he gave up. He was able to do it in physical therapy before he left the hospital, but this one was a different design from the one he had practiced with. Frustrated he threw it across the bathroom and gave himself a sponge bath with a washcloth and the use of three bath towels.
Castiel turns to him. “Forgive me Dean. My superiors said it would be best.”
They’d leave him alone eventually. The men would ask him about his leg but the women would try to pet Miracle and he would have to pull her away from them.
“Ooh, what happened to you?”
“Say your goodbyes to Miracle, kids, and hop in the car. We’re ready to leave,” Castiel called down to the children, not bothering to turn towards them.
“Magda is Emma’s new crush, I think. She won’t admit it yet, but they’ve been hanging out at lunch and their lockers for almost a month and were on the phone constantly while we were at Uncle Sam’s.” Ben squatted and pet Miracle some more. “We were going to meet Dr. Novak’s kids, because we saw them on the middle school side, but they were talking to these other kids. We thought they were friends, but when we got closer, we heard one of the girls yelling at Dr. Novak’s son. Asking him if he was some kind of freak. And the other boy, who I thought was his friend, got a little closer, trying to ask him something I couldn’t hear, but he, Dr. Novak’s kid, just started moving his arms around. I guess he was nervous or something. And then the other boy tried to grab his arm to get him to stop or something, but Dr. Novak’s kid kind of freaked a bit when the other kid grabbed him and he flung his arm out hard and spun away, but his other arm was up, too. So when he spun around, his elbow hit the other kid, like really, really hard right in the nose and blood just started gushing out. It was awesome!” Ben laughed. “Blood was every where. I never saw that much blood that fast ever.”
Sam and Jack sat beside their hotel room’s table in companionable silence surrounded by various lore books strewn across the floor. Father and son typing away on their respective computers trying to find the monster that was plaguing the little community. . Though he wished the situation was different, Sam was grateful to be spending time with their son,
Dean knew why Sam was bringing this up. He unconsciously rubbed at his arm, feeling a ghost pain of the scars he had there. he had an accident practincing for a race once, it had ended badly. The doctors had told Sam he may not make it out but somehow he did. Dean looked around his room and out the view of his room, the sun was dawning in the horizon. '' No, Sammy i dont have a race for a while, I'm on break but I am more careful now , you know that.... Bitch.'' Dean could hear the smile on Sam's face and after they said their goodbyes, he hanged up.
“Why have you been acting weird around me lately?” Even as he asks, Dean can’t quite meet his friend’s eyes.
“So, what's the plan for today?” Dean swallowed around a mouthful of his breakfast. He looked around for somewhere to sit but settled for gesturing to Cas to move over so he can sit next to him.
“My wings aren’t...functional?” Castiel responded slowly. He was dumbfounded at why Dean would assume such a thing. The ornament’s eyes went wide in response.
Dean nods and sifts through the boxes. Mostly there were clothes and other things that belonged to the kids. Nothing was necessarily screaming supernatural.
“Because you’re purely devoted to Dean. You’re...
Their son’s face lit up with a sudden spark of joy. “Are we here?” Cas chuckled and nodded. “Yes, look.” The angel pointed towards the car’s dashboard and the boy followed his line of sight. He gasped and immediately jumped out of the car, giving Dean barely enough time to finish parking. The sky was a beautiful light blue that was littered by small, moving dots of color. Each dot was moving pleasantly in the strong breeze, being pulled along by their attached strings. Jack followed the strings down to the many families looking up at their kites. He smiled wide as he turned back to his own makeshift family walking towards him.
, don’t want to make your husband there mad at me.” She pointed at Cas when she said that, setting down his plate in front of him. Cas perked up at the comment and quickly studied Dean’s reaction. The hunter took a moment to look at everyone that surrounded him, his gaze stopping at Cas. His mother’s ring on his left hand seemed to burn as he replied.
Dean shrugged nonchalantly, “just trying to see if I could, I dunno, feel something”.
Yet still, something had always felt
And here we go....
She smiled, and Dean nodded along praying she hadn’t asked a question. She started pouring the coffee into the cups in front of her and screamed without missing a beat: “Julio!”
At a distance, Dean can see Sam with Eileen, Ellen, and Bobby sitting near his favorite perch. They are looking up at him, their brows furrowed and their arms flailing as they try to get his attention. He waves back at them using the hand that Castiel has officially taken as hostage on his own. Below them, he can hear the rustling of the other angel ornaments frantically trying to make their way up to them. Dean knows that there will be hell to pay for their transgression and that they were running out of time before the Human returned.
Dean glanced in the rear-view mirror. Cas and Jack were both sitting in peaceful silence. The constant rocking didn’t seem to bother either of them.
“What’s so funny Dean?” Cas challenged in his gravelly voice, one eyebrow raised in accusation.
Tell me what to do next:
“I- I just can’t Sammy,” his voice trembled and his eyes filled with unshed tears. “We were so close to-” he tried to continue, but his words failed him.
The smell of strong coffee flooded Sam’s senses as he slowly stirred in his bed. As the hunter opened his eyes, he found Jack standing by the room’s tiny sink fumbling with the coffee maker. He looked almost frantic, like a junkie waiting for his fix.
The detective’s face falls and her expression becomes solemn. “Follow me.”
”. They are shape-shifting river spirits that use songs to control the minds of their victims, normally children.” Sam says, over his laptop.
The boy nodded at her, and made his way to what Dean presumed was the kitchen, disappearing completely from his view.
“Sounds like we are getting some pizza then.” Dean added as he nudged against his son on the way up the stairs. Jack trailed behind him with an excited smile on his face. They were temporarily left to their own devices, Sam and Cas could only hope that those two made it back in one piece.
Yet, he can’t bring himself to kiss him.
Dean’s thought processes stopped the moment he felt Cas’s arms wrap around his waist as he pressed a kiss to his cheek. The former angel had shifted to sit right next to Dean, thighs almost touching, which made Dean bless the Impala’s booth-style seats even more than usual.
, Dean thought as a cold chill raced down his spine. Each of the boys crossed the stream and jumped into the cave entrance. Sam dove in first, while he cursed and hissed at the water’s cold temperature. He took a moment to tie his soaking wet hair back and away from his face. The rest of the hunters followed suit with their own string of profanities.
Castiel's memory is still a blur. He remembers laying a hand on Dean's arm, but after that it was all just pure light. He snapped back into being on a different existential plane than Earth. He tried, hopelessly, to communicate with Dean, to ask him to come with him to Heaven, but his voice was lost as shrill screams that made the human wince and scream in pain.
“Let me guess,” Cas began, “that was another flirtation?” he teased with a knowing smirk.
Dean wrapped his right arm around the angel’s waist and pulled him closer until their foreheads touched and they were staring into each other’s eyes. Cas’s eyes were wide, his pupils overcoming the brilliant blue as a small gasp escaped him.
They dressed as quickly as they could. Both stealing the occasional glance in the other’s direction. As they grabbed their keys and gear, Dean hesitated by the door with his hand still on the handle. He turned to look at Cas, his mouth open like he was about to say something, but the words never came. He shook his head and headed down the hall towards breakfast with their son and his brother, who had an incredible habit of prying into his business. There were words left unsaid, but they could wait for the opportune moment.
He was getting desperate. The warm memories he kept replaying in his head were becoming dimmer as he tried desperately to hold on to them. Every hug he had ever shared with the Winchesters or Jack, every laugh throughout his 10 years of knowing them, his first kiss with Dean; all of these memories slowly fading away from his grace. Each moment of fondness was being slowly replaced by sickening fear and dread. The memories he had tried so hard to hide, the ones he ran away from whenever he was alone, were all coming back to haunt him. Each memory tied to a visceral pain that trembled across his body.
“Go away Jack, please leave me alone” a rough, sad voice came muffled through the door, and something broke inside of Cas. He recognized the voice as Dean’s, but he seemed far away, like his voice had lost its familiar warmth. Jack turned to his father once more, his eyes wide and afraid, almost as if he was begging him to do something.
“Dean,” the angel began as he set the last plate on the counter next to him. He turned to face the hunter fully once he was convinced he had his attention.
Cas was an angel, he knew that theoretically. He knew Heaven, defended it, fought for it. But nothing could have prepared him for the pure ecstasy that was kissing Dean. The love of his very long life, now his own private paradise. All of God’s creations paled in comparison to the arms of the man he was currently collapsed into.
The entity huffed and narrowed its eyes. “You’re right, I tried that two decades ago and yet, here you are still
“Is sleeping on top of another person more comfortable than sleeping on a bed?” The boy asks, his entire attention dedicated to his father.
“You hungry?”
This new idea being shut down, angels continued to murmur, no one else daring to speak up. Tension was thick in the room. If no one stood up as volunteer soon, then the mission would be randomly assigned, as was customary. Castiel could hear the whispers in his head, as angels begged and prodded at their fellow brothers and sisters to do something. Castiel stared ahead, directly at the dark image of Hell. Something in his grace stirred alive, a feeling akin to interest. Something inside him screamed, silencing all the the other voices and making itself known. He knew what he had to do. It felt right.
“Well, I’m Dean and this is Jack. So, tell me what we are looking at?” The hunter walks towards the board, trying to find his own pattern of weird.
“How can I help you guys?” She asked, staring at both of them with narrowed eyes.
as his VP, Cas knew that he was going to be alright.
“No! I am taking back the children that were taken from me.” She screamed before lowering her grating voice to barely a whisper.
After the pizza had come and gone, and their chatter began to die out, Jack and Sam decided to very pointedly call it a night.
Sam does his best to seem friendly and smiles. “If that is alright with you Miss…?”
There was nothing like the warm purr of the Impala’s engine to soothe Dean’s lingering nerves of letting their son drive. The kid looked like he had a stick up his ass as he held onto the wheel with a vice grip.
In the mist of his panic, Castiel remembered the archangel's words. He turned towards him, a new kind of drive illuminating his eyes,. He wouldn't be afraid anymore, that had gotten him nowhere in life. "What's my mission?"
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He has been down this road before. The potholes and small fishing shacks seem familiar as they roll into view. He’s found himself driving down by the coast every morning, drawn by the sheer energy he found there. There was something liberating about being able to feel the thrum of the engine on his fingertips while listening to waves crash below. It was addicting. It was time to go home though. He didn’t want Sammy to kill him for taking too long getting breakfast. With one look in the rear-view mirror, he turned on his blinker and made a U-turn back into town. He sped down the road and glanced at the green road sign as it flew by. “
“I know”, he replies “it's against the rules.” Cas reaches for Dean’s hand and meets his eyes, effectively pinning him down with his intense gaze. “But, what if we broke those rules?”
Sam releases the breath he was holding, eager to change the subject. This was not a conversation they needed to have today. “Okay. Why are you asking me all of this, Jack?”
“How was your ride?” Cas asked as he relieved Dean of the pastry box and coffee and moved towards the small table in the back of the room. Dean’s eyes wandered slightly towards the tidy beds, the fresh clothes set out on the bed for him, and grinned. Cas was a lot like Lucy sometimes.
CHRISTMAS DAY, 12:01AM
Castiel followed as Gabriel led him out the double doors of the room, walking into a long white hallway with bright lights and painting on the walls. AS subtle yellowish paint covered the walls, made everything have like an old mansion feel. He recognized some of the paintings and sculptures along the walls from his time working as the museum curator. He wondered what his job as an angel would be now. Was there a museum in Heaven? Was he in Heaven anyway? Why had he been saved and brought here. He thought back to his life, he had not been very special, led a normal boring life always waiting for a big break.. but somehow he didn't have any regrets.
Sam is about to respond when Cas raises his hand in front of him. “
Heaven did not take kindly to individuality.
After walking further inland for a while, they stop to rest at a small clearing. The grass is short and flattened in this area making them think this was a common resting spot for other travelers. Sam rummages through his bag and pulls out several snack bars that he shares with his family. They all sit in a tidy circle on the grass, the sound of cellophane crinkling in the soothing silence of the forest.
“We should get out of here Dean” Cas whispers in the hunter’s ear, moving to place his hand on the small of the hunter’s back. “We are starting to arouse suspicion.” Shivers ran down Dean’s spine, and his hand clenched to keep himself from just reaching out for the angel. He should be focusing on the case, but there’s just something about Cas…
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean couldn’t meet his best friend’s eyes, afraid that he might not want to leave them again.
Jimmy Novak was all tan and muscle. Not too tall by surely strong with disheveled dark hair, black as night, and his eyes. Piercing,blue eyes that Dean felt could see right through him. Dean realized Jimmy was talking so he gulped and tried to listen.
“Fair enough, we can stop further ahead.” Dean conceded, turning on the car’s blinker.
“It looked like you were happy. Were you not happy?” Jack’s eyebrows furrow and his head tilts to the side in confusion. Sometimes he reminds Dean a little too much of Cas.
That was a half-truth at best. It had been a gift from his mom years ago. But when she died, when Jack… Dean couldn’t bring himself to keep it. He had to bury some part of her. Not just the empty shell the spell had left behind. However, when he got back from the hunter’s burial he found the ring on his bed with a folded note.
Dean nodded in agreement but didn’t quite meet Cas’s eyes. He walked out the door with his friend in tow. Once they were back in the car, Cas reached for his phone and called Sam, putting him on speakerphone.
moment with you. I would do it again in a heartbeat.”
“It was certainly a very different set of molecules than peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.” Cas answered wistfully remembering the days when he had a sense of taste.
With a steady breath, he closed his eyes and teleported to the nearest phone booth. He looked at the horizon and realized it was late to make a call and so he stood by the phone and waited patiently until he could make the call that would lead him to his mission. To Dean Winchester.
Dean barged into the kitchen and set the empty pizza box down next to the trash can and haphazardly threw the empty beer bottles in without bothering to look if they had gone in or not. They crashed against the metal, but not even their racket could snap Dean out of his downward spiral. He set a frantic pace around the kitchen island, nervously running his hands through his hair.
“Dean?” he asked hesitantly to the nothing in front of him. It responded by giving his hand a firm tug and squeeze. The warmth began making its way up his arm, pleasantly nostalgic and inviting, like seeing an old friend after a long time apart. In a way, he guessed that is what was happening now.
directed at him before. Not like this. Dean moves without thinking and finds himself slowly inching closer to Cas. His gaze roams from impossibly blue eyes to reddened lips. A warmth brewed inside him making him want to get closer to the angel. Almost as if he was magnetic. He is interrupted by one of the couple’s children standing and moving away from the family table while his parents weren’t looking.
As Cas briefly touched his fingers to Dean's temple, the hunter opened his eyes, seemingly in awe and shock at seeing his friend alive again. Dean could feel the angel's grace run through him, healing his cuts, bruises and broken bones. Meanwhile, Cas could sense the gears turning in his friend's mind, analyzing how the angel - who only minutes ago had been blown to bits - could be standing in front of him once again.
"I love you. I love both of you."
. It kind of reminded him of the smell of the pies his mother used to heat up for him. His stomach growled, demanding his attention. He got out of the car and made his way out to his room. As he rummaged through his pocket to get his room key out, the door opened in front of him. He was greeted by blue eyes, and frazzled, dark hair on a familiar trench coat-clad frame.
“SAAAAM! They’re holding HANDS!” the boy screamed with pure glee in his voice. They could hear Sam chuckling the background.
Cas stood and began cleaning up what remained of their dinner, “Want to give me a hand with this?” he asked as he pushed some empty beer bottles in the hunter’s direction. Dean nodded as he collected the rest of the trash and followed Cas towards the kitchen.
. “You saw them sleeping together? Ahem, um do you mean actually sleeping or…?”
"It just isn't that simple," Zachariah explained. "It seems some strange force, possibly even our own father, has taken a shining to these humans. Whenever they die, they simply just come back."
“Don’t you start flirting with me now
It was supposed to be only one game. That’s what he had agreed to. One round of some hipster card game that Sammy insisted they should get during their last supply run. “Cards Against Humanity is a millennial tradition Dean, we need to get this.” Sam had begged, and Dean could never say no to those puppy dog eyes.
“I am not sure. It felt like your brother shocked me, b-” Cas began to explain, but at that moment Dean woke up with a start. He shot up quickly, nearly hitting Sam’s face and startling the three men. His eyes were opened wide and frantic, and he quickly turned to face the angel. “Cas,” he said breathlessly. The burning in Cas’s arm intensified at the sound, and he finally pulled back his sleeve. There, he uncovered a set of words etched underneath his skin. The same words that had taken over Dean’s mind.
him feel this, punishing him for his indiscretions. So, what would happen if he tried to push back against It?
“Well, it’s a bonding spell, right? Could be a witch or a siren?” Dean pitched in, closing yet another useless book.
Dean had tried to help, occasionally helping him eye through a book or two, but as the days passed he found it impossible to keep still.So, he left Cas, went on hunt after hunt, killing every monster that he possibly could while hunting alone. Of course, Cas only knew because he could feel Dean's longing, constantly pulling at him like an anchor. He went through his days, feeling his grace tugging him this way and that. Until the day he found a way to rescue Sam, soul and all.
He scanned his surroundings looking for a sign as to why he was here. Gabriel had said he was a Cupid, was his first "mission" inside this bar? Gabriel had said he would help deal with the more.. Troublesome cases. A bar seemed like as good place as any to find cold hearts that were content to just be alone forever. He should know since he was one of them.
The thought alone was enough to make Cas smile. Even if he could never find a way out of his prison, even if he could never see Dean or his son again, he could rely on the comfort that he could be a nuisance to the one responsible for his pain until the end of days. Still, he could not give up. He needed to find a way back to Dean, Jack and Sam. He needed to find a way home.
Though he still felt like the dark, rainy morning, he resolved to be positive and felt better as he pulled into the clinic parking lot just as the rising sun began peeking through the parting clouds. He smiled, feeling that it was a good sign.
Jack immediately stood up, hand in the air.
“The number one thing you must adhere to is that you must stay completely off of your feet for at least three weeks. I mean no walking, no hopping, not even using crutches to go from one side of your house to the other. Bed to bathroom only if necessary and only using crutches with your broken leg held completely off the floor with absolutely no weight put on it. And definitely, no driving, no going shopping, and no work, as any heavy labor is absolutely out of the question. No excessive standing or putting pressure down on the leg in any way shape or form before a full six weeks has passed. You understand? No using your leg for at least six weeks!” Dean had stopped chewing and was just staring aghast at the doctor.
Both of them hugged him. He hugged them back.
By the time Benny and Lee were satisfied that they had completed the set up to their satisfaction and thought Dean had everything he needed, they were the last guests left. Everyone had slowly trickled out after having said their goodbyes and giving Dean their well-wishes and hugs.
“Yes, Head Nurse Milligan.”
He turned his attention back to the black Charger ahead. He saw it turn towards a road leading out of town. Well, at least he knew the man might be around the school another day. Maybe Claire or Jack would make friends with his children and could get the scoop on Mr. Lion Mane. One way or another, he was going to meet that man.
Castiel patted his son’s hand that was still firmly tucked in his father’s large grip. He nodded to Dean, and smiled at Benny. Dean watched Castiel’s son scoot very close to Deputy Barker’s son, then watched as Clark very sweetly turned to smile at him and gently put his arm around the boy’s shoulder. Dean smiled softly. He remembered his own youth and a time when Lee did the same for him. He looked back at Castiel who was also smiling softly at his son, and gave Clark a fond nod, then looked at his daughter who had a hint of a smile on her bruised fat lip, her large blue eyes flashing defiantly and full of love. Dean glanced at Benny. He was watching Castiel. He had a look on his face that left Dean puzzled. His train of thought was interrupted when the principal began to speak.
“Ben, pull out some of those ramekins, enough for everyone, and stack them on the table for the ice cream. Emma, grab the scoop out of that drawer by you.”
Castiel’s brother, Gabriel was driving, the window was down and Deputy Barker waved from the passenger seat. They had been out on patrol on the highway when Chris got the call from her son that they were going to be leaving the school soon. She eyed Gabriel when he turned the cruiser around so quickly.
Astonished at Dean’s sudden change of heart, Benny raised his eyebrows, then nodded and winked at Lee and Adam. Dean noticed the wink, but said nothing. His friends and his brother were planning something, but he didn’t know what.
Emma put her index finger to her lips as they walked into the barn where the others were already looking at the sheep. There were two ewes and a ram. Both ewes were noticeably large in the abdomen.
“I’m sorry Dean. I was just following orders.”
“You do look great. Remember, he loves you.”
+++++++++++
Michael honestly thought he was going to throw up. Not only was he dealing with having to blackmail his own parents over the mental health of his youngest brother, but he was simultaneously learning just how much his entire life was a lie in regards to anything his parents had ever told him. How many times had he had his parents have talks with him with this what he now realized was not just mock-concern, but straight up gaslighting manipulation of the most contemptible sort. Who used and manipulated their children that way?
“Yes.” Dean snapped his fingers.
“I think, fight notwithstanding, today was a very, very good day.” He pulled them all into the hug.
Dean thought, ‘Yeah, Doc. I’ve got this raging boner going on in my pants under this box. These drawstring pants are Sam’s and real loose to accommodate one of those long, slender-fingered hands of yours. I could definitely use the help of wrapping my arms around those massive thighs you got there and see if anything else in those tight jeans matches in corresponding girth and length.’ But he realized that would not be a socially acceptable response.
Then came the Thursday of the diagnosis and the Thursday of her death. Dean’s life reverted to semi-chaos, nightmares and desperation again, but this time he had the anchor of his twins to keep him steady, to keep him from sailing over the edge of the earth, even though once in a while, he’d get closer to that edge than he’d like to admit. Miracle had been there for him though. Miracle, who had come to them, as a puppy, when The Colonel was still alive. Mirry, who trained to become a service dog when they noticed she was mothering the twins, and The Colonel as he aged. Miracle learned quickly, whether it was due to learning from Colonel or natural mothering instincts.  Dean loved her even through her disappearances that would have invalidated her service dog designation had anyone ever found out.
“Oh, we agree! Shenanigans are always on the table.” Dean nodded enthusiastically.
Sam thought for a second trying to process the sexual terms into terms of food flavors. He didn't think any creams or extra sauces would be a good idea until the twins were feeling better.
“Okay guys, pick out one dog that you both like. Just one.”
“Benny. Come back Benny. You in the middle of anything that you can’t stop for a while? Over.”
“So, what exactly happened to get this brawl going, and how many were involved? Are my kids alright?” He addressed Deputy Barker. “Can I get the scoop?”
like men. I want to…to…I am now dating men, a man. I went on a date and it was with a man and I… It was with Benny, Mr. Lafitte, and I liked it and want to see him again. Some more. We like each other and want to…we plan on seeing each other more.”
“Well, I'm not buying what you're selling, so who are you really?”
“Yeah, it’s easy to slip with shears or clippers,” Benny told them, “that’s why it’s good to bring in a good professional to learn the right way to do it so you don’t hurt the animal and cause needless pain.”
Castiel told a similar story. Chuck would beat his kids with a belt. He forced them to go to church. He had someone come to the house and beat Gabriel so badly that he almost died. He almost lost his brother.
“OK. I promise, Mr. Lafitte.” Jack vowed. “Can I call you Uncle Benny, too, like Emma and Ben do?” Jack asked with a fond smile.
Castiel finally picked up his keys and stood to leave when he realized that Dean was having a severe panic attack. He went over to Dean and began to speak in a soothing  voice.  Dean had begun rocking himself slightly back and forth, clutching at his chest as he tried to catch his breath.
Bi Pie
Michael looked at the paper. On the front was the name, Jules and then the phone number. He sneered at Gabriel who circled his index finger in the air indicating that Michael should look at the back. Exasperated, Michael turned the paper over to read:
“I’d appreciate that, because I just thought of a few more questions.” Castiel looked slyly at Benny.
“No, honey, you are not punished. And though I think you’re a little young to be dating, if Deputy Barker is going to be there, I think that a skating rink dance is an acceptable location for a first date for two thirteen year olds.”
“Dammit! I can’t win.” Gabriel laughed.
Once Michael’s eyes were closed, Adam got down on one knee and held the open box in his hand.
“I almost wish you hadn’t reminded me. I think my adrenaline made me forget about the pain, but now I feel it all throbbing.” Gabriel lightly touched his nose.
”I bet you’re hungry, Cas? I ordered a ton of pizza. Sam got cheesy bread and salad, too, but I’m not sure there’s any cheesy bread left.”
Castiel laughed, too.
“I take that as a great compliment. The large star badges are for you and Deputy Hanscum. Otherwise, pick what you like, it's free for all.”
“I’m going into town quickly to put up a few flyers about the dog, grab some pastries and fresh donuts, then I’m stopping to check on one of my patients. I’ll be back home around 11:45 or so. That’s a little over three and a half hours. If you want to go anywhere today, I suggest you finish unpacking your last two boxes and put the items away neatly. And get all that flatulence out of you, Jack!”
“The pleasure was all mine, darling. No return will ever be necessary or I’m not even sure adequate. I hold you in such high regard, Mon Ange. It was an honor.” He grabbed Castiel’s hand and brought it to his lips. Castiel laughed softly.
“Oh, never tell me you’re sorry for anything like that.” Benny pulled him close and touched his face. “Mon Ange.” He kissed him gently, then stepped apart as they heard the soft tap of footsteps coming down the big hall.
“Gabriel?”
“Kaia’s right. We don’t even know if dad is dating Uncle Benny. What if he doesn’t even like men?” Jack asked. “We should wait and find out. Maybe during our family meeting tonight we can just ask him. I’m going to ask him.”
“And they want us to say yes to them and let them use us to start the apocalypse?”
Suddenly, mortified, Castiel stiffened. Still aware of Dean’s panic, though ebbing, he didn’t want to bring it back again, so he just kept soothing and rocking him. He forced himself to not think about it and continue soothing his patient.
Castiel turned to tilt his head at Dean as he reached the bottom. Dean put two fingers to his temple in quick salute and turned his wheelchair towards the door.
“It’s alright. Really, I’m very flattered that you would want to bestow me with the honor of that title.” Benny placed his hand over heart and bowed slightly to Jack. “I’ll tell you what, you discuss it with your father first, then we can talk about it. There’s a lot of responsibility that comes with the title, and though I am definitely up for it, you’ve got to ask yourself, too, if you’re ready to be my nephew and all that goes along with that. You know I might like to have uncle time once in a while, say to go fishing together or toss a football, and I’ve been known to enjoy a ballet or two. My favorite is The Nutcracker every Christmas.”
Thinking he was upset over the news about Anna, Chuck followed him.
His stomach growled. He hadn’t eaten since very early this morning when he got up to begin the long drive to this…this nowheresville of a town. Even while “in town” at the clinic, he hardly saw too much of a town. Granted his mind was preoccupied with a mental list of things he needed to get done before he picked up Claire and Jack from his brother Gabriel’s house tomorrow evening.
Claire and Kaia just looked at each other and shook their heads, still in the dark.
Instead, he bent to his knees and asked, “What are you up to? No good?”
He heard Gabriel snicker.
“I’ve been trying to cut down, eat more salads, get more fit.” Benny patted his belly. “Gotta start making sure to stay in shape now, as I get older, I wanna stay healthy.”
What the hell?!”  Dean started panting and wheezing. “Oh, god! What the fuck am I going…to do?! What am I supposed to do?!”
“I know. I never thought this would actually happen. A wedding on the beach.”
“Is there any laissez les bon temps rouler as lagniappe?” Castiel tossed some well-used Louisiana phrases he’d learned when he lived in New Orleans, giving Benny a toothy smile.
“I still plan to do much more to and for you at a later date. You heard my brother, babysitting for an entire weekend.” He bent to pull up his pants in an attempt to look like a respectable physician that did not almost fornicate on his desk in the office of his workplace he’d been employed at for less than five full days.
Grateful, Dean took it and emptied the glass.
“Why?” Naomi looked crestfallen. It was the first emotions he displayed that Michael actually believed she truly felt. “You’re just going to let our baby be corrupted and grow up an abomination?”
Castiel pulled out a second pan and poured a little chicken broth in as it heated,  before placing the second breast in it. He returned to his pan that was just heating up to a sizzle again. He stirred the contents until the potatoes were almost done and put in the chicken, some fresh minced garlic, the green onions, a bit of broth and a splash of his wine. Finally, he tossed in the broccoli. He cut himself a beefy tomato and sliced up a cucumber, tossed in fresh spinach and quickly mixed up a vinaigrette to go over it. He sliced a bit of fresh baked bread he had picked up from his favorite bakery before leaving the city and cut himself a few slices of cheese. He was suddenly famished.
“O-kay. I’m going to imagine that you're either in the middle of stitching up a patient, which I know is not the case, since you’d have never answered your phone, or that you’re in flagrante delicto!”
Family only, they had said.
“I’ll return with her as quickly as possible. I’m sorry.” Dean ignored him and was frantically opening an envelope.
, ‘thank you for your service,’ because I, and so many others, do owe so much to people like you. If you had to put up with someone half as messed up as I was, well, in my book, you put in service time as well. And I’d like to tell you, because I still held a lot of grudges when I left a few of mine behind, thank you. Thank you, and those in your profession, for helping me, and so many others like me, out. Thank you for all the ones I did not say that to.” Dean looked Gabriel in the eye briefly and then looked down, because being grateful was easy, but speaking it allowed was difficult and he always had to remember that showing and speaking gratitude was not a sign of sappy weakness, but showed strength of character and empathy.
He threw the stack of mail across the room.
“See? I told you he was cool with it.” Claire smiled and gave Kaia’s hand a squeeze.
“We need to hurry or it will send an alert that the safe has been opened. If I close it and have it locked up before nine minutes are up, we’re safe.” He finished sifting through the contents, took some more out, and threw a few back in after double checking. He grabbed a bright yellow sticky note, and pen off of the desk. Gabriel could just see over the edge of his brother’s shoulder as he quickly drew a hand with the middle finger up and underneath that wrote:
“Now is it time for our surprise?” Jack asked.
“Geez, Gabe! Really?” Michael just glared at him until a car honked at them.
“Alright, let me make sure we have all your things together,” Lee turned to start looking through the closet and drawers.
He preferred doing ‘night-sky driving,’ as the children dubbed it, when the moon was out, or like now, when the sky still had a hint of the dim twilight of the just-disappeared glow of dusk. Though he’d also done it on moon-dark nights filled with stars, as well as black-sky nights shrouded by storm clouds, but almost always on roads he trusted or knew. There was a time before the children, when he was much more of a daredevil, and would find straight lengths of roads that ran for miles in the countryside and on cross-country road trips. He’d turn out his headlight, take off his helmet, and fly his motorcycle at breakneck speeds in the darkness, wind in his hair, and stars filling the vast sky to the horizon, compelled to fly headlong down a road that met the Milky Way, driving to the stars and his destiny. It always seemed just out of his reach. He never could divine exactly what that destiny might be, and always had to slow his bike in the end, never reaching the distant shining beacons he was drawn to like moth to flame.
“No idea, maybe some kind of weird vamp nest?” Sam suggested over his laptop, taking a swig from his beer. “Maybe it-” a small snore interrupted him. They all turned to look at the bed nearest to the door. Jack was sprawled out over the sheets, a book laying open on his lap. His chest rising and falling softly. He looked almost angelic.
That is how they spent four hours of their family game night, going back and forth with who was the funniest and relishing the peaceful atmosphere. Cas would be lying if he said he didn’t enjoy this particular game just because of how it made Dean laugh. Everytime the hunter picked his card as the winner, their eyes would meet and for a brief moment the angel could swear he saw Dean’s soul get slightly brighter. Every time he laughed, his laughter echoed in the large war room and completely engulfed Cas in that blissful sound.
“Why not? What good is my power, my station, if it doesn’t allow me to choose who to have by my side?” Cas meets Dean’s eyes once more, the brilliant blue shining with unshed tears.
“Looks like we have the rest of the night to ourselves” Cas whispered conspiratorially into the space between them. Dean couldn’t help but get lost in the former angel’s gaze as he wrapped his arms around him a bit tighter. He could feel Cas’s warm body against his and he truly never wanted to let go again.
They left that day with a sour victory. Lucifer was sent back to his cage, but at the cost of both their brothers’ lives. For Cas, this was something he was accustomed to. All the garrisons that went on special missions knew the risk, and they rarely returned just how they had left. Angels died. "Collateral damage", as Zachariah would say.
Sam snorted. “More like their ‘profound bond’ broke her spell.” That comment earned him a smack from the pillow closest to Dean. His mock violence trying to hide the warm blush he felt spread on his cheeks at the mention of his bond with Cas.
“That sounds lovely, Dean. I am glad to see you are enjoying yourself. You look oddly charming with a sunburn” Cas caught himself before he could let out any other compliments and put some much needed distance between them. He sat by the bed and fiddled with his trenchcoat. There was a strange look on his face. A look that Dean couldn’t quite place. He was hiding something. It seemed like they were all hiding things from each other these days.
,” she adds, and at that moment a marking carved on her chest lights up. The same two circles and a line crossing through them. “I will
He goes over to his notebook to scratch Djinn off the list. They need a new lead. He decides to try and find his phone and check if Cas and Dean made it back. They hadn’t reported in yet which was strange for them. As he is walking past the television, something on the screen catches his eye.
Cas looked down at his feet as if he was searching for something he had dropped. Then he raised his head and his eyes met Dean’s. The hunter held his gaze. “I shared this with Dean years ago. And yet...” A soft smile decorated the angel’s features.
As if Dean could ever forget any of the times he had lost his son. He wanted to voice that thought, but he couldn't bring himself to. He needed to let Jack talk now; he needed to know what happened to Cas. “Yeah, we brought you back thanks to Lily’s soul magic”  So, he kept it at that.
Her slightly raised eyebrow reminded him of Missouri. God, he missed her like crazy. He was past due for a visit. Perhaps they’d visit her for their next vacation. He scoffed at that thought. Their first vacation ain't over yet, and here he is planning another.
“You really haven’t changed have you?” Dean asked, not taking his eyes off his best friend.
Dean spotted an empty table by the corner and placed a hand on the small of Cas’s back to lead him to it. The angel tensed in his grasp before moving to sit on the chair opposite Dean. He couldn’t quite meet the hunter’s eyes.
“I suppose that is a smart idea. It will be good to stretch our legs.” Cas agreed with a nod.
!” He tried to remember the little Spanish he knew from his high school days but held up four fingers just to be sure he got it right.
Cas sighs in defeat and moves to stand when he feels a slight pressure on his right hand. He follows it and finds Dean’s hand covering his own. “Let’s stay a little while longer?” Dean whispered, his voice weak and unsure. Whatever air was left in Cas’s lungs is knocked out of him. Cas is overcome with emotion, trying his best to fight against the tears. He nods, and Dean released a breath he did not know he was holding. They stay like that, sitting peacefully next to each other on the blanket, hands clasped and relishing in each other’s company. There’s a lot they should talk about, but for now? For now, it’s just them.
The more he dwelled on it the more the words rang true to him. He had so much left to do, left to see, left to experience. He hadnt fallen in love, hadnt traveled far and wide as he had dreamed. He had studied and worked but nothing more. The taste of alcohol was foreign to his lips, his virginity evident to any who attempted to flirt with him. He truly was not ready, not yet.
“Cas, is that really you?” his voice cracked and his eyes widened with hope. Cas couldn’t help the smile that broke through his face and he quickly wrapped his arms around his son again. He felt Jack sag in relief against him as he wound his arms around his father as tightly as he could.
Dean and Sam both still believe he did not hear them that night. While he might have been immensely inebriated, his grace was still present in the room, he could still hear the murmurs and whispers of what Dean fondly calls 'angel radio', as well as his favorite brothers talking over his comatose body.
Back in the car, Sam had already started to do some research on his phone. “I'm checking all the usual channels and so far it seems like seven young children have gone missing in the span of 5 months.”
, Cas thinks.
“Sanabria. My name is Crystal Sanabria.” She extends a hand towards them and they shake it. “Can I get you anything?”
Gabriel noticed his staring and interrupted his thoughts. "Let me stop you right there little bro, if you want to learn anything about angels you should just forget what you used to believe. Humans are not really able to witness are true forms without being....overwhelmed. This is why we wear vessels.'' As if to emphasize, Gabriel looked down his body, brushing off some candy crumbs from his shirt. Castiel looked on in wonder, he turned towards the skyline, the sun setting slowly in the distance. Everything seemed so surreal. He raised his arms and felt the wind brush past them, his warm trench-coat keeping him warm.  His mind was reeling, though he was happy to be alive once more he still felt some regret. he wondered what Heaven was like and was being back really that worth it? What would he do? Why was all this happening to him?
She wipes the small tears away using her sleeve. She takes the crayons from the angel and starts to draw on a piece of paper in front of her. After a while, the shapes and colors start to take shape. She is by water, but then she isn’t. She wakes up in a dark, wet place alone save for the toy she tried to save from the water. Everything around her is rough, mossy stone and water.
''You can live wherever you like, do whatever you like and meet whoever you like but you must never reveal yourself as an angel.You cannot use your powers in public, no flying, the whole she-bang. Got it?'
” This time they all heard it. A heart-shattering plea for help from what sounded like a frightened little girl. They were close. Dean and Sam turned off their lights, in order to get a better grip on their knives. Using the light from the angel’s flashlight they walked in front of Jack and Cas, trying to locate the exact origin of the plea. Suddenly, Jack stopped moving and pointed his flashlight directly in front of him. He stood frozen as he stared at what was on the other end. There was a small child, trembling on the cave floor, holding up a hand to shield her eyes from Jack’s light. Sam quickly stowed his weapon away and rushed to the little girl’s side. He tried his best to soothe her. It was hard to make out her features in the dark, but judging by her clothes and the missing posters with her picture, Sam confirmed that they had found Ella, one of the last kids to be taken. Even from where he was standing, Jack could see the brand on the girl’s shoulder. Two bloody circles and a line cutting through them. They had finally found
By the end of the meeting they got up and as Jimmy shook Dean's hand he had to hold back a gasp at how soft his hands were. But not too soft and WHAT THE HELL WINCHESTER. WAKE UP. You are thinking about a man's hands? That's a bit too far. Dean managed to mutter a goodbye and watched as Jimmy left out the door.
Castiel looked around the room, adjusting to his new senses, everything still seeming brighter...but he was getting used to it. He looked at his new vessels arms.. his hands went up to feel his face.. a slight stubble growing on his chin. It was surreal how...human he seemed. He was suddenly snapped out of his trance when Gabriel called out to him.
“Cas-” Dean begins, but is cut off by the feel of Cas squeezing his hand.
It took him an embarrassingly long time to realize he not only followed Heaven's orders, he had also started to follow Dean's.
Jack took a deep breath and could almost taste the delicious pizzas from their favorite store in town. There was nothing that quite hit the spot like Ronny’s. “Yeah, I can't wait to get back already. I'm starving!” Jack smiled, as he switched on the turn lights to indicate he was going to make a right onto the familiar road that led them home.
. Jack, on the other hand, seemed to be content with looking out the window with utter fascination.
Gabriel smiled at the angel. "No tricks...But there is something else."
“I will reason with them” Cas assures.
Sam chuckled as he stared amusedly at his brother’s slowly reddening face. Dean sputtered and coughed as he tried to recollect what was left of his heart that was pounding against his chest. They had kissed the night Cas disappeared and again now, but
“Cas,” a faint but familiar voice said from within the pitch-black wall. Far away at first, but then repeating itself a little more firmly. It almost sounded like... No..
“No.” The moment the word left the hunter’s mouth, Dean could see the fear and doubt come into Castiel’s eyes.
“Good morning Dean.” He whispers through a soft smile. His voice sends shivers down Dean’s spine. Shivers he would much rather ignore.
Dean was able to reach the child in time and saw the boy’s eyes go from glossed over to normal. Dean turned towards the bathroom and saw Cas standing in the doorway. He gave Dean a thumbs up. The child’s parents finally noticed that he was gone and they ran towards the hunter with panic in their eyes. Dean raised his hands defensively. “He’s okay, my uh” He paused to look at Cas who came up to join him. “My partner and I noticed your kid was running off without you. Thought we should tell him to come back.”
Castiel memorised both images, searching to find a resemblance between the two brothers, as was typical with humans, yet he found none. It made a strange feeling blossom inside him, one that he usually reserved for those white doors he was always so tempted by: Curiosity. Before he could get too lost in thought, Zachariah continued.
expect
“That’s the thing. No bodies have turned up yet. The local police actually think they might still be alive.” Sam muttered as he kept scanning different webpages on his phone.
This time, though, he knew the answer.
At the angel’s words, Dean was instantly reminded of that moment nearly seven years ago when he had asked a very similar question to a previously brainwashed Cas.
Dean had woken up again a few minutes ago and he already could hear the rest of the tree bustling with activity. His brother, Sam, had come to say hi before leaving to hang out with Eileen, another middle ornament that he could tell his brother was quite fond of. It was nice, to see Sam live out some semblance of happiness, even if it was only for a brief period of time each year. Dean himself was getting ready to head out on his yearly rounds. He would probably visit his mother, Ellen, Jo and Bobby. If he had some time to spare, he might go find his dad over with the lower ornaments. It had been a couple years since he saw him. He knew he should go, yet he couldn’t bring himself to move. He always had the same routine, every single year. Dean was bored.
“I love you” Dean murmured, a single tear running down his face. “I love you so much”
Cas was human once again. More importantly, Cas was finally free. The weight he had felt over his entire being for so long, was finally lifted. There was no reason to hide, no more secrets between him and the Winchesters. He no longer owed anything to anyone and by Chuck, Castiel was truly free for the first time in his life.
“Alright-” Sam began to spare his brother and brother-in-law, “There are definitely some things we need to talk about.” He turned to face the angel and pointed at his left arm. “Cas, do you know what the weird symbols on your skin mean?”
“Very funny Cas, uh let's dig in!” Dean shouted a little louder than he needed to as he opened the first box and the delicious smell of the pizza flooded the room, making Jack’s mouth water. It made him forget all about the joke he did not get. The boy grabbed a slice and a beer before he settled in his usual seat next to Sam.
Jack smiled at the sight of his fathers finally coming to their senses and doing something about their obvious attraction. Any innocent bystander may have mistaken his grin for child-like happiness and wonder. That bystander wouldn’t have seen Sam slide a $20 bill into Jack’s palm, amused resignation on his face as he mouthed “You win.”
After their afternoon spent kite-flying, the four boys returned to their home away from home. Jack was tired from the long day and had called dibs on the shower of his and Sam’s shared room. Sam had decided to keep working on the case along with Cas and Dean. Which is how they ended up in their current arrangement: Sam sat in the hotel’s dining table, looking through local case files and lore on his computer. Dean was scanning the television under the guise of ‘keeping up with the local news. (If by local news he meant Scooby-Doo reruns) and Cas was on dinner duty.
“I’m not even a damn millennial.” Dean had grumbled, putting up a useless fight against those damn puppy eyes. That is how they had ended up in their current situation. The four of them, Team Free Will 2.0, gathered around the war room table laughing uncontrollably at the prompts they kept placing on the table in front of them.
A/N: Okay so I have to apologize for the last chapter and clear some things up. Just a disclaimer, this story is a work in progress for me, though I have the major plot points worked out so please bear with me.
The ice cream parlor was a short drive from their hotel. They arrived to find several families sitting in front of the parlor enjoying their delicious, cold treats on a hot summer’s day. It was like a scene from a fifties movie. When they walked into the parlor, they were immediately hit by the delicious smell of warm waffle cones. Most of the tables were occupied by couples smiling and feeding each other ice cream sundaes. Dean and Cas stood out like a sore thumb.
Cas rolled his eyes, but couldn’t keep his smile from lighting up his whole face. He drew his chair closer to the hunter’s and reached for the slice. Cas held the pizza close to his face and took a huge bite which oozed delicious cheese all over his face. Even as he gave the slice back to Dean, the cheese stretched along refusing to be cut.
“What if I wasn’t an angel?” Cas questioned, his voice drenched with renowned hope, “if I wasn’t an angel, I would go somewhere else for sure”. He had no delusions that Heaven would take him, but anything beat having to come to this empty wasteland.
Sam spit out his beer and coughed violently. He certainly did
” Dean had whispered with tears in his eyes.
She leads them both to the back room. There are two other detectives talking hurriedly to each other. It’s all Spanish, and Dean can’t follow a thing they are saying. There’s a huge board in front of them with pictures of the missing kids and the locations they were last seen. Their conversation comes to a halt once Dean and Jack walked into the room.
“So, Cas” Jack asked through the silence, “did you like it?”
“Wait, if you’re sleeping tonight where the hell am I supposed to sleep?” Dean inquired incredulously, barely meeting the half-naked angel’s eyes.
. This one hurt something awful. It was one thousand sorrows compressed into one. That memory was the most vivid as it tightened around his chest, and squeezed. That memory was a broken heart.
After Becky left, Chuck took the Dean figurine and placed him further down the tree. The real Cas and Dean of this world had become virtually inseparable. Still, that didn’t mean that every version of them had to be. In fact, maybe this world was slowly slipping away from his grasp, but Chuck still had the power to fuck with these small figurines. Perhaps that is why, after Becky left him to his own devices with the tree, Chuck decided to enact his revenge. Before he went to bed that Christmas Eve, he whispered a single incantation towards the tree.
The first choice: “
When Castiel met Sam Winchester, it was nothing like he expected it to be either. He had glanced into Dean's mind, seen Sam through his eyes, but he was still not prepared for the sweet and kind soul he met that day, the day he had been assigned to stop the raising of Samhain. To him, Sam was the boy with the demon's blood, Lucifer's true vessel. In Heaven, Sam was considered dangerous if left unchecked, but when Castiel shook his hand, he felt no danger. Sam Winchester was a kind man, just like his brother.
“I appreciate the concern Sam, but I assure you I am fine.” he gave the hunter’s hand a gentle squeeze before removing it from his shoulder. He walked towards the bunker’s bedrooms, leaving a befuddled hunter in his wake.
And just like that, it did. For a second at least. Then the memories came back in full force, punching the breath out of his imagined lungs. There was no physical body in the Empty. Souls were left bare, struggling to remain in the shape of the vessel they had last adhered to. Another painful reminder of how they tried fruitlessly to hold on to their life. To save what remained of  themselves.
Every single important event in Heaven, was held in the Grand Hall. Such as committee gatherings, training sessions, leadership ascension ceremonies and other similar activities. Sometimes, however, the council would use it for their meetings between their soldiers. These rare meetings  usually focused on announcing tasks and missions to each garrison. Normally, Castiel would be among the first to arrive and the last to leave. Yet, here he was, gasping and heaving as he finally reached the great oak doors, just as they were beginning to close.
“Cas, look! This one has bees!” Before the boy had finished his sentence, Cas was already hovering next to him, eager to catch a glimpse of his long-lost friends. The bees were frolicking from one petal to the next, shaking off the pollen they had picked up along the way. They seemed utterly unbothered by the presence of humans, perfectly content in their own little paradise.
“You are not allowed to take these out of the bags. Are you insane?” Carlos yells at Jack, ripping the bear out of his hands. Dean steps between them, his hands held up in order to placate the raging investigator.
The room went silent. Cas and Sam looked eagerly towards Dean who had been effectively stunned. The only time he had let the kid drive was when he was dying. All of them knew this, and it was why the following words came as a shock even to Dean.
Silence. Blissful silence.
“What’s up Sammy?” Dean answers with surprisingly no sleep-induced grumble. Huh, he expected them to be sleeping by now. Weird. He shakes his head and reminds himself of the task at hand. “Get over here, now. I think I have a lead.”
Dean rolled his eyes, “Well, it ain’t every day that an angel admits they were checking you out, buddy.” He pulled himself up next to Cas and was pleased to find the angel blushing.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“YOU SHOULD NOT BE HERE” the entity snapped as it expanded, tripled its size, and loomed over the angel.
“...You. I was staring at you.” A sudden silence came over them, Dean stunned at the angel’s blunt admission. His cheeks began to warm and he couldn’t meet Castiel’s gaze.
Sam could barely contain his laughter as he saw the situation his antics had gotten his brother into. “You, uh, need me to get a knife or something?” he managed to ask through his wails.
“Since when do you need to stretch your legs Cas?” Dean asked raising his brow. Cas met his eyes through the rearview mirror.
“What about yesterday?” Sam questioned as he made his way to get his beer that had been left on the table. He takes a swig.
CHRISTMAS EVE, 6:46 PM
Even now, as he was being worshipped at the altar of his literary representation of the Winchester's lives, everything around him felt hollow. Chuck only ever craved one thing: control. That had disappeared the day that Castiel, angel of the lord, waltzed into his living room and uttered the words “We are making it up as we go.” That was
Castiel’s brain went into overdrive,
"Calm down, bro. Just give me a minute and I will explain"
"What happened, where am I? Who am I? Who are you? Why am I here?"
“Cas- maybe” Sam tried to intervene, but Cas shot him a stern look that practically screamed ‘back off’. He needed to get this off his chest.
After their brief stint in the forest, they had driven back into town and dropped the children off at the central police station. They had managed to convince the officers that they had managed to track the children down to that specific cave “on a hunch.” The boys weren’t sure if the cops bought the story because they were convincing enough, or if the cops were just desperate enough to bring the children home. None of that mattered. What mattered was the fact that the children were standing in the station now, being hugged by their loved ones because they had saved them.
Dean stared out the window for a while, enjoying a sight he rarely ever got to see. Being the driver has its perks, but sometimes it makes you miss out on some pretty wonderful sights. As he watched the trees pass them by, he found himself staring at the few stars that littered the night sky beyond them.
, Miss…?” he trailed off.
“Think of it as unwrapping a present, I certainly am,” Cas smirked as he bit slightly harder against the hunter’s neck, eliciting a surprised moan from Dean. The hunter’s hands found their way under Cas’s thighs and used the leverage to prop the former angel up onto the kitchen counter, earning a hungry look from Cas as he linked his ankles behind Dean’s back and brought the hunter’s body closer to him.
“Cas, are you okay? CAS!” the boy’s voice broke on the last syllable. His eyes wide and scared. He looked as terrified as Dean had looked every time he had held Cas in his arms as he died.
Cas rolled his eyes, his smile growing slightly, “I think we both know I wasn’t referring to the pizza” his voice had dropped an entire octave which only made the warmth in Dean’s chest spread further.
Cas's eyes widened at the admission of a feeling he had never thought himself worthy of.  He turned to look at Sam, hoping he hadn't just imagined the whole thing. He found the tall hunter smiling knowingly at his brother, but a hint of surprise still evident in his features.
“Dean-” the angel interrupts. “I know where we can get the blood.”
After the strange encounter with his brother, Dean stumbled back towards his bed. He had to start waking Cas up, they didn’t have long before they had to leave. The notoriously non-morning angel was breathing softly under the covers, his eyelids fluttering occasionally. The morning light was starting to stream through the room’s window, falling delicately on his features. He looked every bit the angelic being he was supposed to be.
Cas smiled as he helped serve the others, before settling in his usual spot right next to Dean. They were all a couple slices in, before the true shenanigans began. As they had eased into easy conversation about some cowboy movie that Dean was insisting Cas should see, Sam devised a plan. One that might just make two oblivious idiots realize they were perfect for each other. He knew it was wishful thinking, but hey, even card games got old after a while.
"What's your name, bro?" the man had materialized a lolipop and was now enjoying as if nothing was strange about this conversation. Castiel hesitated but spoke: "My.. My name is Castiel"
“Wow, the temperature dropped a solid 5 degrees!” Sam exclaimed, turning his phone towards his brother’s face.
“Servitude? What, so whoever took the kids was looking for a couple of handmaidens?” Dean looked between them, his fists clenched at his side. The thought of someone taking innocent children was bad enough, but making them slaves? Something about Cas’s face alerted Dean that there was something else.
“Jack has brought a lot to our lives. Love, family, vulnerability.” His hand was still on the hunter’s shoulder. It was warm and reassuring. “So it’s not all bad.” Cas angled his face towards Dean, silently asking him to meet his gaze. Much akin to the moment they shared in heaven’s green room what seemed like eons ago. The hunter did just that. When their eyes met a certain comfort went through both of them. Dean’s eyes softened and a small smile crept on his face.
After his training Dean was feeling great. The adrenaline was still running though him like an after shock and he would deny if anyone said he purred as he got behind the wheel of his Baby. A jet black Chevy Impala '67 that shone as he drove down the road. Rock music blasting on the speakers and the smell of leather inside the car made Dean feel at home.
"You see, as they are now, humans are of no harm to us, at least not traditionally. However, we have been made aware of two humans in particular, who could possibly represent a threat or an advantage to us." Zachariah said, as he paced in front of the stage, his hands clutched tightly behind his back, which only made his vessel's large stomach more evident. Castiel snickered as he saw the buttons of the angel's shirt clinging for dear life. Hannah shot him a deadly look, and just like that he was concentrating once again.
“Well, uh. I remembered that you mentioned you wanted to see a sunset on the trip.” The hunter shifts nervously, his hand rubbing at the back of his neck. He gently lays the picnic blanket on the clearing floor, nervously smoothing down the edges. “I found this place a couple days ago, and-” He shrugs.
Dean’s heart flutters dangerously, his expression disbelieving. “You know I’m not allowed up there, Cas.”
, he thought,
“I'm not hungry” Dean refused, not bothering to even look at the food. He could smell it as it slowly took over the room.
He took Cas into his mouth and couldn’t help but moan at the taste. Cas didn’t taste like a human. He tasted like the air right before it rains, like the electricity in a thunderstorm, like a million waves crashing on the nearby sand. Dean couldn’t get enough of it. He bobbed his head up and down, encouraged by the angel’s small moans and whimpers. Cas’s head was thrown back on the pillow, just enjoying the sensations. Just as Dean was starting to gather a good rhythm, Cas’s hips buckled underneath him and pushed his cock a little further down his throat. Dean choked a bit, but even as he pulled back, he felt a shot of electricity run down his spine.
Castiel nodded understanding his mission. After downing his drink, Balthazar stood and looked at Castiel as if he was examining his looks closely. "Oh you'll be perfect for it too. Your eyes are a plus, the dirty trenchcoat? Well, it will do I guess. Good luck Cassie"
He remembers thinking about it, while he waited for Dean on that cold, dark road. As the hours passed, wondering if something had maybe gone wrong. He can recall the nagging itch that went down to his very core, that insistent itch that made him suspect Dean wasn't safe.
“So much for helping with research,” Dean chuckled and went back to his books.
Just as he got ready to leave and start his usual round of visits, something shiny at the edge of his vision caught his eye. It moved quickly past him and hurtled downwards until it hit the floor with a solid thud. He leaned over the edge to try and find what had fallen. It took Dean a moment to realize what he was seeing. Laying there on the ground was their angel from the top of the tree. Castiel.
"Yes, you heard me. Sam and Dean Winchester are from now on to be considered one of Heaven's assets. Why? Well, my fellow brothers and sisters, here behind me lie the pictures of the true vessels for our friendly archangel brothers: Michael and Lucifer."
Chuck often wondered what his life would have turned out like if he had never decided to dabble in the literary arts. To the false prophet, his life ended the day he wrote “Supernatural” on his empty Word document. He had created everything, yet no creation had ever cursed him more than writing the Winchesters into existence.
Both Dean and Castiel quickly learned that getting back up the tree was ten times harder than coming down. It was also taking five times longer. With each branch they climbed they knew, logically, that they were closer to the top. Yet, stuck between the endless white wall and the deep green of the tree, both ornaments felt there would be no end to their climbing.
“You asked me not to,” Cas responds with a look of pure devotion, his tone soft and warm. The hunter is stunned into silence as he remembers that night under the light post. A memory from years ago.
Castiel sighed. He knew something like this would happen. He steeled himself, preparing for the news. "What else?"
Jack stood by the car, looking at his dad as Dean made his way to the bunker door and completely ignored what he had tried to tell him. This was going to be a long night.
Cas returned to the table holding two ice cream pops. He slid the chocolate one towards Dean, actually intent on having the hunter try it. Dean met Cas’s eyes and tilted his head towards the family close to them. “Those two seem about six years old right?”
“Well, yes I knew he loved him. But Dean loves you and me too. I didn’t realize it was a different kind of love at first. Not until yesterday.” Jack added with a small smile.
“Were the kids in the water when they vanished?” Jack asks, turning his attention towards the boxes of evidence on the other side of the room.
Follow Me:
From the front of the store, a young man stopped cleaning the tables and ran towards the counter. He stared at Dean for a couple seconds before facing her. “
“Very well” the entity had muttered, and somehow, even through this insurmountable pain, Cas knew.
“Thank you, that won’t be a problem, Mrs. Sanabria. We will take this at whatever pace she wants to set.” Cas replies as they both stand to follow her to Maria’s room.
“May I help you?” the angel asked as he reached for a towel and started drying the dishes. Dean stared at him dumbfounded, but shrugged it off and went back to his dishes. They worked in silence for a while, only the sound of clinking dishes between them.
“A couple of months probably. I don’t know man, I ain’t a cop. They just ask to put up the posters and I let them.” The cashier didn’t meet their eyes anymore. He kept cleaning the countertop in front of them, his interest in Dean seemingly lost.
“This doesn’t have to be the end”, Cas mutters, still staring firmly ahead.
___________________________
Mirna.” With that, he turned towards the exit with a smile. Today would be a good day.
Castiel took the blade in his hand. Twirling it around almost naturally, though he had never handled a sword before in his life. He suddenly felt a power rush through him, like he could do anything. He swung at the air close to Gabriel's face. He smiled at the archangel's surprise.
Dean nodded "Alright, sounds fun let's see what good old Jimmy has to say?" He grinned and leaned his legs on the desk in front of him, making Charlie frown playfully and push them off again.
“I wasn’t checking you out” Cas murmured petulantly, “I was merely admiring your existence?” He finished in a questioning tone.
He would find out later, just how right he had been.
"Shut up," Dean growled. "Let me make this simple for you Cas. You may be an angel, but you are much more than that to us. To me."
Jack turned to face the hunter with a toothy smile. “It’s just so much sweeter than the coffee we get at the bunker. Can we take some of this home?” His voice squeaked, and it was details like that which made Sam forget he was talking to anything other than an innocent child. Just a child, not an angel that killed his… A small, sharp pain struck his heart at the thought. It was best not to think of her at times like this.
Because that is what the parties were. Work opportunities set up by his ridiculous manager Garth. "A chance to meet up with sponsors" he says and Dean wishes he could just go along with it. The problem was that Dean has always been popular... Which came at the price of drunk men and women throwing themselves at him the first chance they got. And he was tired.
Dean, on the other hand, was uncharacteristically quiet. He was sitting next to Cas, looking at the argument unfold between his brother and his son with a small smile. He seemed to be lost in thought, but there was a twinkle in his eyes that made his smile stand out even more. Cas couldn’t help staring at him, not only because he was beautiful, but because it was rare that he ever got to see this side of Dean. Judging by the state he had been when he arrived back at the bunker, Cas assumed that it had been a while since he had smiled at all.
.’ It's a brand new ice cream parlor in San Juan. It seems like a place that would attract a considerable amount of children and well...”
Gabriel picked up some sand from the box. His never ending grin on his face. Some sand ran through his fingers. Castiel stared intently as if the sand held all the answers he was looking for. Gabriel looked up at the angel and materialized a blade from thin air. The angel recoiled scared now of the archangel.
"We had an appointment" Cas replies, the hint of a smile on his lips. Dean smiles back, his soul seemingly glowing in front of Cas. He feels Dean reach out to grasp his shoulder, a tender squeeze to emphasize his words.
“I could get used to this view,” Dean says, turning his attention back to the angel.
to know. Within a few more steps, he found himself at the doorstep he never thought he would see again. Against his better judgement, he knocked. There was no answer, and a panicked fear went through him, settling loudly in his heart. He reached up and knocked again, hard enough to make the metal door rattle. The next few seconds were filled with slowly mounting dread, the blood rushing in his ears and a heavy pit settling in his stomach. The former angel rested his forehead against the cool metal, fighting the tears that threatened to spill out of him.
Cas was the first to stir. He felt detached from his vessel, his grace fighting to bring him back from his involuntary sleep. Sam and Jack’s voices briefly registered, but they seemed thousands of miles away from him. His entire body seemed to burn from a strong heat that was coming from his arm. He slowly opened his eyes to find a bright light that shone above him. Jack’s blurry face came into view, and his voice got louder.
“Uh...you alright?” Dean said lamely, trying to fill the silence between them.
The angel rolled his eyes again and burrowed further into his side of the bed. “We have a long day ahead, sleeping on the couch won’t do you any good and you don’t have keys to Sam’s room. It's just sleep, Dean.”
Castiel could not meet her eyes, which meant that she had her answer. Hannah sighed and turned to face forward, just as the Council leader began to speak. At the sound of the man's echoing voice, Castiel looked up.
Sam’s frown deepened, and he placed the bowl on the left nightstand next to the bed. He turned to sit next to his brother when he noticed a stain of what seemed like…
As she speaks and slowly works through telling her side of the story, Cas translates for Sam. “I was at the beach with my
Cas had muttered into the comfortable silence between them. Such a simple, yet meaningful phrase. A small assurance that everything was going to be okay. They were finally on the same page. Dean could feel the soft fibers of Cas’s trench coat against his palms, and he couldn’t help but spread them a bit further. Cas looked at him as if Dean had hung the moon just for him, like he wasn’t the literal angel between the both of them.
Dean’s gaze drops to the floor, before slowly rising up to meet Cas’s eyes once again, a small grin on his face. “Well, what can I say Sammy? Cas and I have been over this already. You’re the one who needs to catch up.” he adds a wink for good measure. Cas returns his gaze, looking at the hunter like he had hung the moon for him.
As he began buttoning his slate gray shirt  and jeans, he took one final glance in the mirror. He had it all, women, money, fame... Everything he had ever wanted. Why did he always look so.. Troubled? It's not like he lead an Apple Pie life when he was young, Hell no, a drunk, dead-beat, abusive dad and moving from motel to motel surely did not make him the poster boy of happiness. However, he had grown out of that, he was 24 years old now, old enough to grow out of his daddy issues.
This chapter begins with some suicide ideation and self-harm in the first part of the chapter. Continue after the first break if you want to skip that.
Also to make some things clear:
Cas takes a moment to take the other man in. Dean’s face is framed by his tousled, blonde hair and stubble. His freckles stand out like stars on a clear night sky and Cas finds himself lost in them again. The weight of his feelings have been lifted off his shoulders. He is fondly reminded of Dean singing like he was “walking on air” when he thought no one else could hear him. That is exactly how Castiel feels at this moment. Angel of the Lord, fallen from Heaven, feeling like he was flying for the very first time. Dean has yet to move away from him, and a part of Cas hopes that it means he can feel this too. The raw energy between them. He was willing to do anything for the Winchesters. He would do anything for Dean.
The sound of a phone ringing pulled him out of his train of thought. He stalked towards his phone, dreary of whom the caller might be... His suspicions were confirmed. "What do you want Garth?" He rasped, far harsher than he had meant.
Have fun everybody and until next time :)
Cas opens his mouth as if to speak, but hesitates. Eventually, he gives in. “I saw an advertisement for a ‘
“Sam, I think we might have a lead on the creature,” Cas says a little too loudly into the phone.
, he had no way of telling time in this oblivion. He was surrounded by the eternal sea of darkness that was the Empty’s depths, away from the surface he had once come to recognize as grimly familiar.
Sam held him through it, muttering comforting words in his brother’s ear. They were mostly nonsense, but they had helped him when he lost Jess, so he imagined they would help now. Dean eventually ran out of tears, leaving a dry-heaving hunter in their wake. His eyes were closed shut, his face contorted into a permanent frown. Sam gathered his brother into his arms and let him rest against his chest until his breathing evened out, and Dean collapsed into a reluctant sleep. Sam waited until there were slight snores coming from his brother before settling him against his pillows and tucking him in. If he was awake, he would have growled at Sam that he wasn’t a child. But, right now it was just them and Dean didn’t have to pretend anymore, he just needed to rest.
He remembers watching Dean uncover the mark on his arm, seeing the confused and horrified look on his face. Though, for Castiel, that moment meant so much more than it ever did to Dean. That was the first time Castiel had left his mark of existence on Earth. Something concrete that a human could see and feel. Yet, he was still too far away to appreciate it. The knowledge of that started a small ache in Castiel's grace, one that would only grow and grow as the years went by.
A black, oozing goo that was slowly enveloping the ground underneath Cas’s form. The hunter tried to reach for his angel’s arm when Cas turned into nothing right at his fingertips. Leaving behind nothing, but goo and two confused hunters in his wake.
"Hello, my name is Jimmy, you are?"
“Well, yeah three times by my count. That I know of at least. Why?” Sam sits down on the bed facing his son.
Some angels grimaced at the thought of such an awful place, while others just stared ahead, boredom evident in their faces. A couple rows ahead of him he saw Raphael. Though he normally didn't pay much attention to these meetings, Castiel noted that he was sitting at the edge of his seat, seemingly enraptured by Zachariah's report. Hannah's face betrayed nothing, but he knew how she felt about Hell, and decided it was best not to question her.
Their eyes met briefly and they could each see the effect they had on each other. Dean was flushed a brilliant pink from the tip of his nose, all the way down his chest. His freckles traced a beautiful path down to his crotch that Cas wanted to trace with his tongue. He slowly moved one of his hands and grabbed onto the hunter’s cock, feeling the weight of it in his hands for the first time and giving it a tentative pull. “Is this alright?” the angel asked, watching as his lover threw his head back slightly before nodding his approval.  Cas teased along the side of his member, licking his way from base to tip with his tongue before pulling back and smirking at the hunter’s whimper. “I need to hear you say it Dean.” he teased.
The loud thump of the trunk of their car closing startled the angels, making them snap out of their little flower expedition. Still, as they stood, Cas and Jack shared a look and smiled at each other. Lost in their own father-son bonding activity.
Gabriel nodded while he ate the candy bar he had materialized. "You didn't think this angel mojo was for free right?'' He said around a mouthful of candy.
“By you not being an angel anymore” Jack interrupted, his voice hushed, like he was afraid he had spoken out of turn. Cas’s eyes fell to the floor as his gaze darkened, he didn’t speak, only nodded in agreement. He was grieving a part of himself, just as much as Dean had grieved him. Only that part of himself was truly gone, he was going to be human for the rest of his now numbered days.
The loud clanging of the bunker doors alerted Sam and Cas that the food had arrived, along with the rest of their makeshift family. Sam put down the book he had picked up and helped his brother carry the pizzas to the war room table. Dean looked around and noticed Cas didn’t seem to be around.
“Well Cas, it looks like we are getting close to the end of our little field trip”, Dean joked, trying to come across as nonchalant, but failing miserably.
“Well, yes. You see she goes by different names depending on the country she inhabits. Here in Puerto Rico, she’s ‘
“I am here because of Cas.” Jack stated, and closed his eyes as he braced himself for the screaming he knew was sure to come. “Cas made a deal with the Empty: his life, for mine”.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean flinched at the nickname Garth insisted on calling him. Garth was a nice enough guy, Dean just has never gotten along with rays of sunshine.
“Come on Jack, you have some flying to do. I can help you get started.” He said as he unrolled the bundle, and handed the string to the boy. He guided him through the basic principle, and as usual, Jack was great at picking up new things. New hobbies and passions for kite-flying included.
Castiel stopped in his tracks, looking at the other angel, puzzled. "Mission?" he asked.\
"Thank you, Cas. For everything" The hunter murmured against his friend's coat. Small tears started to pool on Cas's shoulder as Dean's face pressed closer to it. Sam came forward, a huge smile on his teary-eyed face and he hugged them as well. Stuck between his favorite brothers in the world, Cas couldn't help but feel liberated.
He closed the gap between them, and the moment their lips touched, Dean felt a sun’s warmth burn inside him. Eleven years of waiting for this moment. Eleven years of
Dean turned to his boyfriend and held out his hand as an invitation for him to join him on the food run. It was a simple gesture, yet it still made butterflies settle in Cas’s chest at the thought of spending some time alone with the hunter. Cas smiled and took his hand and refused to let go until they had made their way to the Impala waiting in the garage.
“What does it say?” Sam asks, not taking his eyes off the menu in his hands.
Sam roared with amusement as he won yet another round. Jack tried to comfort Dean who had yet again been bested by his damn political nerd of a brother.  However, there was only so much fun a hunter could take before the hunger striked.
The girl’s smile widened as she looked between Cas and Dean knowingly (almost approvingly?) and left to place their orders in the kitchen. Once Cas turned back to the table, he found the shocked faces of two hunters and his son staring at him like he had grown a third head. His brow furrowed and his head tilted as he asked, “What? I believe ‘boyfriend’ is still the correct term for two male romantic partners, correct?”
The angel turns to look at his friend, laying the leaf down between them. “Of course, Dean. Anything.”
His head snapped back to Dean when he felt the hunter grab hold of his hand. The angel looked from their joined hands to Dean's face and saw what he had seen in Hell so many years ago. The blinding soul that shined so bright with hope and love, something that could never be dimmed.
Cas smiles and reaches to cup Dean’s cheek in his hand. “So could I.”
“Of course,” Cas responds without hesitation and goes through. After walking a little further, they come to a small clearing away from the rest of the crowd. The trees form a thin canopy that keeps the clearing in a cool shade. The shore is right in front of them now, and Cas walks towards it and dips his hand in the water. “Why are we here, Dean?”
------------------------------------------
Dean thought bitterly- some nasty ideas.
Dean is about 26 and Sam is 24 (he started his studies early yes because he's a genius)
“And what does that have to do with you suddenly realizing personal space is a thing?” Dean probes. “What about today huh? With the ice cream and the staring?”
She grabs hold of another paper that Sam provides and keeps drawing. The picture she draws now is different. She can hear a voice, like music coming from deeper in the cave. She got closer to it and saw… a woman? The drawing looks vaguely like a woman, which she draws wearing all white. The girl draws what looks like tears in the woman’s face. The sound is coming from her, but now Cas isn’t sure if the sound was music or crying. The woman gets closer to Maria. She’s holding something in her left hand, something long and sharp.
Cas was about to ask what was wrong when Jack beat him to it, “you need to go see Dean,” he explained as he led him through the labyrinth of the bunker’s hallways and made straight for Dean’s room.
“Do you want some hel-'' Sam began but was interrupted by Dean rushing out of the room. A pregnant pause permeated in the air. “Guess not,” he muttered, mirroring Cas’s confusion. The three hunters sat confused by the war room table, each with the same thought in mind.
With a sigh, Dean uncaps the glass bottle they had found in Sam’s room and sets it next to his feet. He makes sure that it is within easy reach of his friend’s soon to be injured arm. He places the knife across Cas’s forearm and hesitates. He lets his eyes roam towards his friend’s face and meets his eyes. A silent question, permission, brewing behind his gaze. The angel nods and takes a deep breath as Dean pushes the blade against his skin. He curses and reaches quickly for the bottle to avoid making too much of a mess. He supposes they should have done this over a sink, not on his bed. He wishes they didn’t have to bleed Cas. He hated causing his friend pain. Yet, he knew they had a case to solve.
With a faint smile, Cas leaned closer until his lips touched Dean's. Saying in a brief touch, more than he could ever voice. Though he knew, he still needed to try and he had a lifetime ahead to do just that.
“We have known each other for a decade. We have survived Heaven, Hell, and Purgatory together. Yet, you still insist on your precious personal space.” Every word resonated through the mattress and found its way to Dean.
So he decided to do something he had never dared to do before. He decided to take some time for himself. He walked out towards the longest branch near his spot on the tree and sat with his legs dangling over the edge. He took a deep breath and reminisced on the brief life he had led. He looked out towards the rest of the living room and took in the small changes he could see had been made over the past year. A new recliner, a couple empty beer bottles on a table and a wastebasket full of crumpled pages which was fuller than usual. There had to be more to this life.
Dean is sitting next to the angel. He noticed Cas was staring at the table and followed his gaze. “Is the menu that interesting?”
“They are not yours. You stole them.” Dean prodded, trying to get closer to her. She turned to face the hunter again, but kept a close eye on Cas, rooting him to the spot.
Leaning back into the booth with a nonchalant expression, the stranger began: "My name is Balthazar love. It's nice to see you at last. Heard all sorts of talk about you, Castiel."
Before Dean could open the door to their room, Sam stopped him. “Maybe we should all meet up in my room and talk about… you know.” Sam questioned, and one glance at Jack told him he wasn’t the only one thinking it.
Cas closed his eyes at the feel of having Dean’s hands on him again. He felt closer to Dean than he ever had before. The pure intimacy of this moment made all the years of pining worth it. With more lube placed on his lover’s cock, Dean reached down to grab and guide Cas into him. The angel helped steady the hunter’s hips as he slowly felt himself penetrate his lover.
Before Dean could pose his theory, Jack interjected: “Dean’s love for Cas, and Cas’s blood on the blade broke it.” The hunters all turned to look at their son then, surprised by his intuition. “She tried to cast the bonding spell to finish building her army, but Dean and Cas’s devotion to each other got in the way and turned it into a romantic bond instead.”
And now, all he would have to do is sit back and watch as they suffered. Perhaps seeing if this Dean and Cas found a way back to each other could serve as an experiment for him. Maybe if he saw it happen up close, he could try to understand where he had gone wrong in the real world. If anything, it would be entertaining to see them struggle uselessly against a pointless existence. One of the other Dean Winchester’s of his parallel worlds had once told him that existence was a prison, but death was much worse. Dean hadn’t known how right he had been at the time. Existence could indeed be a prison, and death a tragic fate, but Chuck could make sure they never forgot that every prison has its solitary.
Angels believe in order. They were the force against chaos in the world. It would be 'unseemly' for one of his kind to be caught fraternizing with the human souls, unless strictly necessary.
Cas and Dean shared a worried, but knowing look. It seemed that this trip was going to be a little more than just kite flying. With a sigh, Dean picked up his phone and dialed Sam.
The ride from their hotel to Old San Juan was like taking a scenic ride on the surface of the moon. There were so many potholes in the road that a part of Dean felt like he was a cowboy from one of his beloved westerns. One look at Sam’s face while he was sitting in the passenger seat told him he wasn’t the only one that felt that way. The way he held himself against the car’s ceiling was almost comical. Dean tried his best to keep the car steady, but for the life of him, he could not fathom how locals drove on these roads every day.
As they paused to catch their breath, the couple stared into each other’s eyes. Cas tried to count the freckles he loved so much, and Dean just wanted to dive into the ocean of the angel’s eyes. The hunter let the warmth that coursed through his veins take over and whispered the words he had kept buried for eleven years.
“Oh, well then yes, of course he is,” Jack answered with unwavering conviction that made Dean almost believe it. They remained quiet for a while as the hunter mulled over Jack’s response.
--------------------------------------------------
"Dean please-," Cas looked down, afraid of the consequences of the words that might come next.
“You have freckles” Castiel whispered like it was some sort of divine revelation.
Dean shrugged as he turned towards his son, but could not quite meet his eyes. “Both, I guess?” he added when he realized Jack was still firmly looking at the road.
. And they’re just kids, man. ” His voice breaks on the last syllable.
“Please… don’t let me be late,” he whispered to any good being out there still willing to listen.
There was a slight buzzing coming from the wall now, Dean’s voice trying to reach him, but seemingly getting lost in the vast abyss. He was only able to make out one word, along with a sense of urgency: “Cas”.
“I don’t even know where to begin” the angel finally settled on before turning to walk towards the tree stump. Dean scrambled to follow the angel, trying to keep up with his brutal pace.
Cas’s smile reached from ear to ear. “I love you, Dean. Now and always.” Dean hummed contently, as he settled against his lover’s chest. They had to take a proper shower before going to talk to their family as they had promised. But for now? For now, Dean was in Cas’s arms, and he was finally, truly happy. No strings attached.
A deep frown littered Jack’s face, the effort it took to stay calm evident on his features, “The Empty had said that It would only come once Cas had finally allowed himself to be... happy.”
Their eyes met briefly as he said it, and Cas could feel the warmth inside him spread even more.
Cas shook his head gently. “No, thank you Sam. I'm alright.” he grinned as he pushed the box closer to his son. “Share it with Jack instead, I am sure he doesn’t mind,” he added with a wink in his son’s direction who looked at his father with pure adoration in his eyes before grabbing another slice for himself. That kid certainly took after Dean when it came to food.
“I typically don’t enjoy food as I used to when I was human,” his foot stilled, and he forced himself to meet the hunter’s eyes. He wanted to watch his reaction, and needed to know that he wasn’t delusional. “Yet, sharing a slice of pizza tonight with you… it felt like a revelation.”
, it’s a real favorite around here.” The kind woman wagged her finger at Dean like she was telling him off. She bent down to reach for the turnover-like pastries he had been staring at and put a couple in a white cardboard box. She looked up at him expectantly.
The first sigh: “
He admits it was not the most elaborate of poems but it always boosted his ego, if that even is possible anymore. Yeah, Dean had always been really popular which is why in moments like this he questioned where all his luck had gone?
“But first” The angel pushes the dessert closer to his friend. “Try this, it’s very delicious.” He takes his own ice cream and takes a sizeable bite from it.
The bar had been cozy, warm and had just the right kind of beer and pies. Yet, Cas had agreed with Dean, it had all felt wrong. Though in Cas’s eyes, Dean wasn’t the one that had failed, it was him. Cas was the one that deserved the punishment.
Zachariah had warned him, he had gone on and on about the intensity of the Righteous man's soul, but his mere words fell short of the actually experience. Castiel was frozen in place, completely enraptured by the soul's power, which emanated so strongly around him, even under all the years of torture it had endured.
Dean smiles and stands on the windowsill. He reaches out his hand to help Cas up, “Then, what are we waiting for?” he asks, illuminated by the afternoon glow filtering in the window.
“Cas, you dumb son of a bitch” he growled, punching that mocking stain between each syllable. Maybe if he hit the ground hard enough, he would be able to bust his angel out. Or maybe he would just break his hand in the process. Chuck knows he deserves it, so who cares, right?
“Not just servitude Dean.” He turned to face the hunter completely. “This mark was used in the gathering of armies. I’m afraid someone is gearing up for a fight.”
Dean considers in awe. The realization leaving him a little breathless. The hunter hears the soft shuffle of the angel moving towards him. The strong footsteps come to a halt behind him and Dean turns to face the angel. The blade forgotten in the sink.
HEY GUYS! Its been a while but feels really nice being able to update! So here without further ado.. the new chapter! (BARE WITH ME THIS PLOT IS A BIT LENGTHY)
With that they said their goodbyes and Dean got dressed and went to work.
. A scream tore out of his throat as he shot his grace out of his form and draped it around himself like he would have done with his wings so long ago.
The sun is starting to set and it paints the horizon in a warm, orange glow. The waves curl slowly over themselves in the distance, creating ripples of white foam at their base.
Sam was always a little more distant than Dean. Ironically, the demon-blood addict had been the one with the most faith in the angels and Heaven. In what they stood for, what they fought so hard for. From the very beginning, Sam showed faith in his power, in his mission. Yet, it almost felt like he had a hard time believing in Cas as an individual, instead of as an aspect of a more abstract concept of Heaven. Still, Sam was grateful for Cas saving his brother from Hell, a debt Sam felt he would never be able to repay.
“Sam is right, you should get some rest, Dean,” Cas said, taking the hunter’s book from him. He went around their room throwing away the empty beer bottles. It wasn’t often that he got to share a room with Dean, so he felt a strong need to keep everything tidy. His friend would never admit it, but he was a neat freak.
They all jumped at the sound that came from the backseat.
+++++++++
Adam made a surprised face and turned to grasp the new doctor’s hand. “Oh, thank God, you’re here. We need your help.” He vigorously shook hands with the stunned dark haired man.
“It’s very nice, you did beautiful work.” He said, looking up at the large, old beams that now supported the vast open spaces. “I can tell it was done with love and with an appreciation for the history of the homes.”
Dean closed his eyes and lay his head back picturing what it’d be like to be in bed with a pile of women. That’d have to be an awfully large bed or one of those exotic harem rooms with cushions and pillows everywhere. He imagined some type of “I Dream of Jeannie” bottle room filled with beds and women and beer and him laying in the middle of it. Arms and legs, hands and lips, breasts and butts, running all over his body.  He rubbed his dick through his pants and sighed.
“Don’t worry, Cassie, we’re not going home.” Gabriel sped up, rolling his window up.
Everyone was going to follow them back to the Bunker.
Amara turned to Castiel. “Now Castiel, you do the same. Just repeat what he said but switch your names.”
The twins waved back as they pet the happy dog. “We did,” Jack yelled back.
He grabbed a fresh cold water bottle from a little refrigerator under one end of his bathroom counters, then pulled out a clean washcloth and ran it under the faucet.  Michael slowly approached his sister who was sitting in a state of near-shock on the edge of his bed and gently wiped her face with the cool damp cloth. She finally looked at him and burst into tears anew, throwing herself against him and sobbing into his shoulder.
Castiel thought for a moment. “Perhaps you’re right Sam. We’ll wait for you.”
“My brother and I saw the entire thing. The two girls and one boy were joking around and teasing the Novak boy, Jack. I don’t know why they were teasing him, but they started name-calling and saying some very mean things that made him very upset. I was upset hearing it!” She held her palm against her heart, “so, I can imagine how upsetting it would’ve been to hear someone saying those things about me.” She looked at Jack. “Don’t worry, you did nothing wrong.”
“And the bad news?”
“Wow, look at that sky!” Castiel gasped as they got to the middle of the street. “We had pretty sunsets in the city, but this is just magnificent.”
normalcy occurred or that
“No, honey, you don’t have to be quiet about who you are or who you like. As far as talking about me, I’m still sort of thinking through that. For right now, I have no issues with anyone knowing I’m gay, but as far as going around and announcing it or talking about it in front of many people who are or may not be open to it, like perhaps some patients, I’m not sure. I think this is something we will talk about when we have our other discussion over the weekend.”
“Then we’ll find a way.”
“May I please have a drink of water? Please, I’m so thirsty.” Castiel looked over at his patient feeling awash in guilt.
What Michael did not expect as he closed the refrigerator door was for his mother and father to be standing in the kitchen looking at him with grave expressions.
“Sounds like the perfect place for you both.” Dean said then he hugged Adam and then Sam did too.
“Do you know who she belongs to? I’ve been—”
Gabriel gave her the once over. He wasn’t sure if she was actually disgusted or not, at first. And if she was disgusted, if it was with him liking Mr. Lion Mane or Mr. Lion Mane being interested in him.
Castiel nodded seriously. “I will think it over. Truly. It’s a difficult thing to say ‘No’ to Jack.”
“Ugh! I almost made it,” she laughed as she quickly stuffed $4 in the jar.
“These are from my brother’s shop. I thought you may be hungry for breakfast if you happened to sleep late or just that you may want to sample some of his wares.”
“Shhh. But no, not really, something supposedly akin and related, but not them.” Michael looked around the room suspiciously. “I personally think it’s just some BS line Dad was feeding me to keep me interested and in line. Who knows what’s true anymore.”
“Gabriel! Out with it!.”
The dog yelped and ran off up the stairs.
Castiel used a gentle, but firm hand and began to press against Dean’ s chest. He mimicked the breathing rate he was trying to get Dean to copy.
“Well, I need to grab some lunch, go over my briefs and get to the courthouse.” Sam said as he stood and began putting their papers in order. “When you get the fax, make a copy for my files and put them in this folder. Call the Council Grove Post Office and find out the access hours for P.O. boxes. That way maybe we can make it there and back before the kids get off school today, depending on what time I make it out of court. I think I’ll have to put off trying to get into her account until later this evening though.”
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Alright, so what monsters do we know that are crying women that drag kids into caves? Cause that don’t sound like anything I’ve seen before.” Dean said around a mouthful of his sweet plantain burger.
Cas had always been intrigued by the Human Heavens, and just humanity in general. However, the thought to 'hug' a human being had never even crossed his mind. Not until Sam. It felt like the right thing to do, though he would later be told it was just awkward, much like the rest of his attempts at humanity.
“Hello, thank you for calling The Garden of Eden, this is Castiel Novak speaking. How may I help you today?”
Miracle’s ears perked up and she barked. Castiel vigorously ruffled her scruff.
The kids had already begun tearing into the snacks Dean had laid out. Backpacks were tossed in a pile nearly blocking the door.
Castiel blinked. Dean was doing all that… for him? Why? He didn’t even know him.
“Well, isn’t
Hannah nodded back and went into the office. She came back with some papers.
After he felt everything was set, he thought about sneaking a peek at the box of mail, but restrained himself. He grabbed his acoustic guitar and decided to  sit on the porch to let Miracle out so she could romp in the yard while he played tunes. What seemed not too long afterwards, Benny pulled up. Dean hadn’t realized how much time had passed.
“Man, I thought you were pulling my leg, but you’re serious, aren’t you?” He laughed a slight bit more and took the lollipop.
“Well, me, Emma, Magda Peterson, Jesse were in the courtyard. We were…”
“I’ve got green. Look at spinach, artichoke, bell peppers and olives.” Dean tilted his plate for Sam to see. “I’m even eating vegetarian pizza!”
“Yes,” Adam quickly explained, “we’re half brothers. Same father, just different moms.”
“Fun?”
“But, they started it, Dad. It was just an accident. Jack can’t control his arms when he’s anxious. That boy grabbed him! It’s not his fault!” Claire was still standing, defensive and defiant. Blue eyes fiery and desperate for understanding.
“And I want
That elicited laughs from Jack and Claire.
“Brotha, you know I’ll always love you, but there’s not enough single people in this town for me to take anyone off the table just because they work in a profession where you MIGHT be their customer or patient.”
“Goodnight, Castiel.”
“Yeah, I will. I’ll call her in the morning.”
“Whaddya doin’? Ya killin’ me here!”
That seemed to cheer the kids up. He drove to one of the local pizza places and ordered their usual.
“I don’t know, Jack, maybe your dad isn’t ready to talk about it yet. It took me a long time before I talked to my mom.” Clark advised.
He kisses Castiel, the angel at the top of the tree.
The day had only just begun and it was shaping up to be a very huge disaster for Castiel. As the angel at the top of the tree, he had an immense responsibility to the rest of the ornaments. He had a place of honor which allowed him to hold some power over the rest of the ornaments and the goings on of the tree. He was also the key to assuring that they all came alive again every Christmas Day.
. God knows we need more of those.”
“What brings you to Puerto Rico? A honeymoon?” she asked with a wink as she wiped her hands on her apron, before coming to ring him up on the register.
The rustling of the lower branches intensifies, the other ornaments are gaining on them. Cries of confusion and outrage are starting to be heard from below. “They aren’t going to be happy about this once they reach us, Cas.”
Every now and then, Dean would sneak a glance at the angel sitting peacefully in the passenger seat. He was looking out the window, watching the trees go by. His dark hair was slightly more frazzled than usual, and a bit of stubble littered his jaw. He had forgone his trenchcoat due to the warm tropical weather. As an angel, he didn’t feel the heat, but he found that people still looked at him strangely when he wore it in the island’s weather. So, he had stripped down to his white dress shirt and rolled up the sleeves. These were all facts that were deeply ingrained in Dean’s mind, mostly due to the fact that he couldn’t seem to stop fixating on them. He was reminded of the time he dropped off Cas for his first date, that night he didn’t stop Cas from leaving the car. Now he’s not so sure he would make the same call.
Sam is thrown by the question. He was expecting the typical teenager stuff. Hell, he even thought maybe Jack wanted to know what being queer was. But this?
The lock on the door clicked into place, and Dean looked up towards the sound. Their eyes met and Dean felt the air shifting again. Just like it had in the middle of that damn forest. And just like it had that day in Purgatory so many years ago. He felt exactly the same way he had so many years ago, but this time he understood it.
Before that one grounding moment, Castiel's life went by in flashes. His purpose throughout all creation seemed simple. He was an angel of the lord, he followed and gave orders without question, trusting the authority of his superiors as every other angel did. Yet, he never quite fit in. He had spent many millennia carrying out the missions assigned to him, rarely finding time to spend in leisure. Continuous work was actually considered essential to his role as a soldier.
“Hell no, we are not sharing. This ain’t summer camp.” Dean shifted nervously from one foot to another.
be alone again.” The light framed her face and shone on her frantic eyes as she laughed maniacally, her gaze focusing on Dean’s blade.
Dean’s brow furrowed at his brother’s hurried response but shrugged and closed the room’s door. He couldn’t see his brother walking back to his room. But if he had, he would have seen him fist pump into the air silently, looking exactly like a man that had won a $50 bet with their adoptive mother Jody.
. Many rigorous hours, several beers and one snoring nephilim later, Sam believes he finally might have caught a break. He scrambled to find his phone so he could call his brother.
Sam and Cas had just come back from the first kid’s house. Sadly, the parents were still understandably guarded about their recently recovered child and demanded they come back with a warrant. They decided to try their luck with the second victim, Maria, which is how they ended up parked in front of the second victim’s house.
“What the hell Sammy? It’s barely morning.” Dean gruffs out, annoyance practically pouring from his tone.
So, Cas did the exact same thing that had sent him down this path over 10 years ago: he went looking for Dean.
“It could be a mermaid! They like attracting their victims with song and live in water.” Jack adds on a hopeful note.
Exasperated, Zachariah continued, "Well, if no one is going to volunteer we will go on to the Choosing cere-"
“A lead? What did you find?” Cas asked making his way over to the couch.
Once they are in their own room, Dean and Cas make their way towards their beds. They sit opposite each other in complete silence. The day had been a long and confusing one. Dean was worrying over the blade his brother had handed him, moving it back and forth between his hands. “We don’t have to do this Cas,” Dean grumbled out.
lair.
Sam shook his head, still trying to contain his laughter. His eyes were shining brightly, he was happy for his brother. The hunters stayed in Sam and Jack’s room, talking about other details of the case before they all parted ways to start packing. Sadly, their vacation would end tomorrow. That night, they all slept soundly. At peace with the work they had achieved, and the lives they had saved.
They stood there for a while, until something seemed to snap Jack to action. He broke out from his father’s embrace and pushed him into the bunker hurriedly.
“She’s right, can’t let this one get away.” Dean winked before he leaned in to give Cas a chaste kiss and turned to start ravaging his food.
His room was like a mirror image of himself. It was ransacked from his last rage-fueled destruction spree, littered with broken glass and toppled furniture he had not bothered to clean up.  A single, shattered piece of glass lay close to his left foot. Absentmindedly, he reached out to touch it with his toes and brought it closer to him. It had a jagged edge from where it had shattered from the rest of the glass it came from. He placed his foot over that edge and eased down into it. There was an initial, sharp burn from where it cut his skin, but Dean didn’t flinch. That burn seemed no different than the pointless rage that had burned inside him for the past 13 days. He kicked the shard aside forcefully, not bothering to check where it landed. He let his head hang and slumped his shoulders, as if gravity could do the favor of getting him out of bed for him.
Dean runs his hand through his hair. “Okay, so creepy crying woman that lives in a cave and is obsessed with Matilda. Sounds peachy.”
Cas stared at Dean’s smiling face, his confusion at the outburst began to slowly be replaced by a new, unfamiliar warmth blooming in the center of his chest. He liked making Dean laugh.
His best friend squeezed his hand, “Go to work. Say hi to everyone. Do what you do best. Most importantly, be yourself”.
other girls and guys in his alpha college!
Cas sounded curious, “Why were you leaning against my door?”
Anyway, this is not the ending. I’ll need to get back to writing about how Dean does while in the Novak mansion, plus the growing relationship he will have with Gabe. Not forgetting Sam/Gabe relationship development. Just know that Dean is currently safe with his alpha, Castiel.
He wasn’t blind nor deaf.
“Mhmm. I would love that very much…boyfriend.” Cas giggled in the end.
He finally registered and glanced worriedly into Deans worried eyes. He shakily asked, “Dean, what do we do?”
He raised a brow at his best friend, “Really Charlie! That’s all you got!”
Castiel nodded.
Castiel and Gabriel walked over to Sam and Dean with beaming smiles on their faces. Castiel jumped into his alphas arms while Gabe did the same. Castiel laid a quick peck on Dean’s lips, murmuring, “Baby, lets go to the streams where you found me. Please!”
Doctor Novak greeted the nurses and called an introductory meeting to familiarize himself with the staff and general procedures and systems. One of the nurses’ aides gave him a cursory tour of the facilities, which was hardly necessary since he’d seen much of it yesterday when he was pressed into work prematurely.  He was given a quick rundown of his appointments for the day and overnight patients stats. Just two overnight patients. One being monitored for a kidney stone passing which caused a minor infection and the other, the broken leg of Dean Winchester. He headed out to make rounds.
Gabriel thought he was really going to enjoy working with them. They seemed to both have a great sense of humor as well, and in his book a sense of humor went a long way.
“Good luck little brother.” Sam called after him.
“Please, Kaia. Please stay.” Claire pleaded.
“Can it be part of our family discussion tonight? I really want to discuss things too.”
Thursday was the day years later, after enlisting in the Marines, when in Afghanistan, Dean was out on patrol with his 9 man squad. He sent his three man fire team out in advance recon, the other six of them fanned out and were set upon by the enemy. The three advanced troops were killed instantly. Two of the six escaped, but four, including Dean, were gunned down and captured. Those four were kept alive to be stabbed, beaten, burned and tortured for weeks. Dean often woke up hearing their screams in his ears only to realize the screams were coming from him. Thankfully, the two that escaped, one of whom was Benny, came back with reinforcements and were able to save Dean and one of his men. That man was never the same, and took his life soon after going home.
Castiel huffed as he pulled his shirt sleeve back down over his watch.
“Thank you for your very informative input, as always, Emma.” Rowena nodded to Claire. “Miss Novak, you may have the floor.”
Dean maneuvered himself on to the bed and under the covers. He was tired but wired. He turned on the TV, as Miracle jumped up next to him and climbed into his lap. He bent his head down to snuggle her in a hug and was immediately engulfed by the light scent of a heady cologne. He raised his head baffled as to why she smelled that way. He looked up at the television as he thought and was presented with the yearning blue eyes of Jake Gyllenhaal as Jack Twist, reaching over to pull Ennis’ hand under the covers and onto his crotch.
“No, Daddy. We are just happy that you are going to be happy now.” Claire hugged him even tighter.
Ben was excited that Claire was interested in talking to him, even though she was already holding hands with Kaia. Maybe she’d think about dating him. He could have her come over and learn about sheep and wool and become good friends and maybe ask her out. But what if she didn’t like boys?
They explained that the girls all went to help Emma with her paper sculpture and they were amazed at what she’d accomplished so far, and were actually excited to help her continue working on it more as they went along.
Dean was about to say something rude when Sam stopped him and pointed to himself and then the phone.
Michael raised an eyebrow. “Yes?”
“Wow, I’m glad I never said anything in front of them, or asked Benny about how their date went,” he said to himself. He’d have to make sure he didn’t say anything in front of any of the kids, or in front of anyone else for that matter. He’d hate to out the doctor accidentally, even though Castiel didn’t seem like he was making much of a secret about it at the market Sunday. Obviously, at least his daughter, Claire seemed to think he was, but she wasn’t sure if he was gay, bi or pan. His son Jack had no opinion that Sam could discern. Jack just seemed to think his dad did everything for them and didn’t date because he didn’t want to take time away from them. He wanted his dad to have someone and be happy and he didn’t care what gender, as long as they were nice and cared for his father.
Castiel grabbed Dean and helped him up to his feet.
!” Dean exploded. “She…” He felt tears of anger and relief washing over him and he didn’t think he could speak without bursting into tears.
“Adam.”
“I, Castiel Novak, take Dean Winchester to be my wedded husband, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do us part, I pledge my faith and pledge myself to you.”
“Though I don’t like to think of my children growing up so fast, maybe you’re right, Gabriel. But right now it’s …11:12! That’s way past time for us all to be in bed, and I know Uncle Gabe has work early in the morning again. We all need to get some rest.…”
Dean always knew he likes guys as well as girls. He’s had a boyfriend or two in his younger years. He’s glad his dad never found out or he would have never heard the end of it.
He wheeled himself into the bathroom to grab his crutches, brush his teeth and make sure he was semi-presentable. Miracle had been shadowing his every move, so he retrieved her harness and leash, and got her ready for being in public. He could see her immediately go into work mode even though he hadn’t given the signal yet. She might run off every now and then, but she was a great service dog and no one could ever tell him otherwise. He wouldn’t trade her for any other dog.
Sam laughed.
“Right, That’s the club Jack wants to join.” Claire nodded, pointing to her brother.
Sam really was not interested in an “adult erotic confectionery shop,” but he promised Emma and Ben, if they were both able to keep their lunch down and feeling up to it, he’d buy them gelato. He had to wonder what kind of lunatic moves to a small town that has no ice cream parlor to open a sweet shop for adults only? Why would you not open a family store here? Or how ‘bout an adult sweets shop in a bigger city? How many customers would this business actually attract in a small town?
“What
“And it looks like you’re just missing him again.” Chris pointed ahead as they watched the truck full of kids and black Charger following behind pull out of the school parking lot.
“He is really nice. Thank you, Gabe.” Smiling, Michael leaned forward and showed Gabriel an order slip written in Jules handwriting with his number. He pointed to the bottom where the paper had been torn off.
The twins shared a look. “Really?”
“That won’t be necessary. I have the money. Just take it out of my account.” Dean spoke adamantly.
“What?”
Gabriel was happy. The Sweet Spot hadn’t even officially opened yet and he had been busy each day. He was quite enthused at how busy they’d been this morning though. He knew from experience that he could make this business successful, but he was unsure how successful it might be in such a small town. He’d much preferred to sink his money into this business in a larger, more diverse city. Yet, everyday this town surprised him. Most of the citizens he’d encountered were much more progressive than he would’ve thought for an old, seemingly traditional, midwest small town.
Castiel finished off his glass of wine in one go. He needed it after his emotional phone call with Balthazar. He got up to blow his nose and get another glass of wine, but ended up having to deal with another nosebleed after his crying. Finally, he filled his wine glass and went to tell the twins that it was time for baths or showers and wind down for bed. Their usual routine was only books allowed after 8:30 during the school year, except for Fridays and Saturdays. He headed back down to read with his glass of wine while waiting for the kids to get ready for bed.
“What do you mean you quit?”
“Can I offer you a drink? Tea, water, a coke?” He swept his arm towards the kitchen.
Kaia leaned over to look at the two men.
“Go where?”
“Mr. Winchester, I know I’m not your favorite person, and I know no one ‘intends’ to break their leg, and end up in a hospital with a ‘freak’ doctor,” Castiel raised both hands in a hooked finger-quotes gesture several times as he spoke in agitation,
We Apple BendOver to give it all.
“I cannot believe you two.” He shook his head again. “You are lucky it was me overhearing you all.”
Dean looked at his brother and nodded. He noticed that Adam, his youngest brother, was there too. Along with his kids Ben and Emma and his parents John and Mary.
He pulled Castiel along. “Oh, Dad, does being suspended engender punishment at home? In other words, am I precluded from going on a date to the skating rink dance Saturday with Clark?” Jack stopped and looked back at his father. “He’s paying and wants to take me to dinner, too. He’s going to ask his mom first, but I want to have a ready answer in case she says he’s not punished either. Do I have to buy him flowers, or if he gets me a corsage, do I have to wear it? I don’t think I want to wear a flower.”
Gabriel reared his fist back to hit his brother again, but Anna stopped him, wailing through her tears.
If they even make that long, that is.
He just had a couple week’s worth of work left, before the new doctor would be moving in, when the town’s only doctor was killed in a head on collision with a semi truck while he was driving between Cottonwood Falls and the neighboring town’s clinic. The timeline was changed and Dean had to complete it before the end of the week, so he, Lee and Benny had been working double time to get it done, on top of Dean’s previous week-on at the firehouse. He had worked himself to exhaustion and was warned that he needed to take a break. Well, here he was. Not the kind of break he needed.
“Dad, this means we have to get a dog now.” Claire demanded. “You can’t get us acclimated to a new furry family member and then just yank her away from our impressionable, growing young minds, nor devastate our tender still developing psyches.”
“Hello, Little Missy.” He said bending down to pet her. “Or I should say, Miracle.”
“Yes, I see it.” Castiel began to slow down the closer they got. “I guess the trees or brush blocked it for a bit. I just don’t want to drive in the ditch or miss the turn.
He had that dream again.
“You really think I want all this, especially right now? I’m nineteen years old! Even I know I’m not ready to settle down and run an empire. I don’t want to have that kind of headache this young. I don’t want to be corrupted like you two.”
The Crowd cheered. Crowley blew his nose into a tissue and hissed at anyone who looked at him funny.
“Adam! Your brother broke his leg. He fell off the ladder.”
“What’s it called Gerald’s Sweet Treats? Or something like that.”
“Hello?” He said, expecting his father’s voice but instead it was his brother’s.
“Are you ready?” She asked them.
with this!?!” Naomi practically screamed.
He could feel his breath becoming shallower and quicker. He closed his eyes and willed the oxygen to enter his lungs. Damn this broken leg!
“Claire, that’s what we’ve been talking about for the last ten minutes! Dad’s right, sometimes you just zone out and don’t hear anything,”
“I’m glad to see you’ve taken my advice and are using the chair. It’s nice that you have a spacious great room to be able to get around easily.” Castiel said looking around.
Castiel nodded. “Yep. When you’re done. We’ll go.”
“Physician prescribed! Michael, what are…”
“No, if you don’t treat me nicely, I don’t think I will give it to you.” He smirked at his older brother. Gabriel could see Michael’s face getting red with anger, even in the dim lighting.
Castiel and his other siblings though, all stepped in and helped Gabriel recover.
Castiel stopped in his tracks. At first astonished, he felt a deep sense of pride and love that lit his heart. Here he was fretting and nearly physically ill worrying over discussing this with his children, when obviously, Jack at least, had no inkling that it was a thing that was something that should even be up for discussion. He smiled at Jack and pulled him into a hug.
“Dean, I can—”
“Yeah, I kinda noticed that, too. Maybe they’re just good friends, but they do seem a bit more than friends.” Kaia quietly agreed.
“Here, go ahead.” He said, slowing down quickly, pointing to the small hills surrounding the lake. Before the car came to a complete stop, Claire had the door open and had jumped out at a run as Castiel knew she would.
“Castiel.”
“Ah, ah, ah! Please take your seat, hold your tongue for a short while longer and you’ll be allowed to have your say.” Rowena looked at her watch. “Now, we’re short on time, so please, no more interruptions.”
"Your friends brought you here yesterday and I arrived at a good time to help and do my job. However, being informed, and now having first hand knowledge of how... challenging you are. I am letting you know that you will be resting for 6 weeks. No heavy labor or serious work for the time being. But I’ll give the details during my in-depth visit which I’ll save until after Ezekiel here has completed his cleaning you up. I’ll take my leave, so you can have some privacy."
“Shut up.”
"Why did you get out of bed?" Cas tilted his head in concern.
“You can!?!” Sam asked excitedly. “Who the hell is he?”
“Ah, Emma and Ben’s father.” He smiled, then tilted his head as if deep in thought. He pointed at Benny, smiling. “Ben. Benny. Oh.” Gabriel smiled and pointed back and forth. “My two dads or brothers?” He side-eyed Benny.
“There. See. You’re good.” Castiel pressed Dean’s head to his chest, fingers stroking through Dean’s hair, rocking him almost imperceptibly. “Breathe.” He whispered into the soft, short locks. “We’re going to be ok. I’ve got you.” He rocked Dean more and laid a gentle kiss to the top of his head as he gently squeezed him close.
Dean snorts. “Right and you’ve seen him?”
“You OK?” Dean asked full of concern. “Let me look at you.” He held Ben away and turned his son’s face to either side checking for injuries. He could see a fading reddish mark on the side of Ben’s cheek and a bright red scratch welt across the side of his neck and shoulder. “You’ll live.” He hugged Ben to him again and ruffled his hair.
Eventually, Castiel made the move to say that it was time for them to head home. All hands helped with kitchen clean up, but it took a little longer to get the kids to straighten up upstairs and gather their belongings.
Castiel nods.
Dean hung up his phone. It was just after 10pm. He’d just gotten off the phone with Emma. He’d called earlier to speak to the twins, but once again Emma was in the shower.  Ben had talked his father’s ear off about his latest issue of Hot Rod magazine and an older issue of Muscle Machines that had a similar article on Chevy truck mods. Dean was never really a truck person, he preferred old classic cars. However, he loved the quick absorption of knowledge, ability to understand and hold discussion over pros and cons of different engine set-ups and modifications, but most of all, the enthusiasm his son displayed. He’d actually learned a few things when he and Ben began talking about vehicles Ben was interested in. He definitely was a chip off Dean’s engine block.
“I… I suppose you don’t know if I am. It’s been several millennia since I’ve been on earth and I’m not… how do you say…. accustomed to human interactions so I apologize if I came off as threatening.”
“Alright. Alright, girl.” Dean’s voice broke as he hugged her to him. “Let’s let the doc in so we can give him a proper thank you.” He began to try push Miracle towards the floor as he heard the car door close and engine crank. Dean waved to try to catch his eye and thank him, but Castiel drove off and never looked his way. Strangely, it left him feeling very empty. He pulled Miracle close again and hugged her for all his worth.
that Elsa had told Anna in the beginning of the movie.
“And what visage are you in now, huh? What, holy tax accountant?”
Dean hung up the phone. He needed a drink. Sam went from incredulous to angry, to angry with Dean, to apologetic and back to angry again when Dean told him about the foreclosure. In the end, he reassured Dean that he would help him get to the bottom of it. The conversation ended with Sam vowing that somehow they would come up with the funds to help Dean save the farm.
Dean looked up at this wonder-worker nurse and nodded.
Dean woke up in a hospital bed. He opened his eyes and blinked and then closed them again. The light was too bright. He groaned and covered his face with his hands.
“Michael, I hate to say this, but I think we need to go to a makeup store. We shouldn’t let the parental units know we fought, because it’ll be suspicious, but mostly, our baby brother doesn’t need to know we were fighting at all.”
“The day we brought Dean home from the hospital, his friends and family had a little welcome home to get together to help get him settled, make a bedroom for him downstairs, set up him and the kids with some prepared food. Of course, everyone was curious about the town’s new doctor.” Benny smiled at Castiel’s questioning look. “Yeah, you were the main topic of conversation.”
“Close your eyes please. Just for a second.”
Dean said nothing, but nodded and kept playing as Benny went inside to put the radios away and wash up. Benny had called in a to-go order to Kellum’s Feed & Wine Company earlier and just needed to drive to town and pick it up before heading over to the hospital. He’d already called Castiel to let him know he’d be there soon.
He pulled the door to the office open to hold open for his brother and the children, but another family came out at the same time. Before they could enter, Deputy Barker and her son Clark also exited.
