“Yeah, why are you?” Jo says, giving him a small smile that says she’s giving him permission to leave.
“You’re such a geek,” Dean tells his younger brother. With a taunting laugh only used by big brothers, he holds up the toy so that it is out of Sammy’s reach.
? I don’t know, Castiel, that kind of sounds like an abuse of your powers. Bringing back someone so that you can seek revenge on all those people who teased you in high school, seems kind of petty to me.”
His sleep is broken by a scream. For the few moments he’s awake, he has forgotten that there’s another body in the house and he’s startled by the scream.
Cas nods, although he's still looking at the door in which Dean has just exited from. “And you are suggesting that I should be the one who informs him that my feelings towards him are romantic?” Sam nods. “And how do you think I should go about this?”
Sam looks down at his coffee cup. “I got a call from Bobby. He found something about Castiel- something good, he says.”
“Come on, Cas. I know the rules, we’ve played this game. I’m a freak- an even bigger freak than you. I don’t deserve to be here. You were-” he chokes on the words, looking down at the bottle in his hand. “You were just allowing me some closure before you zap me back to the underworld.”
“I need to find you a hobby or something. Yeah, but see I thought him and Sammy were together and I didn’t want to say anything so I… so I ignored him. Now I find out that Sammy doesn’t even like dick and had nothing to do with Cas, and I’ve been acting like an ass this entire time.”
Castiel is slightly honoured that this strange man is defending him, even if Bobby Singer refuses to look directly at him. It’s better than Dean, the person he actually shares a personal history with, who is openly pretending that he isn’t in the room.
“You the dog expert?” the old man asks. His tag reads Rufus Turner and he looks like he spends his spare time killing things and enjoys it. This maybe why he’s the town’s only mortician.
Even at twelve, Castiel knew that Mary Winchester was special. She is kind and sweet to everyone and almost everyone in the neighbourhood adored her. Mary seemed to know that Castiel is lacking
Castiel can feel his throat constricting. “I lied when I said that there were no consequences.” He hears Gabriel mutter out a “no shit” behind him. “When I raise someone from the dead it can only be for a minute. Any longer, and someone else will die in their place. I had planned on tapping you after I told you what I needed to, but I lost track of time- it was too late.”
“I guess I’ll just have to gank the bitch.” Dean says as he begins to pack, shoving his and Castiel’s thing into a duffle bag.
“So whatta say, Cassie? Care to join me on this case? I’m sure I could cut you in this time. Say 60-40?”
“This is my assistant, Dean,” Bobby introduces. The man next to him shakes hands and looks over Dean like a butcher might look over cattle. The man doesn’t look imposing; he’s short, round, balding, and dressed entirely in black with the exception of a red tie. Still, there’s something about him that makes Dean wary of him.
Sam doesn’t say anything, which tells Dean more than enough. They pay for their beers and leave without talking, and Dean hopes he hasn’t screwed up Sam’s marriage too much.
His body is buzzing with energy, but with Dean’s dismissal he can feel it all rush out of him, leaving him with a stomach twisted with nerves and a rapid heartbeat that blocks out all sound. This confession was suppose to resolve him, was suppose to lift some of the guilt he carries. Now he’s standing in a stranger’s kitchen, exhausted and drained.
Bobby rolls his eyes, signalling to a pile of books sitting on the kitchen table. “Yeah, I’ve gotta few methods. You sure about this?”
There’s no TV in the gas station, which is a relief. The man at the counter looks to be in his late 70s and he’s reading a porn magazine without even the decency to blush when the two men enter. He takes their cash for fuel and for what some regard as food without batting an eyelash.
“You were,” the stranger tells him (and whoa does he have a deep voice for such a scrawny looking guy). This isn’t told to him in a reassuring tone, instead the dude just says it in a neutral tone, almost bored like- like he sees people coming back from the dead all the time. For all Dean knows, he has. It’s not the strangest thing that Dean has come across (it’s amazing what you come across in late night dinners and truck stops at midnight), especially considering the fact that he’s been to Hell… and back apparently.
“They’re just so plot-less. Every movie seems the same. The oversimplification of human nature, putting people into boxes of either good or bad. Indians are always the villains and the white Americans always win in the end. It seems incredible that a man of your age would enjoy such things.”
It’s been two weeks since Castiel kissed Dean, and Dean’s still in shock, which is pretty pathetic on his part. Cas only kissed him on the cheek and here he is still mooning over it like Olivia Newton John’s character from Grease (and the only way he knows he’s acting like this is because Jo keeps humming “Hopeless Devoted” every time he walks into the same room as her). He’s mentioned a little bit of the situation to Jo and all she said was for him to stop sulking.
“You think he’ll go through with it?” Bobby says, unbothered by the fact that Dean just announced that Sam apparently likes dicks now.
personality has its benefits and is one of the reasons how Castiel got his shop at such a good location and at a decent renting price. It’s also how Castiel is able to get into the city morgue after hours.
Dean takes another swig from the liquor bottle. “We’re both hunters. We hunt supernatural creatures- ghosts, demons, werewolves. You name it, we’ve probably killed it.”
Sam looks surprisingly okay when Dean knocks on the door of his brother’s house. His eyes are red and he has a fair amount of stubble, but he doesn’t look like he’s been drinking and crying for two days straight.
. Sam also sees out of the corner of his eyes a smug look that Cas is trying (and failing) to hide. For a few seconds it seems like it’s just Cas and Dean in the room, longingly staring at each other, and for once, Sam doesn’t mind.
“See, it’s not just another affair, Dean. I really feel like we have this…” Sam drops eye contact with Dean, instead choosing to play with the straw wrappers on the table.
Three days later, Dean finds himself behind a bleacher, sucking the cock of one of the jocks who trashed Thomas’ books in the first place.
Dean’s eyes open and Castiel steps back, dropping the blanket onto the ground. Dean looks at him frantically before the look of recognition passes on his face and he relaxes.
“Jesus boy, did you and Sam’s cycles finally sync? You both been acting like the world’s personally out to get you.”
Dean doesn’t agree, but he doesn’t say anything to indicate that he disagrees. They don’t say anything, but continue to work in an uneasy truce. An hour later and Bobby quits, muttering something about not wasting his sanity for a Winchester and heads to bed. Dean works till the sun begins to rise and he finally admits defeat and hits the couch.
“Why don’t you just tell us where he is? It’ll probably save all of us some time.” Bobby says, pointing to the Devil’s Trap. “Unless you have some way of waltzing out of here.”
Dean knows the signs — the constant glances at his lips, the offer of another drink, the way he laughs at all of Dean’s dumb jokes. The guy wants to get with him, and Dean, with Dad and Sammy both busy on a case, doesn’t mind that at all.
“No, I just… I just have a bad association with burgers. Um… excuse me,” he says before rushing off to the bathroom.
“God no! Dean you know I’m straight. What could have possibly led you to think that Cas and I are together?”
“You don’t owe him anything. And I’ve said before, you won’t owe him anything when he’s dead. Go back there, trick him over to the morgue and touch him! He’s not going to complain then. I’m not having this discussion again with you again.”
Lilith starts laughing. “Oh, you two. You’ve both come so far for revenge and now only thing that stopping you is yourselves. Come on Sam, finish the gig.”
“Um, yes,” Castiel says, looking to Gabriel for confirmation. He barely remembers what their cover story is, but he knows the facts about the case- a young rich woman had died in her apartment alone. It seems that she had been killed by a dog, despite the fact that she didn’t own one and the entire building was pet free. Plus, she had been on the top floor.
“Like these?” Cas holds up a pair that is light pink and lace- just lace- with a little black bow at the top.
Dean ignores him, but Ruby looks over, a knowing smile appearing on her lips. “A nice tone would get you some nice answers. I don’t know who you are, so why should I give you Sam?”
“I thought I gave it away when you bent over like that. You shouldn’t have done that. I had to go grocery shopping with a boner.”
“Don’t think so. Apparently, she works with Sam and she’s high-strung and nervous,” Dean says, taking a sip of his beer.
“Frankly, you,” Castiel says. He expected Dean to return sheepish or still angry, not this cheerful and not this visibly drunk.
It’s the first time that he’s worked a case completely on his own. Sammy’s gone and Dad keeps disappearing, keeps leaving Dean with nothing better to do. Dean scouts out a haunting, something simple, something he can’t fail at, so he can prove that he can do this, that he can make his dad proud.
“Nah, it’s fine. It’s just for one night,” Dean says, jumping onto the couch. After he spreads out, he looks around the room, a large smile on his face. Castiel feels self-conscious at once. The apartment is tiny- it barely fits him, but he only uses the space for sleeping since most of his time is consumed by the running of the pie shop or with helping Gabriel out.
In which Dean finally discovers Sam's real relationship with Castiel and gets some advice from Bobby whether he asked for it or not.
Beside him, Balthazar lets out a low whistle. Dean shoots Castiel look that hopefully says, “I’m going to kill you and hide your body so that you’re never found” and Castiel returns the glare with a “I don’t understand you” stare.
“So, you figured out what killed her?” he asks, looking even more suspiciously at the two of them than before.
“Yeah, well, it’s best to let your brother live his own life and you live yours,” Bobby mumbles as he picks at his salad.
“Yeah, but I didn’t think you meant in that sense!” Sam gasps. Despite the initial hurt of being left of the loop for so long, Sam thinks back to his brother and Cas’s interactions for the last couple of years, and it makes sense. Why Dean was so hurt when Cas never answered his prays, every hostile action done by Dean when Cas is mentioned in conversation, Cas’s poor attempts to do right by Dean.
Castiel nods. He had spent a great deal of last night trying to wrap his head around the fact that there’s another world that he’s never experienced or heard of. He feels strangely calm about this- like this just confirms what he’s already suspected, that there might be more to this world. Castiel is living proof of this, so the fact that ghosts, ghouls and such exist really shouldn’t take him by surprise.
Dean might not have gotten laid that night, but he learns. He practices the word “bisexual” in the mirror, looking at himself, in his mind going over and over the term till it becomes as familiar on his tongue as the taste of greasy roadside burgers and convenience store pie.
“So why did you guys break up?” Dean spurts out before he can stop himself. He mentally kicks himself.
Sammy, on the other hand, is two years younger than Castiel and there is a maturity gap between them that neither can help. Castiel has always been what others would consider “mature” for his age, and Sammy with his baby-fat and passion for action-figures seemed too young to him.
“I used to work at Crowley and Milton, until I ended my relationship with Crowley, which made it rather unprofessional to work there. I had to switch firms.”
at this time of night, let alone a formerly dead neighbour. Dean looks him apologetic, but Castiel no longer feels capable of replying. Instead, he slips out of the room and goes to bed.
“God, no! We’re brothers. Brothers.” Dean used to travel cross-country during college with his brother and it was surprising how often people thought they were together. Like really surprising.
“Yeah, I told you, I’ve been following their trail for years. Finally figured it out. They’re going to strike in Ilchester, Maryland. I’ve got Bobby searching for recent missing person cases. I expect a call from him any minute.”
Fair enough. “Fine, you can come, but this douche,” he points over to Gabriel, “isn’t welcomed to join us.”
Sam cringes. Sam never wanted to have this conversation with Cas and this is another thing he needs to scrub out of his mind.
“He was a total ass-butt,” Cas agrees, a small smile slipping onto his face. “Too bad he’s a genius. Plus, he opened me up sexually.”
is. But she’s a girl, Dean! I met her when I took Riot to the vet. She’s a veterinarian- Amelia Richardson.”
“I might have to downgrade apartments,” Dean sighs, tossing one of the bills aside and reaches for his beer bottle. “I can’t live this part of town anymore. Shit, this was a bad time for Baby to break down.”
They drive in silence. It’s a reluctant one on Castiel’s part and a stubborn one on Dean’s. The thought that they’ll be spending the next seven hours like this is unbearable, but every time Castiel opens his mouth, Dean reaches for the radio dial, turning it up so that Castiel can’t even think, let alone speak. This continues until Dean announces that they’re going to take a break and pulls into an ancient looking gas station.
“What, do you get your freak on by watching other people sleep?” Dean says gruffly, shaking Castiel from his meditative state.
“It seemed like it would be a pleasant day,” Castiel apologizes, as if he’s personally responsible for the weather. Cas pulls Dean into the closest building that’s opened to the public and maybe Cas did plan it, because it’s a museum and Cas looks more delighted to be cooped up in here than outside. “Lucky for us, the museum is open today.”
“Go ahead, but he’s not my trainer,” Dean tells him. “Right now you need me and I’m not seeing any other choices.”
for you, since you were the one who did the snubbing and not me. Now if that’s all you want, I think I would like to decline. Goodbye Dean. And please, don’t try to contact me.”
“I wanted to step away from the notion of angels as guardians with fluffy wings,” Chuck explains. “I wanted them to be badass, alien-like. Far removed from humanity.”
“Lilith,” he says. He can feel Castiel tense beside him. Ruby glances over to him, her eyes flicker black and she scowls.
“Don’t touch me,” he accidently yells out. He can see the man from the counter turn his head in their direction.
Castiel nods and continues to eat his burger, the look of doubt slightly clearing from his face. Now is the time to test the waters with an idea that Sam has been mulling over for the last couple of weeks.
“If your apology always involves freshly cooked breakfast, I might try to rile you up more often,” Castiel grins. Dean blushes before he turns back to the stove.
The night is almost a bust until Dean hits the last bar. He had asked around the area about anyone matching Sam’s description, only to hear that he frequented the bars a lot. No surprise there, since Sam is a Winchester after all. Knowing that Castiel is only going to slow him down, he drops him off at the motel and starts checking out the local bars.
“That what I said. Anyways, he might be in love with this girl and he’s talking about leaving Jess, like for good.”
. The panty-thing had come out of nowhere and was a complete (and terrible) surprise for Sam. Sam always knew that his brother overcompensated his masculinity and he never thought that Dean would actually act upon his less manly desires (and like it).
“Could you pick me up some almonds while you’re out,” Sam says as he tosses the keys. Dean is too busy staring at Cas to see the flying metal object coming at him, and it hits him and falls to the ground. Castiel is the first to spring into action and he bends down to pick the keys up. Instantly the annoyed look on Dean’s face shifts, and he is instead staring at Cas’s ass. Sam follows Dean’s gaze to see a flash of lace peeking out of the black jeans that Cas is wearing before Cas straightens up.
“I think the ending of a marriage is a serious matter and one that cannot be discussed frivolously during lunch. Personally, I think you should wait it out. An affair is a much shorter thing than you think.”
Whatever faults and misguided “morals” Gabriel has, Castiel has always been thankful for Gabriel’s impressive ability to go to places no one else can. Gabriel’s…
“Hey, it’s not my fault you never wanted the money. If I remember correctly, the first time I offered you any, you said something about “not wanting to profit from waking the dead,” Mr. High and Mighty.” Castiel can see Gabriel smirking at him from the corner of his eye.
Resigned, Dean sighs. “You heard Ruby. He doesn’t want to see me. Anyways, I’m going to be dead in a couple of days anyways, so why bother?”
Dean looks up to see Castiel staring intently at what is probably Mrs. Novak’s grave. He wonders what would have happened between them if their mothers hadn’t died. They could’ve been married by now, still living in Lawrence, nice and close to their folks. Dean could have been a fire fighter or could’ve taken over Dad’s garage and Cas could have still been baking pies. Sammy for sure would’ve been a great lawyer, not hanging out with some demon chick. All would have been right in the world.
“You couldn’t tell? Like it wasn’t obvious that I… I like dudes too.” There’s a panic bubbling inside, a worry that comes from a life of not only hiding his sexuality, but everything else about himself.
“My brother did. He found the name… amusing. I’d better head back I have an appointment with Sam later for lunch,” Castiel says as they make their way back to Cas’s apartment. He should know better, but the mention of Sam and Cas makes that smile disappear from Dean’s face.
“This connection,” Sam blurts out. “I think this might be the one. Like I might be seriously in love.”
The poor guy looks shell-shocked- and if Dean had the time, he would understand- but right now his main priority is Sammy, not some dude he knew when he was fourteen. Plus, he doesn’t need all the extra guilt, all that faithful trust from Cas. He doesn’t need to the guy looking at him like he’s some poor sucker. He doesn’t need to be watched over.
“Dude, I didn’t think this lowly popular culture gig would be your thing,” Dean teases. “I’m surprised you would lower yourself to spend an evening on Chuck’s books.”
By this point, the entire block has gathered on the Winchester’s front lawn for this morbid show. A paramedic is kneeling next to Mary, shaking his head.
So he leaves Castiel in the living room, moving Bobby to the kitchen so that they can figure out a plan to find Sammy. Dean tries turning on the GPS of all of Sammy’s phones, but there’s nothing. He calls Stanford and looks through their records to see if they are aware of Sam’s whereabouts seeing that he’s alumni and all. Again, nothing turns up. Sammy should have graduated law school by now and be some great lawyer, but Stanford has nothing on him.
times, Gabriel,” Castiel huffs. He’s kneading dough for the afternoon selections of pies, although he fears that the amount of aggression he’s taking out on it will ruin this batch. “You work for yourself, so we both know the money goes directly into your bank account.”
Sam had to do a double take when he read these words. In his hands (rather, on his laptop) he was right now holding a great deal of power that he could use against his brother, which practically made up for the fact that Sam also now had too much knowledge about his brother’s sex life. Part of Sam wanted to scrub (with steel wool) the image of Dean in silk panties, but another part of Sam (the younger brother part) also wanted to utilize this information as revenge for all the times Dean had called him a girl and had babied him.
As soon as they find each other at the park, it begins to rain. Not the light drizzle, pleasant sort of rain, but the here is Thor’s wrath and we’re in the middle of a hurricane sort.
It had been obvious for Sam for a long time (an unnecessary long time) that Dean liked Cas- more like loved Cas- and that Cas felt similar. If it was anything to go by- Sam wasn’t the only one to notice. Carver Edlund had made it abundantly clear that Dean and Cas had a little bit more than just a
It almost feels like Bobby’s firing him, but Dean still follows his boss’s advice and takes the next week off. He plans on continuing doing what he does when he comes home from work (watching TV in his boxers, eating cheetos and falling asleep on the couch) but on a grander scale. If he needed another sign that the universe is against him, it occurs when the phone rings just as soon as he returns to his apartment.
Dean lets out a shaky laugh. “Right, the talking. Like you were all for it when you refused to tell me the truth about how me being alive killed that agent.”
Guns out, they creep down the hallway. There’s a woman’s gasp, before a figure in white goes flying across a crypt. Before her is Sam with Ruby faithfully at his side.
“I appreciate the advice,” Castiel mumbles. Sam hopes Castiel isn’t too hurt by his brother’s rudeness.
series had left fans with the two brothers torn apart and about to go through hell- literally for one of them. Thanks to popular demand, I am glad to say that the series will be returning. The next collection will bring our two heroes back together and will introduce new advisory for them to fight. To talk more about this, we have the author of the series with us, Carver Edlund.”
The feeling of unease doesn’t leave Castiel and he can barely eat his dinner before he excuses himself. His mother kept talking about Mary Winchester’s death throughout the meal. While most meals in the Novak household had been spent in total silence, she spoke about how horrible it was for John Winchester to lose his wife and how the coroner couldn’t find a reason for why she died.
The girl gives Gabriel a scathing glare. “He was demon,” she says scathingly. “They both were. Right out of Hell.”
Sam doesn’t say anything, just digs into the peanuts in front of him. They rest in socially acceptable silence until Sam decides to open his big mouth again.
“Well I do,” Dean says, tossing the manuscript to Chuck. “I don’t know how I’m going to market it without saying what brings our main character back from hell.”
Whatever Castiel expected from this Bobby Singer, he wasn’t expecting an old junkyard with a Victorian farmhouse in the centre of it. But it must be the place as the sign says “Singer Auto Salvages” and Dean starts grinning as soon as they turn into the driveway.
“Cas, I’ve explained this. Amelia and I are at this delicate point of our relationship. Jess and I are old news. I mean we had a good try at it, but it’s over. We want different things in life.”
So, it takes him by surprise after he rescues Thomas’s books from the nearest garbage bin and offers to take him on a date that Thomas looks at him with open disgust, the thankful expression replaced by hatred and horror.
“I should have known better than to come to you for advice considering the fact that you left your previous office because your ex was banging your best friend’s wife and everyone knew long before you did,” Sam snaps.
Those blue eyes blinked at him. He saw them only for a second before the light became all too much. He had grown so use to the dark that light was painful at first.
is what he plans on saying, but instead it comes out as “Cas-do-you-remember-all-those-years-ago-when-you-were-God-and-you-said-you-didn’t-care-about-sexual-orientation? What-did-you-mean? Like-do-you-care-that-I’m-Bi? Does-that-matter-to-you?”
“Well, there’s something we can agree on” Gabriel says lowly. Dean glances over at him, giving him a scathing look.
Castiel is standing behind him and he knows the guy is just trying to be supportive, but he wishes he left the dude in the car. As soon as they reach the gravesite, Castiel leaves him, moving a few graves down.
Dean really doesn’t want their conversation to end, but on the other hand, he is dead tired and he should head back.
“It seems I can only have relationships with men who are prone to cheating. My ex-boyfriend’s numerous affairs were one of the main reasons I left hm. I should have ended that relationship long ago, but I didn’t want our friends to think I was deficient in some way.”
“We both know that is not true,” Castiel says, inspecting a peach for any flaws. He picks a few that he deems perfect and moves back to the counter. Picking up a knife, he finely slices them. “And we both know that I do not have the time to help you with what many would consider grave-robbing.”
“I’m Castiel Novak. I was your neighbour when I was twelve,” the man says quickly. “I knew you and your brother Sam. I was there the night your mother died.”
Cas steps ahead of him, moving towards Saturn. “Saturn is the sixth planet from the sun. How many of the moons of Saturn can you name? There’s Titan, Mimas, Dione, Hiperion-”
“That could be good? Only thing you can link Castiel is with Jesus, so that must mean he’s here to do something good.”
So yes, puberty had sucked for Castiel; and after discovering his ability, he quickly swore to never use it again. He was content that it was himself that could bring back the dead (and not someone like Gabriel) and would have been happy spending the rest of his life pretending to be normal.
Ignoring the feeling that it sounded like Cas is asking Dean to prom, he says yes, because, hell, it’s not like he has other things to do.
Ruby shakes her head. “Like I’ve said, he doesn’t want to talk to you. Now, which one of you is going to do the right thing and let me out?”
It’s funny that people often compare death and sleep, yet as Castiel watches Dean, he knows that he is unmistakably alive. The Dean he sees here- laying on his stomach, head tucked deeply into the pillow- is nothing like the body he found lying in the morgue. Watch the pattern of Dean’s back slowly rise with each breath gives him more comfort than he would ever care to admit.
“Yeah, you did a good job with that!” Dean snaps, pointing to the papers in front of him. “You’ve introduced another race of creatures that no one is going to like.”
“No you don’t!” Sam laughs. “Isn’t she writing that book based on her turn to lesbianism thanks to you?”
“What happens when Bobby finds out something that moves me out of this supposed grey area? What then? Do you kill me?”
Dean does not want to talk about this with Castiel, who according to Dean’s book is still a complete stranger. Hell, he barely wants to talk about this with Sam.
Sam and Cas take a break from their sorting and Cas goes to his room, or wherever Cas goes in his free time, and Sam decides to sit down in the living room and watch some TV. A half-hour later and fully involved with the plot of the television show he’s watching, Sam’s hand seems to wander into the crevasses between the couch cushions as something to fidget with. Usually he finds loose change or a random weapon, but today he feels something different, something he cannot identify. He pulls at it and to his horror, he is staring at a pair of satin blue underpants- clearly women’s- with questionable stains upon it. His lightning quick reflexes cause him to throw the undergarment onto the floor and he holds his hand up to inspect for any marks. He doesn’t understand.
“Brown hair, dressed kind of skanky. I don’t know why he stayed with her- they were always fighting.”
“I’m fine, Dean,” Castiel says, finishing off his beer “If you want to head off with that attractive man you’ve been flirting with for the last half an hour, I don’t mind.”
“I don’t know,” Bobby mumbles, “he’s not bad looking. Anyways, what’s going on between you and this Cas guy? He isn’t he your brother’s butt-buddy.”
Castiel knows that Sam is acting out in anger, but that doesn’t stop him from getting up and leaving. He’ll forgive Sam for that one day, but today is a different story.
“That’s why you don’t wake the dead, Castiel. They’re better left alone. Unless that corpse comes with a nice little cheque attached, it’s best if they remain silent.”
Dean’s good at credit card fraud and he knows better than to use a stolen one for porn, but, god, he thought he had, oh a good five hour advantage on them and would be way out of dodge before they even got into the state. Clearly, he was wrong.
“Well, I don’t know what to say, Dean. I guess you’re just going to have to slip on your big girl panties and call him.”
“Hey, he told me that you guys ran into each other the other night at that book release party. He said you had a good time with you.” Which is not entirely true, Dean just mentioned Cas wasn’t as annoying as he originally thought he was, but in Dean speech that meant Cas is golden.
Bobby’s advice is great, except for the part where Sam’s personal life keeps texting Dean. Dean thought if he ignored them long enough, Castiel would stop texting, but apparently the part where he doesn’t excel in social situations applies to non-verbal communication.
There are plenty of reasons, Castiel wants to say. She probably had last wishes or things she wanted to tell her family members. It’s Castiel’s duty to hear the dead’s last rights.
Sorry this took so long to update. I've been busy with exams for the last week, but they will soon be over and I'll be free to truly procrastinate over updating.
“Me neither. But, can’t say I didn’t expect it. Seemed more like I was just keeping a long-held appointment. Guess I just arrived early,” he says with a shrug.
“Dean,” he hears Castiel call out, before he feels a cold shooting pain in his back before it begins to burn.
“Hey, don’t look at me like I’m crazy, you’re the one who raises the dead. Cas, you don’t know what I’ve been through to find these sons of bitches. You think my worst crime is credit-card fraud…” Dean laughs weakly. “People have gotten hurt because of me. I have seen and done things that nobody in their right mind would do.”
For the first time in weeks, Dean is somewhere other than his apartment, work or Ellen’s bar. Tonight, Dean finds himself at another party to celebrate that stupid
Dean hasn’t been in Lawrence for a few years, and tries to avoid it at as much as possible, but when he’s here, he has to stop at his mother’s grave.
They move to the library, where the furniture has been moved aside and a Devil’s Trap, red and prominent, has been painted on the floor. Castiel raises an eyebrow, but steps around it. Bobby lights up three candles and hands Dean a book.
“It seems like Mister John Doe here was into identity theft,” Turner explains. “Not a single one of these cards are real.”
“Not the whiny bitch part in so many words. I’m just summing up what he essentially told me. Now should we do what Winchesters and the Harvelles do best- drink and hustle pool.”
“All part of the life,” Dean grins. “You can’t work nine to five as a hunter. You just have to make do.”
“You didn’t like it?” Castiel shrugs. “It was better than that glass cube thing. That was a piece of junk being oversold as art,” Dean laughs. The rest of the group laugh too, except for Castiel.
Gabriel does not have this moral dilemma. Maybe he was an angel in a past life and feels that he gets a free pass in this one because of this, but Gabriel doesn’t seem to mind making money off of
His dad tells him he deserved that and Dean wonders if John would have the same response if Dean told him what really happened.
There is stranger staring at him- one with bright blue eyes (the blue he must have seen when he first woke) and dark hair that sticks up and makes him look like a startled rabbit. The dude continues to stare at him, tilting his head to one side.
The body doesn’t look like it could have been a random attack by a dog- it seems more likely a bear- or something larger. The body is torn, limb from limb and completely mauled, and there are slashes across the body that are larger than any dog could make.
So the pie shop may be rewarding, but that doesn’t mean Castiel wouldn’t mind some extra cash to- say- replace the trench coat he’s owned since high school.
Dean doesn’t look up from the menu. “Pretty much. After mom died, Dad was convinced it had to be something more than just an aneurysm. He left Lawrence and started poking around, somehow stumbled across all this stuff. Raised Sammy and me into the life. He never did find what killed her- thought it was some yellow-eyed demon, but he died before we found out. By that time Sammy was in school, and he was barely speaking to me. Didn’t like my lifestyle choices. I had nothing left, so I thought I could keep on hunting before I picked up this case. Hey, you okay?”
Dean remembers hearing that line on the news, loud and clear, and thinking, “but what the hell does that mean?”
series aren’t to my taste, but I was Chuck’s roommate in college and I’m here to support him,” Castiel frowns. “I thought it was your job to promote Chuck’s books, not discourage sales.”
Bobby’s having a blast just to spite Dean. Dean can see him in the centre of the room with a group of people, all of them laughing at some dumb joke Bobby has said. Suddenly, the crowd begins to disperse and to Dean’s horror, he could see Bobby walking towards him with a shorter stout man next to him.
Castiel rolls his eyes at his cousin. Behind him comes the sound of the door opening and Castiel glances up to see Dean Winchester entering, wearing sunglasses and Castiel’s clothing. Next to him, looking extremely tiny and vibrating with excitement, is Becky. Dean zeros in on Castiel and moves towards them with a purpose. Castiel groans just as Dean sits across from him- right next to Gabriel. Becky has followed and is practically bouncing next to them.
“Looking good, Frankenstein,” Gabriel says, pushing into the room. Dean steps aside and opens the door so Castiel can enter.
“I’m pulling out the big guns.” Castiel raises a questioning eyebrow. “Kali,” Gabriel says as if that’s an explanation. Kali had been Gabriel’s last serious girlfriend, which had ended in disaster like all of Gabriel’s hook-ups. It surprises him that Gabriel would have kept in touch with her.
- and he’s reluctant to leave the guest bedroom. His head is still pounding from the information he had learned last night and it pains him to see the man that Dean has turned into. Never had he expected Dean to become this…
Dean looks around, wiping the rainwater from his face. The museum is crowded with the people seeking shelter from the storm. Cas’s face lights up when he sees the main display- something about exploring space. Dean, whose interest in space extends only to TV (i.e. Star Trek), can’t protest with that look of delight on Cas’s face.
“No. Have you ever heard of calling at a decent hour?” Bobby snaps. Apparently angels don’t answer those sorts of prayers.
“It was hard to avoid. You’ve been all over the news for the last couple of days. The town has been…
Dean could kill Chuck. Chuck had begged (on bended knee and everything) for Dean not to reveal the introduction of the angels, and now a drunk-off-of-Purple-Nurples Chuck has the just blabbed something that Dean has painfully tried to conceal. From behind him, he can hear Bobby mutter, “idjit.”
“You’re telling me,” Gabriel says, picking up the file next to the body. “I mean that’s what the police think and hey, they’re never wrong.” Gabriel lets out an eye roll at this. Needless to say, the cops and Gabriel have never really gotten along. “I mean she was found in an upper-level apartment building with all her doors and windows locked. They’re just nervous cause if it wasn’t a dog, then what was it?”
“My daddy is over there,” she says pointing to a figure on the park bench that overlooked the pond. It looked to be the same one as the one he and Dean had spent the entire night on, talking until the sun had risen the next day. The figure rises quickly and begins hurrying over to Castiel’s direction.
Castiel just wants Dean to know that he’s sorry. Sorry for his childish mistake that had lead to him causing the death of Dean’s mother. Sorry that Mary Winchester had to die for nothing. There was no switch of life- Castiel’s mother had died as soon as she had kissed him goodnight, like a twisted fairy tale that Castiel has to live with. He’s sorry that his apparent ability or gift has ruined Dean’s life.
“Like that hasn’t occurred to me,” Dean snaps. It has- multiple times. But every time he has the phone in his hand and his thumb on the call button, he freezes. He’s been ignoring the guy for a couple of weeks now and Dean’s afraid of the icy reception he will receive when he calls. It’s not like calling a girl back in high school when you know that she’ll act all mad at first and then forgive you. Castiel is grown man and he’s not going to take kindly to being ignored. “I just can’t.”
Castiel is standing awkwardly just outside the front entrance, cell phone at his ear and that ugly trench coat in his arms. As Dean walks out, he hears a sigh of defeat as Castiel closes his phone.
Some days Castiel forgets that he caused Mary Winchester’s death. He had spent most of his teenage years waking in cold sweat with the memory of Mary lying dead in her front year and Dean screaming and crying. The only way he could think of honouring her was by making pies- hoping that others would find the comfort in the food like he had. Each pie he makes he sees as an extension of the love she could no longer give. This had placed him in some sort of peace- or at least, kept him too busy to think. With the events of last night, he had forgotten the entire reason he brought Dean back from the dead. Maybe brining back Dean was his final redemption for Mary Winchester.
Dean reaches out to turn up the volume on the radio. Castiel knows that this is a blocking method, an easy way to tell people he doesn’t want to talk about something, so Castiel moves his hand over the knob.
“My dad,” Dean mumbles. Sam looks to his brother, lines of worry appearing upon the younger boy’s face.
Ellen’s eyes also narrow when she looks at Sam and Dean can’t blame her for that either. Something about Sam is off this evening and it seems so obvious. Dean was certain Jess would notice and would comment on it. For the life of him, Dean couldn’t figure out what was bothering Sam. It couldn’t have been a case because Dean remembered his brother bragging about how relaxing work was at the moment (which was totally unfair as Dean was dealing with a high-stress writer currently and the return of subpar book series). It couldn’t have been Jess, because Jess and Sam were considered the perfect couple- almost nauseatingly so. They were seemingly All-American in how they met during college, and how they married shortly after Sam graduated from law school. They both worked well-paying jobs and were young, intelligent and well adjusted. Hell, Dean hadn’t even seen them fight once. Yet tonight, Sam was nervous and, despite the fact he was leading the conversation, distant.
Dean nods, clenching his teeth as he opens the car door. “Looks like. You stay here,” he tells Castiel not really given him the choice either way.
“It’s Dean Winchester. He murdered and tortured a couple of girls a few years back,” she tells him, her voice getting higher and higher like she’s excited about this fact. “He was killed before they could arrest him. Apparently he faked his death and it turns out he was linked with like a dozen different crimes. Managed to slip under the FBI’s radar and completely disappeared. Until now, of course.”
There is small smile on Castiel’s face, but Sam misses it. Castiel turns over another folder and opens it. “I have tried to make full use of them.”
“Yeah, well you seem to be doing just fine with your pie business,” Gabriel says, taking a swipe at the icing sugar on the counter. Castiel rolls his eyes at Gabriel making a slightly orgasmic noise as he licks the sugar from his fingers. “Whereas I am struggling.”
“No, I’ll be fine.” Castiel blows his nose loudly, almost drowning out the noise coming from upstairs.
“You’re not allowed to spend a great deal of time with person and then ignore him, making him feel like a stalker every time he tries to contact you. I
“Where does he get off dissing Westerns?” Dean rages as Jo passes out coasters. “Also, where were you guys when he was abusing Eastwood. You both love him.”
“Give it back,” Sammy huffs, jumping up to grab the Batman toy. This only makes Dean laugh harder and raise the toy higher. To Castiel’s amusement, Sammy tries to tackle Dean. Dean, surprised by the action, topples over and the struggle for the toy becomes a wrestling match that Dean is clearly going to win.
“Dean,” Castiel says, moving towards him. “You understand that if I could, I would take everything back. I would have done anything if it meant your mother could have survived.”
The first part had been a bust, but the second part of the exhibit was photographs. This he understood, although in this case, it seemed to be a display of hipster photographs of half of a bike wheel or rain or something. He was looking at bits of something, an incomplete picture, and it was kind of pissing him off.
“I wouldn’t say closure,” he finally replies. “In fact, it may have opened another matter entirely.”
“I don’t think that would be a good idea,” he states, rubbing the back of his neck. For a second, Castiel looks disappointed and Dean wants to take back his denial.
Or at least that’s what he told himself. If the moping of pre-Castiel phone call was painful and childish, Dean’s mental state after his talk with Cas was just downright pathetic. Bobby’s extension of caring had worn out long before Dean had made that phone call, and it certainly didn’t reappear after. Bobby just ignores the sight of Dean eating at his desk and no longer tries to correct it. Finally, after three days of this, Bobby stops in front of Dean’s desk and just barks out “if you want a pity-party, you’ve come to the wrong place. Why don’t you take a couple of vacation days and come back when you’re more the little miss sunshine who used to work here.”
“I think Jones is overrated,” Sam interrupts. “Actually, I think he might be a candidate for the academy,” he says to Castiel. Castiel lets out a snort of amusement. Dean shoots his brother a questioning look. “Castiel and I have created this academy of the overrated for just deserving people as Carl Jung.”
“God,” Dean laughs after Cas tells Dean about a time in college where Gabriel had managed to fake a UFO spotting, “I wish I had what you had.”
“Hey! Don’t bring me into this,” Bobby mumbles, taking another swig of his beer. “I’ve got nothing to do with you two idjits.”
Castiel’s voice is steadily getting louder- to the point that Dean can hear Castiel’s dog barking in the background.
With Sam gone, Castiel moves his chair closer to the bed. He leans in and gives Dean a peck on the lips. Dean returns it greedily, biting gently at Castiel’s lips. He’s been waiting for so long to do that. Castiel pulls away, a smile wide upon his face, looking slightly flushed.
Turns out Space is pretty neat, even if Dean’s love of it extends only to stargazing and Star Trek. The exhibit consists mainly of a dark room that is lit by the light of the glowing planets in the solar system. It’s cool, but the best part for Dean is watching Cas’s face light up at each display. Cas spits out trivia at the same rate that Dean makes pop culture references, and their afternoon is traced by random tidbits that Cas spurts out and the smile that Cas makes when Dean compliments him on his knowledge. It was amazing that one person could so casually toss out so much information and Dean was beginning to suspect that Castiel Novak was a bit of a nerd.
Sam laughs silently next to Castiel. Dean glares at his brother, hoping Sam will defend him. Jo isn’t going to help; Dean can hear her snickering next to him.
“Ah yes, hello there my favourite pie maker! Have you finally decided to pay attention to the wonderful medium of television? Are you sure you can afford to spoil your brain with all those pop culture references?”
Mary Winchester’s grave never has flowers on it- his father didn’t stick around long enough to see headstone raised, let alone leave any flowers. It wasn’t until after he buried his dad that Dean even got to see where Mary was buried.
It was in a crowded booth at the Harvelle Roadhouse Bar that Dean Winchester discovered that his brother was having an affair.
“But seriously, why have you been ignoring Cas?” he says, his eyes widening to the unbearable ‘puppy-eye’ thing that he does.
that people go to when they fight with their lovers, especially when it comes to Castiel. This sort of relationship is going to hurt him, but that doesn’t seem to stop him for letting Cas in.
“Because you two are dating and I have feelings for him! I mean not dating, but having this serious and passionate love affair. And he kissed me! Not on the mouth, but still, he kissed me like I meant something to him. I didn’t mean to get between the two of you, Sammy, but he did kiss me firs-”
“No, I do understand, but I’m not letting some Feds stop me from finding Sammy. He’s my brother, and he needs to know that I’m alive.”
Well folks, this is all I have written so this might be the last update for a while because a) I'm a slow writer, and b) I'm not sure quite sure where to go next. Thanks for the comments and the kudos and hopefully I'll have more up soon!
“Dean, calm down,” he hears Bobby say before he feels the knife being taken from his hand. “And leave my furniture alone.”
Dean doesn’t see it though. Chuck is small, squirrelly looking, unshaven and shakes like he has the DTs (which Dean suspects might be the case). Chuck looks out of place with his rumpled jeans and stained t-shirt, although it’s a vast improvement from his usual boxer/housecoat combination that Dean usually sees him in when they conference at Chuck’s house. The fact that Chuck has even left his house is considered remarkable, but Dean thinks otherwise.
“Well, are you just going to sit there gawking? Or are you going put some pants on?” Dean urges, throwing a pair of jeans at Cas. Castiel hurries to put them on, almost missing Dean announcing, “We’re just going to make one more pit stop before we go.”
to be. He had been camping out in an old abandoned house, just until he could get the next credit card he needed, and the next thing he knew, he was being carved alive, watching as someone took out a silver knife and begin slicing into him. The pain was unbearable, and he kept slipping in and out of conscious, only to wake to another implement being shoved into him. Finally he began to fade out and everything was black.
“Nope!” Gabriel gives Dean a pointed look. “Unless some former corpse comes forward and starts talking, he’s going to keep killing, and keep hurting people.”
cheated on her. I honestly don’t know what I was thinking,” he tells Dean as they move to Sam’s kitchen. “Actually, she reacted better than I thought. She told me she just needed space right now, time to think. I had to give her that.”
“You really think that Dean? I think you’ll find that there is a vast difference between our personalities. You’re a piss-poor replacement for me,” Sam laughs.
“So, Cassie, how did your old date with Ted Bundy go? Did you get the closure you so desired?” Gabriel chuckles. “He didn’t try and strangle you, did he?”
“Nah, Sam’s just in the high of his relationship. Once it cools, he’ll be back with Jess and everything will be fine again.”
“Um…” Castiel says. Dean points to the ground where Emma is still sitting, absentmindedly petting the dog, her attention on her father and Castiel, her eyes wide. “Oh, right. Maybe we should continue this another time.”
“I know, I know. It was dick move. I’m really sorry. If there’s anything I could do to make it up to you.”
“Think this is where they are?” Dean asks, turning to Castiel with a grin. The poor guy is staring at the bodies. “Don’t touch them, don’t need a zombie army of demons running around.”
“Sounds like you picked yourself a winner there, Sammy,” Dean scoffs. This is typical of Sam. Sam has this great girl, perfect some might say, and he’s running around with some slut that could lead him to ruins. Jess is the only girl Dean has every approved of and Sam can’t be happy with just her.
Does it mean Cas is above sexual identities or does it mean he doesn’t care about what humans decide to label their sex lives. Not that he really has time to process it, what with Cas being God and all.
“You said that the last time we met,” Dean laughs. “I still don’t understand what you meant by that.”
. He remembers how she used to invite Castiel over for pie. She never said outright what she was doing, but Dean would come home and find a pie-smeared plate always in the same location and his mother talking about how nice Cas was and why doesn’t Dean try and hang out with him more. The poor guy had a less than ideal family life, Dean remembers, and Mary just had so much love to share. She used to scold him whenever Dean joked about Castiel, always telling him there was something special about that Novak boy. Guess she was right in the end.
Castiel looks down and retches. “You lied,” he says turning his head. Great, now he’s looking at another corpse.
“The police will have to call the coroner to attest this. Do you have anyone you can call? Your dad? A grandparent?”
Dean falters and lowers his gun. This sounds like all kinds of wrong to him. Dean’s said it before and he’ll say it again, what is dead should stay dead.
Maybe it’s the alcohol (it’s probably that), maybe it’s because David makes him feel good about what he does, makes it worth it, and maybe it’s because he’s kind of adorable, geeking out like this, Dean leans forwards and kisses him.
She pouts but doesn’t protest when Dean picks her up and carries her to the bathroom. One surprisingly un-messy bath later, they’re on the way to the park with a bag of bread to feed the ducks there. It’s the perfect sight for Dean, watching Emma as she chases after ducks and as she throws pieces of bread at the un-amused birds. He quickly snaps a picture of her being chased by a duck for Sam, sending it with a smirk. That smirk quickly disappears when he looks up to see that Emma is nowhere in sight.
Gabriel’s eyes light up at that. “What, no missing posters? Nothing on the news? He’s a good-looking corpse, scratch marks aside. Someone’s gotta be missing him.”
The thing is that Dean didn’t just baby Sam; he also babied Castiel, former angel of the lord and the third occupant of the Batcave. Dean’s approach to child-care was less the tender-loving sort and more the hovering/ yelling kind, which he applied to both Sam and Cas. Although Sam was use to this treatment, Cas was not and Sam had to watch poor Castiel suffer through Dean's attempts of caring for the last couple of months.
Sam lets out a watery scoff, but opens the door so that Dean can come in. “No, you were right. I shouldn’t have lied to Jess. I should have
Sam turns red. “Bobby says that’s there’s an exception,” he coughs. “Apparently it’s irreversible if the two people share a…
“First off, don’t call me that ever again, and second, I told you, I know where they’re going to strike next.”
“I’ve saved your ass, that’s for sure. Kali has promised me that the Dean Winchester case has been closed- for good- unless he gets caught, you know, murdering someone. Thanks to typical bureaucratic incompetence, the Feds haven’t heard that his body is missing. One agent is dead though- some Victor guy who was guarding the morgue, so they’re busy with that. Kali is sending some thugs to keep the Turner dude silent, and I guess we have a dead man walking to take care of. I say you go touch the guy and we can just slip him back in the morgue. Everything back to normal. Or as normal as we’re going to get with you.”
“Yeah, he was a neighbour back when I was like fourteen or something, before we left Lawrence. He was a nice kid. Kind of nerdy though. My mom seemed to like him.”
“Yeah! I thought he was your man. Didn’t want to intrude on your Moose territory,” Dean jokes. Sam shoots him another bitchface before looking all serious again and leans in with a hand out like he wants to touch Dean’s hand.
“Dean, it seemed pretty clear to me what your feelings were towards me when you started ignoring me.”
“How do you feel about angels?” he hears Chuck tell the crowd, “yeah, because let me tell you, they’re not as lame as you think.”
“Other than the fact that I was one that raised you from apparent perdition, you are the serial killer out of the two of us. If anything, I should be the one with trust issues.”
No, this guy, this tiny dude, clearly has the hots for Dean. He’s been giving him the old goo-goo eyes, discreetly glancing away but also saying, “come talk with me” while Dean was trying to interview two seniors about a dead Rabbi. Plus, the guy went on about how they had a “little eye magic” and Dean’s flustered because never in his life has anyone dared to outright flirt with him like that (outside gay bars and truck stops, of course). There’s not two meanings about this, this guy is into Dean.
“Don’t know about the guy,” the bartender says, “She might have called him Sam a couple of times. Her name was Ruby, that’s for sure. Heard him yell at her enough,” the bartender nods before she bends behind the counter.
“Well don’t you look like the cat that caught the cream,” Dean teases, his face still feeling incredible hot. Bobby snorts.
Tonight, Ellen mans the bar (as always), her eyes drifting across the room before landing where Dean sits with his brother, Sam, and Sam’s wife, Jess. Ellen nods she makes eye contact with Dean, but he can see her tense when she spots her daughter, Jo, sitting with them. Dean has been coming to this bar for a few years, but he still doesn’t get total trust from Ellen who is overprotective of her only child. This was partly based on Dean’s well-earned reputation as a womanizer and along with the fact that Jo had harboured a teenaged crush on Dean when they first met. Jo had gotten over that quickly and they had a teasing, but good, friendship.
“How bad is she?” Castiel asks, moving towards Gabriel and the body, careful to avoid accidently touching the other dead body.
The four of them are walking aimlessly down the street. Jo and Sam have taken the outside, which forces Dean into the centre, next to the uncomfortably stiff presence of Castiel Novak, who stands besides him almost as if he is afraid of Dean. Dean isn’t sure what to make of Castiel- he seems quiet, but he’s abrupt to the point of rudeness and he makes the entire conversation feel formal, which is hard for Dean to get around.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” he says, grabbing a flask full of holy water off of Bobby’s desk, splashing it at the demon’s face. Her smirk drops as few droplets hit her face and she begins to scream and cry out in pain. Across the Devil’s Trap, Castiel surges forward, only to be stopped by Bobby.
“Uh-huh,” Mr. Turner says as he slides the twenty over. “Well go right in. Body’s on the right table.”
“Women’s underwear? You are suggesting that the best way to woo Dean is through women’s underpants?”
He would be outraged, but the guy lands another punch, catching him off guard, and Dean is on the ground before he can protest. Another blow is aimed at him and he can feel blood on his face and the air leaving his lungs. He can’t see out of one of his eyes and there’s the taste of iron in his mouth. The man starts kicking him and Dean doesn’t react, doesn’t do anything, just curls up into a ball, crying out for help. If his dad could see him now…
“He’s bluffing, Castiel, he doesn’t know anything. He’s just playing you so that you don’t zap him before he sees his younger brother.”
The fact that he knows the corpse makes it slightly less bearable to look at it. Still, pale, and completely torn and broken lays someone who Castiel had seen laugh and play, had watched carefully at night in a frustrated and misunderstood childhood crush. Someone who had been his first kiss. Now there’s nothing left.
Dean’s another problem of Castiel’s. Once again, here is another person that Castiel isn’t sure about when it comes to in terms of their relationship. They aren’t friends, nor are they strangers, but they seem friendlier than just mere acquaintances. Although Castiel is grateful for Sam’s friendship, he has found that his best memories since his move come from Dean. Dean is passionate, but this passion is emotionally based rather than intellectually and this is so different from the lawyers he spends most his days with. Dean is humorous, or at least Castiel thinks Dean is, since Dean keeps making references that Castiel doesn’t quite understand. Dean also doesn’t seem to mind that Castiel is awkward and, in fact, Dean makes himself feel more comfortable with himself than anyone else. And it’s difficult for Castiel that Sam is keeping at a distance, because he would like Sam’s permission and advice for pursuing a relationship with Dean.
“Whoa,” Gabriel yells out, pulling Castiel behind him. “Sorry, zombie boy, but I’m not having you drop in here. There’s health codes and stuff we have to follow. So can your angst and we’ll bring you back to the morgue so we can send you back to sleep.”
just a minute ago. There’s a blush of embarrassment on her face and she’s slightly pale, but nothing like the paleness of when Castiel had first entered the room.
“Really?” Cas says with disbelief, turning to look at Dean. “I thought no one liked Westerns after the age of ten.”
“Nothing,” Sam mutters, looking at the beer in his hands. Dean rolls his eyes. It was like talking with 15-year old Sammy, the moody emo kid that Dean hoped to never see again.
Dean’s not sure what the hell Castiel is talking about, but he thinks he might be referring to his friendship with Jo. Sam mentioned that it’s kind of creepy that a 30-year old hangs out with a 20-year-old, and Dean guesses Cas thinks so too.
“I’d gathered that, otherwise you wouldn’t have called me. I’m asking what you want with me? Since you’ve have stopped any attempts I’ve done to try to contact you, I assume it’s not my company.”
“Or what, you’re going to zap me back to Hell?” Dean snaps. “Sorry buddy, but I’d rather be dead than stuck here with some necromancer freak.”
“Dean Winchester, you better be ready to go out in ten minutes,” Jo announces on the phone. “My shift just ended and I have been told that someone here needs a little cheering up.”
Mr. Turner eyes the bill. Castiel wonders how much business he’ll lose if people find out that he tried to sneak into a morgue.
After that, he quits trying to sleep and gets up to make breakfast. Castiel enters the kitchen just after 9, looking less than pleased to be awake. Dean’s only spent two nights with Castiel and he already knows the dude’s a grump when he wakes up. Still, he doesn’t try to be pleasant- he doesn’t want to. While Castiel might look all cute disgruntled, Dean still hasn’t forgiven him for purposely lying to him. A better person would have acknowledged Cas’s greeting, but Dean’s never been the better person and he ignores him.
“Hey, guys,” he says weakly. Dean doesn’t pull away, although Cas quickly moves his hand away. Dean gives him a lazy smile. “Hey, Sammy.”
“So what are you going to do for cash?” Sam asks carefully. “I mean this hasn’t been the first time you’ve been short, Dean. I could… I could lend you some.”
Castiel watches as Bobby reaches out and touches Dean. He thinks for a moment that all is well, but again Bobby swings to take a stab at Dean. Dean moves fast, deflecting the blade once again and grabbing Bobby’s arm.
“Dude, what’s up?” Dean asks when Jess excuses herself to use the bathroom and Jo had cleared off to finish her shift.
“Dude, I’m sorry if I led you on. I honestly just panicked and that was the first thing that came to mind. I’m cool with it,” he quickly adds when he sees Dean’s face, which is probably red. “Actually I’m flattered that you would be interested. You’re a really attractive guy! Like if I swung that way, I would.”
“Need a ride?” he asks. Castiel looks up quickly, his blue eyes widening with surprise. No man in his thirties should look so innocent. Dean swallows hard and waves his car keys at Castiel.
as an art gallery. Yet, here he was with Jo, wasting a Saturday looking at art. Which was fine, except that it was modern art. Art like Monet he got, it was boring, but he got it. Spending the day looking at twisted metal that represented the struggle of man or some crap like that was another matter. If he wanted to look at metal he could spend the day fixing his car, which was right now sitting at a friend’s garage without a carburettor. Sadly, he had made plans to hang out with Jo, and it was her turn to pick and she didn’t want to go to Monster Trucks again.
Gabriel is right. When Castiel returns to his apartment, he finds Dean sitting in his living room, nursing what appears to be a bottle of Jack. Dean barely gives Castiel a second glance when he enters.
He’s heard the term thrown at small thin dudes who like theatre, has heard his father curtly use it when passing certain men, has heard it tossed around locker rooms for the entirety of his high school career, but it’s never been directly aimed at him.
Dean glances over and coughs. “We don’t know about you yet. Bobby’s never heard of anything that matches the likes of you… but you seem like an okay-guy. I mean, come on, you make pies for a living, for god sakes! You’re kind of in the grey area for this stuff.”
, ignores her father for the attention of Waffles. Dean lets out a frustrated huff and looks as if he’s about to snap.
The apparent John Doe had looked oddly familiar to him, yet he can’t place where from. While it’s slightly morbid, Castiel’s thoughts keep drifting to the morgue and to the torn apart corpse he had seen there.
“I thought I would just sit here quietly,” Castiel replies sarcastically, although honestly, it’s not that far from the truth.
“It doesn’t work like that. If I bring the agent back, someone else living will have to die in his place. Can’t you just stay alive?” he pleads.
“Like I said, I was tailing you,” Aaron replies, pushing a stein of beer towards him. “Gotta say, kind of didn’t expect it to go down that way, thought you might punch me for flirting with you.”
“Yeah, but I don’t think readers are going to buy that. They’ve been waiting three years for you to continue writing this series and they’re getting angels. Not only that- angels who are dicks!”
“Of course. We were just waiting for you,” Sam says, smiling at her before giving Dean a pointed look.
Fate has other things in mind for Castiel, for as he steps forwards he trips on his own two feet. To steady himself and before he can think, he grabs Dean’s shoulder.
“I did say that Dean and I do share a more profound bond,” Cas supplies. At least now, Dean has the good grace to look guilty.
“Becky, do you not have some pies to serve?” Castiel asks roughly. Gabriel is still staring at Castiel with a small knowing smirk on his face. Castiel has seen that smirk many of times; usually when he’s about to get a large amount of blame placed on him.
“Yeah, I’m willing to admit when I’ve made a mistake.” Bobby looks at Dean in way that Dean just needs to spill the beans. “I like Cas,” he states.
Dean nods and sits himself down. “You know I’m not always there for the emotional stuff, but I am here if you need me.”
This is his mistake. He should know that bars like this — bars filled with tough bikers, road-weary truckers and seasoned hunters — are not the places where you stick your neck out.
,” Dean yells, jumping off the gurney. The thin sheet that is covering him falls to the floor and now he’s standing in a morgue completely naked with some nerdy-looking stranger staring at him. With his oversized trench coat and the accountant suit underneath, Dean wonders if he’s some lowly FBI employee and if that means that the Feds have finally caught him.
“So Sam told me about your relationship. You guys serious?” Dean asks as they wait for their pie at the counter of the small diner. It’s nearly one in the morning and they make up half of the patrons that are present. Castiel stands next to him with his dachshund in his arms, not paying attention to Dean. “Hey, Cas,”
“Yeah, I know I’ve acted like an ass for the last couple of weeks, but if I could talk to you like face to face, I could explain.”
Castiel frowns. “It seems like a waste of human life if we killed Dean Winchester. Can’t we allow him to stay?”
The demon, this Ruby, nods, looking darkly at him. Dean’s seen this look before- it’s pure hatred, although underneath he can see a glimpse of fear. This is good. He can use that for his advantage.
“Jesus, when did you get into such a good mood,” Dean snaps. “The last week or so you’ve been a total bitch to talk to.”
For a second, Castiel swears that Dean is going to lie to him, but Dean swallows,  “It’s just weird, you know? Waking up and not being, you know,
Although it doesn’t totally excuse Dean’s previous behaviour, this declaration certainly does explain it. It also makes Castiel feel a lot better about himself since he now knows that it wasn’t a fault of his that caused this problem.
), but had agreed to stay together after she found out she was pregnant. It had only lasted two years before she left him to join some lesbian colony (okay, had left him for another woman who just so happened to be part of this weird colony-like thing), taking Emma with her, which had left him to deal with a bruised ego and child support.
“Dean,” Castiel states, his voice a low growl in Dean’s ear. “You’re not allowed to sit there and think that because you called me that everything is forgiven between the two of us.”
“Than what is it? What benefit do you get from resurrecting me? I’m not that great of company. Look,” he chuckles lowly, “I’m practically useless to you.”
“How you feel towards him,” Sam prompted. Cas shoots another confused look at Sam, who replies with a frustrated huff. “I know you are in love with Dean.” (Everyone knows, Sam thinks). “It’s alright to admit it, Cas. I’m pretty sure that Dean feels the same about you. But if you’re waiting for Dean to admit it, forget it. Dean doesn’t speak emotionally-well balanced.”
Castiel hasn’t heard anything about Dean Winchester or his younger brother since he was twelve years old. The Winchesters had left Lawrence right after Mary’s funeral, which had been the last time Castiel had seen either of the Winchesters before he was shipped off to boarding school by his father. When he had returned for the Thanksgiving holiday, the house across from the Novaks had been sold, and an elderly couple who gave Castiel cold looks lived there. His father had refused to talk about the move, but then, Charles Novak had refused to talk about a lot of things with Castiel.
Castiel knows that this is not a victory by any means, but he steps aside, careful to avoid any contact with Dean and moves to other side of the car. Dean gets in, muttering to himself as he turns on the engine.
Bobby still looks at him suspiciously when he enters the kitchen. It must be hard for a man to let something
. He expected Mary’s death to harden Dean, like all deaths do when the young experience them, but he never thought Dean would turn into
“You do have a chance,” Castiel says carefully. “I mean, once we find the people who killed you and Sammy, you don’t
Castiel expects the two men to embrace, to greet each other, but Bobby moves surprisingly quickly for a man of his age, bringing out a knife. Dean is quicker though, dodging the knife before being taken by surprise by a punch to the face.
Ruby looks down at the blade, chuckling. “You think that butter knife is going to do anything?” She grabs Dean’s arm, twisting it away from her and pushes him to the ground, the knife breaking the paint as Dean falls. Before Dean can turn over, she’s gone.
Dean doesn’t sleep that night. His dreams are filled with blood, hidden by dark and the only thing he can remember when he wakes is a pair of yellow eyes staring up at him. Castiel has to wake him again and once again he’s lost before he realizes where he is and that he’s alive. This must be how soldiers feel when they return from war, knowing that they’ve faced Hell and must still keep going through the ordinary. He’s not sure he can do this every night- that falling asleep is even an option.
A hurt look flickers across Castiel’s face, and Dean can feel Cas’s hand pull away. He grips tighter, refusing to let Castiel part from him.
Sam gets up and shifts through his pocket for the keys. Castiel and Dean stand awkwardly next to each other. Honestly, would those two ever get a hint?
Dean nods and they move to the living room. Sam falls asleep first, leaving Dean with the image an overgrown moose that doesn’t quite fit on the couch before Dean too falls asleep.
“You said there weren’t any consequences,” Dean growls. “But now some guy- this Victor dude- is dead because of me. You want to explain? And this time,
“We have to find him,” Castiel tells Gabriel. Gabriel nods, but doesn’t look too bothered by this fact.
“I need you to trust me on this. I need to see the body. The Dean Winchester I knew would have never hurt anyone.”
He can’t breathe and he can feel the panic growing within him. He takes a deep breath, and lifts the cover.
“I’d say we should shake on it,” Dean chuckles, “but that would kind mean me backing on my side of the bargain. We have a deal?”
Sam and Ruby stop at a large, centuries-old looking building that’s clearly been abandoned. According to a rusting, half illegible sign, it’s St. Mary’s Convent, because of course that’s where a demon and his brother want to spend their free night- at a convent.
Castiel, age twelve, had spent most of the afternoon in Old Farmer Joshua’s backfields with his cousin Gabriel. It had been a day spent looking for small critters for Cas to study (and for Gabriel to torment) before it had turned into a never-ending round of hide ‘n’ seek that Gabriel had without a doubt won. Tired, but with the endless energy that all twelve year olds seemed to have, Castiel had walked home, certain that he would return to find his mother making dinner and his father locked in his office under the guise of working on his next great America novel, but secretly drinking.
“Please Balthazar,” Castiel protests, his face turning red again. “I’m from Illinois, we don’t talk about these things.”
“I don’t know! Okay? We’ll cross that bridge when we get there. Right now I’m a little more focused on finding Sammy, killing those sons of bitches and heading back to Hell. Just don’t got all dark side on me, and we’ll be fine.”
Castiel knows better than to argue with his cousin, so he slices Gabriel a piece of gooseberry and moves to a booth in the front of the restaurant.
“Well, if you are Dean Winchester, got to say, Sam didn’t care that much for you. You left him all alone to defend himself. Even if he knew you were alive, he wouldn’t want to speak to you.”
They stop at a green painted house in what looks like the middle of suburbia. It takes a moment before Castiel realizes that this is the Winchester’s old home.
He reaches over for a plastic bag that holds all the man’s earthly possessions and dumps it on the table. Out spills what appears to be a collection of IDs. Gabriel begins shuffling through them with a passing interest. All the pieces have the man’s face on them.
Some would call it hiding- Castiel prefers to call it thorough baking- but he spends most of the day in the kitchen, avoiding any contact with customers and with Becky. He fears this batch might be his worst yet. He’s too nervous to pay attention to the ingredients he’s mixing, and two of his pies have been severely undercooked. It’s almost a relief when Gabriel barges in. Almost.
Hours into their drive, they stop at an off road diner, the kind that is only frequented by truckers and lost tourists. Sure enough, there are two truckers sitting at the counter and there’s a bored middle-aged waitress who barely glances over at them when they enter. They take a booth that is the furthest away from the group, hoping not to draw suspicion.
Even with a pissed off demon standing in the middle of the room, Castiel rolls his eyes. Dean shoots him a grin and a shrug. “What? It’s true.”
He grabs a beer and turns on the Pay-Per-View (courtesy of Gabriel Novak) and settles down just as there’s a knock on the door.
Instantly, the hurt-puppy look is gone from Chuck’s face and Dean can hear him stutter out a ‘thank you’. Dean just shakes him off. Bobby might love the books, but if Dean had any say in the matter those books would have never seen the light of day.
“That’s a healthy piece of toilet paper you got there,” Dean tells Cas with a snicker. Castiel gives the toilet paper roll a puzzled look before he lets out weak chortle.
Bobby nods. “You’re a good guy, Castiel. And no matter what Dean wants you to think, he’s one too. Maybe when all this blows over, you two can be good together.”
“So, you’re going to be arrested again?” Dean asks, taking a sip of his beer. “Do I need to bail you out?”
“Uh, hello,” Gabriel says, knocking on Castiel’s head. “Have you been listening to any of the words coming out of your mouth? Castiel, I’m sure if you figured out the seriousness of the situation. One FBI agent is dead because of you and we have a guy who can’t even spend one afternoon in your apartment without going AWOL walking around here. For the sake of, oh
The question weighs heavy, and when Cas really comes back, Dean feels like he can breathe again, that he can stand up and deal with the world, but course, Cas decides to take all that hurt, all that crazy and put it back into him, and Dean is left, once again, with questions and uncertainties.
Sam’s shoulders begin shaking. Sam doubles over and collapses onto the table, his entire body vibrating with laughter. He’s laughing so hard that a couple of people in the bar turn to stare at them. Dean moves further into the booth. Even Ellen, whose cleaning some glasses shoots them a concerned look.
Breakfast is predictable awkward, made more so by the pitying looks that Bobby keeps giving him. Bobby doesn’t say a word either, and Castiel suspects that the man might have overheard the conversation last night- it was hard not to- and is probably just as pissed off at Castiel as Dean is. Dean doesn’t speak the entire meal, just inhales breakfast before heading upstairs, only to appear five minutes later with a duffle bag over his shoulder and the keys for the Impala dangling in his hands. He pauses at the door.
“Bobby says that’s all he can find,” Sam shrugs. “Don’t know, sounds like you guys are off the hook this time.”
“Yeah, it’s this girl that Sammy’s been travelling with, or at least that’s what she wants us to think. One of Bobby’s contacts reported seeing Sam with some chick named Ruby a few months back- cute girl with blonde hair. One of the bartenders I talked to last night said she’s seen Sam with a girl named Ruby, but get this; she’s a brunette with completely different features.”
waiting for him in his room. The only reminder of the incident left is the feeling of unease that has gathered in the pit of his stomach.
“Cas, the weather’s not really living up to what you were promising,” Dean yells, half-jokingly, although he’s pretty sure he’s been droned out by the sound of thunder.
Castiel is greeted by the smell of coffee when he wakes, but the cup is cold and Dean is nowhere in sight. There’s not really anything he can do- he doesn’t want to leave the room and miss Dean, and so he waits in the hotel room, watching an old cartoon about a coyote and his futile quest to kill a bird.
“Of course,” Castiel reluctantly agrees. He’s not sure what is going through Dean’s head, but if it means that Dean is willing to stick around for a while, he’s all for it.
The man is mauled in a similar fashion to Talbot. His face is torn in half by what looks like a large animal claw and the rest of body is marked with angry red gashes.
Obviously Castiel is not happy about being woken up and shuffled upstairs to the spare bedroom, but Dean chuckles at how owl-like Cas looks- all wide-eye and ruffled- when Bobby shakes him awake. Castiel hears him and shoots him a dirty look before following Bobby upstairs.
“Dean,” Sam says, almost as if he’s taken aback by the gesture of Dean showing up. This hurts, and makes Dean feel like an even bigger jerk than usual.
“You heard that demon skank. He doesn’t want to see me. Guess he’s not that torn up about my death. Better touch me now and send me back to Hell.”
For the second time that day, Castiel hangs up on Dean. If the first phone call had been discouraging, the second one had left Dean feeling guiltier than he thought humanly possible. Whatever hope he had of making things up with Cas had been wiped out before Dean could even map out the plan. It seemed like an even bigger sense of failure, but he turned to the whiskey bottle brought out for courage and began drinking from it to push away whatever feelings he held at the moment. Tomorrow he could face the day, hung-over or not, but tonight he felt like wallowing in self-pity.
- to collect the body. Castiel knows he’s being stupid, but one look at Dean and he also knows that he’s done the right thing. Whatever Dean did, supposed serial killing aside, there must be a reason that Castiel has found him again after all those years. Castiel has faith in that.
“So I take it that your search last night was successful?” Castiel asks, sitting up. “What did you find?”
“Castiel,” Balthazar laughs. “You haven’t told Dean here about your humble origins as a preacher’s son from Illinois.” Balthazar turns to Dean. “We have to be delicate around him. He’s practically a virgin. Well, almost.” Balthazar reaches over to pinch Castiel’s red cheeks, which Castiel quickly shakes off. “Ah, now he’s shy.”
Dean is turning red. Sam had warned that Dean wasn’t good with “emotional” stuff and Castiel could see how uncomfortable this conversation was making him.
“No, I don’t want to talk about it. Thanks for asking, but it’s better if you leave it alone,” Dean says briskly, slamming the bathroom door behind him.
“Maybe, you spent it on booze,” Sam suggests and Dean certain he can sense smugness in the tone. Sam has always disapproved of Dean’s drinking habit, but the brothers had an unspoken agreement that if Dean left Sam’s love life alone (and his hair length), Sam would leave Dean’s love of alcohol alone. Dean ignores his brother remark, and continues shuffling through the bills.
Dean returns late that night, although he doesn’t even bother trying to sneak in. Castiel wakes to the slam of door being shut and he creeps downstairs to find Dean opening a beer.
“I don’t really know what to do,” Dean confesses, feeling more vulnerable than he should in a dinner jacket and with a glass of wine in his hands. He feels out of place- usually his discussions of feelings (if they occur at all) happen in smoky bars, partially drunk on whiskey or beer.
All right, so the marriage of between Sam and Jess wasn’t perfect. Sam’s high-stressed job had lead to a couple of small affairs on the side. Dean wouldn’t have known about them except that Sam had gotten into a dangerous situation with his last flame, which had resulted in Dean being recruited to pick up the pieces. Dean swore he would keep out of his brother’s love life after that last fiasco, but that still didn’t mean he approved of Sam’s coping methods.
“Hey, that’s no hair off of my back. I’ve got a hot date waiting for me and that’s way better than going on a road trip with Romeo and Juliet.” Castiel scowls at Gabriel, who ignores him. “So where’s baby bro located?”
“It means that I’m an angel and that we do not have genders, don’t understand the concept of sexual orientations or identities. It means this…”
Castiel scoffs at this. Gabriel is currently wearing a suit that cost more than Castiel’s monthly rent and doesn’t seem to mind if he gets flour on it or not since he outright refused the offer of an apron, stating that he didn’t want to look like “Little- Miss Betty Crocker over there”. Gabriel is irritating.
editions that are lining the walls. Bobby and Dean return a few minutes later with Dean looking suspiciously at Castiel. They splash water on him, making him taste salt and ask him to hold out his arm. When Castiel looks to Dean, he is only given a bored ‘go-ahead’ before Bobby cuts into his arm. Bobby nods to Dean, making Dean visibly relax.
Chuck catches Dean’s eyes as he continues to stumble through his speech. Dean mimics the cutting of the throat and he can see Chuck wince even from where he is standing. Chuck mumbles out the rest of the speech and excuses himself hastily.
Gabriel scoffs at this. Gabriel is infuriating- not only because he spends most of his spare time teasing Castiel and harassing customers, but also because he abuses Castiel’s abilities to his advantage. It shouldn’t surprise Castiel, but Gabriel has figured out a way to make money from the dead (and it doesn’t involve working for a funeral home or in life insurance).
“Whatever. I’m saying you need to get out of the house, visit your daughter more, focus on work and clean your goddamn apartment. I had to wade through the junk-food wrappers the last time I visited you.” Jo turns to her whiskey with a visible shudder. “You should also call Sam. He’s not in a great place right now either. I can’t believe you’ve ignored his phone-calls.”
“Only if you touch me,” Castiel says lowly. Dean raises an eyebrow at that, watching the little guy cringe. “I mean to say that I cannot have any physical contact with those I have brought back or else they can die again- for good. I cannot bring the dead back twice.”
Bobby sighs. “Not in my experience. Nothing good can come from defying natural order. You know this. Nothing personal Dean, but the dead are supposed to stay dead.”
“So, what’s the plan?” Gabriel asks, his mouth now stuffed with food. “You two sorted everything out?”
“Bi?” Dean asks, the term feels foreign and uncomfortable rolling off his tongue. David’s face lights up as he explains what it means, what other terms means, how the capacity of human love is not contained in just two little terms.
There’s an intake of breath from the crowd, but Dean just nods, his cheeks wet and a stony expression upon his face. Sam stands next to him, his face wet with tears, watching the police cars that are parking on the street.
Even if Jo is a head shorter than Dean, weighs like a hundred pounds and looks she couldn’t lift over ten pounds, Dean is terrified of her. Which is mainly why he agreed to go out. Jo keeps to her promise of an evening filled with booze and pissing off the newcomers (much to her mother’s protest). They’ve made a killing that night (or at least Jo has, she’s ruthless when it comes to pool) and instead of saving that money like the good responsible adults that they like to pretend they are, they were spending it on the best whiskey that Ellen can provide.
,” Dean chants. It’s really a simple summoning spell with a few tweaks to it and it’s guaranteed to work.
The walk back had been nice- only marred with worry about grass stains that occurred from an impromptu wrestling match that Gabriel had (of course) started. Castiel knows his mother will scold him for it even though it had been entirely Gabriel’s fault. He also knows that Gabriel would get away with it; his older cousin has the ability to charm a nun, and would never be reprimanded for his bad behaviour. Mumbling about the unfairness of this, and the fact that Gabriel always played dirty (Castiel could never gain the upper-hand in their play fights), his evening looked to be spoiled, until he enters his street and hears the yells and whoops coming from his neighbours across the street- the Winchesters.
The muttering stops, but Dean does not wake. Grabbing the blanket on the ground, he wraps it around his hand and shakes Dean. Through the blanket, he can feel a burning heat, so different from when Castiel raised Dean.
“So what have you done about it?” Sam asked Castiel one day when they were alone and were sorting through various amounts of papers in one of the archives. Sam sits on the floor as Castiel stands above him, going through the files on the shelves. Castiel frowns at Sam as he passes him another folder.
“You mean Prince Charming over there brought you back to life, but he can’t claim his reward?” Bobby scoffs.
When he enters the kitchen, he finds Dean Winchester attempting- or rather succeeding- at cooking breakfast, with a big smile on his face as he flips a pancake. It appears that despite the early disturbance, Dean has slept well.
“You’re still in school,” Castiel says with disapproval. “You’re younger than I thought.” As Castiel turns to look at Sam, Dean catches Jo’s eye and she looks like she’s trying to hold in a laugh.
Castiel is sceptical about this. Every corpse he was wakes usually wake like they have fallen asleep for a few minutes before their death. Often they were confused, and fearful- just like how Dean was when Cas had brought him back. In all of Castiel’s experience there’s no such thing as Heaven or hell- Castiel has asked enough to know better. All corpses return with their last memory of being on Earth. There’s no report of seeing fluffy clouds or of the fiery pits of Hell. Except for Dean.
“Facts,” Castiel sighs, “I have a million of them at my finger tips. Did you know that a cat’s penis is sharply barbed?”
“Yeah, everything’s just peachy now,” Dean says, giving Castiel a warning look. They’re the only two people who need to know about their deal and that’s the way it’s going to stay. Gabriel looks disinterested anyway.
“Dean, I know I don’t have the power to stop you from waiting to see your brother, but believe me, I am acting in your best interest. Just wait here for a few days and we can find him- together.”
Dean looks him over, his mouth opened as if he’s stunned, but he still looks hurt and a little surprised. Shaking his head and dropping a few bills on the counter, he turns and leaves the bar.
“Hello, we do not have a great deal of time. You are dead and he-” Castiel points to Gabriel who gives a little wave, “needs to know who killed you,” he rushes out. “Do you know what happened to you?” he adds gently.
The counter is covered with raw ground beef and fresh buns, which means hamburgers for supper- Castiel’s favourite. The radio, sitting on the window ledge that faced the backyard, blares Sam Cooke’s
- or, if you prefer, the story about Dean meeting his future self and where Sam is Satan (literally). Dean had briefly mentioned this event, but hadn’t allowed Sam any of the finer details. So despite the fact that Sam had already lived through these events, and that the writing was pretty awful, Sam was addicted and he plunged deeply into the untold story with pleasure.
“Maybe you should end your relationship with Amelia if it is causing you so much pain,” Castiel points out.
“Hey, Vonnegut is not overrated!” Dean interjects. Castiel scoffs at that while Sam tries to hide his smirk. “While you’re at it, why don’t you add Steven Spielberg?” Dean snaps.
“He doesn’t know,” Castiel whispers quickly. “I never intended to hurt Mary Winchester, but I killed her by proxy. I need Dean to know that.”
Dean arrives back, slurring his words, dropping his coat on the floor, probably aiming for the stool next to him, and plops himself next to Cas. Castiel tries to hide a smile.
“I’m worried about Sam,” Castiel announces as they stand in front of Jupiter, the reds and oranges of the planet washing over their faces. Dean nods to say he’s heard Cas, but he doesn’t want talk about Sam. He doesn’t really want to hear about Cas’s and Sam’s relationship anymore. He can tell Castiel wants to talk, that he’s burning to speak.
“I don’t know, how about the fact that when you introduced us, you said that he was your lover that we were talking about the other night.”
The low murmuring immediately stops when Castiel enters the kitchen the next morning, and he is greeted by a cold hello from Dean. He had expected this and honestly would have been surprised if Dean acted otherwise.
“Castiel used to work with Milton and Crowley in their finance department before he moved firms,” Sam explains.
“For you,” Castiel admits, drawing in a deep breath. “But that is entirely in my hands. I should shoulder that burden, not you.” Dean scoffs, looking away. “Dean, you understand why I can’t touch you?”
Either way, he had come across Castiel crying quietly to himself in the alley behind the kitchen. He doesn’t remember much about that day- his memories of that day are pretty surreal, although some parts are clearer than most; like the blue tie Castiel wore (it had matched his eyes perfectly), like the guilt had flashed in Castiel’s eyes when Dean had stumbled out that door. There had been a few words passed between them, which are long forgotten. Most of all, he remembers Castiel pressing a light kiss to his mouth before running back inside and he remembers being happy that the little nerdy guy that did that, if not confused.
, which was a “fictional” tell-all about their former relationship. Dean had tried to sue, but Sam said that since it was clearly stated that it was as a piece of fictional work, there was nothing they could do. Still, that didn’t mean Dean wanted his personal life read out at his favourite bar.
Castiel smiles at the scene, but can only watch with longing. He has always wanted to befriend the Winchester boys since his family had moved in, but he was stuck between the two of them in ages and at twelve the differences between them felt vast. Dean is taller than Castiel and has started to gain a muscular figure that marked the transition from the cute (but beautiful) boy to a promisingly handsome teenager. Next to Dean, Castiel is too skinny, too short. He can’t be near Dean without feeling hyperaware of his every action. He’s gawky and awkward in the way that Dean is graceful and athletic and Castiel did not need the constant reminder of that fact.
Sam shrugs and Dean can see him shaking his head in the corner of his eye. “You guys have been hanging out a lot lately. Thought you two were friends.”
He’s been in this life since he was four years old and because of this, he has grown up tougher and older than his years. He has killed beings (not humans, just sick imitations of them), has hunted, and has travelled across the country more times than he can count. He’s faced monsters, had limbs broken, and has seen more than any of his peers, and there are permanent markings across his young body that can prove this.
“Fine,” Bobby grumbles. “But I’m researching the hell out of him and if anything suspicious comes up, we’re ganking him.”
Incidentally, the entire reason that Sam stumbled upon this information was because Dean had insisted that Sam should take a break from anything supernatural. This meant that every document in the Batcave was off limits to Sam, which sucked because Sam had planned on spending his free time re-organizing the Men of Letters' stuff. Dean had strictly forbidden Sam from looking at even one little piece of paper that involved the supernatural and because of this, Sam was stuck in his room bored to the point that he resorted to reading the Carver Edlund e-books that Charlie had forced upon him.
“You think me and Castiel are dating?” he chokes out. Dean can see tears starting to run down his brother’s face. “
He doesn’t fall asleep at first. He rarely does. His body is used to few hours of sleep and although he feels the lack of energy, his mind is still wide awake. He waits for Dean to leave the apartment, to go find his younger brother and to abandon Castiel again. But Dean doesn’t- at least not when Castiel is conscious. A few minutes after Castiel gets into bed, he hears Dean settle onto the couch. He continues to wait, but the door never opens and he hears a soft snore coming from the living room. All the tenseness he is feeling drains slowly from his body and he finally falls asleep.
This can’t be true. Castiel knows Dean Winchester- or at least he knew fourteen-year-old Dean Winchester. The man before him might be far cry from his teenager self, but Castiel can see that Dean has changed little in some aspects. Dean had always had a wild, devil-may-care look about him, but it always seemed like a façade. Castiel had seen Dean with his mother and with his younger brother- he always seemed
“Yeah, it’s been the best part of the gallery,” Dean agrees, thinking he has enough knowledge of it to hold a proper conversation.
“On the contrary,” Castiel responds, glancing at the clock. To his surprise it’s already 11. As a baker he rarely sleeps in past 7. The events of yesterday must have really tired him out for him to sleep so long. “Have you heard anything about Sam yet?”
Castiel shakes his head, but moves into the kitchen. Dean shrugs at the refusal and leans against the counter, giving Castiel a mock toast before he brings the bottle to his lips.
“What?” His head begins to pound and the light is still too strong. Why is his neighbour here? What is his neighbour- someone he hasn’t seen since he was fourteen- doing in a morgue? Everything is so white, so clean. There’s a man in a beige trench coat standing before him and Dean was just in Hell.
“I’ll figure something out,” Dean sighs. “Bobby loves it, and it’s Bobby’s word that’s final. I just don’t know how we’re going to do at the Release Party without mentioning angels, but I’ll swing it somehow.”
“Unless he’s hiding a wad of cash up his ass, he’s of no interest to me.” Gabriel moves past the bodies, heading for the door. Castiel should follow, but there’s something familiar about the dead man- something he can’t place. He turns to Gabriel with a pleading look that they ask about the body.
“Do you often ignore the people you are in love with?” Castiel deadpans. Dean looks up, revealing a sheepish grin.
He corners Thomas the next day and threatens the dude, swearing if he hears anything about what happened the day before, he’ll pay, because Dean Winchester isn’t some fucking queer.
“You coming?” he asks, shaking the keys in his hands. Castiel wasn’t sure that Dean would want him to follow… but apparently killing his mother isn’t enough to stop Dean from craving company on the road. Quickly, Castiel finishes his breakfast, hurrying to gather his stuff. Just as he’s about to leave, Bobby grabs his arm and pulls him aside.
But when they exit the bar together and Dean leans over and kisses the guy, he gets smacked in the face.
“Well, you could’ve fooled me. You guys stare at each other like you want to swallow each other whole.”
“Just a wild animal,” Gabriel announces as he draws the sheet over the dead woman. “Case closed on this Bela Talbot girl.”
“I’m not following through with that. I thought you would have figured that out by now. I’m not going to kill you.”
“When I brought Dean back from the dead, I only meant it for the minute, but I did not have the time to gain the closure I was seeking.”
“And that’s what I’ve been doing since.” It doesn’t sound like much- at least compared to Dean, who has travelled around the country and has seen almost every walk of life. Castiel has lived in three states in his entire life and he feels like he’s missing out. Dean tells tales of gate crashing a fancy auction all so he could get his wallet back, of pretending to be an assistant on the set of some crappy B horror movie. Castiel has a bank loan to pay off and the only person he sees on a regular basis in his cousin It makes him seem like his life is so empty.
“I can explain,” he says meekly. “Although I am wondering what you,” he looks pointedly at Dean, “are doing outside of my apartment.”
“I believe it is because I am not allowed to walk around in the nude. I remember you clearly telling me this on the first night I stayed here.”
Castiel nods. Dean is too busy staring at Cas, repaying him with the lustful looks that Cas has been passing him for the last couple of months.
“I should have ordered the food and brought it back to the car,” Castiel murmurs as they open their menus. He has forgotten that not only is Dean suppose to be dead, he was also wanted for several crimes before that. They were lucky the first time, but Castiel feels that they are pushing their luck.
“So, you’re just going to show up on his door step and he’ll tell you where your prodigal brother is at?”
“Okay, how about Clint Eastwood or John Ford?” suggests Castiel. At that, Dean clutches his chest with his hand. Castiel has gone too far.
Gabriel begins laughing on the other end of the line. “It’s always the silent type that attracts killers. Should’ve known you would have been friends with a few.”
By the time Castiel exits the bathroom, Dean has left the diner and is leaning against the Impala waiting for him. His face is still burning (more so when he thinks back to what he was just doing), but Dean doesn’t comment, just grins at him before opening the car door.
“Well, good morning sunshine,” Dean says cheerfully, handing him a plate of breakfast. “Not a morning person, Cas?”
Sam sits there for a moment with a stony look upon his face. “Wow, Cas. I thought at least you would support me in this since no one else has.”
Now he has time to collect himself. He’s without his wallet and phone, which are still in police custody. He’s tried all of Sam’s phone numbers that he can remember, but doesn’t get through. Dean’s not surprised by this. After their big blowout, just before Sam went to Stanford, Sam had deleted everything and switched phones, cutting off any attempts for them to reconnect. So now Dean’s only hope is Bobby, who sure as hell knows he’s dead.
Castiel’s not sure about this, especially with how angry Dean currently is with him. He expects that this journey will be like the first, and he’s not ready for an 8-hour drive in complete, uncomfortable silence. But when he gets out into the yard, Dean looks up from the map he’s holding with a grimace on his face.
has a penis. Turns out Sammy’s in love with his co-worker, this guy named Castiel. I’ve met him. He’s nice, but I don’t see why Sam would leave Jess for him.”
He has forgotten that he wasn’t the only one who lost someone that night- that Castiel’s mother had also died from a brain aneurysm. The funerals had been roughly around the same time- maybe even the same day. He remembers that the wakes were held at the same location. They had met in the back alleyway by accident. Dean had left, needing to escape all the crying eyes as middle-aged women hugged him and assured him that everything would be fine. The Novaks had just moved to Lawrence a few years before and had kept mostly to themselves, so it was only family members at Mrs. Novak’s funeral and the wake.
“Yeah, yeah, I know who you are,” he chuckles. “What’s up, huggy-bear?” He can hear intake of breath on the other end. Apparently Cas hadn’t planned this far ahead in their conversation.
If it had been any other night Dean would have received the infamous Sammy bitchface, but tonight Sam just shifts uncomfortable in his seat.
“Dean Winchester,” a stern news anchorwoman states, “who was wanted on several counts of murder, attempt of murder, grave desecration, breaking and entering and credit card fraud has been confirmed dead this morning. His body was found three days ago in the small town-”
“Yeah, I remember him,” she says, pushing a beer across the bar top. “Showed up two months ago. Here almost every night. Haven’t seen him in a few weeks though.”
series and Bobby Singer’s (Dean’s boss) best client. He is the one who sells the most books, despite the fact that he hasn’t published a book in nearly three years, and he is the one that Bobby is banking on to bring in the big bucks.
He expects a laugh from Dean for that, but instead Dean lunges forward, grabbing Castiel by the shoulders and pulls him to a kiss. At first, it’s awkward- their noses bump and Castiel is so in shock that he stands there stiff, unyielding. Dean steps back, looking disappointed and embarrassed. Dean rubs the back of his neck, the blush becoming deeper on his face. He looks like he’s about to leave, so Castiel steps forward.
“The worst kind,” Castiel states. Dean can see a small, private smile appear on Cas’s face. “A dachshund. According to Chuck, it’s a ‘penis substitute’ for me.”
“Okay, we’ve got that,” Dean. “That’s how I got out of Hell, but what about now?” He taps Castiel’s hand beside him. “We’re touching, and I haven’t croaked yet.”
“No, dude,” Dean laughs. “I thought you were banging my brother. He kept going on about how serious he was this person and how he wanted to leave Jess for them. I thought he was talking about you and I was… I was beginning to develop, um… feelings towards you.”
He tries to fall asleep, but every time he comes close to it, he wakes again in panic. He can feel himself slipping in and out consciousness; and every time he slips into slumber he can feel his limbs being sliced into, can feel the hot breath of whatever
“Before Cassie here left, we were talking about blow jobs,” Balthazar announces, breaking the staring contest between Dean and Cas.
Castiel doesn’t have much to add, except that he went to school for accounting, but had minored in religious studies, a topic of true interest to him. He had stumbled into the idea of opening his own pie shop after his roommates’ compliments about his stress baking.
“I’m sorry my brother’s a dick sometimes. I could try to talk to him,” Sam offers. Dean’s going to get it (along with Sam’s number one bitchface and his best lawyer/ brother rant) because Castiel doesn’t deserve to be treated this way. “But seriously, he can be pretty stubborn at times and if he doesn’t want to talk to you, he’s not going to talk to you. I would let up.”
“You are quite capable of talking to me right here,” Castiel states. Dean lets out a low frustrated growl.
The world begins to blur. Beneath him, he can feel his blood rushing out of him, warm against the floor. He can hear Sam yelling and Ruby laughing, but he can no longer see clearly, the edges of vision getting darker and darker.
“I’m not a shape-shifter,” he says, pulling Bobby’s right arm behind his back, grabbing the knife from his hand. “Alright, if I was a shapeshifter, could I do this with a silver knife?”
Lately, Sam has been distant. Their after-work meet-ups have been cancelled for the most part and they rarely spend lunch together. Sam had come to him a month ago, asking his opinion about Sam’s love life and Castiel had made it known (in so many words) that he had disapproved of it and Castiel suspects that this is mainly Sam’s reason for avoiding him. Although Sam is a good man, he does have faults and one of them is his extramarital affairs, which are apparently well known within the office. Before Castiel had moved offices, it was rumoured that Sam had been arrested for drunk driving with a woman named Ruby and previous he had had a passionate affair with an assistant named Madison. The office didn’t care as long as it didn’t interfere with Sam’s work, but Castiel had felt that Sam’s current lover was interfering more with his peace of mind more than the previous ones had. He had met Amelia Richardson and, despite the fact that she was smart and pretty, Castiel couldn’t see why Sam would chose her over his wife, especially since Amelia was a nervous secretive woman who was constantly keeping Sam on edge and at a distance.
“Castiel,” his mother calls. “Castiel. Come back inside.” She is now standing by their door. With her curiosity filled, it’s now impolite to stay outside. She beckons Castiel back into their house so that they don’t give off the appearance of being tacky. He slips quietly into the crowd, trying not to draw attention to himself.
Gabriel had left during the night, preferring to drive back on three cups of heavily sugared coffee rather than sleep in a tacky motel room.
She moves quickly to the counter and begins to prepare dinner. Her actions are shaky at first, but soon she seems to find her balance and turns up the radio to signal that she’s ignoring Castiel.
Castiel hums to pretend that he is listening as he rolls out another piecrust. Becky’s chatter has long become background noise for him. She’s a hard and dedicated worker (almost passionate), but she did have the tendency to be excited about things that Castiel rarely found of interest. He ignores her as she stands in front of the TV set, babbling about how something’s
For once Gabriel says nothing. He leans on the counter, letting out a sigh, pulling out his phone. “Cassie boy, you owe me.”
“We had plans to hang out this weekend, but he cancelled on me. We were supposed to go see a Vivaldi concert last Wednesday and he cancelled that too. We rarely spend time together and I believe it’s because he thinks I disapprove of his personal choices.”
me like you didn’t just Burke and Hare a serial killer so that you could have some boy-toy waiting for you at home. Do you know how stupid you are being? Are you in love with him? Cause this is Romeo and Juliet level of stupidity.”
“So, have you talked to Castiel lately?” Sam asks like he hasn’t been planning on bringing up this topic all night. Once again, they have found themselves at their usual booth at the Roadhouse with two beers between them and an endless supply of bar food.
“Obviously. If I had known that I would be with him, not with you hustling pool. When did this happen?”
Dean lets out a hollow laugh. “Not according to some folks. I’ve done some pretty shitty things in my time, Cas. I mean I never murdered anyone, but the rest of things the Feds want me for, that’s real.”
“Maryland? Is there a particular reason why we are going to Maryland and not to Illinois where Sam is currently located?”
“You lost a lot of blood, but the ambulance was there in time. You’re fine now, for someone who had suffered major bleeding. Doctors say a couple of days on bed rest and you’ll be out of here.”
, I’m going out there and brining back knuckle-head over there and you’re going to non-sexy touch him back to death, capiche?”
“No, but he did say you had the emotional range of a teaspoon.” Dean chuckles at that. “So you ignored me because you were afraid of getting hurt?”
“Well hello there Orpheus and Eurydice. Sleep well? Nice to see you both awake and breathing,” he announces, the last part being an obvious dig at Dean. If there weren’t some moral issue with him being alive, he would keep on breathing just to spite Gabriel.
Odd, as it seemed that Dean liked Cas- to the point of being defensive about him. Sam hadn’t heard much about what was going on between the two of them, but lately when he talked to Cas, it had been mostly been about how he been spending some extra time with Dean. Cas was many things, but discreet wasn’t one of them, and Sam was like 90% sure that Cas had little crush on Dean. This was great news for both Dean and Cas as both were in dire need of getting laid (facts were facts). Sam wasn’t sure how Dean felt about Cas, but he was certain that Dean liked Cas enough to hang out, as Dean didn’t suffer fools gladly.
“I’m not bringing back a serial killer to kill former classmates, Gabriel,” Castiel says. “And besides, if I was doing that,
“That’s about it. Might hit up a couple of bars tonight. You know, scout out for people who might possibly be missing…”
“I was in Hell!” he says, his voice breaking. His father would have called him out on that. “How I am here? I was in Hell.” His throat feels sore, rough and raw. He could kill for a glass of water. The man’s serene expression breaks at this and a frown appears on his face.
The only greeting they get from Bobby is a frown when they return. Dean knows that Bobby is never really going to trust Castiel, but it surprises him when he sees that from the corner of his eye, Bobby is looking at him with his frown deepening.
“Bobby, this is the only lead I have. Sammy’s been spotted by locals with this Ruby chick. Can you send the word out to your hunting buddies?”
“The best. You can summon a demon and since she’s apparently hanging out with Sam for the last weeks, I’m betting she’s going to tell us where he’s at.”
“Gabriel, I’ve told you before, Frankenstein was the creator, not the monster,” Castiel says tiredly. He gives Dean a pitying look and moves across the motel room.
As soon as they exit the store, Dean moves away from Cas. Again, they fall into a stony silence and Castiel refuses to spend the rest of the car ride like this. He speaks up before Dean can shut him out again.
“Lace underpants, Cas?” Dean asks in a tone that says he’s trying to be subtle, but is actually anything but. Castiel nods. Dean vaguely gestures towards Cas. “Why are you wearing them?"
There’s a moment, he thinks, where he might have his answer, but it’s gone when Cas decides to stay behind, letting Dean and Benny escape, and now Dean’s left with nothing.
“I bet you drive a Yaris,” Dean chuckles as he ducks into the Impala (thankfully he’s had time to fix her).
It’s so easy to bring a stranger back to life; there’s no real emotional attachment, no feelings between them, no history that involves accidently killing their mother. That’s something that Castiel can only share with Dean.
“I’m not saying you need to get laid to move on. I mean you can’t stop your entire life for this guy. He’s not going to start caring about you because you’ve been moping around in your underwear, eating nachos and watching re-runs of
“Now that,” Castiel interrupts, “to me was brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. It was textural and it had this negative capability. Everything else in here is bullshit.”
Gabriel comes bursting in half way through their silent breakfast. The guy comes in all bright and cheery and apparently completely oblivious to the cold war that’s playing out.
“I’m fine,” he lies, flipping through the menu. “I think the drive might have ruined my appetite.” His stomach betrays him by growling. He has eaten less than four hours ago, but it feels like longer.
“Ouch,” he says when Castiel and Dean follow him into the kitchen, giving them both a quick glance before he starts dumping what looks the entire content of the sugar bowl into his mug. “I take it you guy didn’t have sweet dreams last night,” he says, smirking at the two of them.
“No Cas, you didn’t.” Dean shakes his head. “It had to be some spell or something demonic. She just dropped dead. It couldn’t have been you.”
“I guess that would make a man grouchy. What’s so special about this girl to make him think about leaving Jess?”
There’s always something unnerving about the city morgue. It might be because of its basement location or the solemn atmosphere that comes with the fact that it’s a place that stores dead bodies. Even Gabriel is quiet when they enter it. Today there are only two bodies out, normal for a small town. Only the one on the right is fully covered with a blue sheet.
“I can’t touch the dude, that’s part of the magic spell or something. One touch from him and I’m back sleeping with the fishes.”
Castiel wakes the next morning in a strange place. He hasn’t slept anywhere else but his own bed in many years and he panic for a moment before he sees the figure of Dean sleeping next to him in the bed over.
“You don’t have to tell me. I was just making conversation,” Dean snaps. Another awkward silence fills the car. Dean shifts uncomfortably as he pulls to the curb.
“It needs to be angels, Dean. They’re the only ones with enough power to go through hell and rescue a soul, especially one as broken and torn as-”
“I shouldn’t have bitched at you last night. I should have thanked you,” he says quickly. “You saved me from Hell. You don’t deserve all my bad attitude.”
The wrestling between the two Winchesters is stopped by the stern but amused tone of Mrs. Winchester. Castiel had not spotted her in the front garden where she was watering the flowerbed. Despite her two sons behaviours, she looks clearly amused. She looks up and waves at Castiel, who returns the greeting meekly, slightly embarrassed for getting caught staring at her family.
Castiel nods. He expected Dean to mock him for it, but there’s a genuine look of delight in Dean’s eyes.
Dean chuckles as he flips a pancake onto a plate. “Maybe it’s just the Stockholm Syndrome kicking in,” he says as he places the plate of pancakes in front of Cas. Castiel raises an eyebrow. “It’s an apology for my crappy behaviour last night. I guess I just woke up on the wrong side of the morgue.”
She is lying on the floor again, looking just like how Castiel had found her that afternoon. No colour in her face, her extremities a cold blue and her eyes wide. Castiel moves beside on the floor, reaching out to shake her again. There is no warmth in her body, no movement to indicate life. For the second time that day, Castiel is looking at the body of his dead mother.
Castiel looks surprised. “He killed Ruby for you. The entire reason he sought out Lilith was to avenge you. Your brother loves you, Dean.”
“Yeah,” Dean snorts. Typical of the FBI. They’re completely out of their league on this one. “More like whole legion of them. It’s a cult.”
you a chance, multiple, but you seemed fit to ignore them. So if it appears that I am coming across as rude, I don’t really care.” Castiel says slowly.
Dean chuckles, “I think your stomach has another say in that matter,” he grins before ordering two burgers. The waitress leaves before Castiel can even protest.
“Okay, that’s enough,” Dean yells, as he snatches the book away from Sam. Not that Sam notices, as he’s yowling with laughter at this point. Bobby can’t even hide the grin on his face and he’s leaning into Sam as they laugh. Honestly, if Dean had a chance, he would burn every copy of this book, along with that stupid
Castiel’s not sure how they got like this, but right now they’re standing about an inch apart, practically breathing on each other. Dean looks down, his eyes wide with fear. Castiel realizes that his hands are raised, like he’s going to touch Dean again and end his life. It’s an instinct that he’s picked up from dealing with angry corpses. He quickly drops his hands and steps back from Dean.
“Man, I would have a thought in your case it would have been a Great Dane,” Dean jokes, thankful when he hears Castiel’s low chuckle. Cas’s eyes warm with this action and for a second, Dean understands what Sam sees in him.
“Like I said, they’re all fake. Can’t get a proper ID for the body and nobody around here recognizes him.”
Gabriel moves to the walk-in fridge and begins what appears to be a very animated conversation. Castiel looks in on Dean and sees him happily eating pie. Letting out a sigh of relief, he looks over to see Gabriel leaving the fridge. Gabriel lets out a grin as he closes his phone.
Sure enough, a young brunette woman appears before them. Her sudden appearance gives Castiel quite a shock and Dean has to hide his grin as Castiel jumps violently back.
Gabriel snorts. “I’m a private detective, you ass. I have my ways. And a 1967 Impala isn’t really that hard to track. Plus it helps that your exact location comes up when you charged this room to my account.” Gabriel snaps his two fingers and holds out a hand for the card.
“And would this new guy in Sam’s life be the reason you’re acting all like Aunt Flo’s been visiting?”
… a very brilliant man. I was tired of being overshadowed by him intellectually. Why did you get a divorce?”
“Yeah, we got that honey.” Gabriel signals to Castiel to touch her again. “Unless you know who stuck the dog on you, it’s time for you to go back to sleep.”
Dean doesn’t quite understand until he sees Cas raise a hand. He reaches forward to touch his forehead, but pauses, drawing it back.
with you is the closest I could get,” Dean mumbles, looking at his feet as he says this. The cocky older brother that Sam had so often described is completely gone.
“You know most kids your age would be begging to watch TV all day,” he tells her, although she’s ignoring him in favour of trying to pick up her little sneakers. “Okay, hold your horses, kid,” he says as sits on the floor, slowly prying her shoes away from her. “You still need a bath before you go out.”
Dean grimaces at the image. “Yeah, well, I might have gotten the wrong end of the stick on that relationship. Apparently, Sam doesn’t like dick and he’s been banging this crazy vet for the last couple of months, not Cas.”
“Kind of big like you’re going to be arrested big? Like you lost your job? Did you lose your job? Is that why work has been so light for you?”
“Tell me where he is!” he screams, watching her hiss and wither on the ground. Ruby shakes her head, moving to the edge of the Devil’s Trap. Dean follows her, raising his knife to the girl’s throat.
“Dean, your mother’s death wasn’t at the hand of some demon. I was me,” he confesses. “I killed her.”
The Dean that is now looking at him is nothing like the corpse Castiel was just staring at. The only sign that he was once dead is a welting mark on his shoulder. Without the scars, with a face that is actually together, Castiel instantly recognizes his former neighbour. Dean has certainly fulfilled that promise of turning into a handsome man. With a facial structure that could make mathematicians and artists weep and clear green eyes, he looks nothing like that of a suspected serial killer. And Castiel is almost certain he is not.
Sam had brought up the suggestion after he has to sit and look at Cas mooning after Dean, who had long left the room.
“Said that Castiel has the “Gift of Orpheus”. It’s the ability to revive the dead, but the second touch, like Orpheus’s look back, makes people die again.”
As it was custom, Castiel had spent most of his Saturday afternoons at the park walking his dog, Waffles. It had amazed him the responsibility that come with being a dog owner- a responsibility that had been dropped in his lap two years ago when his brother had given him the dog as a birthday gift despite Castiel’s protest. Still, it was the responsibility towards his pet that had kept him out of his apartment most days. He had grown use to having to stop when random strangers came up to see if they could pet his dog. For some reason Waffles had particularly attracted the attention of small children, often children with parents who gave him suspicious look when they came to collect their offspring. Still, it had surprised him when a determined-looking toddler had appeared out of nowhere and had begun babbling to Waffles with little concern to the owner. It was also surprising that the girl’s parent hadn’t come running up like many others tended to do. He let out a little cough to catch the girl’s attention. She looks up, her eyes wide as saucers when she sees Castiel looking down at her. Still, she continues petting the dachshund with a fierce determination on her face.
“I’ve just had a fight with Sam,” he states as Dean shuts the door. “Could I have a glass of water?”
Dean’s hands are right there, their finger tips are practically touching, and Castiel would do anything to be able to reach over and hold them, move forward and kiss Dean, just like he did the day of the funeral. Instead, he drops his hands from the table, and turns away. Dean looks hurt, but moves back too.
“I cannot support him with his plans on leaving his wife. You must think I’m a horrible person for not “being there” for him.”
“Dean….” Castiel says, turning away from the window where he just watched a sign welcoming them to Indiana rush past them. “Are you kidnapping me?”
“You knew when you zapped me that he would die?” Dean asks. Castiel nods. “Yeah, sorry, but I’m not suppose to be here. I was dead and I was suppose to stay dead.” Dean moves forward, reaching out to touch to Castiel.
Castiel looks immediately apologetic. “I’m sorry if I overstepped a line. I don’t really want to have this conversation. It’s just that I’m from Illinois, we believe in God.”
If there is anything more nerve-wracking than the dial tone of a call you don’t want to make, Dean has yet to face it. He’s over thirty and right now his heart is beating so hard he can barely think. After a lot of thinking (and a little bit of whiskey) Dean decided that it was best to take Bobby’s advice. Sadly, it had taken him over half an hour to man up and call the guy without hanging up before the phone even dialled out. Finally the ringing stops and there’s a moment of painful silence before he hears the gruff voice of Cas.
Sam had hoped that the embarrassment of two grown men buying ladies underpants would be undermined by the end of the lustful looks that Castiel gave Dean. Vowing never to return to that store again, Sam had otherwise thought the shopping trip had been successful and he had given the former angel several excellent tips on how to win Dean’s heart. Cas had nodded and seemed interested in Sam’s advice, so he thought Cas would act upon it, but there seemed to be no change in behaviour- Dean still largely ignored Cas’s obvious mooning and Sam was still stuck between the sexual tension the two of them had.
Dean nods, “Yeah, he called first thing this morning. Found one person missing about two days ago- a maternity ward nurse named Cindy.” He pulls out a newspaper clipping with a young pretty brunette girl dressed in scrubs on it. “Now we’ve just got a keep an ear out for a guy to go missing.”
“Yeah? About what?” Dean snaps. Castiel presses himself against the driver’s door. Dean moves to push past him.
it’s his mother. There’s a body on the floor that appears to be the same shape and has the same bright red hair colour of his mother, but her hands and feet are inhumanly blue and there’s an expression of peace upon her fact that Castiel has never seen before. He thinks maybe somebody has left a wax dummy of his mother on the flood instead. Castiel watches for her chest to rise, but like the rest of the room, it remains eerily still. After a minute of waiting, nothing happens, and Castiel reaches down to check her pulse.
Sam still a little butt-hurt, but he nods. “Yeah, just clean up after yourselves the next time,” he says, motioning to the soiled panties on the floor.
“I think I should leave Jess,” he states slowly as he looks Castiel straight in the eye. Dean had reacted unfavourable to the idea, but Castiel was more open minded in these matters and Cas’s opinion would really help Sam make that final decision.
“It was all part of Lilith’s plan,” Sam announces from his place in the doorway, two coffees in hand. He moves to Dean’s bed, passing Castiel one of the cups. “She needed me to release Lucifer, by killing her.”
Castiel’s back stiffens even more, if that’s possible. “Yes, although at the time, I worked for my half-brother. He’s the Milton of Milton and Crowley.”
“Excuse me, but I need to walk my dog,” Castiel says, moving to open the passenger side of the door.
“Dean?” he inquires, although most of his attention is still on the book in front of him. Beekeeping, maybe? Cas has been talking a lot lately about getting some hives, but Dean’s not sure if he’s joking or not.
“Wait! Your name is Robert Steven Singer. You became a hunter after your wife got possessed. You were there the first time I got so drunk I puked and you let me live with you after Dad kicked me out when I told him I was bisexual and he refused to speak to me for a year. You’re about the closest thing I have to a father.”
Dean’s disapproval must be all over his face, because Sam just frowns at him and adds defensively, “Anyways, it’s not like you’re in the position to judge, certainly not after your last ex.”
“Um… just a couple of days ago. He told Jess about the affair- all of it. She moved out the next day.”
The apartment’s tiny enough, so it isn’t like Dean has to try too hard at eavesdropping into their conversation. Also, it doesn’t help that as quiet as Castiel has been all morning, he certainly isn’t hold back now.
“Well, that’s just great,” Dean mutters, moving for an open bottle of Johnny Walker’s Red that is sitting on the table. Bobby looks disapprovingly as Dean takes a swig.
Inside is a labyrinth of hallways, but it’s also deadly silent and he follows the low whispers and sounds of footsteps until they’re in a hallway littered with bodies.
“He’s been with her too long, that’s all. He missed out on his slutty college years because of her and now he’s trying to make them up. He’ll get his head out of his ass and he’ll realize that Jess is the girl for him.”
“More than you’ll believe,” she says with a sniff. “Sorry boys, but I don’t think you’ll be doing any arresting on my part.”
“Um… hi, Cas, this is Dean…” He waits for Cas to reply but there is nothing.  “Um… Dean Winchester,” he clarifies.
Gabriel was the only reason why Castiel still uses his abilities, since Gabriel was the also the first (and only) person to know what Castiel could do. It had been entirely by accident- Castiel had watched Gabriel’s little Jack Russell terrier get hit by a car (by a driver who had refused to even stop) and had decided to save his cousin’s long time companion. Unfortunately, Gabriel had seen the entire thing. At first he had been shocked and horrified, but he quickly realized that he could use Castiel to do his dirty work. Just
“Nah, he’s just following me around cause he likes me. Of course I told him. I mean, not all of it. It isn’t any of his business.”
“Well considering he hasn’t answered any of the texts or calls I’ve sent him, I believe it’s safe to say that he’s ignoring me.”
took a former angel lingerie shopping. It probably said more that Sam had briefly thought the idea was blasphemous, before brushing it off for the greater good (himself). All things considered, Sam never thought he would see Cas picking through a throng of frilly panties.
As he racking his brain to figure out just how to find Sammy, Bobby is calling up all his contacts, sending out word for them to keep an eye out for Sam. They only take a break to make and eat dinner (piss-poor beans on toast) and it’s almost two in the morning when Dean slumps back into his chair, exhausted and frustrated. At this moment, he glances over to the living room, only to see that Castiel has long fallen asleep on the couch.
“Yeah, it turns the reason she’s been all secretive and super- nervous is because she has a husband. Best to leave before someone got hurt.”
Dean lets out a laugh. “I guess that brings out a whole new definition of family business,” he mutters.
“I don’t know anymore. He’s been hanging out with a demon for the past year or so,” Bobby admits. “I don’t know where that boy’s head is at.”
“I haven’t had the time. I spend my weekends with Emma and I’ve been trying to get this publicity launch for that shit book series that Bobby is trying to sell over and done with. Hey, do you want tickets for it?”
“And what if you get caught? You don’t need Sam finding out that you’ve escaped death by the national news.”
And there’s the problem. It’s just so easy to defy natural order and Castiel knows that there are consequences for doing this. He’s lived it first hand.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “My ‘problem’,” he says, air quotations and all, “is that you didn’t trust me to help you. You are so hell-bent,” Dean snorts at this, “on finding your brother, you didn’t think about what it would mean to me if you left. I am helping you, Dean Winchester. I’m always going to take your side.”
“I shouldn’t be bothering you,” he states. “Oh wow, that’s really brown,” he says with a watery chuckle.
“Dean?” he hears a gruff voice ask, and he turns to see Castiel sitting next to him, his arms folded over that stupid beige trench coat. He looks to see his hand in Castiel’s.
“Well, Dean, since you haven’t asked, I’ve sort of cleaned up my life a little bit. I’ve apologized to Cas for my behaviour before.”
“I guess we got lucky,” Dean mumbles, his hand once again enclosing Castiel’s. Cas’s hand feels warm and welcoming, and it’s funny to think that just a few days ago, he thought he would spend the rest of his life not knowing how it would feel.
Castiel blushes again, looking back down at the floor. “Excuse me,” he mumbles, moving quickly away from the group.
apparently, says. Dean scoffs at this. “You are currently standing in the basement of the city morgue. You were killed four days ago by what the police think was a wild dog.” Dean snorts at this. Wild dog, or something like that. “You are also a suspected serial killer, among other things if that matters.”
“Yes, the serial killer,” Castiel huffs, “but also my neighbour. The Winchesters lived across from me for a bit when I was a child, if you remember.”
Bobby comes down with a determined look on his face like they’re going to have little heart to heart, which should be exceptionally awkward. Dean ignores Bobby sitting down next to him, randomly opening up an old leather-bound book that looks like it has blood on it.
“Like I said,” Sam continues with a shrug, “we have this connection. We can talk about anything, anything at all. I’ve never met a person so intelligent.”
Dean slams his hands against the driver’s wheel. Castiel would give anything right now to be able to reach over and comfort Dean. At moment like this, words are not enough.
“Sam is an adult,” Castiel says calmly. “He can take care of himself for a few days. Until I see an actual emergency, I will not let you leave this apartment.”
Dean turns around, only to see Castiel glaring at him, arms crossed like a pouting child. “What’s your problem?”
Castiel snorts. He’s heard this before. It’s a classic excuse, and that’s all it is. He’s not supporting Sam on this one.
“It’s complicated,” Dean snaps. “Since I can’t get a hold on Sammy, my best bet is an old family friend. Lives hear Sioux Fall in South Dakota. It’s less than a day’s drive.”
Never in Dean’s life did he think he would be grateful for being back in some one-star motel room. Granted, he also never thought he would be raised from the dead by a dude who dresses like stunted, hotter version of John Constantine. Either way, a leopard-print theme motel room is better than his option, which apparently is being dead.
“Good to know you have my back, Sammy. Wait… you said, ‘I was having an affair’. Did you guys break it off?”
“It wasn’t your fault,” he announces. “You didn’t know what you were doing. I can’t blame you for that. I’m just sorry that my mom had to die for you to learn.”
Dean nods, looking down at the pancakes in front of him, not making contact. “Yeah, I mean that in the most literal way.”
There has to be a catch. The entirety of Dean’s life has been one catch after another and it’s not going to start now. There are tales of people bringing back the dead, but there are always consequences and they’re usually terrible ones. He’s never heard of someone who had the power to bring people back from the dead that weren’t dark side. Castiel- with his oversized trench coat and blue eyes- doesn’t look bad, but you never know.
“So, I’ll text you later… or call… whatever,” Dean tells Castiel before they say goodbye. Castiel watches Dean and Emma as they leave, still a little stunned from the day’s events.
He reluctantly leaves the kitchen. He has this sense of duty to stay and watch over his mother, but she clearly doesn’t want him there and he has the latest edition of
“What do you get out this?” he finally asks. “You let me live, let me run around trying to find my stupid brother, let me go all Batman on my killers, let me run off with some stranger for the night, and all you do is follow.” Dean drops his hands to the table, pushing the beer bottle aside. “Cas, what are you really getting out of this? And don’t say closure or that you’re just doing penance.”
“So I’m dead?” Dean says slowly. “I know I was dead. I saw the dude coming after me, saw the knife go in me.” Castiel looks up at him startled. “I was in Hell. How I am here?”
Now, everything is so bright. He’d grown so used to the darkness, to not seeing anything but a blurry figure or two, that the light hurts his eyes. He was in chains before- he remembered the feel of hot metal on his wrists, how it hurt for him to move his arms.
Now he feels the cool of metal upon his back. He’d been naked before and he was still naked, but he was covered now, just lightly. It’d taken him a second, but now he realized he was on a gurney and he could see a body sitting across from him- one that had been torn and ripped like he was. This is a morgue, although he has no idea where the morgue is.
“So far nothing. They found him in an abandoned house yesterday- just a few miles out of town. Police are worried there’s some wild dog running around, killing folks. But there hasn’t been a sign of any animal since. I’ve sent his pictures to the higher powers. Just waiting to hear back from them. If he’s wanted for any major crimes, well, case closed.”
Castiel feels the blood rushing away from his head, his heart beginning to pound so hard that he can barely hear Dean. This is all his fault- Dean’s death, John Winchester’s death, were all of his doing. At twelve years old, he had known that he had ruined the Winchesters’ lives, but he never expected the damage he caused to extend this much. His entire purpose of bringing Dean back was to ask for forgiveness, but now he knows that what he has done is unforgivable.
While Dean might pretend to cheer with the other guys and doesn’t do anything to interfere, he’s secretly likes the nebbish guy named Thomas, whose dark hair and blue eyes and inability to go through the day without getting his books dumped into the trash, replaces his fantasies of big-boobed models in his morning showers.
The pictures on the menu look like they haven’t been updated from the 1970s and Castiel suspects the food hasn’t either. “I had gathered that your connection with the FBI was largely due to supernatural influence,” Castiel says dryly. “But the breaking and entering? Credit card theft?”
“Yeah, and what’s that?” Dean grunts, sitting himself up on the bed. Castiel looks quickly over to Sam, his eyes wide.
Or least he did until Dean Winchester was standing before him, naked and with a gun pointed to his chest.
“Do you want to take a walk by the river?” Castiel suddenly asks. He places his dog onto the ground.
Dean laughs at that. “Yeah, I am. Might have a big plate of them after we catch and kill those sons of bitches.”
“No, no. It’s okay,” David reaches out (and Dean pretends he doesn’t lean in, doesn’t crave the touch). “I’m not mad. I’m just processing this. I’m just surprised that’s all. That you would want this.”
“He’s going to be causing us tons of trouble. I can’t believe that Castiel went out with that creep. I mean, when Cas described the guy I was thinking he was six feet tall, muscular and dark haired sex god.”
Gabriel ended up being a private investigator puzzled Castiel, but he is a surprisingly good one, even without Castiel’s help. It’s too bad that he’s also a lazy one.
Dean shakes his head. “Not until I get some part of my bargain. I want to find my brother. I need to talk with him before I go.”
“No I didn’t! Were you even paying attention to me? I was telling you, Jess and Jo about how I had a new co-worker.”
“Listen to this, Bobby,” Sam states gleefully, “Soon, I discovered that this classic butch figure was nothing but a façade- one created to hide a little boy with daddy issues and a fear of showing off true emotions. Every thought said out loud had to be a punch line to hide the insecurity and low self-esteem this man had. Despite his attempts at uber-masculinity, it was painfully obvious that he was overcompensating for his homosexual urges, which he had been forced to deny since adolescences. He was never good at hiding his inner homosexuality, as it was evident just from observing his face when he watched his favourite show
“And what? You thought you could just sacrifice my mom for yours?” Dean yells, jumping from his chair.
“Yeah, sure,” he replies. “I know a place that has some good pie around here if you want to stop in.”
“Your keys, Dean.” Castiel dangles them in front of Dean, who takes a moment to snap out of a panty-induced trance.
It’s almost midnight and he’s exhausted from running around town, trying not to get caught by either the police or Castiel and Gabriel. Thank whoever that Baby was still in police, and not state, custody. It had been a bitch, but he had freed Baby from the compound and managed to get a state over before lack of sleep caught up with him. Bobby will have to wait until tomorrow.
as many times as Chuck had to. Also, Charlie had texted Sam after she finished one of the books titled
Dean lets out a harsh laugh. “You’ve clearly underestimated the extremes a Winchester is willing to go for each other.”
He is thinking about the corpse when Becky, the only waitress who works here (a mistake entirely on Gabriel’s part that Castiel had too much heart to fix), rushes to the TV set they keep in the back room.
They shake hands and Dean takes this chance to take another look at his brother’s lover. He was shorter than Dean with dark hair and bright blue eyes. Despite it being a beautiful Saturday, he was dressed in a suit, which was covered by the aforementioned trench coat. He looked professional, stiff and certainly in Sam’s league, although not someone Dean would guess to be Sam’s type. Certainly, nothing like Jess.
