“ we are going to the nurse” Steve said but just as he reached forward to pull the boy up, Tony shied away from his touch and got up on his own.
"Fine,come on let's go" I dropped my wrench and walked towards the elevator with Bruce.
Steve brushed Tony’s hair back rubbing his ear with a thumb, knowing things were going to get ugly soon. He kissed the boys forehead one last time before leaving to meet Stane.
“nothing happened though, I didn’t let anything happen. I left before anything could" steve sighed ,the chill forgotten he threw the blankets aside and pulled Tony to him who came with no resistance .
He was not leaving until the next morning so they had some time and he really did not want to make things worse.
Steve gave her a shaky smile “you weren’t surprised?”
“Don’t think too hard on this,if there is one thing about bruce I can tell you it is that Bruce is one of the most patient and understanding person I know" she nodded gratefully at him.
He took a second to actually take in the scene before interfering. It looked like Tony was going to pounce on Ty and he looked absolutely determined to do so.
“you don’t have work to do?” He asked hopeful and sad.
It hurt to think that Steve wanted tony to be cautious of him, because he didn’t trust himself to be able to control himself.
“Balls don’t like me, they seem to have a personal vendetta against me” he shrugged and Steve was now definitely concerned as he remembered Tony’s posture earlier.
“I am fine! Seriously. It won’t happen again! You don’t have to call anyone” and Steve just stared wide eyed at Tony’s reaction and Tony finally added a “please" and turned his eyes down not wanting to look Steve in the eyes.
“Your clothes are dirty and I just washed the sheets” he told him rolling his eyes and Tony pouted at him batting his eyelashes.
They sat in silence for a few moments until both their breathing returned to normal and Tony's head started slipping downward on his chest eyes drooping
“Is this all? Turn around" she told Tony her eyebrows scrunching as Tony tightened his arms around Steve like a child clinging to his father.
“I may have an idea.” Natasha said leaning back in her chair as everyone looked at her waiting.
In one way Steve was relieved because he now knew for sure but in another he was so angry at the moment he didn’t know how much longer he could contain it. He decided the questions can wait as he arranged the pillows along the arm of the couch patting it.
“I hate you” he said as he made his way over to his school bag he had dropped on the floor
“That’s just the problem, they get into trouble when they are bored.” Well can't really argue there Steve thought.
“I am truly sorry sir, this was not how any of us had intended for things to happen.” Steve said knowing obadiah was right.
“What if you call me?”
"Where is he?" The two heads snapped up looking at Steve
“The cut you had yesterday, it’s not there anymore” he said , Steve was met with a look of pure curiosity and all Steve wanted was to tell him the truth. He shook his head slightly while tony lowered his hand down again
“Okay, how is that troubling you?”
“Steve, it was not your fault.” Clint said gently as he watched Steve stare out the window
“Yes sir?”
tony was not happy by the looks of it, as nat gently thumbed the area she had injected as tony stared at it like he could will it away.
“I know you did that on purpose” she grinned
“What are we gonna do?” He Asked pulling his legs up, siting cross legged as he dropped his bag down onto the floor carelessly. Steve picked it up and put it on the center table.
There was a knock on the door “yeah?” Steve said looking back as Clint waved him over to come outside for a minute.
That did the trick and she immediately responded her tongue sliding over he lips for more.
“Stoop that”
just as Steve was about to run his fingers through his hair to check his scalp for signs of injury tony leaned forward again , wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck in a crushing hug.
“Hi , am I speaking to natasha?” steve smiled at Bruce’s politeness and wondered how it had not rubbed off on tony yet.
Suddenly Tony put the bowl down kicking off the covers, he scrambled out of bed nearly falling to his knees before reaching the bathroom and a second later they could all hear the retching as tony threw up the only food he had eaten in a long time.
Steve dropped him onto the bed , albeit carefully and Tony scowled at him as Steve retreated from his grabby hands.
“We want to do it as soon as possible, even tomorrow if Tony is willing” steve felt tony go rigid beside him and it hit steve that Tony was terrified of hospitals and doctors and hated anything to do with them. He wrapped an arm around his waist, gently pulling him closer and kissed his temple.
He asked “how about you let me check your injuries too?” Tony did not look pleased but Steve gave him a stern look and he nodded before pointing to the gash on his head.
Pulling up at the parking lot, Steve parked his motorcycle and walked through the front office to pick up his class schedules and student list for the new year.
“I know , you just need to get used to it. It will get better”  he told him as he wrapped his arms around Tony’s back and pulled him in closer.
“What is it?” he asked pulling them apart and Steve chuckled , Tony’s impatience was a real thing.
“I am not going with obie.” Steve only nodded his head not wanting to start an argument while Tony was this vulnerable.
“don’t be so hard on the kids, Mr.Rogers” nat said smugly as she walked to the little cart by the wall that held the medical supplies while Clint started opening the take out boxes, the smell suddenly reminding Steve just how hungry he was.
Tony brightened after listening to that. He closed his immediately and Steve couldn’t help but smile at the adorable tony tried to feign sleep but actually fell asleep anyway.
See, what steve didn’t realize was that a little doped up meant Tony was high on pain medication and the sedative was only making it worse.
“Can we go to the astrophysics section?” Before Steve could process the request and tell them no and to stay with the group, pepper burst into a litany of explanation “it’s just one floor above us, we will stay there until you guys come up, we promise! We have already seen this before and the..” Steve tuned her out as his eyes landed on tony, his soft looking lips were forming a subtle pout, which Steve realised a little too late that it was aimed at him. His head was nodding, giving tony permission to do anything he wanted even before his brain had processed it. He frowned as he watched pepper drag tony after her towards the elevator as she yelled out a thank you.
“Plenty" Steve said as he crouched down in front of Tony and picked up the flashlight.
“So tell me Tony , how are you doing?” he asked as he sat down on of those swiveling chairs and rolled over in front of Tony. Tony on his part just moved further back on the bed.
“I’ll drive you home if that’s what you really want. But I want you to know that I am not going anywhere okay? If you want to stay that’s okay too but if you want to go home, I want to make it perfectly clear that if at any moment you need me, for anything at all I’ll come running.”
“can we talk about this tomorrow?” He asked urging steve to pick him up but Steve didn’t , now he knew something was wrong.
He stood there in the middle of the room holding his lover waiting for the tears to come , but they didn’t instead tony turned his head and Steve felt the press of warm lips against the exposed skin of his neck.
“Don’t play with me please" he begged
It took some effort , massive effort on Steve’s part to stop staring everytime tony was in the same room as him in school. He had the same crinkle to his eyes everytime he laughed from his heart that Howard had. In Howard it only showed when he was completely drunk of his ass and had no masks in place. But Steve had caught that genuine smile a couple of times.
But ofcourse he didnt, so far steve had been very conscious of the teens body and his own when they were in proximity.
“Do you need a hallway pass to the nurse? Get some more sleep?” steve asked him as he got up checking his watch, it was almost time for his next class.
“What happened?” he asked softly his grip tightening
Sorry this took so long.
Neither said anything as he heated up the left over pot roast with Tony still in his arms and he placed Tony on the table and trapped him there by wedging himself between Tony’s legs.
“Nope”
“That they need to monitor his urine output and that we are to feed him as much fluids as he will drink once he’s  awake and some pudding if he is up to it" he said settling down on a chair after he had pulled it close enough to the bed.
“ I am not done.” Tony frowned trying to move the oxygen mask but steve held on firmly.
"what's up Bruce?" I asked as I tried to scan the papers on his desk so as to give me a head start.
“I am sorry" he whispered again as he peppered Tony’s face with kisses , gentle at first but getting more intense and finally captured his lips fiercely feeling Tony whimper beneath him from the intensity of it.
They were mostly fine, just incredibly sore. He looked down and saw his clothes were completely ruined and singed. Clint pointed to the far corner of the makeshift bed and Steve found his captain America uniform laid out. He thanked Clint gratefully as he stepped out so Steve could change.
Tony grabbed the book quickly, muttered a ‘sorry’ , his lower lip subjected to abuse from his teeth and quickly made his way around Steve , heading off to wherever he was going to.
“Yeah, that’s it buck. Let him go , he’s just a kid. It’s just s kid.” He coaxed and suddenly Buckys eyes lost that glazed look and immediately let go of Tony who Steve saw out of his peripheral vision fall to ground unable to brace himself , still wheezing.
“They won’t let you wear that baby" steve told him gently but Tony shook his head , walking towards Steve
“if he wakes up and finds me gone , he won’t take it too well, I have never seen him like this nat. Not even when rumlow drugged him” he said as he stretched his limbs and joints.
“Try the mini cooler" she told him and he thanked her for pointing it out before grabbing one pack and easing back into Tony’s room locking the door behind him.
“19 , so far"
“you are obviously going to lose clint, and remember loser cleans the others weapons after the next battle.”
“less talk more work Hawkeye” and Clint caught one of the bors holding it at arms length while he turned to stare at Steve and Steve pointed to the other comm link in his right ear that Tony had put in.
“how long was I out?” He asked stretching and testing his joints as he reached for the uniform at the same time Clint got up.
“Have I told you how much of a genius that kid is?” and steve nodded letting Bruce continue as he chewed on his food.
Steve got to enjoy the hot food for all of ten seconds before the static of the screen sounded and the man himself showed up on screen angry as ever.
“The teacher thing" Steve chuckled quietly
“Get me some normal water and some oral rehydration solution” he knew he couldn’t move her just yet because she may have hurt her head in the process of collapsing to the hard ground.
“I am okay tony, I am right here.” He said cutting through Tony’s panic, he gently tugged on the hand connected to his own to get his attention “remember when you asked how that cut on my cheek disappeared over night?” Tony nodded finally looking up at Steve again “you were right, I do have super healing abilities, the serum did that” tony nodded unbelieving.
”you knew , you both knew.” He accused the two assassins who promptly pursed their lips “tell me Natasha , is this why you told me this would be dangerous?”
“Stane we both know this incident was a mere coincidence” Steve himself didn’t agree.
“Why are you not in school, and more specifically why is he not in school? I know he’s a genius but education is still very important” she diverted back to them so easily. T here was no winning with Natasha.
“Tony , I am right here baby. I am not dead ,you can feel me , right here" he said as he felt someone tug on his robe and it fell from his shoulders and natasha tipped Tony against Steve’s naked chest letting him feel the warmth.
“You started it"
“Correct, but when we say superficial, we want it to be accessible at any point. So the surgeons decided the best way for it , is to cut out a bit of his sternum, and let it sit half way through and half way outside to the external surface.” Tony had explained it to him actually but it was sounding more real now that Bruce was saying it.
“is nat really okay?”
Once they reached the room Steve stood,  refusing to put Tony down as he held on tightly
“Go take a shower Tony,” he said pulling his shirt over his head. Tony watched him as he walked around the large room to get to his closet , pulling out a faded pair of pants.
“captain, I will leave the choice of the team to you, it doesn’t matter how it gets done as long as it’s done.” Fury was saying in a meeting at shield. Steve was considering the mission. Shield has been after this guy for a really long time now, finally after five years the man surfaced again and it was their biggest Intel yet.
“Do you know what triggers it?” again silence so Steve decided to try another angle
“Hmm?”
“Uhm, hi" tony said waving the spoon at him and thor chuckled
"TONY!" look at this!" I turned towards the voice to see Clint and Thor balancing three shot glasses on each of their shoulders trying not to spill any. Always trust these two to be the entertainers at a dull party. I gave them a thumbs up and a smirk before I turned back to the bartender indicating for a refill.
“Nooo" he whined and Steve caught his gown and pulled him to his chest.
“What?”
“Hi steve!” he leaned forward for a kiss and Steve gave him one but pulled away quickly leaving Tony to pout
It had already been a difficult day and it was going to get worse. Because they were about to tell tony that his godfather , stand was smuggling weapons under the table and that’s why he needed tony out of the picture. This was a revelation that came up two days ago and they needed to collect proof before telling Tony anything. Steve was worried because Tony had enough on his plate right now and he didn’t need to be adding to it. But Tony was in danger under stane’s care and they couldn’t allow that. Steve had wanted to wait a few more days, he was worried for Tony’s health which seemed to be not getting much better but this couldn’t wait because next week was Tony’s birthday and he would be turning eighteen according to the fake birth certificate, which meant the company would be in Tony’s hands and stane would not want that.
“Touch you where baby?” Tony made a distressed sound at that and Steve went back to whispering sweet nothings in his ear trying to drag this out for Tony because he wanted to make Tony feel like it lasted longer since he had been so embarrassed about it previously.
“Good, thank you for staying with him, was he alright through the night?” he asked as thor scrubbed at his beard with his fingers and squinted at Tony’s sleeping form.
How would he tell him that the fun the two of them had had was mostly sexual? Steve was starting to panic a little a his current situation.
“so bruce is angry with you because you had sex with me?”
“thanks point break” tony said , grabbing at the packet and ripping it open. He made a face the strawberry flavored jam filled inside but ate it anyways .
“well then , how about you go take a shower then?” steve told him ,mostly to test him and found himself genuinely surprised when Tony only nodded and didn’t spout any nonsense about showering before bed.
“it will activate only when it senses severe distress. Until then no matter what scanner they use , they will not detect it. Distress includes if you are severely hurt or drastic changes in body temperature.”
”hey ,hey you are okay tony” he said softly as he rubbed his back again.
Tony’s breath was coming in shallow gasps as he felt Steve’s fingers unclasping his belt buckle and he tightened his hands around Steve’s neck fingers digging into skin.
“thank you , I’ll be back in a few.” He said leaving without even glancing at Tony towards his meeting.
“We will talk about it in a while , are you feeling better?” he asked again and tony nodded suppressing a yawn.
Tony didn’t move an inch and had paled significantly in comparison. “will you be okay with what happens, if that happens because obie is family?” to this Tony shook his head vigorously but he was still frozen in place.
He was snapped out of his thoughts when someone knocked on his classroom door.
“Shut up, don’t ruin this for me” steve was taken by surprise at Tony’s outburst and his eyes widened just a little bit
Natasha walked over with a glass of water and a wet rag, “should we get him an inhaler?”
Steve smiled , “I think it will be okay, it has to be.”
Steve groaned as he buried his nose in Tony’s hair at the mention of the damn uniform. Steve was sure he was going to hell.
"so where is Bruce?" he asked avoiding looking at me, the guilt was ripping me apart now. I didn't like when Tony went from being his normal cocky confident man I love to this nervous quiet Tony.
“I know you cant forgive me, but I want you to know that I am very grateful for this.” Bucky started and Steve head snapped up at the all too familiar tone of goodbye.
“nope" steve rolled his eyes and wiped at the smudges along Tony’s cheek
Tony pulled away first running his hand through his hair leaving it dripping and wet and Steve reached for the shampoo bottle , and cleaned his hair out as much as he would allow before doing the same for himself.
“it can be anything,  doesn’t have to mean something”  but Steve could see Tony was really trying but wasn’t able to think clearly ,Steve should have had this talk before they got started.
“Huh?”
Bruce hmm'd and took a sip of his tea. A shrill bell signifying the end in break time and they were off to their respective classes with a wave goodbye.
Tony’s eyes were already drooping thanks to the effect of tramadol. Steve was actually hoping Tony could sleep for a while. The haunted look from exhaustion was breaking Steve’s heart.
“Steve?” he heard a voice call and he turned his head towards it, to find bruce and  natasha already dressed and ready for the day at his door.
I was tired enough already, why was Bruce being so question-y? I shrugged, turning towards the bar and grabbed the peanuts and popped a few in my mouth.
“how are you okay, I saw you -you blood ..I steve you were bleeding a lot and Natasha ..she-“ he said ,hiccups breaking his words
“Is there someone you can talk to -"
“Steve give him to me, come on. You need to take care of yourself before you can help him" he didn’t want to let go, what if Tony fell into the water again. “steve , hey! Snap out of it"
“We are fine! Just had one beer . I swear!” she said quickly
tony for his part, scrambled backwards on the bed until he hit the mound of pillows. “I am fine thank you” he said, looking panicked.
“I don’t want to go" he whined and steve rolled his eyes at him
”the guy talked?” He asked them ,receiving negative head shakes from both.
He was clearly agitated and Steve let him continue , pursing his lips “I know I am younger okay? And I know I won’t understand everything but I am not stupid and I am allowed to worry about you too. It’s not a one way thing" his breaths were becoming panicky and Steve smiled at him pulling him closer
Steve reached across tony behind him to get to the nightstand and pull out the bottle of lube and Tony’s mind went on over drive as he scrambled to get off of Steve,  but he held him there firmly and spoke to him calmly
“Finish that sentence and I’ll make sure you will stay here an extra day" steve interrupted him and Tony gasped
Somebody dragged a makeshift chair towards Steve and he gratefully sat down on it before looking up at natasha and Clint.
“Can I?” he asked his fingers barely skimming the surface of  skin beneath it.
“You are really mean" he huffed pushing him away and Steve smacked his ass , if it were up to steve he would keep Tony here like this in his cute little underwear forever and let him go.
Tony just shook his head jerkily, his eyes bleary. He just mostly looked uncomfortable . Steve contemplated giving him a sedative but decided against it .
Aliens, missions, battles all meant one thing that Steve dreaded more than anything. Debrief. It was a long drawn out process and he really needed to get to Tony now.
“Look at me when I am talking to you Mr. Stark” Tony’s eyes snapped up and Steve almost felt bad at using that tone with him.
He was also very angry with Steve about acquiring his birth certificate , well not so much so that they had acquired it but that everyone in his school knew that he was actually younger to them by a little more than a year.
“Yeah, all good. Sorry I wasn’t watching where I was going, I’ll see you for lunch yeah?”
"He didnt say, but in my opinion maybe you should buy him that new video game"
“follow my breathing, do you feel that? In and out okay? let’s do it together come on sweetheart.”
Steve had woken him up a few minutes ago and ushered him with all the care to the bathroom after he had filled the tub and had a nurse wrap over his bandages so they wouldn’t get wet. But getting tony to stay still became a whole different ball game.
“Sit down Steve, you obviously want answers.” Steve angrily sat down on the chair opposite to fury glaring at him
All in all, Steve’s first day had been good. Before he knew it, in the next few days he was back in his school day routines. Grading papers, setting assignments and reading up for his next class.
What he didn’t expect though was to find that tony stayed seated even after he had dismissed the class and everyone else had filtered out. Steve didn’t know what to say, every conversation he had tried to have with this kid ended with tony only getting more angry with him. So he opted to stay quiet as he graded the papers the students had just submitted.
"how is he doing right now? Anything you can tell me about the battle?"
The heat licking at his cock was making Steve go hazy around the corners, tony was tight, probably the tightest he has ever had and it was driving him insane to go slow.
“If this has still not healed it must have been pretty bad" he said his voice just above a whisper as he let the realization sink in.
“How are you feeling?” he asked tentative , eager to know if Tony had sobered down
“don’t” steve cut natasha off knowing exactly where this was going and the last he wanted was to guilt tony into confiding in Steve or the team. Tony was reluctant as it was and pushing was going to only make it worse.
One moving to my hair and brushing it back, I arched into it feeling heavenly. A couple more pulled me into a supine position on the couch. Finally!
“Mm that boy needs distractions too Steve. And it’s obvious that history is his as well.” He said looking up from his paper and sipping his coffee casually. Steve felt himself blush a little before he cleared his throat suddenly worried that the whole school knew. Or what if Tony had told everyone?
“He is doing well , give him a couple of hours to wake up from the sedation and we will check his o2 stats and we can take him off the ventilator. Other than that,  we will need to wash out the reactor casing every four hours once he is awake and keep him on bed rest.”
An achingly familiar lullaby, though Steve can’t quite place it.
There is an awful memory in the back of his mind as he works, a dream-turned-reality. After days of Steve refusing to surrender the Gem, he tested the theory that it was physically
It steals the breath from Steve’s lungs, and it takes all of his willpower to break apart from him, knowing full well that they’re running the risk of being caught in a
exactly,” he grumbles, “Just…”
within him. He gutted him without hesitation. He made a cadaver of his closest friend, the man he--
He’s running off base instinct for this fight, focused solely on Tony-- which is exactly why he doesn’t immediately realize the flashes across his vision aren’t coming from repulsor blasts or the muzzle of a gun.
His body doesn’t hold the strength it once did, but he is still furious, still righteous. Tony stands before him in that shining armor, a testament to his godhood. Steve will be Godkiller, sacrilege and heresy,
“What happened to always standing up again? To fighting back?” Tony tries to demand an answer, but he sounds just as weary as Steve feels. “Why aren’t you
“That’s a stupid question,” he laughs under his breath, speaking aloud at last. He stands, steeling himself for what comes next.
Steve has no idea where the hell this is going. But he sits beside Tony anyway, taking the moment of peace before they fall back into the same pattern.
A quiet trill of bells.
He supposes Tony didn’t need the sledgehammer, after all. The Time Gem seems intent to finish the job for him.
“I am
“I will soon,” Steve promises, “you won’t have to put up with this much longer, okay? I love you, Tony. I hope it was worth it.”
Captain,” Tony says, twining their fingers together and tugging him away from the balcony.
together. Steve has no claim on the man, publicly or privately, and he’s violently reminded of it the moment he catches sight of Tony in a lively conversation with a beautiful blonde-haired woman. Obviously that’s not an unusual occurrence-- most of the patrons in attendance tonight are beautiful in their own right, even if Steve doesn’t think their personalities do much to match. He’s used to seeing Tony being especially charming with the women, and this is hardly the first woman he’s spoken to
so close to resting for good, but he wants to be selfish, one last time.
The memories flit by on hummingbird wings, milliseconds of immeasurable memories, safety and happiness bleeding from them like golden ichor. Perhaps Tony was right to liken himself to a God.
“I could erase you,” he tries, digging at the cruelty he once wielded so easily. Why is it so difficult, now? “I could make sure we never find you in the ice. No one would be the wiser, Steve. I could end all of our conflicts before they even begin.”
A single note, lonely, abandoned.
“And how do you know which ones were the lies?” he asks, hand coming up to curl against his cheek. It’s not cruel, like he was in the beginning. There is no layer of metal between them, both of them laid bare. He leans into the touch like he always wanted, letting himself pretend.
out of my way, Rogers-- how far do you think I’ve come in the time that you’ve been gone?”
He doesn’t need to hear the melody to know the Time Gem is less than pleased.
As though he could forget the weight of the world on his shoulders, even if only for a moment.
have a use for me, after all. You have the Time Gem, don’t you?”
The thing is, though, is that sometimes even
“Ah, and as for your second question,” Tony continues, oblivious to Steve’s desperation,
“You weren’t the only one who was selfish, Steve,” he confesses, all of the fight leaving him at once. “Do you understand what I was willing to do for you? Even if you hated me? Do you realize what I was willing to sacrifice just to keep you alive?”
I’ve done to you, you’re still holding out, aren’t you?”
“...You could have anyone you want, you know that, right?” Steve asks him quietly. “You could have anyone in that ballroom without even trying. It just felt…” his gaze lowers, hesitant once again. “...It felt ridiculous, and kind of presumptuous of me, to think that you’d pick the outdated, boring kid from Brooklyn instead.”
disappeared, and it’s been smooth sailing ever since.” He tips his glass in a mimicry of
Tony cuts him off with a roll of his eyes, “God, if I knew you were going to show up and start lecturing like this, I would have stocked up on more booze.”
Steve falls unconscious, bleeding from a metaphysical wound that Tony can’t heal. His breathing is shallow, heart beating sluggishly, but he’s
The trill of bells once more, hopeful and fleeting.
“...I could still try to take it, you know,” he says, if only to break the silence. If only to keep up appearances, when there is no one left in the audience. “It’s killing you, isn’t it? I could let it finish the job. I could use it, take us back to…”
Steve already has an argument on the tip of his tongue, fully prepared to defend Tony, even if it’s only to the man himself. He made it clear long ago that he didn’t care what Tony’s reputation had been, it didn’t make him respect him any less or make him wary of Tony’s intentions. But Tony already seems to be leaving the topic behind, watching Steve with a quizzical look that turns to a spark of understanding in his eyes.
have been. The what ifs, the leniency of probability. Tony would appreciate something like that, he thinks almost deliriously. He would appreciate how close they were to saving everyone. Instead, they’ve condemned
“That’s not the lie I asked for.”
Steve can feel the fractures the same as an open wound, a chasm that grows with every repetition. Maybe he’s the one bleeding ichor, now. Godkiller, but he’s offered himself up on the altar.
“...I suppose we’ll have to settle for me, instead.”
is the armor, an upgrade far beyond what he could have imagined previously.
Tony flinches, clutching the glass in his hand like a lifeline.
Lilting notes, the last refrain.
“For what?”
anymore? Where’s your stubborn, stupid spirit?”
bleed out on the operating table.
is the one that wiped his memory, that
Steve puts down his champagne glass on the nearby table before he can do something stupid, like crush it in his hand. He knows he’s being ridiculous, it’s not like Tony can’t socialize and be happy with other people, he would be a horrible person if he denied Tony that. But the insecurity still rears its ugly head, reminding him that Tony could, realistically, have
“Wake up, old man.”
“But you know what?” He says, looking him over with feigned indifference, “you’ve had a long day, haven’t you? Really, you must be exhausted.” He smiles, “Why don’t I give you the night to think about it, hm? We can figure out your repercussions in the morning.”
he sighs in frustration, hanging his head. “...It’s stupid. I’m just being stupid. Don’t worry about it.”
Stark?” He spits out, fire in his voice. The drinking, the partying,
“Sleep well, sweetheart,” he says, giving him a wink as he turns to leave, “Now if you excuse me, you’ve already taken up too much of my time. I have guests to attend to, you know.”
The Gem doesn’t answer, but the memories continue. A battle against machines much greater than his own, an array of heroes at his side that barely manage to maintain a stalemate. There is a familiar crackle of magic in the air, the sharp scent of lightning before it strikes--
He doesn’t do it on purpose. Tony isn’t laughing, any longer. The Gem burns through him the moment he realizes what he’s done.
“I don’t,” he says honestly, “You stole my memories, remember? You used me. You’d do it again, without hesitation.” His anger is a wisp of a memory, nothing but resignation in its place.
The cracking of glass echoes in his ears, an uneven tempo to accompany it.
this whole time, Tony.”
A cello string snaps violently, drawing blood.
He falters, caught in a horrific sense of deja-vu. Steve looks up at him in confusion, before the same spark of recognition lights in his eyes.
It takes him a moment to process exactly where he’s found himself, manacles of vibranium chrome binding him to the wall. Tony knew what kind of damage Steve’s strength could do, and it was clear he’d prepared for it plenty. The collar around his neck is just tight enough to be uncomfortable, though it still allows him shallow breaths. He is shackled at his shoulders, his biceps, his wrists; he is every ounce a caged animal, his uniform ripped and blooded from Tony’s assault.
A second chance, the last in a never ending cycle.
He wishes they would have left him in the fucking ice.
good things.”
“You kept falling for it, every single time,” Tony says, his anger falling so short of the mark. He sounds
to. He has no doubt Tony can see the intent on his face.
Tony smiles, teeth bared. He knows a killing blow when he sees it. “You barely had a chance
“You’re awake. I was a little worried I killed you.”
Steve manages a laugh, though the collar around his throat makes it more of a wheeze. “I have no idea, actually. I think it might be the other way around.”
“To be fair, I never really did. You made it
“Where I went?” Steve questions bluntly, not bothering to hide his displeasure. “Where is
Steve closes his eyes for a moment; tired, wounded, coming unstitched with every new cycle. He doesn’t want to do this anymore. He doesn’t want to fight.
“I always do,” he says, not missing a beat. “Just one time, Tony. It’s all I’m asking.”
“You and I need to
He’s still so selfish. He hopes that the worlds survive, yes, but above all else, he hopes that Tony lives.
A sharp crescendo of annoyance at the interruption.
A terrifyingly familiar warmth blooms from his chest, bleeding along his arm and into the palm of his hand.
out here?”
Tony is running out of time, and he’s finally beginning to understand why.
“No! No,” Steve blurts out immediately, the guilt only settling further. “No, I’m alright. I know you probably need to stick around for a little while longer, and…” his gaze drifts away for a moment, trying to keep his voice as even as possible, “I don’t know, you seemed like you were having a good time. The dame you were speaking with was…”
conversation about the Incursion solution, you got prickly about the whole
with it, a faultline carved into his sternum, splintering apart just the same as the Gem in his hand. He’s done this once before, the Infinity Gems screaming out in tandem as they caved in on themselves, supernovas in their own right-- but it didn’t
Steve has to fight against every desire to lean into it, to pretend for just a moment that
A beat of silence passes. Another.
Tony feels himself fracture along every fault line, shattering in Steve’s place. His harmony goes silent.
Nothing but silence greets him.
, but there’s something about it that leaves a lead weight in Steve’s stomach.
Too many minds, too many memories. Twisting and changing, tearing him apart and stitching him back together in the same breath. But Tony is brilliant, isn’t he? A showman enthralling the crowd, while they have no idea what continues behind the curtain.
He takes an involuntary step backwards, but Tony isn’t afraid to step in closer, to corner him in a way he’s never managed before. Whatever this armor is, it leaves his face uncovered, which Steve would imagine should make it less alien-- but it doesn’t. It just serves as a reminder that this Tony isn’t afraid to show his face, to meet his gaze with near inhuman eyes.
of it; everything that Tony supposedly swore off
He wasn’t mine. Not that it matters--” he barks out a harsh laugh, self-deprecating, broken. “You weren’t mine, either. You couldn’t be, not when you realized what I had done. And isn’t that the worst part?”
gets fooled by Tony’s charade, if he’s not looking closely enough. Or, really, if he’s looking for things that aren’t there, and his own insecurities are getting in the way.
“I could be doing something else with my mouth, if you’d like,” he says without thinking, the tips of his ears burning pink a half second later. It’s hardly the first comment he’s made like this, but with the context of knowing Tony harbors the same feelings, it seems to hold a different weight.
Steve admonishes, though he can’t help his small huff of laughter. Tony’s giving him that same look he always does when he makes him laugh-- like he’s proud of himself, like he’s just basking in the glow of it. He wants to say that it was similar to the look he had earlier, but there’s something warmer about it, something more genuine.
“We had a very memorable--
The melody falters.
like this. Not like he was the one breaking into powerless, useless fragments.
“Shut
“”I was mad,” he continues, even softer than before. “I was mad because I would have chosen you every time. It hurt, knowing that the man I loved would never care about me as much as I cared about him.”
“Tony,” he says softly, “we were meant to die angry. We die with blood on our hands. You, me, and the two worlds we failed to save. I think…” his eyes slip closed for a moment, drawing in a weak breath. “...I think I would like to change at least one thing. I don’t want to die angry. I’m too tired.”
The melody shifts once more. It is soft, grieving; Steve can hear the apology, feels it settle over his tumultuous thoughts to brush away the pain.
He stands upright quickly, though he regrets it immediately as the headrush hits him. He does his best to shake it off, before taking in his surroundings.
The lullaby follows the tune of its siblings, a high crescendo into-- stillness. Absolute silence.
he’s alive, he’s alive, there’s no bullet wound, he didn’t lose him yet, there isn’t a shield resting against his chest like a funeral shroud and there’s still a heartbeat, still life left in him--
...then
“Yes,” Steve says, “will you lie to me again?”
“Oh good!”
“Hey,” Tony says softly, getting Steve’s attention again. He didn’t realize his thoughts had drifted, and he can imagine he didn’t do a very good job of hiding it. “What’s going on in that head of yours, Rogers? If we need to blow this popsicle stand early, just let me know. I know this isn’t exactly your favorite scene.”
century, and there’s no denying that’s what Tony’s been doing with him. Their friendship was built on their quick witted banter and undeniable comfort around each other, but this is… this is
Clearly they made the mistake of looking outward, if the emergence of the Time Gem in the palm of his hand is any indication.
“Why would you let me
The Time Gem would smile, if it could. It threads Steve and Tony back into place, weaving through their second chance. They have hurt each other, yes, but not irreparably. Perhaps this will be enough to save them all.
he thinks bitterly, before his gaze just so happens to land on the man himself.
A coda, for the remaining musicians. The Time Gem’s melody goes silent, at last.
“I think it’s a good look for you,” Tony continues, now that he doesn’t have to concern himself with Steve interrupting. The metal around his throat eases just the tiniest amount as Tony brushes his hand against Steve’s cheek, almost
A sleek and modern living space, all glass and shining chrome. There are large bay windows across the length of the walls, giving Steve full view of the rowdy, chaotic party happening beyond the doors. There must be at
“And,” he says, “if he’d let me, I’d like to steal him away from this awful party. I’d like to take him home, curl up on the couch in our pjs, and get back to our Star Trek marathon.” A pause, before his mouth tilts into a grin. “Maybe if he’s lucky, I’ll even let him get to second base.”
Even here, in their inbetween, he feels the weariness down to his core.
he sees soft blue eyes. The same ones he’s found a home in, all these years.
more your speed?” Tony cocks an eyebrow at him, leaning back against the railing beside Steve. He’s close enough that their shoulders brush for just a moment, leaving Steve hyper aware of the space-- or lack thereof-- between them.
Tony once said, a soft smile on his face. Steve had believed him, let the warmth of his words wash over him.
“Oh, I think we do,” Tony agrees easily, oblivious to Steve’s inner turmoil. “Starting with
He slams knee first onto the ground, cracking the marble flooring beneath him. He’s ready for it, this time, standing to face Tony with a surety he didn’t carry before. His reaction is the same reflection, down to the color of the drink in his hand.
“Aw, c’mon,” Tony taunts, “isn’t this what you wanted, Cap? Or did that old bleeding heart of yours start acting up again?” Steve’s moving on the defensive, but it doesn’t matter. Tony lands another hit to his chest, and the pain rattles him like an earthquake. He clenches his teeth, determined to stay in the fight-- but he knows a losing battle when he sees it.
a soft melody turned to death rattles.
“I haven’t been able to sleep,” he starts to say, “I couldn’t stop thinking about something you said, and I…”
Wherever the hell the Gem saw fit to leave him, it’s certainly…
issue, and boom!” He mimics an implosion with his hands. “The Time Gem appeared,
“Oh my god. It is.” Tony has no right looking as giddy as he does. “Steven Grant Rogers, are you
you’re
Tony stands at Steve’s door, off-kilter and uneasy. There is something…
Tony outright scoffs at him. “What, did you really think I didn’t notice? I can tell when people are pining after me from a mile away, and you were the furthest thing from subtle.” The stone cracks, crumbles, little by little. “I figured I’d let you down easy, you know. I fully intended to wait it out and leave you your dignity. But even after
“You’re an idiot,” he sneers, but Steve simply smiles in response.
Tony reaches up to curve his palm against his jawline, and he doesn’t hesitate to lean into the touch. In for a penny, right? He rests his hands against Tony’s hips, beneath his suit jacket, while he still feels brave. Tony seems to marvel at the action, watching him with bright eyes that seem to see right through him. Has he always been this transparent to Tony, or is it just easier, now that his feelings are out in the open?
like I always needed to.”
Tony is typically careful to keep
Waiting for him, out of place. There is no siren call of a grandiose party, no drink in his hand. He is sitting, patient as ever, eyes drawn to the horizon beyond the windows. Steve is… out of his depth. He’s lived this scene over and over again, has all the variations memorized by heart; this is unscripted, and he is suddenly unsteady once more.
A trill of bells, longing laughter for a homecoming well deserved.
“With
A familiar fire lances through his veins, burning and consuming. He
Tony’s right, in a horrible display of irony. Steve is bleeding, broken, caged. Tony’s taken a sledgehammer to his ribcage again and again, gearing up to swing once more. Where is he supposed to go, even if he breaks free?
Staccato beats mimic a giggle.
is the man he loves. But the collar is still biting into his skin, and the hand against his skin is nothing but cold metal plating. He couldn’t pretend if he tried.
Tony seems to revel in Steve’s discomfort, turning animated once again as he gestures widely with his glass. He smiles-- no, smiling isn’t the right word for it. The curve of his mouth leans into a smirk, cold and cruel in a way Steve has only seen leveled at his worst enemies. It’s the echoes of Tony’s public persona, the false smiles and the smooth laughter, the easy demeanor that was long practiced into perfection. Steve had
“I…” the words stick in his throat. “...Tony, you have to understand that I--”
Steve’s not an idiot; he knows what flirting is like, even in
Steve’s hands clench at his sides, teeth grinding as he tries not to outright
He sits beside Steve’s body, and he--
He slams knee first onto the ground, cracking the marble flooring beneath him. He waits, steeling himself for the argument to come. He raises his gaze, the same as he has a hundred times before, to find Tony--
“I figured you’d show up again soon enough, though,” he sighs, melodramatic as always. He sets the glass on the bartop, looking perfectly at ease while stepping into Steve’s space. It’s a stupid decision, Steve thinks, considering it’s taking all of his restraint to keep from finishing the fight he began previously.
Steve is determined to stand his ground until a gleaming silver liquid pools around Tony, coating his skin in a near elegant display of power. It takes Steve a moment to realize that
Steve’s changed his mind, he thinks. Maybe these parties aren’t so bad, after all.
Even though he knows what’s coming, even though he still sees the end of the world in absolute clarity, he wants to give this up
to be right, regardless of the body count. It was nearly too late by the time Steve came to his senses, half a moment away from bringing the shield down against Tony’s exposed throat.
There is nothing melodic about the crack of his fist against Tony’s jawline, but it still brings an abrupt end to their symphony, the sharp snap of frayed strings and splintering bows. He supposes it answers the question as to which of them was leading this shoddy excuse of a dance.
The humming changes tune, lilting notes of curiosity. Why does he understand the inflection of a simple song?
calls the melody of its siblings.
The melody is quiet, a memory long lost. It is Maria’s hands on the piano keys, teaching Tony to play, one note after the other.
He’s far more subdued after the last cycle, and Tony is more than happy to take advantage of it. It’s the same placating tactics he’s always used, and Steve knows a snake in the grass when he sees it. He still lets him strike anyway. He lets himself believe that there is hesitance in the killing blow.
“You like it?” He asks, amused at Steve’s sudden hesitance, “I think it’s pretty impressive, myself. Endo-Sym armor, liquid smart-metal with the artificial heart of a symbiote. But hey, I won’t bore you with the details.” He winks with a grin, “I’m sure you wouldn’t get half of it, anyway.”
He has loved and lost this man twofold, and now he’s faced with an unending cycle of allowing Tony to tear into him, over and over again. The entire world is at stake, and Steve can’t move beyond the pain inflicted on him alone.
“So I’m learning,” Tony muses. “It’s nice to know I can make you jealous, though.” Steve groans, dropping his head against Tony’s shoulder. Damn it, he was hoping he’d forget all about that little blip. Tony just laughs quietly again, brushing his hand against the nape of his neck. He tries not to shiver at the touch.
“Be a good boy,” Tony chides him. Steve knows better than to try to talk back in his current predicament, but it doesn’t stop him from
for what he was.
Extremis gives him healing capabilities beyond most, so his own injuries are never a concern-- but he’s always been a man who appreciates a good contingency plan. The infirmary room in the mansion hasn’t been of use yet, as good as gathering dust, but there’s certainly a first time for everything.
The cool night air is a welcome relief, already helping to clear his head as he leans against the railing. He feels a little ridiculous now that he’s out here, running from a childish jealousy just because Tony has the audacity to
am I remembering?” He demands, and for once, Tony is… Tony is the one who seems scared.
in this room if he wanted them. What makes him think that Steve would be his choice, if given the chance? The thought alone makes his heart squeeze painfully in his chest. He needs to get out of here, before he runs the risk of someone noticing his sudden discomfort.
“You think I can pick anyone, right?” He says, and Steve gives him a slight nod. He only seems more amused by this. “Great. Well, I’ll have you know I’m pretty fond of that outdated, boring Brooklyn kid, and I’d pick him in a heartbeat, no contest.” Steve’s heart seems to stutter at his words, and he can’t help but smile sheepishly. Tony just seems to take it as an invitation to continue.
die. These aren’t the usual dreams I enjoy, as I’m sure you’d understand.”
has a much better ring to it, don’t you think?”
Steve startles slightly, turning to face him at the sound of his voice. He gives him a rueful smile, a bit sheepish at being caught. “Hiding isn’t the word I’d use, no.”
There isn’t enough breath left in Steve’s lungs to properly laugh. “You say that like every other word out of your mouth hasn’t been a lie.”
Steve would laugh if he could, bitter and aching, catching in the back of his throat.
“Just?” Tony prods.
There’s no time for the others to run, and quite frankly, Steve isn’t sure if there’s a safe distance at all. Blinding light spills over them, consuming them, leaving nothing in its wake. For one terrible, blissful moment, there is nothing but white, nothing but
he says pointedly, stepping forward into Steve’s space, “You are a hazard to society, Rogers. And to my self-control.” His advance leaves Steve with his back against the railing, Tony’s arms on either side of him, bracketing him. Considering their differing size and strength, it’s laughable to think that Tony could keep Steve
Tony taps his chin in mock contemplation, watching Steve with sharp, knowing eyes, “Or is it the fact that you’ve been chasing after this selfish warmonger like a lost puppy all these years?”
on you, Rogers,” Tony chides him.
A lullaby to sooth him, to chase away the nightmares. The Time Gem has seen fit to rip him apart, only to stitch him back together.
It’s gentle touches and flirtatious smiles, it’s leaving no room between their bodies when they sit together on movie nights, it’s thinly veiled dates and sweet compliments. They’ve been doing this dance for a month or so now-- or at least, that he’s noticed-- and Steve finds himself… well, he finds himself enjoying it. He doesn’t consider it waiting, by any means, but more or less savoring the inevitability.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony says, sickly sweet, “You really have no idea how out of your depth you are, do you?”
Steve smiles, hopeful for a million lifetimes. Hopeful for just their own.
He slams knee first onto the ground, cracking the marble flooring beneath him. On the third try, Tony still finds his weak spots, still cuts him open with surgical precision. Steve is bleeding out on the operating table, a butterfly pinned by its wings, ready to be dissected.
It speaks again, the memories disappearing as quickly as they came. He feels the loss of them immediately, so acutely aware of how that happiness had been ripped away from him, time and time again. It seems cruel, almost, that the Gem would torture him with these memories. Is this payback, somehow? For losing its siblings?
the fracture before he hears it, cracking through him as if he were made of glass. He doesn’t even manage a scream before he’s blinded, falling. The Time Gem rips him from existence once more, leaving him blanketed in white.
Steve takes in a shallow breath beneath the oxygen mask, offering no soft laughter, no gentle banter as he lets Tony move him along.
Steve doesn’t know how to reply, at first. He’s too scattered, heart lost in memories that weren’t his to begin with, but
“Huh.” Tony ponders aloud, the first to speak up. “So
So you win, okay? I couldn’t fix this. But maybe
Tony hisses.
A nightmare in the back of his mind, lingering without a vision to explain it. He needs to see Steve, though he can’t explain why it stirs up trepidation in his chest.
“It would have been worth it, you know,” he says softly. The armor begins to bleed off of him, connecting them, a new power to be consumed.
Steve would laugh, if he could.
There is a wildfire kindling, the same agony in his veins as the first time Extremis took root in his body. How long has it been since he felt any pain worth enduring?
It offers no other explanation, as though waiting expectantly for him to understand. After a few moments of silence, however, it already begins to grow restless.
“You’re not
“Well, you did an excellent job of breaking all the others,” Tony says, brushing off his jab. “Are you aiming to round out the collection?”
It finds the fault line, caves his chest in.
“You’re right, we’re not,” Tony agrees easily, and Steve feels his stomach drop. Well, that confirms it then, doesn’t it? Tony doesn’t want an actual relationship from him, and he probably thinks Steve was naive to take his flirting so seriously. He’s just been misreading the signs, he was an idiot for thinking--
with. The pain he’d felt lancing through his body has all but disappeared, and quite frankly, he’s not sure if he can feel his body at all.
worlds, genocide by their own grief.
“...Is that what this is about?” He asks slowly. Steve blanches.
The Gem offers sharp notes, just as unimpressed with his sarcasm as Steve’s.
For the first time since his rebirth, Tony Stark doesn’t know what he wants.
Steve demands, hoping that the Time Gem can hear him.
“--honestly, I think I liked it more when you were trying to kill me.”
? There is fire above and below them, with no hope to survive what is to come; not that they intend to let the other live long enough to see the end. They will burn
His eyes draw up the length of his body, lecherous and hungry. “Well, I suppose I can think of
Tony says, bringing his attention back into focus. “What the hell is happening here? What did you
“I keep having these dreams,” Tony says, tapping his fingers against his thigh, “I keep having these dreams about you. That you show up here. We fight, and you die. Or, we fight and
“Steve Rogers,” Tony says from the doorway, light spilling out from the bustling party behind him, “Are you
He thinks he might be fracturing, too. He is a god that finally learned to bleed, that has seen what his desperation for devotion wrought. What good is divinity, when the promised freedom of it has
Steve beats him to the punch, tilting his head to capture Tony’s mouth in a warm kiss. It takes them a moment to get the angle right, considering Steve caught him off guard-- but they finally slot into place, and Steve thinks his knees go a little weak. Tony makes a soft noise of surprise, and he realizes that he’s tightened his grip on him, quick to rectify it in fear that he’s hurt him.
“I know,” he says, resigned, “I know I did, Tony. I know that we hurt each other, beyond repair. But I never stopped being selfish. I never stopped wanting to be yours.
right?” He laughs, if not a bit sardonically.
Determination is a steady war drum, echoing in his ears.
Tony throws the tumbler, shattering it against the wall in a hail of glass and amber whiskey. Steve doesn’t so much as blink.
The issue, though, is that they
“It’s okay, Tony. It’s going to be okay.”
“Yes.”
He rests his forehead against Tony’s, reveling in the fact that he seems just as breathless, just as awestruck. Tony’s hand slides down to rest against his chest, over his heart, which Steve is sure has to be beating like the wings of a hummingbird.
are you asking for?”
Steve sleeps on, blissfully unaware of how deeply he’s unraveled him. They’re back at square one, aren’t they? Steve at rest, a man out of time, while Tony tries so desperately to keep his heart beating out a staccato rhythm.
compromising position.
The lullaby grows quieter and quieter, an echo with no origin.
you got in here, and why you suddenly seem so much less… homicidal, than the last time I saw you.”
He would startle, if he could. He knows that voice, doesn’t he? But from
The embers burn out, and Steve’s melody goes quiet.
“Can I ask for one more favor, then?” Steve says.
both could be fun, don’t you think?”
The Time Gem will not live to see their ending, but it can only hope that it is kinder than the one that was promised.
back, before they’d even found him in the ice?
Tony rolls his eyes, already turning away from Steve to pour himself another drink. “You and I need to do a lot of things, yes. Fight, fuck, whatever you prefer--
think it didn’t kill me to stand against you. I was stronger than that, you know. In this new life, this new self, I could--
“Do me a favor, Rogers?” Tony says as he kneels over him, a blurry mirage that fades to black. “Don’t get back up, this time.”
but he feels pinned down under his gaze, feeling every ounce that skinny kid from Brooklyn for the first time in years. It kindles a sharp heat in his stomach, tingling up his spine. He can’t even conceive of anyone else making him feel like this.
a hundred people, enjoying the luxurious pool and blaring music, the excess of drinks and beautiful bodies. They’re clearly enjoying each other’s company far more than they should be in a public setting, and Steve’s quick to look away.
He throws the door open, not caring for privacy or propriety. When has he ever?
He’s faster than Steve expects, stronger than he’s ever been. He’s already thrown off his rhythm by the Time Gem’s interference-- to say he doesn’t stand a chance is putting it lightly. Tony catches him off guard with the strength of his first hit, sending him stumbling back.
He isn’t sure if he would hesitate, now. If he manages to beat Tony into the ground, he’s not sure he’ll find it in himself to show mercy. Tony’s betrayal is more than just standing across from him on a battlefield, refusing to back down on the principle of his own pride. He’s left Steve on the operating table, carving out his memories with rusted instruments, digging through his rib cage to find the last vestige of his faith, gutting him as though he were nothing more than one of his machines. He wonders why Tony didn’t just let him
Steve’s gotten better at attending galas in his time as an Avenger, all things considered. He was used to the song and dance from the USO Tours, playing a certain part for others’ consumption-- but there was another level to these lavish parties that he wasn’t prepared for. Sharks that could smell blood in the water, waiting for the right moment to catch him. It was more than selling war bonds and charming the general public, it was a high stakes game he never learned how to play. Half the time, he felt like he was more in danger here than he was out in the field.
watching him with guarded eyes. “You’re asking a lot of me. You know how I feel.”
The laughter is caught in Tony’s throat, turning to a sob that rips itself from his chest.
to humor you, though.”
can, with me out of the picture.”
The ensuing fight isn’t a massacre by any means, but it feels like it
Tony tuts at him, “Lying isn’t becoming of a man of your station, Captain.”
Steve raises his head to look at him properly, and he’s sure every ounce of adoration he feels has to be plain on his face. But there’s still part of him that aches, even after their declarations, after their kiss. His insecurities lie in wait, and it’s time he put them to bed.
The irony of it isn’t lost on him. He’s always lived on borrowed time, and Time itself shouldn’t be restricted by such things-- but he’s fairly sure neither one of them have a choice.
Tony squeezes his eyes shut, trying to staunch the flow.
distance between himself and others, rarely moving to make contact even for light, friendly touches, but he doesn’t seem to have that reservation with this woman. He has his hand lightly resting against her back, where the line of her dress dips quite low, and he doesn’t seem inclined to move away from her in the slightest. She’s laughing at something Tony said, and he’s smiling brightly, amusement and ease etched across his face, and--
He snarls so harshly he’s not even sure it came from his own mouth.
“That you
The battlefield burns in his memory, a hatred strong enough to condemn two worlds.
He tries,
Nocturne, a bittersweet promise.
In hindsight, Steve will think later, he should have known Tony would manage to goad him into fighting. They’ve always known each other too well, known how to drive the knife in and
“Don’t worry guys we are actually here to make sure Steve here doesn’t drive you guys crazy" natasha said and high fived Clint and the crowd cheered.
“okay" he said resignedly and Steve sighed shifted a little closer to him and pulled his sheets away enough to expose his upper half. Steve was beyond worried but he could not show it in front of Tony.
“Well, whatever the relations,  I bid you all the best my shield brother!”
“Hey! hey, calm down. Can you look at me please?” he asked
“Only good?” steve asked him holding in a smirk and Tony blushed a small smile playing at his lips and Steve’s mind relaxed finally.
“Gym is avoiding me” it was Steve’s turn to frown
“It’s my God damn life and I can handle it” tony said through gritted teeth
But before I stepped out of the shower Steve was already gone from the bed, the sheets neatly folded In its place. Okay he was definitely angry with me about something if he just left without saying something. Did I say something wrong yesterday night? What did I do? I was so tired last night I hardly registered anything other than the joy of sleeping cuddled with Steve ,Amongst other things. I smiled to myself as I headed downstairs thinking about last night.
“I am not going anywhere Tony, I want to make sure you understand that.” He said when he finally got him to look up , tony obviously had insecurities regarding Steve’s presence but it was Steve’s own fault, he was the one who had left him yesterday without a goodbye.
“Nada" Clint said
“Stevie, didn’t expect you today" bucky said smiling as he opened the door and Steve shrugged walking in striping out if his jacket.
“you are literally a child"
“Nope, not happening" steve sighed , apparently natasha forgot to mention his needle phobia.
“Mr Rogers" one of the girls sitting behind tony raised her hand after Steve had handed the classes with a note on his absence for the next few weeks.
“Mr.rogers! This idiot just got wacked in nuts so hard he doubled over and threw up" Steve’s eyes went wide as he reached to grab hold of Tony using his strength to keep him still.
“You will freak out and try to break up with me again" he huffed again and well he was not wrong Steve thought to himself but he still tugged on Tony’s shirt to get it over his head because not being able to make sure he was okay had been killing him inside.
“hey, steve! Here to play my man?” Steve shook his head politely pointing a hand to tony “not today, I am actually here for tony stark, need him for something if that’s alright with you”
“its two in the afternoon" natasha clarified and Steve groaned thinking about how this would affect his normally impeccable sleep habits.
“steve?”
“Only a little, but I’ll be really gentle" he said and Tony gave him a bewildered look “you are going to do it?”
“no, we were posing as couples to catch that guy who set off the bomb” tony didn’t look up when Steve turned when he was only met with silence.
Clint said finally breaking his silence.
“I know, just sit still for sometime. I’ll ask bruce to get you out of this" he dropped his wallet into one of the cabinets in the room knowing his comms would be active and he could access it outside of the room.
Tony nodded vigorously at that accepting it immediately. So Steve got up off the edge of the bed and to get some clothes he knew he had in his gym locker at the base, so he could take off his uniform.
One night of good sleep and Steve knows he can talk to him tomorrow about everything that they discussed.
Tony’s eyes followed Steve’s every movement and Steve leaned down capturing his lips ,
“I have him okay? Go on Steve, hey you have to snap out of it come on" he heard her say and he got up on shaky legs stepping out of the shower his clothes dripping wet.
“Here , remove the shirt and hop up on my desk “ Steve said unwrapping the bandage, Tony without a moment of hesitation did as told. He lifted his arms up so Steve could wrap around his torso, wincing as Steve tightened it.
“There you go sweetheart, you can do this. Come on , nice deep breaths for me” it took a while, but eventually Tony’s breathing turned into something less strained and not just wheezing. Steve let go of his hands and prompted tony to sit up straighter. But when he didn’t Steve reached out again
But tony only looked at him, averted his eyes as soon as it met Steve’s and stayed silent. Steve sighed as he rounded some grammatical mistake on the paper in front of him.
“No, we have a test on Monday in chemistry"
“I don’t know, he seems to be responding well to me and our memories together. I just need to get him to snap out of whatever this is.”
“I am here now aren’t I? And you are still not doing so good honey" he said gently and Tony refused to look at him
“You can at least wait for her to leave” he mumbled looking embarrassed and Natasha just shook her head and left the room pulling the door closed behind her
And Tony whistled low as a small blush crept up his face and Steve had to hide a smile at that.
“why are you guys being so noisy?” he mumbled as he looked around like he had forgotten where he was.
“How are you sure?” He asked careful not to give away too much emotion on his face.
“I am eight years older than you. Did you know your dad was my best friend?” Steve tried another tactic hoping this would maybe put Tony off. Oh was he wrong .
Bruce ran his palm across his face, putting his glasses back on and not so subtlety eyed Steve’s homemade sandwiches. So Steve gave him half of his and he took it gratefully , gently pushing away whatever was on his tray. steve had learned very quickly that he couldn’t always rely on the schools cafeteria food, so he occasionally bought his own.
“you are right, you can’,t go home like this. Best stay over” he grinned half-heartedly at him knowing he was playing dirty
“There’s nothing the nurse can do for it" he said
“honey, why don’t you get some sleep?” He said instead and Tony pouted at him again
“I am afraid" he said after long pause and Tony looked at him like he had made a joke.
Bruce sighed and picking up some more records
Steve was glad, to see the many people to keep Tony protected at his most vulnerable. Clint had ushered the two kids out to the cafeteria when bruce had mentioned that they had to clean out the reactor.
Tony  slept,  he slept through the night with not so much as a twitch and Steve had woken up almost an hour ago, it was half past seven. He didn’t dare move and risk waking Tony. He needed to pee, but that secondary.
Steve cleaned out his hair and pulled him out of the water , sat him down on the closed lid of the closet and crouched down in front of him.
Everything was going smoothly, Steve had come to terms with what he had been told. He kept his distance from Tony, not engaging in any unnecessary conversation .
He terribly missed his friends, Bucky especially. It took Steve an entire year to come to terms with the time jump and it had taken natasha’s wise words of ‘this is your second chance, don’t waste it’ for him to get out of his lovely apartment, courtesy of shield, and learn the new ways of life. The technology had been baffling at first, but after being shown around shield’s tech which was far more complicated than the current tech available to the common world he had picked it up relatively fast. He could even use the smartphone device to it’s maximum capacity within few months. Of course he had been mocked relentlessly by Clint that it had taken him months to do so.
“The bag was lying in your room that day you both cut school before Tony stormed off with it" she said and Tony stiffened in his arms and Steve knew what was going through his mind.
“Arms up” he ordered and tony slowly complied, his face only a few inches from Steve’s own as Steve wrapped the bandage around his torso. He kept his eyes fixed on his own hands very acutely aware of Tony’s eyes burning a hole through his head.
“Hey, look at me” tony didn’t budge and Steve tapped him with a finger on his IV clad wrist until he looked up
“There would be a scar, something to indicate major heart surgery.” He argued and then remembered Natasha’s fingers brushing over Tony’s chest like she was looking for something “that’s what you were looking for just now, and you did see that there was nothing there"
He figured this was the best apology he was going to get and took it “I was just doing my job” Tony’s face fell, he wouldn’t have noticed if he wasn’t looking at him.
“It is meant for you to pee Tony and they are going to start you on your medications tonight not tomorrow” he told him caressing his cock slowly to let Tony get used to the touch. His breathing picked up and the monitor was on the edge of going berserk.
He stood there for a few minutes collecting his thoughts in the comforting sound of Tony and nat talking in the background.
“Well guess the cats out of the bag now, great going tasha" Clint punched her lightly on the arm and settled down on the foot end of Tony’s bed and natasha walked over to the little table that held all the medical equipment.
“Yeah! Steve gave them to me yesterday for my birthday” he said looking at her fingers holding them ,but something was off and she was not looking at them, she was looking at his chest, and before she dropped them Steve saw her brush her fingers against his skin for good measure ,like she was feeling for something . He kept his emotions carefully in check as he wondered what was going on.
“I am fine" he nodded curtly and Steve sighed as he watched him follow the junior agent out of the room.
“Steve don’t” he mumbled trying to get down onto his feet and Steve let him and he made a quick dash out of the bathroom and by the time Steve followed him out he was already tucked under Steve’s massive comforter his hair now short enough stand up spiked poking out from beneath.
Speaking of Thor, there was a jolt of thunder that shook the quinjet. None of them were even phased by it, if there were civilians on the jet right now, they would have probably shit their pants.
“after the Foley’s anything and everythin in his mind is going to be better than that"
“Tony do you know where you are?” She asked and he frowned at her like she was insane but he still took a moment to look around before answering them
“Don’t go" he said
“I don’t want anyone to see-“ Steve ignored him, turning him so that he could get a better look at the bruise.
Natasha groaned as she caught sight of the fresh batch of booths came towards the pair. They quickly stood , taking each other’s backs taking the bots down one after another.
“Oh, that’s really cool. “ he said turning to look at her
Tony nodded, very reluctantly and he looked like he wanted to argue but held his tongue
“Yes but that was because he thought I was being held captive” Steve chuckled
“Thanks” he said as he headed to the attached bath to change.
“I drank a little . I am sorry. “ he said looking down avoiding Steve’s gaze and Steve lifted his chin up to study his face as Tony tried to pull back.
“I used to make you do army drills, because you were so full of yourself that you would get in. You never knew this, but it exhausted you like crazy and you were asleep nothing seconds of your head hitting the pillow"  sometimes Steve wondered just how long he would have survived without Bucky being there to take care of him.
"Why didn't you tell me Tony?"
also reeling from the fact that tony had confessed to him that he liked him and not just in a professor kind of way.
He had no idea.
It took a moment for Steve to realise that tony was talking about the laceration on his cheek which was mostly healed , a small thin line of red remained.
He was only distracted when a shadow was cast against tony’s face preventing him from obsessing over the long lashes. He looked up as the shadow moved past  Tony’s face and onto their chests.
“are you insane? You could be seriously hurt! That looked like it hurt tones" rhodey argued back and this got Steve’s attention immediately as he walked over to the trio and Tony balked when he saw him ,fighting harder to get out of his friends hold.
Ten minutes back Steve had roused from his sleep for some reason and he soon realised it was because the warmth next to him was gone and Steve had searched the bathroom, and a couple of other places before he heard the minute noises from the kitchen and had ever since been standing there at the entrance staring at his lover who seemed to be oblivious to his presence.
“are we interrupting something?” Clint said smirking and nat smacked him on the back of his head. Tony’s hand immediately retreated, the blush travelled to the tips of his ears but he stayed silent.
“What the fuc-" it was cut off by a loud scream followed by a whimper Steve immediately recognized . His heart racing as he ran out of the kitchen towards the scream. He froze on the spot as he saw , saw Bucky holding Tony by his neck his shoes a feet off the ground. He was clawing at Buckys fingers wrapped around his throat.
“Physics" he said and walked to the door, just before he left he turned back and said “Mr. Rogers ?! thanks.” And Steve smiled at him and nodded.
“how long?” he asked as he ran around picking up his things
“if you need to talk , I am ready to listen-"
“how much will it hurt?” Steve should have known ,no matter how happy he was ,he was still afraid.
“He’s not going anywhere,  trust me. Yesterday when he called me, all he cared about was you.”
The blast was very close to where Tony and Steve were standing , and they were both thrown a large distance colliding with a wall on the far end and falling to the floor. Steve only remembered gripping Tony as tightly as possible , and the intense sudden pain he felt at the back of his head as it collided with the wall and then just blacking out.
“You do know what is going to happen once they hit the floor on top?” Clint said and Steve raised an eyebrow
“ will it hurt?” Steve’s heart sunk .
“Yes, If I don't answer I’ll call you back”
He was touch starved.
“You have to understand that there always was a -“
“Do you really think pepper is good for me?” Steve groaned , taking a step back finally looking tony.
“is it only physical or have they been sexu-“ Steve froze, it hadn’t even occurred to him and when tony pursed his lips Steve dreaded the words that were going to come out of his mouth
“Did stane-" natasha started but cut herself off running a hand across her face. It was rare that she was ever speechless but she knew Steve hadn't asked this yet and he probably didn't because he didn't want to know the answer.
“I am sorry” he said into the material of Tony’s pants
“don wanna ..school" he slurred and it tugged at Steve’s heart when his face contorted into pain as he pulled his legs in closer. He was still half asleep and Steve considered just letting him go back to sleep but he knew he couldn’t keep stalling forever.
“tomorrow morning when?” he asked instead and Steve rolled his eyes at him
“tasha told me to get you some hot food but I didn’t know where anything was" he said biting his lip “and I also kinda wanted to see you first" he mumbled
(See the end of the chapter for
“I am fine, don’t worry about me. They patched me up okay?”
“Do you think whatever influence they have on you, or had, was what made you lose your control after seeing that day when Tony came to see steve after he had brought you here?” bucky looked confused like he didn’t understand what she was getting at and Bruce looked even more confused because he didn’t know about what had happened that day.
“Don’t beat yourself about it cap, she’s fine. Just bummed that fury pulled her out early” that sounds like natasha but he knew it was his fault. He owed it to his team to look out for them.
“clint ,come on! You either win win fair and square or lose like the loser you are" I I as rd natasha say , I turned to see clint perched up on his knees on the bed ,trying to give more elevation ,so the blood will flow faster.
“Oh, you think you are ready?” He asked amused at just how much Tony had changed from the first time Steve had laid his hands on him and now.
Steve raised an eyebrow in question at the both of them , and before he could ask what was going on ,clint and thor came bounding into the room practically chatting each others ears off about how easy a target doombots are while the other three held their breaths , looking towards Tony who stirred and groaned trying to cover his ears.
“I think I’ll be the judge of that and there is plenty to talk about” he said as he sat on the edge of the table in front of tony who was warily watching him pull out a little flash light.
“So you recognize this man?”
“Stane has been trying to get past security for the past hour" clints first connected with Steve’s jaw harshly as he stood frozen at clints words.
Steve nodded , tucking that information away so he could tell tony that he was indeed proud ,because when Tony had seemed it earlier from him Steve was too far gone in worry to even appreciate the work Tony has done.
“Why did he cry? Did you hurt him? Steve I swear to god , after everything you fought to get him out from I can't believe this" bruce was fuming,  and Natasha’s amusement had turned into surprise as she tried to put a hand on his shoulder but Bruce shrugged it off.
“What is it honey?” steve asked running his hand through the tail end of Tony’s hair
“Oh , well no kisses for you then” tony grabbed his collar pulling him back “depends on how good the kiss is" he said before crushing his lips against Steve’s.
“uhm hi" tony said his fingers drumming on the edge of the bed frame.
“ minor concussion, some bruises and a sprained wrist. Obadiah should be here in an hour to take him home"
This week's mission for the team had come down to one thing- to make sure tony took his daily shots of iron, and to make sure he was eating and sleeping right. The blood test had come back positive for iron deficiency anemia. Bruce had explained that his hemoglobin was on borderline to severe. Tony was still fatigued but he was definitely doing better after Bruce gave him some oral iron supplements. He was yet to forgive us for the blood draw. Tony was a tricky patient, but together they managed. The genius brain of his had only one thing missing, he didn't know how to take care of himself. Bruce had initially suggested that tony take a few days off from his work. But everyone knew tony had the most work amongst the team .Between balancing his company and working with fury, developing weapons for the team he had little to no time for himself.
“she’s just joking , relax okay?” and Tony gave a frustrated sigh and pulled the blanket around his shoulders trying to hide from natasha.
“Someone really did slam into me, just not at gym class.”
"Hey there, looks like someone finally decided to wake up"
“where the hell are you?” he heard nat and she sounded out of breath
“you know the enemy were the monsters and not building right?” he said as he carefully sat down on the side of Steve’s bed letting his hand run through Steve’s hair as steve gave a sheepish smile.
"you can choose whatever you want, as long as it's not a chick flick." Natasha said as she washed her hands.
“Lift your hips a little for me” he instructed as he worked Tony’s pants lower onto his thighs exposing the now very prominent bulge but Steve paid it no mind has he wrapped his hands on the perfect globes of Tony’s behind giving it a squeeze and Tony moaned into the kissed
"I really doubt that Steve is going to let you near bacon today " he told me with a smirk.
“you are going pass out if you keep this up.”
“103.9" clint let out a low whistle at that , and starting wiping down tonys forehead, arms and chest with the cool cloth they had bought hoping to get the fever down.
“How did you manage to buy drinks? Did they not ask for an id?” they both looked at each considering if they should tell him or nnot and rhodey finally conceded
“Tony…” he looked up expectantly “just know , you can always come to me if you need help, with anything.”
“Uhm, he will be alright" he said and neither of them mentioned anything knowing it was better to let Steve deal with this kind of injury.
“can we go to the astrophysics section?” she said pointing between herself and Tony and Steve was about to say no and tell them to stay with the group but pepper beat him to it
“You are breaking up with me aren’t you?” he asked his voice angrier as he slid out from under the covers and stood up running his hands through his still damp hair
“How did I not notice?” bruce asked his voice lost as he tried to scan his memory for any signs
“Clint, let him through" nat said.
“Steve please” he whimpered as he brought his knees up to his chest and Steve sighed as he put the put the tube down and reached forward the pull Tony closer to him.
I looked down at him, he was dutifully ignoring this conversation , which made me even more nervous.
Relationships were hard on anyone on the team , the work itself was the biggest problem. Steve knew that all too well and has been dealing with it up close with Tony. But for natasha , it was the personal that was hard. It took her a long to trust Steve and he knows her history now and what it must be like to always be ready for betrayal.
“Uhm, clint said the microwave hasn’t been working right since two days so I thought I’ll take a look. But actually it’s not too bad ,I fixed the rotator and then since I had already opened her up I thought I could give her an upgrade" he said simply like it was the most normal thing for a sixteen year old to be doing at three in the morning in his underwear.
He wasn’t sure why tony was here, stane had made it clear that he would be forcing tony back to boarding school.
Natasha came out of the kitchen along with Clint who silently sat down on the floor in front of the couch , turned the tv on .
“welcome back Mr. Rogers" he smirked
“I have been informed that” steve stopped to lean down and press a kiss to Tony’s lips before he continued “his highness needs to have his catheter removed today so that he can take a walk outside of this room"
“You don’t look so good” Steve said sympathetically as Tony stared back at him with bleary eyes. He pouted , a whine escaping his lips as he tried to push himself off the desk but Steve held him down before he could.
“We are not going to do anything unless you want to"
“yes. But I need to know , are you okay?” and Tony looked away from Steve avoiding his eyes
“We can’t do that,  he deserves to know Steve. I know you want to protect him from the information but he needs to know.” Natasha said gently
“Yeah?” he asked without looking up from trying to tuck Tony’s legs within the sheets that Tony kept kicking off.
“Hey kid, I think it’s better you leave now “ he said keeping his voice as steady as possible. His stomach lurched as he caught the expression on Tony’s face before he scrambled backwards outof the room and ran.
Steve couldn’t resist , he reached up to swipe a thumb across his cheek but instead he straightened out the collar on Tony’s shirt and said
“You want me to lay down with you? Will that help you sleep?” Because Steve can do that now and tony seemed eagerly happy about the suggestion. He manhandled tony , albeit mindful of all the injuries and wedged himself between tony and and the couch holding him securely.
“Is it that bad?” sometimes steve forgot just how smart Tony is. He always sees him as his to protect and forgets that Tony is a genius and that it is going to be okay.
“I don’t want to go with obie” he mumbled “and I don’t need to sleep, I am fine” he said that loudly and Steve took a second to get a good look at tony , he looked downright exhausted.
“He says he doesn’t know why, but I am worried.”
“Is he mad?” tony asked and Steve shook his head.
“Here, but go slow please" he said pushing the other cup towards him and Tony all but jumped happily as he reached for it.
Then there was me, I had a bruise covering my jaw much like natasha,  a couple of cuts here and there but another two hours and most of it would  have healed completely.
“I need to know tony, this is not okay. Please show me where he hurt you” tony was starting to tremble and Steve knew he was setting off a panic attack immediately given how tony started breathed faster.
He eased a hand down into his waistband, and Tony bucked grasping at Steve’s forearms that was wrapped around his waist to hold him still.
“Yes, for the better" and when Steve looked doubtful he had a “I ppromise”
"That's okay, I don't actually want ice cream" he said after a few seconds
“Sweetheart” he cringed at the irritation he heard in the tone “I am really tired , and I would like to fall asleep knowing you are okay too. Will you please let me take care of you?”
Steve cleared his throat as he crossed his arms and leaned against the wall to let Tony know he was standing there. He jumped a little at the noise in the silent corridor and turned back looking at Steve trying to hide his surprise.
He was actually quiet proud of Tony’s hiding spot, no one would in their right mind would go looking for Tony at the gym. But he was now slapping himself internally for not realizing that that’s exactly a Tony thing to do.
“sure, why do you ask?” ofcourse he was not okay. He had just found out that his now seventeen year old lover had a bad heart and that there was something lodged in his chest to keep him alive. What’s worse? Tony was not letting him do any kind of coddling.
Lying there in his pants in a puddle of his own blood Steve wondered just what amount of injury the tracker considered was severe enough for it pick up on it. Because he knew he had been lying in his own filth trapped in a dungeon , hands bound to metal shackles that had a constant blue glow similar to the tesseract around them.
Well that was something Steve hadn’t expected , he hadn’t even realized after a while that Tony hadn’t bought it up and because he had already decided that they would talk about it tomorrow and tonight was going to be just him and Tony.  But he hadn’t told tony any of this, so he wondered why Tony hadn’t brought it up earlier.
“It’s a museum, they are teenagers. They are going to be bored ,theres not much trouble they can get into” Steve tried .
Steve let his head hang down again , giving up on looking up at the two. His neck was aching and he needed to brace himself for what he knew was coming. He had seen it happen during the battle at new york.
steve frowned, he pulled Tony away from him to look at his face, why did they think he would need a hospital? Tony’s eyes were still unfocused and he was sniffling every now and then but it didn’t seem that bad.
“no, there’s something you can do . You are captain America!” He said stubbornly , chin jutted up
“Steve even you cant be this blind”
“Here , this is so you can fly better” natasha said as she clipped the little pulse oximeter onto the finger of his extended arm. He immediately retracted the arm back
“Tony , look at me” Steve said with a firmness that had the hair on Tony’s neck standing. He turned slowly as Steve gently took hold of Tony’s hand gripping his arm.
Tony’s sudden movement startled all of them, Steve and Dr.Brandon moving closer immediately to hold him still.
“Is it because of the uniform?”
"Tony, hey can you open your eyes? Look at me please. Can you tell me what's wrong?" No Bruce, I just want to sleep.
Tony groaned but Steve waited patient then ever “I don’t know , I was terrified. I feel safe around you and I love that. But it scares me , because I use to feel that way around obie too. Then yesterday with your friend..” Steve heart broke actually it shattered as he ran a hand through his own hair. It was exactly what Clint had said.
“Level three? More like level five. I’d have to know a fella’s favorite color, number, animal and season before I’d dare ask about his sports teams.”
“Where is this dragon of yours?”
“Shut up! I know no one is coming for me, alright?” he yelled, and Steve’s eyes widened at his vehemence. He continued, quieter. “No one is coming for me, I’m under the mercy of the games as much as you are. And maybe you think it makes me stupid, but I’m not going to kill anyone, and I’m not going to sit around and let someone die because somebody else decided that that was how its supposed to play out.”
Tony put his hand over Steve’s and laced their fingers together. “You doofus, those are all Captain America things. Everything you do is, because Captain America is a neat little label to sum up all of the reckless righteousness of Steve Rogers.”
In retrospect, Tony and the rest of the team didn’t interact much. He mostly stayed in his basement labs while everyone else was upstairs playing cards or watching movies. The only other Avenger he interacted with on a daily basis was Bruce, and from what Steve could tell, it was more scientific consulting than friends hanging out. Though Tony could be grating at times, he deserved better. So Steve resolved to himself that from now on, he would include Tony in the team.
“I’m sorry.” Tony said dully, not looking up.
There was a banging on the door. “Hey! Who’s in there? Nobody is supposed to be there this time of night!”
Why were jerks allowed to be handsome? Steve needed to get himself back on track.
Steve thunked his head on the table. “Where are we going to get $700? If we could pony up that kind of money, we wouldn't be so far in debt.” he complained. Tony leaned forward and grabbed his hand.
“You mean there’s more?”
Tony had missed the first part of the broadcast two days ago, and all of the last broadcast, so he didn’t know how many people were left. It seemed to be too good to be true that none of their allies had fallen in the past two days. And had it really been three days? If someone had asked him last year how long he would survive in the Hunger Games, he would not have said three days. Maybe three minutes.
“I think that without the invention of quantum computing it’s fundamentally unsustainable.”
Steve kept his eyes on the twine he was fiddling with. “Tony’s fixing the oven right now.”
“Who told you about this place? I didn’t put it in the book. It’s my favorite spot, and I didn’t want to have to fight a bunch of tourists any time I wanted a good lunch.”
Steve was doing push ups in the training simulator. The mechanical claws hanging from the ceiling were supposed to represent Chitauri soldiers, and they jerked around the room unpredictably. One came towards him and he vaulted gracefully over top before returning to his push ups. There was commotion in the hallway and a tall man with black hair and a goatee ran down the hallway. Steve didn’t recognize him and didn’t give chase. He had bigger things to worry about, like how he would drive back the Chitauri without advance knowledge of their movements. A few hours later he suited up and prepared to strap himself into the hold of one of the planes alongside fifty other men. Over a hundred planes would be leaving the hanger this morning, and it was loud and chaotic. From the corner of his eye he caught a flash of light, and he watched as a gold streak raced across the sky in a burst of flame. Maybe a missile?
“Took you long enough, lazy bones.”
Tony read the note on top of the parachute. “No hard feelings, but I have to win this bet and I put your name to die next,” he read aloud.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s neck, and gave him a goofy smile. “Hi Tony. I missed you.”
He felt Tony relax, the familiar words settling both of them.
“Reports of Chitari based weaponry in Des Moines being used for a possible hostile takeover. Several hundred possible threats. Immediate Avengers presence is requested.”
“Tony,” Loki repeated with a tilt of his head. “A nickname. Is that all? Most people have a full name and a surname at least, sometimes a title.”
“It’s Liberty, something is wrong-”
“I’m sorry Mr. Rogers, that’s incorrect. You’re still short. You still have three weeks before I have to file the paperwork to take further action, is there any way you could raise the money in time?”
Steve sat up and Tony let out a sad little sound at the loss of warmth. “Oh god, I’m sorry. What’s the worst? Ankle?” He was already looking it over. “The bottom of your foot is a mess, where is your boot?”
Christine cleared her throat. “And those were our contestants,” she said with a wide smile.
Tony thanked him and made his way upstairs to knock on Steve’s door. It opened, and they took a second to talk each other in.
“Buy back.” Steve peered into the case, and quickly picked out his watch by the familiar brown band and silver face.  He pointed, pressing a fingertip on the glass. “That watch… And we need Tony’s ring too. Gold band.”
“Yes, thank god! I was getting worried we'd be trapped here forever, I-”
After the movie was over they all got up and left except for Tony, who went and squeezed into the love seat. He liked being around Steve. His friend felt solid, felt safe. Tony was always happier when he was around him, and it was no trial to sit close and rest his head on Steve’s shoulder.
“What else was I supposed to think?” Steve said desperately.
Halfway done! Thank you so much for reading!
“I know! But I mean, it’ not like he’s going to leave because of that, right? Like, he likes it here. Probably. Wasn’t just sticking around because he likes fixin' things.”
“What’s all this for?” Clint asked, hurt and surprised. Steve leaned forward against Tony’s arm, wanting to get at Clint but unwilling to push him over. Tony briskly patted his arm with his other hand.
“I’m not going to help you.”
Like hell he was going to let himself get eaten, not when he still had so much to make up for. He ran faster, dodging through the trees where it was too narrow for the dragon to follow. He ran as long as he could, until he was left bent over against a tree, struggling to catch his breath. Night was starting to fall, and he had few options. Without supplies he would never make it down to the nearest village without succumbing to the elements, let alone all the way to the rebel base. He had to return to the mine, where Vanko would be waiting with his dreaded whip. He made his way back, watching the skies carefully for the dragon. He made it make just as the sun set, and the others were making their way out of the mine. Tony stepped into the clearing, his head held high. Steve caught his eye and bowed his thanks. Tony nodded back before Vanko grabbed him by the back of his neck and shoved him to his knees.
“We don’t have buttermilk. Should I go to the store?”
Steve started talking loud enough for the hidden cameras to catch. “I’m so glad to have a moment alone with you, I’ve been missing you all day. It’s hard being so in love.”
Tony felt tears streaming down his face as Howard's large hands dug into his side, his lungs tightening under pressure until he could breathe. Tony whimpered, and tears squeezed their way out of his eyes.
“He lives on a farm, with me. He goes home and makes sure Clint remembered to close the door to the barn. Tomorrow he might toss some hay. It's not cool, it's not interesting.”
“Sure will.” Tony kept on rambling and Steve felt himself relax. Hospital, Tony was here, Tony would take care of it. Tony would take care of him.
Steve cut him off by pulling him into a hug. He could feel Tony's heart beating frantically against his chest as he ran a hand through his hair. Tony grabbed fist fulls of his shirt, and he pressed his face tightly to his shoulder. Steve made small humming noises, not a song, just small pieces of melodies as he felt Tony gradually relax, and his heart calm.
The woman at the stove nodded. “Steve this, Steve that, too much talk and not enough peeling.” She gave him a mock angry look and Tony dulfully went back to his carrots.  Steve put the tomatoes and knife back on the counter. “Nice to meet you both. Tony, could I talk with you for a minute in the hall?”
Tony rushed through the halls of the castle, ducking behind a pillar as a troop of guards marched pass. Once they were gone he looked both ways and darted back out, taking cover behind whatever he could as he made his way to the doors. Two men stood in front of the door from the kitchen to the outside, and Tony cursed. He had already checked his other options, and they were blocked off too. Tony had to give it to Loki, his coup against Thor had been incredibly well executed so far. This was the only door with less than ten men watching it... he would have to take his chances. He crept into the kitchen, and hid behind the counter. He reached his hand up and patted around until his hand found cool metal. He pulled it down with a slight ring of the metal dragging on the counter top. It was a frying pan. Tony had been hoping for a knife, but this would have to work. He stood up and the guards immediately pointed their swords at him. Swords he made, those ungrateful bastards.
They had one last interview with the contestants tomorrow night, where they would be discussing the scores and their strategies for the arena. If he could sneak away before or after the show, he might be able to catch Steve for a quick minute. The next morning they would be inside the arena, and it would be too late. The puzzle would remain unsolved.
“Do I come to your kitchen often? Never before this week, but I'm willing to change that now that I know it's filled with studs like you.” He drawled, finishing with a wink. Steve squeaked, turned even redder, and ran out of the room. Oh god he did like him. Ohhhhhh shit. In the hallway he leaned against the wall and slid to the floor. He was twenty one years old, he should not be acting like a dumb teenager. This was so far out of any of his previous experiences, and completely out of left field from the guy who had been screaming at him less than 24 hours ago. Inside the kitchen he heard Tony asking in confusion, “What did I say?”
“We’re having a moment,” Tony said at the same time. Steve glared at him and Tony shrugged. “What, I can’t multitask?”
“As far as I’m aware, the majority of the negotiations will be between me and the other relevant governmental bodies-”
Tony nodded his thanks and got back into the car to relay the directions to Steve. A few minutes later they pulled up at the vet and went inside. Steve breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Jan and Clint sitting together in the front, unharmed. The two of them ran over and started fussing, making sure Tony and Steve were ok. Jan frowned at how Tony was favoring his left side where he had hit the wall, but he assured her nothing was broken. Steve was ok except for bruises, which felt unfair after what had happened to his brother.
“What if he changes his mind?” Peanut to the chest.
Steve shook Tony off and went outside to inspect the plane. The fuel gauge read half a tank. Steve bet he could get it off the ground, and flying would be much faster and safer than walking. He settled himself in the pilot's seat and started flicking switches. The engine started warming up with a quiet rumble. Tony still stood in the doorway of the kitchen, arm’s crossed.
“I did better than you,” Tony complained. “You were the one who needed help first, I was nice and safe in my cave.”
That didn’t make him feel any better. Once the games were over (and assuming that they both lived despite the fact that that was a clear violation of the rules) Steve was going to go back to his district, and Tony was never going to see him again. Steve hated the Capital, he wouldn’t want to stay there with Tony, and Tony couldn’t leave for the districts until he found out who was misusing his weapons.
“Will you be here?”
“No!” Tony yelled back, “It's working!”
Liberty fell from the sky and crashed into the roof of a building, disappearing from sight. Tony ran as fast as he could in the direction she fell, dodging blows and knocking down Loki’s men where he could. He reached the building where she crashed and raced up the stairs. He found her lying on the ground on the top floor, bits of the scattered roof lying around. Steve arrived a second after he did and pushed past him to cradle her head. “Liberty, hey, it’s going to be ok. Alright? It's going to be ok.” He turned to Tony. “I’m sorry, and I don’t dare to ask anything of you. But Liberty has done you no wrong. Please, help her.”
“What happened to you?”
Funny how two days ago he was planning to never let Tony join the pack, just so he could avoid this moment, and now he didn’t care. Hell, he thought it was funny, how satisfied Tony was about being right, even while looking like a drowned puppy.
“Mr. Rogers! Are you excited to enter the arena tomorrow?”
“I’ve never been this cold before,” Tony grumbled. He had never been cold at all before the first night of the games. It was an interesting sensation from an academic standpoint, between the goosebumps and shivers. He would enjoy it more if it wasn’t against his will while he already felt like garbage. “All the buildings in the Capital have heat, and all out coats are designed for weather much worse than we get. No one is ever cold. I don’t like the feeling.”
“I have a great idea, and I need your help to pull it off. There’s landmines buried around the starting point for each tribute. If a tribute steps off their platform before the timer stops and the games begin, they get blown to smithereens. None of us stepped off early, so that means there’s 24 perfectly good bombs in the center of the arena. Imagine how easy it would be to win, with a few strategically placed landmines. The games could be over by the end of the day. ”
. I wish I had filmed that. You have egg all over your shirt.”
There was a loud snort on the other side of the line, and the phone hung up with a click.
Steve slammed his shield down into the armor’s chest. Captain America laughed.
“Now we walk,” he said almost eagerly.
Raza scowled as he looked over his shoulder at the wires pouring out of the landmine. He knocked Tony to the ground with a backhanded swipe. “You think I’m stupid? You will have them working by sundown today, or else I’ll kill your little friend.”
“You really are Tony Stark.”
“What the fuck?”
Tony frowned. The guy who had ruined their perfectly nice show? He didn’t want to talk about him. The contestant had sounded so sure of what he had been saying, filled with righteous rage as he spat out his accusations. He had gotten under Tony’s skin more than he wanted to admit, so he played it off.
“There’s an abandoned cabin about a mile from here. That’s as far as I’ve ever gotten. We’ll go there, then decide what’s next.” Tony said, then switched to telling jokes, and asking Steve about his life.
“Steve you goddamn bastard you’re never allowed to leave me like that again.”
Steve shifted uncomfortably. “I don’t know you.”
That set up the problem nicely, everyone back home now knew what was going on. Next step was to entice them to help. Tony expected Steve to lean in quickly and get it over with. Instead he pulled out a scrap of what had once been a part of his jacket, and looked it over to make sure it wasn’t dirty. Steve carefully wiped the dried blood off of Tony’s face, and the scratches stung. They didn’t hurt half as much as his ankle and having Steve's undivided attention focused on his face brought a slight blush to his own cheeks. He was practically squirming with the anticipation, and at the same time guilt churned in his gut, because Steve didn’t really want this. If Tony grabbed him by the back of the head and pulled him into a kiss like he wanted to, then it would be no better than assault. He had to let Steve decide where this went. He started slow.
Tony raised an eyebrow. That was what he was going to start out with? Steve was a bad actor. A very, very bad actor. However he lived his life, it didn’t seem to involve lying, and it was refreshing. Sometimes in the Capital Tony felt like he was in a play, everyone spouting lines for a cynical audience, weaving together the stories of things that never happened with sharp smiles.
Natasha cleared her throat. “So you two are faking all of this for the cameras? Steve, you don’t actually like him enough, to say, hypothetically, try to put his life above everyone else's?”
Steve pushed it back into place with a huff. “This is an important meeting. I wanted to look nice.”
“I seduced you?”
“No-wait, yes? What?”
Steve broke eye contact and pulled his hand away. “I didn’t say anything. It’s time to return to our labor.”
“I have to see his skill, then put in my scores for the rest of the people,” Tony insisted.
He realized suddenly that the dragon was a huge untamed creature, and Steve wasn’t here to offer any promises of safety. Tony turned and ran for his life. Behind him the dragon roared again, and for a second is almost sounded like the word “Stay”.
It's a little graphic and it's fine if you don't want to read it, I always summarize the plot at the top of the next chapter so you won't miss anything.
Steve brushed past him without responding.
“Why didn’t you tell me about my parents?”
The rest of the team came into the room, clustering around the bed, asking how he was. He assured them all he was fine. Natasha glanced down at where he was still holding Tony’s hand and gave him a small smile. He smiled back, and gave Tony a kiss.
“I know what you mean. You’re just too much fun to mess with.”
Steve pushed himself up long enough to take a swing at one of the guards, who dodged his sloppy punch and hit him on the head with the barrel of his gun. Steve dropped to the ground like a sack of bricks and the peacekeeper kicked him a few times for good measure.
Though Steve seemed unsure, he acquiesced and let Tony come along, holding his arm carefully to support him if he stumbled. They went outside, where Liberty was sunning herself on a large boulder. Beside her were several other dragons, each more brightly colored than the last. When they approached, Liberty raised her head and Tony felt a sense of peaceful welcome. They sat on the rock next to her and leaned against her side, her head curving around to stare at them with a bright blue eye.
Tony was back in the Capital in less than an hour and forced into the hands of the stylists to make him presentable for the cameras. They gave him several of the healing pills and he felt the last vestiges of damage fading away like they had never existed. They shaved off his scruffy four day beard, and styled his hair back in neat waves. They put him in a black suit, with a black shirt and tie. No more tacky baby blue.
When Tony heard heavy footsteps in between the echoing thwacks of the pickaxes, he would urge Steve to his feet and shove a tool in his hand. Vanko stopped a few times during the day, watching suspiciously as Steve struggled to raise the pick high enough to get a decent strike. Once he moved on Steve would slide down the wall, face drenched in sweat and breathing roughly. Tony’s chest aches fiercely as he tried to work double time and cover up Steve’s lack of progress. All prisoners had to do their fair share, hurt or not. This was Vanko’s version of cutting them some slack, and if they weren’t going through enough rock for his satisfaction by the end of the next week there would be hell to pay.
“I'll tell you what, next time you can buy the chairs, and then you can sit wherever you want. Until then, this is my chair. Don't make me paint it red and gold, you know I will.” He threatened and crossed his arms, feeling a little silly still holding the enormous cup of coffee. It must have looked as silly as it felt because Clint was evidently not impressed.
“DUM-E got a little over enthusiastic, don't worry, I'll fix it. Or maybe I’ll rebuild it better!”
“I’m sorry.”
Steve hid it behind his back on instinct then realized that that was probably the most guilty thing that he could have done. He had a reason for having it and Tony would never have known he was hugging it a few seconds before.
“Why in the world would I be backstage where it’s boring when I could be out here having fun with all of these lovely people?”
“I’m not building anything else for you.”
There were murmurs of agreement, and Tony nodded reluctantly. Perhaps the dragon would return on its own when the time came.
“Steve, run!”
As per usual, Iron Man was the first to arrive on the scene, the others still back at the Tower racing to suit up and board the quinjet.
“That’s what it looked like. There was enough blood to fill lake Michigan and you had about twenty pieces of shrapnel the length of my thumb sticking out of you. Why the hell did you rip the star off? It was there for a reason, it’s extra material to keep you safe.”
“Oh, I already did that.” He said. Maybe it was a little smug. Just a little.
The peacekeepers dragged them out of the closet and threw them on the ground, still half tangled together. Tony pushed Steve away and got up.
Steve squinted at her, covering one eye with his hand. “I- what?”
After Tony’s Sleeping Beauty routine where he said he’d walk through Hell as long as Steve was there, he had reevaluated their relationship and realized they had passed being purely platonic friends weeks ago when they started referring to their weekly dinners as date night and sharing closet space. Now they were officially together and couldn’t be happier.
“Steve-” Tony begged. Steve hugged him and Tony buried his face in his shoulder. “Please don’t do this,” he gasped, his breath hitching in his throat.
He stopped in front of his door. “I’ll see you at the meeting in thirty.”
“I do.” Steve agreed quickly.
“I know.”
“I lost half my eggs and most my dignity,” he responded, sitting on the edge of the bed and handing him the plateful of eggs. Tony ignored it to steal and gulp down the cup of coffee. He let out a happy sigh and accepted the eggs. Tony shoved a bite into his mouth, and tried to talk around it, holding a hand over his mouth because he seemed to think that made talking with your mouth full polite. “It’s cute that you think you had any dignity to begin with.”
“There’s a picture missing, from the night stand. The one where we’re looking at each other.” He said casually. Or as casually as he could fake. Tony looked down and swirled his coffee.
Steve threw a spoon at his head and Tony dodged it. “Fine, fine, I’m going.” He walked over to the pantry and rustled around until he found what he was looking for. He set the poppy seeds, salt, and a can of Coke on the counter top. Steve laughed.
“It was on airplane mode, I was being responsible. What’s the big problem?”
Clint and Jan grabbed him and hoisted him up onto their shoulders. He let out a yelp and grabbed their shoulders for balance as they marched in a circle chanting “MVP! MVP! MVP!” Tony laughed, and struggled to hang on. He looked at Steve, his smile dimming and his eyes growing worried. Like he was going to yell at him or something? He gave him a reassuring smile and cupped his hands around his mouth to yell.
Tony conceded the point and pulled off his shirt and pants. Steve turned to face the wall so Tony could pull off his underwear. He might be half wolf but he was a full gentleman.
Tony kept his head down but his hands stopped moving, the wings reassembled. “That’s the problem Sam, nothing is wrong. I looked over every inch, your wings are good as new, not a scratch on them, let alone something explosive. Why did you call me out here?” He looked up at Sam, his dark eyes glinting suspiciously.
Everyone met back up in the conference room, Steve and Sam slipping in to take a seat next to Natasha.
“Get them out of there,” Stane ordered.
“Nothing?” Steve asked in a weird voice. Tony hesitated. The way Steve had asked, it seemed like agreeing would be a bad thing. Tony reviewed what he said and didn’t see anything wrong. Steve would always be his friend. For a long time Tony had hoped for more, but after so many years of neither of them making a move, he had given up, and convinced himself that it was for the best. If Steve was interested in something more he would have said something by now, so Tony wasn’t going to risk scaring off one of the most important people in his life over a unrequited crush.
They went and got caramel corn and sat down on a bench to watch the water. The waves lapped in and out, and in the background they could still hear the carousel playing cheerful music. The sun had started to set and the air cooled to a pleasant temperature. Tony couldn't remember the last time he felt so content.
“I’m not dating anyone who goes by ‘Sorcerer Supreme’.”
Tony tried to calm his racing heart. This was actually a good thing. This meant that his friends weren’t dead yet, and for every second Obie talked, the rebels were getting closer. Obie hadn’t brought up the disabled systems so he didn’t know yet, some poor computer tech must be downstairs right now trying to puzzle out everything Tony did, being blocked by firewalls and a lack of security clearance at every turn. The best thing he could do right now was stall.
“Yeah. Just putting away some papers. Let’s go.”
“Well, you sure fucked that one up!” Said Clint cheerfully. “So what's our new plan?”
Tony rushed outside and drove to the center of the city. He pulled his car to a stop on the curb outside and scanned his card to get inside. He went up the stairs to Obie’s office where four peacekeepers stepped in his way.
Clint and Jan already knew where this was going. Clint grabbed the cranberry juice from the fridge, Jan the plastic cups, and they all ran outside in the dark down to the pond, Tony bouncing up and down on Steve’s shoulder. When they reached the shores of the pond, Steve set a disgruntled Tony back on his feet. Tony brushed his hair back into place and tugged his shirt straight. “Oh thank god, I thought you were going to throw me in.”
Cap stood up and let go of the wrists of his attacker, unwilling to risk the other man’s life. Tony scowled. Talking it out wasn’t working. The blond man with the ball smiled smugly, a look that quickly turned to horror as Tony landed and reached a metal covered hand out from the fog of birds to knock away the gun he was holding.
Cute! How dare- oh wait. Actually he would take cute. Cute was good, right? He would have preferred magnificent, but he’d take cute.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, too overwhelmed to think of a clever answer. He squirmed feebly, trying to loosen the other boy’s grip. The other tribute leaned forward, his weight pushing Tony deeper into the sand and mud. “It was an interesting thing Hammer said tonight. He said someone was tampering with the stuff the Capital has hidden away in here…. I’m thinking that there’s not a lot of people who could do that. I’m thinking that it was you.”
Tony had nodded tearily and Yinsen had died less than a day later, leaving him as the mine’s impromptu medic.
Steve grinned at him and flipped the egg around in his hand as he tried to decide how to hold it. He settled on having his fingers on the top and his thumb on the bottom. He pulled his fingers up and the egg exploded into a million tiny shards of shell, falling into the white milk and becoming invisible.
“We were getting this. It’s for his burns.” Steve carefully passed the container over to Bruce, who looked it over and used his fingers to spread some of the cream over the blisters on Thor’s arm. The skin healed back to a healthy pink as soon as the cream touched it, and the people in the group from the districts gasped. Tony didn’t know why they were impressed. Wasn’t that how all medicine worked? Surely they had medicine in the districts, the Capital would never deny them something like that, right?
“You may now exchange rings.”
Tony wiped his hands on a rag and shook his head. “Don’t thank me yet, I have no medicine and either of you could still succumb to infection.”
“I don’t know! That crazy lady dragged him away as soon as we got here yesterday, I didn’t see him until the car ride over and he was dead silent the whole time. He must be having pre-wedding jitters, poor guy.”
“She’s got dots. That’s why she’s called Dottie.”
When it was his turn, Bruce made a small fire. Tony clapped politely. The other people in the room were not impressed.
Plus he didn't want to think what trouble Tony would get up to if he thought he was being ignored. The very thought made Steve shiver. Clint didn't seem to care.
They headed the rest of the way back to camp and Raza tossed them both some jerky. He had several of the little backpacks that Tony had grabbed during the beginning of the game, either because he snatched them up from the cornucopia, or he killed their previous owners. Tony stalled as long as he could, ripping the jerky up and eating it strip by strip until there was nothing left and he was forced to start work activating the mines. With Yinsen’s help he was able to pry a mine open, and he sorted through the wires inside. The detonator signal was triggered by a heavy touch, and the wire connecting the sensitivity plate to the explosives had been severed by a small wireless timer that was most likely bluetooth enabled to connect with the countdown clock. Once disabled, the landmines could not be re-enabled remotely, which was good, because Tony didn’t want to know what Hammer was planning as retribution for Tony messing up his game this time. He didn’t expect to get a second warning not to mess with the Capital’s traps, and if his life hadn’t been on the line anyway he never would have touched these things.
“No, those are always boring as hell. It’s like ten minutes of train footage.”
“Tony didn’t go there to fight. What’s the harm in trying?” Natasha insisted. He sighed.
He pulled the papers across the table and signed. The rest of his team was quick to follow with no argument. The faith they had in him and his decisions was both humbling and disturbing. Steve returned the papers to Carol who tapped them neatly on the table and set them aside. “Now that that is settled, I would like to propose a daily training program to integrate the team fully and to plan out tactical maneuvers.”
“Right back atcha, handsome.” He grabbed Brian’s face and looked at his eyes.
“C’mon Steve, another day won’t kill anyone. Jan is in on it too. It’s for the good of the pack,” he wheedled.
Tony remembered how much heat Steve was putting off last time he checked his temperature and kept his thoughts about that to himself. Perhaps Steve was being muddled by his fever. He should be in bed under ten blankets, not running around in the woods, but without his help Tony would have have been able to find the dragon, or find the courage to treat it.
“Tony, we are literally five minutes away, and I specifically asked you not to engage,” Cap started, but par for the course, Tony wasn't paying attention. His eyes followed the black mist and he realized that the birds he hit weren't dissolving into nothingness like he assumed, as much as they were reforming into one giant bird. A very angry giant bird.
“I don't have a favorite, and none of the cows have names because they are animals and not people, and we shouldn't give them human feelings or be sad when they die.” Steve recited automatically, the familiar words drilled into him by his Ma from a young age.
“I've been here less than a day, give me a break. I'm sorry I unpacked instead of reading your mind about dinner, then teaching myself to cook and making you a steak. Alright? You happy now?”
“The Queen!” Gasped the collector, as he put a hand on his chest. Tony clasped a hand to his shoulder.
She pouted at him. “Why are you so embarrassed? You’re gonna get married, you’re supposed to like him!”
“Where are we going?” Tony demanded. Everyone ignored him. He was about to ask again when one of the peacekeepers raised a hand threateningly. Tony shut up.
“You don’t want to be here?” Tony asked, trying to make this new information fit into his established view of the world. Bruce seemed offended by the question.
He pulled him into a hug. “It’s ok, we’ll be right back here before you know it, it doesn’t matter. I trust you, Sunshine.”
“Everything. I don’t know if either of us deserve forgiveness for everything that’s happened between us over the years, but holding on to the bitterness is only going to hurt both of us, and after being faced with the thought of losing you….. Please, let’s start over from the beginning, and do it right this time.”
That was nice. And Sam was nice. And Tony was nicest of all.
Tony was onboard with that, and they got slices from several styles of pizza, making sure to get enough for Clint and his new fridge too. Tony paused in front of a shelf filled with hot sauces, and picked up a bright orange bottle.
“You’re not joking? Holy shit, Steve! Last time I saw you you’d never had a real boyfriend or girlfriend, and now you’re engaged?”
At the park, Steve started to relax. The place seemed to hold a lot of happy memories for him. Tony got a hot dog, and followed Steve around as he pointed things out. The view of the water and the bridge was amazing. There was a carousel and after noticing Steve gaze at it with a dreamy expression, Tony insisted on taking a ride. Steve snapped back to reality and crossed his arms.
“Please don’t go out there. It probably doesn’t have gas.”
“I can’t start over. I know you’re always looking forward, and that’s great. I’m not like that. I can’t toss away everything between us. Trying to ignore our past is going to lead us into repeating the same mistakes, and I can’t do something like Siberia to you again.”
There was a wail and a woman in the back of the crowd held on tightly to her son. The peacekeepers stepped forward and pulled them apart, and the little girl beside them burst into tears. They dragged the boy to the stage as he panicked and fought.
“I asked if you were alright.”
“Your morals might get you killed,” Steve said slowly, almost as if testing him.
Tony stood in a corner and kept his head down until he recognized Rhodey's car. He slid into the passenger seat and Rhodey lunged across the center console to hug him. Tony leaned into it, allowing himself to relax for the first time in days.
“Are you upset?” Tony didn’t know why he asked, Steve clearly was. “Did I push you too far?”
Now that was the correct reaction to getting a free fridge. Clint and Tony helped the delivery man unbox it, and they plugged it into the sole outlet in the lobby. The bright silver fridge seemed out of place against the dirty eggshell walls and flickering lights, like it was a monolith that had risen alien like from the ground to take over the world and also provide cold beverages.
More gasps from the audience. In the room Tony and Steve looked at each other.
“No, no, no,” Stane interrupted with a wave of his hand and a sharp smile. “You know what, I think it might be possible for us to make a deal after all. You wanted money, another wolf, and a political alliance right?”
Tony sat back down and took a deep breath. He noticed that his hands were trembling and he put them together in his lap to hide it.
The bite healed as quickly as it was made. Stane shook his enormous head. “You Rogers and your ranch. I never cared about your shitty little plot of land or your worthless cows. I needed a reminder to keep the other wolves in line and on their medication. A bow is a powerful weapon, unless every opponent you face has a bow as well, and what is a wolf but another weapon? I’ve been in the munitions business long enough to know that you either have to find a way to destroy your opponents bows, or make yourself a gun. As you can see, I decided to do both. You were a means to an end, and then a convenient way to get Tony out of the inheritance and leave the pack to me. Now it’s time to clean up loose ends, once and for all.”
“Interesting advice, coming from the man who tried to enlist in the army ten times back when he could have been blown away by a stiff breeze.”
"It's going to be a uphill battle." He reached out and looped an arm around Tony's waist, moving upright and pulling him close. He rested his chin on his shoulder, and Tony tilted his head to rest against his. “But I'm not going to call off the wedding because Bucky is being a jerk about it.” Steve assured him.
Stane grabbed him by the throat, pinning Tony down into his chair. “Over?
“Not particularly. I don’t trust us not to mess it up again.”
Tony went back upstairs and Steve let him into his apartment, still pissed.
Tony stood up angrily. “Would you quit doing that? I’ve never said that!”
“We’re going to be that tacky couple with perfectly matching rings, aren’t we,” Tony said with an exaggerated sigh, as he slid the ring onto his husband’s hand. Steve put his ring on Tony, and with that, they were married, for real this time. Steve tugged him forward into a kiss, and Clint threw a handful of rice at them and let out a wolf whistle.
Digging was hard work, and it wasn’t long before both of them were sweating as they scraped at the dirt. The ground was hard and rocky, and after an hour of digging they had made it about six inches deep. Tony knew from his own forays into designing mines that they were getting close, and it was important not to disturb the mine too much. Even if it was inactive, it still contained explosives. Their fingers finally hit metal, and Tony carefully brushed away the last layer of dirt. It was one of the ones he had designed. He wasn’t surprised anymore, though he still felt the sharp sting of betrayal. Obie's personal seal was stamped on the bottom. Whatever was misuse was going on, Tony couldn't ignore the fact that Obie was at the root of it. He wasn't the man that Tony had always thought he was.
Both wolves head’s snapped up to see Tony, standing in the doorway of the barn, holding a rifle. He aimed it and pulled the trigger without hesitating, the shot ringing loud. A hole appeared between Stane's eyes, and blood sprayed from the back of his head. Stane tipped over slowly, his body hitting the ground with a final thud, dead.
“That’s quite the rap sheet.”
Tony rolled his eyes and turned the oven on. Steve use the measuring cups to pour the sugar into a clean mixing bowl. Tony used a measuring spoon to measure out the baking powder, and dumped it in the bowl. Steve frowned.
Jan gently rubbed his arm. “It's alright, we'll figure something out.”
Yeah, he was pretty much screwed when it came to Tony. He had skipped straight from hate to indifference to head over heels, and he couldn’t bring himself to care. He went to bed with a smile on his face, the warmth of the kiss still lingering.
Yinsen darted off into the bushes and Tony held up his stick, ready to swing it like a bat. Raza stepped closer, trying to guess his odds of cutting Tony before he could finish his swing with the stick. He kicked towards Tony’s stomach, and Tony twisted so it hit his hip instead and hit Raza in the gut with the stick. Raza snarled and took a few steps back. He picked a branch of his own and advanced again, knocking Tony’s branch away with a swipe of his arm, and then lashing him across the face with it, the sharp twigs sticking out of it cutting his face. Tony touched a hand to his cheek and it came away red, and his right eye was dripping, whether with tears or blood he didn’t know. Raza dropped his stick and wrapped both hands around his knife, raising it above his head to stab downward with crushing force. Now defenseless Tony tried to cover his head with his arms and closed his eyes.
“I was trying to find your chosen in the woods. He is fleet of foot, much like a hart. I should have known that he had found his way back to you. That is how it is meant to be.”
Remember his harsh from words for earlier, Tony edged around the truth. “I was a lord, but not of anything of importance.” He quickly changed the subject. “I saw you and your dragon many a time at the castle. She is magnificent.”
“I made my own choices. I don’t regret them. Not this one, at least. Stay.”
“Decent???” Steve shrieked. “That’s more than Beyonce! How do you have more followers than Beyonce? She’s the most famous singer of our generation and you run a small technology company and spend your free time buying refrigerators for strangers.”
“That’s really something.” stuttered out Clint, pale as a ghost. He glanced at Steve, then Jan, and decided to stick to his plan. “Must have gotten jostled lose. Tell you what, I’ll go look in the barn for replacement parts, fix the truck tonight, and we can bring you home tomorrow. And in the meantime, maybe you could finish up fixing the heater. Since you’re stuck here and all.”
Tony pawed around the ground until his fingers found a thick branch. He used it to lever himself to his feet. Now alone and weaponless, it would be too dangerous to spend time out in the open. He needed to find a new cave or a thick bush where he could hide. He stumbled forward, picking a direction at random. He tried to be as quiet as he could, his feet shuffling through the ash as he walked, his bare foot stinging as he stepped on the uneven ground, and his head pounding in time with his steps. After a half hour he started to clear the burned area, the soot on the ground turning to fallen leaves and the air becoming fresher. He felt more sheltered under the canopy of the trees. He leaned against a tree to rest and catch his breath. In the distance, he could hear the burble of a stream, and he was reminded of how dry his mouth was. He had lost his water bottle along with his backpack, so he was parched. Was it safe to drink water directly from the stream? He didn’t have much of a choice. He set off in the direction of the sound, and after a few minutes of painful limping he broke through the trees and found the stream. It was much narrower and more shallow here than when it passed his little cave, the water being maybe knee high, and he wondered if he would be able to find his safe spot again if he followed it upstream.
Behind him Raza shifted. He could wake up at any second, and then it would be over for Tony.
“Yikes! You’re pretty quiet for such a big guy, it’s unnerving. Is this part of the hazing I have to go through before I can be a part of your special club? If I prove you can’t startle me and I can carry suitcases with my soft and spoiled arms you’ll stop being such a huge dick, and we can start to try to make the best of this situation?” Tony snapped.
“I can’t- I don’t-” Bruce said weakly, his hands clenching. “There’s nothing I can do. I can’t help him.”
“Where are they keeping it? How are they keeping it? Won’t it burn free of any ropes?”
Steve lunged forward and grabbed him in a hug, spinning him around. He placed him back on the ground and without thinking pulled him into a kiss, awkwardly clacking their teeth together. Tony grabbed him by the back of the neck and pulled him back in, forcing his head sideways so their lips fit together perfectly. Steve relaxed against him, bringing his hands up to rest on Tony’s hips. Steve parted his lips and they were kissing for real, hot and wet. Tony tasted like cinnamon toothpaste, and when he pulled away Steve felt sort of like he had been hit by a bus. Tony gave him a parting peck and a smile like pure sunshine.
In the kitchen, he started the coffee percolating first. Next he whipped eggs together with milk and poured it into a frying pan heating on the stove. They had cheese, jalapeños, and ground bacon in the house, more food than Steve could ever remember. In the weeks since they had paid off the bank, they suddenly had a large chunk of cash free that used to go towards paying off interest, or paying repair bills. Tony had also gotten a job doing something he called “Virtual consulting”, and Steve had no clue what that meant beyond Tony typing away at his computer for a few hours every day and getting a check involving multiple zeros at the end of every two weeks. So now they had as much food as they could eat, and he made his fancy special occasion eggs every day, just because he could.
Tony hesitated, trying to puzzle through Steve’s meaning. He shook his head to clear his thoughts. This was why Obie wanted him to stay away, Steve had a unique ability to fill Tony’s head with traitorous ideas. He loved the Capital. The Capital was his home, it was perfect, what the hell did this guy from the districts know?
“It’s been too long Steve, want to go out to the dining room and catch up?”
Tony blew out a breath and let his fingers curl shut. Steve took his hand and wove their fingers together. “Don’t do that. I’m saying yes. I’m saying you’ll do it your way, and I’ll do it my way, and we'll yell at each other until we figure out a way to meet in the middle.”
Tony helped him off the couch and he was able to walk to the kitchen on his own, with a few small wobbles. Once he was at the table he plowed his way through a few plates of pasta. He tapped Tony’s plate with his fork, where it looked like he hadn’t eaten a thing.
Tony rolled his eyes. “He calls being a internationally wanted fugitive ‘inconvenient’. What would tip the scales far enough for you to consider something to be awful?”
“You want to go back out into that snow? Hell no, we’re staying here.” Natasha said, levering herself up on the cornucopia too. Clint climbed up beside her, and Tony offered Steve a hand and pulled him up beside him. Tony felt the snow melting off his clothes into slush, but the warmth of the heated metal kept him from shivering. Steve leaned against his side and he put an arm around his waist.
Steve dusted his hands off on his pants and shrugged. “Four months, one week, and three days. But who’s counting?”
“Let’s start over. As long as we are not touching, all he will get are impressions of how I am feeling. What is your name?”
He had never ridden one of these things before, though he had seen them in movies and wondered what it would be like. His parents weren’t the type to treat him to a day out at the park.
Sam waited for more. Normally Tony was the chattiest person on the team, and Sam had never seen him fix anything without talking to himself through every step. Right now he seemed uncharacteristically quiet. Sam decided to continue. “It seems like you two really hit it off.”
Steve gave his shoulder an affectionate pat and walked over to his dresser to try to find a clean shirt. And wonder of wonders, he had several. This was already shaping up to be a great day. He switched his pajama pants for jeans and and went downstairs to start breakfast. As he walked towards the stairs, he passed Bucky’s room. In the old days, he’d always wake Bucky up, and drag him downstairs to where their Ma had made breakfast. He hesitated. Should he still…?
“Favorite color.”
“The room is fine.”
Tony was in shock. Was he really talking to a dragon? Not only a dragon, but the Captain’s dragon, the dragon who saved the keep and won the war?
When Rhodey walked into the room backstage at the coliseum the next day, he found Tony already there.
He shrugged. “Tony wanted to come into town with us, plus I need to finally pay off the bank, so I thought we'd make a whole day of it.”
“That’s human hearing. Your wolf can do more. Concentrate.”
Steve had no idea what was going on. Knowing Clint, probably trouble. He tried to go outside to see what Clint was doing, and was stopped by Jan’s steel like grip on his arm.
On the screen there was one last meaty thwack, and the boy moved on to look for his next target.
“We’ll never make it to the borders of the arena with this snow.”
And Steve… If Steve were here everything would be better. Steve would stand up to Raza with no hesitation, and get all three of them out of there where they could be safe again. And he would fuss over Tony’s injuries like he always did, and give him little earnest smiles that made something inside Tony ache. He had to find his way back to them.
Bruce turned and walked back to where most of the group was huddled against the wrath of the cornucopia. He held out the arrow to Tony. “I want you to have it.”
“Alright Steve, what’s really going on here?”
Stane made it sound like a clear and unavoidable conclusion.
Tony must have been looking for Stane so they could start the ceremony, there was nothing to worry about. Steve went back to chatting with Clint, and now Jan to. In fifteen minutes they made their way to the front of the barn. The organs let out the first crooning note, the door at the end of the hall opened, and Tony stepped out. Stane was walking him down the aisle, one arm looped possessively through his. Tony was stiff as a board, his face blank. His normally fluffy hair was tamed back almost aggressively and he looked pale in his black suit. When he reached the alter Steve took Tony’s hands, and they were trembling.
“Just play along.”
“It is. What the hell, we’re not getting out of this anyway, might as well tell the truth to the whole world. Everything between us? It’s all been for the cameras, a way to manipulate people to send us whatever we wanted. We were never in love, we never even liked each other. You think I would spare a second for a Capital boy? I’d rather choke. I did choke, anytime he kissed me and I had to pretend.”
“Sure.” Steve agreed amiably. There was no doubt in his mind now that Tony had taken it. Neither of them were any good at lying to each other.
The doors at the end of the hall burst open and Bucky ran into the barn.
Obie steepled his fingers and leaned forward. “I’m glad you’ve decided to come back. So tragic when you ran away in the middle of your interview. What was I supposed to show the districts? There were going to be questions.”
The man snarled. “Captain America is supposed to have everything under control! Know exactly what to say and do!
“How?”
As the guards stepped forward, a group of tough looking men broke away from the crowd of guests. A mild looking man stepped forward and introduced himself. “Phil Coulson of the Shield pack. I’m afraid we’ve going to have to take you in for a full investigation of what happened to the Roger pack.”
“Well, that’s what you get for listening to Howard. I’m landing, hold on tight.”
That had made Indries pause for a long moment, mentally trying to figure out how cups with screw lids were a good thing for drinking glasses, and how she could change it to make it worse. For the wedding planning, Indries had held true to form, and they were getting married in a barn with a color theme of brown and black. The cake was black and white spotted and topped with two plastic cows, noses touching like they were kissing. Indries had sent a picture and Steve had laughed his ass off while Tony fumed. The whole thing already seemed weird and over the top to him, why not toss some cows in there? Nothing wrong with cows, though he and Tony would technically be bulls. Or wolves? Ok, maybe Tony had a point about the cake toppers.
“Wheels up, let's rock and roll!” Tony yelled as he took the controls and started up the jet. Since he didn't get to fly on his own he claimed flying the jet. Tony had a long history of always driving himself, and if Happy, his actual chauffeur, hadn't convinced Tony to let him drive in all the years of working for him, nothing was stopping him today.
Tony didn’t meet his eyes. “Sure feels like it.”
Steve took a deep breath. His first instinct was to shift and start a wolf fight. Instead he reigned in his temper and stood up.
The phone picked up with a click and Steve held it to his ear. “Fury? It’s Rogers. Assemble the troops.”
Steve covered his head with a pillow to block out the yelling. “You’re so delusional it hurts.”
Tony was sentimental, but would that really stretch to things like security codes? As far as Steve knew, all of Tony’s other passwords were random letters and numbers. He had worked on highly classified military defense projects for most of his life and the need for security had been engraved deep.
“Please, Buck, you must’ve saved my life a hundred times over, and who knows how many more winter’s I’ll last anyway, especially without your help. Let me do this. I have to do this.”
The End
He noticed the team was acting oddly but he didn’t know why and he didn’t know how to fix it. They all got up, and Tony noticed that Brian had taken the crown with him. That was probably for the best, Tony didn’t want any magic in his tower. He joined the others in walking back to the jet. The Avengers flew home, unhappy.
“We’ve bonded, we’ll miss him.”
“Ready.” Steve said, picking up his shield. They boarded a specific transport ship at Tony’s direction, and sat together in the back. The ship rumbled and shook as they flew, and Steve braced himself in the flying harness. The second the bottom of the ship opened up, Tony hit both of their dislodge buttons, sending them streaking towards the ground, rope whipping above their heads as it slowed their fall. Tony cut his rope, and had taken down two Chitauri before Steve landed on the beach and removed his harness. He held up his shield to block a hit, and a second later the monster was blasted back by a pulse of energy from one of Tony’s gauntlets. Tony stepped towards him, yelling to be heard over the noise of the battle.
That was yesterday, and now they were dealing with the last of the paperwork before heading off on their honeymoon. Tony emerged from the building, a smile on his face. He got back in the car, shaking it side to side slightly. With fall shading into winter, and all the extra hands, work on the ranch had slowed to a crawl. For the first time in over a year Steve had time and money to burn. When Tony suggested a honeymoon after their wedding, Steve jumped on the idea. They had two weeks to do whatever they pleased, wherever they wanted.
“No. He didn’t trust himself with all the brainwashing and code words locked up inside his head. He’s in cryo for now.”
Tony didn’t know how long it lasted for, being forced under while he struggled, and held in the dark wetness until his struggles weakened and he was pulled back up to cough out what felt like gallons of sludge, then forced under yet again. Each time Tony had less force to his desperate punches and kicks, and each time it was harder to cough up the water, his lungs protesting with every breath. As his head slammed into a rock on the riverbed a thought came to him with perfect clarity; if he didn’t agree then he was going to die.
Problems stacked on top of problems breeding more problems, story of his goddamn life.
“You went to art school. And you dropped out, so you are a terrible example for Peter.”
“You can’t spring that sort of thing on me.”
“Sure, Tony. Can I have a soda from the vending machine?”
Tony sat up in bed, his hair adorably fluffy. “What’s wrong?”
“You ok?”
Steve scraped sadly at the bowl with a spoon. “I know. I can feel it and it’s gross. I don’t think I’ll be able to get all of the shells out of the milk. I think I need to start the wet part over.”
This sounded too similar to many of the thoughts Steve had first had when met Tony. He was going to stop his brother right there, before things got any further off the rails.
“It’s freezing now and it’s not even winter! We’re never going to have the cash to hire a repairman and you know it. I don’t want to be freezing my ass off in December when we have a solution to the problem
"I didn't believe you were a traitor for a minute, but by time I found out what was going on you were already in the arena, and Stane refused to speak with me. There's something rotten going on in the Capitol."
Tony tossed a piece of popcorn at Steve who grabbed it out of the air. “With reflexes like those? Their loss. And my gain. Where to next, Mr. Tour Guide?”
“No eggs here, friend Stark, only villainous birds at their full maturity.” Remarked Thor as they stared over the beat up buildings, watching the birds glide in and out of the broken windows. Cap started swinging at the birds with his shield and Widow hit them with her stingers. Same as last time, they dissolved into mist which drifted off in the breeze. Tony kept an eye out to see where it was collecting.
“What was it?” he immediately asked the other judges.
He brought up a hand to cup the side of Steve’s face and his eyes fluttered shut. He pulled Steve in to press a kiss to his cheek. He kissed the other side, then his forehead, then his mouth. Steve let out a small gasp of surprise and Tony took the opening to deepen the kiss. Steve let out a low groan and tilted his head to get a better angle, and Tony tangled his fingers in his hair, trying to take everything Steve was willing to give him.  They broke apart to breathe, both gasping. Above them there were the soft beeps of a parachute.
“You named the cows? God, I take it back. You and the hillbilly are perfect for each other. You can shovel cow shit all day together, then at night he can beat you up and you’ll thank him. Before you know it, you’ll be half feral and marking your territory with piss. I’ve heard that they still shift, that they run around on hands and feet like wild animals. Fighting each other. Killing things. Eating them. Is it true?” Indries asked with morbid fascination.
Clint gave him a sloppy salute. “Congratulations, Mr. President. Does this mean I can do crimes and you can pardon me?”
Steve strode quickly through the halls of the tower to the basement lab, Clint and Natasha close on his heels. They had been on a mission for SHIELD in Colorado when they had gotten a call that Tony was down. They had waited a tortuous half hour before their replacements had shown up, then they had boarded the quinjet and flown back to New York immediately.
“You volunteered…” Tony said weakly. He wasn’t going to kill anyone, they were going to kill each other without any involvement from him. All he was doing was making sure the arena was functioning and no one got out.
“This is what the people in the districts are like,” Howard said, matter of fact. To him, this is how things were. The sky was blue, gravity pulls things down, the districts were made up of monsters.
“You just got him back, I don't want to be a reason for you two to fight.”
“More like two and three quarters, actually.” Steve corrected back. Tony briefly pressed a finger to Steve’s lips to shush him. 'Oh my god he's so close', Steve thought. He hoped his internal freak out wasn’t showing on his face.
“If he was really one of them, why’s he in here?” Steve countered. “He wouldn’t do what they wanted, so they threw him away, just like they do with us in the districts. He’s one of us now.”
“Are you ok?”
“Nearest vet?” He asked the people walking down the sidewalk. Most ignored him, but an old lady took pity and pointed down the street.
“Thank you.” Tony whispered, and leaned up. He gently pressed his lips to Steve’s, soft and sweet. As quick as he started he broke off the kiss and brushed past him down the hall. Steve slowly brought a hand to his lips.
Once they got there, they all looked around carefully before venturing out from the safety of the trees and into the exposed field. They went to the closest platform, and circled around it to the front where it would be most likely to have a landmine, and the platform offered some shade from the rising sun. Raza kicked Tony to the ground, and ordered him to dig. With no tools, Tony started to scrape away at the hard ground with his fingers. Yinsen dropped down beside him and started to help. Raza slunk back into the woods to keep guard form a more covered position. Only Tony and Yinsen were left vulnerable.
Tony grabbed his hand desperately. “You can’t do this, I’ll dig up the rest of the mines, I’ll arm them and we’ll blow our way out of here.”
Tony felt his breath catch in his throat. Steve had been the first cannon, the one that woke him up. The whole time he had been searching, begging, clawing at the snow, Steve had already been dead.
"Provide a distraction for as long as you can."
Steve struggled with what to say. For being the man with the plan, he hadn’t put any thought into this beyond ‘Tony is in trouble, I can help, I have to go right now.’
“Don’t forget the penny. It’s three bucks and one cent.”
“I’m working on it.”
“Sure,” Steve agreed. “You know, I drew pictures of fruit and naked women to get into college.”
His keen nose caught a wiff of badger and they were off, their feet padding across the forest floor like a whisper, as fast and as silent as the owl circling above. Steve quickly outpaced the others. A bad hunting strategy, but he didn’t care about successfully catching anything tonight, he just wanted to feel the wind in his face and the leaves under his feet, and to forget all of the stresses of the ranch and to be free.
Tony spun on him. “I deserve nothing from you! Leave me alone!”
“You could use some more food too, right Steve?”
“You’re not fighting Clint.” Tony said, the threat clear in his voice.
At the end of the week Tony was required to go to the skill test to help rank the contestants. It was not televised, in order to help competitors preserve the advantage of surprise for the arena, but the final scores would be projected throughout the Capital. A good score would help the contestants get sponsors, who could send them small helpful gifts while they were in the arena. Many times it made the difference between life and death.
“Let's see you fight crime with no house and no equipment,” he sniffed. Steve put an arm around his shoulders and pulled him close.
He patted the side of the bed. “Come here.”
“Guys we don’t have time to talk about spiders, I looked everywhere and Tony is missing!”
The other tribute punched him in the back of the head and Tony screamed, thrashing in the sand and getting nowhere. The other tribute got up and dragged him back to the water, forcing his head under as Tony tried to push him off. The cold was a shock, and Tony clamped his eyes and mouth shut, holding his breath. After a few seconds the boy dragged him back up, and the second Tony breathed in, he forced him under again, and Tony’s mouth filled with water. He gasped and choked and struggled, screaming his distress, the sound muffled by the swirling water and mud. The tribute pulled him back up, holding onto him with an iron grip in his hair and around his throat.
Steve’s brows drew together, and he frowned. That had been the wrong thing to say.
That had to be a joke, right? That was nothing like how a reaping was supposed to go, it was supposed to be a great honor to be picked.
“Aww c’mon Tony, you know you love us!”
“No.”
“Tony!”
With Steve safe and the threat gone, Tony turned his attention to Captain Britain. He looked like he was starting to refocus. He helped him to his feet with an arm around his shoulders and then over to a bench that had avoided most of the destruction.
Loki sighed. “Disappointing. I was hoping for some better entertainment. A fight to the death, you kill each other? Oh well, it will be plenty of fun to have a public trial. And everyone loves a good hanging. Guards, take them to the prison and send Hammer up here. We need to start fixing the planes.”
Tony paused, thinking that over. Steve held out his hand, a silent plea for Tony to trust him.
Steve gave him a sad look, not fooled for a minute. He rubbed his hand up and down Tony’s back. Tony stiffened, and for a second Steve worried that he had overstepped his boundaries and that he was going to push him away. They were in public, and when Tony had told him about Yinsen he had turned away from all of Steve's offers of comfort.
Tony left the room, Vision, Rhodey, Carol, and the Spider kid hot on his heels. Steve needed to learn that kid’s name, since it looked like he was operating as a part time Avenger.
It was my birthday this week and I wanted to write something happy.
“Well Tony, you ready to go?”
Steve was watching him closely. He seemed to want to say something, then shook his head as if dismissing the idea. Tony laid down, and closed his eyes. Weariness had sunken into his bones, and he wanted nothing more than to sleep. Steve had no intention of letting him do so. Now that his health had somewhat recovered, so had his curiosity.
“For you have earned it. Do not doubt yourself, Tony.”
That left option three, which was the option that made the most sense. He would call Pepper and harass her to go through his desk until she found the second book deal, find the name of the writer who did the Brooklyn articles, then Tony would give him a call and have him personally show him all the sights. Then he could meet up with Christine and wow her into bed. It was the perfect plan.
He leaned back, his body tense like he was entering a fight. Tony blinked a few times, trying to clear away all the static and clutter in his mind to process what Steve was saying.
He brushed past him and went to the kitchen. He opened a can of ravioli, and started eating it cold from the can with a spoon. He really hated ravioli. He finished the can while Tony watched him, leaning on the doorway.
The man turned and walked away to regroup with his pack, who had taken down Stane’s guards during their fight and were tying them up.
“I told you last night, he can stay if he wants, but I’m not asking him.”
Tony didn’t hesitate. “Rubies and Sapphires.”
“Records show no suspension of override.”
Tony shook his head frantically. “No, no! Well.… actually yes on the furniture. And maybe the security. So actually yes to both. But the party will be fun! You guys will love it!” he insisted.
“I take it all back,” Tony agreed immediately. “I'd say you're the best except you drank my coffee, so I'm gonna have to put you after Rhodey. I can assure you it's close though, and the top three all get prizes so there's really nothing wrong with runner up.” As Tony was talking, Clint sat up in his chair. “Wait, your favorite mug is the kitten mug? The kitten mug???”
Tony opened one eye. “No.” His eye fell shut again.
“Are you sure he didn’t come into contact with any other dragons?” Asked a brown haired man, who looked far too timid to have been a knight, yet still wore their colors.
“Take him to the barracks.”
“Nothing much I can do about it, can I?” Tony responded, matter of fact.
With his hand on her side he could hear Liberty’s voice. “Thank you for coming anyway, dear Anthony. Your presence is a comfort to me.”
Steve huffed out a laugh. “Is that right?”
“I made my bed and now I'll lie in it, I'm not going to back out of a promise. And Tony's great, we're happy. Happier than I ever thought I'd be again, with everyone gone.” He tried to explain.
Carol frowned at him. “Be nice Tony, they’re going to be useful.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony covered his mouth. “Fuck. Obie is going to kill me.” He turned to the man. “Do you remember who bought it?”
He took it all back, he was not ok with Tony dating someone else. If Tony was going to be happy with someone, it should have been him. Why hadn’t it been him? When he was younger he had assumed it was because he was scrawny and bruised up from back alley fights. Now people asked to take his photo and he could bench press a car, and he still couldn’t get the person he liked to look at him twice.
“That sounds boring. I’m not going to take a girl to some stuffy museum. How about some places to eat? I could go for some dinner right now.”
“Clint texted and said that they’re back from their mission, and Nat broke her arm. I wanted to make her something nice.”
Cap got back on the comms, this time light and joking, so he must have been updated by Jarvis that the birds weren’t a threat to anything except nearby buildings.
In the cockpit, Sam was flipping switches to start the takeoff sequence. They were soon on their way, and back to the compound in less than forty minutes. Tony and Natasha each took an arm and helped inside to the couch in the living room, Steve walking mostly under his own power. He clutched a hand to his chest, the strain of moving pulling at the stitches uncomfortably. Tony fretted.
What was he supposed to do now? Leave him here? After he died for him, Tony was just supposed to walk away?
“You know what’s more beautiful?” Tony asked, face down on the counter. “Finished muffins. I could have made two batches in the amount of time it's taken you to scroll down. Empires have been founded and fallen in the amount of time it's taken you to find a recipe.”
“Don’t you
Steve wonders if there was ever anything worth loving beneath that grand facade.
Tony hisses, “shut up,
of all places. God knows anywhere else would have been kinder.”
“Kiss me.”
how Steve feels. “Is it the fact that I lied to you? That I
“I haven’t exactly been subtle myself,” he says dryly, lightly bumping his shoulder against Tony’s. It draws a small smile out of him, so Steve counts it as a victory. “I just wasn’t sure… I guess I just didn’t know what the next step was, exactly. It felt like a... a joke that only you and I were in on, you know? I didn’t realize that you were waiting on
“I said it was a necessary sacrifice. Only one world, instead of two. I don’t know if there was still a Steve Rogers on that earth, but I didn’t
there, for all his mind is acknowledging them. He knew he would need them, walking into the lair of the beast-- but what does it really matter, when Tony has his attention snared? It may as well just be the two of them here, standing on the same precipice they’ve danced along all these years. Their melody still plays on, discordant as it may be. After years of offbeat steps and stumbling tempos, Steve foolishly thought they’d found their footing again.
“I loved you,” he says quietly. Tony goes utterly still across from him, but Steve pays it no mind.
“Anything.” Without hesitation.
The thing is, the party had actually been tolerable up until that moment.
is where you went.”
Tony gapes at him in surprise for a moment, before his mouth curls into his usual grin. It’s genuine and playful in a way his smiles weren’t back in that crowd of people, and it thrills Steve to know he can draw it out of him. It’s all he’s ever wanted-- to see Tony at ease, even if it’s at the expense of being teased himself.
Tony is trembling in front of him, but Steve can’t read the wild look in his eyes. He can’t tell if it’s fear, grief, or anger. He doesn’t know what he would want it to be, either way.
He closes his eyes, feels the wildfire catch, tastes the ash in his mouth; this is no battlefield, but he will allow himself to burn.
Rogers. What could possibly make you think I’d have any use for you
to you?” he demands, refusing to let the echoes of old grief consume him. “How many times did you do this? Why did you never
The once burning pull is nothing but soft embers now, a wildfire with nothing left to burn. He’s so
The Gem calls to him, a siren song, draws his hand to press against Steve’s chest. So it really
The words don’t fix what is broken between them, no spell to mend the damage they’ve caused. But it is
He ends up in chains again, the Gem stealing him away before he wakes.
His own frustration bleeds through at last,
“Tell me you love me,” he says quietly, “just once. Please. Let me pretend.”
“...pretty.”
“I watched you hightail it out of there so fast I thought your ass was on fire, Steve.” He tilts his head, his mouth quirking into a grin, “and trust me, I was looking. Is that a new suit?”
Steve thinks he’s going to be
“And speaking of self-control, which I’ve never been known for,” Tony continues easily, “I’m very likely going to kiss you now, so speak now or forever hold your--
“Which part of this kills you the most, Captain?” His words are dripping in false sincerity, as though he would ever actually
“Oh, Stella?” Tony hums, “Yeah, it’s been a while since I’ve seen her. She doesn’t like to show up to these things-- spends half the time fending off men three times her age, usually. They tend to keep a wider perimeter if they think I’m competition, though. But hey, at least my old reputation is good for
“I don’t know, are you going to believe it?”
Steve thinks it may very well be breaking him alongside it. He doesn’t know what space it has him trapped in, but clearly they need
“That’s selfish of you,” Tony says, kneeling before him--
The melody begins again.
hiding there, all along.
“I could have loved you, Steve. Well-- at least for a while. You know I would’ve gotten bored of you eventually.”
Steve, of all people, can certainly relate. God knows he gets plenty tongue-tied when Tony’s attention is on him.
It was Tony’s voice that called him back, pulling him from the promise of a universe shaped in his image. But it was still futile, wasn’t it? All but one Gem shattered, broken stained glass that once promised salvation. The Time Gem was lost to the stars, as was their last chance at a peaceful end.
He can’t recognize his own laughter, the sound of off tune violin strings, wound far too tight.
Scherzo, desperation in 4/4 time.
over in the end?”
“...Steve--”
It’s enough to startle harsh laughter out of him. “Really? You want to ask
“I feel like that would’ve saved you some effort,” Steve hisses in pain, trying to readjust into a more comfortable position. He’s quickly finding it to be a useless effort.
The shackle tightens against his throat, cutting off his airway. He struggles against it instinctively, but it only serves to choke him further.
more than anything. “Why? Why did you keep believing me? What good did it do you?”
Steve freezes, every ounce of adrenaline turning to stone in his veins.
“It’s okay,” he breathes out, watching Tony with soft adoration, with the affection he never allowed himself before. He smiles as his eyes slip closed. “It’s okay.”
By the time the Time Gem rips Steve back, there is already blood spilled and bones broken. He doesn’t know which one of them was winning, realistically; he was too busy letting his grief overwhelm him.
Well, that certainly shoots down every theory he’d considered. If Tony knew that Steve disappeared, then…
It is the bittersweet taste of something he never allowed himself to have.
“--but I would like to be,” he continues just as calmly, knocking Steve entirely off kilter. The emotional whiplash must be evident on his face, if Tony’s wry smile is anything to go by. “You can’t tell me that’s a surprise to you, right? I thought I was being pretty obvious. Just thought I’d give you time to… figure out if this was what you really wanted.” He pauses as he glances away, looking unsure of himself in a way Steve’s never seen.
willing to do.”
The last time he held the Time Gem, it sang to him in harmony with all of its siblings, the promise of power and protection in equal measure. In those first few moments, he could hear the rest of the universe call out to him, blinding and beautiful and
He wishes he could have seen the placating tactic for what it was. He wishes he could have seen
A lullaby, achingly familiar. Where is it coming from?
“I didn’t
“You’re insatiable,” Steve accuses, though it sounds far too much like an endearment. “Alright then, Tony. Take me home, already.”
is where you went.”
“I don’t have much of anything, anymore,” he smiles, bittersweet. “I’m not even angry anymore, Tony. I’m just
he sneers, “I don’t want the Gem, but I won’t let a genocidal maniac have it, either.” Tony’s demeanor changes between one heartbeat and the next. The glowing blue of his suit shifts to red, molten and bleeding, a mirror image of Steve. It’s too easy for them to dig into each other.
“You’re the one who nearly killed
“Huh.” He ponders aloud. “So
He isn’t listening anymore, the fight bleeding out of him the instant Tony’s back is turned. He doesn’t know why the Time Gem put him here, of all places, but he just wants to go
“I’ve been so selfish, when it comes to you,” he laughs, bitter and weak. “If I’m being honest with myself, I didn’t hate you for going back to the Illuminati, because of what you were-- what you
“I wasn’t really
“You haven’t fucked up the team, or our friendship,” Steve says, to which Tony gasps dramatically and clutches at his chest. Steve just rolls his eyes.
There is an onslaught of memories, crashing and battering against him, one after the other. He can hear his mother singing through the thin walls of their Brooklyn apartment, warming him to the core. He sees the familiar arc of his shield as it ricochets through the battlefield, the friendly banter of the Avengers filtering through his ear piece. A gala that Jan forced them to attend ages and ages ago, when Steve was still trying to find his footing with the team.
“How dare you think you ever felt more than me,” he spits out, “how
use.”
It’s a miracle that he holds fast, knowing that the memories it sees fit to show him will be nothing short of agonizing. The ice keeps him immobile, a frozen prison that was meant to be a coffin. The first few months as an Avenger, wondering if they only cared about Captain America, not Steve Rogers. Tony leaving Steve in his cell with nothing but scathing words, soon to die on the steps of the courthouse. The nightmare that turns to reality, Tony’s betrayal eating him alive.
at someone. Did he think that just because Tony looked comfortable for a moment, that meant he didn’t have feelings for him?
“That’s your gimmick, not mine, Stark,” he replies humorlessly. “What the hell makes you think I can control an Infinity Gem all on my own?”
The memories it shows him are-- not his own, he realizes. He’s seeing the events through eyes as just as sharp as his own, a mind reeling in every direction, chaos and order all at once. He is--
Between one breath and the next, the pain inflicted on him before the Gem shattered bolts through him again, violently dragging him back into awareness, to his body. There is screaming in his ears, earsplitting and
Tony is frozen in place at the lofted bar, a martini glass halfway tilted to his mouth, clearly caught off guard by his appearance. Steve stiffens the moment they lock eyes, but he’ll be damned if he makes the first move. Where is this Tony from, in their timeline? The drink in his hand indicates that it’s probably previous to Tony’s sobriety, but he can’t make heads or tails of this place. Did the Gem drop him even
“An entire earth, just to keep you alive.”
Or, rather, Iron Man. Before he’d known the brave, beautiful man beneath the mask, they were still inseparable. Iron Man’s arm is slung over Steve’s shoulder as they laugh, trading witty banter as easy as breathing. Even with the faceplate, Steve still knows that Tony’s smile is just as bright as his own.
He was supposed to be better than this; salvation for those lesser than him. He would wonder when he became God instead of human, instead of hero, but he knows the answer well enough already. When he was selfish enough to sacrifice an entire earth to keep Steve alive, he knew he’d already lost every right to stand beside his team. What good was a hero who would trade billions of lives, just to save one?
