Bucky takes over the Captain America mantel for a while, then it passes to Sam. Steve volunteers at several veteran organizations and takes an active role in a variety of social justice causes. He snickers in delight as Bucky and Sam answer the call to create new government PSAs.
No, Tony doesn’t do things halfway, and as he enters his exam/medical room he hums in satisfaction. It looks like every standard doctor’s office he has ever seen. Inside two large metal cabinets along the far wall there are weapons and food supplies, but from the outside they look like they probably hold medical accoutrement.
“That’s the one!” says Tony. “Anyway, he’s sort of been taken under my wing, like a protégé, or no, like a scrappy teen vigilante that won’t take no for an answer? I guess you could say he’s actually like a-“
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s painfully adorable to see Tony all awkward like this. Tony is never awkward. Rushed. Rude. Pushy. Sarcastic. These are his usual go-tos when he’s feeling a bit out of his element. He knows Tony is just nervous about saying or doing the wrong thing and pushing him away (he just told him, in between kisses…), so he decides to take the lead.
In the weeks they’ve been apart Steve has been actively trying to hone his control while he’s worked up. He’d get himself right to the edge of orgasm, and then force himself to stop, and do something that takes a delicate hand. Sew a patch onto one of his socks, draw a small still life. After many broken pencils and pricked fingers, he feels more confident controlling himself around Tony in this state.
Steve is adventurous and creative in bed and has been open to anything and everything they’ve tried… but this involves role play, which they haven’t done. And Tony’s not sure Steve would be comfortable with it. Steve is so earnest, and Tony doesn’t want him to think he needs him to be someone he’s not.
“I want to make you feel so good. I want to ride you, Tony.”
“What do you want, Tony?” he asks, slowly undoing the string, hoping to prompt him. Steve has so many dream-memories in his head, they almost feel like past experiences.
Tony throws himself on the bed dramatically, even though his suit might wrinkle, and they need to be out front in five minutes or Wanda will magic his balls off.
Steve shakes his head.
Steve has no idea what he’s doing.
seen the original Star Wars trilogy?”
Steve’s voice is shaking with emotion and he’s squeezing Tony tight, just shy of the point where it’s uncomfortable. He goes on, “God I hope I haven’t ruined anything. I hope you know what this means to me...”
At first he thought Steve might refuse. He’s been fluctuating back and forth between team-leader-Steve and friend-Steve enough to make Tony’s head spin. And it’s already spinning. Honestly, he half expected Steve to cart him back to SHEILD HQ and have them give him a psych exam, and then wish him the best of luck and leave.
“Okay, I’m going to apply the lubricant now, it will be a little cold.” Steve takes the large tube and slathers a generous amount onto two fingers. “Tell me if you feel any discomfort, this shouldn’t be painful, but some people do report burning or tightness.”
Mercifully, Tony takes pity on him as soon as his decision is made, moving him immediately to turn around on the platform to face the wall.
A few seconds pass and a soothing computer tone sounds. The elevator opens.
“Can you hold yourself here for me?” he asks.
It’s like Steve is waking from one of his dreams. Everything is harsh and cold compared to the surreal heat of the last two days.
“Sex, when it’s with someone you care about like I care about you, isn’t about getting off. That’s a really fun part of it sometimes, but the
do the right thing when all he wants is to pin Tony down into the sand and…
“Open up, that’s it.”
Scott sighs.
“Yeah no, that’s still totally inappropriate” says Sam. Nat nods in agreement, hands busy in the sink washing up. Wanda blushes and Vision looks exactly the same as he always does.
.” Tony slides a hand down between them and punctuates the last word with a firm squeeze of Steve’s cock. Steve’s nostrils flare and Tony can feel him pulse in his hand. Jesus.
Rocket shakes his head. “No one ever knows what you’re saying, you know that?” He picks up another wrench and points it at Tony.
Steve takes that moment to thrust hard, hard as he dares deep into Tony, joining his climax.
A week later Scott is back at the compound.
“I’m worried Tony’s body may have come to rely on the micro-dose. For example, we aren’t sure what would happen if he went cold turkey. Would there be cell damage? Would his now highly-functioning immune system break down? Will the cells with the serum markers revert all at once causing years of aging in a very short time-frame? These are all unknowns.”
Thor is paying them no heed, examining his increasingly mangled-looking arm.
“Show me what you got, Cap.”
Once he’s got a decent amount on his fingers and deposited onto Tony’s puckered entrance, he tests out dipping a fingertip. It slides in easier than he thought. He moves it in and out, mesmerized that he’s actually doing this. Tony has started babbling; it’s just a string of words that are incredibly graphic and increasingly nonsensical.
Like he only has one thing to think about and it’s Tony and it’s perfect.
. The dildo slides and burns a bit as it enters, but Tony stays quiet, eager to finally have Steve fuck him.
Tony saves the image as his phone’s background, and starts thinking about making Steve a ring.
Tony scoots back across the massive bed to Steve, flopping down next to him.
Tony keeps talking. That’s always realistic, the constant flow of Tony’s voice.
Steve steps closer to the nearest shelf and picks up a cloth that feels like it’s made of a thousand tiny soft lumps with gel in the middle, and another that he recognizes as a natural sea sponge. “How do you pick from all the options?” he asks.
a panic room. He has spent the last two weeks converting it into a sexy doctor’s exam room.
Tony can’t do anything but just relax into Steve’s arms and get kissed for all he’s worth. He can’t believe this, he really should have just called Steve. He could have had this months ago, what an idiot.
The team works well together to take them out, but the more they destroy the more appear, floating up from a variety of hidden outputs all over the course.
Tony pushes his tinted glasses up his nose. “The webs are the kid’s own invention; he’s a budding scientist, hence the mentoring. Though I
Steve looks down at his own erection and blushes from scalp to belly button. He’s leaking. A lot. It almost looks like he's already come he’s so wet. It’s starting to pool at the base of his cock and slide down. Oh god, he’s mortified.
Tony eyes Steve meaningfully, and takes his hand.
Stupid Tony.
Steve grimaces, “I can’t believe everyone knew… and you all just... let us pretend!”
Nebula gasps in understanding. "He took her to Vormir, he came back with the stone... and without Gamora."
Bruce’s eyebrows raise. “So for the last eight months, the longest you’ve ever gone between sessions is two days?”
“Why are you wearing clothes?”
regret." Steve pauses, eyes bright. This is his only chance. "I don’t know if there is anything I can say; I should have tried harder. You don’t… god I don’t know how to say this without sounding like a sanctimonious asshole…”
He steps out and hovers just inside the room. He realizes he’s never actually been up here. Even when he lived in the tower, he only spent time in his suite and on the communal floors. The Penthouse always felt like Tony and Pepper’s private space.
Tony chuckles nervously and says “No promises!” before ending the call.
Tony moves his hand that isn’t occupied by Steve and runs it through his golden hair, sensing his heightened emotions.
Steve moves automatically to comply. Grip tightening.
“Is that him?” asks Rhodey.
Nebula makes an aborted gesture with her arm, and then lets it fall.
“Yeah, cheer up Steve,” says Tony, “Now that they officially know, I can say things like ‘lets go back to the suite and have sex!’”
“Tony. Please.”
go visit Bucky once he leaves New York on his way back to the team and update him on their plan to restore his status in the world. Tony wishes he could be a fly on the wall when Steve tells Barnes they’ve kissed and made up… huh, well probably not the kissing part? Tony isn't really sure where Steve stands on telling people about them.
Ahhh! That's it! As I've said, I think there is more to come in this series ... There's more time to write what with the pandemic, so while there is still interest I'll keep this going.
, looks like Steve going full-on commander on him has done it, he’s half-hard and getting harder.
?” Bruce says, clearly not seeing where Tony is going with this.
need you to fuck me, come back, everyone is gone.”
Steve glances back at Tony’s sleeping form. Guess it’s time to get back to reality. He texts Sam, who responds almost immediately.
But as they waved goodbye he didn't put them back on. He’s not really sure what he should be hiding from Steve at this point, and what he should show.
Tony touches Steve’s cheek and gives him a pitying look. “Oh baby, no… no. The
Steve also asks if anyone else on the team wants to bring up anything around the idea of personal relationships, and there’s an awkward silence.
“I know it’s not that simple” says Bruce. Steve quirks a smile and wonders if maybe mind-reading is a side effect of being a super genius. “but being honest doesn’t mean you have to have the answers. Tell them how you feel, even if what you feel is confused. Give them time to be honest in turn with you. You’re a good guy, Steve, and no one who really knows you will just walk away because things have become… complicated.”
Tony’s pupils dilate. “Yes.”
is his reaction to all this. He just winked! “Um, yeah, I think you’ll be pleased. I’ve been… thorough.”
He can’t even show Steve a nice day on the beach. His hands start to shake. He can’t make anything work.
Steve makes a muffled noise, but does his best to remove his pained expression and be quiet.
Honestly, he’d love to just spend more time with Tony. They’ve been in the shower for quite a while now, but it’s so big and the spray is so intuitive that it’s not really like a shower. It’s more like a sauna, warm and relaxing. His fingers aren’t even pruney. Steve knows he’s getting ahead of himself, but he hopes the new compound has a shower like this.
But all that changed the minute he realized he could make all his Doctor Steve fantasies come true; plus, having a fully equipped medical room down there is actually a good idea. If Tony or the others are ever forced to come down into the panic bunker levels, chances are someone will need medical attention.
God Steve smells great, like pomegranate and vanilla. Suddenly he can’t seem to focus on Pepper anymore. Steve is here, in his arms, finally.
“You know,” says Tony, “it’s too bad we’ll probably have to bury any of your findings Bruce, this would make a killer research publication:
Natasha rolls her eyes and begins cutting the cake with a knife she’s pulled out of nowhere.
He once again feels pleasure overload, where he can’t seem to contain the feeling within his body. He’s floating, on another plane outside himself, it’s too much. Seeing Tony throw himself back, confident Steve will support him, touching himself, moaning Steve's name.
Steve goes even redder. “What?”
for you.”
He rubs at Steve’s hip to reassure him. “You’re doing so well Steve. I’m getting the lube now. You don’t want to use soap on yourself there, even my tasty ones.” Steve nods and gasps, breath shuttering, grip tightening on the handholds. Tony is glad he went all-out with the quality of materials for the shower, the handrails are titanium alloy and should hold up to Steve’s super strength… at least for a while.
Tony doesn’t want to have to jump into the long talk he knows they need to have… and it turns out he has the perfect distraction. Steve is hard again, or… still hard? Pressed up against Tony’s stomach.
“Thank you.” Says Steve. But his tone is serious and doesn’t match Tony’s light one. They both know he’s thanking Tony for something else.
It’s just hard, he reminds him that Jarvis is gone.
Steve nods, but still doesn’t seem to know where this is going.
Nat turns over her shoulder at the sink to jokingly call after them “Be sure to start with the corners!”
Scott nods quickly. “Yeah no, I get it. I’m pretty sure I’m like 83% straight actually. Hope is thinking she may move out here soon! It’s not that I’m like… you know I don’t
“Yes Boss. Good luck.”
“You coming with, Green Bean?” asks Tony.
His blush doesn’t quite fade either, and he knows that as soon as they arrive and get settled he needs to clear the air. While Tony was gone, it was easy enough to relax and be with Becky and not feel as… confused. He likes Becky so much. Being with her is so easy, and he can’t help but feel that she is what he needs; what’s best for him.
Steve seems satisfied with that because he licks at Tony in earnest, probing him with the tip of his tongue. But then he stops, he doesn’t delve any further…
Tony walks over, stripping off his shirt. He isn’t really focused on sex at the moment, even though they’re both naked and he still has a butt plug up his ass. He just wants to feel Steve’s skin on his. He pulls Steve to him into a firm hug.
Steve knows he can’t actually just use his own juices to open Tony up, but he got the idea as Tony was stroking him in the shower. He’s slick. Really slick. With enough prep he probably could fuck Tony on that alone… but for now he thinks this probably helps get at Tony’s desire to be owned.
He steps into the huge stall that’s already steaming up, turning his back to the water and letting the warm pulsing liquid do the rest of the work his breathing exercises started. He’s calm for all of ten seconds before he remembers that Steve is just outside the door. In his bed. And he just turned him down for what would have likely been the shortest frottage experience of his life (which is saying something given the amount of time Tony spent rutting in boarding school).
He’s also bought two post-run PowerAids from the nearest cart, so he’s pretty sure he’s pulling his weight even though he's not like, actually running.
Tony only beats him by a handful of seconds, but he’s already fiddling with a read-out. Of course Tony’s shower has a computer in it. Someday Steve wants to take Tony camping. Get him in a tent in the woods with nothing that connects to the internet, or has a computer chip in it, or even runs on batteries.
“Yes, Steve, I’m almost there, you’re amazing, holding me like this.” Tony reaches down to where he and Steve are joined to swipe some of the copious lube and slick moisture that’s gathered there. Tony can tell this is going to be fast, even though he’s only been hard again for a short time.
Steve looks up suddenly from buttoning the cuffs on his crisp white dress shirt.
He enters the suite with tunnel-vision, quickly stripping off his clothes and heading straight for the bathroom. Tony showed him the suite on his first day here under the guise of a grand tour for him as team leader (wherein they got a hurried make-out session in before Sam came around asking how to work the TV).
Bruce looks at them a long moment. “Huh,” he thinks, “They’re in love.” He makes some final notes, and gives them marching orders.
And now Tony is hurt and they’re saying he refused to see Medical and Becky has already text him about what his plans are for dinner and he feels sick even though that’s physiologically impossible now.
Tony added the “training safe word” at the last minute just this morning, mainly for Peter. Today is his first time interacting with the team (except for Germany of course). Tony wants to be sure he (and anyone else) can stop whatever will be attacking them if needed.
He stays on his knees. He should feel embarrassed, should scramble to get up. But he doesn’t want to. He won’t until Tony tells him to.
“Of course, of course I will talk you through everything Steve, you know me, I’d narrate paint drying.” It’s a bad joke, but Steve manages a smile because he knows Tony is just trying so hard to make him comfortable.
Tony plunges on, “But we are communicating now. And it's good Pep, it's really good. I promise you we have thought this through. We’re in this thing, together, whatever it takes.”
Steve is on edge now, shamelessly thrusting back against Tony’s hand. “I’d dream of you. You fucking me, touching me, fingering me open, putting me on my knees. Sucking you off, fucking you, you blowing me, god Tony… Can’t stop thinking about you, only you.”
Fuck, Tony is having a hard time remembering what he was going to do next.
“Steve, it’s okay, listen.” Steve relaxes and refocuses on Tony.
“You don’t have to, I mean we don’t have to… you’ve already, and I can, um, that is… sometimes it can take more than once, or even more than twice… sorry…”
Steve turns to Wanda and Vision, “Did you know too?”
“Shh, it’s alright Tony, I just need to go prepare your medicine. It’s not something I would normally do in front of a patient… but if you’re uncomfortable being left alone I can do it here.” Steve says, voice calm and warm.
The beach is as good a place as any.
But the thought of Steve injecting his hard cock into him in a clinical environment won’t leave his brain no matter how much he tries to move on. Tony knows himself, and once his brain latches on to something, there’s no stopping it until he makes it a reality. It’s why he’s Iron Man.
Steve shuts his eyes and takes a deep breath, calming his racing heartbeat and trying to focus.
Steve is getting more worried as the questions mount. “Bruce, do you have any idea what is happening, or what it means?
“So, what now?” asks Steve after they’ve laid there for several long moments. He knows they’ve pretty much planned what to do over the next month to get everything back on track, but, he’s not sure when or how Tony is expecting him to leave. How can he be expected to leave when things feel this perfect?
“Friday, give Steve’s cab some extra-long red lights would you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve blushes.
“’Witch’ is just a term that you people can understand that describes what she is and her power, which is
He should be thinking of the team. He should be calmly going over Tony’s unification plan and thanking whatever powers that be that things have gone as well as they have tonight.
“Yep” says Tony, and damn it, that’s all he can think to say. He’s tempted to flirt with “Dr. Steve” more, but Steve is doing so well playing it straight, and Tony suspects he’d just get rebuffed.
Tony is not about to back-slide into more fingering, he needs Steve in him
The conclusion of this What If? for Chapter 110: Time away from the world from '1796 Broadway,' complete with epilogue because I can't wait to see Steve and Tony actually get together in that story!
Ned >> Uhg, I’m so jealous, now you have ~two~ super-dads!
Pepper chokes.
Step one is to shrink down to Ant Man size and take a tour of the exterior of the building on one of the local flying ants. He looks for any subtle weaknesses in the physical building itself. Next he takes Auntie (his name for this ant) through the inner-workings of the hanger, the garage, the shared spaces and attempts to get into the actual security system. The security system is locked up tight and Friday notices him (!) trying to find an entry point, which is actually crazy impressive.
, and happening soon. I don’t care what anyone has to cancel.”
Snuggling, and planning. Then talking and more snuggling.
He’s never been this happy. And chances are he won't get to be with Tony like this again any time soon. Even when the new accords launch, and the team coalesces in the compound upstate… it’s just hard to imagine having this kind of time to just… be.
And Tony responds:
The screen shows a simple map of the blood sample and a few stats.
- Tony and Steve reunite after their month+ separation. At first they need to play it cool since the whole team is around.
phone and put your number in under a cryptographic lock code. I wasn’t going to drag that old-ass Nokia around with me everywhere!”
They stay like that, in a mesmerizing rhythm until Steve feels like he’s getting close again. Tony must be getting desperate too, Steve can see his hardness as he looks down the length of Tony’s glistening body. Red, straining straight up.
Tony tells Steve he has a fever, and the only prescription, is more of his dick.
Thanks to everyone who took the time to read this! Please let me know if you see any errors or have any feedback, this is un-beta'd.
Tony nods his head a little and brushes his lips to Steve’s, speechless.
Besides, if he gets a few scratches, he heals pretty fast these days.
This chapter borrows more heavily from the others in terms of the content of the letters in '1796 Broadway.' I figured at least some of what was written would spill out in an actual conversation, and in some cases more or less, because finding the right thing to say in the moment is very different than laboring over a letter.
His positive outlook crashes to a halt when he gets to Tony’s blood sample.
Maybe he just wants to ask about how Bruce’s hair gets such amazing curl…
Oh god.
of his time on the Accords II than anything else lately... Apart from obsessing about Steve).
“I’m going to touch you now Steve. First with a new cloth to clean you, then my fingers, then if you’re good, my mouth okay?”
Tony steps closer and cups Steve’s jaw with his gauntleted hand. “Ah
Steve’s heart aches, Tony’s attachment to, and subsequent loss of, his AI makes that much more sense. He asks even though he feels like he knows the answer.
Tony pulls back and swallows thickly before telling the shower “Recovery bench 1”
Tony’s eyes go wide at that.
“The reason is, Steve… that I want to share myself with you, give myself to you. And not, not in the literal sense, although I want that
“Hmm,” says Steve. “What if I did it in an American flag bikini?”
Steve’s eyes crinkle at the corners. “We’re really looking forward to hearing your security assessment at the end of the week, but we actually just wanted to talk to you on a personal level for a minute.”
Steve's POV as Tony "de-stresses" in the shower.
In seconds Friday responds, voice echoing out of the armor, “It seems there are multiple fan sites and posts devoted to your alleged relationship, and one tabloid story from a year ago. However, there is nothing that has gained mass awareness or acceptance, Boss.”
Scott shrinks down to Ant Man size, grabs a tiny handful of cake and runs away. Natasha hands the corner piece to Tony with a level “Please talk to him, it’s just going to get more awkward.”
Jesus. Steve palms himself to take the edge off and pushes away the self-doubt that creeps up as he remembers Tony’s words. He already jumped to doubting himself and doubting Tony once tonight; he won’t do it again. Steve wants to give Tony what he needs. To show him he can give as good as he gets. And yeah, the idea of owning Tony… he needs to restructure his headspace a bit. Months of dreams where Tony subjugated him have left him at a bit of a loss.
Some unclear yelling is heard off-camera on Rhodey’s end. He yells back “Yeah yeah, stick it up your ass!”
Steve feels his heart swell as Tony stares at his creation. He’s seen soldiers coming home look at their newborn baby boys with less pride.
This is one of Tony’s most ingenious additions to the compound. There are five different courses, with a ton of different training scenarios for each one. All of them are manned by Friday to be totally random, even Tony doesn’t know what’s coming. Each one has a specific challenge or challenger, and the team will have to work together to solve the issue/defeat the villain.
Tony runs his hands through his hair in frustration. He can’t tell if he’s being too needy or if Steve is being a stick in the mud. Either way he decides to get a move on the proceedings himself. If Steve wants to waste an hour on a run, Tony can a least save them some time by prepping himself.
Tony's not an “everything happens for a reason” type person, but he can’t deny that where he’s ended up is pretty fucking great. And Wanda is trying. And she cares about Vision, who is like a son-friend-creation to Tony. So he guesses they’re something like family.
Tony shuts the door to the bathroom with a quiet click, and presses his forehead to the door before telling JARVIS what settings he wants for the shower.
Steve lets out a groan, “The comforter, I was being so careful.”
Scott turns into Gi-ant Man and mainly serves as the split-second distraction they need to get the upper-hand.
“Um… congratulations?” Wait, what if they really do know he was in the suite and that he saw them? Friday is super advanced… Is this a trap? A test of his moral metal? He grits his teeth and prays what he’s about to do isn’t the stupidest move he’s ever made (which would really be saying something).
The ground rumbles and terrain variations emerge up from the previously flat grass. Where there was once nothing but a lush field, there is now an entire mock-environment with boulders, hills, faux foliage. A couple of fake (but sturdy) light poles and even a few buildings emerge to complete the course.
A crazed laugh threatens to bubble up in his throat. He really should tell them he’s going to see Tony. He should. He’s learned his lesson about keeping secrets, lies of omission.
“It’s obviously a type of Terran berry, that is blue.” Nebula rasps. “Because I have blue skin. You’re not clever, Stark.”
“I was thinking that too,” says Steve, smiling warmly. “You don’t need to have Friday call up anything. I just wanted to check. I recorded that damn safe sex PSA enough times. Can’t be a hypocrite, right?”
Wanda turns and smiles at them. “We’ve been working on paprikash since last night, it’s almost done and there’s plenty.” Things between Wanda and Tony have been good, if not overly-friendly. He’s not sure he’ll ever get over the image she put in his head when they were at odds during Ultron. Steve dead, broken shield on his chest. The end of the world.
Tony rubs small irregular patterns up Steve’s back. Finally saying, “You’re really happy? With me? I was noticing you seemed a little down earlier, before Rhodey’s call.”
“Tony…”
Tony’s brow relaxes. “Okay, not the greatest odds, but I’d still bet on us. Is there a best course of action? One that has the best outcome?”
Tony is starting to wish he could see the kid’s face.
They’ll go to Hawaii, away from Japan and all the negativity Tony has managed to amass here. And once they are relaxed on the beach, Steve will have a straight talk with Tony and tell him everything.
Steve takes the last tube at hand and pours it over his cock as he talks, stroking himself to spread it around.
go again, but it wasn’t like this. Steve tries to will his erection away, and it’s nothing-doing.
Tony takes his jaw in hand and slides his length back into Steve’s mouth, while at the same time stepping closer, pressing his leg in a firm line against Steve from his lower  thigh up to his abdomen. Steve's erection suddenly has a heady pressure against it.
Steve comes back to himself and pulls on the plug gently, worried about hurting Tony. His mind alight with his words. There’s some resistance as he eases out the widest part (yes, just about his size), but then it slides out smoothly. He tosses it onto the nearby shelf into a pile of washcloths and positions himself at Tony’s entrance.
“You’re going to tell me more about this fantasy of yours, and while you do I’m going to suck you off. I’m already close, so I’m going to come while you’re in my mouth, maybe twice if I can. Otherwise I’ll take care of myself while you drive… as it is I’m pretty sure that even if I come three times I’ll have to sit through the performance with an erection tucked up against my stomach.”
“Of course you can” he says and fixes Steve with his most benign smile.
he think that? Steve has already done just that. He let him eat his ass on his knees and Tony wasn’t hard at all. And Steve didn’t even notice, didn’t care. He was only thinking about himself. What if Tony didn’t even
Dr. Strange gives him a withering look and says only, “No.”
“Umm, can you repeat that? I was wool gathering…” Steve says.
Tony clutches at Steve’s neck to keep from sliding off the exam table. “Uh, wow, okay... I mean, yes obviously. Yes let’s do that… but… are you sure? Maybe you’re just high on endorphins from the stirrups? I mean, you’re a genius for finding those by the way, and I still really need you to fuck me with my legs spread open by them…”
Slowly the images become clearer, not just flashes but whole scenes, like memories. By the time they've been on the run for a month he’s dreaming every night for what seems like hours, even if he knows he’s only been able to sleep for a few minutes.
“Steve. Stevie. Stevia, my sweet, precious all-American beefcake… you are literal physical perfection. You have sexual tension with a tea kettle. But no, I have actually never gotten any signals from you that you were in any way interested. Ever. Which makes me feel like this” Tony makes the same motion between the two of them that Steve just did, “this 'you on your knees offering to felatiate me'-thing, is coming from a bit out of left field. Which is why I’m
“Steve!” Interrupts Thor. “We gladly accept your invitation to the sushi restaurant.” Thor wraps his gruesome-looking arm around Rocket and goes on “What time should we be ready to accompany you?”
“I want to show you, Tony. Show you how happy you make me. Can I do that?”
Steve rolls his eyes, “I don’t really like either of those terms.”
Tony pales and looks at Steve slack-jawed and suddenly Steve feels like a fool. Of course Tony isn’t interested in him! Of course he –
He sighs and goes to get into the swimsuit he saw in the top drawer earlier with the little card on top marked “Guest” (there was also a lady’s bikini).
Tony huffs, “Fine, you’ve got a Bucky Bear and the independent-label Avengers to deal with?”
Bruce interrupts, cutting to the heart of it: “Why didn’t you tell Tony about Becky, Steve?”
“Steve, is that what you want?”
“Tony, what’s wrong? I’m out on a run, I can be back in 30 minutes, what’s the situation?”
Scott smiles back, his crush burning a little less brightly now that it's been called out.
Of course he understands the basic mechanics of gay sex, and that men go down on women, so it would make sense that you could do that with a man too, but he just never… He’s so hard that he can’t really stand to compare the two choices for more than a few seconds.
Bruce nods. “That’s what I thought, which means… something else is going on with you Tony.” Bruce pulls up a few different holo-screens. “Here is an example of a normal, healthy blood sample, this is Sam’s.”
that simple.
Tony pauses to rub at his facial hair. "We don’t have an HR, so I think it’s down to you and me, winging it. Hmm, we may need an HR, and maybe a PR team. I'll float that by my people, like with Scott's security consultation we may be able to piggy-back off of SI's infrastructure.”
it matters! I’m not going to… I’m not going to do anything with you if you’re not going to enjoy it, Tony! I’m not just going to, to use you without you getting anything from it!” Steve suddenly feels panicked, like there’s something huge he’s missing.
And then Tony drops a huge chunk of spaceship directly down on top of him.
Once they land they’re ambushed by a rag-tag team of aliens (though, turns out their leader Quill is half human). It’s a bit like looking at a bizarre fun-house version of themselves, but Steve is glad to have the extra help. Quill and Tony vie for planning rights, but Steve is pretty sure that even with their current roster, they’ll be outgunned by the power stone.
Sam and Steve are just finishing their run in Central Park when it happens. Tony is there in workout clothes too, his nano chest attachment gleaming in the sun. Rather than join the run, he’s been sitting on a bench in partial shade eating an ice cream cone typing on a Stark Pad, glancing up as they pass by to appreciate Steve’s form.
Nebula doesn’t hate him. After the loss of Gamora she is quite adrift, and is comforted by these strange, annoying, soft,
Tony doesn’t say much on the way home. Steve doesn’t try to engage him much either. He needs to think. Knowing Tony feels this way, he’s not sure what it means for them, or for his relationship with Becky… but if he’s honest with himself Becky may be what he needs, but he
could have afforded those apartments with New York City real estate prices, it does not make sense…”).
Tony begins to nod, about to agree.
On the flight back to New York he manages eight full hours of sleep. He’s grateful when he wakes up, feeling better than he has in months…
Steve doesn’t hold back. He’s too worked up, both from the intensity of what Tony has been saying and the whole situation. He swallows Tony down without any thought to technique or finesse. Just consumes him, sucking desperately until Tony comes in just a matter of seconds.
Steve sits and rolls over to Tony, his face almost perfectly level with Tony’s bent over ass.
“Go home, Spidey, we’ll see you next month, good work today.”
The next morning he calls a team meeting, and nobody seems surprised when he says he’s leaving. He’s not even sure he’s making sense, but at the end of his speech he closes with “… I’m sorry to leave you all. I hope you can understand. I just need to see him.”
“You know Shuri, Nebula," says Tony, "when ah, the fate of the universe isn’t at stake we should get together again. I throw a mean slumber party. We could do science. Ask Bruce, I give great science.”
Namely, that Tony has become incredibly touchy-feely. Which is saying something since he was already physically affectionate. Steve notices that Tony is touching him in front of the team the same way he would if they were alone in the master suite of the compound. Nothing obscene, but if Steve is within arms-reach of Tony, Tony is touching him.
And then he hears Tony moan in the shower.
Steve thought that after his break up with Becky, maybe they could normalize back into their friendship. And maybe they
Steve squeezes Tony’s hand so tightly that it skirts being painful. “I think, when Bruce said he would need to hear about our private lives he meant more
“Hmm, I think the split may be 60/40? Or… oh I know,” says Tony. “Friday, over the last eight months, on average how often have Steve and I had sex? And what’s the breakdown for who is top vs bottom?”
He stands and holds out a hand to Tony. “Sam made me realize even a day or two is vital at this point. Are you up for one more shower? I looked and there’s a flight out to the airport closest to Wakanda at midnight. I can make it if I leave in an hour.”
Pepper’s crisp face appears in front of him. She looks him over and her mouth turns into a tight line.
Add to that that his room and board are covered, and apparently Avengers team members do get something called a “Hero Stipend” (there is also an email about that), and Tony is right about not having to worry about money. Scott is motivated to create the best, most detailed security analysis possible.
He can keep things semi-platonic. He can’t screw this up; the last thing he wants to do is push Steve and make him feel like he can’t trust Tony to respect what he wants. Honestly, he’s a little floored that Steve let them make out on the sofa. And now they are both in his bedroom and they’re going to share his bed and he’s what? Expected to keep his hands to himself?
Sam and the others gather around him, assuring him that he should do whatever he thinks is right. He’s pretty surprised they’re taking it so well, until someone, Lang maybe, says:
Steve is glad Tony’s eyes are still covered where he’s laying on the bed so that he can’t see how Tony’s little monologue has utterly destroyed him. He’s instantly hard. His brain is on fire from the scenario Tony has laid out.
Steve spends the entire car ride with his face pressed up against the window. He was too worried about Tony to notice much of Japan, but Hawaii as far as he can tell is the most beautiful place on Earth (though for his money Brooklyn in the spring is probably a close second).
“Yes, oh… so if you’d rather, I can clean your ass. Dip my soapy fingers down to tease your tight hole. Open you up. Maybe if you beg just right, I’ll take your hole with my mouth, plunder you with my hot tongue. That's called rimming by the way if you didn't know...”
Not that he was complaining; it’s more than he ever thought he’d have, but like anything else he wants, once he's had a taste it suddenly isn't enough.
Still planning a chapter from Steve's POV about what happens while Tony is in the shower.
“Hey," says Tony,
As with the other chapters, this part is set post Chapter 110: Time away from the world
He wants to yell at Steve. He wants to tell him that no matter how many interesting things she has to say about the Guggenheim Abu Dhabi Art Series, he bets she doesn’t know about Steve’s tallow lamp scar, or the chocolates Steve and Bucky got sick on. She hasn’t seen him in battle, or working so hard to build himself a new family every damn day. Sure, maybe she’s seen him kidding around with Thor some Sunday morning at breakfast with his hair all messy, laughing… but she didn’t see what it’s taken to get there from hitting bags ten hours a day, thinking about the fact that every single person he once cared about is gone.
The house and deck cast a decent amount of shade, and then there’s about twenty yards of bright white sand beach out to the ocean. All the umbrellas, paddle boards, surf boards, snorkeling gear etc. are in containers under the deck, along with a massive hot tub (hot tubs, fun in warm and cool weather!). Maybe if he gets a couple surf boards set up before Steve gets here he can distract him from the serious “Tony you need to be more responsible” talk he sees coming. He takes out a pair of flip-flops from bin marked “clothing” and begins dragging a huge umbrella out toward the water. He only gets about fifteen feet before he decides this is the best spot to set up camp. The heat of the sunbaked sand is bleeding through his designer flip-flips (also, right, car accident… dragging beach umbrellas more painful than carrying luggage).
okay?" he asks. "I hurt you so badly Tony… physically and... you said, you said you had a concussion, and the shield hurt your ribs?” Steve nuzzles into his chest apologetically.
“Huh, okay keep me posted Fri.” Tony turns to the kid. “Here’s the thing, Steve and I aren’t ready for prime time yet, so sure, tell Ned and get your $20, but keep it need-to-know alright?”
Bruce also looks relieved, but still wary. “So you haven’t revived extremis, and you’re not trying to, I don’t know, replicate anything like the super-soldier serum?”
The next week he meets up with one Reed Richards, who claims to be an expert on the multiverse. Because, well, it never hurts to just look into things… just to see.
“Because! He’s my best friend and I just told
He turns out the light and returns to the group, who have taken to asking LASS-E to do random acts to see what Tony has programed (or what she can learn? Steve isn’t really sure how AI’s work).
Steve silently pleads with Tony.
“Steve, you’re so beautiful” Tony says, and Steve almost laughs, because Tony’s head is still bowed, and he is definitely talking to Steve’s errection. The laughter dies immediately though, when Steve hears what Tony says next.
Steve feels like leaping up in agitation, but Tony is on his lap so he stays put. Doesn’t matter?
He’s looked over everything and is about to leave when Tony enters, followed by Steve.
Claw71 requested more bottom Steve, so here we are. It turned into possibly the toppiest bottom ever, but oh well haha.
Next chapter things are about to get way more smutty.
Rocket coughs, his eyes slightly wet. “Well, I don’t see how anyone can say no to that.”
“You shouldn't hide behind sunglasses for this” he said, tucking one arm of the glasses into Tony’s collar so they rested against his chest. And Steve’s hand rested there on his chest for half a moment, and he was smiling and he was happy, and Jesus it was all Tony could do to not yell in his face “You are boyfriend material! You are the boyfriendiest!”
He looks up and sees Thor suddenly in front of him, looking somehow older, wiser.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes Steve, yesss.”
Pepper finds out Tony is sleeping with Steve in basically the worst way possible.
Steve nodes and calls the play.
After the snap Quill left for a number of weeks to reconnect with his uncle and the family members he left behind on Earth as a kid. Drax and Mantis have been wrapped up most days eating earth snacks and watching a variety of Terran movies and TV shows (Drax – “I do not believe those “
“How did you make
For the first time in weeks he feels useful, conducting a variety of tests and experiments on his samples to ensure everyone is safe.
need it.
Tony groans and it’s not a groan of pleasure. Steve pauses. He doesn’t want to push Tony if it’s something he really doesn’t want to talk about, but, he did tell Steve.
Tony can’t help the strangled noise that rips from him. He knows Steve isn’t going to try to penetrate him from just a thorough rimming, but he can feel him there, the hot head of his erection, just a ghost of a presence. What?
Steve snuggles back into Tony and grabs one of his hands to play with while he thinks. He doesn’t even know where to begin.
Tony interrupts, “Pep, I’m going to stop you right there.” This time Tony has had some time to gather his thoughts; he's ready. He's not sure if Pepper is ready to
Tony is completely blissed out and speaks without thinking “Fucking Christ, I love you, this is why I want to marry you…”
Sam>> Wow man, can’t wait to hear about it. Clint and Scott will be relieved too. Pretty sure being away from their kids is getting to them, heard the other day Scott mention he would consider a plea deal if he could get house arrest or something…
“You don’t even
like Scott).
“Tony, say something.”
He slides the second finger in roughly, on the edge of too much too fast.
is an appropriate time for questions??”
Steve drops to his knees, and pulls at Tony’s pants so roughly they rip open.
Tony leads the way inside and turns, making a flourishing movement with his arms illustrating the bed in all its glory, and starts rambling on about the details of the construction and how they used this rare material and that. It really is something. It’s huge, and looks so comfortable Steve actually forgets to feel conflicted for a moment because he’s so excited to lay down and see how it feels.
This calls for a shower. Tony loves shower sex. In fact, he loves showers in general. When he can afford the time he takes long ones, like epically long. Back in his party-boy 20s, he’d actually gotten a bit of a reputation for his shower orgies. Tony never cared for that term, is 4-5 people an orgy, really? It’s not like his shower is the size of a racquetball court or anything, 6 is really the maximum capacity. That’s just… an intimate group of people having a good time.
He’s thought about going all the way with Becky, and when she stayed over before he left he was almost to the point of telling her they should… but everything with Tony was happening, and honestly he was feeling unsure before that because, well because he doesn’t want to have sex with someone he isn’t fully committed to. He doesn’t want it to be an easy decision he just falls into.
Steve takes a moment to let those words sink in and continues. “And as for this” he motions to himself kneeling, “and this” he motions between himself and Tony, “are you telling me that it never occurred to you that part of the reason we used to butt heads so often is the ocean of sexual tension between us?”
this hot, stunned silence would probably be his genuine reaction.
The nano-comms devices they were all equipped with upon moving in were supposed to be for Avengers business only, but Tony doesn’t know if Steve has his phone, and he’s not going to let this chance slip by.
Steve steps up to scratch behind her ears, and smiles at Tony, saying: “She’s great.”
He goes on before Steve can answer. “Really think about it, because you
Captain America!?”
His train of thought is broken as the hiss of the lab doors sounds. He should have known Steve would come busting into the lab. He enters, well, like a man on a mission. He hasn’t even bothered to change out of his uniform.
He picks up one of the fancy forks to have something to do with his hands. “I know, okay? I know how insane this seems from the outside. Hell, it is from the inside too. And yes, I plan to talk to Rhodey. We actually just decided we are telling him and the rest of the team soon.”
“Shh,” Steve says as he traces the perimeter of Tony’s hole with his cockhead, rubing it around and around. “That’s right Tony, it’s just me and you... I’m opening you up with my precum... because you are mine. Marking you... This part of you is mine, no one else’s.”
“I – fuck Tony wait. I mean… you’re not. You’re not hard.”
He takes a deep breath, “Friday, record and observe but don’t chime in or interfere. If I need assistance or want a blackout, the usual voice commands are active.”
Steve gasps and feels a hot spurt of precome run down his erection. Holy shit.
Tony Stark.
They’re in Bruce’s lab, and he is sitting on the stools they always sit on. When he comes down here for any extended amount of time it’s because Bruce is actually taking a break and they can joke around, or he’s working on something so complicated they can really get down to it, just like he’d hoped they would when they first met on the helicarrier… it’s comforting.
He pauses before squeezing Steve to him and whispering in his ear, “Did you catch that Scott thought we were hot together?”
bisecting my chest was the breaking point. Everything. Is. Fucked.”
Tony can only nod, jesus.
“There you go, just press right there, that’s it…”
Steve’s cheeks go pink and he pulls away a bit more. “Oh, umm, no that’s not-“
He turns to Thor who is looking quite pleased with what looks like a severely mangled arm, complete with exposed bone and spurting blood.
Steve gently kisses Tony awake. He can’t believe this will be the last time he gets to do that… not the last time, but the last for some indeterminant amount of time.
Tony notices and moves his hand along his length to spread the wetness around. “Mmm, yeah that’s right Steve, you're so hard again already, look at you. No matter what you chose, I'll make it so good for you.”
Steve hits him gently on the shoulder and gives him another reassuring smile.
Steve surpresses a sigh and follows him up the staircase. If Bruce is able to figure this out and ensure Tony is safe, Steve will buy Tony a mountain of burgers.
So Tony sets out to show Steve just how wrong he is. This dog is going to be the height of dog-to-human companionship. This dog is going to do tricks, learn how each person prefers to interact with a learning doggy AI, and will bring Avengers-themed slippers to anyone not wearing shoes.
Tony (who is already visibly aroused) smiles and says “That’s good to hear.”
“Er, right, so the idea will be that I can fly back to California a couple of times a month, and just like, be on-call out there if you guys need me? I can get back to New York in 10-12 hours probably from whenever you contact me. I have that snazzy nano-comm…”
Steve can’t think. He wanted this; he wanted to know how Tony felt. And now he does and he is totally unprepared for it. He wants to interrupt Tony and tell him that he can’t seem to let things slide when it comes to him. He can’t focus; he
Tony wraps his arm around Steve, looking thoughtful. “You know, I’m beginning to wonder…”
because it’s super distracting and there is still a lot to figure out.
“I saw you go flying… didn’t see where you landed. How you landed.”
He finishes cleaning Steve’s legs and considers Steve’s angry cock bobbing above him. “I think we’ve come to a fork in the road Steve. I have a couple of options for you.”
Tony waves him off. “I’m
“All clear Boss, do you want to gather a hair sample for further drug or DNA analysis?”
Sam>> Hey I’ve been worried ... Whoa that’s great! FYI I didn’t tell the team where you went. I know you said it was up to me, but I think all of this is gonna be better coming from you.
And how could I not include that bit about Steve being an island in a river?! Seriously, go read '1796 Broadway'!
“I’m going to touch you” this time stronger, more direct. More like Steve right on the cusp of Captain America.
Sigh.
what gives me pleasure. Making you feel good is ultimately pretty selfish because it’s what I want more than anything.”
Pepper lets out a small noise. “Are you even… god Tony I didn’t even think you… with men. I know there were those rumors when you were younger, but you’ve never talked about, never in all the time I’ve known you … I’m just… and Steve?” she looks so lost.
So maybe this is something he can give Tony; maybe right now Steve needs to hear that Tony is a ‘Yes.’
“Cheeseburgers”
Steve raises an eyebrow as Tony puts on his weekend-causal cloths and leaves the suite. Unsure what to do next, he picks up the package on the bed. Tony said it would have everything he needs.
Which is really… well it indicates that Steve is very… confused.
“What do
Tony wants Steve to see him and feel regret, or envy, or some burning emotion he can’t articulate. He wants Steve to see him looking healthy and whole, the opposite of broken and bleeding with a shield jammed in his chest.
This fic and others to follow is an off-shoot of the AMAZING epistolary fic “1796 Broadway,” where ‘Captain America respectfully requests that all complaints be addressed to him in writing.’ I really admire what the authors are doing, and the slow build they are creating is so so lovely… that said, my brain won’t shut up after each post with “what now???” so this is an answer to that.
Tony is breathing hard now, hands on both of Steve’s shoulders. Steve isn’t much better, he's catching his breath in a way he hasn’t needed to in he doesn't know how long. Physical activity doesn’t usually wind him, but this…
Superheroes In Love
Steve would laugh if he wasn’t so focused. He smirks instead.
Wanda gets up to begin clearing their plates, pausing to quickly kiss Tony on the cheek as she walks by. This seems to jar Tony out of his thoughts and he turns to Steve.
He looks fucking spent. His legs are splayed out in random directions, his chest is heaving. His eyes are closed tight, like he can’t even stand the stimulus of sight right now.
Last chapter will be up soon. Thank you to everyone who has read/kudos'd/commented!
he had no idea.
He steels himself and prepares to call Tony’s best friend. Of course there’s a more obvious reason for him to be dreading this conversation. He hasn’t spent much time with Rhodey, and Steve hasn’t forgotten that his conflict with Tony inadvertently paralyzed him. God, should he bring that up?
be breaking all the rules he set out for tonight and he’s already broken so many. Tony’s so good at that, making him break rules that would otherwise be as strong as steel.
Bruce rubs his fingers at the corners of his eyes, slightly dislodging his glasses. “Honestly I did notice some changes in Tony when I first saw him. In a lot of ways he looks better than he did the last time I saw him, which was what, over two years ago?”
Steve just stands there, finally nodding, with a quiet “Okay Tony.”
Steve nods slowly, not really sure where this is going. It doesn’t sound like Tony is letting him down easy...
Next up, Thor (and Rocket)!
Tony slides his hands along Steve’s jaw, his mouth pulled up to one side and responds, “Me too. Whatever it takes, right?”
So, I didn't mean to pull a Return of the King, but every time I got to a stopping place, there was more I wanted to add! I think I originally planned to end it right after Thanos is defeated.
“Don’t worry, it’s still soap and perfectly hygienic. All my soaps are edible, it helps to keep thigs lick-able in the shower I find.”
“Ask away, doc” says Tony.
Steve and Tony both stop to stare. This isn’t like any bark she’s made before.
He’s so lost in his own thoughts that by the time he looks up, Tony has the vid-screen up and is calling Rhodes. God, he didn’t even hear what Tony said to him about being on camera or not. Where should he stand?
Pepper invites Steve and Tony over to her mid-town apartment for dinner. Which is a bit weird; it’s not that they never get together, but usually they end up eating somewhere new in the city because Pepper doesn’t care for cooking.
Steve has his hands on his hips and he’s shaking his head. “Seriously, does
Steve’s voice is thick with emotion “I should have listened. I was too stubborn, so concerned with not moving an inch that I didn’t see if I just met you halfway, we could solve it together. Cut the wire."
Tony gets the burrito, and Pepper knows what she’s talking about. It’s just what he wanted.
Steve chuckles, “Yeah but I’ll probably
Steve always woke up in his own time - Buck said he was just as stubborn asleep as he was awake. After the serum it was the same, he could just conk out and sleep through anything. It drove the Commandos nuts, but when he was needed he always seemed to wake up and jump into action. War has a lot more down-time than people seem to think; there’s a lot of waiting until there isn’t. So even then he’d gotten uninterrupted periods of rest. And if he had dreams, he never remembered them.
This is just a vacation.
"We've gone over everything that went wrong before, and realized almost all of it was just because we’re both stubborn idiots that didn’t communicate well.”
Over the next few months Tony is thankful he’s invested in a barrier similar to the one in Wakanda to surround the compound. Drones and even helicopters trying to access the compounds air-space are gently stopped by the forcefield over two miles out. Friday stops notifying him of all the attempts and just adds it to her weekly report for Scott and X-Con.
“Sounds like whoever we tell next is in the kitchen” says Tony.
Jesus fuck if Steve isn’t hitting all his buttons like it’s the most natural thing in the world.
With a new Captain taking over the team, Steve is able to spend as much time with Tony and Morgan as he wants. He is still on-hand to help train or mentor various team members as they come along, especially Peter, who he and Tony try to see at least once a week.
He’s about to get fired, he knows it. And just as he was finishing his report on the compound’s security. It is by far the most detailed thing he’s ever written. There are over a dozen security upgrades he’s recommending. There’s even graphs and pie charts!
“Come on, Cap, don’t be that way.” says Sam. “What were we gonna do, out you? Make you tell us before you were ready?” Sam slaps him on the back as he goes to drop his dishes in the sink.
After he takes a second to recover he realizes he's in trouble. This is going to take some strategy, because apparently getting gently slapped in the face by Tony’s cock is the hottest thing that’s ever happened to him, but he’s not allowed to rub himself off until he’s begged enough to get Tony’s cock in his mouth.
He turns to Rocket who has opened a holo-screen and from what Tony can see, he’s is trying to hack him. “That’s true, nano-tech is pretty useless, unless you’ve solve for the degradation, and implement nanocrystal casings. Which I have. My nanites will outlive us all.”
Steve is so aroused he can’t see straight, but something isn’t sitting right with him. Something...
After his long, cramped flight, and the tension of confronting Tony the shower is absolute heaven. Tony begins to slide the soapy cloth down his neck and shoulders, down to his pecks. He circles each nipple several times, alternating first one, then the other. Steve gasps and some of the loose, relaxed feeling is replaced by a delicious tension. Tony tilts down a bit a sucks at one of the soapy nubs, biting lightly.
Steve comes. Everything whites out for what seems like minutes. He doesn't even feel like he's in his own body. Like there's so much pleasure coursing through him that there isn't any room for anything else... When he comes back to himself, Tony is coming into his mouth, down his throat at first, then pulling back so just the head is enclosed, flooding his mouth and coating his tongue. The last of it spills over onto his lips and chin.
“Okay, that’s an important change. Can you describe that more?” says Bruce, typing away.
There is of course, a niggling thought at the back of his mind that never quite goes away, no matter how beautiful the bird of paradise are, or how fun surfing looks.
Steve nods enthusiastically, feeling the full weight of how much more intense this is than any dream.
Although nobody is fighting Thor, he pleads his case. “Who else, here, has the power of a god? Who else has lost so much? I am alive, because fate wants me alive. If I am to die after 1,500 years, then let it be in the service of my people, my family, my friends.”
Thank you again for reading! I wrote and posted almost 35,000 words in like two weeks, which is the most I've ever written at once in such a short timeframe.
“I just want to be good for you. Tell me what you want.”
“I want to touch you, here.”
After he’s explored every inch of Tony’s chest, Steve takes Tony’s hips in his hands and slowly walks him back to the bed. Not using any force really, just moving into his space until Tony suddenly finds the backs of his legs hitting the bed. He uses the same gentle pressure to lay Tony out on his back. Tony is shocked to feel that his eyes are beginning to sting.
Steve lets go of the hands and eases off Tony a bit so he can settle his weight. At the same time Tony slides up the bed slightly until his hands brush the smooth, teak headboard. He closes each hand into loose fist and presses them up against the wood. It gets at the spirit of what Steve wants (Tony's hands held in place above his head), but allows Tony to ground himself. To have something to press against when things get too intense.
As she cuts a corner piece for him she says, “Scott, you have a crush on Steve and Tony, we get it, it’s fine.”
Tony is almost done with Thor’s upgrade. “Whatever Short-round, you’re not touching the arm.”
Bruce pushes his glasses up his nose and adopts his most professional, science-lecture tone. “Well our basic theory right now is that intercourse is the delivery method. Anal suppositories work because the anal cavity is highly adept at absorbing things directly into the bloodsteam. It’s why something like HIV is transmitted so quickly through anal intercourse. So somehow Tony is absorbing your dna through your semen. Normally that would not be possible, but your semen may be acting more like stem cells than regular sperm cells due to the serum? I’m not sure, we need to run more tests.”
Finally after a week of less than an hour of sleep a night, he can’t even remember why he thought anything was more important than Tony. Or no not Tony, the team… the team staying together.
) in this series is now up.
But then he suddenly turns back toward Steve, like a bright, hot, vicious flame.
“I – yeah, that’s actually part of what I wanted your advice about. You see, I didn’t exactly tell Tony about Becky. Well, okay, I just didn’t. And now he’s found out through Clint and I think I may have really messed things up.”
He knows he needs to go slow. That’s why he didn’t choose anything in the
, get me wet. Fuck your precum into me, onto me, make me take your arousal. Open me up with nothing but your wet dick…”
Steve is about to come himself from watching Tony, so he quickly stands and inserts the head of his cock back into Tony before sliding a hand over the rest of his length and pumping his hot cum into Tony for a third time. It takes several long moments for him to wring the last of his orgasm out, just the head of his cock inserted. He slips out and presses his fingers against Tony’s entrance one more time. He doesn’t insert his fingers, just holds them there, trapping as much of his ejaculate as possible. There's so much it still just seeps out around his fingers.
Finally Tony pulls away, his mouth shiny and tender-looking. He sinks down the small distance from where he's clinging to Steve's neck and shoulders to rest on his knees, mirroring Steve's position. He lays his head against Steve's broad chest and brings his arms loosely around his lower back.
“Oh wait, I think I did see them.” says Steve. “Those are the ones with the little boy that races the pod-ships, and he grows up with be evil, and then loses his limbs on the volcano planet at the end, right?”
