He lifted up the box, looking at it from every angle, forcing a ponderous look on his face, after a minute he said, "is it a towel? You owe me a towel."
Steve’s grin quickly deflated into a grimace. He regretted ever saying anything about the whole nickname thing. Now he was going to be stuck getting called Squidward; a constant reminder that Tony saw him as nothing more than a friend. He typed a response before turning his phone to silent and getting back to work.
“Tony.” Thor turned to Tony. His face portraying all manners of seriousness. “Brother.” This time both his hands went to rest on Tony’s shoulders. His big frame towering over Tony’s smaller one. “I have always thought of you as the brother I always wanted.”
The morning after his untimely bolt, months before, he had arrived at Steve’s door with two coffee’s and a pie. He spent the morning staring at Steve when he wasn’t looking. But not in an “I’m a puppy and you are my master and I love you” kind of a way. It was the same steady, calculating stare he used whenever he was trying to figure out his projects. He didn’t know what to do with the thought from the night before; Steve was just his neighbor, they were barely strengthening their friendship. Tony did like Steve, he knew that much, he just wasn’t sure it was merely a platonic like anymore.
Steve cataloged Tony, observing every tiny detail about the man next to him, the brown lock of hair that curved in towards his forehead while the rest curved up and away. The shadows his long lashes cast on his cheeks. The way his eyes reflected the light of the stars and parking lot lights. How his thin beard so perfectly traced his jawline. His lips left partly open, his adam’s apple sticking out on his stretched neck.
"Okay." Tony's voice said off screen as the video focused on the chair. "Okay, so if your watching this then that means I went through with it and you accepted." Tony's gleeful voice filled Steve's bedroom and Steve found himself being pulled in towards the computer screen.
“Tony?” He asked again, sending him a sideways glance. Tony had his head rested on the window, eyes transfixed on the stars.
... Tony let his mind wander as he looked out the glass window.
“Okay so then no strippers?” Tony asked looking up at Steve. He let out a small laugh at Steve’s facial expression, “it’s usually what happens at bachelor parties.” Steve’s glare of a response brought Tony’s pen down to his notebook, “no strippers.” He said as he added it to their lengthy list of
” song Pinocchio was singing.
It had been about two weeks since Steve had gone to him with pie, and for the last two weeks Steve had definitely not been the only thing occupying Tony's mind, making it impossible for him to focus on any of his projects, or anybody else for that matter. Tony most certainly did not spend his time with Steve micro analyzing every little thing Steve did and said. And Tony, by no means, once so ever, had a ‘is it worth it notebook’ hidden underneath his third desk drawer in which he outlined every possible thing that could go wrong in a relationship with Steve, if he so chose to pursue one, which would therefore jeopardize their friendship. It also did not outline the possibility of Stony, yes Tony had created a couple name for him and Steve, ever becoming a thing.
“Steve how come you’ve never taken me to your special spot? Am I not special enough for you?” Bucky asked as Nat showed him the texts.
Steve numbly nodded, head rapidly filling with thoughts. He pushed his way out of the circle and made his way back to his desk completely lost in thought.
“Okay buddy, just stay right there. It’s not that far from me, I’ll be there in a bit okay.” Steve said as he put in the address into his GPS, guess the damn thing wasn’t a waste of money after all.
“It’s not a da- guys I appreciate your support, but Tony normally comes early so…” Steve said turning to Sam, Jenna taking this opportunity to walk into the apartment.
Steve’s face went red. “Wow. Uh thanks Jemma.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “Actually, I was able to get to meet him in person.”
Tony stared into the steady eyes of the man he loved. “Your right.” He nodded. “And those kids adore you by the way.” He stated matter of factly. He looked back down at their faces on the files. “Your right. We can do this,” his hand clasped his husbands, “together.”
"NO!" Steve said pulling in all his self control and smacking Tony's hand away from the faucet, "I don't think I can. Like I
"Woahoho what is this?" Clint said making his way to Steve's desk, "our golden boy is twenty minutes late to work?" He said shocked as he looked over to Sam.
“It would appear I am hungover,” Tony stated, giving a tight smile to the stranger.
“Yeah, I know.” Tony finally said, then turned back towards the sink and began washing his cup, “I just like seeing you get all flustered and everything,” Steve could just about hear that grin in his voice.
Tapas:
"Okay." Steve let out a shaky breath as he went to undo Tony's belt. He was pretty sure that by now Tony could probably hear his heartbeat.
(it’s kind of like a blog/article site).
He looked back at Tony, all joy and amusement gone from his eyes, replaced by fear and...
"Hey I'm not anybody's. I'm my own man. Now, shoo. I have a lot of important work stuff to do." Steve said grabbing a random folder.
Steve grimaced, "I can't believe Bucky said that."
A few more seconds passed and Steve slowly opened his mouth again.
"I need your article yesterday! Stop chit-chatting with Rogers and go to your desk. NOW!" Fury yelled from his office's door frame. Sam raised his coffee and lowered his head, hoping to indicate that he heard the man and was going to do as told.
Steve was jostled awake by loud metal music, someone screaming something about someone turning to steel and traveling through time.
Please leave a comment if you liked the story, it would mean a lot to me.
s and
As always, thanks for reading and commenting, it means the world to me :*
- This morning, 1:12 am
Steve gulped as he walked over to Tony. He looked down at his own outfit.
“Yeah. I play.” Steve smiled grabbing the rings, then after a second of aiming threw the first ring. With a woosh it landed on one of the center bottles. He repeated this with the next fourteen rings, each one landing perfectly on it’s target.
He could feel Steve staring at him, trying to read his emotions. Damn it, he knew he should have left his sunglasses on, why did he have to take them off when he gave the gift to Steve? Ugh, the gift. Tony should have never mentioned it. Steve obviously didn’t want anything from him. Probably didn’t want to have anything to remember him by, the drunk bastard who took his bed. He quickly shut up the part in his head yelling
“Well you said he was helping you plan
“I don’t know Steve I feel kind of hurt that you baked a pie without me.” Tony joked trying to shake off the new thoughts he was having about his neighbor, okay maybe not new, but they hit him like a tidal wave all of a sudden and he didn’t know what to do with them.
“Don’t think I don’t know what you're doing Tony.” Steve said as he observed the man in front of him.
“Yes Mr. Stark, you are a brilliant man, the smartest man I’ve ever met. Now an address?” Steve was almost at the bottom of his apartment complex.
“No. We didn’t sleep together, Mr. Stark. And don’t worry I’m not a tabloids writer. I wouldn't exploit you like that!”
Steve grabbed his stuff and headed to Sam’s desk.
“Well,”  Bucky said, placing the bags of food on the counter, “turned out to be more difficult to try and order food for everyone without Steve finding out. Had to circle back after dropping him off. Smells good.”
When they went to the adoption lady she looked at Morgan, then at the men. “Morgan is a very sweet bright girl. However, I must tell you that she and two of our other children have gotten very close.” She pointed at Harley and Peter who were now sitting next to Morgan and playing with her. “They met each other in foster care a few years back, when Morgan was still an infant. They did well in that home. It was just the three of them and after a few months, the boys started telling everyone that the three of them were siblings. And now that Morgan can talk, she's been calling them big brothers. They lived there, together, for about two years. They aren’t related by blood, but they are by love. They don’t want to be separated. And if you can find it in your heart, adopting the three of them would change their worlds.”
Tony’s hand went to his mouth, checking for blood. “Language.” He teased, his tongue checking internally. No blood.
“Um….wow” Tony tried to swallow the rising feelings he had worked so hard to bury.
“Where is that from? Russia?” Tony asked.
Love ya'lls and thanks for reading ;)
“Wha-what- what did I do?” Tony asked. This incident had occurred before Tony had developed “feelings” for his neighbor so he was hoping that meant it hadn’t been anything too crippling like yelling “I love you!” or something.
“Oh yeah.” Tony said, really only now remembering about the fact that his friends were coming over in a few hours.
“Ookay. I’m gonna go now. Call me when you get back to your apartment so that I know you made it home safe and were not in a car accident.” Tony said, eye’s not leaving Steve as he climbed out of the car.
"Awwww." Clint started, Sam joining in, "looks like someone's got it bad."
So here they finally got together, or well you know kissed.
“Three?” Tony asked, wanting to make sure Steve was on board and not just following along because of Tony’s visible enthusiasm.
As soon as Steve saw Tony enter the house he let his head fall onto his steering wheel.
a reporter. Well, it’s not the first time I’ve slept with a reporter, though usually, it’s so that they don’t write a story, not after they already have.”
“That’s what you said!” Steve laughed cutting him off. “But yeah, long story short, I was all mopey about her, halfway to getting as drunk as you already were when you knocked on my door. You noticed baking supplies on my kitchen table and moseyed on into my apartment. I told you that she was going to teach me how to bake pies so I could take some to the nursing home by my work. So I had bought all the materials thinking we could practice that day, but yeah we never got around to that...” His mind drifted for a second. “Anyways. You took it on yourself to teach me how to bake pie.”
“No it’s just- I guess I’m so used to you being in my apartment every morning, chatting over breakfast before I go off for work… I mean lately, you’re there even when there aren't any one night stands to hide from. I don’t know it’s just you’ve been there every morning so when you stopped showing up- well I- I got worried that maybe I’d overstepped my boundaries or something.” Steve finished, still staring at the pie.
-xx ThatFanwriter
“Any plans this weekend?” Sam asked Steve as they left work, they there way to a little diner to meet their friends.
“Maybe we can bake a pie for us there,” Bruce suggested. “There obviously won’t be enough here for all of us. I’m hungry. Tony’s got all the ingredients there. Let’s make our own.”
“Okay, God.”
“Hey-” Steve grabbed Tony by the arm as he opened the car door to get out, “just for the record, you aren’t a bad Spongebob. You're trying really hard to be a good Spongebob and I think that’s really all that matters.” Steve said, finally working up the nerve to tell Tony what he had wanted to the night before. He just wanted to let Tony know he wasn’t the selfish guy he thought he was.
No, Steve must have read that wrong. Why would Tony Fucking Stark hate himself? He was one of the best things to have happened to Earth.
"Yeah, they know."
"Tony, what are you doing?" Steve asked setting the glass by the sink. Tony was standing in the bathtub wrestling with his belt to get his pants off, his shirt already thrown haphazardly on the toilet, dipping into the bowl.
Tony turned back around to face Steve, eyes wide in shock, face redder than a bell pepper.
******
“Why don’t you guys eat here?” Jane said blocking the door.
“Are they coming back?” Steve asked.
bachelor party right? I wanna make sure he knows his customer and that he’s meant to let you do most of the work.” Bucky answered grabbing a nearby sketchbook to flip through. Steve lunged at him pulling it, and any other nearby sketchbooks, away. Since that night of nursing Tony he had been drawing him more and more and he no longer knew which sketchbooks were friend and family safe.
“Excuse me Mr. Stark. But would you like me to take a picture of you two?” She asked Tony’s shoes.
"Yeah? What about my notes? Did you get a chance to look at those?" Tony asked getting up and going towards his kitchen, feeling like a midnight, or close enough to midnight, snack.
"The press isn't going to believe our break up if they keep getting shots like those." Tony hissed at her.
"Okay. I'm going to close that door and I need you to carefully take off-WHEN I'M GONE TONY NOT NOW!! Okay after I leave, take off your boxers and wrap a towel around your waist okay? You can sit down here if you want," he said patting the toilet cover, "I'm going to go get you some of my boxers and clothing."
“Look, please take no offense, I’m sure you were great and that we had a fantastic night, and that I enjoyed myself greatl-”
Harley dropped his gaze, biting his cheek.
This chapter talks about something I'm working on. Don't need to read for story, but would greatly appreciate if you did :)
"I was going to give it to you when I gave you your other stuff but-" he moved his head side to side still eyeing Steve anxiously waiting for him to open it.
“No I couldn’t do that.” Tony grunted pulling away from the lady. He turned to say goodbye to everybody when his eyes suddenly caught something. A blonde being led by a waitress to a nearby table. Steve. “Actually Bruce is a smart guy. He can handle taking a cab home. Right big guy.” Tony said turning his attention back to those around him and a very confused Bruce.
“Good! Good, it was good.” Jane smiled. She looked up at her husband who was bubbling with excitement, she nodded the go ahead.
-xx ThatFanwriter
“Rogers? Hey… come in buddy.” Tony stepped aside to let the taller man into his apartment.
Steve asked himself, not knowing whether or not to comment on or acknowledge Tony’s outburst. Tony opened his mouth to say something but was interrupted by the waitress who brought out their appetizers.
Offered Steve silently in his head.
He zeroed in on his bed. It was definitely coming from the sheets. He was about to pounce when the music suddenly stopped.
Thor complied, dropping Steve to the floor as Bucky opened the door and let Tony in.
“I’ll follow you anywhere.”
The knocking on his door started again. Steve looked at himself in his mirror one last time, giving himself an encouraging smile before heading to his door.
“Is that a yes?” Tony asked, pulling away to stare into Steve’s eyes.
bad, he shrugged as he pushed his fingers through his hair. He slowly walked down the remaining steps, trying to catch his breath, can't let Tony think he raced down the stairs like some crazy fan right?
He was laying on a bed that wasn’t his, wearing clothing that wasn't his, staring at a stranger who had a huge dopey grin on his face.
I also upload stories on
“You have to get all fifteen rings on these bottles in middle. Is hard, yes?” The man responded in a heavy accent.
******
“Well you're here with us now Tony.” Natasha said softly as she pressed her hands around Tony’s back in a comforting squeeze.
Tony took a seat on one of his lab's chairs, spinning himself absentmindedly waiting for the other man to talk. When he didn't, Tony spoke up, "So uh sorry for not having given you back your stuff. I'm not busy tomorrow, maybe we can go get something to eat again?"
The rest of the gang filed into the kitchen and set the table. They figured they would be waiting for a while so they made themselves comfortable and settled into conversation.
"Uh," Steve chuckled, "well someone took over my bed the night before so..." Steve grinned as he looked down to see what his hands had been drawing. Of course, it was an outline of Tony stretched out fast asleep on his bed. He quickly stopped his pencil and flipped to a new page, determined to draw something else.
That, of course, backfired.
early bird! I freaked when you didn’t open the door, and I didn’t want her to recognize my voice and come outside so the accent was my best idea, also I may have been a little-okay more than a little- drunk. Well buzzed at best. Well maybe more drunk than buzzed. So yeah. And I mean c’mon we had just finished watching Dead Poets Society-” Tony cut himself off from rambling even more and making himself look like an even bigger dork in front of the laughing Steve.
“No, Mr. Stark. It’s Steve Rogers...we spoke on the phone earlier today? Mr. Stark are you okay, it’s three in the morning.”
“Hey T-am. Wha-what are you guys doing here?” Steve said staring at Sam and Jemma huddled at his door.
The other six were from one Mr. Stark.
Sam twirled her around as he kissed her. Steve took that as his cue to walk away and say hello to the soon to be married couple.
My beloved Steve, will you marry me?”
“So the dolphin show is in ten minutes, we should probably start heading over there.” Tony said as he saw the time on his phone.
He started humming to the dial tone to make the time pass faster while he waited for someone to answer.
“Hi.” He replied squinting at Steve’s high beams. “Are you God?”
"Dialing You know who I am," Jarvis replied. After a few rings Steve heard a groggy hello from the other line.
“Well either way buddy,” Steve’s grin became more serious, “I want you to have it, I trust you.” He said it so earnestly that Tony couldn’t help but scream like a little girl on the inside, because this meant nothing! Steve was just the most generous and kind guy on the entire planet right? It didn’t mean he liked Tony. Just a friendship move. Guys being pals. Then, of course, the way Steve was looking at Tony... it made Tony feel like maybe there was something more to this.
Tony stared at him. “What?” His voice returning to normal. He took a second. “You… do you want to invite someone over to… watch? Participate? I’m so confused. I mean. It’s not something I’ve never done before, or enjoyed, it’s just I didn’t really peg you as someone who would—”
Steve continued gaping at him, “Tony we were on the phone yesterday till around 10 am. Are you- are you saying that you designed and built this in less than a day?” His mouth dropped as he carefully picked up the phone from the box, it was a lot lighter than he thought it would be.
boxers and the
Jane cleared her throat. “Hi. I’m the mother of these babies. This tower over here is my husband. We are the deciders of the babies names. You know. Just in case you didn’t know.” The table smirked.
“Um… they're old…” he tilted his head trying to find the right word, “flames?” Steve settled on.
Tony held out his phone to take a picture of them as they stood by the railing, the dolphins starting to come out behind them. He brought the phone back to check their picture. Steve’s head was cut off. Tony grunted and stretched his phone back out to take another picture, this time actually turning the camera to selfie mode so that they could see themselves. Steve leaned his head down closer to Tony’s so that Tony wouldn’t struggle.
Tony learned that Harley, when out of his shell, was just as big of a smart alec as he was. He loved that about him. Steve loved hearing Peter ramble, he reminded him so much of Tony. And Morgan was the cherry on top, already calling Steve and Tony dad, though... she did say that to a lot of people, even some inanimate objects. Steve and Tony decided to ignore that part.
As soon as the door closed behind Steve Tony collapsed on the bed, thoughts about what was soon coming swirling his head. “Holy shit.” He allowed himself one minute to internally freak out.
“Uh,” Steve pushed aside the strawberry filling to reveal what his fork had hit. A red and gold box. He looked at Tony for answers.
“What kind of a friend?” Steve asked trying to sound nonchalant.
Steve chuckled. “Well, I figured this way I could eliminate any more chances of you waking me up at 3 am yelling, in a German accent, ’
He screamed all this in his head whilst he put on his
upset about since I am his best man. It's already confirmed that I am going, I've told him this a thousand times but Natasha - his fiance, and also a good friend of mine- insists that I don’t go alone, that I bring someone. She's not letting me turn in my RSVP unless it says it’s for two. And without my RSVP in I don’t have a chair for the wedding or the dinner and dance. And since I currently do not have a boyfriend - or girlfriend- I am kind of in a pickle.” Steve finished, at the end no longer having the courage to look Tony in the eye, the worst part was Tony just sitting there, looking at him.
“Oh great you too?”
. Steve closed his eyes and let out a deep exhale, the body next to him suddenly freezing. Steve quickly opened his eyes,
This is set a couple of days after the last chapter but is a heavy flashback filled chapter in which Tony remembers the first time he started developing feelings for Tony and how he forced them to go away, which they had until Steve went and got all 'I miss you, I'll never bake pies without you on him".
"Yes. Did you sleep at all last night?" Steve said, pulling his drawing pad closer to him so his hands could have something to do.
“WAIT! What?” The whole table screamed at him.
“So what are you doing here?” Steve asked, eying the man.
“Yeah well, that talk we had kinda knocked some sense into me you know.” Tony quickly glanced down at Steve. Tony’s hand had fallen asleep about four musical numbers ago, but he was willing to put up with it because Steve looked comfortable. He quickly turned his gaze away when he felt heat rushing to his cheeks, instead trying to focus on the “
“We just wanted to wish you good luck on your date.” Sam said striding into the apartment, ducking under Steve’s arm to do so.
I was hesitant to re-upload the first four chapters because I have had comments from readers (mainly on longer works) saying they love how they’ve seen my writing develop and better over the years. I don’t want to “erase” my fumbles and mistakes. But I also want to help future readers better connect with the story. I’m still keeping my original chapters saved as drafts. Anyways, sorry, my a/n's are getting as long as the story (I wish I had an easier way of talking with you). On with the story!
“I’m going to get a refill on the soda.” He said, his lips practically brushing Steve’s ear. Steve is pretty sure he responded with something resembling a nod because then Tony got up and, jumping over Steve’s feet, walked out, soda in hand.
“Hello.” Tony said a smile forming on his lips as he reciprocated the action.
It had been about two weeks since Steve had gone to him with pie. And for the last two weeks, Steve had definitely not been the only thing occupying Tony’s mind, making it impossible for him to focus on any of his projects, or anybody else for that matter. Tony most certainly did not spend his time with Steve micro-analyzing every little
“Steve we visited literally every single place in that zoo. It’s a big zoo. And the movie starts in fifteen minutes and it’s the last showing. Steve. I’m so sorry.” Tony said.
“I’m just trying to make sure there’s no batter in your hair.” He inspected her hair some more. “It’s a much more reasonable worry than you realize. The amount of batter I’ve had to pull out of my hair. Never know how it gets there. Baking is a lot more hazardous then people realize—”
“No, I do… It’s our thing remember? I was just getting uh- kind of hungry is all” Tony said eyeing Steve.
“Hey man, listen I really appreciate you not going to your newspaper with all this.” He said, voice growing sincere and serious. “Not that many people would do that, keep it to themselves. Especially with my home address. Even if I slept with them they prob-which I know we didn’t,” he added, upon seeing Steve’s cheeks go pink. “Just, really thank you, it means a lot to me, I’m sure that there were a lot of things that happened last night that would have been perfect for a front page story. I...just thanks buddy.” Tony said looking Steve in the eyes, unable to even begin to explain how much all Steve had done for him meant to him.
Good food...” Tony said moving on to the next thing.
“I already had champagne over there and I’m trying to not drink so much anymore.” Tony explained as if that was what had confused Steve. “What are you doing here?”
Hey everyone so my laptop decided to be temperamental and just suddenly stopped working :( So I was without a laptop for awhile but now it's been fixed and all is good again. But yeah, sorry for the long wait. Love you! *blows many kisses*
“Well...we can go out shopping for the ingredients tomorrow and make it this weekend. C’mon it can be like, our thing!” Tony encouraged his friend, which thankfully was what Tony was feeling this was again, the awkwardness and tension had seemed to roll off them by the end of their conversation
“Fine.” Nat smirked and sat back down next to a chuckling Bucky.
"Steve? Are you a zombie? Should I go get Ranger Rick?" Tony said, poking Steve's arm.
(cross-posts from AO3 (with bonus cover art!!!) and original works),
As always, much love. -ThatFanWriter (E.V. Peralez)
“Patrick?” Steve smiled looking down at Tony. It quickly disappeared when he saw Tony’s face.
“What was that?” Steve said, turning to the living room. Now that his eyes were fully accustomed to the darkness he could see all the decorations. Balloons, streamers, and photos taped against the wall. The frame that fell took with it a balloon, then shortly after, ended its life.
“I...gotta do evvrtin round here.” He exasperated, flailing his arms around.
“No. A family meal. I’ve only ever had the pleasure of partaking in a family meal once. When, back in college, my flight home was cancelled so Rhodey invited me to stay with his family. I figured why not? It’s not like there was anything waiting for me back home you know. Yeah, that was the first Christmas I ever helped cooked dinner and sat  down with people that actually cared about me and talked to me during the meal. Best day of my life.”
I have been working on converting this fanfic into an original work (Baking Pies). I am very excited about it!!!
“We didn’t
“Hmmmmappy. Why? That was forever! Hap it's bad” Tony hummed into the phone.
“God!” Tony yelled in a drunken excitement.
No one jumped out. No one screamed.
“No! It’s just- I…” Steve started, not knowing what to say.
I decided to change to location from the Las Vegas strip to the beach, because reasons.
“That was a hundred dollars?” This time Steve reached for the check with more conviction and was able to snatch it from Tony. He looked at the bill with wide eyes, “so that’s why they don’t list the prices.”
“You know, I haven't got drunk like this in a loooooooooooooooooong time. I’m really very good at holding down my liquor! Don’t normally remember what happened the day after. But I can compose myself while drunk. Once gave a speech while drunk—well many speeches. Been told they were pretty good! Today though? It’s like I’m a teenager again.”
“Okay Tony, do you know what would be really selfish? Not telling me where you are. I mean you know, I woke up at three am, got dressed, ran down 8 flights of stairs, and am sitting in my car. And I just really want to go pick you up buddy; but how am I supposed to do that if you won’t share that information with me?”
ago!” Tony asked frustrated with his brain.
"Hi," he smiled wildly as he opened the door, it took him a second to regain his thoughts upon seeing Tony Fucking Stark.
Steve was about to start working on a report when his phone buzzed. Tony.  Steve looked up at Clint and Sam's desks to make sure they weren't spying on him before allowing himself a grin as he read the message.
“Course I know what ne-nay-nu-, the place. Not stupid, you know. I’m brilliant man.” Tony said as he continued to stumble down the street.
"Well once I got you in bed — that sounded wrong, haha- — umm... once you finally settled down, you knocked out, it was pretty easy after that." Steve assured him, his mind going over the events of that night for the tenth thousand time.
“A boy and a girl.” Jane smiled.
*******
“No way you could turn me away Steve, you’d miss these morning talks too much” Tony smirked, “plus it would be hard to keep me out, I mean considering you got me a key and everything.” Tony smiled at the key sitting next to him. He thought it was all very adorkable that the man had gone out and gotten him a key and then had it painted red and gold, Tony’s favorite colors.
"It's cool to be able to see all this Tony -- your process, the way you work... thank you. It means a lot." Steve said as he thumbed through a few more pages. He could hear Tony chewing on something on the other line. The thought of food made his stomach growl. He stared at his takeout box, forgotten in the enchantment of Tony Stark. "What're you eating?" Steve said as he picked up the food and made his way towards his microwave.
“No really I can pay… I- I have the company card.” Steve said feeling a red warmth spreading in his cheeks.
"Yes you are, I'll be right back okay." Steve said, carefully backing out of the bathroom and partially closing the door, he didn't want to close it entirely in case something happened and Tony called out for him.
Hello! Thank you to everyone who read and especially thank you to those who commented and asked for more!! Sorry for the delay, something unexpected came up and I haven't had a chance to write. Anyways, here is Part 3! Also, I updated the past chapters with some minor edits! I recently uploaded this work on a platform called Inkitt. Here’s the link to
“Peggy Carter” Steve corrected though amused by Tony’s version. “Well, she broke up with me that night.”
Steve sat there, listening to Tony talk, watching him work, he loved every single second of it. Once Steve finished watching all the flash drives he grabbed his phone and asked J.A.R.V.I.S,
“STOP. Just...stop. I’m not. I'm not. I’m stupid.” Tony added, whispering, almost at the brink of tears, “You're just saying that stuff cause you have to.”
, I am sure you’ll be glad to know that I was actually thinking about the first time we baked pie together. Well, the first time that I was sober enough to remember…” Tony smirked, and though he was being honest, used the same teasing tone Steve had used.
- This morning 4:03 am
“Are you done?” Steve cut in.
Steve forced himself to look down at his lap when it was his turn to be assaulted by Tony’s perfectly shaped, plump, ass because, that was the ‘gentlemanly’ thing to do. He cursed himself for it.
“Hey.” Steve smiled, “sorry we aren’t at a restaurant.”
“You want me to win you a dolphin?” Steve asked as they rounded the corner and saw a bottle ring toss game. The big prize? A dolphin half his size.
"No, not at all Steve." Tony said into the phone, as he shifted as quietly as he could out of bed, hoping Steve wouldn't hear through his lie.
Hiya, so this is the morning after with flashbacks from the night before. I hope you guys like it and that it's not to confusing :) Thanks again for reading!! ~(^.^)~
“You're a good friend Steve,” Sam threw his arm around Steve's shoulders. “That’s why I’m choosing you as my best man as well.”
“Yeah?” Steve smiled, subconsciously looking down at Tony’s lips.
“Uh. Since a certain friend hasn’t finished all his reports to help me plan Buck’s party...I’m meeting a… a consultant on bachelor party planning.” Steve said keeping his eyes locked straight ahead of him because, though he technically wasn’t lying, he still didn’t feel like meeting Sam’s eyes.
As soon as he undid the belt he looked up at Tony with an accomplished smile, as if he had just disarmed a time bomb. Tony, however, stayed pouting, hands still resolved to hold up his boxers as he looked down towards his pants.
Steve was calm, rational, and always had the best interest of those he cared about at heart. Tony liked that about Steve, he could talk to him for hours and Steve would actually listen, not just nod his head and stare off into nowhere. Steve wanted to know about Tony’s life, about his childhood and what inspired all his projects. He put up with, and challenged, Tony’s brash, stubborn, hot-headed self and was always there when he needed him. He had let him hide in his apartment when he had every right to turn him away and call him a pig. Steve was somewhat of a hero in Tony’s mind, someone he admired, and though he knew he would never be able to be like Steve, he knew he still had a lot to learn from him.
Love you
“Me too.” Nat piped in as she took a seat on the sofa. “I helped bake it.” She reminded the rest of her friends.
“Hey Jane! How’s my science buddy? Huh?” Jemma smiled coyly at Jane.
“Yeah if that were true then you wouldn’t be marrying her.” Steve countered pointing at Nat with the fry in his hand.
Tony gently took the box from Steve and cleaned it with a wet wipe. He opened it, presenting it to Steve. A gold band shining inside.
“Uhh...very…” Tony glanced at Steve’s pecs that were staring him in the face. “Ve-very impressive.” He said looking back up at Steve’s eyes, forcing himself to swallow.
“Well of course they do, I am Tony fucking Stark afterall.” Tony said with a faux posh accent, his smile big and bright on his face.
“Well I’m not
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm confused."
“The genius, billionaire, adorable philanthropist.” Steve said with conviction as he started the car.
“Woah.” Rhodey put his hands in the air. “We all helped decorate this place.”
"OKAY!" Steve yelled shifting his own jeans as he reached to turn off the water. "I- I think that was uhhh, yeah. You don't smell anymore."
"Well
the one who called
"That's ... not his name." Pepper replied. "He's good." She added after a few seconds.
“Good. Listen, I have a favor to ask you. I know usually Hill is the one that covers reviews, but her kid got sick and she took a personal day. We need three review articles by tonight and since you already finished your article and used to work in reviews…” Fury trailed off.
“Fine. What do you want see first?” Tony asked Steve.
I'm rewriting this series as an original work for Tapas and self-publishing reasons. So, I've been rereading this series a lot for inspiration and dialogue and whatnot. Well, today I felt like I owed homage to the gang. I could still pay tribute to this amazing wonderful family. And that's what fanfiction is for, right? To fix it. To help mend your heart a little. To do what you can to give the characters you love some of the life and happiness they deserve.
. But every kiss and every groan that escaped Steve’s mouth muffled the voice until it was barely above a whisper.
“Oh. It’s not as cold as I expected.” Steve said as he stepped into the water. Tony stifled a laugh as he followed him in. They were wearing blue and black wetsuits and were eager to start swimming with the dolphins.
“Okay well I think we should get going.” Steve said after a moment of silence.
“If I don’t use the company card to pay for this, they are going to think I didn’t even come here and that I made up whatever I’ll write in the article.” Steve explained to Tony, tentatively bringing his arm back down.
“Oh, if you look further in the box there are some CDs, a flash drive and a journal. They'll basically help guide you through the phone.” Tony added looking up at Steve, and just like that the awkward stuffy feeling melted and they soon settled into one of their wonderful long talks.
“Well I wanted the cheesecake too.” Steve countered.
"Okay...uhh keep those hands there," Steve said trying to control his shaking hands as they went down to unbutton Tony's jeans. And his legs couldn't take it anymore. The leaning forward into Tony's waist area. They gave way, and he soon found himself crouching in front of the dripping wet bulge.
Tony was tapping his fingers on the table as Pepper explained something to him. He was glaring at her, resentment wanting to burst out of his chest but kept contained by the admiration and respect he had for the woman sitting across from him.
A coffee, a few hours, and three articles later, Steve got up to stretch his legs and made his way to get a drink of water.
off topic. "And- and well that's why chocolate ice cream is my favorite. And I know - I know you are probably just sitting there stifling back waves of laughter" Tony said to the camera, Steve nodded giggling, "but uh," Tony continued talking holding back a smile, "I was a very impressionable young boy so..."
“See I told you everyone else would be here.” Steve heard Thor’s voice boom from the hallway. He turned around in time to see him and Jane join the others.
“What happened in the foster home?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Listen
in my apartment" Steve whispered to himself in amazement as he went through his underwear drawer, picking out his nicest one.
“Patrick?” Steve smiled looking down at Tony, but it quickly disappeared when he saw Tony’s face.
“Now what are you thinking about!?” Steve’s exasperated voice brought Tony out of his trance again.
He looked down at his body... he was already dressed.
"Right sorry." Tony quickly apologized as he put the car in reverse and backed out.
“Yeah.” He sniffled. “She was the brightest star of all. She was smart and witty and capable of doing
"Rogers." Clint said.
“What? H-how? How-How did I, why-why what-what?” Tony felt his throat dry and hard, words struggling to escape.
(See the end of the chapter for
Harley looked at Peter, gaining courage from him. “We’re building a barn for the ponies.” He said, showing Tony some of the built pieces in his hand.
"Tony Fucking Stark is
Tony tore his eyes away from the pie and landed them on the man he loved. His pulse quickened. He tapped his glass with Steve’s. “And to 3,000 more.”
It was as if they were frozen in the moment, peering into each other's souls and hearts, as the world kept spinning on, them completely oblivious to it. A shooting star streaked the sky above them, but neither could care less because they were already looking at something more extraordinary.
“Yeah, I guess I would miss our morning talks, still… I don’t know Tony, the girls. It feels wrong what you’re doing, leaving them to wake up to an empty apartment.”
“Tony, why are you standing in the middle of the road? You could have gotten hit!” Steve was grasping Tony by the shoulders.
“Write something naughty!” Sam offered giddily.
Sam nodded cheerily, “well not yet, I want to let Buck and Nat have their whole thing, then Jemma and I will have ours.”
"No. It sounds like he's Tony's." Clint shrugged.
Steve, in his fright, accidentally bit Tony’s lip a little harder than intended. Summoning another loud noise, this time from Tony. “Shit. Sorry!” Steve moved away from Tony.
Steve’s face went red, he wouldn’t blame Tony if he ran out now.
*******
“What are you?” Tony asked as Steve gently shoved him into a corner, his back to him, arms protectively around his sides. Not at all the reaction Tony had been hoping for. “What are you looking for?”
with the knife. He gently placed the slice on Steve’s plate, grateful the filling didn’t fall out enough to reveal the box hidden inside. He cut his own slice and sat back down.
“I mean golly Steve, you're moving our relationship to the next level, I hadn’t known we were at this stage yet. Should I make the wedding arrangements now or after I move in?” Tony joked weakly, hoping Steve would take the sass and ignore the blushing red cheeks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Jesus Christ Tony, how drunk are you?”
Steve scanned the living room with his peripheral vision. No movement. He had to give props to his friends. He hadn’t realized they could go this long without making a joke or saying something sarcastic. “Good. I invited him up but he said he had to go to work.”
******
“Good.” Steve smiled as he leaned in for a kiss.
“I have a new sketch.” Steve whispered softly after a while.
******
“Was this a promise you made to me at
“You didn’t tell me you were a food critic.” Tony said narrowing his eyes as a smirk formed on his face.
"Stop changing the subject. You know I wasn't talking about that question." Sam rolled his eyes and lightly punched Steve in the arm.
“Afterwards as in last Friday-I’m not coming into work cause I’m fake sick-afterwards? Or as in I had such a great weekend but I’m not going to tell you anything about it? Or the I didn’t get any sleep at all Monday night and for some reason that makes me act all goofy and happy at work? Or was it last night when you said that you didn’t finish getting all the things for your review article till like 1 am, which was weird because you’ve finished those things in four hours max, and you were all goofy today at work and in an even more hippy hurray attitude than usual” Sam finished.
“I like this zoo.” Steve concluded.
Tony could see he was losing him. He pulled on his arm. “Sex now, photos later.”
“That’s good. Ponies need a place to live. Right, Steve?” Tony looked over at his husband, who looked like he was caught off guard.
“There is nothing to explain.” Steve repeated, emphasizing his exasperation. “Tony is a good friend.”
“Okay if you two can step into this room, there are some waivers you have to sign and be given instructions for after the show.” The worker replied signaling them into a room.
Tony turned around to look at Steve. There was a prideful grin on his face that Steve was starting to resent.
Tony stared at him, wide-eyed.
Steve felt his phone buzz in his pocket and he took it out. It was a new message from Tony. He smiled as he filtered out everyone’s voices and concentrated on his phone.
“In your pocket sir. You were simply teasing Mr. Rogers because you li-”
“Um I was, am, making you breakfast” he looked back towards the stove then back at Steve, “you know to say-” he swung his head back to the stove.“Shit!” he yelled pulling his hand away from Steve’s and, ignoring the searing pain, running towards the pan that now had flames spewing from it. Tony quickly turned off the stove, grabbed the pan and put it in the sink, Steve immediately turned on the faucet and they watched the breakfast Tony had worked an hour on be washed away.
"Dude. You are the one making this so much harder on yourself. It doesn't have to be a date. Why can't you just take someone as a friend?"
Tony resolutely shook his head.
“Sure!” Steve said remembering his days in review, though he always enjoyed the places he went to he could never help but feel guilty, it felt like the company was paying him to go out and have fun. “What are the places?”
“If I’m lucky I’ll be done by Buck’s wedding.” Sam said not moving his eyes away from the computer.
“One second!” He yelled, saving his latest changes to his program J.A.R.V.I.S.
Steve was about to respond when he felt Thor poke his ribcage. Steve looked up at the table, they were all staring at him again.
“You brought me pie. Why did you bring me pie?” Tony asked Steve as he sat on his counter.
Tony turned on his side to face Tony as well.
“Well,” Tony shrugged like it was nothing, “I mean I got the idea Friday night after I sent you that first text. I already had most of the schematics and general programming done, mainly in my head, before you even answered the phone, and by the time we had hung up I already had a rough idea of all of the steps I would take to realize the phone. So yeah, when we hung up I finished all that, then actually built it. It wasn’t that hard considering I own a tech company and can get any parts I want whenever I want. It’s-” he shrugged again, dismissively.
can not, I will explode if I do, so let's get you put and dry okay?" He said carefully pulling Tony out of the tub, causing his jeans to droop even lower.
"Hey Steve. Are we still on?" Tony tried to sound nonchalant. He wasn't sure if he managed it.
"I already did the, uh, hard part. You can do this one. You are Tony Fucking Stark after all, right?"
"Do you know what demisexual means?"
Steve knew he was walking into a surprise party. He was confident in that. He wanted to make sure it seemed like the thought had never crossed his mind though.
. He fought back the tears and cleared his voice, forcing himself to make eye contact with Steve,
Steve could feel his cheeks getting warmer, “no. Tony. Tony made it for me.” Sam’s face twisted into one of realization, like he suddenly understood the whole universe. Steve saw Bucky’s eyes widen and Simmons mouth drop, Jemma and Thor borrowed their brows in confusion.
“Yeah?”
“Sol. Marisol.” She answered, her face turning an even redder shade of, well red.
“I thought you were opposed to getting a new phone cause yours worked perfectly fine?” Bucky chimed in, “did yours break?”
Steve stopped walking, bringing Sam to a hurtling stop as well. He unhooked himself from Sam’s arm and turned to face him. “You’re gonna ask Simmons to marry you?”
“Who’s going to pick up the Bartons?” Was asked at one point in the conversation.
date. Well, one we actually call a date. The zoo and movies. Those were kind of like dates.
"Holy Fuck!" He said jumping away from the
“Umm… yeah, it’s in the fridge…” Steve mustered up. He hated fighting with Tony but he knew that sometimes Tony needed to hear these things, and Steve figured it would be best if it was from a friend, something he hoped he had become to Tony in there time spent together.
Steve looked at Tony, checking to see the man’s reaction before he excitedly said yes. Tony nodded encouragingly.
“Coming!” Steve called out to his door from the bedroom. He looked down at his watch, he still had another hour before Tony was suppose to come. Thankfully, unlike last time, Steve predicted Tony’s earliness and had woken up two -- okay three --hours earlier than normal to get ready.
Remember that you are loved!! (Me, I love you and appreciate you and care about you)
Anyways, love you
“What?” He asked Steve when he noticed he was staring at him.
“OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH LOOOKIE!!! That’s the biggest star of all! I want it. Buy it for me Happy?” Tony said clamoring out of Steve’s arm and reaching for the rising sun.
“Yeah. Not so sure if I’d do the cheetah one again though. I thought it was gone eat your arm” Tony said as he fished for his keys in his pocket, making sure that the dolphin tucked under his arm wasn't touching the floor.
“Well it’s about time. Congrats bro.” Steve enveloped Sam in a bear hug. “Do you have the ring?”
Pressing the button he asked, "Hello?"
“What?” Tony let out in a tired sigh.
This takes place continuing Ton'y flashback from the last chapter, right after he got the key and could only respond with "shit."
“Um. Easy. Bucky,” Steve started listing, Tony suppressed his grin as he wrote Bucky down. “Um. Well, me. Thor. Sam. Clint.” Steve said counting with his fingers pausing for Tony to write them down, then with more hesitance, “and you?”
“The surprise party?”
Steve chuckled as he watched his friend retreat to his desk, then he turned back to his computer and turned it on, getting to work.
"I............. I smell bad." He said his hands falling defeated to his side.
"So what are you eating?" Tony was saying as Steve brought the phone back to his ear.
“Rogers residence.” Bucky answered with the best formal voice he could muster.
“Mhm.” Steve smiled sarcastically as he got up and walked towards the front door. On his way out the building he called Bucky to see if he was free. Instead he ended up getting his ear talked off the entire elevator down about finding a date.
“Yes and now I’m trying to end it before my soon to be wife here kills me.” Bucky smiled.
“It means I build things. Fix things.” Tony answered, eyes holding Harleys.
******
He put down his drink and continued laughing at the dumb joke someone had cracked.
“Yeah.” Steve said his face turning red again. He muttered a thanks as the man handed him the dolphin then turned back to Tony.
“Okay but I refuse to sit here alone.” She said with a playful pout before reaching out and pulling Thor in towards the couch, he let himself fall next to her and the two erupted into giggles.
“Buisness thing.” Tony said glancing back at his previous table. Most of the people that were still there had already fallen into new conversation, except the lady he had been sitting next to. She was staring at them. At Steve. Giving him dagger eyes. Tony glanced back at Steve and saw that he too had noticed.
“No, you can still take pictures, here’s the button.” He explained then swam back over to Steve and Lucy. They leaned against her on opposite sides and the worker snapped a couple of pictures of them.
“And I’ve got plenty of clothes you can borrow so you, you wouldn’t have to worry about the same day clothes tomorrow at work, and I’ve got a charger for your phone and I’m sure I have an new toothbrush somewhere that you can have.” Tony hastily added.
Tony almost felt like teasing ‘language’ but he didn’t want to interrupt the story.
Steve let out a small breath of relief. As much as he wanted to see Tony again he did have a deadline to meet and not enough sick days for both this and the wedding. He quickly sent Tony a text back to let him know it was no problem and that maybe they could meet up this weekend. He then carefully reset the phone on his nightstand and got dressed.
"One of your best friends, the other one of which is standing across from you." Sam interjected with a smile.
Steve sat there glued to his chair, like an addict watching flash drive after flash drive as Tony taped himself working in the lab, every once in a while looking at the camera to explain something to Tony or just make conversation.
"Umm...sorry I sir I was-" Steve stopped himself quickly looking for an excuse, "-I was just thinking about my next assignment, the uh-" he shifted in his chair, never one to be good at lying to his superiors, "the interview techniques I-"
"No. A new model. Different from all the other phones out there." He sighed not wanting to get into the details with her.
“They're so beautiful. Everyday man passes beautiful things but never stops to appre-app- look at them.” Tony was almost crying again. Steve just couldn’t take it anymore. He wanted to curl up with the man and vow to destroy whatever had hurt him so much to make him like this.
“Oh—yeah…Pepper…” Tony began to laugh, startling Steve back to reality.
“Don’t need a hill” Tony hiccuped as he began to try to climb onto the hood of the car. “I’m genius. I just made our own hill.” He declared once he was able to scramble on top.
Steve struggled to breathe, mouth open, eyes wide as he stared at Tony, tears already wetting his lashes.
3 messages from
“So this is a date then?” Steve said, or rather meant to say because all he was able to do was open his mouth and let out a “Uhh hehehehe.” Then to the waitress, “Can I get a cold glass of water. Please.”
“We can do that?” Steve asked, though honestly if the zoo let you chill with baby tigers and cheetahs, what couldn’t they do?
Tony berated himself. “You know,” he leaned down and kissed Steve’s jaw, sucking hard before pulling away, “substance for round three.” He winked, smirk adorning his face.
“It’s okay. I’m sure if we run back and tell them what happened they’ll let us in to look for them.” Steve nodded reassuringly.
Steve nodded, lust returning to his face as he picked Tony up and started sucking on his bare chest, carrying him off to his bedroom.
"I'm glad he did." Tony smiled as they resumed their walk. "Does he know you're here, by the way?"
“Tony!” Steve yelled getting out of the car and rushing towards him.
Tears rolled down Steve’s cheeks, he wiped them away as breathless, euphoric, giggles escaped his mouth. He pushed his chair out and kneeled across from Tony, their knees practically kissing. “I was trying really hard not to cut you off with a kiss, I liked what you were saying and I wanted to let you finish.” He gently wiped a tear away from Tony’s cheek before kissing him.
Steve couldn’t help the twitch and tremble that escaped his body. He curled his toes into the rug at his feet. Tony smirked. “Okay,” Steve said, voice a trembly whisper. His cheeks flushed as he turned and headed for the shower. Tony watched with a smile.
“I guess it would make sense if we were the ones to pick them up from the airport.” Nat nodded.
“C’mon, this … so much better. ‘Sides, we’ll make a lot more.” Steve said smiling. “Memories. A lot more memories.” He added after running through the sentence he had just said in his head.
“Washing the dishes.” She replied with a quirked eyebrow.
I saw Endgame a few weeks ago. Cried. Died a little. Then I watched it again. Repeated the process. I can't even begin to express how much the MCU has meant to me. How much the OG gang has meant. The number of hours I have cried since then. It feels, at times, like I really lost some best friends, people I truly care about. Nat and Tony. They deserved so much. Tears are actually starting to form as I type this. So, anyways.
“Yes, and one time is enough,” Jemma teased as she set out the plates.
“Okay then that’s where we'll go.” Tony smiled at him.
, he yelled at himself and looked at his nightstand clock. What the-
"We're still in my parking lot." He quietly exasperated, not because he was at mad Tony for not having moved yet-- though this how Tony took it-- but because if he couldn't even last getting out of the parking lot, how was he going to last a whole meal?
Steve chuckled, “as much as I’d like to rattle Sam up more, I’m good. Thanks though.”
“Hey so is that who you're meeting this weekend? Your uh- bachelor party consultant?” Sam asked as he finished off his burger.
the rest of him screamed.
“Thor let me go.” Steve demanded.
Bucky stopped laughing as he looked into Steve’s puppy eyes. “Well what do you want us to write? Come on this is your chance to say whatever the hell you want then blame it on us later.”
“So I let you in and… you really don’t remember any of this Tony?” Steve’s brows furrowed as he stared at Tony who could only shake his head no while silently wishing he could disappear into the ground.
Tony knocked again.
“Uhh…” Steve said letting out a weak laugh as he buckled his seatbelt. He and Tony had decided that carpooling would be easiest.
“Well, we're already the ones throwing the welcome back party.” Bucky said looking over at Nat.
Steve bit his lips, nodding ravenously.
“Shit.” Tony mumbled to himself, wide-eyed as he watched Steve prepare a plate of pie for him.
Steve purses his lips, before nodding no.  "I was going to tell him though. But then, time got away from me."
“He was a little drunk and I picked him up and he slept at my place, jerk took over my bed and made me sleep on the chair” Steve said nonchalantly, not that he actually slept, more of stayed up the whole night to watch over Tony, make sure he didn’t do something stupid or choke on his own vomit, and since Tony didn’t, Steve used the opportunity to practice his drawing. He looked at everybody’s wide eyes and wished that they would just move onto another subject already.
“We are doing this because we love you.” She whispered.
Tony checked his phone. “Steve is 15 minutes away!” The announcement came out at a higher pitch than he was proud of.
Steve grinned. “You love shower sex.”
As always thank you so much for reading! I really hope you guys enjoyed it :) Comments are always encouraged :D
Hi everyone!
"Is...Is that who you decided I am?" Steve smiled as he set the clothes down next to Tony, he looked up to see Tony smiling triumphantly at him.
Trying to get his muddied brain to think straight he looked around his bathroom, mainly trying to not look at Tony so he could actually think. A towel! Yeah, a towel could work!
“We're builders too!” Peter exclaimed, looking at Harley in excitement. “Show him!”
“And the dessert.” Tony rebuttled.
“Tony.” Nat interrupted the ramble she knew could go on for hours. “This is your big night.” She gave him a smile that reached her eyes. “Not mine.” The smile faded and turned into a threat. “Keep touching my hair, though, and you won’t make it through the night.”
"Okay. Tony stop." Pepper exclaimed reaching out to hold Tony's hand still. A burst of light quickly harassed them and Tony swore as they both quickly pulled their hands away.
Steve looked over at Tony, it looked like he was trying his hardest to not throw up.
“Umm...right Tony it’s nearly four in the morning. The hill isn’t that close, by the time we get there we’ll be watching the sunrise instead of the stars. Why don’t we do it anot-Tony where are you going?” Steve quickly unbuckled his seatbelt and followed Tony out of the car.
If you want to check out the story, bookmark it on tapas! (Link in comments too!)
“Mr. Stark!” He yelled rolling down his window and skidding his car to a stop. Tony was standing smack dab in the middle of the road, he looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
“Doesn’t matter. It’s from you,” stated Steve, all matter of factly, and he saw a little light come back to Tony’s eyes.
Tony's Outfit For Breakfast:
“We are having TWINS!” Thor boomed, extending his arms, Nat's quick reflex's kicked in and she was able to pull herself and Jemma away from Thor's wingspan. The diner broke into clappter and cheers for the soon to be parents and Thor very graciously accepted them.
. Steve suddenly found himself struggling to swallow, and he was pretty sure it wasn't because of the food this time.
“You dated sisters?” Tony asked, his brows raising, then added nonchalantly, “I've done that too. Triplets actually... at the same time.”
“Do they?”
“Y-yes.” Tony was able to sputter out. This was such new territory for him, one that he had only walked on when he is with Steve, he was normally the one making girls squeal and forget how to English, but there Steve was, reversing the roles on him.
"Wha-" Steve asked, his face turning red in record time.
"How was your extended weekend?" Sam smirked as Steve walked into the building. He was leaning by the water cooler, two coffee's in hand, waiting for Steve as he did most mornings. Steve rolled his eyes at the question and continued walking, Sam at his heels.
Steve picked up the fork in front of him, trying to look busy, when his phone started buzzing. He picked it up slowly and looked at the screen, his first text message. He stared at his phone some more, trying to remember what Tony had shown him just moments before.
"Yeah? I'm glad you enjoyed them. Where they helpful...did you get a better grasp on the phone?" Tony asked a smile on his lips, not one of those fake ones he'd been wearing all day, a real genuine happy smile.
"Hmm. Whatever could it be?" Steve teased as he carefully turned the box around in his hand. He could see Tony jumping in his seat from his peripheral vision. He tried to hold in the smile that was creeping on his face.
Should I take out some of the flashback stuff?
“Ah yes. The ambiance.” Tony smirked taking a look around the restaurant. They were in a high rise building. Thirty five floors up with carpeted floors and window walls. There were chandeliers and tall mirrors. It was a nice place. He and Steve were currently sitting in one of the booths. They were soft padded and clothed. He looked at Steve. He was severely under dressed compared to everyone else. Faded blue jeans and a red tee. Tony smiled, he liked it.
be a big deal.”
This wasn’t the first time Tony went through his what he called "silly girl phase" for Steve.
"My girlfriend of five years talks really fast when she's excited, I've gotten pretty good at understanding gibberish. " Sam said with pride.
Steve was spinning in circles, the noise was definitely coming from his bedroom, but where?
“I’m so fucking adorable.” Tony agreed earnestly as he fist pumped the air. It felt like his heart was beating a thousand beats per minute, he felt like a little school girl staring at her idol as he looked over to Steve, completely aware that the smile on his face was toothy and taking up probably more than half his face and would not fade away anytime soon. But that was okay because Steve’s smile reflected his own and it didn’t seem to be fading either.
“Should I open it now?” Steve said, lifting the gift safely from his lap, the dead silence had been a
“Sorry—it’s just—I mean, we already had sex right? So what there left to hide?” Tony said finishing his shake and making his way to put it in the sink.
Steve let his face drop into his hands because
“Do you want prize or not?” The man asked Steve impatiently.
-xx ThatFanwriter
“What?”  Steve stared at him. Confusion increasing by the second.
“How’d they come out?” Steve asked Tony as he walked back to him.
“No. I don't know how to pronounce half of the stuff on the menu. It’s a review article. More on the hospitality of the staff, the cleanliness, the ambiance, the timeliness...you know that kind of stuff.”
, I’m going to need you to start paying more attention to me when we’re together because you have to show me that you’re as invested in this relationship as I am!” Steve smirked trying his best to impersonate a hurt jealous girlfriend.
“Buuck” Steve pleaded again.
“Uh. I’m here to write an article for the company.” Steve said, a blush forming on his cheeks.
“Excuse me.” He heard Tony whisper as he made his way back towards their seats, butt sticking out at people’s faces as he held on to the chairs in the aisle in front of them to keep himself from tripping over people’s things and legs.
Steve tracked Tony’s eyelashes, once again marveling their impossible length. Both men soon found themselves unable to pull their eyes away from the other’s as a comfortable silence enveloped them.
“No no no!” Bucky said extending his hand to Tony. “We are friends of Steve’s, just wanted to stop by and say hello.”
“Steve?” Tony ducked his head in through the door. He half expected to find him on the sofa already awake drawing some new sketch, all the while sporting Tony’s old shirt, just like Tony had found him so many mornings before. He crept his way behind the sofa, hoping he could finally scare the man and maybe even get a glimpse of what Steve was drawing. Steve was usually very sharing of his drawing journals but there was always one or two Tony would catch Steve hide when he walked in.
“It’s stupid. You probably won’t even like it. It was a dumb idea.” Tony’s shoulders slumped as he looked back at the road, continuing to drive when the light turned green.
(See the end of the chapter for
forgotten about his promise to call Tony. He spent the entire afternoon fretting over whether or not to do it, if Tony had just been kidding or not. He didn't want to be a nuisance to the great Tony Stark and call him when it had just been Tony's way of being nice and joking. What if he called him and Tony, already so caught up in the day's events, had already forgotten who Steve was. It was just best to not call and bother him is what Steve told himself.
“Yeah. No I know. I just want to make it special you know.”
I've actually had what I'm uploading finished for months but never got around to finishing it. Decided to just upload it as a cliffhanger since today marks a year since my last upload. *ashamed face*
"Great." Tony smiled grabbing a spoon and the box and settling himself into his couch.
"Uh. I forgot to call you and I was in bed sound asleep by 9:30" Steve lied.
Sam tapped Steve’s back and whispered something that sounded like uncle. Steve quickly let go of him and eagerly awaited the answer.
he cursed himself and his drunken brain.
“Well," Sam said rolling is shoulders to asses for damage from Steve's hug, "I was going to ask Nat if she could be my undercover agent and find out Jemma’s ring size and what ring she wanted. But then of course Nat had to go and get engaged so...”
“There’s this field, well hill, kind of.” Steve said as they drove back to his car. “Uh. It’s a really nice place to watch the stars. Maybe we could go sometime?” Steve said, remembering his promise to drunk Tony to take him there.
“I’m bored. I’m gonna go now. Thanks for the meal. Bye.” He finally ended up saying and immediately began chiding himself, this is why he needed to have people like Pepper, Rhodey or Bruce around. To help him better communicate with people. Machines were more his style, didn’t have to worry about hurting their feelings. He looked around the quiet table and with a curt smile got up and headed for Steve’s table.
"So, what's your excuse for letting the coffee I so graciously bought you go cold again?" Sam eyed down Steve, who was barely settling down into his chair.
“Um-what? No! Buck-” Steve was stumbling over his words, his face a bright shade of pink.
“No the little traitor changed it to Nathaniel!”
“Yeah, let’s have a family breakfast. We can make something together!” Jane said pulling Thor to block the door with her.
Thanks for taking this journey with me! Hope you enjoyed it as much as I did :)
“Um.” Steve said, his eyes darting at the car’s clock 11:58pm, “um” he said again his mind going blank because the offer was unexpected and oh my god how he wanted to say yes but--
"But....that was only water. You have to soap me down." Tony argued reaching to turn on the water again, and if that didn't do things to Steve then he didn't know what did.
“Alright Rogers. Just explain it to me one more time.” Clint said as he watched Tony off in the distance playing peek a boo with Nathaniel while Lila, Clint’s four year old daughter, was trying her best to braid Tony’s locks of hair. Clint smiled in adoration of the way she would inadvertently stick out her little tongue in concentration.
“What?” Tony finally let his eyes settle on Steve’s, they were scanning him up and down.
“Well,” the lady answered, “the couple that had them seemed to be warming to the idea of adopting them, paperwork had been requested. But, the wife got sick. They found a doctor that specializes in what she has, three states away. They decided that it was too much with three kids. So, they moved, and Harley, Peter, and Morgan were left behind. I think it hit Harley the hardest, he’s been more reserved. But I know that with the right people, and love and compassion, he can come out of his shell again.”
“Come on, pick up!” Steve—phone pressed to ear—was almost on the block Tony had told him he was at; it was the eighth time he called Tony. He knew he should have tried to keep Tony on the line, but Tony had begun yelling and he missed a turn. When he told Tony to give him a second so he could double check the GPS Tony got bored with him and hung up.
“Shit. Your not suppose to be awake Steve. Go back to bed!” Tony exclaimed quickly turning the faucet off to wipe his hands and push Steve away. He was so caught up with making sure the breakfast was perfect and that Steve go back to relaxing that he didn’t even realize what he was doing until he felt Steve’s bare chest being pushed by his palms.
Sam eyed his leather jacket. "That new?"
(See the end of the chapter for
xx-ThatFanwriter
(that's me giving you an imaginary air hug... I'm not weird... I promise :} )
“I-I was…” Tony stammered walking swiftly into the apartment, “I have pie.” He said awkwardly lifting up the to go bag in his hand.
"Oh, don't worry about it." Tony waved it off.
Steve picked up some of the files scattered on the desk. “I told you not to take on so many assignments at the same time.” Steve sighed. “So I take it you're not free today?” He held up the company card.
“Right. And when is the play time with a baby?” Steve asked as they started walking.
. Oh god, the
Steve turned the key to his apartment door slowly. He knew Tony was inside. Planning some big surprise for their 3-year anniversary. He knew long well before Bucky had made it obvious.
“Well. I mean it would be a big deal.” Piped up Simmons. “I mean because you know he’s Tony Stark, super genius Tony Stark who invented so much of the technology that I work with and the advancements he made in prosthetics and heart surgery, are essentially the only reason my aunt is still alive. I mean as kid knowing that Tony Stark started doing amazing things at such a young age, building robots, programming, inventing things, ecetera, ecetera, well it motivated me and helped me ignore all the adults and kids who mocked me and said I was too young to do all those things. He graduated MIT at such a young age too and he’s founded so many great programs, he started a scholarship trust and h-”
. "No yeah totally, so the weekend...like you texted me."
A knock on the door stopped short Steve’s reply.
“Yeah. Eventually.” Jane smirked at him as she and Thor grabbed more of his fries.
“Tony.” Nat crossed her arms. “They have me.”
Sam paused his slicing of apples, “weren’t you the one who started this conversation?”
“Tony.” Steve sat up. “Who you are isn’t measured by what you're made of. It’s what’s inside, what you believe, and how you act on those beliefs that counts. And by that yardstick— I doubt anything could diminish you. I already know you're an amazing father. Ten times— no 3,000 times— the man your father ever was. You connected with those kids, right away. Faster than I ever could. You’re doubting your ability to be a father? I’m the one we should be worried about. But… I’m not worried. Because I’ll have you. And you’ll have me. We can do this, together.”
Steve looked back up at his group of friends, his face didn’t feel red anymore. “You guys are making way to big a deal out of my friendship with Tony.”
Steve smirked, turning to the voice in the living room. His heavy curtains were drawn and he could just barely make out a figure in the dark.
"Mhmm" Tony smirked on the other line holding out his tongue to display a perfect knot. He snapped a picture and sent it to Steve. "Who do you think I am?"
“We’re playing tag not hide and seek you cheater!” He yelled out with his hands.
- This morning 5:15 am
Now this story is a Stony story. So while there are many that deserve special tribute and the best world they could possibly live in, they aren't the focus of this story and may not even be mentioned. Know that they are still in my heart and are living happily inside this world, and other worlds that other authors have created for them.
“You deserve to be pampered,” Sam announced.  “Thor come and carry your wife to the couch!”
“While Sam and I finish the dishes.” Jemma smiled as Sam pulled up his sleeves.
“They’re beautiful.” Tony whispered.
“Shit.” Was all that Tony could sputter out before letting out a rumbling groan.
"Me?" Tony looked at Steve. "Good things I hope."
“That’s a cute picture. I love the contrast between his casual clothes,” she said handing the phone back to Tony and pointing at Steve’s t-shirt and jeans, “and your black suit pants and white button down collar shirt.” She laughed then added, “and the cheetah’s just make it even better.
Tony smiled as he slowly peeled himself off Steve.
Steve nodded eyeing the names Tony added to the list, Rhodey and Bruce. Steve relaxed, two well known
This time he jumped on his bed, determined to get to the bottom of the noise. He tangled with the sheets until finally, the source revealed itself. His phone continued vibrating and blasting music as it plopped on the floor.
Let me know what you guys think. The ending of the chapter was hard to write because I just didn't know how to end it, so I literally put the last 10 words off for like a few days, everything else written, except for the last line or two.
“Harley and Peter, they like to build things.”
“The stars look so happy” Tony mused, head leaned against Steve’s shoulders. They had been sitting on the roof of his car for the last twenty minutes. Tony was mainly rambling from one random subject to another, but the last couple of minutes he had fallen silent next to Steve and just stared up into the sky.
~*********~*********~
"What the-" Steve yelled scrambling from his bed, trying to find the source of the noise.
"Okay, welcome to casa Rogers," Steve said as he opened the door to his apartment, Tony leaning heavily against him.
“Stark. We’ve been changing the subject for months” Steve forced himself to continue, “I just… I went along with this,” he said with a little wave of his arm, indicating allowing his neighbor from across the hall in his apartment complex to use his place as a secret hideout, “because I thought it made you happy, and I’d do anything to make you happy… but this isn’t what you want man, it’s just you filling a void.”
“And I decorated this place. I want a slice.” Clint said.
“Oh Stevie? Why yes darling come right up!” Nat gave back in her best british accent, which was scarily good.
“It’s our lucky number.” Steve nodded. “‘Sides. These are good kids.” He scooted closer to Tony on the bed, resting his head on his husband’s shoulder.
He pulled down the zipper as fast as he could without snagging anything behind them. As soon as it was undone the jeans fell straight to the floor.
"Cool...so uh...can you talk or do you have to get back to bed?" Tony asked, hand lingering on the chocolate ice cream box.
secret crush began developing in Tony’s heart.
Tony laughed, “really guys, it was no big deal,” he lied, not bothering in telling them that he had gone through about three dozen trays of burnt lasagnas in the past three days in an attempt to create something edible.
"What? You have a huge dorky grin plastered on your face. You-did you- you find a date for the wedding?" Sam asked, eyes and smile widening in curiosity.
It was about 7 when Steve finally got home from work. Exhausted, he sat himself down in front of his home computer with his take out food and Tony's flash drives. He plopped in the one labeled number one and took a bite of his food.
“Right.” Steve came back to him. “But. We’re gonna mess up all the hard work you put in. We’re gonna ruin the photos.”
It rang three times before Steve finally answered.
"Yeah." Steve smiled. "So if I'm going to take someone to share in this big momentous... moment with me," he paused for emphasis, "I want them to mean something to me, and I want to mean something to them. I feel like this special celebration requires a special someone, not just any old friend. If I take someone, I want to-" he cut himself off and stared into space, trying to sort out his jumbled thoughts, Sam leaning patiently against his desk, "I want to hear Buck and Nat exchange their vows and go through their first dance and probably smash their wedding cake in each other's faces and I want to be able to look at my date and just...have everything feel...perfect and be overwhelmed by this sense of love and happiness- and and I know that I'm going to feel all that regardless of whether or not I bring a date, but you know if I do bring one I want to be able to look across the table and have hope of one day going through all that myself. And call me old fashioned but ..." His voice trailed off as he stared hopelessly at Sam who had a small endeared smile on his face, his eyebrows slightly lifted. Steve was grateful Clint was doing a story in Europe otherwise he would be laughing his ass off at him, thankfully Sam didn't have the same reaction.
Steve was trying to reassure himself as he kept a straight face and listened to whatever Coulson was saying.
-xx ThatFanwriter
“Journalist yeah you told me.” Bruce cut in. “And isn’t
“Yeah that sounds great!” Tony said glancing at Steve, “...when should we go?”
"Yeah I have one in my bag. I'll call him to set up a meeting." Steve stood up and extended his hand. "Thank you very much sir." He said as he firmly shook Fury's hand.
-This morning 3:18 am
“Some fancy restaurant downtown. A comedy movie that came out today, the one with those five guys. And the zoo. Feel free to bring along a friend.” Fury smiled handing him the company card.
“Jarvis where are my keys?” Tony asked as he slid into the seat, inviting Steve to do the same.
"Uh, put the towel around your waist." He instructed when he looked back at Tony, hands still firmly glued to his boxers— which really were so see through they may as well not have been there — and the towel half covering his head and shoulder.
Steve started doing a mental catalog of all of his sketchbooks trying to remember which ones had sketches of Tony’s half naked body on them.
“You-? You don’t?” Steve was gaping at Tony, how could the son of a bitch not remember the first time they actually bonded? Yeah, he was really drunk, but really, nothing?! That night was one of Steve’s fondest memories of their time together so far. And this guy doesn’t even have a clue it happened!?
“Is it really so impossible to think that I can go whole three nights without a one night stand to hide from?” Tony asked, grin morphing into a smirk.
Steve glanced at his wall clock. "No...no, I can talk." He finally said after a moment.
“Well
“Hey, you almost done?” Steve asked leaning on the desk. He was met by tirade of laughter.
“I leave them a note!” Tony defended, which of course only earned an eye roll from Steve.
“Such a gentleman.” Tony smirked as he slid into the shotgun seat.
At least that's what Tony kept reminding himself.
"Owww" Tony whined as he got out, "it hurts. Get this device trap off me!" Tony yelled pointing to the belt that was so desperately trying to hold everything around Tony's waist up.
Hello all. Here's DA NEXT CHAPTER! LOVE YA
"Yeah, the gibberish was a no for me, but I read lips and can understand them no matter how fast they are going." Clint grinned.
Nope. They legit bake pies. Rather badly at first, but then they get better at it. But maybe it can be seen as a metaphor to something else... but that won't happen for a bit! Or will it? Or won't it? Intrigue. Suspense. Subscribe!
on the caller ID. Just as Steve was about to flip open his phone to answer, it went dead again. His screen now read
(See the end of the chapter for
“You gonna shower with me?”
“Oh that reminds me! Did you get the job?” Jane said as she took a sip from Steve’s soda.
Also, in case your intrested, I recently added an Epilogue to my Stony story I have Pie... Please check it out if your intrested!
“And the fact that you made it yourself…” Clint added when it was his turn to hug Tony goodbye. The rest of the group muttered along another series of
"Why don't you just ask one of th-" Sam began to offer.
“You remember everything?” Steve asked in no more than a whisper.
“Cheetahs are the friendliest of the big cats.” The zookeeper explained to Steve and Tony. “So, remembering the training I just gave you, come up and pet them.”
Steve smiled at them from behind the kitchen counter, admiring their love.
“Why are you standing in the dark?” Steve asked. He credited Tony as a much better ‘pretender’ than himself, but he was pleased with how genuinely confused his voice sounded.
"Uh..wel-um..." Steve fell back on his bed, glancing towards his clock again. "I have work tomorrow morning and I can't miss it again."
“Yup.” Steve said staring at Tony’s hand clasped on his forearm.
“Jarvis. Open the car.” Tony said smiling at a bewildered Steve as the doors slid open and he plopped his big stuffed animal dolphin in the back seat.
“The fact that you came up with a couple name for us, before we even started dating, cutest thing ever.” Steve grabbed Tony’s neck and pulled him in for a kiss. He stopped at Tony’s ear to whisper, “Round 3 tonight, it’s going to turn into 3000 by the way.”
"Is that a yes? A no? What is it man? You wanna kiss me? Is that it? Answer the question," Sam said crossing his arms -- as best he could with the two coffees -- expectantly.
“Best night of my life.” Tony said with a grin as he remembered. Then he gazed into Steve’s eyes. “I intend to make this the best night of yours.”
“Hey Steve. I mean if you want to bring Tony to the wedding that’s cool. And if not then that’s cool too.” Sam heard Bucky say. He felt Bucky hand clasp his shoulder. “Whatever you want to do, I’m with you ‘till the end of the line. Nothing’s going to change that okay. I'm your best friend-” Bucky stopped at Sam’s throat clearing, “I'm
come the hardest part, dressing Tony.
- This morning 4:45 am
"Boy quit lying. Something's on your mind and I think I know what."
“Tony, what were you doing?” Steve looked up arching his brows.
Yeah and so is my face probably, thought Tony as Steve carefully grabbed Tony’s hand from his chest to inspect it.
“Mr. Stark where are you? Are you in trouble, should I call someone, who's Hap?” Steve, on the other side of the line, was already stumbling out of bed towards his closet.
“And your naming the girl Jemma, right?” Jemma smiled.
-xx ThatFanWriter
“Yup.” Steve simply responded before taking another sip of his water.
“Thank you Marisol.” Tony said as he walked back over to her.
He quickly walked up to the circle as casually as he could and in the most nonchalant voice he could muster asked what was going on.
“Oh good, so you are aware that my title isn’t your therapist. I was worried. Considering how many times you’ve sat me on this sofa and you laid down there.” Bruce bantered.
"Your work transfer." Fury said as he straightened up, causing Steve in return to straighten up. "Am I right?" He asked Steve and was answered with a tentative nod. "Here's the thing, you're one of my best reporters...but I also know what a great artist you are....so here's the deal. You continue working the journalism side of the company this quarter. I've talked to Coulson, and you can also head your own comic strip, alongside writing all your articles. Next quarter I'll see about placing you in the arts 'n graphics department."
As always, the man looked perfect, even when he had been throwing up in Steve's bathroom, face contorted in pain, he was still the most precious thing Steve had ever seen, brown locks of hair making their way to those amazing-
He breathing hitched, pulse quickened.
Ten minutes later found them both showered (or at the very least rinsed off with a quick rub of soap) and dressed in the kitchen. Tony was back in the outfit his friends had seen him in earlier. Like Tony, Steve’s shirt had also belonged to his partner. He was wearing Tony’s old lucky shirt. The one he had gifted him all those years ago on his birthday.
(texting stories, kind of excited to write some quick stories here, possibly even canon one shots paired to my fanfiction writing),
He looked at the bedside clock. His friends had been waiting long enough. “But I’m hungry. I need some food in me before I can—” he tensed his jaw and gave Steve’s body a slow and devouring once over. He cocked his head, biting his lip before winking at Steve— “you know.”
“Tony your hand is red.”
Steve nodded, feeling awkward for seeming to have kept this a secret. Before he could say something else though, Tony spoke up.
“Tony…” Steve started with a sigh, “You didn’t--”
“Me too.” Tony smiled as they made their way towards the entrance for the dolphin show.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony had explained, to dial Tony.
"The snake and the circle too."
Comments and kudos keep me writing, so if you are enjoying this story please take some time for those!!
It reminded him of when Tony was reaching up for the sun so desperately happy and hopeful that he just might catch that big star.
He looked back up at his smirking group of friends and rolled his eyes. Jane grabbed another one of his fries.
“I have no idea what you are talking about.” Tony said feigning innocence.
“Now give Lucy a kiss.” The trainer told Steve, who placed a kiss on the dolphin. And Tony, never in his life, would have imagined the could get so jealous of a dolphin.
Sam squeezed his eyes shut for a second then turned to face his boss.
“Tony?” He put the bat down as he took in the sight of his friend, hand underneath the running tap water.
Instead though Tony maintained the firm handshake and nodded in determination, as if the world’s most precious gem had just been handed to him and he was resulte in convincing the general that he would protect it with his life because he would.
He opened the door slowly. Trying to give the guests time to find their hiding spots. He practiced his surprised face.
“Stony! Stony! Stony!” The group of friends cheered as Steve and Tony popped their champagne bottle.
“We wanna meet him.” Nat replied innocently. Sam and Bucky though were not quite as convincing in hiding their smirks.
“Thor put me down, put me down.” Steve said as he saw Bucky reach for the door.
he was merely focusing on the shirt logo
"What?" Clint said jaw dropping, "I need to leave the country more often."
“I still can’t believe you watched them all in one sitting.” Tony smiled in disbelief as he leaned into Steve.
“No Nat, stop. I’m not bringing him to the wedding okay.” Steve said reaching across the table and pulling the pen from her hand.
“Yeah.” Tony whimpered back, equally wrecked as Steve. He moved back in for another kiss. “Pie can wait,” Tony said in between kisses, “this sure as hell fucking can’t,”
“Wow, and now you guys are spending the whole day together tomorrow and, aww, stargazing!” Nat said from her place next to Bucky. Steve looked at her wide eyed, then at his hands, empty, then back at her. She was holding Steve’s phone up coyly in her hands.
towel, he couldn't look at
Hiiiii!!! Sorry for such the long wait (Iv'e been traveling) anyways, here's the next part, later on the same day as last chapter, hope you like it.
"Stay there. I'm going to get you a glass of water okay." Steve said as he stepped over Tony's strewn out body on floor and toilet.
https://tapas.io/episode/1332519
“Can you take a photo of us?” Tony asked one of the workers at one point as he strapped his phone off the wetsuit and handed it to her.
“I would love to go with you!” Tony said smiling brightly at him.
"Bathe me?" Tony asked looking hopefully up at Steve, quickly pulling his attention away from the ruined shirt.
“Yes.”
"I'm fine." He lied, forcing his smile even wider, a
"So uhh, is it just me or are you starving too?" Tony said, something flickering in his eyes... lust? No, Steve laughed at himself for thinking that. He looked back at Tony to try and read his eyes but they were soon covered by the dark film of sunglasses.
“Unlike the two assassins there...I’m a lot nicer. But, as you can guess, we all care a lot about Steve, so if you do hurt him, which for your own safety you shouldn’t, know that I will assist in the capturing of you for them two.” Sam said with a amicable smile as he shook Tony’s hand and patted his shoulder.
"I-- you look--sorry I'm late."
"Bathe me! Get these off!" Tony ordered pointing at his pants then twisting around to turn on the water.
“How do you get the big prize?” Steve was asking the worker as Tony caught up to him.
"Okay but here," he said carefully reaching for Tony's waist, ignoring how hard his heart was thumping as he placed his hands on Tony's waist, they were half holding on to his boxers and half feeling Tony's amazing wet toned skin underneath them.
"He was my best friend...well, aside from Jarvis. Though I guess neither of them really count..." Tony said turning his head back down to face the almost complete phone. "Anyways, I only kept him for like a week or two... my parents didn't like him, made me give him up." He seemed to be more lost in memory than concentrated on whatever he was staring at.
Tony just stared at him for a few moments, silently thanking his drunken bastard self for dialing the wrong the number.
"Yeah yeah yeah" Steve quickly said as he ushered in the drunk Tony into his tiny bathroom and to his toilet.
“This is Lucy.” The trainer said bringing out the first dolphin. Steve and Tony were able to pet her and, using the knowledge they learned, make her do tricks.
(original work only, but features more reader/writer interaction/thanking), and
The morning after the ‘present’ Tony tentatively opened Steve’s door with his new key, pushing it open a crack. He hovered at the entrance, this was such new territory for him. Should he just prance right in? Should he just close the door back up and knock, pretend he forgot he had a key? Should he knock on the already open door just to warn Steve he was going to enter?
“This has been great. But I just remembered I have a experiment to finish and it’s time sensitive.” Bruce stated getting up from his chair.
“Uh Thursday night. I-sort a- nursed him back to health...” Steve answered, and yup, he’s pretty sure that at this point you could boil water on his cheeks.
“Uhhh…” Steve said thrown off.
, he yelled at himself. He tried focusing on the chirp from the ladybug,
“You should totally come!” She said smiling. The rest of the group nodded enthusiastically.
“Why are you staring Tony?” Steve asked looking up, a smirk on his face.
“Here.” Tony said pulling Steve towards him as they waited for the dolphin show to start. They were in the first row and were wearing yellow ponchos.
Steve’s eyes flickered back and forth between Bucky’s and Sam’s each staring at him expectantly, demanding his answer.
“You’re a mechanic right?” The lady asked Tony.
Sam went to open it, greeting his boyfriend with a kiss on the lips before helping him with the bags.
All Tony had been able to say after opening the American flag-themed box and finding the key was…
“Right.” Tony gave a small nod and flickering smile.
been staring at his crotch, Steve's head had just lowered a little, yeah that was it, he had been staring off into nowhere, before he had refocused on Tony's face, only to then completely zone out and sit back in his chair staring at the windshield with complete and utter determination.
Now, months later, he was used to the ZERO personal space they gave each other. He liked the tiny couch and how it forced the two of them to more or less “cuddle.” Though he would never admit this to anyone, even himself. Tony glanced over at Steve, now staring intently at Pinocchio. Tony remembered this feeling, it was exactly how he'd felt a few months before, when a tiny
Ahhh hey guys, I know it's been a very long time since I've uploaded. Sorry about that. I know it keeps happening. Woops. Anyways here's a new short chapter. I'm getting back into the habit of writing and will bring you a longer one soon :D Thanks for reading and putting up with me! :*
“...Pie?”
Steve grinned, nodding a thanks.
He had been in bed and asleep by 9:30, he had had a long day and had barely gotten any sleep the night before babysitting Tony. He, however, had
(See the end of the chapter for
"We were talking about you!" Steve added, not wanting to be misunderstood.
“No, that’s not why I bring pie-” he cut himself off before he could say something along the lines of, ‘I bring pie whenever you make me like you again and I’m confused about it.’
Tony started looking around. He spotted him. "I see you. To your left." He began waving at Steve
“Shit. I love you so much Rogers” He whispered, deepening the kiss.
“No you're right,” Tony suddenly said waves of self hatred flowing through him,
“You...you made me breakfast?” Steve said his expression breaking into a wide astonished grin.
mask.
Steve bit his tongue before he let something slip about his night time adventure with the drunk Tony. Instead he remained quiet and kept staring at Tony who, with the bright eyes of a little kid, kept looking up at the night sky.
"I care about the
Steve and Tony nodded, processing the information.
There were various quotes about freedom and seizing the day and doing the right thing and following your dreams and your heart. Quotes Steve had told Tony he had always been fond of reading. Tony, of course, had found it incredibly adorable but decided to tease the man about it instead. Steve read a few of them, his smile growing even wider, then he remembered the nervous man in front of him. He glanced up, his smile reaching his eyes as he took in Tony, who was, to Steve’s surprise, cowering in his chair trying to make himself smaller as his eyes just kept getting bigger and bigger, like he was no longer proud of the work he had done.
“Um and if you say yes then… we can like, have a midnight snack or something, fridge is fully stocked, lot’s of ice cream...also lots of pasta….and um...there’s tv...and, well other stuff, and, although… you’ll probably just want to go to sleep cause...work. Although, who knows, you may want to shower...you can borrow some boxers too, not like I’ve never borrowed yours, and actually we still haven’t talked about how you got those on me….anyways… yeah” Tony said, realizing the reason he kept ranting was because he was afraid of hearing Steve’s answer, which would obviously be a resounding no. He looked up at Steve with hopeful eyes anyways.
After a second of mental rebooting Tony closed his mouth and, whistling, said, “not bad Rogers.”
“Simmons...are you by any chance our new hire?” Tony asked as he extended his hand for a shake.
“What?” Steve said going over what he had just said in his head, “no, shut up.”
Which Tony was only able to respond to with a small laugh instead of the snarky remark he so desperately wanted to come up with.
“Did you want a surprise party?” Tony asked.
“Hmm, guess it worked after all.” Tony smiled.
“The wife is feeling better. We’ve reached out to her. They want to take a few more years before fostering again. They want Harley, Peter, and Morgan to be happy, but they don’t think they can provide that right now. They would be happy, thankful, to hear another couple is thinking about adopting them.”
“Can I pay for this?” Tony asked, begging Steve with his eyes. “C’mon. The company isn’t going to care if you had popcorn or not.”
“Just like that?” Tony asked, raising his eyebrows.
He glared at the two men looming over his desk, "if you must know..."
towel without thinking of what it had once covered -- his hair was still wet, beads of water dripping off his blond locks and strolling down his bare chest to the towel. He made his way to the fridge, humming, his fingers lightly tapping rhythmically on the fridge door as he opened it and pondered what to make for breakfast.
as like a moan? Or do you want to bring Pie into this?”
“What if I suck at it?” Tony said suddenly. “Being a dad. What if I mess them up like my dad messed me up? What if it’s genetic? What if I break them? I don’t know how to do this.”
“Well, you sound like your soberi-”
“What took you so long? We’re starving over here.” Nat said, mouth full of her ham sandwich.
"No." Tony tersely replied meeting her eyes. "God, can't I just build something for myself for once? Not have to go public with it?" He asked his voice rising in volume and irritation.
Steve was late. Unusually late. Unapologetically late.
“We’re making pie.” Clint informed him, making his way into the kitchen from the living room, Rhodey following.
“How did we do?” Tony asked, wishing with all his might that he could have these memories and live them over and over in his mind.
“EVERYONE ACT NATURAL!” Jemma said jumping up from the sofa and picking up the nearest book. She flipped it open and began reading it, slightly bending her knees, as if sitting on a chair that wasn't there.
The ending, that additional jump, kind of came as a surprise to me. When I started writing this additional part 3, I thought it was just going to be the proposal, up until I started writing the epilogue to the epilogue! I hope the direction the story ended up taking is okay with you.
Sam smiled, "meeting Tony's changed him, Clint. Been coming in late a lot."
. After having talked to the man well into Tuesday morning, he figured he should give him a break. Leave him alone. The only problem was that Tony couldn’t get him out of his head.
Steve’s immaculate abs.
For a moment, he didn’t care. All he wanted was Tony. All that mattered was Tony and him.
Steve's smile faltered as he realized he had
“Okay you have one more minute to play with the babies.” A voice on the intercom informed them. Steve and Tony joined the chorus of aww’s that arose from the group.
Steve let out a soft yawn as he blinked himself awake. He smiled as the sunshine coming in from his window met his eyes. He turned to face his alarm clock, 6:25 am.
“Um… it’s really nothing,” Tony finally remembered how to swallow, “probably won’t even leave a scar or anything.” He couldn’t break his stare off of Steve’s eyes, or more like his lashes since he was still looking down at Tony’s hand.
“Write a proclamation of love!” Thor declared as he grabbed a handful of Steve’s fries.
Also, I ended this part here because I wanted to keep the tradition of the past chapters going: almost each ends with the word shit somewhere in the last two lines XD. (Don't know if anyone else noticed, or cares. But I seem to like ending them all the same way...) Maybe I'll break tradition for the next part? Who knows...
“I’ll protect you Tony.” Steve teased as he slowly walked towards the instructor.
“Aw c’mon you did great. And look, I still have both arms!” Steve said making his way around the car to the passenger side. “What?” He asked Tony.
“I know I shouldn’t have,” Tony was saying, still rambling, “it’s just I don’t know. I woke up in a stranger's bed, was flipping through a sketchbook and saw one of me so when you turned around to serve that amazing breakfast, I pocketed it. Thought it might give me more insight or something.”
“Oh buddy I wish I was. You know who you should call though? Your date. The one that kept you up
“For the last time—we did not engage in any sexual activities!” Steve could feel the tips of his ears getting pink again.
Pants - https://i.pinimg.com/236x/5b/7b/e8/5b7be805b0739824f385031addd703a3.jpg
“I mean golly Steve, you’re moving our relationship to the next level, I hadn’t known we were at this stage yet. Should I make the wedding arrangements now or after I move in?” Tony joked weakly, hoping Steve would take the sass and ignore the blushing red cheeks.
“Yes it’s right after the show, there is a twenty minute training session but you get up to forty five minutes to swim with the dolphins afterwards. Would you two be interested in signing up?”
Steve took a second to collect himself. He liked having Tony’s mouth on him and he was sad to interrupt it. But he was not as into PDA as Tony was. Defienlty not at that level. “The guests.” Was all he was able to say in between deep heavy breathes.
whole minutes already passed by? Oh, what the hell. He grabbed a pair dark blue jeans, a white v-neck and a dark blue blazer to make him look more formal, but not too much so as to scare Stark away, making him think he was desperately trying too hard.
Tony stopped walking. A smile on his face. "I like you too, Steve." He smirked, My Patrick."
"Ironman," he quietly mumbled, sticking his head deeper into fridge, and continuing on to hum the rest of the lyrics.
“Well yeah, but we were both very drunk and I
Steve took in another shaky breath, reached for the towel next to him and readjusted his jeans once again.
“Mmm.” Tony nodded into the kiss. Then, “No, shit, wait. Friends.”
"-ake you," his mouth finished. His hand reached to rub the back of his neck,
“I can’t find the keys.” Tony said looking up at him over the hood of the car.
“Besides…” Tony whispered once Steve slid into his own seat, “I want to make a good impression on them, I know how the media conveys me, and how I tend to convey myself and--”
“Are we stopping?” Tony cheered up again, sadness completely forgotten. “Is—is star watching time? You-you—someone said we would go watch the stars!”
“You don’t... you don’t remember anything, do you?” Steve asked quirking his eyebrows.
Steve smirked and straightened up. "Do I wanna kiss you? Nah you're my best friend and that's all I've ever seen you as, no offense, plus you've been with Simmons since .... forever and I think you two are very cute together, and I happened to re-"
Shivers ran down Steve’s spine. For a moment he didn’t care about his furniture. About the table stands he and Tony had made. The coffee table they spent months searching for. The sofas they had just reupholstered. He didn’t think twice about the photos on his walls whose frames would surely get knocked off. The delicate family heirloom vase that contained freshly picked flowers was forgotten. The inevitable breaking of the cabinets, drawers, and plates didn’t matter. The noise complaint that would get filled only an inconsequential whisper in the back of his mind.
He said, trying to keep his voice stoic. Jarvis complied right away and the Bluetooth in his ear started ringing.
"A phone."
“Hahaha” Tony laughed, wrinkles forming around his eyes. He took a sip from his drink and shot Bruce a quick look that yelled
“Girls?” Jemma and Nat asked hopefully.
“Ahhhhheeeeemmmmmm.” The man behind the booth interrupted them, bringing them back to reality as each took a step away from the other.
Tony stared at the ceiling in a euphoric daze.
Tony went on talking to himself on the floor for hours until finally the constant reminder of how important sleep was from J.A.R.V.I.S finally got him to get up off the floor and get ready for bed.
, blueberries were placed carefully in between the hearts. “It’s beautiful.” He leaned in and gave Tony a soft kiss. “I’ll get the plates and milk.”
“No Tony, I’m sorry I never meant it that way, you are an amazing guy, okay, and you deserve to live your life the way you want,”Steve said finally breaking his death stare at the pie to face Tony.
Thanks again for reading. (>^.^)>
Finally, Tony’s head turned slightly. He stared at the box and sighed, all the previous glee gone.
“Oh my god! Congratulations!” was the general phrase that came from the bundle of friends at the table.
"No. It's just I'm not a very tech savvy person. You shouldn't have to shut a part of you up though, especially one that is such a huge role in who you are. I mean you love it right? So why not talk about it?"
“Um. Steve? Is Steve home?” Came Tony’s reply.
“Okay.” Steve shook off his thoughts. “Well long story short I guess, um remember my ex?”
“Here you are Tony, Stark mansion,” Steve said, pointing out the obvious, since he had pulled up to the driveway ten minutes ago. They had been deep in conversation and Tony hadn’t made the slightest acknowledgment of where they were.
"Spill." Clint said, moving over a stack of folders to rest a thigh on Steve's desk.
“Hi.” He replied squinting at Steve’s high beams. “Are you God?”
been with
Steve carefully opened the box to reveal a brand new phone underneath. It wasn’t like any of the other Stark phones he had seen advertised.
Hi everybody, sorry it took forever to update, trying to get back into the habit of writing, thanks to everyone whose still reading it!! Love you :D !
never mind. Come on I made breakfast and a shake that should help with that hangover.” Steve said making his way over to the bed to help Tony up, ignoring Tony’s efforts to push him away.
“Stevie?” He whispered when he got to Steve’s bedroom door. He tentatively reached for the doorknob, quietly cursing at himself for his shaky hands and irregular breathing pattern. ‘Get a hold of yourself Tony!’ he yelled in his head before slowly opening Steve’s door. He stood frozen underneath the door frame as he took in the sight.
of your best friends and… yeah thanks for making me lose my rhythm Sam.”
Steve was far too preoccupied with Tony to take notice in the movie. Not that he wasn’t actively trying to pay attention to the movie, not wanting to totally mess up his article, it’s just Tony was right there. Sitting next to him, laughing at whatever was happening on the screen. Their hands always ended up touching when they reached for the popcorn settled on Tony’s lap, neither one ever pulling away. They ended up sharing the two straws they had put in the soda because, ‘it’s too hard to tell whose is whose’.
“Okay, no. We were in Europe for about two weeks, three-ish at most. You are telling me that in that time, you befriended
“Your vision?” Rhodey scoffed. Then thought about it and nodded, “Yeah. Okay. I’ll give you that.” He looked at Tony. “Well, we all know I deserve a slice because I’m going to be your best man.”
“Oh…” Steve said after a few seconds of silence realizing he was meant to respond, “I… um…”
Tony smiled and leaned further into Steve to respond with something but was cut off by the loud and abrupt music of the show.
"Mmmmm," he moaned as he rolled out of bed and padded towards his bathroom.
those pants would no longer be helping Steve stay in control.
"Leftovers."
Okay well love you, thanks for the read!
“Okay,” Tony exhaled closing the bedroom door and making his way back to the kitchen.
“Just not bad?” Steve smiled down at the man, taking a step closer to him.
“Uhh….” Bruce said throwing Tony a look, letting him know he didn’t know what was happening. “I’ll…. see you later?”
-Many kisses and bone crushing hugs, ThatFanwriter
Once they were gone Tony turned back around and surveyed the apartment. He stared at the box in the center of the table. Adrenaline. Anticipation. Anxiety. All coursing through his body, stronger than a raging river during a thunderstorm. “Shit.” He whispered.
Tony took a second to collect his thoughts. “We,” he said slowly, “should go eat the pie. I baked pie. For us. For tonight. It’s in the kitchen. Are you hungry?”
And Tony's little dance referring to the Iron Man 3 scene :
“Fine. But I get next time.” Tony said sitting up.
“To escape the smoke in my kitchen we stumbled our way across the hall into your place. Now at this point it was like 3 in the morning and we were both ready too just about pass out, but we fought through it like the badass guys we are,” Steve smiled.
was the alarm that was ringing in Steve’s head,
“Okay.” Steve smiled.
"-nd so I am very excited to work with you this quarter and more so next quarter Mr. Rogers." Coulson ended handing Steve back his sketchbook.
They kissed like it was their first time, high on passion and love.
Steve was awakened by the smell of something burning. He blinked a few times confused if this was still part of his dream or if he was awake now. The sound of crashing pots and the muffled voice of someone swearing heavily, quickly woke him to a sitting position, he grabbed his bat and went outside.
Jane gave him a wide smile and whispered back, “we are more than just your friends Steve, we are your family. Not only is it our job to embarrass you but it’s also our job to make sure you don’t get hurt. And by the way, you just admitted Tony is your crush.” With a wink she got up off the couch and introduced herself to Steve, leaving out all threats and instead welcoming him into their home and saying she looked forward to getting to know him better in the future.
Remember any feedback would be fantastical!
Steve let out a small laugh, “yeah I'm gathering,” he said before racing up to Tony. Tony who let out an honest to god little girls screech before dashing just out of Steve’s grasp.
"Oh boy." Steve swallowed hard, I mean it's not like he could leave Tony in wet clothes right? He could
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wait hold on.” Jane extended her hands in front of her. “I feel like we missed a very vital part of this conversation.”  She gestured to Thor and herself. Then staring at Steve, “since when do you know Tony Stark?”
“You know where to find me” Steve winked, and Tony just didn’t know what to do with that anymore because he was so sure they had shared a moment earlier, a whole staring into your eyes and I know what you’re thinking because we are one person moment earlier. At least he thinks that’s what they were having but he isn’t sure because the fucking delivery boy came and messed everything up.
Steve’s brows furrowed. “Pie?” He stared at a frozen Tony. “Did you change our safe word? Or is that… like do you want to yell out
(See the end of the chapter for
They stayed at the center for the rest of the day, talking with the three for hours. Then visited every following afternoon.
Tony hesitated. “I…” How could he resist that offer? “We both know we’d start round three.”
“Tony...what happened?” Steve asked as he pulled the car to the side of the road, to a stop.
Tony nodded. He looked at the pie. Three blueberries lined both sides of the biggest heart on the pie. There. That was the slice.
So instead he leaned back in his chair huffing and crossing his arms, wishing this work dinner was already over so he could go to Steve's.
Steve and Tony continue their "non" date ; ) Hope you like it
Tentatively, Steve reached for it and picked it up. It read
"The sna- the button and zipper?" Steve looked back down exasperated, the jeans were already drooping dangerously low. Steve knew that as soon as he undid the
he nodded, “I work with machines.”
“I -I was just admiring your new haircut” Tony replied forcing his face into the most serious one he could muster.
“Come here.” Tony let out. His voice low and heavy.
I got ideas for the zoo activities from this site : http://mentalfloss.com/article/53809/11-interactive-zoos
he smiled as he drove off back home.
“Hey, buddy? You in here?” Tony made his way through Steve’s apartment.
sick. Buckys confirmed this. So what'd you do? What did our all American goody too shoes Steve Rogers do on his extended weekend?" They had reached Steve's desk and Steve was just standing there, a glimmer in his eye as he waited for Sam's spiel to end.
I'm thinking of adding a chapter 2, u know to actually get to the Stony part, what do u think?
“So the bedroom then?”
about
Tony Stark this whole time?”
“Well they were very… I…. I found myself mesmerized.” Steve said feeling himself turn into a familiar shade of pink and red that was only ever caused by Tony.
” Clint stared at him wide eyed waiting for the big shockwave to hit Steve.
