‘Be careful,’ he mumbles into her shoulder, squeezing her before releasing her and turning back to Wade. ‘Try not to be a pain in the ass.’
ship.’
‘Do both,’ Tony says as Bucky, Sam and Wanda start laughing.
‘I’m not
‘I’m here,’ he says, reaching out for where his friend’s voice came from and finding his solid form. ‘You got a light?’
‘Huh?’
‘It’s my favourite,’ Natasha admits with a smile. When they are making their way through the rush hour traffic she adds: ‘So we saw in the news about you helping the police take out some gunmen.’
‘Hilarious,’ he rolls his eyes at his partner.
‘Did he mention ghosting Fury?’ Tony asks.
‘No you’re here to stare at my ass,’ Peter mutters to himself, glad he’s on the ceiling cleaning up the globs of dough so no one can hear him.
‘Tony,’ Bucky sounds unsure and he pauses, obviously trying to work out how to phrase his question. ‘If the arc reactor has so many bad memories attached to it, and the whole “it’s the only thing keeping me alive” deal, why are all your new inventions basically putting it back into your clothes? You’ve made new sweatshirts with it incorporated and you’re getting the suit to fit inside of it. Why not just move away entirely? Find a new way to have it power the suit?’
‘I’m stopping by Hell’s Kitchen. See you later, Wade.’
‘He’s on his way,’ the king responds, ‘he tells me he shall meet us downstairs in time for dinner. Shuri should be arriving at the same time.’
Steve frowns as he sees one of the cartoon characters on the screen throw something that looks like a turtle shell at one of the others, which seems to cause another character to fall off the race track. As Rhodes tries to shove Tony, he assumes it was the latter who had sent the former off the track.
Shuri, despite her best efforts, is at a disadvantage by not having any physical enhancements like her opponents, and to not having had as much experience with drinking. She’s the next one out, falling asleep on Natasha’s shoulder until Peter carries her down to her room.
‘What the-’ the other turns and Peter takes the opportunity to web him to the wall.
‘Peter-’
The king nods. ‘I could see that from the Accords. Steve told me you’d been the one to change them. He didn’t say you’d done it alone.’
‘Anyway,’ Tony waves his hand in the air to move them on. ‘Barnes make yourself at home, you’ve got free run of the facility tonight and tomorrow. Hermione and I have an appointment with some soldiers tomorrow. We’ll begin working on your alter ego the day after.
‘Um, Widow? Can we stop by my flat first? There’s something I need to get, something I need to tell you all.’
‘He’ll be fine, Tony. Our resident shield snatcher’s with us,’ Bucky chuckles, grinning at Peter.
‘Are you sure it is the suit that will freeze and not your own joints?’ Loki smirks at him.
'Definite challenge,' Wade agrees, grinning at an exasperated Peter. 'What do you think, Widow? Just the head?'
‘Hey, get your own food,’ the other man says, digging in. The look on his face has both Peter and Steve laughing.
Peter spins so fast he’s surprised he doesn’t give himself whiplash. ‘How do you know about that?’
‘Thank you for all your help,’ Steve says. ‘We really appreciate everything you’ve done for us.’
The two of them watch the team’s two leaders. They’re far enough away they can’t hear what is said but Natasha can read it in their body language. Steve’s agitation as he tells Tony what happened, him nearly crumpling to the floor when he tells the inventor Bucky and Wanda have been taken. Tony barely able to keep the soldier steady, pulling him into an embrace and running his fingers through the blond’s hair, trying to calm and comfort even though he’s barely holding it together himself.
‘Why don’t we combine it all this year?’ Sam suggests. ‘When is Yule supposed to be celebrated?’
‘Getting ready for Christmas should
‘I would have thought Loki was Elsa?’ Wade asks.
Thank you for everyone who is reading, and for those of you wonderful readers who have left comments. I'll be responding today I promise.
‘No way, Cap might still be the handsomest, but Iron Man’s the coolest!’
‘Yeah I’m not great at behaving,’ Wade says, ‘sorry to disappoint so early.’
‘Captain America’s here, maybe he’ll keep him under control?’ Even Ned doesn’t sound convinced by his own suggestion.
So there's two sneak peeks this week because I honestly couldn't choose between them:
‘Not really…’
Tony presses the arc reactor, putting his sunglasses into his jacket pocket as the nanites spread out to cover him. ‘Rhodey you and Bruce get the civilians out of harms way. Brucie baby? Try not to go green on us alright? Clint you think you can help without any- where the hell did those come from?’
At the moment I'm planning on uploading two chapters a week until I've finished writing the story, and then updates will be a little more frequent.
‘More of a nuisance,’ he replies, voice low. He glances over at her, ‘secret weapon seems to be more your thing. Didn’t I fight you in Germany?’
‘Well if he is it’s only because he’s got like eighty years experience on you,’ Rhodes interjects. ‘And you do have to be kind to old people.’
‘All done, boss.’
‘I will bow out,’ Tony says, taking his last drink, ‘and help Rhodey take you all back to bed.’
‘That the truth is I
‘He decided to move back to New York over the summer and thought it was better if I came with him. I tried to get in touch but when I called your old apartment the lady there said you’d moved away.’
‘London?’ Tony frowns, then feels the breath catch in his chest when FRIDAY brings up the footage. ‘You all seeing this?’
‘Please tell me this is not the only topic of discussion?’ Peter all but begs as he sits at the table with his friends.
‘Have we contacted anyone else?’ she asks.
sorry I didn’t tell you about your school coming over. I genuinely meant to and…well you know what I’m like when we’re in the lab. Even my AIs get frustrated with me!’
‘Well protected as in we’ve got traps waiting to go off around us, or-’
The news travels around the table like wildfire and soon it’s the main topic of conversation for the feast.
‘Tony,’ T’Challa enters as Loki takes a seat on the sofa on one side of Wade, Peter taking a seat on the other; Loki notices Bucky’s frown and grins, raising his glass at the soldier, which only earns him a glare. ‘I wanted to propose something.’
‘Wanda, do it,’ Vision gasps.
‘Good luck everyone!’ Rhodes calls.
‘Stay two steps in front of me, kid,’ the leader mutters, pushing him forwards. Peter does as he’s told, hands on the back of his head and his eyes firmly on the glass covered carpet in front of him. He hates everything about this situation. He was just really hoping he’d never disappoint Mr Stark ever again.
, Cap, and I’m busy.’
Steve takes a breath and nods, so Tony lets the soldier lead. He has to admit it’s a strange feeling not being in control of a dance, but Steve isn’t actually that bad.
The father looks at him gratefully. ‘Please. We may have been a bit overambitious with the size of our one this year. But with everything that happened…’
‘We believe he knows where the Soul stone is,’ Thor interjects, ‘and the Reality stone is with the Collector. We need a ship which is able to take us first to Nidavellir in order to have a weapon forged by the dwarves there, and then take us on to the Collector so that I may reclaim the Reality stone.’
‘But brother you’re the only one who knows them well enough!’
Wanda’s energy is failing, but they’ve nearly finished their trap.
‘I don’t know what you mean to imply,’ he grins back. Natasha just laughs and leans against the wall next to him, drinking from her water bottle as she takes a break from her own training.
‘Wait you’re just letting me do what I want?’ he asks, sounding surprised. ‘I thought I’d have to be under surveillance or something until we know I’ve got the brain washing under control. What if something happens?’
‘Good move,’ Steve congratulates him, but Peter can barely respond, trying to catch his breath and gain back control of his senses. Everything is still fuzzy.
‘Uh…’ the two of them say in unison.
This time Steve really does have to hold him up from his laughter as Wanda disappears, face bright red. ‘Tony, will you stop sharing our private life with Wanda as a way to tease her please.’
‘Buck? Let’s get some air before we meet the others,’ Steve suggests. Bucky just nods and follows him outside.
‘That will depend on how much we have managed to heal up by the time we get there. It could take anything from a few days to a few weeks. Possibly longer, but I wouldn’t think that would be the case considering how well you’ve been responding to treatment already.’
‘Yes Mr Fury sir.’
Peter nods. ‘Yeah course I am. It’ll be good to be able to see him without everyone anyway.’ Then he turns and gives Tony a hug.
Bucky thinks approvingly.
The man scoffs and turns to a burly, bearded man who has just come up to the bar. ‘Buck? Do me a favour and take the kid outside before he gets hurt.’
Loki laughs. ‘You shall have to discover the answer to that yourself. Now are you sure you are willing for me to help you?’
‘I’m not worried at all,’ Natasha says.
‘The feeling is not mutual,’ Steve growls.
He sees Thor frown at him, then stretches out his hand and does as he’s told. Loki will never admit how much he has missed the sound of that hammer flying through the air. Nor how much the look of surprise and gratitude and disbelief on his brother’s face when the hammer returns to his hand means to him.
‘There, that’s all we can do for now,’ Wanda sounds drained and moves towards one of the chairs.
‘That’s not the point- oh for fuck’s sake!’ Wade flips him over so he’s on his back, the older man pinning his arms above his head. ‘Peter listen to me. This isn’t just about breaking the law, this is about you and me and me choosing to respect the law in regards to you, alright?’
Loki’s tone is grim.
‘I’m sure we have Mr Parker’s presence in our school for the choice the Avengers have made,’ Mr Harris gives him a grateful smile, but Peter is too busy trying not to be sick to take it in. ‘We’ll be taking part in different activities, seeing how the team works, and will get the opportunity to meet most of the Avengers themselves. Plus, we’ve got a new student starting that week so it’ll be a fantastic opportunity for them to meet everyone. Now I want you to make sure you all get your parents to sign these slips, the trip is happening in two weeks…’
‘Hey dude we’re playing soccer, no hands!’ Rhodes shouts.
Tony thinks as he lets the amber liquid run down his throat, relishing the burn. He’s just going to have to make sure he doesn’t drink too much that he can’t be of some help.
‘Peter,’ at the tone in his voice, Peter snaps his mouth shut with an audible click.
He knows the smile he gives is not quite hitting the mark but he tries. ‘I’m not so sure I’d agree with you right now, but thanks anyway Doc.’
The inventor gives him a small smile, patting the hand on his shoulder. ‘Me too, Cap.’ Then he walks past him and heads towards his bedroom, leaving Steve with a small smile of his own, and his hand tingling with warmth.
‘You’re the best,’ Peter grins, then pulls a face as he sniffs the whiskey Tony offers him. ‘We got anything else?’
‘That’s the one! Anyway I better go, he’ll be coming out soon and it’ll probably seem weird if I’m talking to myself.’ He ignores the brief chatter that starts up, mainly from Bucky, and looks over at Matt.
Her training mainly comes from needing to fine tune the control over her powers and seeing how far she can push them, not to mention practising using them to help her teammates, such as levitating them to a place they can’t reach. Tony has come up with some amazing tech to help her with this, and Vision is usually the one in the room with her as she uses it, he having more of an idea on how she could expand her powers than anyone else.
‘I’m sure there are a number of things you would rather be doing than sitting in my lesson, however-’
‘Has He given you any more ideas as to what His plan is?’ his guest asks after a pause.
‘Yeah I frequently welcome the possibility of getting closed down by having underage kids come into my bar.’
‘I’m surprised he’s admitting how much support he needs,’ she says, ‘he doesn’t like to admit to you that he can’t do something.’
to come back in one piece,’ Peter rolls his eyes.
‘Then stop acting like one!’ Tony counters, patience apparently ended. Peter can see Bucky wince out of the corner of his eye.
Nebula lets out a scream of rage, launching herself at her adopted father, her well-built friend letting out a battle cry of his own and following her, the two of them engaging Thanos. Loki wastes no time, darting forwards and making copies of himself to distract the Titan, as his true form weaves amongst them, grabbing hold of Lorena’s arm and pulling her to safety.
‘What can I do for you, Nat?’ he asks, not looking up from where he’s buried in the internal workings of one of the War Machine suits. ‘Ow, dammit,’ he curses pulling one of his hands out and shaking it.
Love always,
‘He’s seventeen in two months,’ Tony replies.
‘Says the person who didn’t want to join in the first place,’ Wanda teases him, laughing as he sticks his tongue out at her. ‘You going to join us every week?’
‘Don’t make me break my promise, Tony,’ Steve pleads, ‘I told you we’d get everyone back. That includes
‘Oh no thank you, May,’ Ned smiles. ‘I’ll head home. I’ve got some homework left to do.’
‘Alright team let’s go,’ Steve says.
‘You’re no fun; you listen to Steve way too much,’ she grumbles, ‘taking the sensible option. Can you
‘Oh you know me, Spidey. I always end up coming back.’
‘Woah you’re going to be the most popular kid on that trip,’ Wanda laughs.
‘Yeah we are now,’ she responds. ‘Thanks for coming, Nick.’
As always please do let me know what you think, or if there is anything you'd like me to add or relationships you'd like me to explore a little more and I shall see what I can do.
‘To be fair, Buck,’ Steve adds from where he and Tony are sat on a sofa, ‘he did help us get Tony out because Peter asked him to. Maybe he has turned over a new leaf.’
‘Very funny,’ the captain rolls his eyes. ‘I will be sitting firmly on the sidelines and I’ll volunteer to judge.’
‘I’m not that young! I’m seventeen!’
‘Don’t you dare,’ he narrows his eyes at the doctor. ‘He doesn’t even know I’m planning to attend, he thinks Natasha is going in my place. I
‘That’s literally all I know with regards his mission,’ he says defensively. ‘He makes sure not to discuss any of his missions with me until he’s had his debrief, so if he does get hold of me we talk about other stuff.’
soldiers down with him. Peter, ever helpful, hurries over to help all three back onto their feet, flipping over the top of the pile of bodies and still managing to land perfectly on the ice.
Before Tony can reply there’s a knock on the door and the man in question pushes it open, a scowl on his face. ‘Tony, learn to control your damn kid and stop him from waking me up at obscene hours!’
‘Anytime the phrase “leave it to me” comes out of your mouth Wade, I get very scared,’ Sam frowns at him. The team have gathered in the common room while they wait for the Guardians to settle in, all of them now looking at their own sweaters, with Loki, Thor and Peter’s ones waiting for them to return to the facility before finding their owners.
‘You hurt my feelings, baby boy!’
‘If I hadn’t done a background check on Senora Valdez I’d assume she was a spy the way that woman knows things.’
‘What you stalling for, Francis? This is just getting boring now. Come on out so I can shoot you between the eyes!’ Wade’s voice carries back to him from out of one of the burning warehouses.
‘You sure you don’t want me to stay?’
‘Best of three?’ the man suggests, metal fingers deftly preparing the gun almost on autopilot.
Why is it every time he wakes up at the moment there’s stupid amounts of pain? Tony’s beginning to wonder just how many deities he’s managed to piss off in his lifetime.
‘What-’
‘Tell me: is there a council on Jotunheim already in place to assist the throne?’ Loki asks.
‘Do you think we should put Thor and Loki on the same team? We might lose the facility otherwise.’
Loki’s noticed the sprig of mistletoe above the exit to the common area and, when he sees the mercenary standing to leave, he makes his way around to meet him as he’s leaving.
‘Alright!’ Peter laughs. ‘I’ll believe you. This time.’
Bucky sniggers. ‘Sounds like Jacques.’
‘Dude, I know I’m not one to talk, but don’t you ever shut up?’ Peter says as they creep towards the edge of the building, watching where the two men enter. ‘Karen, keep an eye on where they go for me.’
‘Not joining them, Cap?’ Rhodes asks, leaning up against the bar next to Steve, his tie hanging loose around his neck and his suit jacket open.
‘What is going on?’ Natasha asks.
‘Hmm well it was this or a drinking game, and I didn’t think anyone would appreciate a drinking game with a child around,’ Valkyrie shrugs.
‘Damn thing is just fussing,’ Strange grumbles. ‘I’ll be fine once I’ve rested.’
‘You took your sweet time,’ Sam snaps as Strange walks into the briefing room.
Right sorry everyone. Wade is taking a break because he obviously can’t be trusted to deliver a message.
‘Why don’t we do five rounds? We’ll get FRIDAY to keep track,’ Natasha replies. ‘Ten shots for each round.’
‘Isn’t he going to get backlash from the media about this?’ Wanda asks. ‘They’ll be tearing him apart.’
taken the reactor out of you, not Thanos. And…and…’
‘Oh I didn’t admit to myself
‘What was that for?’ he asks, hoping his voice doesn’t sound as breathless as he thinks it does.
‘We’ve just got to convince Clint of that when he arrives,’ Steve points out.
‘Yep. We’re not telling you where all the mistletoe is though, that’s part of the challenge. No one knows where
‘What kind of a deal?’
‘Tony, what are you saying?’
‘Wait, what?’
‘Ah, I’m afraid that might be difficult, Mister Stark,’ Rumlow sighs in apparent regret. ‘You see I’ve had the new deployment details for both Rogers and Barnes through today. They’ll be redeployed and leaving at the end of the week.’
‘Since when have you been doing ballet?’ he asks.
‘No matter how many times I hear that it still weirds me out,’ Ned shakes his head. They spend the next hour discussing plans for December until Ned and MJ have to leave; Loki still has his bowl of vanilla to finish so he and Peter stay at the table and refresh their memories on what they have left to purchase.
‘That was so awesome,’ Ned nods, ‘he actually knew who I was.’
‘Want to avoid this Wilson?’ Clint growls, picking another knife from the block on the side. Before he can even lift his arm to throw it, the archer’s flying side-ways to land in a heap by the windows. ‘What the hell just happened?’ he groans, then his eyes go wide as he sees his attacker.
‘When we spoke to them before Loki lost the link, they seemed to think they were waiting until they’d broken Bucky before they tried to start on Wanda,’ Steve mumbles back, ‘I would have thought it would have taken longer to have an effect on her.’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘No, I’m taking us somewhere else.’
Peter’s not sure what to say to that so he looks down at his desk and tries not to fidget with a pencil. He’s not as angry any more, if anything he’s just feeling hurt and confused.
‘Damn the kid can talk,’ Bucky says, wiping at his eyes. ‘And like talk himself into so much trouble.’
to send it over. Would you prefer I went for America’s golden boy rather than your intern? I know HYDRA would
. Geez! Mind you considering your reaction I think I
‘I really hope you aren’t expecting me to do that,’ Bruce says, looking a little uneasy as he watches the teenager.
‘Not counting the time spent in the ice, it was before I lost Buck.’
‘Just like you never mentioned being bi you mean?’ Wanda shoots back and the teenager just grumbles.
The hour’s nearly up by the time Sam finds him. It’s a hunch he has based on something Tony mentioned a while ago, about making sure the hangers had protection from scanners in case they ever needed to make a quick escape. He’d made the changes before Bucky had come back in case they had to spirit the Winter Soldier away.
‘Who are you meeting?’
Unfortunately I am now going down to one chapter uploaded a week seeing as I'm now caught up with where I am on fanfiction.net. If I get five or more reviews one week though I might do a surprise mid-week upload - just to inspire you to review if you want the chapters quicker!
‘I’m not about to give up all of my secrets, Nat, you should know better than that,’ he laughs, sending another of the smoke bombs to land near the air conditioning and setting it off, having FRIDAY put the extraction power of the unit up to full to see how much more he’ll have to add in order to overpower the system.
‘Tony gave it me after we had a heart to heart and made me promise to come down and talk to him rather than considering other options,’ he whispers back as they approach the motionless form of the inventor.
For the first time ever, Tony sees the Wakandan look uncomfortable. ‘No, you are right there. Perhaps Loki may be a better option?’
The kid had settled down after that, or at least hadn’t been grumbling quite so noisily.
‘Hey! How come I miss all the lovey dovey shit?’ Wade says as he walks in.
‘That’s all for now,’ he nods, dismissing the man. He’s learnt from Zemo that the best way to destroy the Avengers is from the inside, but the man made the mistake of allowing them the opportunity to rebuild afterwards. He will not make that same mistake.
He didn't know where his scotch ended up, but he felt the reverberation of the punch travel through his now-empty fist, up his arm, past his shoulder, down his spine, and all the way into his hips; a good, solid blow. He was fiercely proud that he'd managed to catch Captain America off guard, enough so that Steve had fallen sideways and dropped onto one knee, and that stunned look was truly something to behold. Tony saw the fury surge forth in that blue gaze, saw it firm Steve's jaw, and he knew the man would come up swinging. He brought his hands up (the way Steve had taught him in their sparring sessions, not that it had ever saved him then, not that it would save him now), more than willing to take the blows if he could land his own and exhaust the emotional turmoil roiling within.
Steve was staring at him with those sharp blue eyes, and there was about ten good feet of space between them, but Tony could see they were a little too wide in what he easily recognized as underlying panic. Steve's uniform was looking a little worse for wear, but it did nothing to detract from his well-toned muscles, especially standing at stiff, military attention as he was now. Tony felt his own breathing matching the rapid pace of his love's heaving chest, and his eyes latched onto the tic in that chiseled jaw – funny that he could still see it through that truly impressive beard.
“Mm,” the super soldier agreed, pressing a kiss to the top of his paramour's head.
He uncapped the water and hooked one finger past the line of the makeshift gag, pulling it down. He let the billionaire take a few unobstructed breaths, then tipped the bottle to his lips. Despite the wordless complaints he received, he only gave his partner small sips at a time, not wanting to overwhelm his system. After letting him work through half the bottle, Rogers capped it and set it aside, strolling behind the desk once more.
“I'm going to be very demanding, you know. All kinds of crazy things.” That almost sounded normal.
“Why did you leave me here alone?” he gasped out. There were still a few seconds to fill, so he asked, “Why didn't you wait just one more second? You didn't even say goodbye.”
“How much?”
The tech genius groaned and did his best to press backward to meet the blonde's rough thrusts, giving him all the answer he needed. The blonde pressed a kiss behind his paramour's ear and pushed back up into a standing position, grabbing those perfect hips and using them as leverage. One of the best things about the serum that had changed his body, as he'd discovered through countless bouts of ardor with his dark-haired lover, was that his muscles never fatigued, so he never had to slow the rapid pace he'd set.
He hesitated, wanting anything but to admit it aloud, took a breath to stall. But eventually, he sighed out, “I know.”
He walked around to the front of the desk, just as pleased with this view as he had been from behind. He leaned forward and coaxed the dark-haired man's head up with a hand under his chin. He studied those hazy, half-lidded eyes a while, then leaned down and kissed his counterpart's forehead.
~~FIN~~
Turns out, he'd fallen into old habits and once again forgotten to see how his actions might affect those around him.
“I don't know. Just
Diving into his work helped. So did alcohol. Often, he didn't rejoin the real world for days. Even less often did he enjoy what he found waiting for him.
He glared daggers at Steve as the man bowed his head, hysterical giggles wracking through him, and he flopped over onto his back when Tony hit his shoulder in half-hearted anger. The billionaire sat up and pinned him with the most deadly look he could muster, which only succeeded in earning him an upgrade to full-on guffawing, leaving him gawking in disbelief. He was just taking a breath to start berating him when Steve snagged him and pulled him down for a kiss, chuckling a little against his lips, then maneuvered him into an embrace similar to how they'd been curled up before.
” came the dramatic response and a hand flapped in his general direction. “Down at that end of the desk, feel free to move whatever's in your way, except any tech – don't touch it! It might explode.”
“Come on, Tony, we should get up.”
the day before, and mumbled, “We're still working things out, I intend to work things out all day today, we shouldn't give them false hope just yet- Hmm.” He smiled into the kiss that Steve maneuvered him into.
make it up to you.”
Rogers took a deep breath to clear his head, though he held tightly to the warmth that flooded his chest, and shifted the messenger bag at his side, one hand coming up to fiddle nervously with his tie. He pressed the door shut behind him and engaged the lock, not wanting their time together to be interrupted. Then, he carefully sidled off to one side, placing himself in the far edges of Tony's peripheral vision; he knew the billionaire was too engrossed to really pay much attention, but he also didn't want to chance ruining the surprise.
“Roger,” the secretary affirmed, then smirked and added, “Captain Rogers.”
He was just beginning to think he might run (whether toward or away from Steve, he didn't know), desperately trying to keep his emotions and thoughts locked down until he could process them in private, when a small hand on his bicep made him jump. He whipped his head down to find Pepper at his arm, holding it protectively, looking up at him with eyes that promised she would do whatever he needed, even if that meant going toe-to-toe with Captain America, and he loved her so much in that moment. A larger hand landed on his opposite shoulder and Rhodey was there, expression carefully neutral as he considered Steve across the space; it was doubly impressive to Tony, being that the pilot was a huge Cap fan and all, and hadn't had the time to properly
Lips and tongue and teeth assaulted Tony's mouth, and he found himself responding in kind, all his frustration poured into the kiss-turned-battle.
He hadn't realized the room had gone hushed, too focused on the man across from him, neither of them having moved an inch since their staring contest had begun, but it hit him all at once when Natasha's voice quietly suggested, “Why don't we all give them some time alone?”
Tony groaned helplessly, covering his burning face with his hand.
“Tony?” Steve goaded.
And he did. Tony orgasmed near-instantly, covering his hand and shooting up onto his shirt, voice choked off for a long moment as the severity of it ripped through him, then coming back in a long, low groan. Steve gritted his teeth and held on with every ounce of willpower he had, fucking the billionaire steadily through his release, waiting until he was coherent again. The moment the sounds he made became sufficiently desperate, hypersensitivity feeding them, Rogers slammed inside with abandon, finishing buried as far inside as he could manage. His actions pushed his paramour back over the edge, making him cum a second time; this one produced very little semen, but it was just as violent as the previous one.
okay.”
Tony knew that was the end of the conversation, so he said as sincerely as he'd ever said anything in his life, “I love you, too, Steve. I miss you.”
Phil Coulson, the latter of the pair interjected, “Allow me to show you the way,” and, yeah, there was definitely going to have to be a conversation about why the hell Phil knew the layout of the new compound despite having never stepped foot into it until today. Oh, and also about
“No! Don't you, 'Oh, Tony,' me! You left me here!”
“What?” Steve asked, sounding utterly bewildered.
Not to come to help
“I care about you, Tony. I don't want you to do this to yourself.” Well, wasn't that just the joke of the fucking millennium!
“You're a stupid, self-sacrificing, horrible boyfriend. Why do you have to be such a good fucking person? Why can't you let me hate you?”
just crazy, that he'd spent the majority of his life believing he'd never be able to form a meaningful relationship with a single person and then this crowd of pariahs and outcasts had wormed their way into his heart, and now he cared so much that sometimes it hurt to breathe – so devastated at the thought of millions of people wanting to hunt them down if they didn't cooperate, terrified at the prospect of the things that might happen if they didn't agree to be collared, and he'd made his decision. He'd said it was to protect innocent lives, and that was true to some extent, but what really mattered were the lives of the people closest to him. So, he'd made those promises, picked up that pen and signed away his soul, willing to stagger and bleed under the constraints the drafted words would impose on him, so long as it meant his family was safe.
“Don't do anything too outrageous. You have to be there for the team, especially while I'm away. They need you.”
Without faltering in his vicious cadence, he plastered himself across his lover's spine, pitching his voice to be heard over the sound of skin-on-skin and the billionaire's muffled screams of passion. “I told you I would do this,” he growled into his ear, his own breath a little ragged with unleashed animalism. “I said I would bend you over and take you the way you've been begging me to for months now. The deal to remove the tie was just a test to see if you could stay quiet through it or if you needed to remain gagged.” He slid one hand up to firmly grasp Tony's jaw and asked, “Is this what you wanted?”
“I'm not done with you yet,” he purred out, delighting in the shudder that passed through his lover. He leaned over him, obstructing the tech genius' view of what he was doing, pressing a kiss to the tie that separated them. “Not by a long shot.”
, and now every single second of them coalesced into a burning hot rage that would rival even the Hulk.
,” she amended, the words rote by now. “Did you come to see Mr. Stark?”
As it happened, they didn't have to wait long. Or, rather, not at all.
... before?” He sighed in exasperation when his paramour just blinked at him cluelessly. “Jesus! Were you- Together! Were you guys
“Oh, Tony,” cooed that damnable, wonderful voice.
So, he'd been left broken and bleeding, the cavity in his chest, where his heart had been, filling up with anguish and denial and fear (always more fear). But his fear twisted to anger, as it always had, and fueled him to take actions he might not have under other circumstances, make choices he would never have dreamed he could make, all for the sake of numbing the pain and drowning the fear. He'd been tasked with hunting down that proud, stubborn man and he didn't put up much of an argument, knowing someone else would be sent out in his place, someone unconcerned with keeping a fugitive alive; there wasn't a word strong enough for the desperation that consumed him at the thought of irretrievable loss, something so overwhelming it felt like he was looking at it from the outside, like he couldn't actually feel it. So, he'd built his own team, met his love on the battlefield, and pitted friend against friend, tearing them all apart the way only his special brand of fucking up could. Then, his paramour had escaped, clever thing he was.
in those beautiful eyes, and release ripped through him, made him shudder and twist, screaming Steve's name, and he never once broke contact with those eyes. Through the overwhelming sensations – he'd never cum that hard in his entire life – he watched Steve's expression contort with the pleasure-pain of his own finish, and if that wasn't the hottest thing he'd ever seen, well, it must have been, because it sent violent aftershocks rolling through him.
That sparked a very lively debate, everyone having a very clear opinion on the matter that they very vehemently shared, using the couple's beards (“
His love laughed and drew him into a long, lingering kiss, then moved away to do as he was told. “Am I going to have to go to my other room for less formal clothes? All I saw in the closet were designer labels.”
Impaling him on his cock.
“I know. I promise.”
” for a while now. “Deal?” He punctuated the word with a teasing, shallow thrust, impressed when all it elicited was an intake of breath; Tony was not a quiet man by any measure of the word, most certainly not when it came to carnal pleasures.
Tony scoffed angrily, disbelievingly, “What more could you have done?”
“Are you?” Tony snapped.
“Tony,” Steve reprimanded, drawing his name out slightly, but the tech genius could hear the grin in his voice and knew it was all a front, contenting himself with chasing after the doze that was tickling at the back of his mind. “Tony, it's time to get up. We should probably let everyone know we worked things out.”
“Yeah?”
Tony cried out in surprise – and want – fingers flying down to lock around the super soldier's wrists. Rogers grinned and held him there for a moment, grinding his hips up into him, drinking in the needy sounds he earned with the motions. He was buried deeper this way than he had been during their tryst on the desk, and that, plus the still-sensitive nerves inside his paramour, was enough to draw out absolutely obscene sounds. The tech genius must've realized this, as one hand rapidly moved to cover his mouth, head snapping up to undoubtedly look at the open door across the room.
“You left me here,” Tony accused.
“I mean it,” Tony maintained, but the momentary spark of not-so-bad was gone, and it came out sounding dismal. He swallowed heavily and requested once more, “Come home to me.”
thinking about that right now, he couldn't think about it – he would be okay. Regardless of the rest of humanity, he had these two people he could count on, always and forever.
Stark's heart broke at the uncertainty in those two syllables and leaned in to kiss Steve, projecting all the love and need and happiness he felt into it, murmured against his lips, “
Grey eyes stared sightlessly, unfocused, looking through him – maybe into him? He didn't like it. His own eyes narrowed, the same challenging glare he'd often used to get a rise, but it wasn't working now. Of course it wasn't, but some stupid little part of him wanted desperately for those grey eyes to turn blue, like the sky, like his dreams, to change to the color they ought to be, to focus on him. He didn't care if they turned angry or sad – hell, he'd even take hurt, if it meant those eyes were looking at him; he could make hurt go away. He wanted those brows to draw down, those perfect lips to issue forth whatever words they wanted, if only to hear the rich timbre of that voice that plagued him in wakefulness now as it had been plaguing him in dreams for months.
Then, he turned and left, ignoring the sounds of protest from behind him. On his way out, he stopped by the secretary's desk, flashing a winning smile.
He'd thought of calling anyway, considered tracking the singular number programmed into the phone that accompanied the letter (yeah, it was definitely going to be a burner phone, but that wouldn't stop him, he was too brilliant for that). Instead, he'd tossed it in a drawer in his desk and pretended it didn't exist. But he'd already locked away too much for his mind to keep at bay, and the truth started slipping free.
“Tony, you've seen me shave. Every day. For years.”
Steve moved on, saying, “I'll make it up to you. After. Anything you want.”
“Truly! How did you even do that?”
Thank you to everyone who read this!!! I hope you liked it! Please drop me a comment! (And please be kind.)
where his nose was pressed to the skin of his collarbone. He hummed sleepily when the strong arm that was wrapped around him tightened possessively, getting a gravelly chuckle and a kiss on the head in return.
thirst, and he drained the glass. He didn't spare a single thought before refilling it with another double, earning a sigh from behind him.
“Are we?”
Rogers nodded absently, well familiar with his paramour's tendency to fall into the black hole that was his work. Sometimes that was dangerously close to being literal.
“You said you wanted to talk. So, talk.”
Steve held him tight, surged up into the kisses, gently rolled him onto his back, swapping their positions so that he was the one propped on an elbow when they parted, looking down at Tony with pure adoration. The tech genius grinned at him, reached up for another quick peck, then felt doubt dim the smile.
“You're the best,” Tony answered, wishing he could even fake the joviality that phrase once held.
“Tony,” his paramour groaned in affectionate exasperation.
After his trip to Staten Island and brief affair with Steve's old WWII statue, Tony had decided that regardless of how things had turned out between the two of them, he needed to fix his mistakes for the good of all the other heroes of the world, both those he loved and those he'd yet to meet. True to Stark form, he'd gone in with guns blazing, demanding a rewrite of the Accords to better benefit both sides, something to allow heroes their freedom and still give civilians a peace of mind. He'd ignored the name-calling (really, he'd been called a lot worse than “turncoat” and “double-crosser”), laughed at the threats, and called on the most brilliant minds he knew to help him formulate a new draft. He was so committed to making this work, he'd even contacted Reed Richards and,
“That's what Bucky said, too,” Steve laughed, getting another whine in response. His voice was suddenly soft and sincere as he said, “It's always been you, Tony. It's always and only been you.”
. God, there was so much
“Oh, Tony.”
“Mmhm, I don't buy it.”
“You have my clothes in your room?” the blonde inquired as he picked through the wardrobe.
So, what happens next? No more mopey Tony, that's for sure.
“Mrrrrm!” he protested, snuggling in tighter.
if you're with him, I won't be a sidepiece, I-
“I wish I could be.”
He opened his eyes – when had he closed them? – as Steve slowed to a halt and found sky blue, pupils blown, drinking in his image with a thirst he couldn't understand. He knew he'd been talking, wondered what he'd said that could bring such a sorrowful, desperate look through all the rage that had been there before.
“How many times do I have to remind you to call me by my given name?” he teased, giving her an easy grin as he leaned one arm across the edge of her tall desk.
“No, really,” the latter insisted, but the amusement was slowly giving way to contented warmth, “it's very nice. I didn't know you could grow a beard.”
“Yes, Tony, of course. I wanted to say something, but there just wasn't time.”
Tony couldn't stop himself from halfheartedly sing-songing, “Promises, promises.”
“I love you,” Steve repeated, voice filled with the truth of the words and just the slightest edge of pleading that Tony couldn't ignore, regardless of anything else. He couldn't deny that tone, even now.
, did the captain love that about him). The blonde smirked and quirked an eyebrow.
“Won't be able to walk right, either.”
Tony took a breath and gave a tiny smile, left hand coming up to cover Pepper's, right crossing to grasp at Rhodey's, feeling safe and warm just then; he knew, no matter how things went – and he was
“You won't be able to
“Just come home. That's all I want. Forget the rest of it, all I want is for you to come home.”
“Alright, fine, yes, I've been drinking. Not like it matters.” At least the last time they'd had this exact conversation, he'd been happily drunk on margaritas. Now, though, there was no room for sweet drinks, only strong, bitter ones.
“Shall I let him know you've arrived?”
He slid his hands down to grasp the undersides of Tony's thighs, pulling his legs up close to his chest, then lifted him almost completely off his dick and brought him down hard. The new angle seated him deeper than he'd thought possible, and effectively cut off his name as it left his lover's mouth, ending it in a loud moan. Just as he had earlier, Steve set up a swift, hard pace, snapping his hips upward every time he maneuvered the billionaire down, each thrust landing squarely against his prostate. He delighted in the loud noises he elicited, the curses and pleas, and the sound of his name fueled his fervor.
“Don't worry, everyone's gone, I made sure of it. No one around to hear you but me,” the blonde said, reaching up to pull his hand away from his mouth. He rolled his hips upward as he added, “And I'm going to make you scream.”
“That's it, I'm shaving it off.”
The billionaire felt his orgasm building rapidly, tried to find some way to stave it off, but his paramour was driving ruthlessly against his prostate and he was practically sobbing the man's name. He felt the wave surging up, saw it towering over his head, ready to crash down, and then Steve said, voice gravelly with lust but no less commanding for it, “Tony. Look at me.”
“Tony,” the super soldier groaned, licking up the exposed line of his partner's neck. He smirked at the whining moan he received and said the name again. “Tony, I'm going to cum deep inside you, you know that, don't you? I'm going to cum inside you again, but harder this time.” That made the dark-haired man shudder and Steve smirked. “Tony, touch yourself.”
“It was important, Tony. I couldn't just sit idly by.”
Tony clenched his jaw so tightly, it was a wonder he didn't crack his teeth. He squeezed his eyes shut, tried to somehow not hear the words, even as he longed to drown in them.
The flash of worry at being discovered shouldn't have been as arousing as it was, but Steve couldn't deny the pulse of
The super soldier's eyes fastened on the dark-haired man's Adam's apple as it bobbed with a nervous swallow and he accepted Tony's nod with a twitch of his lips, leaning down to nibble at the delicate skin around the mass of cartilage. Without another word, he canted his hips forward, pressing back in at a glacial pace, knowing full well that his counterpart was feeling the tantalizing friction in every nerve ending. He adored the way his lover withheld his voice, muscles tight and trembling with effort. Steve lavished his throat and collarbone with thorough attentions, contradicting the urgency of his mouth with languid rolls of his hips, designing the perfect method to unravel the billionaire's self-control.
“Run it back, J,” Tony instructed.
The tech genius' resolve lasted about half the designated timeframe, dissolving into barely-restrained whines and moans, body fighting to get the dichotomy of sensations to synchronize into one intensity or the other. Less or more, the blonde wasn't sure which Tony preferred, but it seemed the man wasn't certain himself, simultaneously trying to soften the ministrations to his neck and spur a harder rhythm below. Rogers gave a sharp bite to his collarbone and a swift snap of his hips, drinking in the almost dangerously loud groan he received.
Judgy silence pervaded the air.
“You can't,” Tony answered, but he could hear his conviction weakening.
Specifically, the one who held his heart – truly, wholly held it and loved it and nurtured it.
“I do love you, Tony. I'll be counting the moments until we're together again.” Damn sap.
“Haven't heard a peep since he arrived this morning.”
,” the tech genius hissed when Steve finally lifted him off, his satisfied smile quickly replacing it.
“I'll see you soon,” Steve promised. But that was a lie.
Tony mocked scornfully. He barked out a humorless laugh and pointedly drained his glass, then refilled it. “It doesn't matter,” he reiterated. “What're you gonna do to stop me? You're gone.”
“You're a dick,” Tony replied, wounded and strained. There was silence, so he added, “Everyone thinks Captain America's so damn nice, but you're a dick.”
,” Tony moaned, closing his eyes as desire and a little fear played across his face. He remained passive, if not directly helpful, as the captain redressed them both.
“I'll come back for you later,” he promised, trying not to seem too amused by the panicked look that swiftly spread across Tony's face. “Let's see if you can keep from being discovered like this. I hope you don't have any meetings. What would people say, finding you here, all tied up, filled with my cum? Speaking of-” He smirked wickedly. “-don't spill a drop.”
He raised an eyebrow in bewilderment as Steve turned to stare at him, something warm and a little sad tinging his expression. He wondered if his mouth had gotten him into trouble again – it often did, especially when he wasn't paying attention to what he was saying, and he really hadn't been a moment ago.
“You thought I wouldn't want to be with you?” Steve asked him quietly, and Tony felt an embarrassed blush creep across his cheeks.
Steve slipped quietly through one of the double doors, sharp eyes scanning the room. He couldn't repress the smile that tugged at his lips at the sight of his dark-haired beauty standing behind his overly long, arched workbench-turned-desk, profile lit by the holographic screens that littered the air, brilliant eyes seeing a whole other world in the strings of code, clever hands flying as if conducting a symphony. His intensity was breathtaking, his passion a masterpiece, and the super soldier had to take a moment to admire it.
Bucky was there next to Cap and the latter's blue eyes slid worriedly toward him, a silent askance if Barnes would be fine on his own (Tony knew that look, remembered it from hundreds of their own silent exchanges), but the metal-armed man just rolled his eyes and clapped his friend on the shoulder, trailing off to sidle up next to Natasha. It was good that he left, because Tony didn't know if he could keep it together in front of the ex-assassin; he'd long since accepted that the Winter Soldier hadn't been in control of his faculties when he'd killed Tony's parents, but that didn't mean the anger wasn't still there, that the billionaire could just move on and be okay with him. He didn't need the added burden of censoring the already difficult things that needed to be said.
,” Tony snarked at him and he could practically hear the man's eyes rolling, making him chuckle. “I'm going to have bruises everywhere by tomorrow, you know.”
, and everything Tony wanted.
“You didn't,” Tony insisted, pouring every ounce of accusation into the words. “You could have and you didn't, Steve. I'm here, I'm okay,
Rogers allowed them both a moment of rest, taking in his paramour's disheveled appearance, marked-up thighs, and fading arousal. He stroked the tips of his fingers across the billionaire's covered mouth and down his throat, stopping at the edge of the partially-unbuttoned shirt. The glazed eyes that settled on him sent a spark of
from Tony. Having found what he was looking for, he focused on that pattern, driving hard against his lover's prostate, slamming into him with abandon. He had enough time to soak in the vision of his partner cumming, cock untouched, back arched, shout muffled by his tie, but then the muscles around his own erection were locking down and, in a few more wild thrusts, he buried himself as deep as he could physically go and released inside that wonderful body.
The silence rushed in on him, the lack of voices and incidental sounds that typically accompanied so many bodies, and Tony glanced over to find all eyes were pinned to him and Steve. Panic sparked in his chest, adrenaline flooding his veins, and he fought down the urge to escape their attention; many would probably be surprised to learn that it was a very common notion for him, the discomfort of being a crowd's primary focus, despite (or maybe because of) living in the spotlight his entire life. Luckily, the gathering was more than willing to follow Natasha's lead as she headed into the main building – and of course she knew where she was going, that wasn't the least bit surprising, she'd probably obtained copies of the floorplans the day he'd submitted them and memorized them in moments. As they left, he caught the meaningful looks Pepper and Rhodey shot him (
Steve abruptly flipped Tony over, snatching him backward so that his arms were stretched in front of him, held crossed at the wrists by the straps securing them, chest pressed to the tabletop, spread out so far that he was barely standing on the balls of his feet, ass exquisitely presented. Without missing a moment, the captain plunged back inside of him, hips snapping a rhythm so harsh the workbench shuddered despite being bolted solidly to the floor.
Then bit down.
In his quest to track down his lover-on-the-lam, he'd unwittingly unraveled many tangled threads, learned things that had started to clear the haze from his mind, and thought that maybe he could salvage things after all. He'd set out to do just that, thought he'd managed it, picked up his crushed heart and dusted it off, coaxed the bruised thing into some semblance of working order. Of course, he was not a lucky man, not in any sense of the word, and the threads he had been pulling dropped away to lay bare devastating truths. There was pain –
Steve chuckled at that, all smooth and honeyed, and it soothed the ragged edges of Tony's upset, even as it tore him apart much deeper inside. This wasn't right. They should be talking about sandy beaches and the benefits of having no suntan lines, arguing that work could be put off
things were.
He tasted the sharp tang of blood, a taste he was intimately (no pun intended... or maybe it was...) familiar with, and Steve jerked back with a gasp. Tony met his eyes, doing nothing to douse the fire he felt burning in his own, and deliberately cleaned the blood that had spilled onto his lips with a slow swipe of his tongue. He darkly enjoyed the way those baby blues followed the movement, the unrepressed anger he saw in them. He tugged gently against the big hands still closed around his wrists, a delighted shiver running through him when they flexed bruisingly tight for a moment, and then he was free.
Tony's legs were locked in place, fear a gripping presence in his chest, the hairs on the back of his neck standing on end and his stomach doing vicious rolls. He accepted the words and affections of his returned teammates, but he honestly had no idea who had come to him or what was said, or how he'd responded in turn. His eyes were searching for that one face, that one form, the only one that truly mattered right now, the one that had been haunting him for the last two years.
It was a long, uphill struggle, but satisfactory amendments had finally been agreed upon and signed into law. SHIELD's new director – Phil Coulson, as it were – had called in Tony's people, both the Avengers and those who'd helped revise the Accords, to discuss the implications of the new laws and not-so-subtly congratulate them on their hard work. Following the boring, long-winded explanation of the new terms and the dismissal of the non-Avengers (except Rhodey and Pepper, because they refused to leave Tony's side, God love them), Coulson had leveled meaningful eyes on each person in the conference room and told them he was bringing their exiled friends home. Today. If it had been any other person, Tony might have wondered how they'd found the fugitives, but this was Phil Coulson, the Man With the Plan, the Bloodhound, the only man who'd successfully remained as Clint and Natasha's handler. Of course he'd found them. Hell, he'd probably known where they were all along. Not that he would give anything more than that trademark passive smile in response to such a suggestion, as Tony (to his eternal censure) found out firsthand.
Tony moaned, whimpered, and growled as Steve covered him with that Serum-perfected body, tucked perfectly into the hollow between the billionaire's legs, those wonderful hands rasping across his skin, playing with his nipples, pumping his cock. He bucked and arched into the touches, his own fingers scraping blunt nails down that broad back, leaving red lines and shudders and groans in their wake. He kissed Steve at every chance, devouring him desperately, licking away the blood that kept welling up from the wound he'd left, cruelly satisfied with every taste of copper. He felt his paramour lift his thigh, grip certain to leave imprints, and then there was a pressure against his ass.
Then, the bastard was pulling away, getting up, and he whined his disapproval, wrapping himself around the blonde like an octopus. There was something to be said for super soldier strength, though, because his added weight barely slowed Steve down, and he found himself clinging tighter for the sole purpose of not falling and hurting himself. He pouted as the man looked down at him, all too pleased with himself for making it to his feet despite Tony's best attempt, offering no assistance to keep the tech genius from busting his ass. With a resigned huff, Tony slowly disengaged and stood there, glaring up at him petulantly. Steve just grinned and gave him another kiss, then started searching for his scattered garments.
There was another moment of awkward silence, this one a little more focused on the relationship bombshell that had just been dropped on them, and then people were moving forward, talking, clasping hands, hugging, and the spell was broken.
It was true, Cap's little band of merry men (and Natasha – did that make her Maid Marion? He wasn't brave enough to ask.) had left their belongings behind in favor of beating a hasty retreat, which meant they would need to come back sooner or later, and there was no telling how long this would take. So, Tony pressed his lips into a thin line and motioned for Cap to follow.
Somehow, his muddled brain had decided this was the best place to be, standing before the object of his destruction. He decided “masochist” wasn't a strong enough word and he shoved his hands into his pockets, furrowed his brow as he stared into those grey eyes. Maybe it was something he saw (or didn't see) there, maybe he'd just finally cracked, but a melancholy little smile spread across his face.
Standing in a loose group across the broad expanse of concrete, clearly having just arrived, stood Team Cap. Both sides froze, muscles strained with doubt and the effort to make no wrong moves, and eyes swept opposing lines, gauging. Some members on both sides were hidden simply from the way they'd naturally been grouped up to this moment, and one of them just had to be the single person in all the world that Tony was dying to see.
He'd fucked up, and he knew it now, but he really had thought he'd been doing the right thing then. He'd been so afraid, so scared of losing all the people he'd come to love – and wasn't
He reveled in the muted sounds he was extracting from his partner, but they weren't quite the ones he wanted. Some minor, searching adjustments in the angle of his movements finally elicited a violent response – Tony's entire body spasmed and his voice choked off, then came back in a guttural, primal moan, desperate and pleading. A devilish grin spread across Rogers' face and he repeated his trajectory, earning a second round of
“You know I love you,” Steve said, soft and open, almost a question. It chipped at Tony's resolve, slipped inside and nestled into his heart, aching bittersweetly. He wanted to tear it out, hurl it back, burn it up, but he needed it, craved it, tucked it deeper and wrapped himself around it in a desperate attempt to keep it there, safe and sound.
“Oh, God,
Again, the man he loved left.
“Why not?” Tony pressed, even though he knew the answer.
They bickered and laughed their way out the door, under Steve's gentle prodding, and Tony (having to focus very carefully on not letting the pleasurably painful I-just-got-screwed-all-night-by-Captain-America show in his gait) led the way to the communal kitchen, which had traditionally been where everyone had gathered back at Avengers Tower. Sure enough, the whole crew was spread around the room, some at the giant dining table, some cooking or retrieving foodstuffs from various cabinets or the fridge. Pepper and Natasha were the first to see them enter, the former nudging Rhodey, and Tony smiled at his two oldest friends, reassuring them that everything was alright. Judging by the knowing, almost salacious expressions he received in return, they were already well aware of just how
There was a click that signaled the end of the call and the workshop went quiet.
“No,” the blonde finally said, tremors of amusement still sporadically making themselves known, and Tony was placated enough to stop trying to lift his head from the pillow Steve's chest. “No, Tony, Bucky and I were never together. Even if I'd ever held any interest in him – and I never did! – I was like his little brother, he never would've seen me like that. Besides, I told him about you the first chance I got, once he was stable. I told him all about you: how wonderful and brilliant you are, how talented, how fierce and proud, how stubborn, how reckless.” There was fond teasing in his tone toward the end of the list. “I told him about the incredible things you create, the way you run yourself haggard to complete your work, the way you talk too much, the way you look when you're excited, and when you're fighting, and when you first wake up in the morning-”
Steve pushed open the office door and crossed the room at a crisp pace, the sound of his footsteps bringing his paramour's head up from its resting place on his arms; he noted the tie was still wrapped securely in place, even though Tony could have dislodged it with relative ease. The blonde circled around the desk, eyes raking over every inch of the body splayed over the tabletop, taking in the image with unmasked desire. He saw no evidence that his seed had run down tanned legs, the thought of it still buried within Tony enough to spark a fire in the pit of his stomach, increased twofold when he saw that the restrained man was already hard for him.
Tony's eyes burned and his throat went achingly tight.
“I'm so sorry,” he rushed out, voice threatening to break on the words. He swallowed and soldiered on. “I'm so sorry for
“Thanks. I'll, uh, be going now.”
Alone, finally, with the man he'd been dying to see for so long he could hardly remember a time before, Tony felt all the things he'd been wanting to say bubble up in his throat and flood across his tongue, ready to issue forth.
Finally sated, exhausted and sore (at least on Tony's part), Stark found himself curled against Steve's side, head cradled in the juncture of one broad shoulder, floating in the bliss clouding his mind. He made a soft sound of contentment as calloused fingers idly traced randoms patterns over his ribs and down his back, an easy smile blooming across his lips, growing impossibly wider as a sweet kiss was pressed to his head.
“Alright. Uh, well, this channel is always active. So if anything goes sideways, anyone is making trouble where they shouldn’t, comes through me.” the redhead told them.
Natasha listened as Rocket reported his activities so far. She cut her peanut butter sandwich in a triangle, nodding.
Then, he realized. Cassie might be on here. Hope. Hank. No. No, no, no.
The knob on the front door wiggled a bit and opened to reveal a grumpy looking man, holding a bag.
“Mhm,” Tony hummed. “Watched your Papa draw, huh?”
“Trying to win him over today, love?” Steve asked when he made it to the kitchen. “He’s painting with me this afternoon, remember.”
“Okay, so the how works. We gotta figure out the when and the where. Almost all of us had an encounter with at least one of the six Infinity Stones.” Steve led.
Steve’s heart broke at the sight of Tony’s watery eyes, tears spilling and making their way to the white sheets of his bed.
“Sorry. We got enough for one round trip each. That’s it. No do-overs. Plus two test runs.” He accidentally pressed the button on his suit, shrinking and going back to his regular size. “One rest run.”
Happy rolled his eyes, exasperated. “Why couldn’t he be a little more like Steve?”
“So who do we talk to about this?”
“Do we have a visual? How are we handling it?” Natasha asked.
“Had bad dream. Can sleep with you and daddy?” Peter mumbled.
“Kid! Hey, kid!” Scott called, making the boy stop the bike and turn around. “What the hell happened here?”
Tony pouted. “Why the long face? Let me guess- he turned into a baby.”
lost."
father. So he’d have to be brave.
“As far as promises go, that was pretty lame.”
“I hope he doesn’t dance like you when he’s older,” Steve said from the kitchen where he was washing dishes.
Bruce scratched his head, looking around at the different buttons in front of him. “What’s going on?”
Leaving on their ultimate, and hopefully last mission, the Avengers plan on making this count, while Peter, Pepper, and Happy spend time together.
“Ear-nose-throat meets rabbit from a hat.” Tony answered.
“He’s kidding!” Natasha covered, nodding reassuringly at the man who had his back to the Quantum Tunnel. She then looked at Bruce. “You can’t say things like that!” she told him in a hushed tone, though cracked a small smile.
Nebula looked up at him. "I would like to try again." Tony nodded, and they continued playing.
“Five years ago, we lost. All of us. We lost friends. We lost family. We lost a part of ourselves. Today we have a chance to take it all back. You know your teams, you know your missions. Get the stones, get them back. One round trip each. No mistakes. No do-overs. Most of us are going somewhere we know. But it doesn’t mean we should know what to expect. Be careful. Look out for each other. This is the fight of our lives. And we’re gonna win.” He shared a smile with his husband. “Whatever it takes. Good luck.”
“Would you be able to sleep after?”
“That’s awesome. I brought you something, by the way,” he said, waving the bag around.
The man rubbed his hand over his son’s small back, comforting him and telling him that him and his dad were safe and they would never let themselves get defeated.
“Cooper? Where are my headphones?” Lila called.
Natasha grinned at her friends. “See you in a minute.”
Tony put his hands over his mouth, almost shaking. “Shit!”
Rocket motioned to the small Benatar in Clint’s hand. “You promise to bring that back in one piece, right?”
The man immediately dropped his pencil and gave Tony his undivided attention.
“Auntie Nat!”
“We got him.” Steve had said, his voice not as excited as it should have been.
“All right.” Scott told himself. “I’m not ready for this.”
Tony opened his door and stepped out, and Steve did so too.
Tony started losing sleep again. It wasn’t as much as he lost 8 years ago, but it was about an hour. Steve would be lying if he didn’t find it adorable. Tony would sit in front of Peter’s crib, watching his son fall asleep, his small chest rising at every breath he took. It was beautiful to see his child there, breathing and resting right in front of him.
“Doctor Strange.” Bruce said, lying on the floor while Natasha and Tony lied on the table.
“You know, despite everything-“
Bruce ignored his question, turning to Clint. “Alright, Clint. We’re going in… 3…2…1!”
“We got a shot at getting these stones, but we gotta tell you our priorities.” Tony told the redhead.
“Hear that, Petey?” Tony mock whispered to his son, who was in his arms. “I think Agent Romanoff’s gotten attached to your chubby cheeks.”
“It’s probably a rival gang.”
“Scott, calm down.” Rhodey said gently.
“Holy- What- Hold on. My baby is on his two legs. He’s using them. He’s walking. And you aren’t holding his hand. Why aren’t you holding his hand? Oh my god. Where’s my camera? FRIDAY, you recording this?” Tony panicked.
“Right.”
“This has to be a recorded message,” she murmured to herself, walking toward the footage.
“No, he lived in Toronto.” Tony corrected.
Scott looked up from his taco that had lost everything inside from the force of wind. “Uh, kitchen, I think.” He focused on Nebula. “That’s awesome,” he whispered to himself.
The other man nodded, wiping his hands. “Yeah, lets just hope he’s not knee deep in the lake.”
“Look at that. My little man over there is standing up for me. At least someone cares about me in this household.”
“Yeah, can you bring him back?” Natasha interrogated.
“Will do,” Steve chuckled.
Natasha teared up at the thought of her best friend doing so many horrid things.
"Keep bouncing your knee and you won't be able to run to Tony when you see him." Natasha raised her eyebrow at the super soldier.
“Is that
Not three seconds after, they had all shrunk and entered the Quantum Realm, many of them separating and going to different times in their history. They couldn’t mess this up- it might be their second chance but that was all they were going to get.
“Uncle Happy you have a
Bruce looked around and whispered back. “I have no idea! We’re talking about time travel here. Either it’s all a joke, or none of it is.” He looked back to Scott and gave him a thumbs up. “We’re good! Get your helmet on, Scott. I’m gonna send you back a week, let you walk around for an hour, then bring you back in ten seconds. Makes sense?”
Peter’s sad face broke into a grin with two bottom teeth showing. His small hands started clapping too, and his giggles filled the excited room.
he’d have to remind Tony. Though he wouldn’t listen.
Amused, Pepper gave Peter a high five. “Clever, Pete.”
“It better be the latter, Stark.” Natasha warned.
“I understand. I would tell Tony that we had to get through this together. That we needed to move on and grow. But I can’t stop thinking about
She sat up straighter in her chair. “What were you gonna ask me?”
“Clearly, your friend is fine.” Natasha said.
“How can I calm down?” Tony yelled. “What if Peter doesn’t like his nursery? What if he decides that he hates me when he’s older? What if I start acting like- well, you know.”
Pepper spoke up. "Happy's taking care of some things inside."
Natasha cut in. “You get a reading on those tremors?” she directed at Okoye’s hologram.
“Yeah. Why’d you call?”
“So…” Scott looked disappointed. “Back to the Future is a bunch of bullshit?”
Everybody walked to the platform, and once in their positions, their head covered their body.
“Only to make conversation,” she responded.
He chuckled. “You like going to the garage, huh?” He picked up Peter and started walking to the house. “Well so does daddy. It’s fine, actually. Just don’t tell your pops or he’ll launch me into the Mariana Trench and run away with you.”
It was especially devastating for Tony.
Nebula made another goal. "And you've won. Congratulations." The genius shook her hand. "Fair game. Good sport. Have fun?"
Scott adjusted himself in the suit, which was actually similar to his Ant-Man one.
"And Steve... I know we had a rough couple of years," Tony took a breath, eyes squeezing shut at the memory that haunted his dreams, "but I hope you forgive me. For lashing out like that. He's your best friend. Your war buddy. I was just angry, confused, scared. I think I've come to terms with it. The whole mind-control thing.  HYDRA is one son of a bitch. I see why you did it, and I respect you, Steve. As both Captain America and Steve Rogers. I don't know if I can fully forgive you for anything, but I know we could've gone past it. I used to hope that we could go back to what we were someday. I'm not sure if that's gonna happen; unless you send a god more powerful than Thor. But since we know there isn't a big chance of that happening, know that I don't blame you for anything. Maybe just for the destroyed suit and shield part, but we both could've talked it out. So when I'm gone... don't feel bad about it. Don't blame yourself. We all know you have an enormous guilt complex sometimes. I just want you to know that I love you. And when I drift off, I'll be thinking about you.
“Don’t be jealous, Nat, the shield was an anniversary present.” He patted her shoulder, causing her to roll her eyes. “You get the bag. Lots of nice little gadgets in here, cooler than those outdated ones you have in the closet. Use them wisely, it took me a while to make all of these. Those widow bites really sting you, don’t they?”
“It’s a baby.” Natasha deadpanned. “Seriously?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hot Tub Time Machine!” the other man pointed out.
“I think I’m gonna need a minute.” Steve went to leave, but before he could take one step, he felt a tug on his hand. No words were spoken, but Steve had spent the rest of the day listening to his ex-boyfriend’s broken cries and doubts. His stories, and his confusion. In the end, as hard as it was, they discussed Siberia. They both answered and asked questions. Cleared things up. Tony understood the friendship with Bucky, similar to his friendship with Rhodey. Steve understood the lack of trust that he'd have to gain back.
“Oh, god!” Scott shouted.
He took a bite out of his sandwich and beamed. “Papa said that I’m intu… intituitive!” he shouted proudly, still unsure about the word.
“Good, because if we blow the grid, I don’t wanna lose Tiny here in the 1950’s.” Bruce joked.
Until Tony and Steve started cheering as loud as they could. Steve was clapping loudly and Tony was throwing his fists in the air.
“Come on, it's
A certain Spider might make an appearance next chapter.
One name crossed Natasha’s mind.
“It’s been five years, Nat.” Steve reminded her.
“Is that what you’re calling this? Killing all these people isn’t gonna bring your family back.” She argued gently. “We found something. A chance, maybe.”
Steve sighed. “We got really lucky.”
“Bingo.” Clint agreed.
“What? Wait, for the…” Steve trailed off.
Steve nodded. “Of course, baby.” He lifted the boy onto his and his husband’s bed, tucking him in the middle.  Steve pauses when he heard Tony shuffle a bit. “You wanna tell me about your bad dream?”
The usually put-together man sighed shakily, leaning back into Steve. "Did everyone- the team, did they-"
‘As flattering as the proposition is I’m not on the market for marriage I’m afraid,’ Tony quips, ignoring his partner’s frown.
‘Boss? I’m picking up something entering Earth’s atmosphere. Its approaching New York.
‘No offense, Tony, but how do we know the kid can keep his cool during a firefight? He didn’t exactly fill me with confidence with that runaway mouth of his,’ Sam’s voice is calmer now.
Bucky just shakes his head. ‘How do you…how do you tell someone you remember that? After everything I’ve done. Everything I’ve done to
‘If anyone tries to stop me spending a day in the hot tub after this I am going to unleash a whole new kind of hell on them.’
Bucky nods showing he understands what Tony is saying, though he doesn’t look particularly convinced of the truth in the statement. Though honestly, Tony is not sure he’s making the most sense.
