“Oi! He doesn’t have to prove himself to you lot.” John laughed warningly, wrapping a possessive arm around Sherlock’s waist, pulling him flush against his side. “Sherlock is more than romantic when it counts.”
“Sherlock…” John breathed, not quite believing he was hearing Sherlock give voice to everything he himself felt on a near daily basis.
“Come? Come where?” Sherlock frowned, a small crease forming between his eyebrows.
“Hey, John,” Mike said, pulling John aside as the party was breaking up and heading out for various other forms of celebrations, “I’m planning on staying with Becca tonight, so you and Sherlock can have the room to yourselves if the two of you wanted too…” he trailed off.
“I know you are.” John said quietly. “And I feel I owe you an apology as well.”
harder!” He cried.
Well, if it was a coma dream, he might as well make the most of it.
Had he been alone, Sherlock would surely have declined – as he was sorely tempted to – but John seemed to actually like the idea of eating, so Sherlock found himself sat at his partially cleared off kitchen table while his landlady attempted to get to know his one night stand.
“But that protein has a completely different name,” John countered, “so no one should get their functions confused.”
didn't
To say that Sherlock found it difficult to concentrate on anything other than fresh from a run John – collapsed in his chair, or standing before the open refrigerator drinking a bottle of water, or doing anything really – would have been a gross understatement. In those moments, Sherlock wanted to abandon whatever experiment or case he had before him, and simply pull John on top of him, or press John up against the nearest wall, bury his face just under John’s jaw, and just… Honestly, sometimes he hated John for reawakening his long dormant libido.
“As I knew we would.”
“Because I found you gainful employment, and without me you never would have passed second semester Organic Chemistry in Uni”
“Right,” John nodded, walking further into the room and stopping a few paces short of the man. “You know, I’ve got a phone. It’s not that I don’t like the pageantry of all this, but, uh… you could have just phoned me. On my phone. I’m sure you have the number.”
Smiling to himself, John replies:
“What can I say? You have decades of data to collect, so I thought you’d like to get a head start.”
“Just watch me.”
of his pen driving Sherlock insane.
A wry look in his eye, Sherlock smirked. “Piss off.”
“Really? Lots and lots of sex?” Shit, John was going to do him in right there.
Relocated to the waiting room from earlier in the day, Sherlock absentmindedly rubbed his wrists where the metal had cut into his skin, as he told his father everything his search had turned up, or rather, hadn’t turned up. Thankfully his father just listened and let Sherlock speak, but Sherlock could see him filing all the information away. This was good, with both his parents on his side, Sherlock was sure the inevitable investigation would run smoother, and John would be found sooner.
“Well, that’s how you should do it, friends first. That always makes it feel more special.”
“Because pretty soon after we met, I distinctly remember someone telling me that he was committed to his career and not relationships.”
“Don’t talk like that, don’t even think like that.” Sherlock choked. “Our plan
“You’re a good man, John.”
“Five minutes, and you couldn’t figure out how to ask? I wouldn’t broadcast that, John.”
“Fine…” John whispered, “it’s Hamish.”
And just so you know, I did a google search of "neat bee facts" when writing this chapter. That's how dedicated I am to this story.
“Nonsense! I told you we’d make those arseholes regret messing with you, and I intend to keep my word!”
Suddenly Sherlock smiled like the cat that got the cream, as he he’d found his trump card. “But I have classes tomorrow. Surely you aren’t suggesting I skip classes, are you?”
“Mine too,” John replied softly. “And every day since. I love you, Sherlock Holmes. With my whole heart, I love you.”
John huffed out a laugh. “You weren’t kidding.”
The rest of the lab passed uneventfully without any more discussion of whether or not Sherlock was worried, or if people’s statements were strong enough, and before he knew it, it was time to pack up and go. Sherlock was just debating whether to stop by Dr. Waller’s office to ask him about some contradictory results, or just head back to the flat to wait for John, when he walked outside to find John sitting against the opposite wall.
“Is it a good thing or a bad thing?” John huffed, rolling his eyes. Really, what went on in Sherlock’s absurd head? “It’s a very good thing! I want everyone to see how wonderful you are. Though I couldn’t give a toss if someone did disapprove, I’ll love you all the same.” Love, he liked saying love.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fine,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, and grabbing his wrist, pulled Jack back onto the bed and on top of him, “he’s the best lay I ever had. He ruined me for any and all other men. Is that better?”
” It has been a couple of years since John last sucked a man off – not since… well not since Afghanistan – but he clearly hadn’t lost any of his skills.
*******
“I lured you out with me on the promise of lunch,” Sherlock replied, “and what kind of friend would I be if I were to renege on my word?”
“About what?”
Oh, of course, the upcoming party. It was always about the party. There were times Sherlock could almost forget about it – and John’s inevitable departure – never entirely, but almost. Then John would do or say something that made it come roaring to the forefront of his thoughts.
“No, same name, same configuration. But I don’t care about the order. It’s up to you, whatever you want.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You again.” Sherlock sneered. “What do you want now?”
“Thank you.” John said quietly, closing his hand around the tags. The metal that was once warmed by Sherlock chest as it hung over his heart, now cold against John’s skin.
“Because of what, John?”
When Lestrade rolled his eyes at them, that only made things worse, or perhaps better. Frankly, Sherlock didn’t really care which one it was, all that mattered was that he could add stakeouts to the list of things that John’s presence made better.
Shit. “The school has one of the top ranked teams, and you play a starting position.” Sherlock mumbled. “You have to be good.”
This kiss, this kiss was… dear Jesus, how had he almost let nerves stop him from pursuing this? Sherlock would willingly spend the rest of his life kissing John, and being kissed by John. He let out a long, drawn out moan; a lifetime of John’s lips and tongue exploring his mouth didn’t seem like enough, it would never be enough. One hundred years, one hundred and twenty-five, one hundred and fifty years could pass, and he’d still never tire of John Watson’s mouth, of John Watson’s arms holding him, of John Watson’s body pressed against his, of John Watson.
A minute or so after the door slammed shut, locking John in, a tray with a hunk of bread and some cold meat, slid through the slot at the bottom of the door, along with a bottle of water.
of his crutches on the floor was almost enough to drive John up the wall. When he finally settled for the couch, he then proceeded to click through the tabs on his computer with far more force than necessary, and by John’s calculations, sighed, huffed, or tutted roughly once every thirty-eight seconds.
“Oh.” Sherlock turned back to face John, his sulk melted away, “I thought that was fairly obvious. I read the inscription on your phone while it was charging.”
“For both of us?” John asked quietly.
“Five minutes? You counted?” John counted!
Who has two thumbs, thinks she can speak French but really can't, and loves getting comments and/or corrections?
“Ok, so what is the issue?”
“Just take a seat. I’ve already let Mr. Holmes know you’re here, and he’ll be out of his meeting in about five minutes.” Mr. Holmes’ personal assistant led Sherlock and his mother through the back corridors of a nondescript building, on a nondescript street, to his father’s office.
“Bruised and limpy? Is that an official medical term?” Sherlock chuckled, cracking his first smile in probably months.
John let out a shaky breath and took Sherlock’s face in his hands. “It doesn’t sound ridiculous at all,” he said, his voice barely above a whisper, and kissed Sherlock again. The kiss was soft and slow, bordering on chaste as compared to those that came before, but it was deliberate. John tried to pour everything he felt into that kiss. He used that kiss to tell Sherlock that he saw him for who he really was, and not the façade he put on for everyone else. He used that kiss to tell Sherlock that he wasn’t alone anymore and that was all because of Sherlock. He used that kiss to tell Sherlock that everything Sherlock felt for him, he felt for Sherlock. And while it was too early to say the actual words out loud yet, John used that kiss to tell Sherlock that he was in love with him, wholly, completely, and irrevocably in love with him. When John finally pulled back, breaking the kiss, the look on Sherlock’s face told him that he got his message across.
“Oh, yes…hah, right.” Sherlock wasn’t used to someone ‘yanking his chain’, someone teasing him without malice behind it, but there wasn’t a shred of malice in John open, honest smile. “You – ah – you didn’t answer my question. What’s going on at Bart’s?”
“But in order to get back,” Becca said jumping in, “we have to actually go away. We don’t want to be too late getting to your parent’s place.” Bless her, bless everything she touches, and bless everything she does in life. John could have honestly hugged her in that moment.
Not bothering to answer, Sherlock grabbed John by the hand and dragged him along the stone path, following the signs to the Poison Garden. Only, when they finally arrived in front of a large iron gate – complete with skull and crossbones and dire warnings of death – there was a small sign posted out front.
Sherlock’s deep laugh echoed off the tiled walls, practically filling the entire room. “Consider that payback for these ghastly shorts.”
“But it’s still light outside. I’ve never had bedtime when the sun is still out.” Sherlock pouted, swaying a bit on his feet. He had slept the entire cab ride over, but like the six foot toddler he was, was insisting he ‘didn’t sleep’ and ‘wasn’t tired.’
“Ha. Yes.” Sherlock said through a tight smile.
“Going on? There’s nothing going on.”
“I could be wrong… but I think that’s none of your business.”
“Consulting detective.”
“But then I met you, and you changed everything. For the first time in my life I didn’t want to be alone because I found someone who I not only wanted to have in my life, but also seemed to make it better, who made me better. You are brave, kind, and understanding. You are patient when I am not. You are considerate where I am dismissive. So what you see in me, I will never know; but you must see something, because you accept my flaws, and never hold them against me. You never tried to change me, only to understand me, and in doing so you changed me for the better. You showed me that caring is not a disadvantage, as I so long believed, but rather it is the greatest advantage to have as long as you care for the right person. And you are that person, John, my right person. You are my heart and my humanity. Every ounce of goodness I have within me is due to you, due to your loyalty and your friendship.”
“A little clarification never hurt, and saying it out loud helps
Lestrade and Molly both stopped by for visits, and both seemed surprised to find John there, but both warmed to him immediately. Sherlock tried – and failed – not to roll his eyes when John talked about “how nice his friends are”, once they’d left. Mrs. Hudson came by as well – treats in hand – and Sherlock got the extra treat of seeing the look of shock and surprise on John’s face when he was enveloped by one of Mrs. Hudson’s shockingly strong hugs. John’s look of shock and surprise when he learned that the elderly woman clinging to him while weeping her thanks for “saving her boy” was not in fact Sherlock’s mother, but his landlady, was the proverbial icing.
John watched with his heart in his throat as Sherlock opened himself up, biting his lip and moaning as he breached himself with one, two, three fingers. Sherlock was beautiful, an otherworldly creature John didn’t feel worthy to touch, but he could touch him. Sherlock was his, and only his to touch.
"Most likely yes. Based on what you’ve told me of him, he sounds incredibly perceptive. His playing is probably his way of offering comfort. By not making any mention of it, that may be him trying to respect your privacy. Your nightmares are deeply personal, and if you’ve yet to mention them to him, I’d imagine that’s why he’s not saying anything either.”
Sherlock just hummed, burrowing a bit deeper into his mother’s embrace. He’d sooner cut out his own tongue than admit it, but having his mother with him, holding him, willing to drop everything to support him, did more for him than he could put into words. Then again, expressing gratitude and emotions were never his strong suit.
“Mmmm.” Hummed John. “Keep doing that, it feels amazing.”
“This is John Watson.”
“Yeah, I do. And yes, I’ll tag along on cases when you need me.”
"Fine, you want to help? You want to know
“But?”
“Oh god, yes. We need to have sex, lots and lots of sex,” Sherlock groaned.
“Alright, I have to know, how’s it been living with Sherlock?” Lestrade asked, following John into the kitchen.
“Sure you weren’t.” John grinned, dark blue eyes shining. God he was beautiful.
“You’re my first too – my first doing this – I’m sure – Please, I’m ready – Please don’t stop – I want this – I want you.” Sherlock said, kissing John soundly over and over again, and pressing a little foil packet into his hand.
Of course, it was all for the anniversary party, it was all for his date. John was putting in extra effort, and it certainly wasn’t to impress his old university friends. It was for the faceless woman, he wanted the night to be special for her. Sherlock’s chest felt suddenly hollow.
“Made you more normal? Your sort of friend sounds like a right dick if you ask me.” John chuckled.
“Oh, of course.”
He left that part unsaid.
“You’re damn right I am! Now come here and let me prove to you once and for all, just who’s the love of my life.”
Sherlock honestly couldn’t care less about his injuries, how he was ‘
“I don’t know if I could get used to all the nicknames.” He continued, attempting to shake off his doubts. “You’re ‘Three-C’, Paul is ‘Phantom’, Mike is ‘McCoy’, and apparently I’m ‘Thursday’ now. It’s all a bit much.”
With the West Barlow Road footage being analyzed for any evidence of tampering, which there had to be, and with the assurance of complete privacy in Mr. Holmes’ office, Sherlock got to work reviewing the recordings of Leicester Square. He had a thirty-five hour window – the time between when he watched John walk away, and when John’s phone was discovered – in which he had to look, to find something to point to John’s location, or his captors. With his mother watching various angles of the square, Sherlock focused on the single camera pointed directly at the bin where they found John’s phone.
“Oh yeah. Yeah, of course. It’s up the stairs and on the right. I haven’t been in there since yesterday.” Finally, the first decent, right thing he’s done, Sherlock thought, and made to follow Lestrade and Evans up the stairs.
See you Monday,
“People do it all the time, it’s no big deal. Besides,” John said, tightening his arms around Sherlock’s torso, “we’re about to be married, and I think I rather like the idea of officially incorporating my future husband – the most important person in my life, the love of my life – into my identity.”
We’re getting –
“Honey, we checked from all angles, it was a complete blind spot.” Mrs. Holmes said, in an attempt to sooth Sherlock, but it was not working.
“You feel –
And just like that it was like he had plunged into a pool of ice water, John’s chest tightened, every muscle seized still. “What happened?”
“Yeah, you became the evidence!” John snickered. “Sorry, that was kind of in poor taste. No offence.”
“Yeah, and I know I have more fun with you, hanging out, pestering the Yard, trying to convince you a basic knowledge of literature might come in handy, or whatever, than I do with anyone else.  So less than six months or not, you’re my best friend.”
John laughed. “You’re a bit of a bastard, you know that?”
Not bothering to answer, John’s grin only broadened. Though that was answer enough. John was… Oh, John was very good.
From: prw47@uwestminster.edu
“What do you mean?” John frowned. “That was me taking you to dinner to celebrate today’s win.”
“You did, but only because I tricked you into thinking it was your idea, but nevermind that now,” Sherlock replied, grabbing the pajamas from John’s hands, and throwing them towards the corner chair. “If you’d be so kind as to remove that towel, I believe you have some husbandly duties to attend to.” He finished, pulling John on to the bed with a growl.
“Nearly forty percent of his blood volume.”
“And you think you’ll notice something I haven’t?” Sherlock scoffed. He knew he shouldn’t be so rude, but honestly.
“Thanks Mr. Holmes, Mrs. Holmes.”
“I may not understand why, but I do know that people generally find me attractive.”
They grind against each other for what feels like hours, but is most likely only minutes, before Sherlock hands slip into John’s pants, starting to pull them down.
Sherlock bounced on the balls of his feet as car after car passed him by. He was late, oh he was so late. The one time he was unable to hail a cab, and it had to be now. He was just starting to consider the Tube – he really didn’t want to take the Tube, it was sure to take even longer to get him there – when a cab finally stopped for him.
“No, tell me.”
“It’s up on the second floor and at the end of the hall. Apparently, it’s very private,” he added, giving Sherlock a wink, and headed for the stairs.
“Was that really necessary?” Sherlock tried to sounding exasperated, which would have been far easier if he weren’t suppressing a relieved grin. “You could have just said to meet you at ten.”
“I don’t need help.” Sherlock said with a sneer. “You can go now.”
John winced as Sherlock ripped open the ruined shirt and applied pressure to the wound. “I’m fine.” His voice was strained.
“Who are you, how are you doing this?” John demanded.
“I don’t know, I think my type is changing.” She was rather pretty, and perhaps a few years ago he’d go for it, but now…
As always, I love to hear your comments, corrections, and thoughts in general!
“Did what? Oh wait, did you finally figure out who’s been leaving Mr. Mccullough those freaky notes?”
“He’s still alive, Sherlock. John’s alive, but he needs medical attention immediately. You have to let go.”
“St. Bart’s hospital? What’s at St. Bart’s hospital?” Sherlock asked, dropping down into the seat next to John.
“Absolutely,” John grinned. “Visiting your parents, seeing where you grew up, your childhood bedroom, that sounds fantastic.” And then John was kissing him again.
“Ok.” John hummed as Sherlock finally gave in and drifted off to sleep
“Good, because Sherlock,” John said quietly, gently pulling Sherlock face to meet his, “I find that I’m experiencing some exceedingly fond feelings for you too”
“Oh, I do like a man who’s humble.” John teased.
“Johnny! What’re you doing hiding over here?” Came Bill Murray’s booming voice, as he slid next to John.
~***~
“Don’t –
“Please, Mr. Watson. I’d prefer it if we could sit.” And for some reason, though he doesn't want to, John finds himself sitting across from his kidnapper.
“She’s read my blog, and she was at the wedding where apparently, it was, and I quote; glaringly obvious I belonged with the best man and not the bride. She also said something about undeniable chemistry.”
“I’m not saying you have to be locked away. I’m not keeping you prisoner in here or anything.”
“Now how am I supposed to know whether or not I want you to fuck off?” Sherlock asked, cocking his eyebrow; people always seemed to like when he cocked his eyebrow. “I think that’s going to depend entirely on what you have to say.”
But don't worry, it's not too bad. Not beat your chest, "Why God, why?" angst.
Sherlock’s eyes remained closed when they reluctantly parted some time later – though boring, breathing eventually become absolutely necessary – and those perfect lips were gorgeously kiss swollen. John couldn’t help himself and let out a breath of laughter as he rested his forehead against Sherlock’s.
“Sherlock, Sherlock happens. The dreams set in, I’m struggling to save some poor kid, or I’m just about to feel the bullet enter my shoulder, when I hear the violin. He’s downstairs, playing the violin, and it pulls me out of the nightmare, and it reminds me that I’m home, that I’m not over there anymore.”
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock! You can’t tamper with evidence. You’re going to get us arrested!” John hisses, but he’s already moving towards the officers, ready to divert their attention.
“And you may want to speak with your husband.” Sherlock added.
John would have loved to take more than just an eye for what they’d done. Actually, his first plan was to find them one by one, sprain both wrists, break four ribs, make both eyes swell shut, and then castrate them all for good measure. Nobody needed them in the gene pool.
Laughing, John ran his hands up Sherlock’s chest to rest them on Sherlock’s shoulders. “I can not believe I’m about to finally get into the bed of the gorgeous man I’ve been wanting for ages, and we’re just going to sleep”, he said, shaking his head.
“Well what about your dad? Surely he has some sway too. Didn’t you say he holds a ‘minor position in the British Security Service?’ And Mycroft, he’s rising through the government ranks at an alarming pace.” This couldn’t be the end of it. They couldn’t let the piece of filth using Mummy and Daddy to get him and his friends out of trouble, not when it was something this serious.
“The best.” Sherlock breathed.
“Good,” Sherlock moaned, the press of one strong thigh between his legs immediately redirecting his blood flow, “so now would you please get rid of that hideous dressing gown, and make love to me this instant, Dr. Holmes!”
For close to twenty minutes John rode in silence, until the car finally pulled up in front of what looked like a private club, and the man from before, once again opened the door and motioned for him to go inside. Once inside, John was then greeted by another man in a suit who lead him through various hallways, until they reached an ornate oak door. The man rapped three times before quickly scurrying away.
So it was decided, John was moving in with Sherlock, he was moving into a flat sight unseen. But it wasn’t like it had to be forever, if they didn’t work as flatmates, or the flat was uninhabitable, he could just move out. He didn’t have to stay, his current bedsit was paid up through the end of next month, it’d be fine. And if did work out, then that was great. He and Sherlock did seem to get along; in the short time they’d known each other, John had grown to really enjoy spending time with the mad detective. It could definitely work.
At the moment, Sherlock was sat in the lab at Bart’s reading over the victim’s toxicology report, while John was in the mortuary having a look at the body. Just as they were about to leave Baker Street, Lestrade got a text saying that one of the not Molly pathologist – Sherlock didn’t see the point in bothering to learn their names – had finished up the post mortem, and Sherlock decided to it was best to start there before heading over to the scene of crime, or scene of possible crime as the case may be.
“Hey, is there something else?” John asked, scooting closer to Sherlock.
“I’ve found ways to manage.”
“Right… so I’m going to bring my hand together like this,” John explained, clutching his hands together above Sherlock’s forearms. “And I just jerk them down. See, it’s enough force to break your grip! Added bonus, you’re now a bit off balance, so I could probably sweep your leg, giving me more time to make a break for it.”
“Either.” Sherlock hummed, sliding even closer to John, which actually was saying something. “Just as long as they’re your arms and my arms, and no one else’s.”
“That’s probably wise.” Sherlock nodded. “So, how do we go about this?”
“You’ve been busy doing the actual investigation.” Molly tried to comfort him, it didn’t work. God, he might have had John home already if he had just thought logically for a second. He wasted so much time dealing with individuals when he could have mobilized all of London. Idiot, failing John at every turn. John deserved so much better than him.
~***~
Attraction dulls the mind, lovely. John did not need to be reminded of Sherlock’s stance on affection and relationships.
Sherlock tried again… and again, and each time his elbow remained in place, and each time John’s grip held fast.
“It’s been… Yeah, it’s been good. No, really, it’s good,” John said when Lestrade quirked an eyebrow. “The flat itself is great, Mrs. Hudson is possibly the nicest and most accommodating landlady I’ve ever met, and Sherlock’s…” he thought for a minute as to how to best put it. “Ok, Sherlock’s a bit of a demanding flatmate, I’m helping him out more than I normally would, but that’s understandable given his leg. But honestly, we’re getting along great. Living with him, hanging around with him, it’s nice, it’s easy. Sherlock’s great company, when he’s not bored that is.”
“Well let’s see, for one, you questioned and corrected everything. And second, I thought you were the most attractive man I’d ever set eyes on. So I’d say that’s hard to ignore.”
Had he stuck around? “Well as you can see, I’m bandaged, and confined to bed by this infernal contraption.” Sherlock said, waving at the cage encircling his leg. “But, I’ve been assured by my doctors that I will make a full recovery.”
“So why do you hate Hamish?” Sherlock asked, pushing his otherness to the back of his mind.
The sound of Sherlock’s stomach grumbling was enough to make John break the kiss. “Was that…” he started, clearly trying to fight off a giggle.
He carefully took hold of Sherlock’s hand, the one without any needles or tubes or monitors attached. His hand was warm, the skin on the back of it was soft and smooth – Sherlock had such surprisingly smooth skin – but it lay limp in John’s grasp.
“Oh, you don’t have to do that, you’ve already done what Miss Sissons told you to do. Wouldn’t you rather continue the football game with your friends anyway?”
– never thought I’d say this – but thank god for football.” Sherlock panted, bucking his hips, struggling but not really struggling in John’s hold.
“Who knows, maybe he had his own John to chase after him and love him.”
“Is he the one who –”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well welcome to the madhouse, Sherlock!” Peter grinned. “Take a seat! Have a drink! If you’re a friend of John’s you’ll definitely be needing one.”
“Don’t understand why…” John mumbled under his breath, shaking his head.
“For now, but this isn’t over.”
“Yeah, distance can kill things.” John sighs
“Come on, sweetie, now it really is time for you to get to bed. You need your sleep.” Getting up slowly, Sherlock let his mother guide him from the living room. He had no doubt she would have carried him otherwise. “I’m going to stay with him tonight, Richard.” She said quietly as they passed his father.
Raising his eyebrow, the man walked over to the desk, and began flipping through a file, ostensibly looking something up.
Head still reeling from his aborted climax, it took Sherlock several seconds to register that Jack was speaking. “What?”
Sherlock did not blush.
“Well you know what they say about absence and the heart; he’s romanticized you. It’ll never last Sherlock,
John’s light tone slipped way. “They hit you, they hurt you. I don’t really care what Moriarty does to me. I’ve lasted two months here, I can withstand anything he tries. But you… I’m not going to let him touch you again!” He growled.
~***~
Mrs. Hudson was stubborn – she’d have just kept after him until she found out what happened – so with a sense of resigned defeat, Sherlock told her exactly why John would never forgive him. He told her about the text message, and about accusing John of cheating. He told her about telling John that John’s only purpose was to ‘scratch an itch’, and that he was no longer welcome.
Yes, Sherlock's swimsuit IS the same one Benedict Cumberbatch has been photographed in multiple times. It's a great suit! Next time we see the boys finally out together on a case, and all the good stuff that comes with it!
“You don’t want to make millions of pounds, and have women throwing themselves at you?”
“A friend?” He frowned, he didn’t have any friends, not really.
Sherlock looked down at the screen, and sure enough there was a new alarm set for half nine the next morning:
going to be while our reception is going on. People will notice.”
“Best friend of the future first and only consulting detective in the world, I think this is a better feeling than today’s win!”
“That’s good, that’s good. Am I allowed to go back and see him, we do need to get a statement from him about what happened this afternoon.”
John shivered, dear God did he want to give in and allow Sherlock to tug him upstairs to Sherlock’s childhood bedroom, and just give in. “Just wait a little longer. Pretty soon we'll be at the hotel, in our suite, and our hands can go absolutely anywhere, everywhere.”
“Right, sorry.” John blushed.
Mycroft waited all night for a response, what were a couple more hours? Dropping his phone back on the table, Sherlock allowed John to guide him back to the comfortable confines of their bedroom, stopping only briefly to grab their tea and the tray of toast, eggs, and bacon. They had quite a bit of time to fill, and it certainly wouldn’t do for them to let their energy levels drop. Sherlock grinned as he left the bedroom door open;  perhaps now was the perfect opportunity to teach his meddlesome brother a lesson about the dangers of eavesdropping.
“Fast little suckers.”
Smiling, John shook his head “Ah, glad to hear it. Do want the honest answer?”
Sherlock grinned at him, and John grinned back. He could do this, he could live with just being friends with the most astonishing human being on the planet.
“Oh don’t be ridiculous,” John said, letting out a breath of laughter, “of course you have a heart. You have the most amazing heart.”
, with the greatest detective to ever live, I was bound to pick up a thing or two along the way.”
Thankfully the waitress finally seemed to take the hint when Sherlock didn’t react to her pressing her chest against his back as she put down his plate, and left them to eat their food in peace. He felt John’s chest against his back earlier in the evening, how could she ever hope to compare? How could anyone ever hope to compare?
*******
“Oh and John,” Sherlock smirked just as John was about to enter the bathroom to change, “if I may be presumptuous, should we decide to retire to only one of our flats after dinner this evening, might I suggest Baker Street? It’s closer to the restaurant, and its amenities are a bit more conducive to certain after dinner
“That could be, but isn’t it more likely that John wrote it before? That he’d planned to run away before, and now finally went through with it?”
“I don’t have friends, and I can look out for myself.”
to get a tad steamy. Enjoy
” Sherlock groaned. “You –
They laid there for a while, kissing slowly, John buried deep, Sherlock running his hands along John’s back, growing used to the fullness – the amazing, heart stopping fullness.
“You’d do that?” Sherlock’s voice was muffled as he spoke into John’s chest.
“I was going to say that if you need any help, that’s just tough, because I’m neither your nurse nor your nurse’s aid.”
I can't believe I wrote the word 'maths'. It felt so WRONG!!
“Joh…” The man’s eyes – Sherlock’s eyes – were wide with panic, and he was griping John’s wrist harder than John thought possible given the circumstances. “Don’t leave me here. I don’t want to –” Sherlock gave one final gasp, his eyes rolled back in his head, his grip slackened, and he slipped into unconsciousness.
The bite of the cold felt good on John’s face, it cleared his muddled head. As he walked towards the nearest tube station – thank Christ they got the Underground working again – he could breath, he could think again. Sherlock was right, he was an arsehole, but he was right. This weekend didn’t mean anything. They met at a club, and went home together. They never meant to be anything more than a one night stand. If the weather hadn’t turned, they never would have seen each other again, the entire day before would have never even happened. Anything John thought he might have been feeling, anything he thought Sherlock might have been feeling, it was all just a result of being stuck together.
“Well enough?!?” Jack gasped. “You’re an arsehole, you know that?” There was no bite, no real malice in his words, he was laughing.
“Ok, alright. What about your neck and your back, did you feel like anything got crushed?”
“You do know that’s official police evidence, right?” Lestrade said as Sherlock passed him. “You can’t just break the chain of custody like that.”
“That’s perfectly alright, these things take time. How about the job hunt, how is that going?”
“No, no. An enemy. If you were to ask Sherlock, I’m sure he’d tell you I’m his arch-enemy. He does so love to be dramatic.”
Becca was in near hysterics at that point. “Oh my god, yes!” She laughed, catching her breath. “If we had been two minutes later, I’m pretty sure we would have walked in on two very naked,
Once again, I love comments and corrections like Sherlock loves John.
“But it was successful, so it was clearly worth it, right?” He added, when he realized they were just staring at each other, neither one talking.
“You clearly used Sundays to catch up on any work you let slide over the course of the week,” Sherlock said, regaining some of his confidence with the observation, “so I guess Thursday evening.”
“But it’s different now, isn’t it? Friendship versus…
“John, I…” Sherlock’s eyes started to prickle and his throat felt thick. He had so much he wanted – needed – to say, but his mouth wasn’t cooperating. ‘
No, no, no. This was going all wrong. This wasn’t how it was meant to go. Oh God, he was messing everything up. No, no, no…
“Don’t care.” Sherlock’s voice was muffled as he sucked hard at a spot just under John’s jaw. “Want this. Want you.”
“I’d like to see you try.”
“So you guys going to do anything to celebrate? We should do something next week when I get back.”
As always, comments and corrections are more than welcome!!
“Oh no, John! No, I didn't mean that. I’m sorry, I didn't mean to imply...” Molly stammers
“Oh, like there’s anything any of your professors could teach you that you don’t already know.” John said, crossing his arms across his chest. For god’s sake, he had a sprained wrist which would make writing anything next to impossible. But John didn’t want to mention that, Sherlock would take it as a challenge. “Besides, I’ve already taken care of it for you.”
Again, comments and corrections are much appreciated.
“She was clearly an idiot, John.” Sherlock nodded, as if that settled the matter once and for all. “I’d say you dodged a bullet with that one, if you’ll pardon the phrase.”
“You sure?” John asks, moving to sit next to Sherlock.
“It is now, but I was following your exact instructions! Let me try again, now that I have a proper idea of what to do.”
“Great! The Carrows gym closes at eight, so meet me there around eight-thirty. Does that work?” Sherlock nodded. “Great. Well, I need to run to my office and switch books, so I should probably get going. You have  my number, just text me or something so I can get yours.” John’s grin seemed to envelop half his face. “Once we’re done, those jack-holes are going to regret the day they started messing with you, I guarantee it!” He added before starting for the exit.
And just like that, Sherlock felt as if a bucket of ice water had been dumped over his head, he felt a tightness in his chest as if his heart stuttered to a halt. John wanted to find a date, he wanted to take some unknown woman away with him to a party celebrating lasting love.
Sherlock grinned. “It’s what I do,” he hummed, and as John pressed their lips together, Sherlock could feel a few drops of moisture hit his cheek. Whether they were from John or him, he didn’t know. Probably both. It didn’t matter.
“They really wouldn’t. The way you figured that out… Fantastic, Sherlock. You know that, right? Really, really unbelievable. Amazing.”
“Idiots!” John scoffed. “I mean, even if it were an accident, what’s the harm in looking deeper? Why risk a murderer going free!”
“Not much. It’s just me and my sister now.”
“I’m not going in the pool.”
“He was working a case, and had me run the name of a guy he suspected of selling stolen pain medication on the black market.” Lestrade explained, keeping his voice calm and level. “He ran off to confront the suspect, and based what we’ve gathered, the man panicked. He had a knife, and he…” He didn’t bother to finish his sentence.
His thrusts became erratic as Sherlock’s muscles contracted, squeezing him impossibly tight, and Sherlock was coming, his body bowing off the bed, his release coating his stomach and chest. With Sherlock still contracting around him, calling out his name over and over, John’s own climax took him, his mind went blank, and he was coming harder than he had in years.
“Not earth shattering, but I'm feeling generous, so I’ll give you that one.” John said, folding his arms. “Four more.” He wasn’t actually sure whether or not he wanted Sherlock to name four more, or what he’d do if he did… or didn’t.
“Excellent! Lestrade,” Sherlock said, turning to the Detective Inspector who was jotting down notes, “I think it’s time we pay a visit to the late Ms. Stoner’s flat.”
but really, John had never been surer of anything as he was of marrying Sherlock. He was so ready to be married to Sherlock Holmes.
“You don’t have to get me anything. Like I said, it’s nothing much. It just reminded me of you. It’s not even really a Christmas present, if I had found it in April, I’d have given it to you then. The timing was just convenient for the holiday.”
Sherlock frowned. “Well, what else am I to wear?”
“Maybe I’ll do it more, because I like this.”
“You have.”
“Yes.” The man hummed. “So tell me, do you plan to continue your association with Sherlock Holmes?”
you asked me t –
Sherlock obviously didn’t mean anything by the kiss, he couldn’t have. He probably deduced John’s feelings in any one of a million different little ways, and the kiss was just the result of some misplaced sense of gratitude. No, Sherlock was half asleep and come morning, he was going realize what had happened, and John was going to have to suffer the awkward conversation of
“But?” Sherlock says, clearly egging John on.
“The lone non-idiot, that’d be me. But you can call me Greg.” Lestrade – Greg – said, offering John his hand. “This one here is always mumbling under his breath about how ‘John might like this’ or ‘maybe John will think this is interesting.’ If I’m being honest, I was starting to think he’d made up PA to keep track of all this thoughts.”
Liam. How… how are you –
Sherlock did eventually return to school, though he really only attended about half the time, often showing up late and leaving early. If he wasn’t already receiving top marks, the school would probably have taken issue with his lax attendance, but his assignments were completed and his quizzes were taken, so his teachers let it slide.
“Oh god, yeah. Your girlfriend’s waiting, don’t let me keep you.”
“I won’t. I won’t.” John mumbled, resting his forehead against Sherlock, brushing their lips together. “When you’re ready. When you’re ready.”
“I see.” Mycroft hummed, leaning back in his chair, a smirk on his perpetually smug face. “And was it cozy, your little private sleepover with John in the inn. I do hope Mr. Watson isn’t a snorer; that does tend to spoil the mood.”
Internet still not working, but I have my computer with me at work and it's a slow day so I'm posting a wee bit earlier for you guys.
“I’m certainly no stranger to doing some pretty ridiculous things just because of a pretty face,” John huffed. Agreeing to flatshare with a man after only knowing him a week, for one, and then following said man to countless crime scenes, for another, he silently mused. “But at least I have enough common sense to tell me that ‘The Red-Headed League’ is complete shite.”
Lunch goes surprisingly well. Mike tells him about teaching at Bart’s, and they joke how they were never as egotistical or as much of know-it-alls as the students these days are. He also tells John that he and his wife are expecting their first child in the spring. When asked if there is anyone special in his life, John just shrugs it off, saying that life in the army wasn't really conducive to maintaining a relationship. After that, they get down to business, Mike giving him the names of several places looking for doctors. John insists he’s not qualified for trauma medicine anymore, so they focus on clinics.
Fun? Fun for whom? John was going to go off and woo someone who wasn’t him, there was going to be some new woman, and John was going to fall in… Sherlock was going to be alone again. No, this was anything but fun. John said something about ordering a takeaway for dinner – the most recent case prevented them from going shopping, so there was no palatable food in the flat – but Sherlock had stopped paying attention. Despite his stomach growling just prior to them returning to the flat, Sherlock had lost his appetite, and instead got up and headed down the hall to the bathroom.
“CV revisions and the job searches can always wait for lunch.” John smiled. “I’d be happy to go along, if you want me too.”
Cliffhanger!!! What is John going to find at the bottom of the stairs?!?!?!
“I know, but then months later that same someone kissed me, only to then tell me the next morning that he wasn’t thinking clearly and we should just forget every that happened.”
“It could be.”
It was another two days before John saw Sherlock again. He had tried going to the library the following day, hoping to find Sherlock and that he’d be more willing to talk, but no such luck. So when Dr. Kiernan’s Tuesday afternoon lecture rolled around, John was determined to talk to the tit.
Sherlock is absolutely still for a few moments. “I’m…I’m your best friend?”
No, no, no, John couldn’t have that. They were making progress, Sherlock couldn’t shy away now. “Right,” John smirked, taking a step, closing the distance between him and Sherlock, “well I think you need to work on your routine.”
(See the end of the chapter for
If John hadn’t already semi come to terms with the fact that he was crazy about Sherlock Holmes, that little speech would have clenched it. It was astonishing how so many people could think that the man sitting across from him with his eyes full of trepidation, hope, confusion, and unbridled adoration, was unfeeling, cold, or even heartless. Sherlock Holmes was mad, brilliant, funny, and amazing, and he had a heart to match. It shouldn’t matter that Sherlock had little time for social niceties or social conventions, anyone who bothered to take the time and really look at ‘The World’s Only Consulting Detective’, would have seen clear as day just how deeply he cares, and just how much he really feels.
He couldn’t believe he’d actually agreed to do this. John was really going to risk his, granted temporary, job, all to play pretend with a stranger he’d just met? Admittedly, Sherlock was a very interesting stranger, but still, this was insane, John was insane. Though John had to admit, it sure beat the hell out of wandering around, balancing a tray of spinach puffs. Oh he was definitely insane.
“I believe somewhere in that jumble of words, you were trying to ask me something.” John chuckled.
(See the end of the chapter for
“A horrible, untrustworthy, deceitful liar.”
Not thirty seconds later, the door opened and a sleeping John was wheeled into the room by two orderlies and a nurse; Mr. Watson brought up the rear.
– no more teasing. I need –
“Nah, more like just noticed.” John shrugged. “I mean, I’ve noticed that you’re usually early to class, and always show up right on time at the gym. I don’t know, you always struck me as Mr. Punctual.”
couldn't
“But it could be.”
After the photos, they spoke with Lestrade, in a strictly ‘off the record’ capacity of course. He was reluctant at first, advising them to just go through the police, but agreed to help nonetheless. He drew up an official report, filled in all the relevant details, and then held off on filing until necessary.
“Of course I do, that’s why I want to go. I can do a lot of good over there.” John says, trying to calm Sherlock down.
“I’d say so, yeah.”
“Hey! And what the hell is that supposed to mean?” Theo said, nearly knocking over his chair as he leapt to his feet. Big mistake. Theo may have been taller John, but John was not one to be cowed by a few inches. John thrived on confrontation, he lived for it. Sherlock could almost see him digging in his heals. In all the time Sherlock had known him, John never actively looked for a fight, physical or otherwise, but he sure as hell never backed down from one.
“It’s obvious, isn’t it?” John wasn’t really going to make him say it. Apparently he was. “I had intended to go upstairs to apologize for my actions earlier. It is also my understanding that some sort of offering is appropriate in such situations, with food and or drink being the most common choices.”
“I may have told you the party started at six,” John murmured low enough so only Sherlock could hear, “and then told everyone else to come at seven.”
“So soon?” John chuckled, already climbing on top of Sherlock and situating himself between Sherlock’s legs, nothing separating them but a terrycloth towel. “And here I thought I’d gotten all of that all out of your system during the honeymoon.”
Even though Sherlock couldn’t see him, John still rolled his eyes. Vanity, thy name is Sherlock Holmes.
“I just figured you’d have more important things to do than waste anymore of your free evenings on this.”
“I heard you last night.” John continued, his hold loosening. “If you said it in the heat of the moment, I – I understand, you can just –”
Shit! The pilfering waiter had joined the ‘discussion’ at the bar, and it didn’t look like he was taking too kindly to Sherlock’s accusations. John sighed as he hurried over to prevent Sherlock from being murdered yet again; honestly, he couldn’t leave the brilliant idiot alone for one second. It should probably bother John that that fact only made him start falling deeper.
“Yeah, yeah I do.” He said, sure that he too was blushing. “I want it to be a date.”
“Isn’t it obvious?” Sherlock bit, struggling to sit up “Three of them – caught me while my guard was down. – Two restrained me – other one ‘taught me a lesson.’ I got a few hits in – I think I scratched one of them, but then they knocked me down. – Started focusing more on protecting myself than fighting back.” He finished with a gasp, even talking hurt; his jaw, his chest, the pain was everywhere.
With one obstacle and interruption after another, something seems intent to be keeping John and Sherlock apart. But what happens when an immovable object meets an unstoppable force?
“Speaking of my family,” he said cautiously. “Umm… yesterday, my mother invited you to… ugh… to come with me when I go home next weekend…”
“You ask me a question, then get lost in your head.” John sighed, chuckling to himself. “I said it would be fantastic. I’d love to come along.” He grinned.
After Sherlock’s initial reluctance with the clothes – the shorts were a tad too short, a fact at which John absolutely did not laugh – the rest of their time together went fairly smoothly. They started off slow; John really just wanted to get a sense of what Sherlock did and didn’t know. Surprisingly – or unsurprisingly – Sherlock didn’t know much. Beyond ‘protect the face’ he was a blank canvas. John had his work cut out for him. Well, he’d yet to back down from a challenge, and he wasn’t about to start now.
“Glad I could help. So, um, who is this guy, what did he do? Other than blow up that house, that is?” John asked, his curiosity getting the better of him.
John stood there for a couple more minutes, Sherlock clinging to him, kissing him deeply, until his arms finally began to feel the strain. Sherlock wasn’t heavy by any stretch of the imagination, but he was tall, making him rather awkward to hold up for long. Now if he had Sherlock against a wall… Well, that was a different story all together.
“Was starting to think –
“Of course you are. I
Well here it is, the last chapter!
John let out a small giggle, Sherlock breath tickled his cheek. “Well of course. Peace and quiet would be absolute hell without you to share it with,” he grinned, taking Sherlock’s face in his hands and pulling his love down into a slow kiss.
“Ah, who cares about lasting damage, you showed that piece of shit what happens when you try to mess with Sherlock Holmes.” John beamed. “He’ll think twice about harassing people like that again. I can’t believe it, I mean I can. Just… God, Sherlock, that’s amazing. I wish I was there to see it!”
“Is this really necessary? I really don’t have time for this. Don’t we all have more important things to be doing?” Sherlock rattled the handcuffs locking him to a desk chair in the police station.
“What, really? Holmes has a boyfriend? Should have known he was a pillow biter.” Sebastian snorted, turning to John. “Do you seriously fuck that freak? I didn't think fucking him was even possible? Or are you the cock joc –”
“Yes, why?” Of course there was another reason, Sherlock knew was more to it than just John being decent
“Sherlock, please, please I need you to come back to me. Please don’t do this to me again.” He choked. “I can’t do this, I can’t live in a world without you in it… not again. I can’t go through that again, I can’t.”
“Oh yes, absolutely.” John grinned. “But I do have one condition.” He said leaning back – though not entirely out of Sherlock’s arms – so that he could look Sherlock in eyes.
“Then we’re both newbies.” Sherlock’s voice sounding like silk, his hand slowly running along John’s chest and abdomen.
Because navigating the stairs was too much of a hassle for Sherlock, and because he just didn’t want to get up from his seat, John had to go and show Heather upstairs. Unfortunately, that’s where his assistance ended. Yes, Sherlock had told him over and over that he didn’t need any help, but it would have been nice if John had stuck around. Instead John left them be – more of that privacy nonsense – and went to his old bedsit to pack the rest of his belongings, and settle everything with his old landlord. It had to be done of course, and the sooner John rid himself of the old flat the better, but it still meant Sherlock was left alone with this new physical therapist, when he’d really rather not have been.
Truth be told, Sherlock didn’t actually remember much of the journey from the club to Baker Street. Other than the brief moment in which he pulled away to hail a cab, he remained thoroughly occupied by John. At one point the cab driver had to slam on his breaks to stop Sherlock from climbing onto John’s lap and having at it right there on the back seat. Before he knew it, they were falling through the front door of 221 Baker Street, stumbling up the steps to his flat, and Sherlock was pulling John into his bedroom; coats, gloves, and scarves being shed along the way.
*******
“Guilty as charged!” John cried, his head thrown back. And he called Sherlock the drama queen. “I am completely at your mercy, what’s my punishment for committing such a terrible, terrible crime?”
“Ah, but it’s always good to know where best to go if the opportunity should ever arise.” Mycroft said smoothly, appearing to anyone who didn’t grow up with him, to be completely unfazed. “Have a safe trip back to campus, Sherlock. And do please give John my regards.”
Grabbing a condom and rolling it on, John finds the lube again slicking himself up, careful not to use too much pressure, afraid he may come then and there. Positioning himself at Sherlock’s entrance, he slowly starts to push in. Sherlock is so incredibly tight around his cock, John has to be careful not to hurt Sherlock by going too fast.
It was a totally date.
To any American readers, I wish you a happy belated Thanksgiving. If you celebrated yesterday, I hope you had a good day and dinner. To any non-American readers, I still hope you had a good day and dinner!
“You’re not an interloper.” Sherlock said quietly as he fumbled with the remote, turning on the telly.
Shit! Why did he say that? He had made things awkward. Now John was going to turn out to be just like everyone else, though maybe he’ll be more polite about severing ties with Sherlock ‘The Fairy’ Holmes. He knew it was too good to be true.
When John reaches the door of 221C, John can’t help but hear Whitney in the midst of a rather heated phone conversation
“What? Oh, yeah, he was just behind me.” John glanced over his shoulder to see the detective inspector approaching, still a few meters away. When he looked back, Sherlock was still there, still grinning, John could breathe again.
"Yes, relax. And finally, what’s this about you not having your work? That you’re useless? Lestrade’s brought you at least five cases so far to work on, and I’m sure there will be more coming soon.”
“Yeah.” Sherlock nodded. “Keep… keep going.” John would never hurt him. John would never hurt him.
After an incredibly close call, Sherlock commits to his therapy and to never running the risk of driving John away. Funnily enough, good behavior reaps rewards.
They soon lapse into silence, once more focusing on the CCTV footage. Another hour passed, when finally Sherlock spotted something, nearly yelling as he leapt from his chair.
Feeling embarrassed, Sherlock just shrugged. “I don’t know. Some… some new woman.”
“I’m fine, really.” John said as he stared down at Sherlock, lightly brushing a few stray curls off his forehead. He could take care of himself later. Right now Sherlock needed him, and it would take more than one kindhearted nurse to tear him from Sherlock’s side.
“Right away, but I’m the one giving the orders around here.” John practically growled, and in one quick motion, swept Sherlock up and into his arms. Sherlock was going to have to remember to thank Mrs. Hudson for making them watch that ridiculous movie about the American naval officer.
“Oh, that’s too bad.” Becca hummed. “I guess you’ll just have to move in with me.”
“I think I should probably let you get some more sleep,” John said, glancing towards the clock that read quarter to eleven.
“I am not an amateur detective, I am a consulting detective, on whose expertise Scotland Yard heavily relies.” Sherlock said, sitting up straight. “And my ‘little prying into people’s lives trick’, as you so charmingly called it, is not a trick, but me simply looking at the world around me, and using my brain to make simple and obvious connections. The fact that so many
“Obviously not.” He sighed. “I think you should report them, have them brought up on charges.”
This was also the last of Sherlock's POV we're going to see until the epilogue (that is if he even survived this fall to be alive during the epilogue). You're all just going to need to come back on Tuesday to find out about the landing. But until then, why not leave some comments telling me what you think will happen and how you think John will react. Who knows, it may sway me to change my plan.....
“Why would I need anything?”
“Have a good weekend, and don’t piss off his mum!” John called after her. In truth, he hadn’t given up on Sherlock, he just didn’t know how to get him back – if he was ever John’s in the first place. He had come up with scenario after scenario, each more ridiculous than the next, but none of them made sense, and none of them could actually get Sherlock to forgive him. And the more time that passed, the less likely he’d ever get another shot with Sherlock, he didn’t know what to do.
What he wouldn’t give for a crime lord with a penchant for beheading enemies right about now, that he knew how to deal with.
John grinned as Sherlock lead him out on to the makeshift dance floor, wrapping one arm around his waist, and linking his other hand with John’s. They held each other far closer than any formal dance dictated, but John didn’t care, he just enjoyed having Sherlock so close. If Sherlock’s warm eyes and soft smile was anything to go by, he didn’t seem to mind either. The music started, another original piece by Sherlock, and John felt as if his chest was full to bursting. They slowly made their way across the dance floor, and as far as John was concerned, the world consisted of just the two of them; nothing else but the gorgeous, loving man in his arms could ever matter.
For about the next hour and a half, John sat in relative silence with Lestrade – well, John was silent, Lestrade conferred with his officers about whatever his case was – until a doctor finally came out to speak with Lestrade. Feeling a bit awkward and out of place, John just hung back, though still within earshot.
“Shit!” This was not good, John needed to get Sherlock out immediately.
This moi!
“You clearly know both Molly and Lestrade, both together and separately. The fact that you appear equally comfortable with both of them, speaks to that.” Sherlock begins to rattle off. “The strong smell of antiseptic, and the address of the party written on a prescription pad, suggests medical student. So that’s how you know Molly. Medical students generally have some sort of anatomy related gift, and healing is the safest bet.”
John and Sherlock's little arrangement starts to turn into something different, not that either of them seem notice.
*******
“No, no, I get that,” John said, swallowing a forkful of carbonara, “they needed to get him out of the building in order to dig. What I don’t understand is why he fell for such an obvious ploy.”
“Since you won’t go to a facility –”
“You’re not? Why not?” John asked, he had a feeling this would happen. It was Sherlock’s first water therapy session, and to say Sherlock was hesitant would have been an understatement.
“I can see that. Living with Sherlock has clearly been good for you, why do you think that is?”
“Your bus is not due to arrive for another ten minutes, Mr. Watson.” Came a cool, calm voice from inside the car. “I’d be more than willing to give you a ride to your flat, if you’d just care to get in. It’ll be far quicker.”
“You don’t need to make up some fake boyfriend to make yourself seem normal.” Theo continued, twisting the dagger deeper into Sherlock’s chest. “I know it’s been a while, but don’t forget, I know you, Sherlock. I mean, who in their right mind could stand being in an actual, honest-to-God, relationship with you?”
“Oh really, John,” Sherlock chuckled, rolling his eyes in the hope that John didn’t notice his eyes welling upon hearing John all but marry him again, “reciting vows? We’re still married.”
Let go – with me – come on, Sherlock – with –
“I hope you know this doesn’t change anything, Sherlock.” John said softly, his hand covering Sherlock’s curling slightly. “You having a past, something we all have, doesn’t change the fact that you’re still the same mad genius who chases bombers into abandon houses, and solves crimes for fun. You’re still the same nutter who I befriended in the hospital, and who convinced me to move in with him after only a week.” He added with a smile. “You’re clearly clean, and that’s the important thing.”
Because of course it was the dulcet tones of Sargent Sally Donovan that greeted him at his first crime scene in nearly three months. Of course Sally had to be there at his first ever active crime scene with John, not counting the one at which they had met and he had been nearly blown up.
“Alright then, I can’t help noticing you’re hurt…” And with that attitude, the injuries were starting to make a little sense.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t know, something more comfortable, maybe?”
Well, that's exactly what John Watson is about to find out.
Eventually it’s time for John’s last patient of the day, a Mr. Fry complaining of joint pain.
“No, no I’m sure. Sherlock Holmes, I know that I love you, that I am in love with you. I love you, my brilliant, gorgeous, funny, impossible Bumble. I love you so much, I’m positively barking for you.”
"Yeah, I know,” Sherlock nodded, before letting out a little laugh. “Actually, I was more thinking about the fact that you actually deduced him”
“It’s just, people don’t usually respond like that.”
“You might as well come in, it’s cold out here.” John said, holding open the front door to his building for Sherlock to walk through. . ‘
“Oh, ok, sure. You sure this is alright?” John asks, cautiously moving closer to the woman.
John’s head snapped up from his menu, his eyes wide, and began looking at the employees and patrons. “Oh God. The people here aren’t… they weren’t…”
“I… yes I’ll do that.” Sherlock nodded. “Um… Thank you, Mycroft. Thank you for doing this.”
“I do, yeah. He plays the violin a lot, he says it help him process his thoughts, but when I have a nightmare, he only ever plays one specific song, and he only ever plays it during a nightmare. He has to know, right?”
“Alright, Sherlock, that’s enough, I you need to stay calm.” Lestrade murmured. “Sorry about that.” She turned, addressing Mr. Watson. “I’m heading the investigation into your son’s disappearance. I’ve actually gotten to know John a little bit over the years, and I want to assure you that finding John is my number one priority.”
And that’s when the dam broke – when Sherlock didn’t respond to his touch, or to his voice, at all – the tears John didn’t even know he’d been fighting began to fall, and he cried. John cried for Sherlock, for the fact that Sherlock had been stabbed, that he had to undergo surgery, that he was hooked up to a ventilator. He cried for himself, for being an idiot and not being there when Sherlock needed him, for walking out on him and the three months they wasted. He cried for the future he prayed they still had together.
“No, but…”
“Well now that we have my preferences established, did you bring your old notes like I asked?”
“Sorry, sorry. Go on.”
Before bothering to even take in his new flat, John made sure Sherlock was safely on a leather sofa, and ran back down the stairs to retrieve their bags which he had dropped in the foyer. When he returned, he found Sherlock still on the sofa, his eyes closed and his head tipped back against the wall, and he could hear Mrs. Hudson puttering around in what he assumed was the kitchen. It was only then that he took the chance to look around his new flat.
They sat for a while longer; Sherlock collected himself while Molly finished her tea. Sherlock only took a few cursory sips of his; there was far too much milk and far too few sugars for his liking. Finally when his nerves had settled, they got up and left. There was no point in bothering to return to school, and
“Oh sorry, I’m John.” John said, offering Sebastian his hand. “Holmes is in one of my classes this term, and that kid’s been a pain in my arse all semester.” It was an effort to keep his tone light and casual when he was vividly picturing himself breaking every bone in Sebastian’s body. “I just thought whoever it was who got him to stop coming to class deserved a drink.”
“Not really, no. I might give Harry a call, see how she’s doing.” He wasn’t going to call Harry. The last time he caught her sober, she yelled at him for not trying hard enough to convince Clara to take her back, as if it were his fault she couldn’t make things work with her wife.
Sherlock’s lips were… it was like before, but… better. It was so much better. Before, when Sherlock had kissed him, it had happened so fast that John didn’t really get the chance to process it, to concentrate and really comprehend what was happening before it was over. He’d thought about it afterwards, he’d thought about it a lot, trying to remember and recreate every feeling. But now… Sherlock’s lips, from which passed some of the quickest and sharpest words John had ever heard, were so unbelievably soft, no hint of dryness or any chapping. Sherlock’s lips were warm. For a man who looked like he was carved from marble, Sherlock was always warm, so alive, so human. Sherlock’s lips were plush. Sherlock’s lips were perfect, as if created to be kissed. Sherlock’s lips were… Sherlock’s lips were… were… still.
“Yeah, yeah, I have a flat off campus. He’s going to be staying with me until we get this sorted.”
“Staying here for Greg, huh? That serious?”
“Oh, it’s just not what I expected. That’s not what people usually say.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Minutes later, they had tracked the woman entering in Square empty handed, pass behind a kiosk, emerge moments later holding the carton, and move immediately to throw it away. They also had a name. Sherlock should have probably wondered how his mother knew how to access government facial recognition programs. Then again, she did write part of the algorithm the program used. But that didn’t matter at the moment, they had a name: Imogen Riley, 24, accounting intern at a firm not too far from the Square.
Sherlock nodded. Who would he tell anyway?
“There was one part I didn’t care for, though,” Sherlock said, breaking the kiss. “I hated not wearing our rings. Can we please put them back on now?”
“Oh very funny.” John groaned out a sigh, but laughed all the same. “Alright, I guess I deserved that.”
bow tie
Sherlock wasn’t sure how Mycroft knew about their occasional sleeping habits. He wouldn’t have put it past the git to have installed cameras in John and Mike’s flat. But it shouldn’t matter that Sherlock sometimes shared John’s bed. John’s bed was soft, and it was far better for his recovery than the couch. Most of his injuries had healed, but his ribs were still tender after all. Anyway, it was all completely innocent, there were no ulterior motives behind the arrangement – at least on John’s end – and Mycroft needed to learn to leave well enough alone. Sherlock could only imagine the upheaval if Mycroft decided to drop his little funny innuendos around John. Doing them a favor or not, Mycroft was a nosy, overfed, misinformed, arse.
John’s eyes locked on Sherlock’s. “Don’t listen! Don’t listen to him! It’s only ev…mmmm” His words lost as Seb shoved some sort of rag into his mouth, covering it with duct tape, gagging him.
See, it's going to be alright eventually. And I gave you some drugged up Sherlock san filter, does that make things even slightly better???? Plus there was some John 'Man on a Mission' Watson, that's always nice, right?
Sherlock took a long pull from his water bottle, and John couldn’t help watching as his throat bobbed as he swallowed. “Probably best too.” He said, wiping a few stray water droplets from his bottom lip – best not stare at person’s lips, John reminded himself. “It’s already almost eleven, and I meant to call Lestrade.”
“Ah, right. So you’ll be busy. That’s good.” It was stupid of him to have even asked.
“Alright, fine.” John laughed. “Yes I got you something. You can think of it sort of as an anniversary gift.”
“I’m not kidding, I must have put in a good thirty hours in last week studying for that test.” John said swallowing down a mouthful of broccoli beef. “Tied for second highest score in the class, so it was worth it, but I am definitely scratching cardiology off my list.”
, he told himself.
“Would it… would it be alright if I… can I kiss you again?”
“There has to be something! You can’t possibly be clearing everything on your own.” Sherlock groaned, dropping down hard into one of the office chairs. He needed a case, he couldn’t think about blond, blue-eyed, stubborn soldiers for one more second.
Just then a sleek black car pulled up along the curb and a man stepped out to open the back door.
The stupid git was alright. Five feet down, staring up at John with a Cheshire Cat grin spread across his face, his knee pinning a yelling Simon McCall to the pebbled bank of the River Thames, Sherlock was alright, not a scratch on him.
“Well what does that say about you? You’re the one marrying me.” Sherlock countered, leaning forward to nip at John’s chin.
“You can never be too sure. I may have walked in on your intended sans trousers, a minute ago.” Lestrade cringed.
‘1 Missed Call:
Sherlock didn’t hurry – John figured he deserved it as some sort of revenge for the night before when he took his time stripping Sherlock – instead he teased John, barely brushing his entrance against John’s head.
“See, you just proved my point.” Sherlock huffed, his scowl deepening. “Everyone is going to look at me like I’m an idiot. I look like an idiot.”
“Alright, alright, I get it. You’re not interested, no need to make me feel like an idiot.” John said, moving to stand up from their table. “Just do me a favor, and just be careful, alright?”
Leah just waved him off, that same odd grin on her face. “Oh you don’t owe me anything, trust me. It’s my treat.” She said. She was probably one of Mycroft’s people, or at least catering to John and Sherlock was probably one of the ‘requests’ Mycroft made of the hospital.
For the sake of ‘authenticity’, Sherlock had the idea to not wear their wedding bands on their fingers as normal, but instead on chains around their necks. He couldn’t stomach the thought of not having it on them in some capacity, so the chains were a compromise. As rare occurrences as they were, Sherlock was known to have a stupid idea on occasion, and even he could admit that not wearing their rings was an unbelievably stupid idea.
“I’m not, Scout’s honor. I thought you were the most gorgeous thing on two legs. Still do in fact.”
“I’ll pick up something for dinner on my way back,” Sherlock offered. “Any preference?”
“See that you do. Come along, John.”
Enjoy!
“You’ll find the tank is full, the car in showroom-like condition, and I’ve returned the seat to match your grotesque proportions.” Sherlock said, dropping the keys on his brother’s desk and getting a sick thrill when one left a scratch on the polished surface. “Thank you for letting me borrow it, I’ll see you at Easter.”
It took every last ounce of strength for John to push Sherlock back, and slip out from between him and the door. “And I promise I’ll smell and taste even better after a shower.”
, John Watson – ahead of him, and Sherlock Holmes could not wait to get started.
“I’m just going to –”
*******
“I thought so.” Leah sighed, rolling her eyes. “Well I’m going on my break, so Nurse Luo is going to be covering in case you need anything. Do you want me to bring you back anything from the café?”
“And the train gets in a half past one, so that’ll leave us more than enough time to check in to the hotel, and maybe have a little look around before having to head to the hall.”
“Because as long as those thugs are here, this place isn’t safe. They could jump you the next time you head to the bathroom.”
The wind knocked out of him and breathing hard – again not just from the wind being knocked out of him – John finally looked up to find Sherlock’s grinning down at him. His face far closer than John expected and a heat behind his eyes John had only ever seen flashes of before. It was intoxicating, and John felt powerless to move. No, that wasn’t right, John could move, he just didn’t want to. And though a voice in his head screamed at him to get away before it was too late, before his body betrayed him once again, a louder voice screamed at him stay, to enjoy the contact his body so desperately craved, to perhaps roll his hips, show Sherlock how much he wanted him.  And so John stayed, eyes locked on Sherlock as Sherlock continued to stare down at him, his grin slowly giving way to something more intense.
Like that morning, John insisted on giving them privacy, and disappeared up to his room to unpack the rest of his belongings. Unlike that morning, John was still in the flat, and being able to hear him bump around on the floor above, moving things around, getting settled, somehow make Sherlock feel more at ease. Sherlock wasn’t alone with one of Mycroft’s probably minions, he had back up. John may have been out of sight, but he was there, and because of that, the second session, while just as frustrating and physically taxing, went far better than the first.
“Are you asking if I’m bisexual?” Sherlock nodded. “I would think it’s pretty obvious, but yes Sherlock, I’m bi. I’m not super experienced, but I’m very, very bi.” John laughed. “I can’t believe you of all people didn’t figure it out. I wasn’t really being all that subtle.”
Lestrade had apparently called in a forensics team when Mr. Watson gave his permission for them to search John’s room, so Sherlock could only look. Evans slipped him a pair of gloves anyway. As he moved through the room, things immediately started popping out at him. The clothes John was wearing that night were in his hamper. What would be the point of changing clothes if he were planning to run away? And while some of John’s clothes were missing, as Sherlock noticed the day before, all John’s shoes were still there. Whoever took him was careful about everything, they wouldn’t have made such a stupid mistake. The shoes meant something; the kidnappers were sending some sort of message.
“Good. Then let’s go, and in about two and a half hours, this will all be over with.” John smiled, reaching up a hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek, his thumb sweeping across Sherlock’s cheekbone. It was a comfort, a reassurance, but Sherlock’s heart still skipped a beat or two.
Ridiculous man, completely perfect ridiculous man, John thought, his eyes getting embarrassingly damp. “You idiot,” he laughed thickly, shifting so that he lay half on top of Sherlock, “I would have found a way to meet you.”
“Always the tone of surprise.” John chuckled. “I spend my days,
“I am. I’ve valued your input on the cold cases so far.”
“Then how did you..” John says, turning back to the bean pole, to this Sherlock.
“Mmm… No, but you are a doctor. Aren’t you people all about healing and helping? Because this…
“I… I think I’m going to go take a shower.” John muttered, getting off the couch. The coldest shower in human history, he thought as he surreptitiously adjusted himself in his trousers. “Goodnight.”
“Oh no, there are going to be plenty of those. I just mean I only get one first time with my husband, and I want it to be special, I plan on taking my time.” John all but growled as he pulled Sherlock down and captured those soft, perfect lips in a rough kiss. “Surely you ‘d rather our first time be where we’re truly alone, and we can spend hours taking each other apart over and over again, where we lose our voices because we’ve made each other scream.” Alright, so he was playing a bit dirty, but that’s what Sherlock did to him. “I can’t make you scream if we’re getting a quick one off in your old bedroom hoping your parents don’t walk in, or worse, Mycroft.”
And suddenly picture after picture of John and Sherlock kissing was projected on the wall. There were so many pictures; if played fast enough, it would almost look like a video. John had relived that evening over and over in his mind to get him through this ordeal, but to see it projected in front of him, to know they were being watched, to see it used like this, gave him chills. John felt ill.
As Sherlock fell asleep that night, pleasantly exhausted and blissfully worn out, he finally had everything he could ever want, and it was even better than he ever imagined. He was John’s, John was his, and Sherlock could never want for more. And really, why would he?
“What the hell’s going on in here?! Molly? Molly, what are you doing here?”
“I was kidding about that!”
“I haven’t mentioned a figure.”
Mrs. Holmes’s smile was damn near wicked, and suddenly John was very glad Sebastian, Brian, and Eddie had made a hasty exit after the hearing. Something told him, that you did not want to be the target of Lydia Holmes going monstrous. Actually no, John couldn’t think of three finer candidates for whatever maternal retribution Mrs. Holmes could enact.
The early afternoon sun was streaming in through the window, and sat John reading the novel Harry had brought him the night before. It was one he had already read, but since Harry was kind enough to keep her opinions on John’s decision to stay in the hospital to herself, he thought it best not to comment. No sleep, already knowing the story, and trying to hold the book and turn the pages one handed – John’s other hand was wrapped securely around Sherlock’s – made a potent combination, and John had to fight to keep his eyes from closing.
“But then I end up recruiting you to my crew.” Sherlock added, climbing to the very top of the play structure.
After they picked up their food – which John managed to order flawlessly – they spent the evening in what had become their custom, sitting together on the couch, takeaway containers on the coffee table, and John, annoyedly yelling at Sherlock to stop ‘predicting’ the end of TV shows. There was no talk about the harassment claim being filed, no talk about if the school would take action, or if there would be any push back from Sebastian and the others. There was no talk of what came next; it was out of their hands, so they enjoyed the relative calm before the inevitable storm. In short, it was a near perfect evening. All it was missing was a locked room triple homicide courtesy of New Scotland Yard, but they couldn’t have everything.
Make it difficult for me to hide my fic writing from my company, by sending me some comments that will no doubt put a big dopey smile on my face!!
A case; an actual, real case! After months with only drop in the bucket cold cases, Sherlock was finally going out to investigate an active case. Not only that, but he was out of the flat, he had something to do that wasn’t a doctor’s appointment, physical therapy, or John insisting he needed a change of scenery and dragging him out to Regent’s Park or along with him on a Tesco run. Sherlock could have kissed Lestrade when he showed up, and he could have kissed John when he didn’t have any problems with Sherlock going.
“Christ, John. What took you so long?” came a groan, and before he had even crossed the threshold, John found himself being pulled fully into the living room, and pressed flat between the wall and Sherlock’s firm chest, Sherlock’s thigh slotting between his legs, pressing into him, and Sherlock’s lips stealing away any possible retort.
“It really couldn’t”
The new physical therapist – this one named Heather Something – arrived at nine o’clock sharp the following morning. When Sherlock refused to return to Mycroft’s home for his recovery, Mycroft had contacted the physical therapist, and arranged for her to go to Baker Street instead. John thought it was considerate, that Mycroft was being
As it turned out, the paramedics insisted John go to the hospital as a precaution. He had a cut to his forehead – a bit of debris must have fallen on him – and he sustained some minor burns to his hands whilst lifting the beam off of Sherlock. Honestly, he really hadn’t noticed at the time. But now John was sat in the waiting room of King’s College’s A&E, having been given the all clear – he could have told them that already – giving his statement.
“I don’t believe that will be a problem,” Sherlock said, straightening his spine, and sharing a surreptitious look with John.
“… and the shop was the perfect location from which to dig. Lestrade and I simply sat in the vault and waited for ‘Spaulding’ and his associate to show.”
The pint with Bill went about as well as he expected it would. Bill told him all about the redhead, her name was Gwen, she was in publishing, and she was as close to an angel on Earth as any human could be. He then proceeded to tease John about his little weekend in seclusion with ‘the dark haired stranger’. And, after listening to him complain, told John that the guy might have been an arsehole, but at least sleeping with him allowed John to
John refused to tell Sherlock where they were going, and for fifteen minutes guided him by the hand through streets and up different lanes until finally, they reached a large stone gate leading into…
“It’s safe, you can open your eyes.” John chuckled. “Come in.”
“My uncle’s pocket watch…” Sherlock’s voice trailed off, he couldn’t believe it. The watch had belonged to his great-great-great uncle, the original Sherlock Holmes, the man after whom Sherlock was named.
“Careful with that tone, Son” His daddy admonished. “It’s best because you’re only six years old, and four years is way too big of a leap at this age. One year is enough.”
“Yeah?”
John had left Sherlock to head back to his flat in order to pack a bag, if he was going to go back with Sherlock the next day he’d need somethings to tide him over. The elevator doors were just about to close when an umbrella was thrust between them, forcing them to reopen and reveal Mycroft Holmes standing there.
“I’ve noticed.” John frowned, examining the fresh cut above Sherlock’s eye.
“Your phone pinged, and whatever you read made you get all pale and you had this look of dread on your face. Are you alright?”
“Yes, John … Oh god yes!… Mark me!”
“Right, where was I?”
“Uuuhhhh,” Sherlock groaned. “Nearly twenty-four hours of travel time. What does it have to be so far away?”
As with everything that night, it started off slow. John was gentle, careful, not even pulling back an inch before sinking back in.
Sherlock imagined John standing before him at the foot of the bed. Imaginary John’s eyes blazed with the same want that consumed Sherlock, and slowly Sherlock undressed him, one article of clothing at a time. The jacket was the first to go, falling in a heap as Sherlock slowly ran his hands up John’s arms, feeling the firm muscles through his shirt sleeves. Then came the waistcoat, unbuttoned and still hanging off of John’s broad shoulders when Sherlock started working at shirt. The shirt and waistcoat soon joined the jacket on the floor, and Sherlock dropped his head, kissing, licking, nipping, at John’s exposed chest. John tangled his hands in Sherlock’s hair, letting out a deep moan when Sherlock mapped out the topography of his scar with his fingers and then tongue. Finally, Sherlock undid John’s flies, before pushing down his trousers – there were no pants in this fantasy – allowing the now naked John to pin him to the bed and take anything and everything he wanted. The imaginary John was just the right balance of gentle and forceful; he took, claimed, owned every inch of Sherlock’s body. John, a living dichotomy of soft and hard, sliding against and into Sherlock, kissing away Sherlock’s cries and moans. It wasn’t long before Sherlock came with a choked sob as he was suddenly left alone in an empty bed with only the cold realization that he would never have anything more than the fantasy of a John who wanted him, a John who could love him the way he loved John.
“You sound so sure.”
~***~
“Sherlock wait.”
That night, the night of their second ‘first time we saw each other’ anniversary, the night Billy the Skull came to live with them, was just one night in a lifetime of nights for John Watson and Sherlock Holmes. They had a lifetime ahead of them, a future that held a lot of change. Eventually John would become a real doctor, and Sherlock would become the world’s only consulting detective. Eventually they would move into a two bedroom flat, and Sherlock would get his own home lab. Eventually they would become London’s most famed crime solving duo, and the bane of London’s criminal underclass. Eventually they would take down a master villain, and have to save each other from hundreds of near misses. And eventually they would give each other their names, John Watson and Sherlock Holmes becoming Dr. and Mr. Watson-Holmes.
– in me.”
“But the kidnapping hasn’t really been publicized, has it. What about flyers, ads? We can get the word out, get people on the lookout, without having to go from person to person.”
“Yes, but hurry up. We don’t have time to waste; the inspector may change his mind!”
“I’m glad it was you. I’m glad you were my first.”
“I guess you have me there, my deepest and most sincere apologies.”
“Hi, Sherlock. I’m John, and I’m going to get you out of here, ok?”
By the time they reached John’s house and were walking up to the path, Sherlock not bothering to wait for Lestrade and Evans catch up before pounding on the door, Sherlock had collected himself, wiped away any sign of tears, and was refocused.
“You know me that well already, do you?” Sherlock smirked.
“For the last time, John, we didn’t steal the car.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, but that didn’t stop John from spotting the blush coloring his cheeks. “Lestrade saw me take the keys, and he’ll be picking it up within the next hour. Anyway, us borrowing it made the most sense. We had a way of getting home, and Lestrade was able to ride with Donovan to take in McCall. We did them a favor really.”
“Impatiently so.”
Mrs. Holmes waited for Sherlock outside the bathroom as he changed back into his pajamas, then tucked him into bed, and settled next to him on top of the duvet, her back against the headboard.
Well that settled it; John could look neither Sherlock nor Mrs. Hudson in the eye again for the remainder of his sequestration in 221B Baker Street.
“Ok, I’m sorry, John but I have to ask. Have told him when you’re actually leaving?”
“…So once I saw the scabs and scars on the back of her heels, it was quite simple to deduce she was slipping the drugs in her cousin’s food and drink. Convincing the Yard was another matter, but fortunately one DI had half a brain in her head, and listened to me.” Sherlock recounted yet another case with a flourish.
“I’d really rather not discuss this with you, Mrs. Hudson. And John is not my ‘young man’, as you say.” His sex life, and all around interpersonal failures, was the very last topic Sherlock wanted to get into with the woman he had come to view as a second mother.
“Yes,” Sherlock smiled, “I think you might be.”
Fun fact, there are a few of my family Christmas traditions thrown into this chapter. We don't decorate the tree until the 24th, and every Christmas morning my mom decorates the yard (the pipe cleaner village, trolls vs aliens battle, and orange pyramids were all real)
It was the dull all over ache that finally woke Sherlock. Keeping his eyes shut, as if that could keep the intensifying pain at bay, he instead tried to focus on his surroundings. He was in his bed… No, wait, not his bed, this bed was much softer than the piss-poor school mattresses. And the smell, he hummed, it was a good smell, it smelled like…
“Funny, because I seem to remember it being the other way around. I asked you to marry me, remember.”
“What are your plans for tomorrow morning, around say, eleven o’clock?” Sherlock asked that Sunday evening, trying to sound disinterested in the answer.
“I remember. The scotch was child’s play, when you weren’t looking at me,” smirked Sherlock, “you were eyeing the Glendronach like it had the answer to the meaning of life. You’d have to be an idiot to run the risk of diluting it with ice, and you didn’t look like an idiot to me.”
“Clearly the killer took them as some sort of trophy!”
didn't
“Are you ever going to tell us her name, Watson?” Paul Warren – starting sweeper – asked after practice one Wednesday about a month after ‘The Night’
“Someone’s snippier than usual.” She said to Lestrade, trying and failing to keep her voice low in an attempt to prevent Sherlock from hearing.
on me!” Sherlock said, and with all the theatrics of an old Hollywood diva, pulled back the curtain.
By the time Tuesday rolled around, and Sherlock actually saw John again, things had not improved. He walked in the classroom and his eyes fell almost automatically on John sitting in the back row, his usual spot. Since when had he bothered to learn John’s usual seat? When he interrupted Kiernan, a small voice in the back of his head reminded him that John thought his corrections ‘kept class interesting’. He chanced a glace over at John, only to see him laugh and smile down at his notebook.  John was genuinely amused by him.
The next major blow came a week later, with the arrival of the suit. They had been at a crime scene – barely a six – when John had to leave early to ‘take care of something.’ It wasn’t until several hours later that he returned to the flat, well after Sherlock returned having done the Yard’s job for them, with a garment bag over his arm. He didn’t stop to talk, just went straight up to his room, only to come back down a few minutes later wearing a brand-new suit.
The reception lasted well past sunset; everyone danced – Mrs. Holmes requested several with her ‘wonderful new son’ – talked, laughed, and ate – and drank – celebrating the happy couple, until finally John noticed Sherlock had had enough, and it was time for them to go.
– with all the space you’ve been putting between us,” John groaned, rolling his hips. Sherlock had hooked one leg around his waist and what little blood was left for John’s brain quickly headed southward, “you didn’t want to be near me anymore.”
“Well, what little mess there is will keep until morning, and I believe we left the issue of who wins in terms of the better relationship partner, outstanding.  I suggest we attempt to settle the matter now?”
Looking at pictures of the ballroom, seeing John in an impeccable suit, listening to the little details as plans for the weekend getaway fell into place, all of it would have been horrible enough if it had ended there, but it didn’t. No, what made it all worse, was that John was acting as if nothing had changed. At crime scenes, or the Yard, or in Bart’s, he still invaded Sherlock’s space. In cabs, and at the flat, he still sat close, thighs touching, arms brushing, and heads resting on shoulders. Touches still lingered as pens, phones, and mugs of tea were handed off. Fingers still intertwined, and heated looks still burned; perhaps even more often than before, Sherlock couldn’t be sure.
(See the end of the chapter for
With London rushing by outside the window, Sherlock started berating himself. He couldn’t believe he let time slip away from him; he couldn’t believe his internal clock failed him, it was always so precise. It wasn’t like he needed to do the interviews today, they could have waited. He knew he was going to do something to mess it all up. All he could really do now was hope John wouldn’t be too upset, it wasn’t even John’s idea in the first place.
“Ah, understood.” John nodded. Finally someone who can take a hint, a rare quality to be found in 221 Baker Street as of late. “You never answered my question; what do you do? Remember, I can’t just look at you and know your life story.” He teased.
That's right, the boys will be going out of town together. Mini-breaks are always fun!
Mycroft, of course it was Mycroft. He always had to stick his nose where he was neither wanted nor needed. Always presuming he knew best; John had it under control.
“Come in,” came a voice from inside. It was the man on the phone.
“Well it’s nearly noon now,” John said, glancing at his bedside clock, “that means that the day is essentially half gone.”
“Oh god yes. I can’t – I can’t say no to you.” John breathed, and quickly prepared himself.
“Once your doctors give you the all clear, then you’ll move to stage two, which is a more intensive twice daily therapy schedule.”
“Please, the military wants people with abilities for stuff like camouflage, or cell regeneration, or night vision.”
It didn’t take long for her to set up her equipment, a pair of parallel bars, and some sort of specialty weight bench, and after a few minutes of warm up stretches, they got to work. For an hour and a half, Heather worked each muscle in Sherlock’s leg in every single way imaginable. On the weight bench, he had to sit and use his foot to push different weights as far as he could. He had to walk through the parallel bars over and over, never once letting go of the bars, and never once making it all the way through without collapsing and having to catch himself. Heather said it was nothing to be ashamed of, that she’d yet to have a patient one week post major surgery, walk unaided. She said that he was doing remarkably well given the circumstances. It was not a comfort. Sherlock wasn’t her other patients, he was better than that, he knew he should be better than that. They ended the session with some cool down stretches, and Heather left with strict instructions for Sherlock to rest before she returned at two for their second hour and half long session.
Neither he nor Sherlock seemed to know what to say after that, so they just stood in front of the locked gym, facing each other, both looking anywhere but at the other.
“Alright,” John beamed, afraid of the real possibility of swooning right there, “let’s go make it official.”
“So…” John said after a few silent minutes of just sitting there not looking at each other.
“Hmmmm, I love it when you think rationally. I love everything about you, but especially when you think rationally.” Sherlock murmured softly, rolling them so he lay on top of John, and lowered his head for long, lazy, drawn out kisses. John loved Sherlock’s slow, post-sex kisses. John loved all of Sherlock’s kisses, but there was just something about the way he kissed him after sex, like nothing else in the world mattered but them and the slow, gentle drag of lips against lips.
I honestly didn't know if I was going to be able to get this chapter out to you today. For some reason the internet wasn't working right on my laptop (super slow or websites would time out), but it worked fine on my phone and tablet. Well, long story short, I took my computer into work with me today, and the work wifi works just fine. So I stayed late at work to post this chapter before leaving for him (I love you guys and this fic that much!)
Now it was John’s turn to shiver, his head filling with delightfully sinful things. Sherlock really wasn’t making it easy to remain gentlemanly.
“Thank you for today.” He said leaning in close, his movements sleepy and uncoordinated, his voice only barely more than a mumbled whisper.
Next up WE learn a bit more about John's captors (Sherlock doesn't, though), and Sherlock starts investigating on his own.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow, he liked the sound of showers. “My my! John, what
“That has got to be the most ridiculous thing I have ever done in my entire life!” John laughed as he and Sherlock collapse together onto a bench just outside the main entrance.
, with Sherlock, I’d be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way.”
John had to bit his lip to keep from laughing; Sherlock looked so confused.
“I’m sorry?” The man frowned, his steps faltering. “What people?”
John interrupted her before she could finish. “Sarah, don’t.” Ever since their lunch, she had been trying to get John to reach out to Sherlock.
“If I’m being honest, with it all said and done, I’m relieved it ended. I think I only asked her to marry me because I thought it was what we were supposed to do. We’d been together for a few years, and that’s what was done. I cared about her, well what I thought I knew of her anyway, but there was never really that spark.” Certainly not the same kind of spark he’d felt with other people… felt with another person.
“No one else does.”
“Here.” Sherlock shoved his phone into her hands. He couldn’t talk about this, he wouldn’t let himself even entertain the idea of it.
“Oh my, yes. He more than got the job done. But,” Sherlock said, letting his voice drop into a velvety rumble, and slipping one hand around the back of John’s neck while the other slowly slid down John’s side, settling on his waist, “as satisfying as
Why the hell had he suggested they go out to a special celebratory dinner? Yes, friends did stuff like that all the time, but they weren’t really normal friends where they? At least on his end they weren’t normal friends, he who was literally running away from inappropriate thoughts about his best friend in order to maintain some semblance of a regular friendship. He who ignored pretty much anyone who might possibly be flirting with him in order to spend more time with someone he couldn’t have – it wouldn’t be fair to anyone if he tried dating in the state he was in. But he wanted to take Sherlock out, he wanted Sherlock to celebrate this milestone in his recovery, and on the surface, it was no different than any of the other countless meals they’d shared. Their back and forth was the same, the snark was the same, the admonishments of gaps in knowledge were the same, but something felt off. No, not off, something felt different.
With a smile that could only be found on a man well on his way to smitten, Sherlock sent off a quick replay, before stepping into the shower. He knew he was going to be in for a lecture from Mycroft when he found Sherlock had ducked out of the gala early, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. Meeting John was worth all the long winded lectures Mycroft could possibly give.
“What do you mean ‘what’?”
“You can take me anywhere!”
“I will. And… uh… and thank you for making me go to A&E, and… um… and for everything.”
“Of course not.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. Honestly. “I am in need of a flatmate regardless of my temporary medical issues. I was already putting out feelers before I landed myself in here. We clearly get along well enough to co-habitate. Like I said, perfect solution.”
“But he’s alright?” Sherlock asked, his voice wavering, afraid to hope.
“What do you mean I pull off the look? I’m just wearing a shirt.”
Thank god John was there.
Post-physical therapy, Sherlock's life is back on track, until...
Sherlock slid the silver band onto John’s finger, and though he had just been wearing it not too long ago, it felt different to him somehow. That piece of metal forever bound him to Sherlock, it told the world that he loved and was loved, that he’d found his partner and his match.
Because I'm the neediest person I know, please let me know what you thought of the final confessions (well, not final, there's still more to come in the next chapters). Drop me some of them comments, and maybe I'll let them have the happily ever after they deserve.
“What was that?” Sherlock snapped.
A long weekend away with Sherlock... at Sherlock’s house... with Sherlock’s parents. That could be… something.
“Oh God! Well that’s not my type!”
And later that night when Sherlock crawled into John’s bed once again, if he lay down a little closer than usual, hugged BuzzBee just a little tighter, neither he nor John thought to make any mention of it. Sherlock felt safe, protected, and so no matter what happened next, win or lose, at least he had that. He laid there for a while and watched as John slept, enjoying the closeness they shared – even if this was the only closeness they’d ever have – until finally sleep pulled him under as well.
Everything about the man was captivating, and everything about him was untouchable. John didn’t have a snowball’s chance in hell with a man like that, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t look, couldn’t admire something so gorgeous if only for a little while.
“No, it really couldn’t.”
“Seriously Johnny, I go back in one week, and I can’t, in good conscience, leave knowing you’re still in your funk, that you’re not out
“Pardon?”
How they got into his bedroom, John will never quite know, but eventually he finds himself flat on his back with Sherlock, posh shirt lost somewhere in the journey, looming over him. Sherlock makes quick work of John’s jeans and jumper, leaving John in just his pants, harder than he’d ever been in his life. Finding it almost criminal that Sherlock’s lower body is still clothed, John starts tugging at Sherlock’s jeans. Taking the hint, Sherlock sits up and works his jeans down his narrow hips.
~***~
Sherlock was just about to leave, giving up on the evening as the fool’s errand that it was, when he saw him. Blond, on the shorter side of average, clearly fit, but not trying to show off, and perhaps two or three years older than himself. Well, no one could accuse Sherlock of not having ‘a type.’ Unlike the previous three men, this man lacked all the cocksureness and smarm, and after a moment’s hesitation, he seemed to almost steady himself before approaching Sherlock.
, John Watson’s world came to a screeching halt.
The walk back to Baker Street passes in comfortable silence, their fingers laced together, completely absorbed in each other’s presence. Every so often Sherlock lifts their joined hands to his lips, brushing feather light kisses to John’s knuckles.
For someone so smart, Sherlock is such an oblivious scamp, don't you think?
hasn't
“What?” John murmured, his voice coming out low and muffled as his lips slid along Sherlock’s jaw. “What do you need? Tell me Love… tell me what you need.”
The shower took longer than strictly necessary given they were only using it to rinse off, but when sharing a shower with John Watson, it was difficult not to linger just a bit; especially when John Watson pushed you up against the tile wall and started snogging you breathless. Loath as he was to admit it, Sherlock was still only human and therefore completely powerless against John’s charms.  But all too soon they had both re-dressed in their discarded t-shirts and track bottoms – Sherlock decided to forgo is delightfully ruined pants – and were gathering their stuff to leave.
“You seem to know a lot about the different traits that define the races of Middle Earth.  Should I be concerned?” Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow.
Sleeping soundly, completely in love. Is there anything better for our boys? All that's left is epilogue where we find out if these two crazy kids can make a relationship work, and get just a peek at some of those better demons Sherlock was talking about (which should be a hint that these two crazy kids to make it work ;) )
Welp, we've survived 16 chapters of cliffhangers, cockblocks, oblivious idiots, and dozens and dozens of dino nuggets, but we made it!
“Well he seems to think so.” Sherlock shrugged. “Since then he and his ‘friends’ have taken to shoving me or hitting me, anytime they see me.”
“You think?”
“I don’t know.” John breathed, resting his forehead against Sherlock’s. “I don’t know, but I want too. I just want… you. Only you… It’s only ever been you.” And then they were kissing again, lips parting, tongues sliding into each other’s mouths, tasting, exploring, learning everything about the other.
John laughed, that he most certainly was. “So was there anything you needed, other than to tell me you were peeping on Sherlock?”
“You may believe that to be true for now.” The man sighed. “But I’m the closest thing to a real friend that Sherlock Holmes is capable of having.”
“Oh Sherlock, welcome home, Dear!” She cried, rushing forward to hug the unsteady Sherlock. “Come, come, we’ve got everything ready for you.”
“Didn’t you say Emily grew up in a foster home, Nessa?” Mrs. Rachlin’s friend asked, speaking up for the first time that evening.
The walk to Molly’s uncle’s office took an eternity. Had the hallway always been so long? And it was so deserted. All the times he’d been there before, he’d pass at least a couple people, but at the moment, there was no one. The only sound was the click, click, click of his and Molly’s footsteps echoing off the walls.
John watched as Sherlock turned the skull over and around, running his hands along the cranium, examining it from every angle.
Sherlock wasn’t mad at him, at least not as far as John could tell. No, he was the first to offer congratulations on John’s acceptance into the Bart’s summer program with an all too short, all too stiff hug. He even took John out to dinner to celebrate. Granted they went to a restaurant whose hostess had contacted Sherlock with suspicions that two of the busboys were stealing customer credit card information – they were – but it was still a nice meal. Sherlock had even waited until they were finished with dessert before confronting the thieves. And then there was John’s birthday. Not only did Sherlock willingly attend the party Mike had thrown together at Becca’s flat – it was honestly more of an excuse for the team to get together than a celebration of John’s birth – but he had also organized something for just the two of them to mark the occasion. Sherlock had arranged for an after hours trip to the planetarium so that John could ‘tell him all the useless intricacies of the universe’, and had given him the most amazingly comprehensive ‘starter’ medical kit. It was the most perfect birthday John had ever had, or it would have been perfect had Sherlock not made a point of putting a seat between the two of them as the stared up at the faux stars.
“Oh, like for the cases you work on?” John asked, his eager grin back to full capacity. It was… nice. It was… relaxing.
“I’m honored.”
“Incredibly fit footballer, eh?” John laughed. “Should I be nervous?”
Don’t let this be a mistake. Don’t let this undo the apology.
Next up, Sherlock starts the search.
little comments last a week. When they aren't together, John has to endure everyone asking where Sherlock is, and apparently Sherlock is in very much the same boat. No matter how many times John reminds them that he and Sherlock are just friends, no one seems to listen. It’s even more difficult to convince the select few who know, or strongly suspect, about extent of their….friendship.
“Oh yes. I’m not giving you, remember?”
s, all to help me fend off some pricks who like shoving me around? Someone you hardly even know.” Who the hell does something like that? Who the hell is that… nice?
“Oh, I think I can think of something. But it’s safe to assume that, once I’m done with you, we are going to be needing to take another shower.”
Mycroft’s ‘house’ – if it could even be called a house – was almost as bad as having to go to a facility. No, it was just as bad. It was hard enough trying to escape Big Brother’s watchful eye, he wasn’t going to make it easy by living with him. He fought too hard, for too long, to get out from under Mycroft’s thumb, only to go back voluntarily.
“ARE YOU ALRIGHT!?!” John yells to Sherlock, voice tinged with panic. “Sherlock, answer me! Are you alright!?!”
“I mean, it’s not as exciting as going off to be an army doctor, but the idea of my last year of University is pretty exciting. For me at least,” Molly says
“If you want to be picturesque about it, yes. If you’re amenable, or course.” Sherlock adds before latching on to the juncture between John’s jaw and ear.
I lov –
“But I know I can do it. I know I can! It’s just my… it’s just my… only my transport is six! I could probably
“That’s all I wanted to hear.” Mycroft said, looking like the cat that got the cream. “You can pick the car up Saturday morning, and I want it back Sunday afternoon in the same condition as you got it with a full tank. Are we clear?”
John returns to London, and meets the elusive third Holmes sibling.
John wasn’t sure he deserved so much praise. There were a number of times Harry was spiraling and he waited to step in, and just let her go.
When John wakes the next morning he finds himself still entwined with a sleeping Sherlock, wild curls tickling his chest. After that night, they start spending the night after they have sex, waking up to lazy caresses, and leaving together in the mornings. Neither of them says anything about this new development.
Of course John is kidnapped the day after he and Sherlock finally get together. Gotta make John going missing even worse!
“That’s one word for it. You’re five minutes late, I was starting to think you’d forgotten or something.”
“Yeah, alright, alright, I’m going. But call me if you need anything, anything at all.”
“I know, but it might be nice to sit at the table every once in a while like normal people.”
“Is that ok?”
“Ah yes, ‘the confession.’” Mycroft said. “Now I know how much trust you have in your little…
“Much better.” Lips brushed and Sherlock’s stomach did that thing again. “Happy birthday, Love. Now come on, tell me, what did you think of your first gift? Live up to the hype?”
“And I’m sure you believe that, dear. It’s just…” She trailed off.
their entire encounter by now; how desperately John wished he could too.
“I was going to apologize for overstepping and promise never to do it again, but clearly…”
“Totally, and completely.” John replied, interrupting Sherlock’s train of thought and lifting their joined hands to his lips. “There’s no one who has ever, or will ever, come close to you. You’re the one for me, Sherlock Holmes. I’m sorry it took me so long to finally get my act together, that we wasted so much time.”
Sherlock pulled away at that, and fixed John with a stare John guessed was supposed to be intimidating, but with his blown pupils and kiss reddened lips, Sherlock couldn’t quite pull it off. “You were hoping
“John – I’m – I’m going to – John, I’m…”
********
“Because this all started after he left. Whatever it was you two argued about, I’m sure you can fix it.”
“Ah yes, our official anniversary is in May, but we have a bunch of other anniversaries too.”
“Five and a half years, that’s like a lifetime ago. You don’t want I was like five and a half years ago.”
“Yes.” The man nodded.
They sat still for a few moments, accommodating to each other, when Sherlock began to move. It was slow at first, a gentle rolling of his hips, as if he were searching for the correct angle, the right position, searching for…
He had feelings for Sherlock. He had just talked himself through his own damn epiphany. While trying to rationalize and ignore what had happened, he had made himself see that he had actual feelings for his best friend and flatmate.
“I was simply –”
“As I recall, you didn’t need all the much convincing when your mum and Mrs. Hudson came to us with the idea,” came John’s toothbrush muffled voice from the bathroom.
“Oh Sherlock!” John beamed. “So good of you to stop by. How are you doing? Feeling alright? Any new pain or notable damage today?”
Life doesn't seem to change for John. He goes to his classes and studies, he does shifts at the hospital, and he goes to football practice. John feels like he has ‘I've shagged a bloke’ tattooed across his forehead, he feels like his body language is positively screaming that he’s now, without a doubt, officially bisexual. Yet no one seems to notice this monumental shift in John’s world, no one except for Greg. When John shows up for football the following Monday afternoon, Greg has only what can be described as a ‘shit eating grin’ spread across his face. If were to see her, John can only assume that Molly would be sporting a similar excited expression. But, all things considered, life goes on as usual for John.
The rest if the drive passed like a breeze, and all too soon they were pulling up in front of John’s flat.  Oh God did Sherlock want nothing more than to accept John’s invitation up, but he had to return the car to Mycroft – bloody useless Mycroft.
John found lunch with Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock – though the latter only picked at his plate – to be rather enjoyable, despite Mrs. Hudson going on and on about being pleased Sherlock had finally found someone,
“Yeah? So what do you think I should do about it then? How do I get him out of my head?” After everything he said to Sherlock before he left, John really didn’t see himself getting a second chance.
“And you’d like to talk to me?”
“Oh, it was definitely awkward… at first,” Sherlock said with a smirk, “but then we decided to have more sex, and I ended up marrying him.”
“That’s fine. We’re taking him to King’s College.” The paramedic said, signaling to the second ambulance. “You need to checked out too.”
Another thing that made John’s impending departure even worse, was Sherlock could not figure out the identity of the woman on the precipice of stealing John away – or more like, the woman John was going to willingly follow out of Sherlock’s life. She had to be someone special to have earned so much of John’s focus; John who couldn’t be bothered to lift a finger, and actively begged for escape during the preparations of his own wedding, but dove head first into planning a weekend trip to a friends’ anniversary celebration.
“I can’t.” He knew she meant well, but Sherlock had to make his mother see ‘a bit of a break’ was impossible. “I can’t just stop. I can work in tandem with Lestrade, I can start investigating different avenues. We can get twice the amount of information, in half the time!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come now,” Sherlock chuckled, “it’s pretty hard to forget the face of the man who saved your life not twenty-four hours ago.”
Folding the borrowed suit, John left it a chair in the corner of the room, grabbed his bag, and headed to the door. As much as John regretted losing a paycheck, he really did need every bit of money he could get, it was that he didn’t get the chance to say goodbye to Sherlock, which weighed heaviest on John’s mind. An evening simply walking around a room full of stuffy aristocrats with Sherlock, was the most fun John had had in a long time. He hated that it had been cut short.
aren't
For hours, John laid in bed, tossing and turning, unable to turn is thoughts off. He couldn’t get Sherlock out of his head. He couldn’t stop thinking about Sherlock’s eyes, the fear and panic in them as he clung to John’s arm, begging for him not to leave him, to save him. Not since O’Neil, the first kid rushed in from the battlefield and placed on his table, did a patient stick with him. Like Sherlock, O’Neil had gripped John’s arm and plead with John to fix him because he needed to see his mum again, said that he couldn’t abandon his mum. John had followed O’Neil through his recovery, and had even kept in touch when O’Neil was discharged home. But this was ridiculous, John had been in dozens – if not hundreds – of dangerous, high pressure situations where a patient’s life depended on him, and he didn’t react like this. Hell, Sherlock wasn’t even John’s patient. Sherlock was in the care of other doctors now, he was their responsibility, and he was going to be fine. So why couldn’t John stop thinking about the strange man in a long coat who chases criminals?
Finally snaking one arm between their bodies, Sherlock covered John’s hand with his own, taking over. “My hand… bigger.” He panted.
“Anytime.”
“Okay, I posed that as a question, but it wasn’t really a question.” She sighed, stepping fully into the office. “I checked the schedule and we both don’t have patients for the next two hours, you’ve eaten nothing but vending machine food all week, and I still owe you for coming in on your days off. I’m treating you to lunch, and as your boss, I forbid you from declining. Now grab your coat, we’re going.”
“I don’t skulk!” John just lifted an eyebrow. Damn him. “Anyway, after he realized I had nothing to do with the theft, or abandoning the car, I told him my observations, and he actually listened.”
“No, I don’t know.” He had an idea.
Sherlock’s eyes shot open, his hold around John’s waist tightening. “Don’t you dare!” he groaned, sounding almost like a growl. “Don’t you dare take this away from me. I have waited too long, I’ve wanted this too much, for you to never kiss me again. I swear I’ll frame you for murder if you even think about –”
“Your sheets, is it true they’re five hundred thread count? I am a fan of the finer things, and I could never be comfortable in something low quality.”
“I couldn’t agree more. Should we decide to do this again, in addition to pretending we don’t know each other, we’ll just pretend we’re can’t see the other wearing a wedding ring.”
“Oh here you go again, playing your damn medical student card.”
has arrives, and John is standing on the train station platform with his family. As the clock creeps closer to 2:50, and no sign of Sherlock, John hugs his crying mother and Harry, and boards the train. It was a stupid hope anyway, but at least he got his answer, Sherlock doesn't care about him.
“What, really?” John frowned. “Why?”
Mind over matter, control. Sherlock successfully managed to break John’s – admittedly loose – grip after two tries. However, the problem occurred when he attempted John’s little ‘sweep the leg’ suggestion, and ended up getting his own leg tangled with John’s, and came crashing down in a tangle of limbs, landing right on John’s chest. He had never been this close to John before, he felt his heart racing in his chest, he felt short of breath – and he suspected the fall had nothing to do with it – he felt like he was…
“Sherlock?” John sounded groggy; his voice barely above a whisper.
“You just have a look on your face; I thought something might be wrong.”
~***~
There was a spark in Jack’s eyes as he laughed and dipped down to capture Sherlock’s lips in a brief, tease of a kiss. “I’m asking if you’re a top or a bottom. I can go either way, so it doesn’t matter to me. Besides,” he said, biting his lip and eyeing Sherlock a best he could given their positions, “I can tell I’m going to be more than satisfied no matter what.”
“Bed.” Sherlock shivered, and pulled John towards the bedroom –
“Please do dear.”
Left alone with his parents, Sherlock didn’t have to wait long before an orderly came to escort them to decent sized room not too far from the ICU. A curtain divided the room in two, and there was already one bed waiting on one side of the room, the other half was empty, presumably John’s bed would fill that space.
“Top,” he breathed. “I want to be inside you. Let me… Please let me –”
This was ridiculous, what was he doing here? He was definitely out of place. He should go. Yeah, he should just go home and see what’s on telly, maybe update his pointless blog. He was leaving, he was definitely leaving, he just had to find…
“Oh it’s just upstairs, follow me.”
“And that’s lessened the severity, someone being present and being aware of them?” Ella asked, again writing down notes.
“You think ‘GF’ stands for girlfriend? I’m not fifteen years old.” John could feel his blood pressure rising. Alright, Sarah’s text could have been easily misconstrued, but still.
“We are,” Sherlock smiled, “but you’ve clearly been plotting since Saturday, and it seems a shame for that all to go to waste.”
“Well, if you have nothing concrete, you could always –”
“That’s the spirit! Now what about her?” Bill asked, pointing to a short, pretty blonde with a pixie cut, laughing with her friends, “She’s your type.”
“Consider it my Christmas gift to the class.” John said, his laugh sounding nervous. “Speaking of, what do you Holmes’ do for Christmas?”
– with me.”
"What makes you so special!?” he growled, leaning in close, almost revealing himself from the shadows, almost.
“Alright, Sherlock, what’s going on with you? You’ve been acting tetchy since you got up this morning. Is something wrong, is there something you’re not telling me?”
“Good.” He nodded when the kiss eventually ended, some of his confidence restored. “Now that that’s settled, what are the plans for the rest of the day?”
John chuckled. “Bloody mind reader, you are. Mostly I’m trying to figure out how to pass the time. But the sleeping together thing is part of it, yeah.”
“No! Not like that!” Sherlock frowned. Honestly, did he seem high, did ye seem like he was coming down? “A regular person. I just… ended up spending more time with him than I originally planned. It left me a bit… confused.”
“I’m sorry, I don’t think we’ve met,” John said, curling a hand around Sherlock’s shoulder, his eyes still focused on Theo, “I’m John Watson, and I believe I just heard you telling my boyfriend that there was no way someone would be willing to date him. I must be mistaken since here I am… dating him.”
Now on to the conclusion of last chapter's cliffhanger...
Even as the investigation slows, Sherlock's resolve never falters.
“Well, umm.” God, why was he so nervous? He had no reason to be so nervous. “You said you’d think about it, and I was wondering if you… I know it’s a bit early for the whole ‘meet the parents’ thing, but it wouldn’t have to be that kind of visit. We’ve been friends for a while, so it wouldn’t be strange for a friend to tag along, and now we’re… this. But we wouldn’t have to tell them, though I’d like to. Plus you were invited, and my mother never extends an invitation she doesn’t mean. I’m sure father would –”
“Ah, the real reason you’re putting up with my company.” John said, rolling his eyes dramatically. “But yeah, I think that can be arranged. I have something in the morning, but I can come by right after.”
“Ah.”
“What was I thinking?” Sherlock frowned up at John, a note of confusion in his voice. “I was thinking I couldn’t let our suspect get away. And I knew you were right there and had your gun in case he had a weapon, which he obviously didn’t.”
“Oh I don’t care.” John’s said, sucking Sherlock’s earlobe between his lips, and rolling his hips and dragging his length against Sherlock’s. “I just wanted to let you know that we have
“Well whatever you can remember. We think we know who it was, but we just need confirmation.”
Sherlock merely chuckled. “John, you have astonishing musculature.” And continued to planting kisses along John’s back, branching out and kissing said muscles.
“Are we together? If you mean are we frequently within proximity of each other, then yes. If you are inquiring into whether there is some sort of romantic or sexual entanglement between us, then the answer is no, we are not
“Your watch. There are three sets of initials stitched into the band, ‘GW’, ‘EW’, and ‘HW’. Most likely your father, mother, and sister. It’s not an uncommon practice for soldiers to carry on them something to remind them of home and family; the watch was clearly yours.” Sherlock was hitting his stride. “That being said, there was evidence of a fourth set on initials that had since been removed. You’re not the type to remove a family member, and the holes left behind did not appear to form the letter ‘W’, so not another Watson. Engagement was the more likely option since it’s tends to be an indication of more permanence… That’s… not always the case. Sorry.” He finished, looking away from John for the first time since he started his explanation.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” John said, clearly fighting to regain some composure. “I shouldn’t laugh. Working in the pool should be great for your recovery, it should really help you!”
“I’ll tell you what,” John said, walking back into the sitting room to kneel on the couch, fitting himself between Sherlock’s legs, “when I’m a real doctor, and you’re a big shot detective –”
“Oi!” John laughed, flicking a piece of beef at him. “We don’t all need to come in first all the time to prove that we’re clever.”
“That’s excellent, John, really excellent. You’re a doctor, so I don’t have to tell you how running and exercises benefits mood and reduces stress.” Ella said, jotting something down. “And how about the nightmares, have there been any changes, any improvements?”
“As I am clean,” he continued, “and blissfully clearheaded, I have absolutely no desire to
isn't
John insisted Sherlock eat something for breakfast, and Sherlock grudgingly forced down two slices of toast, and a soft boiled egg. Because of the hearing, they had both decided to skip their Friday classes, and instead spent the morning trying – and failing – to relax. In his head, Sherlock went over all the evidence and what he was going to say, and if the low murmuring was any indication, John was doing the same. Mike wished them both luck, and informed them he’d probably be gone when they got back – spending the weekend at his parent’s – and to be sure to text him how it went. A couple of the guys from the teams sent them texts of encouragement throughout the day, and at about two o’clock they started getting ready, each taking turns in the bathroom.
“Sherlock. Hey Sherlock. Bumble, relax.” John chuckled, smoothing his hand through Sherlock’s curls. “It’s really just a coincidence I got your gift today. There’s no need for any formal acknowledgements for anything other than our official one. Honestly, I happened to notice the date and decided the anniversary as an excuse more than anything.”
occupied men.”
He had just turned the corner onto his street when he stopped dead in his tracks, because there sitting on the steps directly in front of his building was Sherlock. It couldn’t be him, there was no way that Sherlock Holmes was sitting and waiting in front of John’s building. John’s misery had finally gotten the better of him, and his mind and eyes were in cahoots and decided to play cruel trick. But just then, Sherlock turned and there was no mistaking those dark curls, or those focused blue-green eyes that seem to hold John and not let go. Not a hallucination then.
“Just a bit longer. Give me one more song, I’ll say my goodbyes, and then I’m all yours.”
“Not long, no.” Sherlock lied, looking back to his laptop.
“No. No, John and I have a system. If one of use is going to have a guest, we put a pair of Wellies by the door as a warning. The Wellies weren’t there.”
John and Sherlock are finally reunited. Unfortunately, they aren't out of the woods yet.
~***~
Shameless flirting was one thing, but there was no way in hell John could keep up down on the dance floor. “I’d love to, really. But I’m not much of a dancer, and I’m actually only here to keep an eye out on my friend over there.” John said, nodding towards Bill and the redhead, who were doing what John supposed was meant to be dancing.
“Thanks. It’s good to know someone believes in me, sort of.” John laughed. “Wait, how do you know I’m any good?”
“More – More than” Sherlock moaned. “Now please – please.”
“Thank you. I know you want something more with John, because I watched you two.” Sherlock’s eyes when wide at that. “Oh, not like that.” She rolled her eyes. “I just mean that I saw you two getting to know each other, I heard you two laughing and talking all day.”
“That was good. What you did, that was quite good.” He finished.
“Probably.” John shrugged. Ok, he was starting to feel like an arse.
Sherlock’s words were like a slash of cold water to the face. “Oh… Okay then.” John said, letting go of Sherlock’s hands and sliding down the couch a few inches. “There’s not any physical attraction. I… ah… I hate to say it, Sherlock, but you’re kind of giving me some mixed signal here.”
Fortunately, Jeremy provided surprisingly detailed descriptions of the men who’d approached him, and it took Sherlock one day to identify the intruders, brothers Simon and Jason McCall, both with rather impressive criminal histories. It was another two days before he’d managed to track them down to a small flat in Croydon. From there it was a simple matter of determining their next move, and waiting for them to make it. Eventually that move came, which brought him to be sitting next to John in the back of an unmarked police car at near eight in the evening. They had followed Simon, clearly the brains out of the two, to a warehouse along the banks of the Thames where, if Sherlock was correct – and he was – the sale of the necklace was set to take place.
“Ms. Holmes!” John says, turning to greet Whitney as she reaches passed him to grab the book he was aiming for. “Now I feel embarrassed, though you’d think I’d be used to the downsides of being this short by now. Thank you.”
“Hmmmm, no. Pining’s bad, Pining’s very, very bad. No pining,” mumbled Sherlock as he stalked across the room to loom over John. “I say we put all thoughts of horrible, horrible pining out of our heads, and we test out this bed, see if it’s up to our standards?”
“And I love you, John Watson… Though the heart doesn’t actually play a role in love. The brain is really the organ responsible for love. So I’ll say, I love you with my whole brain.”
“Obviously.” Muttered Sherlock, not looking up.
“Absolutely not!” Sherlock had to bite back a cry as he bolted upright, his body exploding in renewed pain, black spots obscuring his vision. “I don’t need a hospital. I told you, I’ll be fine.”
“I don’t know about settling, but something tells me the frequency of the late night pacing is going to take a dramatic decline for the next few months.” John mused, glancing over his shoulder at the man himself who was obviously trying to make it look like he was tuning them out, but the small smile on his face gave away the truth.
As much as he hated it, and as much as he didn’t want to interact, that piqued Sherlock’s interest. “Why?” he asked quietly, refusing to meet John’s eye and instead looked more at his chin. “What did he do?”
“THE CASE!” Sherlock’s irritated voice broke in, his face turning an almost alarming shade of red. “There’s been a burglary. Can we talk about the case, please!?” He was adorable when he was embarrassed. John probably shouldn’t be thinking that about his friend, but, well he was. There was no denying it; John found Sherlock adorable, among… other things.
doesn't
Fortunately Sherlock was spared having to come up with any sort of reply, because the bell finally sounded for play break, and the rest class was up and scrambling towards the door. Still a bit shaken by how much he was sharing with the classroom buddy he’d known all of an hour and a half, Sherlock slumped back in his seat and let out a deep breath. John was so open and honest and
“And earlier, when you saw me fall…” Sherlock’s eyes grow wide, the light appearing to have finally dawned on him, “you were scared, you didn’t know if I was alright or not, and you thought…”
“I guess the company I keep has been rubbing off on me.” John smirked as the color rose to Sherlock’s cheeks.
The silence began to stretch, they just stood there staring at each other, John with his cocky grin and Sherlock feeling at a loss for the first time in… in forever. Sherlock had to do something, say something, anything, before he did something incredibly foolish.
“I have a hard-enough time saying no to you over normal mundane things, after everything you just said, do you honestly think I’m even capable of saying no.” John sighed, then forced himself to look serious. “Although, there is one thing I need to know before agreeing to anything.”
Sidenote: The asthmatic using her inhaler as a spray is from and episode of 'House'. Mycroft's fake name is a nod to Stephen Fry who plays Mycroft in the Richie Sherlock Holmes movies. You can see how really creative I am. :)
“What?”
“Amazing.” John sighed several long minutes later.
A special thank you and tray of dino nuggets to those of you who left comments on almost every chapter. Seeing those notices and seeing you actively enjoying my work (even when you were cursing me), made it all worth it, and makes me want to keep writing!
“I know, it’s almost like I enjoy staying alive. Weird.” John laughed. “Come on, it’ll be my treat. Plus we’re dressed all fancy like, might as well make the most of it.”
Now John was legitimately afraid his heart was going to escape his chest, he had been in Kandahar the last time he felt it race like this.
At this Sherlock smiled again, and actually had the gall to chuckle. “Oh John, you have to know it’s going to take way more than any fall for you to get rid of me. You’re rather stuck with me I’m afraid. Besides it wasn’t even five feet. I’ve tripped and fallen further.”
“I know, I know.” John hummed, rubbing what he hoped were soothing circles on Sherlock’s back. “But then we have two whole uninterrupted weeks in New Zealand. That should be amazing, yeah?”
“I think you might be right.” Sherlock yawned. Though he hated to admit it, with everything it had gone through in the past day, his transport demanded rest.
“Oh, I thought Sherlock told you; I’m not just moving in for Sherlock’s recovery. He asked me to share the flat.”
(See the end of the chapter for
he thought,
“You’re a true genius Molly Hooper, thank you.”
Let him be alright. Please God, let him be…
The wait for news was agony. Sherlock was confined to a wheelchair, the only way the hospital would allow him in the waiting room and not a hospital bed. His parents sat with him in silence, his mother never letting go of his hand. Mr. Watson paced. The police tried to get a statement from him, but aside from saying it was James Moriarty, Sherlock said nothing, unable to concentrate on anything other than John.
“Oh that. Well, you know what they say, Greg,” John chuckled as he watched Sherlock roll his eyes and head down the stairs with far more grace and ease than he’d seen him do it before, “sometimes children just need a firm hand.”
Again, I've been mean to John. I'm sorry. Also, I should note that the website in this chapter is fake, obviously
John’s head was dropping with greater and greater frequency, and it was taking longer and longer for him to bring it back up, for his eyes to open. He had been awake for over twenty-four hours, and he had just started to doze, when the sound of choking and several alarms going off, brought him back to full wakefulness. The breathing tube, Sherlock was choking on the breathing tube.
“Oh…” Sherlock said, feeling a slight pang of disappointment. “I don’t, I don’t mind that it’s closed. There are still the rest of the gardens for us to enjoy.” John had clearly put a lot of thought into this trip, and he was not going to let one little closure spoil all of John’s planning. He was not going to let it spoil John’s day.
“More than. I’m just surprised, that’s all.” John chuckled. “I sort of expected you to be eager to finish what we started before dinner.”
Hey Sherlock,
He could hear John make his way into the flat, and move to sit down. By the sound of denim on fabric, he had picked the red upholstered chair. Interesting that John chose the ‘spare chair’, and not Sherlock’s favorite leather one.
shown up.”
“Good,” John hummed, “because you’re stuck with me forever.” And, lifting himself on to his toes, he pressed his mouth to his husband’s.
“What? Didn’t you believe me?” John smirked, feeling his smugness was justly earned.
“How did you…”
They spent the next couple of hours putting the finishing touches on ‘the plan’, practicing how they would attack. It was pathetic to say the least, hardly any better than John’s original ‘get stabbing’ approach, but they were down to the wire, it was go for broke, or just accept fate, and Sherlock Holmes never accepted anything as juvenile as fate.
“So I… uh… I only booked one double.” John said out of the blue one day, about two weeks after the suit incident. “Not that I’m presuming anything, of course.”
“Well it is our anniversary weekend, Love. If everything goes to plan, we will definitely be needing our privacy.”
“Taken care of it? You’ve taken care of it how?”
They sat a bit to close on the couch while eating their Chinese and watching the movie. Also Sherlock may have
read your text, he didn’t just glance towards the light, he actually read the message. And he
When Sherlock left the bathroom, the flat was empty, John was gone. He had thought John might have tried to put up a bit more of a fight – the very definition of a stubborn soldier – but he probably knew a lost cause when he saw one. Good, Sherlock neither wanted nor needed John around. Out of sight and out of mind, Sherlock could go back to focusing on what was actually important; finding cases. Now if only the out of mind part were as easy as the out of sight.
If I've said it once, I've said it ten times, comments and corrections are a girl's best friend (or at least this girl's)
“Sherlock,” Sherlock corrected quietly, his voice barely above a whisper.
“That’s nice. But my answer’s no.” Who the hell did this guy think he was to think John would ever betray Sherlock like that?
“So what you’re saying is that this is all my fault then, us taking so long to get to here. Is that it?”
“Don’t flatter yourself. I just mean that when you open your mouth, I don’t immediately want to kill myself.”
“Right, of course.” Sherlock cleared his throat, trying to regain a bit of his composure. “You clearly played an important role in this couple’s relationship. You should be there.”
“In exchange for what?”
“Hello?”
“Good. Now that that’s settled, there’s just the small matter of what our new name will be. Holmes-Watson, or Watson-Holmes. I’m assuming you want us both to have the same configuration, and not just tack on each other’s name onto our own.”
“Ok, I think that’s enough.” John laughed nervously, cutting Sherlock off. That wasn’t nice, he was just going to say that if John were his John he’d – “Dr. Drier says you’re good to go.”
Sent from my iPhone
“Last night?” Oh God, whatever happened must have happened just after John left him. Why didn’t he bring Sherlock back to his flat? Screw privacy, he should have just asked him to come back with him. “Where is he now?”
“I thought we were going to do this your way.”
Sherlock flushed at this, and looked away before speaking. “Usually he just slips me the files, and then I tell him what I see. Though a few times he’s let me on the scene when there aren’t too many higher ups present.”
“Sorry. I – ah – I got a bit carried away there.”
“I’m heading out to lunch.” Sarah said, popping her head into John’s office a week after the whole Sherlock incident happened, “care to join?”
“Though I believe this version is more to my liking. The melody is rather lovely, and any lyrics would just distract from it.” Sherlock mused, returning his attention to the music.
Sherlock’s mouth felt dry, his face felt hot, and his chest felt a frenzy. “John…” he swallowed.
“You knew?”
Unfortunately, John was also probably – definitely – just like every other jock Sherlock had ever had the misfortune of meeting. And Sherlock had been on the receiving end of one too many ‘boys just being boys’ assaults, to be fooled by tussled blond hair, a kind smile, and deep blue eyes filled with what looked like concern.
– your arms were around me, I could feel your breath against my neck. I couldn’t –
His name wasn’t even out of John’s mouth, before Sherlock had jumped out of his bed, threw himself into the chair next to John, and brought John’s right hand up to his lips, kissing his palm. “I’m right here, John. I’m right here.”
busy, so don’t even think of interrupting our se… our holiday.”
Wandering around his flat, John is surprised by how much he had become accustomed to Sherlock’s things. Gone are the random ‘barrowed’ police files, Sherlock’s textbooks, the assorted clothes, and his ridiculously expensive soaps. John’s flat feels empty now; without Sherlock, John feels empty. Walking into his bedroom, that’s John spots it sticking out from behind his bed. One of Sherlock’s scarves must have been overlooked. Blue cashmere with a slight checked pattern, it’s one of John’s favorite, one of Sherlock’s too. John should probably return it to him, but he can’t bring himself to part with it. Holding it up to his nose, John can still detect Sherlock’s smell, and everything he’s feeling crashes over him again. Clutching to the scarf like a lifeline, John gives in to his sorrow, and lets himself cry.
“What I do or don’t do with Sherlock Holmes, what we are to each other, is not of your business
It’s seven o’clock and if John knows him, and he does, Sherlock will be arriving at the flat within the next seven minutes. Four minutes later, he hears a noise outside his door, but no knock. Looking through the peep-hole, John sees Sherlock just standing there, fist poised to knock, taking deep breaths.
“Springy. You’re ridiculous John. And you’ve got me off track,” Sherlock said with a sigh. “I came here to tell you that he tried to grab me again just now. Came up behind me and tried to wrench my arm behind my back –”
“It was all rather simple.” Sherlock mumbled.
A slightly larger helping for you all today, I hope it makes up for that stunt I pulled at the end of last chapter!
“Oh… ok, good… So, what’s in the box?”
Next up, John's first 'first date' in years!
“No, no waiting,” moaned Sherlock, breaking the weak hold on his wrist to fumble at John’s belt and zip. “You stopped us before, for dinner. You can’t – you can’t stop us again. You can’t make me wait a second longer.”
John was on his feet before he even had time to think. “He’s fighting the tube.” He said, addressing the nurse who had come rushing into the room.
John actually recoiled, looking as though Sherlock had reached out and slapped him. “You’re right.” He said quietly, shaking his head. “No, you’re right. I’m not your boyfriend, and I’m not your minder. But what I am is your friend, and I’m just trying to look out for you.”
Tearing his gaze from Jack only long enough to glance past him and at the window, Sherlock smiled. Snow. “Just like last time,” he hummed.
They didn’t have to wait long for Sherlock’s nightmares to become a reality. After leaving them alone for a full day, Moriarty came for a ‘visit’ the next. Apparently seeing John suffer wasn’t cutting it anymore, and making Sherlock watch the light leave John’s eyes, was the only option he had left.
“Same thing as last time, to see how you’re doing. Your eye’s looking better.” The swelling had gone down and the bruise was starting transition from a bluish-purple to a more yellow color. Still, it was a nasty sight.
“No, it’s not that. Sherlock didn’t send me, he doesn’t even know I’m here. Something, um, something happened.”
“Oh dear,” John hummed, “I’m not sure I would be able to live with myself knowing that I’d prevented one of the greatest minds in generations from thinking.”
“Yeah, that’s probably the last thing I want to do. Believe me, no amount of help on casework is worth walking in on that,” said Lestrade with an overly dramatic shudder. “I’m sure we can manage the rest of the night without you two.”
"Because,” Sherlock purred. God that voice, “when you drip something on yourself, and you will drip something on yourself, I get to be the one to lick it off.”
******
“Oh tell me about.” Lestrade chuckled. “Boy troubles. You don’t even want to know.”
“We’d just met.”
“What time is it?” He asked, sitting up next to Sherlock with his back against the headboard, completely unaware of the storm raging in Sherlock’s chest.
“Molly just texted,” he lied, “she says she has a diseased spleen for me if I’m interested. I’m just going to head over to Bart’s and have a look.”
Most of the time, they’d do their own things, but inevitably, they’d end up doing their own things together. Sherlock started working on experiments almost immediately upon returning home, and John immediately made a mental note to always double check
“Good morning, John.” He smiled, several breathless kiss-filled minutes later.
“Do you want my number or something?” John asks when it’s time for him to turn down his street. “You know, so I can see a crime scene.” He adds when met with a puzzled look from Sherlock.
“Maybe you shouldn’t have told her she was wasting her time reading physics.” John chuckles, making an ice pack for Sherlock’s soon to be bruised cheek.
Mrs. Holmes rolled her eyes. “Blindingly.” She laughed. “So back to my original request, you’ll promise to take care of him?”
“There’s absolutely nothing to worry about. The antibiotics should take care of any possible infections, and his pain meds will help him sleep. He should probably be out for another few hours.” She said reassuringly. “Now I’d suggest you get back in your bed and get some rest, you have a bit of healing to do yourself. How is your pain, do we need to adjust your medication?”
“So… what you’re saying is… I’m… I’m your… best… friend?”
Getting a drink proved easier said than done, as John didn’t feel like pushing his way through the people crowding the bar, and fighting to get the bartender’s attention away from the pretty young things batting their eyes and flashing some skin. God, what the hell was he still doing here? And why did being thirty-five make him feel so old?
Kissing up Sherlock’s long, pale, perfect neck, and along his jaw, John eventually reached those soft, addictive lips again, and taking care not to overstimulate Sherlock’s sensitive body, he pulled out, swallowing Sherlock’s whimper with slow, gentle kisses. He’d be an old man before he grew tired of kissing those lips, and maybe not even then. John’s heart fluttered at the idea of being able to kiss Sherlock as an old man; that years, decades, down the road, he’d still be the one to have Sherlock Holmes by his side, he’d to be the one to kiss, the one to hold the mad, brilliant, idiot of a man. Probably best not to get ahead of himself, but it was a vision of a future he very much liked.
“Seventeen minutes?” Sherlock frowned, that adorable crease forming between his brows.
“You… You what?” John frowned, he was not making this easy.
Sherlock just shook his head. “Nothing, never mind, I should probably be going.”
“He’s still in our room. He wouldn’t let me get any help last night, but this morning I heard his alarm and saw he had plans with you. He’s mentioned you a lot, mostly in passing, but yeah… I figured you might be able to help. He might listen to you.”
“Nothing of import,” John shrugged, taking a seat at the foot of the bed. “Don’t worry.” He was lying, Sherlock had said something stupid, he knew it. But it couldn’t have been too horrible; there would have been no way John would have brought him back to his flat. John would have just called Mycroft to deal with him if he had done or said something too revealing.
“Whoo whoo, boys?”
“Not enough.” He groaned, and surged forward, recapturing John’s lips and kissing him back in full force.
alive. Now… turn over.” Sherlock whispered, nipping at John’s earlobe.
“Oh God Sher – Sherlock, Sherlock,
“Fine,” Sherlock huffed. “Dinner last night. Now, can we get back to –”
“You can’t possibly expect me to stay inside!” Sherlock huffed, limping into the kitchen after John.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” John tried desperately to get a handle on his laughter, Sherlock looked so put out, but he couldn’t help it. “I know I’m good, love, but I don’t think I’m
“I’m sorry, but because of his state, visitation is restricted to family only at the moment. You’re going to have to wait until Mr. Holmes in a more stable condition before you can see him.” Dr. Cook explained apologetically.
“Where is he now?” He asked shakily.
After looking around the flat for a bit, John found a book and settled back into the red chair. It was so… ordinary, yet for the last half hour or so, Sherlock kept finding his eyes drawn back to the man sitting in front of him. John was only reading about unsolved murders in the Victorian era, his tongue popping out to wet his lips every so often as his eyes continued to move across the pages, but Sherlock couldn’t stop watching. Why? Why couldn’t Sherlock retreat back into his mind palace as he normally did on days such as this? What was it about John, this ordinary man, with his neatly kept blond hair, his nice but common clothes, and his cautious but relaxed manor, which prevented Sherlock from being normal, or his version of normal?
*******
“Sherlock.”
“Dad passed on his drinking to Harry. Mum refuses to acknowledge the problem, and refuses to leave Dad because she believes ‘divorce is failure’. And I was usually the one to keep things calm when problems started. But…”
“Ah, but the human memory is a tricky thing. It’s all quite objective.” And at that, Sherlock swooped down to reclaim John’s mouth, stopping any possible retort. John did not mind in the slightest.
“I promise.” Sherlock nodded. “And condition two?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Well I’m up here now.”
And now for a special surprise, I've written a one-shot, peek further into the future, snapshot into their lives, second epilogue/sequel! It's pure fluff inspired by one line I wrote in this chapter with no serious plot. I just love John and Sherlock and I can't stop writing them. It'll be posted Friday, so look out for that!!!
John’s eyes went soft, and Sherlock could have sworn he slid down the couch a bit, closer to him. “No, it’s a struggle, I get it. When addiction takes a hold, it’s hard to regain control. But you did, you’re not letting it define you. That’s what counts.”
And now we have Whitney, because that's just what John needs another Holmes
“Yeah, absolutely. I told you before I’m dying to see you in action!”
Sherlock looked confused. “My clothes? I’m wearing clothes.”
“Uuh, breakfast. Breakfast is boring. Plus I don’t have anything in.” Sherlock grumbled, slumping down.
Sherlock just nodded. Strictly speaking, it may not have been John’s escape maneuver alone that him off balance.
Sherlock solved it within a half hour of arriving at the scene. The nurse had in fact braved the snow to do her duty and check on her patient, only to find he had died in the night of natural causes. She then decided to supplement her income a bit by stealing some of the more pricey items in the house, and tried to make her employers death seem suspicious, thereby making the real crime, the theft, secondary to a possible murder. Like an idiot, she figured reporting it herself would shift suspicion off of her.
“Well, sorry if I did. And you can call me Greg. I mean, technically I’m still here in an official capacity, but also I’m that idiot’s emergency contact, so...”
“You’ve really thought of everything, haven’t you?”
“No, not that I know of.”
Well, John knew one thing for certain, Sherlock would always keep him on his toes, and he’d never be bored.
Waking up together after a second fun filled night, wouldn't it be terrible if something were to...
Sherlock completely ignored John, which was typical, choosing instead to address the Detective Inspector. “Lestrade, text me the address.”
“That’s quite alright, dear. I hope to see you again soon…” Mrs. Hudson said, a slight question in her voice.
Why was John doing this to him? John couldn’t be that cruel, he wasn’t capable of being that cruel the person he claimed was his best friend. Was he? No, no, John wasn’t like that. Could he just not see what it was doing to Sherlock? Did he just think Sherlock didn’t care? Well Sherlock did care, he cared quite a bit.
The restaurant was happenstance, the dry cleaner’s is coincidence, but if John were to meet Whitney again, now that would be a pattern. And the universe does so love a pattern.
“John, you must be joking. A firsthand account of modern battlefield surgery, why wouldn’t I want to read though that?” Even while admonishing John, Sherlock sounded almost giddy. “To see the way current procedures can be adapted when supplies are lacking and conditions are precarious, this is an invaluable opportunity!”
“My brother would love that.” Sherlock huffed
“I don’t care. Just make it something with a lot of sauce, something messy.”
~***~
“Fit is not the issue, John.” John could hear the scowl. “It’s the pattern, it’s garish!”
Maybe it was just the fact that they’d shared orgasms – rather spectacular orgasms – just hours before, and were now stuck in the flat together, and John wasn’t doing the expected, wasn’t trying to talk to him. That must have been it, he just wasn’t used to this type of situation, and he’d certainly never had any
Sherlock didn’t doubt that. It was probably best he not continue on that particular train of thought. “Why Lestrade,” he said in an attempt to shift the conversation, “I had no idea your interests ventured beyond the fairer sex. I can’t make any guarantees, but I’m sure I can put in a good word for you with John if you wish.”
“Oh, right, sorry.” Fiancé, if only that were true. “Yeah, I’m John. John Watson.”
John was exhausted, in pain, and for once, gave his captor the truth. “I’m…. I’m not… I don’t know.”
“That over the next fortnight – I plan to have you numerous times – and in all manner of ways – in order to determine – how sex with a spouse – differs from sex with boyfriend – or fiancé.”
“My thinking is distracting?” Sherlock could hear John’s frown.
“John… I didn’t –”
“Doctors are always needed, and the fact that you got tattooed told me you weren’t one to just leave when your tour was over, so there must have been another reason for you not longer being active duty. You rolled your shoulder throughout our entire conversation as if it pained you; a shot to the shoulder could cause nerve damage, which isn’t ideal for a surgeon, the fact that it was to your dominant side only compounds that.”
about it. But just because it’s you asking.” John says, giving Molly what is meant to be a reassuring smile.
“Sherlock dear, is that you?” Said an older woman, probably in her mid to late seventies. “Is something the matter? I thought I heard voices.” She stopped abruptly when she saw John. “Oh… hello.”
“What was that, Honey?”
Sherlock watched as John licked his lips, shifting just a bit closer. “John…” he breathed.
“Oh, right.” John then grew quite for a couple seconds, before nodding. “Well… would you want me to come in with you?” He asked.
It was possible Lestrade said something in response, but at that point Sherlock had stopped paying attention. He found himself preoccupied with the sight of John with his head thrown back against the window, and the all too familiar sound of John’s laugh, the one that originated deep within his chest. It was infections, Sherlock was powerless to not join in.
That’s just what Sherlock needed, both of them going at him. “Apologies.”
I just want to thank everyone who has read, kudo'd, and commented on this story. It's the longest thing I've ever written (I added about 5000 more words as I was editing!) and I really enjoyed writing it, so I really hope you enjoyed reading it.
“Now his computer has given us nothing, other than his kidnapper is tech savvy. But this is London, the entire city is crawling with people capable of cleaning a computer like this.” Sherlock was babbling. “And I spoke to everyone who lives and works around there, and they didn’t see anything. I’ve spoken to everyone connected to anywhere even remotely connected to the search, and I get nothing!”
“I didn’t expect this!”
“Very,” Sherlock hummed, gave John a quick kiss on the cheek and turned back towards the quartet. “I hate to admit this,” he said after a few minutes of listening, “but I don’t recognize any of these compositions. I wonder if they’re original pieces.”
“Six years ago today, on the night we got together, I told you that I wanted us to be ‘one hundred percent,’ and for these past six years, I have given you everything, and I know you have given me everything too. But now I want to give you more, I want more. I want these past six years to translate into all our years, into forever.
*******
I love being vague
“I won’t lie, the timing is fortuitous, but that’s all it is, a coincide.” Sherlock pointedly ignored the look Mycroft gave him from beside John. “If we had met under different circumstances, I would still need a flatmate, you’d still need a new place, and I would have still suggested you take the second room.”
“Are you sure?”
“Not the entire time.” Sherlock blushed again. He really needed to get that under control.
AHAHAHAHAHA! COCK-BLOCKED AGAIN! I really am the worst, I'm sorry. But hey, at least they got to kiss again, and Mummy Holmes approves. That's something, right?
It was ridiculous that they even needed to review the evidence at all. The defense was just getting desperate and throwing up roadblocks, grasping at straws. The case was sound, the evidence was sound. The case was airtight, and as long as the Crown Prosecutor assigned to the case wasn’t a complete moron, a conviction was almost assured. But getting a man who poisoned seven people, killing three, off the streets was imperative – and Lestrade was very insistent he aid them – so Sherlock went along with the pointless review.
“Yes, because they’re pitiful. Lestrade is just handing off the easy cases he doesn’t want to bother wasting his time on. He’s just trying to placate me like I’m a child.”
“Delete what?”
“Oh don’t worry dear, we get all sorts around here.” Mrs. Hudson winked. “The ones next door are married even.”
*******
“It will,” John nodded, “but if something goes wrong, I want you to know that I lo…”
“Don’t,” John cut him off. “I really don’t want to talk about…
*******
“But I already have one.”
“Yeah, I guess there’s that.” John chuckled a little before shaking his head. “Alright, enough of that. I want to hear about your cases! Tell me about the one you just finished? Or are you sworn to secrecy or something?”
– no more –
Oh God, leave it to sweet little Mrs. Hudson to broadcast his and Sherlock’s sex life to a room full of their friends. “Right, forgetting we just heard that, I’d prefer to keep Sherlock’s romantic side all to myself, thanks!” He laughed. But it was true. Sherlock wasn’t romantic in the conventional chocolates and flowers way; he was romantic in a wonderfully unique Sherlock way. Stopping in the middle of a case to make sure John ate, playing soft violin pieces and rubbing John’s stiff shoulders after a long shift at the clinic, draping himself over John after a stressful case, and the way he gave everything of himself to John every time they made love. That was how Sherlock Holmes did romance, and John would take that over chocolate and flowers any day.
They stopped outside the door to Carrows, John knew the on-campus residences were in the opposite direction from his flat, so this would be where he’d have to leave Sherlock. He didn’t really want to go just yet, but he didn’t know what else to say, so he just stood there.
Jack moaned around Sherlock’s cock, his tongue swirling from root to tip. Jack was toying with him, letting his teeth graze along Sherlock’s shaft before suddenly swallowing him down completely, all the while never breaking eye contact. It was all Sherlock could do to not buck, to not thrust, to not force himself as far down Jack’s throat as possible. Jack’s hand traveled slowly up Sherlock’s bare chest, his fingers burning trails of pure ecstasy as they went, and Sherlock was on fire. He hadn’t felt anything quite so good since… not since… Every muscle tensing, Sherlock felt as if every single cell in his body was screaming.
“God yes.”
You've
Sherlock was about to protest when he felt a hand rest on his shoulder. “It’s alright sweetie, we’ll see him when he’s transferred.” His mother said soothingly. “He’s safe. John’s safe, he’s going to be alright. And I’m sure they’ll let us wait somewhere a little closer until we can see him.”
“Don’t you use that tone with me, young man. I have your mother’s number, remember.”
“I know, that’s why I’m asking you if you’ve done it. Do you think you could maybe walk me through four and five, point out what I’m missing?” Molly asked, smiling weakly.
Surely he wasn’t so transparent that Lestrade could see?
“Mmmm, the Banyard stakeout
“Who?”
Lestrade had just stepped up beside Sherlock, as Mr. Watson opened the door. “Good afternoon Mr. Watson. I’m Detective Inspector Katherine Lestrade, and this is Detective Sergeant Patrick Evans.” Lestrade said, nodding towards Evans.
“Hit me or walk away.” Sherlock smiles. “Usually both.”
“I will. Ta, very much.”
“At least for the rest of the night, then. You’ve yawned three times in the last half hour, let’s just stay here… like this.”
Sherlock was so lost in his thoughts he failed to notice Ms. Keller, his teacher, had stopped talking, and the students were breaking off into pairs. It wasn’t until he heard someone speaking to him that he came out of his head.
Oh, obviously. But John couldn’t really argue with him, the couch was one of the few places where they had yet to have sex one way or another. Their very first night in the flat – before any of their furniture had arrived – they’d thrown down some pillows and blankets and thoroughly christened the sitting room floor. Sherlock had joined John in the shower earlier in the week, and their bed… Well in the two weeks since moving in, the bed had been christened about twelve times, nineteen times if you count those that occurred within a half hour of each other. It really wouldn’t be fair for the couch to miss out.
of course.
“I don’t know what to tell you, Sherlock, I don’t have anything for you.” Lestrade sighed, massaging his temples.
As it turned out, Sherlock had miscalculated precisely how much time was left on the clock, and everything came to a head the evening before John was set to leave.
There was never a more beautiful sight than that of the grin that overtook John’s face as he laughed. He knew what he meant; John always knew what he meant. The fondness, it was their thing, their own special thing.
What a wonder a hot shower can do, John thought as he wrapped a towel around his waist.
(See the end of the chapter for
NOT AN ACTUAL CHAPTER
This is a super short chapter for you today, it's more of a set up for the good stuff (emotional and
Sighing heavily, Sherlock slipped out of bed and padded into the sitting room to retrieve his dressing gown from the floor  where it had fallen the night before – he never did know when Mrs. Hudson would decided to pay another visit, and it wouldn’t do for him to be lounging about in the nude. He was just sliding his arm through the last sleeve, when heard a muffled ringing coming from the red chair, John’s chair. Reaching down between the arm and the cushion, his fingers closed around John’s phone, it must have slipped down there sometime last night. Before he could decide whether to take John his phone or not, the ringing stopped, and the phone pinged signaling a missed call. Well, he would just tell John when he got out of the bathroom.
“Appears so.” Sherlock panted, he could feel himself blushing slightly. “And hurry.”
