“We lost our pack.”
They both laughed.
Steve must have had the same thought because his arm tightened around Tony. They both were quiet for the rest of the night.
Jan cackled. “Don’t worry, Clint and I are on the case! We’ll take care of it.” She gave him a pat on the cheek and ran off to wherever Clint had gone.
“Don’t you dare. You were in surgery yesterday, it’s too soon.”
“Tony! How are you faring?” He stood up and was at Tony’s side in a flash, guiding him to a chair and handing him food and drink which Tony took eagerly, suppressed hunger roaring back to life. Steve introduced the people at the table as Clint, Bruce, Hank and Jan. Tony nodded at them politely.
Steve ripped the top off the envelope, and held up the name inside for everyone to see.
Steve wanted Tony on the jet and by his side, not gallivanting off with the man Kane had earlier termed his “more charming counterpart”. Not that he cared what villains said. Or where Tony went. He had no right to stop him, and Brian was leaving soon anyway.
“I know women who can run in six inch stilettos, I'm sure three would be fine.” Brian agreed.
Tony was bent over the desk trying to process this. Why the hell had they picked him? He had let the atrocities of the Capitol continue for years, living his life in ignorance and excess. People were dead because he hadn’t kept track of what happened to his designs after he handed them over to Stane. And the worst part was that if things had gone differently, he wouldn’t have changed. If he hadn’t chased after Steve and been sentenced to fight in the arena, he would still be living on like he always had. And now the whole country was expecting him to fix everything?
“Steve! You’re alright!”
“There, it’s done. I don’t know why you guys are making such a big deal out of this, just call a contractor.”
“Friday, can you give me the instatement date of that override code?” he asked.
“Alright, I like red, obviously enough.”
Steve rolled out of the bed and walked to the door. The door knob came off in his hand, broken from when he had forced it earlier. Another thing he had broken. He walked out and pushed the door shut, and it stayed mostly shut. He walked back down the hallways to get back to his room, where Sam was standing.
Instead it turned out that Steve was deluding himself; Tony thought they’d be best as friends and was going to go out with some stupid knock off Captain America. He didn't even have a shield! It made Steve so frustrated he wanted to scream, but he refused to get in the way of Tony’s happiness. If he wanted to date Brian, then Steve wasn’t going to stop him. Until Brian turned out to be evil, which he undeniably was, in Steve’s totally unbiased opinion. Then Steve would punch him right in the kisser and Tony would be so impressed he’d forget about staying friends and they’d immediately go out together.
“I'm going to hang out with Brian before he has to go back.”
Tony could see that he would not be persuaded on this matter so he picked a different argument. “Either of us could die in the coming battle, it is better to not become attached.”
Tomorrow I’m going to wake up in an army cot, and sneak down to the hunger alone. I’ll wield rockets on the legs of a mech suit, and fly to a small German museum along the border. By time I get there, the invasion will have begun and you’re plane will have been shot down. I’ll fight my way down through three levels of Chitauri, and find the queen. I’ve done it before, I know how to do it again. I’ll use the grenades to kill her and end the loop and the war with it." Tony looked away.
Tony looked down at their hands then back up. “If you’re interested, I could do the same for you. Show you the ropes.”
“Since when are you a quitter?” Tony asked, already scooping. He got more powder in, after spilling most of it on the table. “There, perfect. Are you impressed? You should be impressed. I’m like a master of ingenuity here.”
“Yeah, yeah. Things are good. Things are really good.”
“Right. Now take your clothes off.”
Tony knocked him to the floor, and Steve didn’t resist.
“What did Liberty say?”
“I'm good! Great. Excellent as always! Yes. Yup.” He rocked back and forth on his heels, which looked rather odd considering that he was wearing the travel sized equivalent of a tank. Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. Lord give him patience. “So Stark….”
“I didn’t say anything.”
“Guys, it’s no big deal,” he tried to explain.
The Captain looked him over, taking in the threadbare clothes and dusty calloused hands. He seemed to decided that Tony was telling the truth.
Steve walked behind him to nudge his feet further apart, and put a hand on his hip to shift Tony’s weight to his back foot. Steve’s hand was warm and rested on his hip for longer than most men would be comfortable holding another man for. Maybe Tony wasn’t the only who who batted for both teams, if you wanted to get into baseball metaphors.
The black screen reflected his face back to him and he looked like he had just seen a ghost.
Tony twisted himself in the bed so that their legs were lying parallel, and he was sitting up next to Steve. He rested his chin on Steve’s shoulder and Steve let his head rest against Tony’s. “I promise I’ll never ask you to stop putting yourself in danger, but it kills me when I’m the one who is helping to create the threat. This, Ultron, the Accords....”
So, painted the barn, decided he should stay, fixed the fence, decided he should go.
Steve leaned over and kissed him. He had intended for it to be quick. Instead he found it lingering, Tony pressing forward every time he pulled back. Steve gave in to enjoying it, curling a hand through Tony’s hair and letting Tony take the lead. He put his other hand on Tony’s back, his fingers rucking up his shirt to find warm skin. They finally broke apart, and Tony kept a hand on Steve’s face, his thumb gently rubbing his cheek. “I’m glad you’re back.”
Clint whistled. “That’s quite the story.”
“Well, we are in love, Darling,” he said flippantly, trying to break the tension that was rising between them.
“Or else what? What will you do?”
“Not my cow! Well, she is my cow. All cows! They all do this because eating grass is actually really hard.” he tried to explain.
Tony hugged him and Obadiah Stane, President of Pandora, patted him roughly on the back. Tony immediately felt better. Obie was practically his dad, since his parents had died four years ago. And even when they had been alive Obie had been much more of a parent than his actual dad. Obie wouldn’t let anything bad happen to him.
They charged towards the building and through the hole in the side.
“Plans, lots and lots of very detailed plans. We could finally be together, after all the Capital has done to keep us apart. If only Thor wasn’t hurt, we could right now. I’d show you a good time, would you like that?”
“What did they do to you? Oh Tony, look at you.” Steve said softly.
The segment with Christine played, and when the camera cut to Tony it was a close up head shot where he said everything he was supposed to. They skipped the whole interview with the boy from 12, instead showing a small banner on the bottom of the screen saying he was sick and unable to come up.
Tony swallowed and tried to think of an answer that wouldn’t raise Steve's suspicion further. Back when he had worked as the chief blacksmith and engineer, Hammer had served as a black smith as well, doing the basics such as horseshoes and wagon axles while Tony did the delicate work necessary for an unbreakable blade or the tiny motors for the planes. Hammer had always thought higher of his work than it truly deserved in Tony’s opinion, and he had never risen any higher in status under Thor. Once Loki took over and Tony was imprisoned, Loki would have needed a new head smith and Hammer likely jumped at the opportunity.
Steve got on the bed and leaned against the headboard, his arms crossed. “Well, I’m doing my best with what I got.” He retorted, some bite in his words.
Obie looked at him and Tony resisted the urge to squirm in his chair.
“So, what do you think about Moore’s Law?” he finally asked, curious to see if it was possible for the kid to get even more uncomfortable as he tried to bullshit his way through an answer on a topic he had never heard of.
“You won’t remember, so I’m an open book. Anything you want to know, ask; it’s yours.”
“You want to die of salmonella?”
He pushed his chair out and walked back to the training room. Tony followed a step behind. “Hey, wait, I’m sorry-” as soon as he stepped inside the room Steve was in his face, grabbing him by the shirt and slamming him into the wall. He was much stronger than his slight frame suggested and panic started to build in Tony’s chest. All the stories he had been told about the district people being violent rose to the forefront of his mind.
“Thank you. That's why I'm here, actually. My pack needs assistance.” He clenched and unclenched his fists. In its entire history, the Rogers pack had never asked for help. They had always kept out of the petty dramas of the other packs, preferring to raise cattle in isolation. For almost two centuries they remained healthy and prosperous, the lack of fighting and surplus of food making them the largest pack in the west. Then things started to go down hill. Steve didn't know when or why it had happened, but he had always lived a life of hand me down clothes, and bills paid off with loans, which were in turn paid off with other loans while the bank breathed heavily over their shoulders. The pack dwindled down from over a hundred to ninety, then fifty, then to just twenty people. As of today, they were down to three. There was no one else left, the entire legacy of his pack now relied on him to preserve it. So that's why he was here, begging at the feet of Obadiah Stane, the acting alpha of the Stark pack. The new greatest pack in the west, built on blood money earned from selling advanced weapons to their lucrative military contracts. They forgot all of the old ways, the ways of the wolf. They lived almost entirely in the human world, and didn't function as a pack so much as a corporation, with levels of workers and bosses with Stane at the top. Please check your inner wolf at the door, and do remember to pick it back up again on the way out, he thought to himself mockingly. Steve wouldn't have even been able to guess Stane was a wolf at all, behind the Italian suit and under the layers of expensive cologne and more expensive cigar smoke. It rackled him deeply that this was the leader of what his society now considered the most successful pack. Had Stane ever run wild through the woods, chasing down rabbits with his pack mates? Had he ever climbed a mountain so he could howl a little closer to the moon? Had he ever burrowed deep into the snow, and trusted his thick coat to keep him warm as he waited for an elk to pass by? Looking at his fat manicured fingers covered in rings, Steve doubted it. Every fiber of his being was telling him to just challenge the man, to rip out his throat and take his money and lands for himself. But that wasn't how it worked anymore. The packs had treaties. The packs had rules. (Not that that ever did his pack any good.) He couldn't take on the entire system with two other people, and whether he liked it or not, the old ways were dead. So now he was here, to grovel on his belly like a pup for a treat.
Tony put his phone down and turned his attention to the tv where the 11th district had just appeared on screen. After a couple minutes of waving, the camera shifted to District 12. Tony leaned forward and took a good look at the boy. He looked like he hadn't had a good meal in weeks, and he had deep bags under his eyes, visible under the layers of makeup they always slapped on the contestants. He was wearing a red white and blue spandex jumpsuit, with a white star on the chest. It looked as dumb as the other costumes in Tony’s opinion.
“I’m not being prissy, I’m just saying that you if you don’t set clear expectations, I don’t know what you want. You’re a closed book, I never have any idea what’s going on with you. One minute you’re sending me to bed without dinner like a misbehaving pup, then the next morning you’re literally cheering my name. Now you’re back to all angry and quiet. It’s a fucking roller coaster and I hate it.”
Tony never could resist a challenge, Steve thought to himself warmly. Tony stood up and Steve clapped a hand over his eyes. “Jesus, Tony, you’re still naked.”
“Well, well, well. Look who we have here.”
“So Tony, I imagine this was quite the surprise. Remind us what you did before this?”
Steve grabbed Tony’s arm and pulled him deeper into the trees. “I need to talk to you. Alone.”
Tony tipped his chair back and looked up at him with an unapologetic grin. “Well maybe you guys should try for a response time that could beat molasses. I've seen turtles that move faster than you guys. You know I built the quinjet to go supersonic, right?”
While Steve explained the situation Tony went back out into the hall to try to find the control center, Clint and Thor coming with him in case there were more guards. Clint had taken the peacekeepers gun and Thor his baton, so when they rounded a corner and found another peacekeeper Thor quickly bashed him over the head and he dropped to the ground, unconscious. He had been guarding a large door, and this time when Tony pushed it open it was the control room. Fuse boxes for the building lined the walls, and people sat in front of screens and screens of security cameras. Clint stepped forward and waved his gun threateningly. “Everyone put your hands up and stand against the back wall!”
“It looked painful last time.” Steve continued, his concerns not assured. He never wanted to hear those horrible noises Tony had been making again. Better for them to talk it through now, awkward as it was, then have Tony get stuck halfway and leave Steve having no idea what to do later. “Is there any way I could help?”
“Tony is an expert at talking a lot and sharing absolutely nothing. I think I’m safe.”
Steve frowned, seeing his friend’s logic. “Still though… Bruce's birthday is coming up, and I want to get him something, and for you and Nat when it's your birthday. Celebrating birthdays is an important part of team bonding, and we can't do everyone else and skip Tony, as annoying as he may be right now.”
Tony blinked. That was a lot to take in. “Was that really- I mean, I was your first kiss? Aren’t you like 18?”
In this chapter, they go to the pawn shop and the store.
“That’s my boy. I’m doing this because I love you. And to avoid any more trouble, I’m assigning you a peacekeeper.”
Tony’s voice cut through his thoughts. “Rogers.”
“How about one kiss? Then we’ll go back?”
Vanko cleared his throat, and Tony left his side regretfully. This man could be the key to reunited with the rebellion, and was a hero to thousands, Tony included. Tony prayed that he would make it.
“This is probably why you're the team leader. You do you, but I'm going to start team bonding next birthday.” He got up and wandered out of the room. Steve sat on a desk and starting trying to think of a gift idea.
“Oh Tony, I don’t need a class to see what’s right in front of everyone’s noses. Your choice? Really? You stayed inside all day everyday, no time for your friends, not like you had any anyway besides me. Everyone else only stuck around because you paid them. Then your folks kicked the bucket and suddenly you’re out every night. We had such nice times together, remember those? Now you’re hanging out with that pale lump of lard and you’ve stopped calling me, stopped calling Obie. You finally show up here, days later, and you’re all beat up. We’re all concerned Tony, we just want what’s best for you.”
The next question was if Tony felt the same way, and it was answered two nights later when there was a knock at his door.
Steve sensed a hole in his story and continued, leaning forward aggressively.
Tony’s fingers tapped absentmindedly on the sides of his mug. He bled nervous energy at the best of times, and Steve was sure that wasn’t his first cup. Caffeine made Tony chatty so he decided to risk a pointed question.
On the TV it showed them in the supply room, where Tony had been wrapped around to Steve to try to hold him up and Steve had been leaning in close to tell his secret. Without context it looked like they were two lovers who had snuck away for a private moment, and that's how Stane described it to everyone watching. He also pulled up records showing that Tony had broken into the training rooms and talked to Steve, and that he changed the scores from the skill test to put Steve on top. Stane even brought up the fact that Tony had watched Steve’s reaping video thirty times, and not bothered with any of the other contestants.
Steve swallowed. “Was it a good day?”
“Tony!”
Tony shook his head. “No, I want you to be in it.”
“Cutting it close, aren’t you?”
Steve shook his head. “We have to find and kill the queen. That’s the only way to stop the loop.” He walked through the kitchen and peered outside the window. His eyes widened. Outside on a long gravel driveway was a two person rotor plane. He pushed the back door open and went outside. Tony grabbed his arm.
One of the white armored guards stepped forward and Tony took a half step back, blocked by Obie from retreating any further.
He grabbed Tony’s wrist and forced him to hold his hand out, palm up. Tony looked up at him with tears in his eyes. "This hand built the plane that killed Bucky and his dragon. This hand forged the swords that brought down the rightful king and killed my friends." Steve slashed the knife across his palm, severing tendons and splatting the floor with blood. Tony screamed and held his hand to his chest. The cut on his palm burned and he felt blood soak into his shirt. He tried to move his fingers and nothing happened. He looked up to see Steve with his head hung low. He let the knife clatter to the ground. “Without the full strength of your hand you will never again build another weapon, and you can spend the rest of your life living with the guilt.”
Closed, opened. He didn’t think about anything because any thing he thought about would be bad. Closed, opened. Time passed, presumably.
“So you paint and write?” Tony asked. “You’re a jack of many trades.”
Steve giggled. “Wow, they really got you guys good up here. Sh’ funny. I’m living in a cage but at least I know it.”
Tony felt his forehead. He felt cooler than the previous day, though still warmer than he should be.
Back at the table, there was an almost palpable tension. Steve was purposefully avoiding looking at Tony, and Sam was keeping his head down, picking at his food. Clint and Natasha were sending each other glances, and Thor was fiddling with his empty cup, instead of smashing on the floor and asking for another in his usual boisterous way. Tony broke the awkward silence by loudly pushing his chair back. “You guys ready to leave?” He asked.
A thin woman in a suit stepped into the room, and beckoned him forward. He stood up, straightened his shirt, took a deep breath, and strode into the fancy office with a fake smile plastered on his face. The walls inside were covered in modern art, so basically thousand dollar paint splatters. The man he was here to meet lounged behind a solid mahogany desk, smoke from his expensive cigar gently curling towards the ceiling. Steve could still hear the damn clock, all the way down the hall. He looked around, noting that there were no other chairs. Some sort of intimidation tactic he guessed, as he tried to decide what to do with his arms. They trembled at his sides so he crossed them, then quickly uncrossed them because Jan told him that made him look hostile This morning she had tried to jam in a lifetime's worth of negotiation skills into his head on the half hour ride over, while Clint laughed like a hyena from the truck bed and suggested that they just duke it out like real wolves. She was probably sitting in the pickup right now, plotting with Clint for what they would do once he fucked this up. Maybe if he did better than they’d expected, they'd lie about it. Pretend that they’d thought them up on the fly, that they hadn't all gone into this knowing this would be their last chance, and everything was riding on Steve ‘fight me’ Rogers being diplomatic. They should have just sent Jan, she would have been a hundred times better at this. But she wasn't an elder, and wasn't the alpha wolf of the pack. So here he was, in one of Bucky’s old collared shirts, because he didn't own one of his own, trying to play proud and powerful pack alpha, with a total of two other pack members, a ranch mortgaged to hell and back, and twenty bucks cash between the three of them. He wondered if clenching his fists was considered more or less hostile than crossing his arms. He wondered if it would matter once he opened his fat mouth. He wondered if this meeting was ever going to start, or if he had spent an hour waiting in that stupid room with the stupid clock, just so he could spend another hour having a stare down with Stane. If he won the staring contest, could they skip the talking and he could just leave? Or was he supposed to lose as a sign of respect or something? Jan barely got through the ‘no punching during polite negotiations’ level of rules, he had no clue if there were secret eye contact codes. Blink twice if you're willing to go lower on the price, keep staring until your eyeballs dry out and pop out of your skull if you want more. Fuck this. He looked away and cleared his throat. “Thank you for agreeing to see me today, Sir.”
Steve hugged the coat to his chest. Was this pathetic? This was probably pathetic.
“And who might you be?”
Jan shook her head with a sigh. “He likes it here. He likes us. Next time your abandonment issues flare up, please just go talk to him instead of ruining our poor washing machine.”
“The swelling has gone down, that’s a good sign. Maybe tomorrow you could stay down here, and it’ll give it a chance to heal up more. Is the pain alright?”
“Yeah?”
Steve continued after taking a deep breath. ”So, the man with the ball said that he wanted something, a matched set. What did he mean?”
“Why don’t you take a walk, and let us talk in peace? I think there are things that need to be shared solely between us.”
Steve patted his hand. “It’s ok, I asked you to play along at being in love, and you did great. We got what we needed, didn’t we?” he said, moving away. Tony grabbed his arm.
Stane shook his head. “We all have jobs, real jobs, we can't drop everything for summer work. And those real jobs pay enough that we can buy the meat from the store.
Tony sauntered over to the bed and laid his head in Steve’s lap. He looked up with puppy eyes and Steve snorted. He gave his head a pet and Tony closed his eyes in bliss. His fur was more wiry than soft.
“Was that a tablespoon? It didn’t look like very much.”
Clint spun around idly in the chair. “What are you going to do? It's technically his house, and it is his birthday.”
Natasha smiled. “He let you off light because he feels bad you’re hurt. Still though, that’s good to hear.”
Outside there was a loud roar as the rebels broke through the front door, knocking down the last of the peacekeepers and rushing through the building.
“Very well done. You want to try shifting back?”
Steve muted the TV and walked around the couch to the kitchen, where Tony was dumping the spilled flour from a dustbin into the trash. He wrapped his arms around Tony's waist and rested his chin on his shoulder.
The journey to the castle took a week on foot, with them hauling carts of food and weapons behind them and stuck at the pace of the slowest man. Tony could tell that Steve was impatient. Each day they spent traveling increased the chances of them being spotted and Loki being forewarned of their arrival. Tony was glad to take their time, dreading their arrival at the castle. Once there questions would start to arise, on how Tony knew how the planes and catapults worked, and how he knew his way around. If anyone there recognized him and called out his name, his ruse would be up, and Steve would know his true identity. He considered telling Steve now, but if he took it poorly and attacked him as he had promised to do, then the planes would go into the air at full force and bring down the dragons and the resistance along with them. Tony couldn’t risk it. Even if Steve left him be, imagining the look of betrayal on his face rendered Tony’s heart in two.
Tony got the impression most of the contestants didn’t have any fighting skills, with a few notable exceptions. The two candidates from 8, the red headed girl and the blond boy, both used the target range, and they hit the bulls-eye over and over again with deadly accuracy. Tony got the impression that they would have rather been shooting the judges than the targets.
Steve nodded which made the room spin. It was pretty. He should try to paint it. He turned his head to tell Tony and time stretched like taffy. It was dark, the room was different, and now Tony was working on a tablet in a small chair to the side of the bed. Steve shifted and his side and chest flared with pain. He ignored it and pushed himself upright, propping himself up on the pillows. Tony caught his moment and hurried over the bed to help him. He forced the pillows into shape and Steve settled into a half sitting position.
Tony looked away.
Clint leaned back in his chair. “He's a weird guy, isn't he?”
“Are we flying?”
That was all the introspection he could deal with for today, it was time for lunch.
He used his phone to pull up last year’s opening ceremony, and watched it through. They never showed the chariot from district 10. Tony watched the sequence again, sure he had somehow missed it. There was no district 10. In the interviews, there was no female contestant from 10. How had he not noticed? He went back another year and watched through the interviews. The interview with the boy from 11 cut off after less than thirty seconds, as he started rising up from his chair. Tony went back another year. This time both the girl from 12 and the boy from 6 were missing from the interviews.
Steve nodded slowly and waited for Tony to take charge. Tony stayed where he was. It was one thing to tease the poor guy, he wasn’t going to actually kiss him if he was uncomfortable with it. If Steve didn’t make the first move then Tony would drop it.
He let the guard lead him back to his apartment and he got a vindictive sense of satisfaction from slamming the door in the peacekeepers face. Once safely inside he propped a chair in front of the door and pulled out his laptop.
“How is it that I may understand you?”
“Yeah! Like you look at him, and it's like, wow.
The next word Tony picked was four letters. The first letter was ‘F’. They decided to take a break from hangman.
“Hi.”
Steve gave him a firm shake. “Cut the crap. What did you do to our truck?”
“I caught him swinging around Queens in a old hoodie with no combat training and took him on as a intern.”
Yinsen’s eyes fell closed and his head lolled to the side.
Steve blinked in shock and shook his head. “No, my cousin did the math, that should be enough.”
He finished up painting and put the lid back on the can. He pounded it shut with a hammer so that it wouldn't dry out, and brought it back to the barn where he put it on top of the other paint can. One chore down, eight hundred to go. He grabbed a roll of wire and headed out to the fields to mend part of the fence. Another task he could do on autopilot, while he thought himself in circles. He really shouldn't let him stay. Even if they did end up getting along better now, they'd hate each in other in the end. Tony didn't want to live on a ranch. After he fixed everything mechanical, there would be nothing else for him to do unless he wanted to learn to toss hay. He doubted that. He was some spoiled rich kid, he’d probably give up fixing their furnace once he broke a nail. They couldn't afford to feed him if he lounged around the house all day. He'd be resentful living with nothing to do and no one to talk to, and none of his fancy city folk entertainment. So it would be best if he left, before he realized that they were just using him for his skills and despised him as a person and he had wasted a month of his life on a ranch in bumfuck nowhere fixing twenty year old appliances for hostile strangers. He wondered if Tony had friends back home who were missing him. Did he have time to say goodbye in the hour he was gone to pack? Or had he just disappeared, leaving that sham of a wolf Stane to explain he had married him off to some country bumpkin so he could hold on to control of his pack forever. He had figured out Stane’s motives pretty quick. If they got married, Tony would be a part of the Roger pack, and could never take command of the Stark pack. Stane would get to keep all wealth and power he had amassed. Tony was a jerk, but he was better than Stane. Everyone would be happier if he went back and married a nice wolf from his own pack. Unlike Steve's pack that was small enough that everyone was loosely related, the Stark pack was made up of dozens of independent families, who had all moved to Colorado to get in on the legendary wealth and prosperity the large pack enjoyed. With a couple hundred members there had to be someone Tony got along with better than Steve, considering it was such a low bar to meet. He stood up with a sigh.
Tony stepped out of the way and Steve felt his eyes boring into his back as he walked down the hall. Sam followed behind him.
Steve cursed but he followed Tony as he fought his way back, doing his best to stay inside the trail they had already made. Without having to cut a path the travel back was easier, and Tony swore he could feel the snow lightening and the breeze lessening with every step they took back towards the center of the arena. The storm was obviously the work of the Game Master, trying to drive everyone together for a final showdown.
The woman asked. Steve blushed and looked away, where he caught a glimpse of Tony.
The smaller boy knelt down, and Tony flinched away as he reached towards his head.
“Why are they in America if they're English? And if these birds are so great why are they using them to rob banks like petty crooks? And what do they want? Kane had control of the bank for a twenty minutes before we got here and he didn’t leave with any cash. What aren't you telling us?”
“Well the good news is that if you survive, it wouldn’t be against company policy to ask him out. He’s a contractor whose contract ended. Quit paying for tours, and you’re in the clear.”
Entirely possible.
Steve had to agree, after meeting her a second time at their do over wedding. The first one hadn’t took, since they never exchanged rings or signed the marriage certificate, so they picked a sunny day, hired a new notary, and invited everyone out to the grapevine trellis in the backyard.
“It’s not the coat. I had a nightmare and wanted to make sure that you were still here and still ok.”
The voice from the ceiling sounded resigned. “I'm afraid there is no holiday. Sir up to his usual antics.”
“Our male contestant for the 74th annual Hunger Games!”
Steve nodded and got up without looking at Tony.
“No? No what? Moving? Getting up?”
The first few weeks were terrible. People looked at us with pity in their eyes, always whispering behind our backs. Child services was sniffing around for a bit, but I’m old enough that they let it fly. We were afraid to shift on the moon, people were constantly stalking through the woods with their rifles looking for the animals who did it, before the monsters attacked their homes. Even a couple of out-of-towners came in, some sort of biology team. They wanted to relocate the animals, or maybe study them. Getting into a locked house to kill more than a dozen people is apparently ‘scientifically interesting’ behavior. A couple reporters interviewed us too. Some for the town paper, a couple nut jobs who thought it was Bigfoot. Only guy who guessed it really was werewolves sent me a letter wanting to create a team like we were superheroes or something. I didn’t respond to any of the crazies, no point in encouraging them, and eventually the messages tapered off.
“Of course. I’m a weapons developer, I’ve built all of the defenses keeping our Capital safe. The Jericho missiles, flamethrowers, the guns our peacekeepers carry, all of that was me. When I was offered the job I refused at first, I’ve never had any interest in the games. I watch the government mandated half hour per day, and that’s it. And by ‘watch’ I mean it’s on in the background while I mess around on my phone. I much prefer the Bachelor, any Bachelor fans in the audience?”
“Just because you don’t want your boyfriend’s ex hanging around too much doesn’t mean they wouldn’t be a good match.”
Seemed like bringing him from zero to a complete rage was the Tony Stark special. It was almost impressive, in a weird way. He was starting to guess that the skill was mutual, judging by the color on Tony’s cheeks and the sharp glint in his eyes.
The man gave him a wild grin. “Gladly. To battle!”
Steve felt his face heat up. Tony leaned closer. “I didn’t think it’d be the kind of thing you would like.”
“I’m betting my past to save our future. Let me do this. I know I can.”
Tony put a hand on his arm and they communicated silently. Tony winked and nodded his head at the check and Steve calmed down. Tony had a plan.
Tony looked away, fiddling with the edge of his shirt. “Yeah, what else would I be thinking? I was more interested in the green guy. I didn’t know the districts were advanced enough to have computers. I thought the Capital had offered and they always turned us down, that’s what I learned in school. Did you make a break through with them? Is that why you’ve been so busy lately? If they’re willing to accept more technology and education I think we could really start improving their quality of life.”
“I’m in heaven. I want to eat it all.”
“Our biggest strength is the dragons, they could easily bring down the walls of the castle and allow our men to go in and finish off Loki’s forces.” Steve said, pointing to the map on the table. Jan shook her head.
“I object!” Bucky yelled, skidding to a stop in front of the couple, panting roughly. His clothes were a mess and he was scratched up to hell and back.
Clint preened a little. “Never doubt my stalling tactics, Sam. Just because I run around in a purple jumpsuit now doesn't mean I'm not the best spy and secret agent in the world!”
Steve turned and Tony gulped at the fire in his eyes, the anxiety immediately coming back, though he hid it behind a cocky smirk. Steve snorted. “You’re kidding me, right? You’re the guy in charge of the area where we're going to die, you've got the blood of 23 people on your hands.”
A small portly man sweated and shaked beside them, and he almost fainted with relief when Steve entered the small room. It was cramped inside with four people, since most of the space taken up by a ceiling to floor safe.
“Today is a momentous occasion,” announced Steve from the podium. Below him was an enormous crowd of people, made up of people from all districts and the Capitol, stretching back as far as the eye could see. Large screens showed a close up of the stage, and the feed was being broadcasted out to all the districts.
Clint shrugged. “Yeah, no. Not really my thing. And I doubt you'll convince Nat or Bruce either. Maybe Thor if he's back from Arizona, though he's supposed to be there at least another week. It's probably just going to be you and two hundred of your closest celebrity friends.”
Steve kicked him. “I found it. And the comments say it’s good. Though none of them followed the recipe? Listen to this, Sonja says she also added spelt to the muffins, what the hell is spelt? And whatever kamut is, and soft and red wheat instead of flour, she added fresh ground flax seed, almond extract, and extra lemon rind and one tablespoon more butter. That's like a whole new recipe at that point.
“I would like to see Liberty too, if that’s alright.”
I love both Tony and Steve and tried to be as fair as possible to both of them. Sometimes Tony comes off as harsh or cold from Steve's perspective but inside his head he's equally invested in everything going on. Maybe even more so.
Steve put a arm around his shoulder. “I’m so sorry, I know that ring had history.”
“You owe me nothing.” Tony insisted. Steve tilted his head, his eyes hooded.
Clint looked like he wanted to say something. Natasha kicked him under the table.
Tony took his hand, and Steve pulled him down so they were both lying down facing the same way on the bed. He wrapped an arm around Tony, careful not to get too high on his chest.
“Suborbital satellites have picked up an approaching force. Estimated arrival time: four months.”
Indries' mouth fell open. “That’s a yes. God, in this day and age." She leaned in and Steve had to strain to hear even with werewolf senses. "You need to be carefully, Tony," she cautioned. "I brought you a bag. A full month’s dose. Surrounded by these savages the pull is going to be even stronger. Don’t surrender yourself to the beast.”
“You ok there, Stevie?”
“I’m not married yet. And you’re officially uninvited to my wedding.”
“Tony….?” Steve asked desperately.
After dinner Steve was tired. He always slept a lot when he was healing. The rest of the team banned him from helping to clean up, so he made his was back to his room, Tony following a half step behind in case he stumbled. Tony paused at the doorway as Steve carefully lowered himself down onto the bed.
The final cannon sounded.
“You're contractually obliged not to.” Tony responded, half serious. “We still have a week, and I could probably delay it further if I tried. We could wait.” he offered. Steve shook his head and pulled him closer.
Tony took a deep breath. Why were they so nervous? It was just a picture. He stepped forward and rested a hand on the glass, completely dry and untouched on his side.
They stood in silence. Was this a comfortable silence or a awkward one? Was there a way to find out? Could he decide it was a nice silence and leave it at that? If he said something, they’d probably fight. Was that bad? He kinda liked the fighting they were doing on the way over here, it felt more playful than mean. Did Tony see it that way? Did he like him? He was overthinking things, lost in his head like usual. What was his problem again? Not an assassin? That wasn’t it. Not intense enough. His problem was that he was dull. His idea of showing a guy a good time was taking him to meet his cows. That drunk girl was right, he needed to up his game to impress a big city guy like Tony who had already been everywhere and done everything. Not sure how he’d do that, with three bucks to his name.
Tony jerked backward, pulling his hand away and clearing his throat. “I better get going.”
“Oh, so there is nothing that you desire of me?”
Tony nodded, and let himself relax against Liberty’s side, his eyes squinting shut as Steve and Pepper started talking out the logistics.
“I examined him before you got here and I determined that it is magic, of an ancient and powerful kind. She has sent him to a realm of dreams, where he is living in a perfect world, from which he will never want to return.”
“Since when have you ever settled for ‘good’? When you build your suits, do you stop when you reach ok? When you built this tower, did you design it to be alright? Is Jarvis decent? Is the gear you built for the team mediocre?”
“I can’t hear him,” Steve said aloud, a little frustrated. “If you can hear him, why can’t I?”
Footage of Steve flipping everyone off in the chariot with his hand blurred out played on the screen.
“I can lend you my strength, as you have lent me yours. Will you let me in?”
"Goddamn, you really did it, you really made it." There was wild laughter on the other end of the line. "Yeah sure, I'll give you a ride, I'll be there in ten."
The footage cut off before Tony could see the crowd’s response.
“Isn’t it a good thing, that we’re falling back together? We were happy.”
“Are they carrot flavored?” That seemed like the most likely option of the choices. If Tony was trying to make yarn flavored muffins they were going to have a hard time.
There's body horror, physical violence, animal violence, gun violence, fighting, blood, gore, death, and loss of limbs.
They both ran back outside to rejoin the fight. The stranger grabbed a hammer from where the wall had been under construction and immediately jumped into the fight. Tony grabbed a shovel and smashed it into the first man he saw wearing Loki’s green. The man went down and Tony hit him again for good measure. There was a loud shout and Tony looked up at the wall where Loki was standing next to a long line of archers. “Fire!” Loki screamed and the archers all let loose their arrows at a bright blue dragon swooping close.
“Not even your boyfriend?” Steve said idly, not looking away from the TV. It looked like the team was going to get a walk and that was going to be the most progress they’d made so far this inning.
“You thought I was a bastard, huh? Don’t worry, you aren’t the first, there’s lots of people back home who would agree.”
Rhodey passed by them to get to his bed. “It’s true, he didn’t say a thing. Maybe you are the one who is ill.” He pressed and hand to Tony’s head and frowned. “You’re warm, much warmer than usual.”
Steve perked up and thought to himself, "Oh? Didn’t hate him? Did that mean he liked him? Not that he cared of course….
Tony looked him up and down scornfully. “Running, huh? You’re good at that, aren’t you?”
Stern righted his chair and sat back down. Both Steve and Tony leaned forward threateningly. Stern gulped. “Right. I’ll just do that right now, shall I?” With trembling hands he wrote up the papers, deposited the money, and finally the loan was paid off in full. The ranch was safe.
Steve would say, “I’m sorry, I should have told you, I’m sorry,”
“Scandalous! Let’s just start with favorite color, we’re in public after all.” Steve insisted.
“You going to behave this time?”
know it.”
For a long time I forgot that. I used it as an excuse to not think about things, I used it as an excuse to mope, I used it to hurt myself. Even after I met you, I didn’t get it, and I’m still not perfect. But Tony, you’re my Sunshine, you’re my one good thing, you’re my constant reminder that there’s a whole world out there, beyond our immediate problems, and out there anything is possible. With you, anything is possible, as long as we're together and we keep trying. Look beyond the clouds, because there will be clouds, but behind them the sun is always shining.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nothing! We were talking about cameras.”
There was a rustle behind him and he whipped around. Tony popped out of a bush and tackled him. They both rolled around in the dirt, yipping playfully. Tony broke away and was off again, this time he only made it a few yards before Steve was right on his tail. It looked like the smaller wolf still had a few tricks up his sleeve despite his inexperience. Though Tony couldn’t run as fast as him over long distances, he accelerated quicker and used that to his advantage, cutting corners and playing a game of stop and go. It helped to that Steve found himself constantly distracted. The way Tony ran, loose and free like he thought the woods would never end, leaving the slightest metallic tang of scent behind in a twirling ribbon of promise, the moon glinting off silky brown fur turning it silver, he was like a wil ‘o the whisp, a flicker of fur leading Steve to an unknown place deep within the woods. Steve felt his head spinning as he physically spun himself, trying to catch up. His fur smelled slightly of Tony from when he tackled him, further confusing his nose. He felt the breath in his chest like he was breathing for the first time, big heaving gulps, filled with the subtle spice of leaves and under it all the metallic scent of Tony. Steve broke through a bush and slammed into him, and with that the world slammed to a halt too.
“Back when I was in the army, I’d watch the guy’s who worked in the mess crack eggs one handed. They’d go through four dozen in less than a minute. I think I could do it.”
What was wrong with Tony, that his father didn’t love him, and now Obie didn’t either? What about him was so broken that the only thing he was worth to those around him was what he could be used for?
Whenever Tony disobeyed Obie punished him by ignoring him and while it was annoying enough normally he really needed to talk now.
Her motion passed easily enough, not a single person objecting. Carol turned to Tony.
“It's like a chihuahua fighting a bear,” Clint whisper to Jan, and she let out a quiet snort. Tony glared at the two of them, then turned back to Steve who was now smirking. He snarled, fangs growing. “Great! It's all settled then! Tomorrow morning you can drive me back, and we'll never have to see each other again.” He said with a sarcastic little hand clap, forcing himself back under control.
They got six mines before Tony threw up his hands and refused to dig anymore. He got to his feet and limped a few steps before Raza stepped out from the trees and got in his face. “Where do you think you’re going?”
“Pretty much. The people back home are getting impatient.”
Steve gave him an unimpressed glare. “I’m no fool, Tony. I would see that for a lie even if our bond was not screaming with your deception."
“It worked? Oh my god, it worked.” He scrambled to his feet and held out a hand. Steve cautiously shook it. Instead of letting go like a normal person, the man held on tightly.
“Thank you Tony, I really can’t tell you how much we appreciate this.” He said with complete sincerity. Tony looked back at him wide eyed.
It went to a shot of a train, which played for the rest of the video as it drove through grassy meadows. Stats scrolled quickly across the screen in a loop listing Steve as 18 years old, 5’4” and a hundred pounds even, and that was the end of the video.
“You’ve know him for a day, you’ll get over it.”
The timer went off and the time for thinking was over. He charged forward on impulse, eyes on a small backpack near the edge. He grabbed it and skidded to a stop, darting back the way he came, blood pounding in his ears and breath catching in his throat. An ax hit the ground an inch from his foot and Tony pushed himself to run faster. He made it into the cover of the trees and kept running as fast as he could. He tripped over a root and rolled down a hill, bruising his ribs on a rock and landed in a river. He heard two cannon blasts. Two people were already dead, less than a full minute into the games. He pushed himself up and looked around, panting. All of the trees looked the same. He took a step forward and collapsed to his knees. His ankle felt weirdly loose and floppy. He used a tree branch to get himself upright, and once he started walking he was able to keep moving. Three more cannons sounded. He made his way down the river until he found a small cave, and he crawled inside. He used his branch and a few others to cover the entrance, and tried to catch his breath.
Tony batted his hand away. “I am well enough.” With their escape coming soon, he could not afford to fall ill.
“Thank you friends. I thought that my time in this arena had come to an end.”
Everyone waited to see what else he had to say. Steve racked his brains and couldn’t think of a single thing else as Tony shook and kept his eyes firmly locked on the wall behind Steve. After a awkward silence and a muffled laugh from Indries, it was Tony’s turn.
“It's your birthday this week right? Well, happy birthday. There's your gift, and if you want we could go get lunch or something.”
The cave was empty. Tony curled himself into a ball. Steve wasn’t here, had never been here.
The guard’s face smoothed out as his suspicion vanished. He nodded and walked off. Steve and Tony breathed simultaneous sighs of relief.
Difficult as that had been, he’d do it a hundred times more if it meant getting Tony back.
“I think at that point I was still using the patriotic glare of disapproval. I didn’t realize the effectiveness of puppy eyes until September, at the earliest. It was all over for you after that.”
“My, aren’t you lovely. I’ve never seen you without that clunky helmet.”
“Why are you with him?” Tony asked quietly, and Yinsen looked over his shoulder to make sure that the other boy was still inside their wooden lean to.
“Yes, yes,” Hammer agreed. “Several gifts, this has been the first time a tribute ranked last in the skill test received a sponsorship. And technically you didn't receive a score at all. Sponsorship's always add an interesting layer to the game, extending contestant's time much further past what was initially expected. The both of you lost a lot of people a lot of bet money, no one expected either of you to last as long as you did, with you coming in first and Rogers in sixth. A few more minutes and he would have been top 5 and that would have sent a lot more people to the poor house.”
“No.”
“It was my fault?” He whispered. Blood dripped out of the crack, and the eye closed. Steve breathed in heaving gasps, his breathes crystallizing into fog.
“Fix him up, as soon as he can stand we have work to do.”
“I said who’s the MVP?”
“It’s not your fault, you were always so selfish, even with guilt-”
Mostly it seemed to be weight lifting. Lots and lots of weight lifting. They picked something heavy up. They put it back down. Boring. No wonder this wasn’t televised, no one would watch it, mandatory or not.
“No!” Steve screamed, and Tony looked down to see a broken tip.
“Did we really forget the first ingredient? The ingredient that makes up the majority of the muffin?” Steve asked. Tony shrugged.
“Lock them both up in the tribute’s room. Christine, with me. I need to find a way to spin this.”
“They you haven't met Tony.” Steve said smugly.
“Hey guys, what was that banging?”
Rhodey looked up from his meal. “You know it is. We wait only for the next food delivery so that we may be well stocked for our journey. What do you think of the Captain? Does he deserve all the praises sung to his name?”
Tony let out a quiet laugh. “Old ladies? It’s Obie who’d be having a heart attack. ‘That is not appropriate behavior for the pack heir, Tony,’” he mimicked, “Like I ever gave a fig about what anyone else thought.”
What had he been thinking? He had known Steve for maybe two hours, and was now buying him a fridge without asking. He needed to see things from Steve’s perspective. That meant picking a slightly smaller fridge so Steve would have space for it in his low ceiling apartment. He was being so reasonable, he was proud of himself. Should he tell Steve? No, it should be a surprise.
“You’re a master tactician, I didn't stand a chance. Now let’s eat!”
Steve frowned. “Where are you going to have your party then? There isn’t room downstairs anymore.” He hoped Tony didn't switch it to their living room, that would be awful.
No questions, no judgment, no teasing. A simple solution, offered with Tony asking.
“Where are they now?”
Steve was feeling pretty good the next day. All of the cuts had switched from hurting to itching, and Tony was a warm and comforting weight in front of him. Hard to believe that a few days ago he had been grateful to have Tony’s coat, and now he had the man himself. He rubbed his hand up and down Tony’s back until he woke up with a sleepy yawn. Tony stretched and rolled over to face him, blinking slowly. Steve brushed a hand down the side of his face, and Tony closed his eyes again, luxuriating in the contact.
On the screen a boy screamed as a girl tackled him to the ground, stabbing at his face with her knife. Blood sprayed and Tony forced himself to keep his eyes open.
“Is it a big T or a little t?”
It was too late to go that night, and the next day they had to wait until all the cows had been milked, and the milk and eggs had been dropped off in town. It was huge pain living in the middle of nowhere, since it was a 45 minute ride to town, then a 45 minute ride back to the ranch, then Stark Industries was a hour long drive the opposite direction.  Steve ended up going to town alone to drop off the stuff at the supermarket and houses, then the whole pack piled in to go to Stark Industries. Jan and Clint were still pissed at Steve, and two people had to sit in the back which was uncomfortable and made the ride feel longer. Jan won rock paper scissors, and used her time up front to glare at Steve for the full hour. By the end of the ride he was gritting his teeth and the tension was getting unbearable. Steve pulled the truck into a spot in front of Stark Industries, and turned off the engine. Tony hopped out of the back, and trotted to the front door. He swiped a card, and disappeared inside, leaving Steve alone with his pack mates. He got out of the car and turned to them with a sigh. They had got out of the truck and were standing next to each other, arms crossed. Sometimes it was very obvious the two of them were siblings. Steve brushed a hand through his hair. The responsible leader side of him was saying to apologize, and the angry twenty one year old werewolf was saying Clint needed to not be such a wimp and that he was still mad about the math mistake and they should duke it out as wolves. Responsible adult Steve was needed here, unfortunately.
They both sat back down and Christine leaned towards him.
The armor held out a hand and Steve heard the familiar sound of a repulsor charging. Steve closed his eyes. The shot fired, and Steve flinched.
Rude. Tony pulled out his phone and set Jarvis to sniffing out Steve’s address. In less than thirty seconds he was in a lyft and on his way.
“Again?” Tony asked.
“Yup. Kinda hard no to notice.”
What in the world could he say to convince Tony to leave his perfect world and return to real one, where his family was all dead and his heart was filled with metal? Should he even convince Tony to return? He was happy here, Bruce could probably hook his body up to some sort of machine and keep Tony here, happy, safe, and content for the rest of his life. The life of a superhero wasn’t an easy one. Steve had seen the bruises darkening against Tony’s skin where the suit dented after every mission. He watched Tony stretch to reach the top shelf of a cabinet and hunch over with a wince, clutching his chest where the metal ring of a missile casing rubbed against rough sawn ribs and scarred skin. He had caught Tony staring out the window at 2 am, dark circles under his eyes and a cup of scotch in his hand.
Steve swallowed. Leave it to Tony to figure it all out in about thirty seconds. If he backed out now, he would have to admit he was right, and the other thing he had learned the first week was to never admit Tony was right. Ever. Forget the other rule, this was number one. It went above touching Natasha's throwing knives or Thor's cape. So he slapped on a smile, and told Tony to meet him at the elevator in thirty.
“We’re right here.” Clint and Natasha stepped out of the woods, both covered in snow. They all met up in the center, patting each other of the pack and laughing in relief. They had all made it and were finally together again.
“You’re not going to write it. It’s going to be a travel book, to fit with your account theme, and we’re going to hire locals for each piece, to give it an authentic flair. We’re going to have articles on the company mixed in too, it’s called native advertising and it’s all the rage these days. All you have to do is agree to put your name and picture on the cover.”
Tony walked over and crouched in front of him. “Hey, mind if we have a chat?”
When they made it to the lab, they found Bruce and Dr. Strange hunched over Tony’s still form.
The man nodded. “Things often do. I used to think my brother and I were the best of friends and closest of allies. I do not know when that changed, but change it did and I still suffer the consequences.”
“Wait, my wall?”
“Maybe two hours?”
“Not everyone has your metabolism.”
“I need two things. First we need to go back to Stark Industries, so I can pick up a flash drive. I kept all my drives with ideas Obie said were too fanciful locked up in my desk drawer. He was always very focused on the weapons, just as bad as my father. Great since he’s the CEO of a weapons company, not great when I was trying to explain how I could probably revolutionize space flight if he would just listen. I also need a copy of the modeling software, which should be on one of the drives in there too.”
Steve froze up. There were new wolves on their property. Last time there had been intruders….
Right, the check.
“The hazing is later, and it’s going to be a whole lot worse than this.” Tony paused what he was doing and blinked at him.
“Christine, what’s going on? Why are you acting like this?”
Christine laughed nervously and her eyes darted from him to the Peacekeepers standing in their white armor in the back of the room. When had they got here? Were they allowed on the stage?
The car pulled out of the underground garage and drove to the center of the Capital, to the tall white building where the President lived and most of the politics of the country happened. The doors didn’t unlock until Tony was inside the building, with six inch thick doors locking them tightly inside the Capitol building. Tony knew that they were just there as a safety precaution for the president, and he had never felt trapped by them before. Tony got out slowly, and the guards walked him right to the door of the President’s office. The door swung open and Obie threw out his arms. “Tony my boy!”
He leaned over and wrapped a hand around Steve's wrist, holding his hand steady. He could feel his pulse hot and quick under his fingers as he drank carefully from Steve’s hands, the gesture leaving him feeling vulnerable and open in a way their kiss hadn’t.
Clint kept his eyes focused over Steve's shoulder. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
The sun beat down as Steve walked back to the pick up in a state of shock. Clint was sitting in the back of the truck, picking at the paint. Jan was in the driver's seat, hand on the ignition like she thought he was going to come barreling outside with a pack of wolves behind him, and the difference between a clean get away and being ripped to shreds rested entirely on how quickly she could get their rusty old pickup to turn over. He didn’t know why she bothered, the thing hadn’t started up without ten minutes and a whole lot of cursing in years. He got in the shotgun side, the truck rocking back and forth with a gentle squeak. Bucky used to make fun of how small he was, not tall enough to get into the truck without a boost. Then one summer he shot up, and without blinking, Bucky switched right over to making jokes about him rocking the whole truck and banging his head in the roof. He stared at his hands, as he felt the others eyes on him. Jan looked out the window, then back at him as Clint awkwardly shifted in the back. “So… how'd it go?”
He shook his head sadly. “Sorry Tony, I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask for a divorce. The sea will always be my first love.” he said dramatically, striking a pose with one leg up on his chair. Tony grabbed his arm and draped himself over him. Oh. Steve brain stalled out. That was… that was a lot. Tony was warm and light and Steve felt the back of his neck heat up. Why was he like this? Tony didn’t seem to think it was weird, or notice his embarrassment, continuing on with his playacting.
Did he say that out loud?
“I want to hire him.”
“Everything isn’t always about you. I’ve got a lot of problems, ok, and I can’t fix most of them, and you’re just adding to the pile. Now do you want some fucking ravioli or not?”
Steve pushed him off. “What was that for? You broke the fence!”
They hadn’t made any progress until Steve had sought Tony out that first night. It was time to stop dwelling in the past, and shift to building the future himself...starting with reaching out. Tony has offered his hand in the hospital, and now it was Steve’s turn. Tony always liked to say that the best apology was doing better next time, so that was what he was going to do.
Brian gave him a blank look and Tony sighed to himself. Why couldn’t there be more scientist type superheroes? This guy became a hero through magic, he probably thought the reactor ran on the dreams of children and unicorn tears.
Tony frowned. “I don’t think I’ll be able to climb anything with my ankle like it is.”
Then the door swung shut and they were home free, the sun shining brightly down on them as they raced through the parking lot.
“Right now, if you’re not busy.”
“Is there anything else you needed? No? Because I really do need have stuff to finish that I put off yesterday.”
“I wouldn’t want to. What would I do as President?”
“I could maybe put it on the heel, get the energy out the same way I focus the unibeam, but as pure thrust with a lower heat to power ratio. A four inch flat heel isn't too bad, right?”
With 24 people, it was easy to lose track of who all had spoken and who hadn’t, especially when the games happened every year and Tony didn’t care to watch closely. He didn’t like to know who the contestants were because then he got upset when they died. It was better to not get invested.
“What are you going to say? You need to think about it now so you don’t freeze up when we actually get there.”
“I don’t need you to protect me. Fuck off.”
Despite being appointed Game Master, Obie had kept him far from anything to do with the actual running of the games, especially after he started getting worked up over Steve. He didn’t know anything about this place.
Not your room, not our old room, just room, Steve noted with interest. Tony was trying so hard to be neutral.
“Not at all flexible. Don’t do it.”
Tony lunged forward and knocked the first man’s sword out of his hand, leaning back to avoid the swipe of the other man’s weapon. Tony crouched down and swept out a foot, taking down the second man. He bashed the other guy in the head with his frying pan and ran out the door. He needed to make it to his forge, where he had swords and crossbows and everything else Thor’s loyal men would need to fight back against the traitors.
“This is underhand and you know it.”
“I’m fixing the stove right now. There’s a ring that connects the burner coil to the lower plate. I don’t know what happened to it, but it’s gone. I made a new one, out of a paperclip of all things. It just had to be metal, and that was soft enough for me to bend it into the right shape. It’s working now, will probably work for a couple weeks. Then it’ll break again.”
“Doesn’t look so fake to me,” Clint agreed and Steve snarled at him.
“Steve, you don't negotiate with nothing, Stane has to be getting something out of this deal. He didn't get to be head of two hundred of the richest wolves in America by helping out every wolf with a sob story.” Jan scolded.
Obie sighed. “Tony, Tony, Tony. You were happier when you were ignorant, I was doing you the same service given to all the Capital citizens. They all want to laze about and have their parties and drinks and fun, and they don’t want to think about what’s going on in the districts. What’s the old folk saying? No one wants to see how sausages are made? Don’t be so naive.”
“He didn’t pick up. He always picks up.”
Tony braced himself against the wall, keeping himself from sliding all the way down to the floor. What was wrong with this guy? He hadn’t been doing anything to deserve being roughed up! “Hey!” Tony yelled, his confidence coming back now that he had more space to breathe.  “What have I ever done to you?”
Tony looked away. “Does he have to be here?”
“Because he likes you, stupid.” Jan smacked his head, and he frowned at her.
“I hit my head?”
He was in the games. He was actually in the games. He had to survive until Obie realized what a horrible mistake this was and got him out. He could do that, he only needed to last a day, maybe less.
What would it have been like to go home alone? To wake up alone in bed shaking from another nightmare, to call himself crazy and broken to keep up the odd habits that had saved his life in the arena and didn't make sense now that he was home. To spend his days missing the friends that had fallen. Whenever he thought about it he had to go find Steve and reassure himself that they were both alive, they were both ok.
“It’s more than that. What I feel, she feels. Her wounds are mine and mine are hers, and I can always find her. She is my closest friend, and being apart from her like this is like ripping the heart from my chest.”
“We’re not done here.”
“But you’ll try. You know who’s in charge, and you’ve built all the weapons they use to maintain their power over the districts. They’ll listen, or you’ll burn them to the ground.” Steve said, his eyes steely.
“So was it better that time?” he asked smugly.
“Most of the time I was just trying to find Steve.”
Indries waved and walked off, tottering as she tried to navigate the dirt road in her four inch stiletto ‘boots’. Tony stormed off in the other direction, and Steve rushed around to beat him back to the bar. The inside of the bar was cool compared to the heat of the outside, and it had a welcoming feeling. The pack was crowded together around a banged up wooden table near the back, laughing and talking together. Steve sat down and moments later Tony sunk into the chair between Steve and Jan with a tired sigh.There was no bag to be seen.
“Yes?”
The nondescript man grinned. “I want what every collector wants; a complete set.”
Tony frowned at him. “Alright, fine. I’ll come back later.” He looked down. “Wait, is that my coat?”
Tony nodded. “Yeah of course, I’ll stay right here.”
“Now it’s only my entire face that’s bleeding.”
He woke up the next morning and got ready, meeting Sam and Natasha in the hall. Natasha pawed at his head. “Did you put gel in your hair?”
He held it out and Tony took it with a suspicious look. “I wasn’t here to ask about the coat. I wanted to talk about what we needed to do to get our relationship to a point where it won’t affect the rest of the team.”
“Lots of things are mandatory when you live in the Capital. Watching the games, watching any government broadcasts. I have to go to training four times a year on a bunch of things. Our history, why we can’t trust the districts, how the peacekeepers protect us. Obie signed me up for another training on the peacekeepers because I got mad when they took me by force. I got out of it because I ended up here.”
Tony looked at him, horrified. Ok, that was the wrong thing to say.
“I’ve lost track. You’re holding up four fingers behind your back right now.”
Steve blinked at his brother, off balance. Bucky had always been a bit of a flirt. He liked to hang out at the soda machines, then later at the bar, and he'd chat up anyone who walked by. Most of Steve's crushes had been much more interested in his cooler older brother than him, and Steve didn't blame them. He used to be real small, and he'd been harder to get along with. Tony had never known Bucky, never had any frame of comparison for Steve. Now Tony had a more interesting, more charming version of Steve to compare him to. Well, shit.
"And you do? What's it been, a month? Two? You're making a fool decision, why can't you see that? You can't trust the Stark pack, and that includes Tony."
“Goddamnit,” he hissed. What was this, abuse Steve day? This was the second time his poor foot had been stepped on in the last ten minutes. She dragged him to the kitchen and forced him into a chair.
“Eat.”
Steve stepped forward and Tony put a hand on his chest. “Not the Rogues. You’re not cleared to help with anything short of Thanos himself.”
He poked Tony in the chest and gave him a wicked grin. “That’s us. The bad ones.”
He spat it to the ground, splattering the floor with blood where it soaked into the dirt. "You should have stayed lost, little lamb."
They returned to the mine again the next morning, Steve’s slight limp the only thing betraying his wound. He walked on his own now, and pounded away at the rock alongside the others. Tony unwound his bandages at lunch, and the cut was fully closed, appearing as though it was weeks old instead of days. Tony shook his head in disbelief.  “I know not how, but you are well.”
They went back to the house, where Jan had finished making the sandwiches. They sat down at the table and ate, Clint talking animatedly, and Jan kicking him under the table. Steve got involved in the debate too, since crickets really were the best fishing bait, and if they weren’t, than why had he caught more fish than Clint last time? They all turned to Tony to ask him to be the judge. When he admitted he had never been fishing, Clint let out a screech and clasped a hand to his heart.
“Christine. Sure.” Steve took a deep breath. “The bar I wrote about is called Jacks, it's about ten minutes from here. I’ll walk you.”
“I can smell someone cooking downstairs. Must have been Jan who came in, because it doesn’t smell burnt.” Tony paused and Steve had to bite back a grin as he heard Tony make a cute little sniffling noise. “Anything else?”
It wasn’t a question. Steve felt anger bubble up. “I’m also good at leaving from where I’m not wanted. If you’ll excuse us?”
There was a knock at his door. It was Tony. Of course it was Tony.
No cloudy thoughts on sunny days. Yeah right.
Then that left Tony, the epitome of a city wolf. Who took ten minutes to make a painful shift. Who first responded to Steve’s wolf challenge with shock and terror. Then, a decent amount of skill, giving it back as almost as good as he got. Who got rid of the drugs that would reduce the need to shift.
“This isn’t a morality crusade. You ever think things fell apart between us because all we do is fight?”
“I guess we’ll both starve then. If you die first I’m eating your corpse. Would it still be cannibalism if I was in my wolf form and you’re human?”
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll add it to the list. How was….whatever you were doing outside?”
“I think you should try it.”
The man bent down and ruffled a hand through Steve’s hair patronizingly. “A shadow cannot kill that which casts it.”
“Please no,” Sam moaned. “We all remember the last time Tony cooked, calling it burned is generous. I think there was more shell than egg.”
“I’m aware.”
Natasha was looking at Steve.
“No, no, no, oh god, it’s going to be ok, it’s ok,” Steve mumbled, running his hands over the dragon's side. The creature’s eyes slide shut. Steve turned to him, desperation etched in every line of his body. “Is there anything you can do?”
“Yup. Sorry. No cows for me.”
“No” Steve blushed. “Not like that. Just…” As he tried to finish the thought Tony walked back and laid down on the bed.
The guy with long blonde hair from district 1 was lifting weights, and the trouble maker from 12 was talking to him. Tony gave them a wide berth, he didn't want to get yelled at again.
“Steve,” Sam said, “Cut the crap. This is going to be the first time you’ve seen him in what, three months? Four?”
Tony looked up from the gauntlet he was wielding and turned off the blow torch. “Not a big fan of disturbances J, unless I’m the one making them. What have you got for me?”
Steve pulled back with an awkward cough. “Try it again, and keep your eyes on the ball.”
“Fuck!”
“Give me a minute, I’m still scrolling to try to find the recipe. The lady who wrote the recipe is named Mel and she felt the need to take us on her entire lemon poppy seed muffin journey, in great detail. She says people forget about lemon muffins in favor of chocolate, isn’t that so sad? But she decided to take a stand, for lemon muffin lovers everywhere. I think that’s beautiful.”
Steve sighed and held Tony’s face to wipe the tears away. “You’re a moron.”
He let go of Brian’s face and stood up. “Good news, you don’t have any brains coming out your ears, and whatever magic mumbo jumbo you have going on seems to be doing its stuff.”
“Goodnight,” Tony said, glad they had things settled.
“Whatever you want to call it to make yourself feel better. Let's wrap this up, I need to go dress shopping. I want to look my best at your funeral after your pet dog kills you and feeds your body to his pigs.”
He went inside and dumped three cans of ravioli into a pot. He hated ravioli, he had no clue why there were thirty cans of it in his house. Maybe Clint had bought it. Buying thirty cans of Chef Boyardee seemed like something he would do. Steve probably needed to take over responsibility for grocery shopping. The stove was broken so he put it in the oven to warm up. Steve grabbed twenty bowls out of habit, then put them back and only set out three. Then he had to go back again to grab a fourth. By time he finally had the right number, the food was warmed through since the oven had two settings; off or volcano. He took the pasta out of the oven, gave it a stir and put it on a towel on the table. The table was so old and beat up that one more hot pan wouldn't make a difference, Steve just thought a towel looked nice and he wanted to be fancy because they had a guest. A guest who probably ate caviar twice a week and wouldn't be impressed by canned ravioli and a dirty towel. At least he couldn't see the bottom of the table, that was where he and Bucky used to carve swears with their pocket knives to make Clint laugh and Jan blush. His Ma had never figured out that her dinner table had had the word ‘fuck’ carved into it about eighteen times in varying degrees of legibility. They had also all carved their names in large blocky letters. Steve and Bucky, written right next to each other, so close that the bottom of the Y touched the top of the T. Jan, written more legibly and straight than the others. And finally Clint’s written the largest, with the letters so crooked you wouldn’t be able to read it if you didn’t know what it was supposed to say. His handwriting hadn’t improved since then, Steve thought with a snort. He walked to the door and stuck his head out. “Grubs up! Get in here!”
A skinny blond boy stepped on stage in a blue spandex suit with a white star on the chest and Tony recognized him as the guy who had taken his time in the spotlight to flip everyone off. This was going to be good.
A quick glance at Steve was enough to solidify his decision. Despite the risks, it was worth it. Tony broke off his leg cuff with a hit of his pickaxe and ran to the nearest cart. With all of them in use, the absence would be noticed no matter which one he picked. He ripped out wires until he found the battery. It glowed strong and bright in the palm of his hand, and he shoved it in his bag. He raced for the door, and ducked behind a rock as Vanko stepped into the entrance, surveying the prisoners. He was going to notice Tony's absence at any second- then there was an enormous clatter from the back of the cave. Pepper and Rhodey had knocked over a cart, and as Vank stormed over to investigate Rhodey waved him towards the door. Tony mouthed a thank you and raced outside. He felt his heart pound furiously with every step he took, his breath catching in his throat as he ran through the forest. He found himself vering to the right. Last time they had gone left, but every instinct he had was telling him he need to go the opposite way. He trusted his gut and took off in the direction he was being pulled. He jumped over bushed and ducked under branches, his urgency growing. Time was running out. He broke into a clearing and there Liberty was, her scales shining brightly in the sunlight. She was curled into a ball, and her eyes remained shut and her tail remained still as Tony approached. He stepped over her front leg and carefully pulled the failing battery from her chest. She went limp with a sigh, and it felt like the breath had been punched out of him. He slid the replacement battery in with trembling hands.
Thanks for reading, hope you enjoyed! More dragons and more identity angst!
“But you just got here?” Steve asked in shock. Bucky was being annoying but that didn’t mean he could just leave, less than a day after they got him back.
“Dog and bow man?”
He wiped away more of the water and felt frantic hope start to build inside his chest as he saw fiery red hair. That wasn’t any person, that was Natasha, he would bet his life on it, and according to the machine that Tony now realized was a heart rate monitor, she was alive. And that meant… Tony looked at the other four tubes. All the Avengers were here.
“It’s your decision. I’ll see you tomorrow at the next meeting.”
Tony shrugged, shy at how proud and earnest Steve was. “Ah, it’s your farm. And you deserve some credit anyway, for keeping me from going crazy.”
Steve stepped between them, grabbing Tony’s arm and pulling him away. “Lunch sounds great, let's go get something to eat, and we can debrief Captain Britain, and get right back to stopping the birds on our own.”
“Tame? No, never. One cannot tame a dragon any more than one can tame the wind, and to do so would be an abomination against everything she is.”
Tony looked away and Steve continued softer. “I understand that you must do what’s best for those you lead back at mine. I do not resent you for going back, and it is only because of you that either of us lives to fight another day.”
They all met up for dinner at five, and anticipation hung heavy in the air. Everyone rushed through their food and as a group they exited out through the porch, and walked into the thickening trees behind the house. Since the big hunts a year ago for the rabid wolf pack, they had to be absolutely certain that no one was around before they could even consider shifting. As pack leader, it was Steve’s job to make sure everyone was safe, and if that meant he had to be the annoying adult who sent everyone home early, he was willing to do it, and had done it before, much to Clint and Jan’s complaint.
“Tony’s not a dick, and he doesn’t owe either of you anything.” Steve said to defend him.
Steve scowled. "Fine. Later.”
They met back up in the hanger bay, and immediately ran into a problem.
“I’d love some. Maybe I could stop by your lab, and you could show me a few tricks.” he said with a charming smile. He leaned closer to say something else, but before he could get a word out, Steve pulled Tony up off the bench.
He ran to the truck and jumped in with Tony right behind him, still laughing joyfully. He turned the key. The engine rumbled and died. Steve whispered “I knew it. I knew something was going to go wrong.” Tony rolled his eyes and reached across him and turned the key again. The truck rumbled to a start. Steve looked at him sheepishly, and Tony smirked. He put the truck into drive, and they were soon off to town.
“That’s not what it is!” For this first time in his life, Steve was glad that his face got all red when he was upset, because it covered the blush that would have given him away. Running out at night for a dunk in the duck pond actually was most of their hazing ritual. It was fun, alright? And it was a tradition, everyone in the pack had done it. Tony would laugh at him when he found out. Or he might never find out, at the rate things were going. Was it possible to have the alpha’s mate not be a part of the pack so much as…. vaguely tangential? Possibly living in a different building and only meeting for a half hour for coffee every other Wednesday? He’d never heard of anything like that before, it would go against tradition. And his Ma would probably be pretty disappointed, she would've wanted him to put the effort in. Course, she probably would have hated Tony, so who knows. She'd have wanted him to marry for love. But he gave up what she would have wanted, and his only shot at marital bliss, because that was what the pack needed. And the pack always came first. He’d deal with trying to build some sort of relationship with Tony later, after the cattle were taken care of, and the alfalfa baled and the sink fixed and the truck repainted and the window redone and the stove top replaced and the laundry washed.
“It’s competitive waiting,” Tony said helplessly. “Steve, back me up.”
“Our male contestant for the 74th annual Hunger Games!”
He had seen people edit children’s movies into horror movie trailers, so this was probably something like that. He searched around and found the official video, posted by the Capital broadcasting center. The same woman drew a paper out of the bowl.
“And your skills will bring the rest home. Do not mourn for me, because now I go to rejoin my family.”
Tony waved absentmindedly as he turned back to his work, and Steve quickly walked out of the lab. He went back to his room and sat on his bed, upset. He felt like a real heel. All Tony had wanted was for someone to spend some time with him on his birthday, and Steve had only done it because he felt like he had too, and on the wrong day too. He didn’t when Tony’s actual birthday was, despite having access to his file. He had never bothered to look. Did the other Avengers know? Had they even said happy birthday to the guy who was building their gear and letting them live in his house for free? Probably not.
Steve took a deep breath, and let it out slowly. “Nothing. Absolutely nothing.”
Steve pulled him back to keep whispering. “The people watching don’t know that. They saw you help me, they saw us sleep together, they saw me ask for bandages to help you, and they sent us bandages. Now Thor needs help, and I know the Capital has the kind of meds that could heal him in a heartbeat.”
He frowned, and brushed past them.
“How you feeling?” Tony asked, scanning his face for signs of strain.
Tony pulled away, annoyed at being interrupted. “Fine. You need to relax, you’re acting weird today.”
What was with everyone babying him lately? First Jarvis, now Steve. Tony responded the same way, throwing him a sloppy salute and a sassy grin before disappearing down the hall to go put on his armor. Steve turned to the rest of the Avengers who were all giving him indulgent smiles.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Stane snarled. The unnatural chemical smell filled the air and his skin started stretch as he bent over with a howl. He was shifting, but it wasn’t like any shift Steve had ever seen. Clumps of black fur erupted in spotty patches as Stane seemed to expand in size, his body warping.
“That’s not the only thing I wanted to talk about. Exactly how many Instagram followers do you have?”
“I’m going to need you to stand in front of the green screen, and read the lines like you were supposed to earlier. Then we’ll edit it in post and it’ll be like you did it right the first time.”
“As long as there’s no violence or screaming it’s ok. The bar for you two is at rock bottom right now. ”
“Is she ok? She’s going to be ok?” he asked desperately, looking from his mom to Jarvis, searching for reassurance. They all looked away, and Howard was the one to respond.
“Look Sunshine, that’s great, but we can’t get excited too soon, we still need to find a buyer, work out a deal and actually get a check. I don’t want to rain on your parade, I’ve just gotten close and hit a dead end too many times at this point to trust anything beyond a physical check.”
“Uninvited?" She laughed. "Tony dearest, I’m planning it! I’m thinking about switching the colors to brown and black to match your cows. I’ll see you then, try not to get hit in the face anymore. I found a great photographer, and it would just ruin the pictures.”
Decision made, he started at the beginning. “A little less than a year ago, we had twenty in our pack, including Clint’s and Jan’s parents, all the aunts and uncles, grandmas and grandpas, and my Ma and my older brother Bucky. We weren’t great off, the pack had been shrinking and sinking further into debt for years. But we were happy. We were a family. We watched our cows and ran free on the full moon and didn’t bother anybody. One day, couple months short of a year ago, me, Jan, and Clint finished our chores and decided to go mess around down near the old saw mill. It’s been deserted for years, so it’s a nice place to go when you want to cause a ruckus without getting your ears boxed. We told Ma where we were going, and we left for the afternoon, leaving Bucky behind because he was sick. Ma knew better than to trust his promises that he would stay out of the river, and he was sick enough he couldn’t argue his way out from under her eye. We spent the day at the mill, I don’t even remember what we did. It was just nice to get away from everybody always hovering over us. Then we came home a few hours later, and we never had to worry about that again.
“How many times have we had this conversation?”
“No.”
“That’s not much better! Please, please, never tell me another cow fact.”
“What? Are you serious? You were supposed to tell me I’m being ridiculous!” Steve yelled, panicked. His cousin shook his head, resigned.
Tony looked back at him and a single tear ran down his cheek. “The very best. I love you, Steve.”
As the door slid open Tony looked around. In one corner there was a shooting range, and a boy was shooting arrows into the center of a target with deadly accuracy. Beside him, a red headed girl was doing just as well with her set of knives.
“Jarvis? Is this some new future holiday? Like a…. chair day?” he asked with trepidation. Steve didn't know what was going on but it looked more like trouble than fun. Not that that he didn’t appreciate chairs, he just didn’t always understand why some things needed a holiday. Why was there a day celebrating shopping? Why was there a day celebrating a mathematical constant for finding a circle? Why was there a day devoted to talking like a pirate? Steve didn’t get it.
Steve startled. “Did I say something?”
“Aw, you guys shouldn’t have.” He said, not so secretly thrilled.
Everyone went to their old rooms, and Tony showed Scott and Carol the empty room options and let them pick. Steve hovered behind them indecisively. He didn’t have a room. He had shared with Tony for the past four years, for as long as he had stayed at the compound, and there was no chance of them returning to that arrangement at the moment. After their break up Tony probably trashed his things. He would most likely be starting over, trying to build a space to call his own from scratch. Every time that happened it got harder to rebuild. After his ma died he hadn’t been able to afford rent, and the landlord had dumped all of his stuff outside. By time he got back it had been picked through by anyone walking down the street, and most of his things were gone or ruined with mud.
There was a pause and Steve didn’t dare open his eyes as he heard the footsteps in the hall continue to search, getting closer.
“I can smell myself. Cinnamon maybe? I can smell you. You smell like hay and cows and apples. Why do you smell like apples?”
Tony could hardly imagine that. He had knocked over Rhodey at school yesterday on accident and he had felt awful about it for the rest of the day.
Steve hid his face against her side, his hands clutching desperately at her scales. Under his hand Tony could feel Liberty’s heart slowing. His other hand was tucked tightly across his chest, trying to keep it from further harm. With that arm he could feel the beat of his own heart. Steady, strong.
“You have to finish this. Too many lives hang in the balance.”
The door slid open and Tony rushed over.
friends.”
Underneath the literal meaning the real meaning was clear -
Tony frowned. “The last ten times you’ve tried to broil something you burned it.”
“Tony hates cows.”
“I’m sorry.”
Jan was laughing too hard to answer. Every time she got a hold of herself, she would pause, then go right back into laughing. Steve thumped his head against the wall. Clint came inside, took off his boots and sat down next to him.
“What’s going on?” Tony asked.
“Are you alright?” The other prisoner called out, coughing on the dust and smoke.
“I'm trying!”
“There appears to be a swarm of birds attempting to rob a jewelry store, Sir.” Jarvis stated dryly as videos from security cameras and panicked bystanders played on the screens. One video ended abruptly as a bird swept down and stole the guy’s camera. Tony picked up his damaged gauntlet again and laughed.
They started to protest and were cut off as the screen above their heads made a loud buzzing sound and a countdown began. One minute until the cameras started rolling. Rhodey pulled open the door to the stage and Tony trotted out, running his hand through his hair and messing up the look the stylists had frantically tried to give him and leaving it tousled. He sank down next to Christine who gave him an unimpressed look.
“Looking forward to it.”
“You’re not getting this. You could have died, and I could have been the one to kill you. What if you had been a few feet closer? What if you had picked up a gun to use because I still have your shield?”
“I’m fine,” Steve said, glancing over at Tony who nodded in agreement.
“We must have forgotten or mismeasured something. Let’s go through the recipe until we figure out what we did wrong.”
“You remember the ghost writer I had you look up? It’s him. I’m paying him to give me a tour of Brooklyn and things happened.”
And that was how he ended up as a bestselling author with millions of fans who didn’t know the contents of his own books.
Someone knocked on the door. Was ten minutes alone so much to ask for? Between Natasha the spy and Sam the counselor they never left him be. He stood up and yanked open the door.
Tony tried to take stock of the situation. He didn’t know where he was, or any of the others. The others might be dead for all he knew. The burned trees all looked identical, and stretched as far as he could see. He had lost his backpack, and his boot which Steve had taken off to rewrap his foot. He had no food or water, and the ash was so thick in the air he was struggling to breathe. Night had fallen, and with the projectors off it was too dim to see clearly.
Stane tapped at the handle of the knife, still lodged in Tony’s chest.”... to end. Speak up Tony, let’s hear what you have to say.”
“He was your companion?” Tony inquired neutrally, feeling a flair of jealousy. It was gone as soon as it appeared. Though the Captain was a handsome man he had not expressed any interest in Tony beyond the conjurings of a fevered mind. Though whose mind was the fevered one was still up to debate.
“There’s a difference between structural modifications and a paint job, dumbass!”
“One of these days I’m going to eat you.” he threatened. She nosed his hand, looking for a treat. He opened his palm to show her it was empty. She gave it a lick anyway, then returned to the grass. Steve stroked her back. He wouldn’t eat her. She was a milk cow, not the type for eating. And he always had had a small soft spot for Dottie. How could you not admire a cow with a sense of adventure? Scrap the circus, he should call Hollywood, tell them to come out here and make a movie about his intrepid cow and her three bumbling ranchers. Four now, though he didn't think Tony would take too kindly to being called bumbling. Or even a rancher. He marveled to himself that for the first time since Clint was born, the pack had gotten larger. And after he married Tony, maybe- yikes, no, not going there. They weren't getting married married, they were getting…. convenience married? Alliance married? They would not be adopting any kids and turning them to pack. Which he was totally cool with. Yup. Not the least bit disappointed. He would just turn the tables and play match maker for Jan and Clint instead, then be the coolest uncle in the entire world.
“That’s why you like me.”
You weren’t supposed to be able to meet the contestants during training week, but Tony was the Game Master, the guy in charge of running the arena once the games begin, so he had no trouble talking the guards into letting him inside the training room where the contestants were practicing.
As awkward as it was, it seemed to work all the same, as above them there was a beep and they looked up to see a parachute slowly descending. Steve scrambled to his feet and grabbed it, impatiently twisting off the top. Inside was a thick green cream. Tony read the note off the top. “It’s for Thor. Our fans send their regards and hope we bone soon.”
“You’re a boy who owns cows, ergo, a cowboy. Why are you down here? Don’t trust me to get the job done?”
Tony was gorgeous. His hair was fluffy and he looked downright dapper in a suit jacket over a band t-shirt. Steve himself was wearing his nice jeans and a thankfully clean shirt.
“No whining. He helped me out of a tight spot, and he knows how to disable all the traps. He’ll be useful.”
When Tony woke up the next morning, Steve was still curled around his back. The air tasted clean and fresh, and the leaves overhead were covered in a  thin layer of frost, though they had both remained dry in their little gully.
It was still night, though the sky was starting to lighten, and Tony felt tired down to his bones. He nodded in agreement and they both tried to settle more comfortably. The cave was cramped for two, and they barely fit lying down on their backs. They were pressed together from shoulder to knee, and the water lapped gently at Tony’s sleeve before he crossed his arms over his chest, where his shirt was still damp from running through the river. Tony closed his eyes and couldn’t relax. What if Steve was lying and decided to kill him in his sleep? What if there were more traps he hadn’t disarmed? What if another person stumbled upon them and killed them before they had a chance to react? Beside him Steve had managed to drift off, clearly more used to sleeping in difficult situations than Tony. In his sleep he scooted closer to Tony’s warmth, and Tony rolled on his side to face away from him to regain a few scant inches of personal space. His plan backfired because Steve only scooted closer again, and now they were spooning. It wasn’t uncomfortable enough to risk annoying Steve by waking him, and it was warmer, so Tony let himself relax.
Steve held it above his head, using Tony’s shorter height against him.
“And we’re going to win. Together.”
He took a deep breath. “It’s never going to happen. The day the tributes refuse to fight is the day the games are no longer needed. Until then, the districts need to be reminded that we’re the ones in charge, and the people around here need to be reminded of the savagery of the districts. I think you should watch an extra hour tonight, Maria. And keep Tony with you, he needs toughening up.”
Steve took a handful. “He’s my best friend. He’s over seas right now. I’m hoping he gets to come home for Christmas, but it’s not looking likely.”
Tony patted his hand and they laid in silence for a few moments. Steve loosened his grip and Tony shifted slightly. “Hey, you know what I did today? I threw away a perfectly good apple pie. I graffitied a baseball stadium. I stomped on a flag.”
They all looked up from their breakfasts.
The second one went better than the first, and whenever Tony walked through the airport he’d catch glimpses of his face in front of a cozy mountain cabin staring back. They had photoshopped a hat on him and a snowy scene behind. It was sort of embarrassing, and he denied the publicist any more books. Two was already two more books than he had ever wanted to publish under his name.
“Yes, you did. You claim not to have a fever, then don’t know what you’re saying.”
“If you talk to Tony about my non existent crush, I will kill you, then bring you back to kill you again. Then I’ll hide your hairbrush.”
The next few days passed slowly, Tony avoiding Steve and Liberty as well as he could in the small rebel base as they got everyone settled. Steve would gaze at him longingly from across the hall, and Tony could feel his sadness. Still, Steve left him to his peace until they all gathered as a large group to discuss strategy.
Tony jerked back. “What? What was that?”
He glowered and handed over the parts. Tony immediately set to work repairing the engine, his hands moving with complete confidence. He reinstalled the compression tube, tightened a few other lose bolts, and hopped around the front and started the truck, first try. Steve was impressed despite himself. The pickup hadn’t started first try in years, not since Clint tried to run it off vegetable oil instead of gasoline. Tony really had a way with machines.
Steve knocked him on the side of the head and Tony felt himself fall to the ground as everything went black.
He scrubbed his hands up and down his face. Were the games always like this, and he had never noticed? He had thought that it was all real. How much was cut?
“I threw away an apple pie and insulted George Washington.”
“Really Tony, years? You follow the recipe and try not to light anything on fire, it’s not that hard.”
Clint shook his head. “What is the point of playing a game of ‘ifs’? It is impossible. I might as well ask how we would fare if Loki happened to choke on a grape and fall over dead tomorrow.”
"More than you realize. I need you to take me to the Capital building. I have unfinished business."
Steve scrubbed a hand up and down his face. “Tony-”
Steve started laughing, a terrible wheezy thing. “We volunteered? Hear that, guys? We volunteered!”
In previous chapters, Steve agrees to marry Tony in order to save the ranch. It turns out they're still short on cash, so Tony comes up with a plan. Tony and Steve have a heart to heart about their pasts.
Steve was red with anger. “I don’t accept charity,” he insisted.
“Nothing, because I want you to enjoy the pizza rather than spending your whole night crying in regret.”
A fool proof strategy, no matter what Natasha thought.
“Assaulting a peacekeeper is a federal offense punishable by death. However, Tony was no ordinary citizen. He was the Game Master, a huge honor which he has rejected for some district rat. He needs to be made into an example for any who would think to follow in his footsteps. Therefore, I sentence Anthony Stark to compete in the Hunger Games.”
“What?”
“And drew me the greatest piece of art since DaVinci, though I might be a little biased toward both the artist and subject.” He pointed to the wall behind him where the drawing was hung in a surprisingly tasteful frame. “Can’t forget the picture. You know how long it’s been since someone got me a gift without wanting something in return?”
“Do you have any alliances going? Contestants who form alliances tend to last significantly longer than those without, and a few of the other people we've interviewed tonight have dropped your name.”
“You want to let me in?”
Behind him a twig snapped and Tony turned, too late. A large hand grabbed him by the throat and forced his head under the water. Tony panic, and water rushed in to fill his throat. He tried to cough it out, his head held firmly under the surface. His hands scrambled at whoever was holding him, and he kicked and twisted desperately. He managed to get a few fingers between the hand and his throat and he ripped the hand away, pushing himself out of the water and desperately coughing up water. Before he could so much as open his eyes the other tributes was on him again, forcing him face first into the sand and pinning him down by sitting on his back. He was not even an inch away from where Tony had been struck by the baton, and whenever he shifted pain shot up Tony’s back from the bruise. Tony continued to cough as he blinked the water and mud out of his eyes. It was the tribute from 9, a brute of a boy with a cruel taste for weapons, if Tony remembered correctly. He pulled Tony up at a little and slammed him back into the sand and the world spun dizzyingly.
“If that artifact is what I think it is, I can attempt to explain why,” said the hostage. “I am the owner of a valuable diamond pendant, long suspected of being a lost piece of the Crown Jewels. Recently it was displayed at the jewelry store downtown as part of a promotion for their new historical line, but the display ended a few days before the break in, and at that point I had already moved it to my safety deposit box at the bank. After the store was robbed, I decided to move it to my personal safe. I'm glad I did, since the bank was the next place attacked. Although it did end up drawing that crook straight to my home, so maybe it wasn't my best plan after all,” the small man fretted.
“Do you want to skip the glaze and go watch baseball?”
He did his best to keep up as the group traveled through the forest, focusing on putting one foot in front of the other and not falling over any tree roots. Steve lead the way, while Clint watched for other tributes and Natasha stood guard in the back. They searched along the river first, since that had been the only place safe from the smoke and flames. After an hour of looking, they came up empty, and decided to go back to where they had been separated, and search outwards from there. It meant that they had to go all the way back the way they came. Tony wanted to cry. He should have stayed in his cave.
Weaponless and outnumbered, Steve and Tony dropped their hammers and raised their hands in surrender. A guard inspected the planes and came back, shaking his head. “They’re all ruined, the king is going to be furious. We must bring them to him immediately.”
“There’s no other way out of here besides walking, and we’re miles from anything. We have to take the plane if we’re going to-”
“Steve-”
“No.”
“Take this, and do with it what you can.”
“I didn’t lie! I told you when I lost the coin flip that I’m bad at math!” Clint whined, his eyes downcast in shame. Steve was unforgiving.
“I don’t have any friends.” Tony whined, kicking at a clump of dirt. “I have Dr. Dolittle and his two sidekicks.”
Tony made it to where the snow got higher as the bank of the river rose, and he started digging in front of it, scooping out armfuls of snow as quickly as he could. He cleared the top of the opening, and though it was dark he could feel that the inside wasn’t fully filled, his hand meeting air as he reached for another handful of snow. If Steve had gotten in here he might still be ok, it would have acted like an igloo and protected him from the wind. Tony worked the snow away from the top as the storm grew worse, the wind so harsh he couldn’t hear his own breath, and he could hardly keep his eyes squinted open. As soon as he had a big enough gap he stuck his head inside, ready to grab Steve and drag him back to the cornucopia. The cave was empty.
Steve nodded his thanks and ate it slowly, taking small bites to drag it out. Tony didn’t mind, he wasn’t that hungry. His chest had been hurting since last night, and it was no better this morning. He rubbed it and tried to breathe deeply to put less strain on it.
Tony squeezed his hand. “Together.”
Water sounded nice, Tony’s mouth tasted like the rag. “Do you have any idea where we are?”
Tony shrugged, neither confirming nor denying. Steve decided to lay out all of his cards on the table. He turned and cupped Tony’s face, locking their eyes together. “Look. You might not want it, but I still love you.”
This time Tony showed no hesitation in trotting down the path to meet Steve.
“This is as nice as I’m going to get if you don’t hurry up and get your shit inside.” Steve said from behind him, now dressed in stained jeans and work boots.Tony jumped.
He turned and marched inside the house to change into work clothes, as Clint and Jan exchanged a look. Clint shook his head, and Jan decided not to push it.
“Don’t bullshit me, Rogers.
“Why are you dragging soot all over my house?” Ok, that was good, nice and harsh, didn't let on to the weird direction his thoughts had just taken.
Steve came back out and put half a teaspoon of soda in the bowl, and added the salt. He took a whisk and mixed it all together. Tony picked up the box and looked up at him in surprise.
Tony crossed his arms. “It’s fine. I don’t care. Why would I care? It’s just some dumb jewelry, it doesn’t matter.”
They had loaded them up in the back, and now after the long ride they were pulling up to the ranch.
And that's chapter two! I hope you liked it! What's going to happen inside the storm? Find out in a few days!
"I just wanted one more day with you. The way it used to be, when I was young and invincible and didn’t know what it was like to have you hate me.”
“Do you come here often?”
“I wasn’t offered much of a choice. Raza thought I might be useful, and without this alliance I would not have made it this far through this special hell of ours. I’m not one for violence, and it’s hard to win a game of death when you’re not willing to kill.”
Sometimes that meant taking a break to enjoy one of the popsicles they had bought on their supermarket trip, eating them outside on the porch as crickets chirped a peaceful melody, their conversations loose and meandering as the cows that grazed their fields. Sometimes it meant Steve would turn his drawing pad around, and they would play hangman, arguing over if ‘y’all’ was really a word, because honestly Tony, if you got to do antidisestablishmentarianism, he should be able to do freaking ‘y’all’.
“I’m not going back with you guys.”
“There’s nothing else broke. He fixed all the appliances.”
To have the Captain’s interest was both the sweetest gift and the bitterest torture. He could not indulging in this, as much as he wanted to. He put the flower back in Steve’s hands, and walked ahead with his head down. He felt Steve’s disappointment like a sword through his heart. Steve caught back up to him.
“Yeah. Yeah man, that's rough.”
“You never asked me to. Besides, I can't cook.”
Tony kept his head down. He was almost done, even if caught now they might not be able to discover the damage and fix it in time. Even if they didn’t make it to the planes, every bit would help. Meanwhile, Steve tried to cover.
“There you are. I was going to ask if you wanted to go for a run, but it looks like you already got your morning exercise in.”
“No, Tony, no. No, no, no.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Steve, they gave him a whole plaque and a paragraph on his heroic deeds. No one will ever forget the brave actions of Sergeant Whiskers. It’s pretty crazy.”
Steve put a hand on his shoulder. “Hey, you’re going to do great, and all of us are going to be behind you every step of the way.”
He had gotten himself worked up over nothing, and now had to deal with a babysitter like he was some sort of
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve put his hand on his earpiece. “I've located the hostile, last room in the basement.” His team acknowledged and raced to join him. Maxwell tried to escape from the room but Cap blocked the door. He retreated back, and grabbed the smaller man around the neck. “Let me out of here or he dies,” growled the cornered villain.
Tony raised his pick with weary arms and brought it down on the rock hard granite. A chunk broke off, and Tony held a hand to his chest as he carefully bent over to examine it. There were flecks of iron inside, so he tossed it into the cart. He stood up slowly, bracing himself on the wall.
“Just don’t post anything illegal or incriminating. Come on, I have a proposal for a new manufacturing location.” Pepper lead him inside, and the topic was dropped.
“We have bonded. Heart to heart-” The tip of her tail tapped the center of Tony’s chest where the reactor was set, then Liberty’s own chest where the battery glowed an identical shade of blue. “And soul to soul…” Her tail flicked outward to where Steve was standing, petting the head of a green dragon. “Splintered parts of one whole.”
On May 29th Tony hopped out of the elevator on the common floor after a hard day of work, and all his friends yelled “Surprise!”
Steve laughed, as the whole situation sunk in. The brother he had mourned for everyday for the past year was here, in front of him, giving him his familiar stupid grin.
Steve nodded firmly as Tony hunched in on himself. “Yes. The man who forged the swords who cut down my king and armed your coup. Who designed and built the planes who shot down Bucky. The traitor to everything I hold dear.”
“I liked the pizza party.”
As the male contestant from 12, Steve went last. He had gained weight since Tony had last seen him, and he looked much less gaunt, though he was still too thin, especially compared to the beefier contestants that had gone before him.
“Oh!” Indries tittered. “Blondie talks for you now, Tony? You know, I’ve been here a few days, and you haven’t. Is this the first time he’s let you leave the house?” She ignored Steve like he wasn’t there. That hurt a little. Tony glared her down, also ignoring Steve.
With the approach of the full moon, they had other things on their mind anyway. Though they could shift anytime, the desire to do so around the full moon was overwhelming.
Tony’s smile grew. “We sure do.”
Tony made a choked sound and Stane leaned in closer with a frown. Tony spat and growled, “I said fuck you.” He grabbed a metal pen from the desk and drove it through Stane’s eye.
They all stared at him.
“No! Steve, are you even listening to me?”
“It’s true! It’s true!” he insisted, giggling.
Steve waited patiently as Tony shifted around restlessly and finally said, “It’s so quiet here.”
“Not really fighting per se,” Tony insisted, “They're dissolving on their own with minimal effort from me. I'm doing research. Important recon. Ground breaking science. Nothing dangerous. Danger? Never met her. I'm so far from danger that I'm probably safer here than on the jet. I could show you some statistics on jet accidents that would make your heads spin.”
Clint gave her a boost to get out, and followed behind her with his bow. Bruce fussed over Thor, rubbing more cream where his skin was still red and tender. Steve turned to Tony. “Your ankle doing ok?”
Tony agreed and they went downstairs, where Clint was perched on top of his new fridge like a bird. Steve pinched the bridge of his nose like a headache was coming on.
“Alright, we’ll go tonight to help, then we must return to camp so that the overseer is not alerted. Is that agreeable?”
“Rise and shine, Sweetheart!” he chirped, but the room was empty. Steve frowned both at the room and himself for using the nickname. Just friends, no more nicknames, he reminded himself as he rode the elevator to Tony’s lab. He punched in a different code and strode inside.
“That’s good.”
“What are you doing?” Yinsen asked, pulling back.
“I don’t understand. You really cancelled the whole party?”
Sam smiled ruefully. “Just this once, Cap. We were betting on how long it'd take Tony to kick Clint out of his seat this morning. I thought he'd be faster to be honest.”
Tony did not appreciate it.
Tony leaned forward in his chair. “You let me win. I was never supposed to win, I was a problem. I was supposed to die the first night, from something tragically boring, maybe hypothermia, maybe bad water. I wasn’t supposed to come back.” He leaned forward and grabbed Hammer by the tie, pulling him close.  “Because now I’m here to burn it all to the ground.”
“My friend Rhodey is overseas now too. He’ll be back on the 24th, then be gone again by the 3rd. It sucks.”
“Bullshit, you were whining. And I'm telling you you'll never be a Bucky. I'll never be a Bucky either. Whatever he has, he's the only one in this entire godforsaken podunk town that's got it. Give up on being a Bucky, and just….”
“What are you doing?” Steve looked at him like he had hit his head.
“I didn’t meet up with Christine last night.” He grabbed Steve’s hand and tugged him closer, looking at him from lowered lashes. “And if you’ll give me a second chance, I’ll take that kiss now.”
They were currently inside the game center, a building devoted entirely to the games. Right now Tony was on stage meant for interviews. There were training rooms below, and rooms for the contestants above, and in the basement was the control center for the actual arena. Leading up to the building was a long stretch of road with bleachers stretching high to the sky on either side, filled with people from the Capital who were lucky enough to get tickets.
“You are welcome, little hart. Rest now, and I will watch over you.”
“I’m going to tell Mr. Stane all of this, and then you’ll be sorry.” she said with a huff.
Tony got a faint sense of annoyance in the back of his mind, as if someone had quietly scoffed to themselves. Steve frowned.
Steve winced, mad at himself for forgetting to make up an extra plate. Bucky's return still felt too dream like to factor into everyday decisions like how many plates of eggs to make.
“You’re the one who messed it up! Withholding medicine and technology, hiding the truth so you could better control us. The only thing your stupid Hunger Games have proved is that the districts don’t need the Capitol. It deserves to burn!”
“It takes two to tango, Capsicle.”
He tilted his head to the side and looked over the current tribute, a thin boy dressed in ripped purple pants, with his torso and face painted green. This was why Tony never trusted the stylists. Why would they dress the poor guy like this? Awful.
“No! You’ve never settled for less in your life. Don’t start now. Please, Tony.”
“Oh. Yeah. That’s good.” Steve said awkwardly. Now that he knew Tony was safe, he should go. He stood and Tony grabbed his wrist.
Tony shook his head. “Oh Steven, we both know I only agreed to marry you for your money. I want two rings or I’m walking.”
“Where did you get the gun?” Steve asked, while hitting the unlock button repeatedly to figure out which car was Stane’s.
“Look, Clint, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have put calculating everything on you, that wasn’t fair. We should have all worked on it, and triple checked the answers. But it’s too late to change anything, and I’m not going to blame you for your mistake anymore. And I’m sorry I tried to hit you. I let my temper get the best of me, and that was unacceptable as your pack leader. I promise I’ll be more fair in the future.”
“Ready!” Tony answered with a grin. Steve started up the truck and pulled out of the lot and started driving, the freedom of the road stretching wide before them, the sun bright in the cloudless sky.
“I’m sorry, that was mean. Your cow isn’t boring. I have a habit of saying whatever I’m thinking, happens when you grow up rich enough that everyone’s too afraid to tell you to shut up. You totally can though. I can’t promise I’ll listen. Heh. That was a joke. I will listen. Probably. Um.” Tony stalled out.
“With human assailants. Have you met Carol? We’ll have more than enough fire power. Stay here, we’ll be back once this is taken care of.”
“You don't know him, you don't know what he's like."
Tony stayed limp as Steve dragged him back into their little burrow, then brushed at the ground to hide the scuff marks. He slipped back into the burrow, bringing the parachute and carefully unscrewing the container.
Coming back now, a few months later, it hurt to see that time had gone on without him. There were little things that were different. Tony had added the Avengers symbol to the lobby, the conference room had the chairs rearranged for a press conference instead of for team meetings. The plant by the front desk had died and there was a plastic one in its place. Steve knew he was the only one who watered it.
Sam put a firm hand on his shoulder and forced him into a seat at the table. Natasha sat down on his other side, as moral support. The other groups filed in, and they started the meeting at 9 o’clock on the dot. Carol ran a tight ship. They started the meeting by sharing what information they had, and Steve didn’t have much to contribute. Tony had always been the one looking ahead to nip future problems in the bud. Steve had enough on his plate keeping the day to day operations running smoothly. That was part of why they made such a great team. People yammered on and Steve forced himself to remain focused. What was discussed today would affect all of their plans going forward.
Tony shoved him again. He was prepared now, and didn’t move an inch. He smirked down at him and Tony huffed.
“I dunno. I guess Bucky is just like,
Everyone jumped at a sharp crack and looked over at Steve, who had snapped the wooden handle of the knife he was holding. He slapped it down on the table.
The owner pulled the watch out of the case and handed it back for a fair enough price. He leaned forward in the case again, squinting his eyes. “Which ring? I don’t see it.”
“It’s so she doesn’t kill us all in our sleep. She’s grumpy enough on a normal day.”
Loki walked away, and the world went dark.
“You’re not checking on the cows, you’re going outside to plot.” Steve shouted as they stalked out.
Steve dutifully added a full two lines of exclamation points to his last sentence and scrunched his nose as he tried to remember the next question. “Favorite animal I think it was?”
They went downstairs and most of the team was already sitting around the kitchen table. Conveniently, there were scrambled eggs already on the stove, so Steve dished up two plates and passed one to Tony, both of them taking a seat at the table. The teams cheerful chatter was cut off by a beep from Friday.
Tony looked around with wide eyes. So many things to build! So many things to fix!
“I do.” Tony tilted his head up and pressed their lips together. Steve cupped the side of Tony’s face and deepened the kiss, Tony responding eagerly.
“Steve-”
“You should introduce Tony to her, before she starts her world tour and starts forgetting her small town roots.”
“Alright. What do you need me to do?”
This was my first novel length fic, and I learned so much during the process, including how to write character growth and foreshadowing, and how to use HTML to post it with italics and art.
Then he flipped the final switch and the propeller started spinning with a load roar. A group of ten Chitauri burst from the barn and raced towards the plane.
Tony bit his lip. “I-”
“That’s the spirit. Just repeat after me, functioning heater, functioning heater, functioning heater.”
Half an hour later they met up at the elevator. Tony was on time for once, and Steve allowed himself to hope that this wouldn't be too bad. Tony would probably get a phone call or an idea of something to build and wander off after ten minutes anyway. He could make it ten minutes alone with his team mate without fighting. He hadn't managed it yet, but today was a new day. They stepped out of the tower and started walking. Tony crossed and uncrossed his arms, before stuffing his hands in his pockets. “Where are we going?”
“Spin what? Obie?”
“Sure, why not? I just wanted to celebrate my birthday. Rhodey is on some secret mission overseas. He sent me a nice email, but it’s not the same. A couple years back I forgot Pepper’s birthday, now it’s kind of an inside joke between us to celebrate each other’s birthdays on the wrong day, which is great, it’s fun, but it does mean she doesn’t do anything on my actual birthday. So I sat in my lab alone all day, and at the end I said ‘to Hell with it’, and decided to throw a huge party, because I’m rich and bored and making it through another year of apocalypses and aliens damn well deserves to be celebrated. And we did. Celebrate, that is, yesterday. With burgers. It was great.” Tony looked at him expectantly as Steve stared at him blankly.
“Well if it's dumb and it works, it isn’t dumb, that my motto,” replied Tony. He knelt in front of the bench. He took off his helmet and pushed his hair flat. Brian whistled.
“I mean it! No!”
Whatever test he had been posing, Tony just passed it, because he offered, “You should join our alliance. It’s me, Bruce, Thor, Natasha, and Clint. We promised each other that no matter what happens, we will protect and avenge each other. There’s only 12 people left, and if you join us our alliance we’ll make up half of it.”
Tony held his hands up. “Alright, alright. No more surprise fridges. Can we go eat now?”
He didn’t know what this was, this thing where he felt stripped bare, and the whole world narrowed down to the two of them, and the thin line of connection tied between them.
Stane blinked at him, and took a pull from his cigar. He let out the smoke in a sigh, and Steve twitched his nose in barley concealed disgust. His sensitive wolf nose hated the smell of smoke. A gold ashtray on the corner of the desk showed that despite the early hour, this wasn't Stane’s first smoke of the day, and most likely wouldn’t be his last.
Tony hesitated. “What if it’s not a fling?”
“Oh my god. You’re serious. You can’t be serious. What are you, twelve?”
Natasha elbowed him. “Ignore him. Congratulations, Tony.”
Steve pulled a plate of steak over and ate like he was starving. They spent the rest of the meal pushing plates back and forth, insisting that the other needed to try the new dish. Tony was full to bursting when they were done, and he leaned back happily in his chair. No wonder his book had sold well if it recommended food like this. He saw Steve eyeing the leftovers and offered to let him take them.
“I’m willing to offer you a position in my new kingdom. Unlike the others you were never cruel to me, always happy enough to tinker away and make my men such beautiful weapons. Your work is beyond measure, Stark, and I want more of it. Thor was always too blinded by the ways of war to truly appreciate the conquests of science. Your battery powered carts revolutionized our mines, and your plans will change the way we trade and communicate and fight forever, making those horrible dragons obsolete. You would be appreciated like you deserve, in my new kingdom. You can keep your title and your riches, and I’ll build you a new forge, one a thousand times larger and more splendid. All you have to do is kneel for me. What do you say?”
“Obie! Hey! I can explain-”
Steve didn't expect Tony to say yes, considering that he had started the conversation off with how busy he was. Tony turned the box over a few times in his hands, and looked up. “Actually, Yeah! Give me a half hour to finish up and I'll meet you in the living room?”
A whistle blew, a warning that the ride was about to begin. Tony climbed on top of the animal next to the eagle, a study war horse with short cropped hair and heavy armor. The ride begins with a lurch, and Tony held on tightly to the metal pole.
The broadcast ended. There was nothing more saying Tony’s name had been cleared and he could go home. If anything, Hammer spoke of him like he was already dead. Tony took a deep breath. Maybe Obie needed more time? A day should have been more than enough to uncover the truth see what was really going on. Someone else must have been upset over his promotion to Game Master, and they were misleading Obie. Probably Hammer. He had always been jealous of Tony, he must have set everything up to falsely discredit him and steal his spot. That meant that no help was coming.
“Could we do this over lunch?” Tony asked. “I’m starved, this streets is a mess, and Brian looks like he’s about ready to fall over.”
“You had to have been expecting something like this.”
“Sure, for the districts.”
“Um. Yes.” There was another awkwardly long silence. “Are you alright?”
So now I’m here, drowning and burning in turn, until whoever has it out for us comes back to end it once and for all. I’m sorry I dragged you into this, but we needed the money and we needed the protection of your pack and we needed help on the farm. We needed help just in general. I need help.”
Two peacekeepers stepped inside the elevator with him. When they arrived at the penthouse, more peacekeepers flanked the office door. It swung open to reveal Obie sitting at his desk like old times, like the last week hadn’t happened and Tony was being called in here for a light scolding because he was late on a design.
I was the first one in the front door, and I went right back out again to make sure Jan and Clint wouldn’t see. I threw up, then we ran to the next house over, called the cops. The attackers were long gone by the time they got there, if they hadn’t already been by time we came home. The police ruled that it was wild animals of course, and it’s not like we could correct them. But it was murder. While we were playing, another pack came, and they killed everyone. Most the bodies were all torn up. The rest were plain gone.
Steve blushed bright red and Tony walked away laughing. “Don't worry, I'll meet you in the hanger in five.”
“On it.” She started dragging people from the rubble as Steve advanced on the next wave of men. He needed something to throw. He lobbed a couple pieces of concrete and it knocked the men down well enough. He wished he had his shield, or even a gun. There had been no weapons at the negotiations and they hadn’t been back long enough to get rearmed. They didn’t have comms either, so were communicating through yelling. That was fine when Natasha was right next to him, less so for Sam who was flying around somewhere above.
“Not my fucking point! I hate cows, and I hate farms, and I hate you! I don't want this, you clearly don't want this, and we can’t make it through a single solitary sentence without fighting, so let's just end this whole farce of a marriage before it begins!”
“You know what I did today?”
“It’s risky,” Steve said doubtfully. “You’re betting a lot.”
Steve was looking at his phone when his leg bumped into something on the way to the kitchen. It was a rolling chair, and it gave a sad squeak as he accidentally kicked it. He looked up and saw that the entire room was filled with chairs, as well as desks, filing cabinets and a printer with a rather large dent in the side of it. This was new.
Tony’s parents had died when he was 14, and he hadn’t been able to legally live on his own until 16. For those two years he had lived with Obie, and you don’t live with someone for that long without learning a few of their habits. Such as using the same four passwords for everything, and keeping those passwords written on a sticky note under the keyboard.
They spent the evening that way, Tony lightly dozing and Steve keeping a careful watch. After sunset it grew colder, the heat from the day leaching into the air and dissipating. Tony felt himself shiver and Steve carefully set his head down on the ground so he could get up. Tony was immediately awake, shooting out his hand to grab Steve’s ankle. Steve patted his hand to calm him. “I’m going to try to help warm you up, alright?”
They left the shop in disappointment, Steve’s arm still wrapped around Tony protectively. It made him upset to see him so quiet and glum. Tony was brash and loud and aggressively cheerful, and Steve was the one who was....not any of that. The role reversal left him feeling off balance. Steve wished they could go back to the morning, when they had the check and it seemed like everything was going to work out perfectly.
“Tony, I don’t have time for any of your games, I'm very busy man.”
Tony sighed and straightened up. “I told you up front, day one, that I hated cows. They’re for eating and eating only, preferably prepackaged from the store as hamburgers. Juicy, juicy, hamburgers.” He said the last part to Dottie, who looked at him curiously. Steve let out an exaggerated gasp. He covered Dottie’s ears and she shook his hands off with any annoyed moo. Steve settled for stroking her back.
Steve glanced back. “Tony?”
Both the figures perked up and started waving. “Steve! You’re ok!”
Liberty made a rumbling sound. “Anthony… worthy of praise… it is a fitting name. My name is Liberty.” Except she didn’t say Liberty. She sent the feeling of flying through clear blue skies, of being able to go anywhere, do anything, or to do absolutely nothing, just to exist and be free.
“Everywhere,” snapped Steve.
Tony walked away with his head down, not watching where he was going, trying to escape. He walked and walked until the sun set and he kept walking as the broadcast appeared and he fell to the ground, covering his ears. He didn’t want to hear who had died today, he couldn’t take any more of this. It was all a huge
In previous chapters, Steve makes an agreement with Stane to marry Tony. He doesn't like Tony but he needs the dowry to pay off the debts on his ranch after his pack was killed, and they fall short anyway. They pawn their stuff to buy Tony a computer which he uses to make up the extra money. When they go back to the pawn shop Tony's ring is gone. Steve proposes anyway, having learned to love Tony. Bucky comes back from the dead, but what he's been hearing sounds odd so after a fight with Steve he leaves to go investigate further. The wedding happens, and Tony is upset after a confrontation with Stane, and the return of his ring. He still says "I do", then Bucky bursts in and claims that Stane killed the Roger pack. Tony says that it is true, Pepper showed him proof the previous day and Stane threatened him to keep silent. Shield and the guards fight while the main characters take on Stane. Stane morphs into a huge wolf and admits that he killed the Roger pack to scare his pack into taking suppressants that block shifting. He also had Yinsen working on a serum to make the wolves bigger and strong, and had him killed when he started filling Tony's head with doubts about weapons. They kill Stane but Bucky loses his arm.
“It’s the symbol for the rebellion.”
Tony seemed to recognize that, and slumped over. “It’s okay, Jan told me not to expect much. Told me not to come in here at all, actually. She said you started doing this since the whole thing. Of course, nobody will actually tell me what the whole thing is.”
A new chapter! And another one coming very soon, probably tomorrow morning? Thanks for reading. Also, it's almost the weekend! I'm excited.
“I’ll be fine.” Tony said, uncomfortable with the topic.
Natasha shrugged and got up, and everyone left to suit up. As Steve pulled on his uniform he realized that he hadn’t given anyone a choice to come or not. If they hadn’t wanted to, surely they would have spoken up? Maybe not. He worried about Scott, who had the most to lose and the largest amount of hero worship. Were they following the advice of their friend Steve who they knew through experience always tried his best? Or were they afraid the challenge the legendary Captain America, who always made the most perfectly correct choice and did the right thing? Things to reflect upon later, when the other half of the team wasn’t in danger.
“Oh, a check like this?” Tony said teasingly. He pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket and waved it in front of Steve’s face. Eyes wide, he grabbed it. Tony grabbed it back and gave it a brisk snap. “It came in the mail this morning. I already made all of the arrangements, I wasn’t going to get your hopes up until I was sure. And, now I’m sure.”
“That’s good. I used to sleep like this with Bucky all the time, back when we had no heat and the wind whistle through the house like it was trying to hold a tune. Winters always get cold, down in 12.”
Steve took a moment to consider that. “You don’t get a choice? I figured that the people in the Capital did whatever they wanted, and it was the Districts who had to be careful of the rules.”
Tony must have the wrong video, this wasn’t the same boy. This one had long shaggy brown hair, and only one arm that he was using to punch at the peacekeepers.
Steve bit his lip, and pretended to think it over. “I suppose I could make room in the budget, if that’s what it takes. What flavors do you want?”
“They need to know if you made an Instagram.”
“I know the feeling when the muse grabs you and demands you listen. Go do your thing.”
After a few hours of anxious sitting, the vet let them take Bucky home with a bottle of pills and strict instructions for rest and care. They brought him home and Steve settled him safely in his bed, still knocked out. A grey bandage covered a stump, and Steve winced away in guilt. He should have saved him, and was incredibly lucky that he was still here, and still alive. Steve didn't know what he would have done if he had lost Bucky a second time. Probably something drastic like crashing a plane.
Tony’s eyes flicked up to meet his. “Because things are starting to go back to exactly how they used to be.”
He quickly pulled the other two out of the pond and they ran to the house. Steve slammed the door shut and yelled for Jan. There was no response, meaning she must be somewhere out back. Clint was outside in a flash, racing to find her so they could barricade the doors. Tony held up his phone, the question on his face clear. New wolves didn’t mean hostile wolves, but after the last time strangers had come to the ranch… Steve nodded and Tony dialed Stane. It was time to use the protection clause of the contract. Clint and Jan bolted back into the house, and Steve locked the backdoor behind them. After a moment's pause, he pushed the kitchen table in front of it for good measure. Clint held his pocket knife loosely in his hand, and Jan went to the kitchen and returned with their biggest knife and a frying pan, which she handed to Steve. They were much better fighters as wolves, and would shift in a second if someone actually got in. It still felt nice to hold something heavy in the meantime. They were all breathing heavily. Steve swore to himself that he would die before he let anyone hurt one of the few remaining members of his pack. He pulled back the curtain and looked out front, his whole body tense. As the sun set it made it harder to see what was going on outside. A single wolf stalked forward towards the front door, bold as you please, aggression present in every line of his familiar frame. Steve stared in disbelief, and pulled Clint over to see too. When he just gaped back open mouthed, Jan pushed her way to the front, only to let out a small gasp. Steve turned around and took Tony’s phone, ending the call before it was picked up.
“So it’s my fault because I don’t let your talk?” Tony challenged him, eyes flashing.
A hart is a red deer, they show up a lot in medieval stories. There is a story about one of King Arthur's knights who must chase down a white hart, and during the journey learns the value of mercy. Plus I liked how it looks similar to 'heart', like dear heart, deer hart? I thought it was neat.
“You’re not a jerk, and that’s the problem. You were the Game Master, you were the symbol of everything I’m trying to fight against, and I don’t hate you. Things are very black and white in the districts. I don’t know if you know this, but everyone in the districts hates the Capital.”
“This is the 16th greatest day of my life,” Clint said with awe.
“Yeah.”
“I can’t argue with ya there. Come on, if you were brave enough to fight him, you can be brave enough to talk to him. Let's go.”
There was a scuffle in the crowd and the blond boy ran towards the stage.
Finally he shrugged. “It doesn’t matter, it wasn’t the best of circumstances before we worked it all out.” He said, flicking the grass away, along with the question.
“Ok, fine, maybe.” Steve snapped. “I know we had to, but I didn’t like it. I always imagined my first time being a lot more special, you know? Instead it was in this stupid arena while Thor was dying and god knows how many people were watching us and you got blood on me and I didn’t like it at all.”
He shoved Tony back and lunged at Clint, then fell face first onto the ground as Tony used his own momentum against him to trip him. He pushed himself back up to his feet with a growl. The desire to shift and duke it out was strong, but in public like this, that wasn't an option. Before he made it even a step Tony dropped him again with a sweeping kick. Though he was average fighter at best as a wolf, he must have taken some sort of self defense class as a human. Steve learned his lesson and stayed on the ground. He reached out with one hand to grab for Clint’s ankle as Jan ushered him back and towards the car. Tony stomped on his hand. Hard. Steve howled and curled around it for a second. He flexed it, then made a fist. No broken fingers. He sat up and Tony tensed.
“What?” Tony said in shock, his eyes flying open. Steve raised an eyebrow.
“But they are vulnerable to the catapults and planes. Taking them would be tantamount to a death sentence. For at least half, if not all of them, and us along with them.”
“It was a close call,” Steve said grimly. “We need to try harder not to get separated. We should start looking for a safe place to stay, somewhere we can meet back up if we do end up apart.”
Tony frowned. When he was younger, he had gotten nightmares for weeks from watching a child from district 3 bash another child’s head in with a rock. The sounds had sickeningly wet, and even after the child was lying still and limp, the boy from 3 kept smashing, his labored breaths turning into wild laughs. He didn’t stop until forty minutes later when another contestant shot him through the head. By then there had been nothing left of the first boy’s head except a mushy red pulp.
Bucky held out his hand. “Steve don’t you do this, don’t you dare do this. You have no chance of winning.”
“We're in a barn in the middle of nowhere, and most people who aren’t wolves themselves need something for protection against wildlife in mountain lion and coyote country. After Jan and Clint woke me up I broke into the tool shed looking for a axe or something, and found a gun. After years of working with and designing the things I’m a decent shot.”
“I don’t want your stupid ravioli!”
Of course, declarations of love didn’t stop him from dumping Tony in the pond a week later when he found out he’d eaten the rest of the ring pops. Steve got more from the store and hid them in the top of his closet where he knew he couldn’t reach. Clint ended up in the pond too the second time for helping him get them down. While they were both yelling at him from the water, his sharp nose caught another wolf’s scent.
“We’re good.” Steve insisted. Everything was finally good.
So now I know rationally that nothing bad will happen when I shift, but I still have all these voices in the back of my head screaming, “Danger!”, “Monster!”, “Unnatural!”
“Is this alright? You ok with this?”
The word quickly spread.
Question answered, Steve collapsed backwards on the bed. “Ughhhh. What time is it?”
“I don’t care what you do in your free time. It’s your life.” Steve forced out, the lie feeling bitter on his tongue. Tony called him out on it.
Steve was silent.
Steve climbed into the bed and tucked his arms up tightly to his chest. Tony pulled the blankets up over them.
“Steve, this is a very big deal. You just had a fight with Tony. You’re all scratched up, and so is he. We can’t bring him home today, his pack would kill us.”
, where we were joking around, then it didn’t feel like joking? Maybe? And I can’t seem to get it out of my head. Maybe it was just me?”
“You never wash anything, ever? This room smells more like cow than the barn.”
Tony went back downstairs and Steve dragged Jan back outside before taking his hand off her mouth and letting her wiggle free.
Tony had seemed so excited for the wedding yesterday. He had shot Steve happy looks all day, and they had danced together in the living room as Jan sang like a dying cat and Clint struggled through a horrendous attempt at music on their late uncle’s guitar. He’d seemed loose, open, happy. Now he was as closed off as when they’d first met.
Dottie continued to eat, and Steve could tell that underneath her stoic facade, she was really broken up on the inside.
“You know Steve?”
He handed over the check. The banker read it over, and raised an eyebrow.
Steve and Tony talk things out and somehow manage to miscommunicate more than if they hadn't talked at all.
Steve tilted his head up to look Tony in the eyes. “Don’t think it works that way.”
“As pack Alpha, I do believe that it is my privilege. Sorry Clint. And sorry Tony.”
He lowered his hand from where it was raised to knock, and went downstairs alone.
