When they finally did go all the way through with it, Sherlock almost started crying with the pain of the pleasure.  John left bruises and scratches across his body, leaving a map of all the places he had been, like a red X saying
Clara gives him a knowing smile, as if to say
“I’m Mary,” she says.
he tells himself, in Sherlock’s, and winces.
“I wasn’t asleep,” Sherlock replies.
“Why would you do this, Sherlock?  I don’t understand why you’re using again.”
He’s shocked he never said it out loud on accident.  There had been so many options.  So many times.  It could have just fallen out.  He supposes it was just luck it didn’t happen, good or bad, he’s unsure.  Imagine it falling out and John just saying it back, just saying it automatically like it was nothing.  Or, not saying anything at all.  The terror that would incite.  But Sherlock had gotten too good at his craft.  At lying.
During the months Sherlock spent planning John and Mary’s wedding, he had been living mainly off of cigarettes, coffee, and very little sleep.  Before John had asked him to be his best man, Sherlock had told himself that he was not going to help with the wedding.  He would attend, but only after an entire pack of cigarettes and probably a few glasses of scotch.  He would stay quiet and watch the ceremony and attend the reception briefly and then leave and not leave bed for a minimum of three days.  He would not be involved in the planning of the wedding at all unless specifically asked.  It had surprised him how easily he had fallen into planning the wedding with Mary.  He ended up doing much more than half the planning but he realized that it gave him a distraction, a way out.  Instead of exhausting himself with thoughts of what it would be like to watch John marry someone else, he had been able to push the wedding along and put all of the useless grief to good use.  So he’d picked out flowers and plate patterns and entrees and smoked cigarette after cigarette.  It was how the smoking had begun again, really.
“Right. Greg, how fast can you go with the sirens on?”
“Nobody.”
John lets his hand dip under Sherlock’s shirt, and as his hand travels up Sherlock’s bare back he feels Sherlock’s own scars on his fingertips: the scars he knew were there but has never seen.  It makes him ache, knowing how they got there.
“Right.  Well, I’m sure Sherlock knows it had to happen, you moving out.”
“Oh, of course.”
“And what’s that?” John asked, only mildly concerned.
Sherlock whines in the back of his throat and it is a desperate yet beautiful noise.
Sherlock looked at the floor and would not meet John’s gaze. Instead, he turned his coat collar up and walked out the front door and out of John’s life.
played like a mantra in his head, overlapping any other thought.  Because of this he downed half his pint much too quickly.  He sighed heavily into his foam and ran a hand through his hair.  He needed a trim.  He hadn’t shaved in three days.  Christ.
John nods. John has only been here in London worrying and wondering after Sherlock, but if Sherlock were to ask how it had been for him while he was away he wouldn’t want to tell him.
He finds Moran at a hotel.  Sherlock waits inside his room.
The wedding is worse than Sherlock could ever have imagined.  He looks away when they say their vows in the church and he doesn’t care if anyone notices or questions it.  He cannot look.
Sherlock meets John’s gaze.
“Tell him you’re alive.”
-James Baldwin
“He’s perfect,” John said, picking up his own glass of wine and shrugging.
Sherlock sighs.
John pauses from his kissing, and looks at Sherlock.
“Sorry, I…I was…” Sherlock tried, but nothing came out.
John takes the phone from her and inspects.
“Nous avons tous un passé.”
“Oh Christ. Oh, shit.”
“But ten years?”
If Mycroft wants John to look out for Sherlock (like he’s already been doing for the past nearly two years) then he will.  He didn’t need Mycroft to ask him.  All he had had to do really was tell him there were assassins living nearby.
The morning comes, and John is only a little nervous when he goes downstairs.  When he enters the kitchen, Sherlock is already there, staring at his tea mug, appearing as though he has been waiting the whole time.
John sighs heavily, runs a hand through her hair, presses his mouth to her cheek.
Sherlock drags him home and puts him to bed.
“Pardon, you think you deserve the last slice of birthday cake?” Greg asked, leaning back in his chair.
“Absolutely,” John replies.  “I’ve something to ask you.”
He is going to do what he should have done when Sherlock came back from the dead, on his stag night, when Sherlock was shot by John’s wife, when Sherlock almost flew away from him forever, what he should have done last night.
Sherlock throws his hands over his face and speaks into his palms.
John is collapsed on the sofa, letting out a long sigh when he hears a faint buzz.  He opens his eyes to find a small honey bee has landed on his open palm.
Sherlock swallows hard, then turns his head just slightly, his eyes catching John’s.
Sherlock is there, in his blue silk robe, feet bare, laughing so hard at something Mrs. Hudson has said that his nose is scrunched up and his shoulders are shaking. Mrs. Hudson has a hand over her mouth, but her laugh is coming out so loud and untamed that she sounds like a strange bird. It’s the most wonderful thing John has ever seen. He smiles and slumps against the wall. He crosses his arms. He sighs contentedly, and goes to join them.
The days seemed to all blend in to one another. Spring to summer, summer to winter, and then spring again. Harry went through several girlfriends, and she became more heartbroken after each ended. Greg and Molly were beginning to try to have a baby, and eventually Molly became pregnant. The shop continued to do decently, but John still thought of Sherlock every day. It was a dull ache that existed in the back of John’s chest at all times. He would wonder what Sherlock was doing each day, and he would think back to the one night that he got to have with him. It had all been too perfect, and John felt as though he would have done anything to get him back. Over the course of a year, Moriarty had never been caught, but John had never heard or seen anything out of the ordinary. He did not think he was ever in any danger, and even if he had been, he was happy to be at risk if it meant he had his memories of Sherlock Holmes.
__________
John isn’t sure how, but he’s stepping on broken glass with bare feet.
“I’ve never been anyone’s best friend before.”
“You came back…stronger than before.”
Something falls into place and it hurts more than most things.
“Looks like you’re all cleaned up.”
John knows what it is already.  It’s all about Mary, who she is and what she’s done.
John stops breathing.  How could he possibly know about Ellis?  God, what if he’d hurt him?
“What?”
"Does that mean I'm the only man you've...had this with?" Sherlock asks.
John can’t believe his eyes.  He thinks maybe he’s imagining it but he knows he’s not and tries not to think about
Dying feels like this.
"Yes, of course I have how could I not?  You are both beautiful and fascinating.  You're the least boring person I've ever met.  You don't make any sense."
John awakes from his slumber slowly, for the first time in ages actually enjoying a bed.  He rolls lazily onto his side and shoves his head into a pillow, when the smell of smoke enters his nose.  He opens one eye, and then the other, taking a large sniff.
“Another Paracetamol if you’ve got it,” John replies.  He feels weak.  “And juice if it hasn’t already been contaminated by body parts.” Sherlock cracks a smile.
"I know.  But I know my brother told you she's dead.  And you told me she was in a witness protection program because you thought I was in love with her."
As long as John is alive, the work has been worth it.
“All right?” Molly asks, the age old question.  There’s only one real answer anyone can respond with.
“Still though. Say, who was that bloke you were talking to?”
“Absolutely pathetic effort at that last slice,” John said, and the entire table burst out laughing.
“My brother will be in London for a press conference soon. I have texted you the address. I think you should attend.”
__________
__________
“God, no, I’m trying to recruit you,” Sherlock says.  He smiles wistfully at John.  His curls are matted to his head and his face is still dirty, but he looks like himself and he looks wonderful, really.
Sherlock is kissing his collar bone suddenly, then down his ribcage.  John’s heart flutters.
He goes back to London once, only for a day.  He does not let himself go to Baker Street.  He does what he has to do to come back from the dead.
He supposes, as much as he is loath to admit it, that Mycroft is right.  He’s starting to hate the color of his kitchen walls and there’s only so much violin he can play before he drives himself mad.  The truth is, however, that he’d been hiding because he wanted it quiet.  It gets so loud
He’d been stupid to think that John would have waited for him, not moved on with his life.  John was the most resilient man Sherlock knew.  He could take anything, be anything, do anything.  Why would Sherlock’s death have been any different?
“He’s released all of the most dangerous criminals that were previously locked up, he’s robbed numerous banks, millions of dollars stolen, and he’s done all of this with the touch of a button. He has a code of some sort. And now I think he’s going to try to kill me.”
“Actually it might be,” John says. It’s out of his mouth before he realizes. John swallows more wine and then sighs. “That’s not to say that I’m not still…frustrated. It hurt that you left. But once I knew you were still alive. I don’t know.” John clears his throat, feeling overexposed. He’s had too much wine. It’s late. But he doesn’t want to go to sleep. He’s afraid if he goes to sleep he’ll wake up and Sherlock will be gone.
And all it takes is one more person insulting Sherlock, and John is in handcuffs too.
“Oh,” John says, eyeing Irene Adler, asleep and freshly showered.
“What’s going on?” Mary asks quietly, but she isn’t slow, and she knows what he Had Looked Like, and she starts to whisper “Oh my god,” very softly.  Then, as John’s entire body sort of recoils, “Do you have any idea what you’ve done?”
John feels complicated and restless living with Sherlock Holmes.  He loves it mightily, but also knows for a fact that these “dates” he’s continuing won’t last much longer, that he’s going to give up on them, and knows that despite his constant warnings to himself he’s already been swept up by the current and is heading into higher waters.
Sherlock continues not to look at him.  Sherlock’s hand has gone to his mouth, his fingers touching his bottom lip.  He continues not to say anything.
“Yesterday. Yesterday you spoke to a man named Victor. He asked you who I was and you said nobody. You said you didn’t know why I had come to see you. I did hear that Sherlock. I was just round the corner.”
, he thought.
Sherlock waves him off.
“Do you want to kiss me?” John asks, voice quiet.  Sherlock turns back.
In November, Sherlock orders John’s favorite Indian takeout and gets a bottle of wine and when they have eaten and the bottle of wine has been poured out, Sherlock hands him the manila envelope.
“I’ll be back,” John says to the man on the padded seat, and turns out the door.
“The fingernails,” Sherlock replies, swallowing hard.  He doesn’t really care for beer but he’ll do it to amuse John, and Sherlock doing anything to amuse anyone besides himself isn’t something he’s used to.
“Why are you here?” John asks, looking at Sherlock now.
It had been just a scratch.  It looks much worse than it is.  He’s on the ground more so because of his fall.  He’d been tripped.
“You know I didn’t,” Sherlock responds. His eyes are wide and his brows are pulled together with worry. He’s sitting across from John at the kitchen table. All the lights in the flat are off, but John can still see the outlines of his face. He’s too thin. He’s not eating enough.
__________
“I don’t want to stay. I just want to go home.”
Sherlock’s eyelids are drooping, but he’s serious now. He has his hands in his lap and his eyes on John. His face is soft.
“In the room with no windows.”
Mrs. Hudson had ended up walking John down the aisle. Though they had argued back and forth about who would be waiting at the aisle, it had all boiled down to Mrs. Hudson. Both of John’s parents were deceased, and both of Sherlock’s parents were very much alive. Sherlock had insisted that Mrs. Hudson play a large role in the ceremony. After all, the woman owned properties all over London and was giving them an enormous discount on 221 B Baker Street.
“A little, yeah.”
“No,” John says, voice low, heat rising in his cheeks. Sherlock’s brows are furrowed.
"Did you tell everybody 'No'?"
__________
Sherlock sighed and closed his eyes.
“Dear, oh no, so sorry. I do apologize, what’s your name?” Janine asked.
Earlier, John would wake up in the middle of the night, thinking he heard the violin.  When he would have PTSD in the past, he’d used to often wake up to the sound of the violin, the notes soft and sweet, and he’d realized over time that Sherlock had been playing him a lullaby when he’d been screaming in the night.
“It has to be one or the other.”
Sherlock leaves the hospital and doesn’t tell anyone why.  John suspects he’s trying to track the shooter but why would he do so without him?
“What is it?” Evan asked, and then a look of horror crossed his face. “Oh God, you don’t like men do you? Oh, God…”
, of course, but you can’t disappear. Without me knowing if you’re dead or alive, hurt or not, please. You don’t even have to stay I just want to know that you’re alright,” John says, rambles more so. John wipes at his eyes, feeling very silly, but it had been so unexpected.
It isn’t until full minutes later that Sherlock realizes he hasn’t kissed anyone like this in many years.  He knows this and leans in further.  He makes a small noise in the back of his throat and doesn’t even have the room in his mind that it should probably be a little embarrassing.  John has one hand gently on his neck and the other at his hip and his mouth is doing incredible things to Sherlock’s clavicle.
“I’ll go talk to her.”
“Of course not.  It’s just been a…while.”
“That isn’t possible,” Sherlock whispers.
The fact that Sherlock is lying next to him, fast asleep, breathing softly, touching him unconsciously.
“No, no, you don’t need to do that!” Sherlock said, and his voice sounded horrified but John still couldn’t look at him. It felt as though the pain directly in the middle of John’s chest would never leave. He only wanted the entire scene to end as soon as possible, so he took the dishes away. “No, Janine, you know I don’t think it’s his job to clear that up.”
“Mary,” John whispered in his sleep.
“One hundred percent.”
“Yes,” John says.  It comes out as more of a sigh than anything else.
Sherlock smiled, nodded, then kissed John again.
"Was he good to you?" Sherlock asks.
What he doesn’t expect is that Janine is part of this plan.
It’s odd for John to listen to his voice. It’s more gravely now, what with all the smoke. But it’s deeper with a drunken sleepiness too. And there’s a lazy smoothness that’s absolutely lovely. He could listen to Sherlock talk all night. In fact, he intends to.
John furrows his eyebrows, mocking shock.
tw for alcohol use
“I need you to come to Leinster Gardens.”
He supposes he can leave the flat today.
“Absolutely not.  I did…care for him at one point.  But I love you.  And besides, he doesn’t feel things like that.  I want to be with you.  Don’t ever think I don’t.”
Mary is protecting him, but he doesn’t need her protection.  John stands up, lifts himself up by some grace of God, and tries to control his breathing.
It’s only an hour later when John hears his phone buzz.
“Oh….my God,” John said, mouth going dry as he fully comprehended what he had done. Sherlock was staring down at his ruined shirt, a quiet fury building in the very tall and very unpredictable man. “I’m so sorry,” John continued, and then reached out with a napkin he had thoughtlessly grabbed back at the coffee shop. As he was about to touch Sherlock’s shirt, hoping to help, Sherlock pushed his hand away.
“Are you with the Yard too?” the man asked. John went to reply but Sherlock cut him off.
John doubles around another block, then heads back to Mary’s flat, the ring still burning a hole in his jacket.
“We have indisputable evidence stacked up against him. But something is wrong. He wanted to get caught.”
“Come in,” he manages to sputter out.
"Well surely you loved someone before me.  And I find it very hard to believe no one has loved you, wanted you..." John trails off.
“That would also mean I wasted so much time,” Sherlock says.  And it’s quiet, not the comfortable quiet of the evening before but something important and life altering hangs in the silence now, and John knows, if he doesn’t say the right thing, he’ll ruin it.
Sherlock had spit in his face, which had earned him a broken nose he would later reset alone on the mattress of the safe house.
__________
John doesn’t sit still for the entire cab ride.  He takes the stairs up to 221B two at a time and bursts through the door.  Sherlock is fully dressed, sitting in his chair.
He doesn’t think it will be so long then. There’s a nice woman at the clinic. She’s a nurse and her name is Mary. She’s flirted with John multiple times, and he can’t get himself to reciprocate or ask her on a date. He must not like her all that much.
"Well […] I guess people wait in order to make sure of what they feel."
John ran to the room, getting held up once by a locked door but finally finding his way inside. The venue was packed, and when John looked up to the front he saw Sherlock, looking as radiant as ever.
John sighed and looked towards Greg. “Can I help you in the kitchen?”
The panic is setting in rapidly.
“You went right back to drugs after my wedding,” John had commented one night.  Sherlock hadn’t replied, only kissed him to answer his question.
When Sherlock pulled away, John wanted to pull him back in. He wanted to do anything to make this man stay in his foyer, but John was frozen. He cleared his throat, but got no farther than that when the sound of keys in the front door jarred him enough to move.
He waits twenty minutes, and then forty five. He checks his phone. He has brought the note with him, and he inspects it two times to make sure he hasn’t gotten anything wrong. But it’s the date and the time and the place they met. An hour passes. Then two. Nothing happens. John sighs and pushes the heels of his palms into his eyes. He falls asleep after the second hour, and wakes up five later with a sore arse and back.
John can feel the look on his face.  He can feel the way his mouth softens and the way he blinks too rapidly but he does nothing to stop it.
“Yes,” Sherlock says.  He slips his tongue into John’s mouth and John groans.
When Moran enters he smiles.
John also feels as if his legs are going to give in.
“Yeah, sounds good.”
For two years, John forced most emotions down and instead opted for solely knowing that at any second he could die, and it wasn’t all that different from civilian life, only that disgusting thrill that the percentage was larger kept him intact.
Thinking “worked out, handled, tucked away” is acutely laughable.  None of those are the right words for what has occurred to the woman who claimed to be Mary Morstan, John’s wife.
“My brother is here.  He doesn’t even know he’s doing it.”
For a moment John thinks he’s going to carry on like nothing has happened. He thinks he’ll tell Sherlock to sit down and make him tea. Bring out the chocolate biscuits that he likes. They’ll turn on the telly and watch something mindless and get used to each other again. But John doesn’t quite manage it.
“John, I really think it would be good. Just to clear the air a bit. It’s just a reminder of…well…” She trails off, worrying at her bottom lip between her teeth.
John lets himself wander off, thinking of Ellis.
Is there someone waiting for him at home?  Yes.  There is.  And last night that same man dropped a glass of beer onto their rug and then apologized quickly as if Sherlock had never made a mess in the flat.  He had apologized with such fervor and it hadn’t made much sense but John had given him a look with the apology.  With the beer.  With a shaky hand.  And that may have been the first time they had seen each other in quite some time.  Really watched each other.  They’d been hitting case after case and Irene had left them alone and John had apologized with a beer on the rug and a look.
Another text from Mary.  He opens it.
“NO!” Sherlock shrieks out, and John feels a headache developing.
“So are you going to see him again?” Mary asks, a wicked grin forming as she wrinkles her nose.
“I don’t think you are going to die.  I think Mycroft will be here soon.  But, if you do die, I’ll be right here.  I’ll hold your hand the whole time.”
To save them both further embarrassment Sherlock gathers his rather unbelieving and limp body and goes into his bedroom.
“She texts me to update me about the baby.”
__________
“Yes, that!”
Sherlock laughs, and squeezes the nape of John’s neck.
The strangeness of feeling loss and gain in one complete and fluid motion is there; but he is happy—despite it.
John tried, when Sherlock came home.
“The bathroom is just around the corner and to the left. Should be towels and everything in there.”
__________
__________
“You left me,” John says.
“But I’m doing homework!” John protested.
John waits until he is standing three feet away from Sherlock’s turned back to speak.
“Excuse me, but I do believe you have a book shoved down your trousers.”
“Amazing.”
“So what about you?  Anyone I should be worried about?”
Sherlock nods.
“I’m listening,” John says, mouth dry.
“I have. It’s just that I’m not very good at this sort of thing. I never have been. And I don’t want this to end badly.”
John laughs, puts his hands in his lap and leans back in his chair.
“You doing okay?” She asks. She has blonde hair and pink glossy lips. She looks young. Probably still in university.
John is always so careful, not wanting to push.  He lets Sherlock explore, sometimes a hand pulling his sweaters up.  It’s lovely.  John can tell Sherlock hasn’t kissed many people, but it makes it all the more splendid.
It feels like hot coals burning inside his stomach, it feels like bile rising in his throat, it feels like thousands of hands pounding on the inside of his ribcage.
John throws up into the toilet for the third time in one night.
After two weeks of feeling utterly useless, even Phillip nagged at John to talk.
Sure enough, there are bandages on his feet.
“Yeah.  Yeah, alright.  I’ll see you then.”
“Yes.  I’ve, I’ve never…” Sherlock trails off but John understands and lets a tiny
“Done what?” Sherlock asks, momentarily removing his toothbrush.
(See the end of the chapter for
John gently pushes Sherlock’s hands away and lifts up his shirt.
“Yes,” he admitted. Eighteen years, and there it was.
It really is brilliant.  The way Sherlock is smiling at him like he’s impressed.  They are cracking jokes about the fact that he’s just killed a man and nothing has ever been funnier.  John hates the tightening of his chest, the way his heart is nearly fluttering, it really is indecent.  And the way Sherlock asks “Dinner?” it’s almost as if he’s changed his mind.  Maybe there is a chance hidden in there somewhere.
“Please, for Christ sake just sod off.”
Sherlock closes the door.
my hand slipped and i'm burning and on fire and someone please flush me down the gay toilet.
“Yeah I’ve gotten your notes. You utter bastard. Come inside Sherlock.”
“The name is Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221 B Baker Street.”
"Alright.  What about Janine?  I mean, you must have cared about her at least a little, you had to have been convincing."
“What information?”
“I’m so sorry John. I really, I really don’t know what to say.”
“Well enjoy that now, because first thing tomorrow I’m going through the entire flat.  No more smoking, Sherlock.”
__________
“Hey,” John said, trying to compose himself. “Guess I’ve got five minutes.”
“Goodnight, Sherlock,” John says.
On the second day, Sherlock makes John eat.  He has toast and then later biscuits.  He forces it down with tea.  The shaking is better.  Sherlock changes the bandages on his feet.  He sleeps, mostly.  Sherlock is in and out of the bedroom, and so is John.  He dreams of train rides where a woman keeps falling over and over.
He cries a bit, but only a bit when he is back upstairs.  He falls asleep eventually, but not before he hears Sherlock’s own bedroom door close.
John’s hands are warm on Sherlock’s thigh, and John works quickly, trying to be efficient and minimize the pain.  He’s patched Sherlock up before, on several occasions and it was never awkward then but it feels close to awkward now.  John hasn’t been this close to him in ages and Sherlock is grateful that his breath is already shaky from the pain.
“Sherlock, look. I consider myself to be a fairly level headed man. I’m not often in and out of love. But, can I say no to your request?”
“How in hell could you know that just by looking at the cover?”
Sherlock just nods in agreement.  He gets up off his knees.  The man tries to kiss him before he leaves.  He feels nauseous but lets it happen.  He leaves as quickly and as quietly as possible.
“It’s okay,” John says.
They get take out boxes and walk home.  It’s cold but Sherlock doesn’t notice at all.  Sherlock unlocks the door and throws his coat onto the back of a chair.
“I can’t let you in.”
“Me too,” Sherlock says, and then laughs, realizing that doesn’t quite make sense. John thinks about reaching across the space between them and resting his hand on Sherlock’s knee. He doesn’t though. He just laughs with his eyes closed, head tipped back. He’s drunk. And very happy. And very in love.
Sherlock looks at him and nods.
“Of course you should be.  And like I said.  Most people are boring.  You’re not.  You’re fascinating.”
“Oh my God,” John breathes.  He looks up at Sherlock, who looks completely undone.
John closes his eyes, breathes in deeply.
“Definitely not,” John says, biting his tongue down on the question of Irene, Janine, the
“The thrill of the chase,” Sherlock continues, “The blood pumping through your veins
Harry was caught with Cecelia three days after her fifteenth birthday. John hadn’t the slightest what had been happening at the time, he only understood after the fact. He had been doing his history homework, sharpening his pencil for the seventh time, when his mother had come into the kitchen and leaned against the counter.
For a moment, Sherlock wraps a hand around the back of John’s thigh, and squeezes.  Sherlock smiles up at John from the sofa, and he looks so content that John can hardly breathe.
“I was right, yes?” John asked, desperate for approval.
“Who would want me for a flat mate?” Sherlock says.  Stamford is kind enough to smile at Sherlock and shake his head.
Sherlock leans forward, inspecting, and for a moment, John thinks he is going to kiss him.  Sherlock looks soft and very serious suddenly, and is staring John down as if he expects something from him.
He throws the covers off and runs a hand down his face.  He’s a little surprised he’s slept so much.  Eight hours isn’t what he’s used to, though in his defense he had only slept for four hours in the two days previous.  Still, he’s slipping.  He’s just turned thirty and it’s been a couple of weeks but it still shocks him.  He didn’t think he’d make it past twenty five.
“Sure,” John says and he is surprised at himself.  Maybe it’s the way her short blond hair is falling into her eyes so she pulls it behind her ear, or maybe it’s the pink lipstick reminding him of a time when he wasn’t so god awful obsessed with a man with dark curls.  She looks nothing like him, and she’s flattering and he hasn’t spoken to much of anyone these last few months.  Maybe lunch would do him good.
John thinks he could probably do that for Sherlock.  It might even feel freeing.  It might even feel good.
They reached Greg and Molly’s house and John rang the bell. Greg threw the door open, mumbled a greeting, then promptly walked away. John could smell something burning in the kitchen and Sherlock laughed softly next to him. His laugh was a low rumble, and the sound made John’s chest tighten.
Mary nods.  John kisses her forehead and walks out the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thanks! It’s Arthur.” the man said. Sherlock handed the paper over, and upon looking at it Arthur frowned. “What does it say?”
“That would be lovely, thank you,” John said, biting his bottom lip.
“I haven’t gone anywhere,” he replies.  Sherlock has placed a hand on John’s knee, and John is only vaguely aware that they’re basically cuddling in the back of a cop car, and that that is probably Not Good.  He can’t seem to care.  Maybe it’s because he’s drunk, or maybe it’s because he’s in love.  It doesn’t matter.
"You looked...more like you did when I first met you.  Less like You.  You looked...forced..." Sherlock whispers.  "I wanted to fix it."
__________
Sherlock loves John so deeply in this moment that he almost gasps.  He looks too beautiful.  He looks too at peace.  The lines of his face have gone elsewhere, blended into something soft.  He looks confident again.  Sherlock hasn’t seen him look confident since a different lifetime.  The desire for a cigarettes leaves him.  He could call out to John here, and he would hear his voice coming from six years previous.  He could hear his own voice fucking begging for a second chance.
__________
If Mary hadn’t happened, John wonders if he would have kept feeling sorry for himself.  He wonders what would have happened if Sherlock had come back and Sherlock had found him as pathetic as he was when he had first left him.
“Well, I work exclusively with dead people so I think my hat should be thrown in the ring,” Molly said, taking a sip of her wine.
John does.  Sherlock’s eyes are dark.
“Fine, very…good.  And you?”
“Your phone,” John says.
“You…I’m sorry.”
“You’ve only been out two hours,” she replies.
“Well yes, I suppose but I also live here.”
The day they met.
“You’re joking aren’t you?” John asks, and now he knows his voice is gone, it’s coming out all wrong, and he can’t really sound that pathetic, can he?
“So why wouldn’t he just give me his bloody number?”
“All right?” John asks the nurse.  She laughs a little.
“You can talk, Johnny Boy, go on.”
Sherlock places one hand on the kitchen table and lets the other wrap around John’s neck.  John places a hand on Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock bends forward, letting their lips finally meet.
woweeeeeeewooooo just short of a
Sherlock tries to remember the last time he held someone’s hand and comes up completely short.  He isn’t used to this at all.  It doesn’t make sense that someone is interested in him.  The maniacal drug addict that has been pathetically sad for as long as he can remember; not a huge catch.  Not to mention that he didn't know how to be a person, a normal person.  Normal is boring.  And terrible.  And God, John is handsome.
It’s one in the afternoon and they’ve just come back from a case.  A case involving a dead father who conducted the orchestra at the Old Imperial Theatre, and a deranged motor cyclist which had very much left John out of breathe and up the whole night.  They just reached Baker Street in the early afternoon after a mountain of paperwork.
Sherlock stands, comes towards John until they are inches apart.  Sherlock looks down at John, and his face is pure panic.  John continues to be an immovable ancient pyramid.
“Get. Out.”  John can feel his soldier face falling over him.  He must have done something properly because Sherlock sniffs, relieves his back from its hunched state and straightens, then stomps out of the bathroom passed John.  John shuts the door behind him with a tidy thud.
As soon as he spoke, Sherlock walked over and kissed John. This time, John did not numbly keep his hands on his hips. This time, he ran his hands through Sherlock’s hair, and then let one of his thumbs stray across Sherlock’s left cheekbone. All of John’s breath left his body at the same moment that his body felt as though it were on fire.
He turned John down in a way that felt too easy. Sherlock had denied himself a million other tiny pleasures, what was one more. And besides, what would he have said?
“Why would you let me use you?  That doesn’t make much sense now does it?”  John stepped closer to Sherlock, licked his lips, his arms folded behind his back.
“Aren’t you busy tomorrow, with the upcoming trial?”
“I miss you John.  I want you to come home.  Why won’t you let me help you?”
Sherlock ran to his phone and immediately started talking.
A week later, John leaves Baker St. too.  He goes to the nearest pub and gets himself blind drunk.  This is how he’s learned to handle things and though he knows it isn’t good it’s what he has.
“How did we not know?” John asks, pulling away a bit just to take in Sherlock’s face.
John followed her down a small hallway and hardly heard the woman when she said “You’ve got five minutes” as she opened yet another set of doors and John saw Sherlock. He was standing next to a wide open window, and the sunlight was hitting his curls. John tried not to actually gasp at the sight, since that seemed juvenile and silly but it was hardly contained.
“John, is that Sherlock Holmes in our bathtub?”
John sighs heavily. He needs to walk the three blocks home. This is ridiculous. He’s drunk and misses Sherlock. John looks at this girl with a gap between her teeth, mouth slightly open. All the more reason.
“Sometimes,” John answers truthfully.  “Until I remember that she isn’t who I was married.”
He counts the tiles in the ceiling until the doctor comes out.
They take to sitting in front of the fireplace, drinking tea until they are too tired.  They just talk about nothing.
“I went a lot of places.  The worst was when I went to America and when I went to Russia.  In America I had to find a man named Sebastian Moran.  He was Moriarty’s right hand but fled after he died.  He was also the sniper pinned to you when I was on the roof.  I wanted to kill him more than anyone else in Moriarty’s circle.  He was in New Orleans, in the oldest bar in the country.  That city is a dreadful place.  The heat is unbearable, and the city breathes in a horrible heavy pattern.  But, I bought him a drink in the bar then left him alone.  Then I followed him back to Charles St. and into uptown.  He lived in a house that must have been worth at least a few million quid.  I broke in once he had gone upstairs.  He had a bar in his bedroom.  He made himself a drink.  It was very quiet.  And then…and then I snapped his neck.  I’d killed in self-defense before but never like that.  It was much more satisfying than I had imagined.”
Now, he hasn’t picked up the violin since John has returned.  John hasn’t said anything, but he has eyed the violin suspiciously, as if he expected it to get up and shriek in his face.
In the back of the cop car, they are alone save for the policeman in the front, but they’re separated by bars, so it’s fine.  John’s head is pounding a little, and he’s still completely wasted.  Images are going in and out.
John reaches out to Sherlock and takes his hand.  His grip is steady and unfaltering.
John looks up at him, a hardness suddenly apparent.
He finds Isaac on a dirty mattress near the back of the room, sweating and shaking.  He’s only about twenty.   John sometimes forgets how early these things can happen.  Isaac definitely needs a doctor.
Sherlock let himself go.  The hot tears sprang up.  He threw a beaker at the wall.  If John heard the glass break he didn’t acknowledge it.
“You think this is bad?  You should have seen what I was like when I thought you were dead.”
“There you are.  Beautiful.”
“Goodness, I was trying to make small talk and I started talking about bruising on decomposing bodies….though thinking on it I think that he actually didn’t mind that very much.”
“He would know if I were faking!”
“I’m afraid to fall asleep,” John says out loud, surprising himself.
“Then what’s been going on?  You can go back to Ella you know.  Or you could talk to me.  I know we haven’t normally done that but.  Well.”
He uses the small hidden dagger easily.  The blood from the throat flows easily.
The first is during the day.  Sherlock is shot on a case and bleeds out all over John as he is held in John’s trembling fingers.  This is cliché and pathetic, but Sherlock does not care.  It would be beautiful, to smear his own blood across John’s cheek as he reaches out to him one last time.  Sherlock knows this is fucking disgusting, and doesn’t give a damn.
John takes a separate flannel and runs it under warm water, then gently dabs at the caked blood on Sherlock’s face.
“Let’s go in then,” Sherlock said.
John didn’t want to do it.  It was something he hadn’t done in a while, and frankly didn’t want to do here.  This place where he felt useful and needed while not Ever Being Bored didn’t need to be stained of some memory of days past, days John often pretended didn’t happen for the sake of his surroundings.  But one night he woke up right in the middle, between midnight and the Witching Hour, and he had been dreaming so intensely of someone who sort of looked like Ellis that it couldn’t be ignored.  He started thinking about James Sholto, the first to bark orders at him—which he had surprisingly enjoyed—the first to verbally tear him down when he’d gotten no sleep and had gotten too cocky.  He thought about how tall, how thin, how kind he had been (before the accident) and pulled himself out, and got it done in no time at all.  The safest thing about it was that no one else would have known what he was thinking.  The worst part was, John was the only one who’d know what he’d been thinking.
Mary drives, and there is a familiar adrenaline rush as John walks into the building that doesn’t feel quite right without Sherlock with him.
John takes another sip of scotch, unable to look Sherlock in the eye.
“John, do you want me to stay?”
“And where did you run off to?” John asks, sitting down in a kitchen chair.
__________
“Yes, of course,” John finally manages, and it all happens so quickly after that. It happens with the telly still playing softly, bathing Sherlock in blue light. And Sherlock’s voice low, breath hitching. It feels languid and like the most tender thing John has ever done. John whispers things to Sherlock, things he’d forgotten he wanted to say while he had been away.
-low clearance
__________
“We’ll get caught, shut up!” Evan hissed, his dark hair shaggy, falling into his face, needing to be cut, needing to be pushed away. They both sat down on the floor, leaning against opposite walls, and John began to think again. He imagined;
John hadn’t realized this was where their conversations were leading exactly.  In the back of his mind, he’d hoped a little but wasn’t sure that he’d make a good partner to anyone.  But she was good, Mary.  Her honesty was needed, the way she made him laugh, the fact that she didn’t seem to mind how unresponsive he could be, how broken he still was, and she hadn’t even asked why.
“This has been…perfect.”
“I don’t believe it.”
“Put your violin down, please,” John says.
Mary releases a breath and puts her head on John’s shoulder.
__________
John clears his throat.
“Well, we’ll find out soon, he’ll be here in fifteen minutes.  Plenty of time to get to know each other I’d say.”
Sherlock comes out of his room in his robe, hair wild.
Sherlock walks towards John finally. He stands close enough that if John reached out he could touch him. John hates how awkward this feels. Instead of dealing with how much he wants to grab Sherlock, John turns on his heel and unlocks the door.
“John,” Sherlock said as he answered the door. John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock briefly, feeling thrilled at the ability to do so.
“I don’t care what people think.”
When John arrives back at the flat Mrs. Hudson is still over at her sister’s. It’s eerily quiet as he climbs the stairs to 221B. He stops on the stairs though. After all that rummaging and destroying of the flat he’d done months ago there was one place he forgot to check. 221C. He bounds back to the landing and in a brilliant, manic burst starts attempting to kick the door in. He isn’t about to wait around for Mrs. Hudson and her keys. She would also ask what he wanted to do in 221C anyway. So he grunts and groans until the door gives. He slams his right side into the door until the door flies open.
He listens until they stop and Sherlock turns towards the door.
When the plane touches back down it is difficult not to grab John and kiss him in full.  Instead, he brushes past him, doesn’t even look at him, and enters the black limousine that Mycroft has waiting for him.  It’s the only way not to grab John, and doing that would be far too dangerous.
When they eat at Angelo’s, John never denies the candle that is placed in the middle of the table.
John pressed the button and the elevator doors shut.
“Sherlock,” John says, pulling away, smiling at him, “This is a lot.”
“I love you, John.  You can’t leave.”
There are painkillers and a glass of water on the table.
Magnussen fixes his glasses, just stares at him, almost smirking.  It doesn’t make any sense.
“John--” Sherlock begins, but John gives him a stern look.
John feels a bit sick, but breathes evenly and goes to hand Sherlock his phone.
“I missed you too. Obviously.”
“It’s too late.  I’m enlisted.”
“I’m a fake,” Sherlock breathes through the phone.  John can hear the aching in his voice.  He doesn’t want to know what his face looks like, is almost thankful he can’t see it.  Though, all he wants to do is put his palm to Sherlock’s face, run his thumb over his cheekbone.
“Of course not,” John said, and found himself clutching the bars of the fence, trying to get a feel for what would be the best angle to climb over at. John grasped the bars, then got his footing. He got about halfway up the fence before he lost his grip. “Whoopsie daisies,” he said without a second thought, and Sherlock began to laugh so hard he had to grip his knees.
He gives Sherlock a glimpse of a smile.
“I think you’ll find that, in this case, you don’t forget how to throw a shot back.”
“Ha.  No.  There was someone in uni, he was too good for me too.”
“I missed this,” Sherlock says.  He wags a finger in the space between himself and John.  John takes it to mean “I missed time with you” or something similar.
“I don’t know,” John said, but he thought maybe he did know.
Does she kiss his lower neck, the notches of his spine?
“When did this start again?  I thought you quit.  You can’t be smoking again.”
By the time Sherlock finds him, John is more than a little drunk.  He leans his forearms against the bar, trying to get his bearings.
“Yes.  It wasn’t the cleverest thing I’ve ever done.  But you followed me, didn’t you?”
As soon as Mary closed the door, John’s hands went to his temples, and he let out the loudest sigh Sherlock had ever heard.
John looks out the window, fiddling with the idea of James Moriarty getting his hands on Sherlock.  It is unpleasant in every aspect, and he wonders what it would be like to rip the eyelids off of Moriarty’s face.
“John,” Sherlock sputters.  His body won’t obey his mind, the transport is betraying him as it always does.
“You’re in pain.  I’m here.  You took advantage of me.”
“I can’t leave it.  I can’t pack up his things.  I can’t pack up his things it feels so wrong.  It’s been five months and it still feels like it is that afternoon, and he’s dying in my head over and over again.  And he doesn’t shut up.  He’s so loud,” John admits, and he can’t believe he’s admitting it, to Harry of all people, but of course it’s to Harry.
They’ve made a complete mess of each other. They stumble into the shower together. Sherlock insists on washing John’s hair for him, which makes John laugh endlessly. After the shampooing, Sherlock pushes John against the slick tile wall of the tub and kisses him. The whole bathroom smells like mint, and as Sherlock gets down on his knees for John in the tub, John thinks about how he’d dumped the shampoo bottles open looking for a sign that Sherlock was still alive. John has to push the back of his skull against the wall hard to keep his legs from going out underneath him as he tugs Sherlock’s hair and Sherlock whimpers beneath him.
As the day wore into evening, John could feel Sherlock watching him from across the room. John was doing a crossword, and Sherlock was staring at his phone, texting his brother. The TV was on low, and though they were hardly talking, John felt as though Sherlock were standing over his shoulder. He felt so drawn to him the entire evening he thought he would crawl out of his skin. John wanted to just close the gap between them. They had been dancing around each other all day.
.  He hadn’t gotten much thinking done and he’s more confused than ever.  Without knowing why he wrote down the phone number for his dormitory on the receipt along with his name. He doubted the man would even be interested in men, let alone himself—and yet.  He liked the man’s dark hair and dark eyes, and even darker voice.  The worst that could happen was that someone else besides his old roommate would
“What, yes,” John says, a solid argument.
“John come on, I’ve got scotch upstairs.”
It’s in the dresser, between a pair of navy blue socks and an old tie that John hasn’t worn in ages. It’s
“I’m fine,” Sherlock responds automatically.  “How is he?”
Sherlock is next to him, fast asleep, mouth hanging open a little.  There is sweat on his forehead from sleep, and his curls are sticking to his forehead because of it.
He turns, looks around.  He is in Sherlock’s bedroom, the expensive, fluffy pillows and sheets all huddled together around him.
John pulled his eyes away and tried to keep his face bland.  When his food is brought, and when the man gives him a full, real smile he sort of feels like the wind has been knocked out of him.
And Sherlock had expected him to welcome him back, almost.
John’s phone is ringing, somewhere.  He pulls it off the night stand.  It’s Sherlock.
“This is why I never do the shopping,” Sherlock says as he saunters off.
“Because we can stop whenever you want.”
him. But John wasn’t rich or famous. In fact, he was nobody, so it made sense really. On his way out, John got caught up by Greg and others from the Yard. Sally Donovan ranted and raved about how Sherlock seemed to be brilliant but was a total arsehole, and Greg kept trying to keep everything neutral and failing. John tried to walk away and out of the hotel several times but Mycroft was standing near the door, and he really did not want to make light conversation with the man.
“Alright.”
“I can’t.  It’s too much.  Please.”
He hates that he’s doing it, and he doesn’t know anything for certain but he shaves and puts on his “date” clothes. He looks at his reflection in the mirror and doesn’t hate it. He sighs at himself and clenches his fists at his sides. Nods. Sherlock is going to show up today.
“Yeah, and you’re dead, I don’t need your opinion.”
And Sherlock, who had spent months listening to the beats of absence, willing John to be with him again somehow while still telling himself that John deserved to be happy, had breathed “Yes” into the phone without a second thought.
__________
But now is not the time to think about his dead never-lover, and he straightens his jacket, grabs his keys, and leaves his flat.
“I like him,” Mary replies, a little grin forming at the corners of her mouth.
Sherlock sighs into his tea.
Sherlock didn’t have an answer.  He felt sick, shaking, with a quiet dull fire burning through his chest, tightening the organ underneath his bullet-scarred skin.
Sherlock chuckled, then ran a hand through his hair.
__________
John knew that would be Harry. He had completely forgotten to warn her in any capacity and to his horror Harry walked into the room and immediately let “Holy fuck!” slip out of her mouth.
"Did you love her?"
“Oh, I’ll tell you what’s so wrong,” John says, and he winks as he does.
Sherlock is laughing at him, pointing and laughing.  And John can’t help it, he’s smiling too.
“No sir, nobody under either of those names is here. Though there was a Mr. Chagall in earlier. He checked out about an hour ago, and I believe he’s holding a press conference at the Savoy in about thirty minutes.” The receptionist winked at John completely on the sly, and John was so happy he pushed himself over the front counter and kissed her cheek.
“I missed you! He missed you! You lied…” And then she turns to John. “Did you know he was alive this whole time?!” She demands. John rolls back on his heels and places his hands behind his back, keeping his mouth shut.
“It was good to see you,” John says.  Molly smiles lightly and nods.  John steps out of the train’s doors and shakes his head.
Sherlock looks worried, brows furrowed together.
“John, have you seen the news!” Phillip exclaimed. Then promptly made his way upstairs. Before John could stop him, he had opened the bathroom door.
“Oh, and could you take the dirty dishes and trash as well? I’d appreciate it so much,” Janine said.
Sherlock is unconscious when John finally gets to see him.  He’s pale and though John tries to keep himself composed it doesn’t work well.  He swallows down and seats himself next to Sherlock.
“Yes.”
“Because you won’t love me after.”
“It’s nothing, John,” Sherlock replies, and turns the light off.
Sherlock makes a noncommittal humming noise and so John places the order.
“Your performance of death was the coward’s way out.  Will you really repeat yourself?” Moran asks.
Sherlock recalls every time he had wanted to die in the past and how now he is trying desperately to live.
“That’s way too much food for two people.”
John kisses the side of Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock feels his heart flutter.  John moves to pull away but Sherlock keeps him there, putting a hand around the back of his neck.
“I’m really sorry.”
__________
When he opens his eyes, Sherlock is gone.  The absence stings.  He’s crying again, it’s so stupid.
“Even if you do love me, we both know I am simply what is left over from the life you had chosen that has gone completely wrong, which, coincidentally, would never have happened had you never met me.  If anything I am a consolation prize after you have lost everything and, how I’d like to believe you John.  But that would also mean--” Sherlock cuts himself off, and puts the back of his hand to his mouth.
__________
"Yes!  For God's sake.  She was trying to make you jealous.  I was pleased to see that it worked.
_________
John begins to laugh, shaking his head.  He leans back in his chair and just takes in all of Sherlock.  It’s stupid how beautiful he is.  John wants to touch his throat softly, letting his fingers glide back, to the back of Sherlock’s head.  He’s too drunk, and so is Sherlock.  He’s waited so long though.
“Of course I called for backup,” Sherlock says.
The second is to die at the exact same second as John, so that he will not ever have to live in a world in which John Watson is not alive.  He’d prefer they died younger than sixty, but he’d be willing for older if that’s what John wants.  They drown together, and though Sherlock cannot breathe he has John’s lips on his so he suffocates beautifully to the press of John’s mouth on his.
“I know.”
Mycroft’s smug smile falters. He clearly didn’t know about the messages.
“It’s difficult to conceive of the impossible,” Sherlock replies.  He’s sure he looks pathetic.
“I don’t lie,” he replied.
“What if she doesn’t believe me?”
“You know, people don’t usually like that bit.”
John watches them kiss, the most likely and unlikely pair in the world.
He showers for a long time.  When he gets out he bandages his own feet.  He brushes his teeth three times.  He dries his hair with a towel.  He realizes he needs to get it cut.
John can’t feel anything anymore, save for the strange strangling sensation that is coming from his throat as he laughs at the terrible joke.
Sherlock laughed at that, then sat down on one of the sofas in the room. There were three total, and John assumed one night in the hotel would cost him one month’s rent at least.
“It’s his first novel.  How did you get this?”
If every girl Harry knew wanted boy’s attention, why wasn’t Harry trying? Why wasn’t Harry trying?
“John dear, I confess I’ve done something.”
“John has just turned down Sherlock Holmes,” Harry said from her chair.
“I know dear, I miss him too.” She takes one of John’s hands across the table, and he considers for a moment telling her.
“I’m asking you, Sherlock.  I’m asking you to be my best man.”
“Alone is what I have.  Alone protects me,” Sherlock says as John walks out the door.
“What do I do with this?”
“Wallet? No. John, did you know that Moriarty is going to trial soon.”
"She isn't dead you know," Sherlock says.  "I got her out of a tight spot.  I believe she's in China now.  Last she texted anyway."
“John?”
“You’re in love with me?” Sherlock demands.
Sherlock almost laughs, but he turns it into a scoff instead.  Merely the idea of having a flat mate is entirely laughable.  Imagine another person living in the same vicinity of Sherlock is insane.  Sherlock keeps body parts in the crisper and doesn’t sleep for days and yells and shoots at the walls because he gets
“What, are you trying to put me off?”
The next morning, John couldn’t seem to find anything.
“I sure hope that doesn’t end up in the newspaper.”
Sherlock curled up against John and then ran a finger across John’s bullet wound scar. It was the reason he was back in London and not out in the desert saving lives. John didn’t like to look at it.
Afterwards, when John has fallen asleep and Sherlock is lying awake, he can’t help himself and he goes out to have a cigarette.  This is his version of hiding a little, of being private within himself.  It’s terrifying and perfect because John had moved and touched and kissed exactly like Sherlock had thought he would, but also it was better because Sherlock never could have imagined half of it.  Not when it was so real.  So in front of him.  He smokes down to the filter and then lights another one.  He’s not so afraid of fucking it up anymore.  He’s only afraid of how calm he is.
Sherlock waves the printed out case in John’s face.
“I’m in love with you Sherlock.  I’m sad because I’m in love with you and you will never feel that way about me.  I’ve been in love with you since the night at the pool and I won’t ever be able to not be in love with you.  That’s why I can’t look you in the eye.  I don’t believe that you didn’t know that.  Did you really just want me to say it?”
“That sounds perfect,” John said. Mrs. Hudson would cover. Or the shop could be closed. It could be closed indefinitely. It didn’t matter.
__________
John met Amelia when he was seventeen. Her dark skin under his mouth made him nearly cry and when he kissed her he swore she killed him. She was an ethereal being, and he worshiped the ground she walked on. Every single time he said he loved her, he meant it. Even when he said it before he hung up the phone, even when he walked her to her car, even when he had already said it eight times that same day. He loved the way she kissed. The other girls he had kissed didn’t know how to kiss. He wanted to be good for her, so when he touched her for the first time he said “Tell me what you want. Tell me what’s good, what’s not, when I’m right, when I’m wrong.” John had never done any of this before, but he wanted to be good. And she did tell him. And he tasted her wet in his mouth, undone. She did the same for him. He loved her.
“John, there’s something I’ve meant to say always and never have.  Since it’s unlikely we’ll ever meet again I suppose I should say it now.”
Sherlock knew there would be some kind of joy and solace in a confession.  Should he tell the truth and bear the shame?  The shame of John knowing exactly those words.  Could he live in a world where those words had been said out loud, coming out of his mouth?  Would the pain of shame give him a certain power, to at least know that he had finally spoken the truth, the rugged and dirty truth?  Perhaps Sherlock wasn’t aware of the exact shame he would face.  Could he take John’s face when he said it?  Could he take him not saying it back?  He felt sick thinking about it.  He wanted to say it, and yet knew he would never say it, all at once a bile growing in his throat instead of words.
“I’m sorry, but we can only take the one question please.”
But when he found it, he’d laid awake in bed, playing it, over and over.
And the image does become reality.  They are sitting at a picnic table, early morning.  John hasn’t shaved in three days and doesn’t seem to notice.  He has tea, not coffee in his mug and the sun is out, the breeze blowing through his hair gently.  He looks healthy, and Sherlock can almost swear he sees the smallest smile forming on John’s mouth.  His hand is moving quickly over the page, his writing coming out with intent.  He was using his favorite pen.  He’s wearing a forest green sweater and it’s new, at least new to Sherlock.  For the first time he isn’t concerned about whether Mary bought it or not.  The leaves behind him are red, some yellow.  The table shakes just a little with the steady movement of John’s hand against his notebook.  He’s completely gone to the rest of the world.  Sherlock can’t help but stare.  It doesn’t matter, he’s been watching John for his entire life.
John’s legs feel numb, as do his hands and lips.
Does she imagine that they fuck every night?  That he’d possibly be able to do such a thing while still married?
Then suddenly, John is laughing.  The lines at his eyes crinkle and he bursts into a laughter so big and so genuine that it startles Sherlock.
“You’re the best thing that could have happened to me,” John says.
“Can you believe all that,” John breathes.
"Yes I did.  I love you so much it hurts," John admits, and takes a deep breath.
“Small mercies,” John grumbles, and crosses his arms.
It’s too familiar.  It rips something open.  Sherlock feels like moaning.  He isn’t sure he is ready for everything just yet but he thinks if he doesn’t kiss John so hard it bruises that he will die.  So he does. He kisses him hard.  It feels correct.  His hands shake as he does so.
“What?”
“Okay,” John said, laughing lightly. “I’ll wait. I have no idea what it’s for but thank you all the same.”
“I don’t know.  Now just sit. Down.”
It is impossible that John doesn't know.  Borderline offensive even.  He’s been screaming it for years so loudly that his throat is raw and damaged; and yet.
“Yes?” Sherlock says.  John’s eyes are set and Sherlock thinks the wind may have been knocked out of him.
He really isn’t sure what to say back.  He says the only thing he can think of.
John and Sherlock found themselves wandering around London, walking aimlessly and just chatting absentmindedly. John felt more calm than he had since had returned from Afghanistan. As they walked, they came upon one of the gated neighborhoods. John knew that inside there was a lovely garden with trees curling along the pathway.
John sips his coffee.  It’s too hot, though he isn’t sure he can feel it.
“Shut. Up.”
John knows she’s in a great deal of pain, but won’t say.  And he won’t ask because he isn’t very good at talking about these types of things.  He looks again at the phone, and the engraving.  What a fucking waste.
Mary knew all this too, as she missed nothing.  Mary was far too brilliant. They had ended up arguing more and more because of this boredom.
Moran bends down so that he meets Sherlock at eye level.  Their faces are inches apart.  It’s what Sherlock had been waiting for.
At home in his new (year old) flat, he makes tea.  It’s a bit bigger than Baker St, also farther away from the heart of London.  It’s at least better than staring at all of Sherlock’s things, making himself crazy.  It’s been a year and a half and he’s still hurting.  He doesn’t think it will ever stop at this point, it is terminal now.  Ubiquitous and lonesome.  As is his love.  That’s really the worst part of it.  The desire still there.  The way Sherlock moved his hands against the violin still a vivid memory, beautiful and sharp.  John sits down to take his tea, let’s himself rest.  He hasn’t had a drink in two months and he’s quite impressed with himself.
“Fine, and yourself?”
When he gets back it has just turned five o’clock.  He walks to Sherlock, to show him the bottle, to invite him to sit down with him.  When he makes it to Sherlock’s bedroom however, he is disappointed.
“I’m so sorry, Harry.  That’s a shame.”
“Sorry, I must’ve woken you,” John says, starting to feel embarrassed.
“The last time you were in London there were some fairly graphic photos taken of you and a John Watson. Would you care to comment about those photos?”
Sherlock has tried to call him incessantly for the past three days.  John won’t pick up.  John is so afraid to hear his voice.  It will sound achingly beautiful and achingly sad and John won’t know what to say.  John would tell Sherlock to leave him alone if he thought he could muster it or be even a bit convincing.
“Why don’t you just go and find out?”
“So I was nervous, shut up, less talking.”
Now, they crawl into the sheets together.
After, John starts to think of Sholto less as Sholto and more as James, and that probably isn’t right.  Sometimes James calls him John instead of Watson but it’s only happened twice perhaps and can’t mean much, but the mutual respect is there and heavy and it would be rather nice, if John could just stop itching for something more.  It’s not as if much has changed.  But Sholto’s slap and John’s ability to take it for what it was (not just an order to be pulled together, a showing of all John was) left them both somewhat different.  John couldn’t find the words for it despite how much he tried and somewhere in the back of him he thought it might be best if he didn’t find it.
Sherlock would like to turn John into an element on the periodic table.  He knows John would be an Alkaline Earth Metal, but he can’t decide between Beryllium or Calcium.  If John were an element, he’d know what to do with him, at least.
“Well, that’s true,” John says, “But he’s not my best friend.”
Jim from I.T. was giving John a wicked grin, and one that he did not much care for.
“Sure, I’ll go check,” she said, and walked out of the room. She came back within seconds and nodded to John. “Mr. Watson. Right this way.”
“Yes.  I’m not sure when exactly it happened but I can’t remember a time when I didn’t love you, so.  There.”
John was only a few moments away from reaching his flat when he rounded a corner and found himself chest to chest with none other than Sherlock Holmes once again. Unfortunately, John’s tea had found its way onto Sherlock’s button down that probably cost more than what John’s bookshop made in a week.
John stares at Irene Adler, and the way she makes eyes at Sherlock, and his stomach turns over.  He quickly learns that she is smart, and cunning, and somewhat impish.  She leaves out a window in nothing but Sherlock’s coat.
John looks up from watching the floor and sees Mrs. Hudson, her face scrunched up with surprise.
“He’s pulled through,” John says, and he hugs her.  He’s smiling, he’s realized.
“Oh please, you know me better than I know myself,” John replies.  He looks a bit more serious now and Sherlock knows that he means what he’s saying.  The idea that this could be true throws Sherlock off and he can feel himself giving John a confused look.
“Sure. Might as well. All that’s waiting for me at home is a nutter conspiracy theorist.”
“Hardly I just…”
“You’re going to get a rash, or get dizzy and pass out, or throw up or all three, or, something WORSE. Take them off!”
“Come on, who would want me for a flat mate?”
__________
“Do you ever plan on telling me what happened when you were abroad?” John asks.
Sherlock woke up first in the morning.  The sun wasn’t even up yet and John still had an arm around him.  Sherlock was unable to move.  John scooted closer to him, and Sherlock felt how hard he was.
“Don’t remind me,” Sherlock replies, burying his nose in John’s neck. John falls asleep.
“I picked it from the papers.”
She was tall, with freckles, and had a laugh like bells.  Harry and Clara settled him in nicely.  They put the pots and pans in the shelf under the forks, knives, and spoons, and then Harry made his bed up while Clara put the kettle on.  John could tell Harry was drunk the entire time.
It was lunch time, John was eating a pear and Sherlock walked from his bedroom to the bathroom.  He’d come out freshly showered and dressed, and he’d been drying his hair with a towel when he’d come out, talking to John about Moriarty, eyes wide, looking a bit crazed.
if you don't like Bad Mary this is not the fic for you! just a fair warning. :3
John opens his mouth then closes it.
“And you? Is there anyone?”
“What makes this so much different than any other case we were on together? It’s always dangerous,” John insists.
“Me?”
“No fair, you’re all legs and…I’m very much not. You made it look far too easy.”
“No, no that isn’t what I meant…I meant, that I’m thankful to be here.  I’m very happy here, Sherlock.”
John doesn’t remember most of this in the morning.
“Still, after everything?” Sherlock says, and can’t help but laugh a little.
“If anyone out there still cares, I’m not actually gay,” John tells her.  It’s not a lie, but it’s not quite true either.  He isn’t gay.  But he’s also deeply in love with a man.  He isn’t gay, that was always his cover.  He likes women too, so, he’s not gay.
__________
John has no idea who she is.  He is in love with some part of her.  Or, maybe, she doesn’t even exist.  She’s a ghost.
When they got back to Evan’s room, Evan turned the key into the lock and nearly fell onto the floor as he pushed the door open. John laughed loudly, and Evan shushed him.
He knows what Mary must be thinking.  She knew he was in love with Sherlock and now he’s living with him again.
Sweat trickles down his temples and he wipes it away. He’s broken into a flat and now he’ll have to explain to Mrs. Hudson. He’s got no idea what he’ll tell her. He leaves 221C and slams the door behind him as he leaves. He stomps back to 221B and unlocks the door. He feels dead tired suddenly. He closes the door to 221B and then slides down slowly against it. He pushes the heels of his palms into his eyes and sighs heavily. He had just hoped so much. He’s sick of waiting. He needs the waiting to end. What if Sherlock has been alone on Christmas?
John met Clara just the once.  She came with Harry to hospital to pick him up and help move him in to his new flat, the one he really couldn’t afford on an army pension.
__________
They are about to leave when the plane is turned around.  It only takes four minutes.
“Here, use mine,” says the warm voice from across the room.  Finally, Sherlock looks up.
“You’re an idiot.  For so many reasons.”
Of course John throws the shot back and swallows with no problem whatsoever.  Sherlock rolls his eyes so hard he thinks they might get stuck in the back of his head.
John joins Sherlock next to the fireplace.  Tomorrow they will go to Appledore and destroy the files on Mary.  They can’t exist if his daughter is going to be safe.  He’ll forgive Mary as sincerely as he can manage.  They’ll take the laptop from Mycroft as a means of trade.  It’s simple enough.
Alright, try not to die.  Not dying would be a fairly good thing to do.  Breathe slowly and wait, try to apply pressure…applying pressure is apparently not possible, because even breathing is hard.
“Nothing,” Sherlock says, and rearranges the eggs on his plate that have gone completely cold over the last twenty minutes.
John catches the smirk that crosses Sherlock’s face as he walks away.  He feels himself blush.  He feels like he’s sixteen and he can’t even be upset about it.  Instead he revels in it.  He wonders how obvious he is.  He wonders if he cares at all.
John smiles.
There are rules in the military.
The color John’s tea turns when it is completely steeped and ready for consumption is the exact color of Victor Trevor’s eyes.  A warm brown, his skin being just a bit lighter.  Sherlock would kiss this boy and his elegantly long Indian nose during his University days in his dorm room on the third floor.  This dorm room (the first room) is where Sherlock goes when he wants to remember that once, someone liked him.  Like John does.  (But also not like John does).
John had heard that Sherlock could be difficult to work with. John could easily see him arguing with Greg, being sarcastic and far too blunt. The thought made John smile.
“You can’t make me,” Sherlock says, defying the trained war veteran with a sneer and a voice so childish it is nearly impossible to believe it’s coming from a thirty-three year old man.
“I’m going to put this away but John! I have been doing some research and I must tell you! I think that most recent case Greg was telling us about must have been something other than a simple robbery. I really think it could have been much more planned out than the Yard is letting on. Remember that string of petty thefts last month? Well, I have a theory--” Phillip began, then sighed. “Of course it could all be nothing but I’m not going to just sit around and wait for the possibility to manifest!”  The bags of groceries fell to the kitchen floor and a handful of apples spun across the hardwood. Phillip walked straight into his bedroom and didn’t look back. He had somehow, miraculously, not noticed Sherlock at all, which seemed impossible but given Phillip always being so in his own head was very probable.
Sherlock is wide awake.
“Who was it?” Sherlock called from the kitchen.
“Nuh uh…you see, Johnny Boy…
It is late a week later, around two am and the city is uncharacteristically quiet from Mary’s window.  Her head is balanced precariously on his shoulder, the bad one, with the scar.  She has arm around his waist and he’s playing with her hair, the curtains drawn, her face purple and blue shades in the night.
Sherlock rolls his eyes but does so.  John takes in the extent of Sherlock’s back.  There are pink scars all over his back.  They look like they may have been quite deep at one point.
He watches John walk up the stairs, completely limp free, and knows he has done something fantastic and wonderful today.  He wants to get up and follow John, walk up the stairs and stop him, push him against the wall and kiss him gently.  He hasn’t kissed anyone in nearly ten years but the idea intrigues him and somehow doesn’t scare him to death like he always thought it would.  And it seems that John would want that, but what if he’s wrong?  He almost never is, but this could be a terrible error.  John is beautiful and brave and absolutely perfect.  Sherlock doesn’t do any of the things he wants to but instead stands up and walks to his bedroom.
“Wanted to get caught?”
“Intimacy is the art of licking wounds. And it’s taken me years to let anyone kiss me when my lips were chapped.”
“My brother has the brain of a scientist or a philosopher, yet he elects to be a detective. What then might we deduce about his heart?” Mycroft said, eyes boring into John’s skull.
Sherlock wonders if John thinks he’s just playing it up to get complimented.  He hopes not.  He’s drunk now, he can tell.  He’s finished his most recent glass of wine.
John will not forgive him for making him love him.  He will not forgive himself for letting it happen, though he’d never have it any other way.
“You missed Christmas again,” John says matter-of-factly. He thinks maybe if he just states facts he’ll be able to push through this.
done to me?”
“Me, yeah, yeah I’m fine, fine.  That thing that you um, that you offered to do that was, good.”
“Surprisingly well.”
“Nah, I know you’re for real.”
So he leans over.  His mouth lands against the side of John’s, somewhat uneven but it doesn’t matter. John makes a soft noise in the back of his throat and that gives Sherlock the confidence to bring his hand up around John’s waist.  He’s out of his chair now, almost tripping over his own feet.
Seeing Sherlock arrested may be one of the most surreal things John has ever seen.  It also makes him intensely angry.
“Well wouldn’t it have been the daughter?  For the money?”
“Have you slept with him yet?” Greg asked and John nearly choked to death on his sip of wine.
He doesn’t feel like he can breathe so he thinks damn the coffee and goes back outside into the fresh air and has a panic attack so violent that for a moment he thinks he will vomit all the biscuits Mrs. Hudson had insisted he eat that morning.
The thief placed the book back on the counter, dusting it off with the back of his hand. When he made to leave the shop he finally noticed Sherlock and stopped in his tracks.
“Sure, sure,” John said, feeling as though he would agree to anything as long as it bought him more time with Sherlock.
“Okay.”  John should be embarrassed, he can feel himself smiling, he’s being so obvious.  He laughs a bit, heart leaping.  It’s been so long since he’s done this.  A man, flirting.  Trying.  He’s nearly stammering. “You’re unattached, like me.  Good.”
Sherlock moves away a bit, looking away.  He pulls the blankets up over his chest.
Sherlock’s coat flutters back and forth like a cape, as always.  Sherlock turns, his face pale and revealing nothing.  It doesn’t need to, the dead man next to them speaks volumes.
“I’m fine, it’s just a bit funny that.  That’s one way to start a new job.”
Sherlock stared back at John, John’s lips pressed together hard, breathing heavily. Sherlock couldn’t move.  John then leaned down and pressed his mouth to Sherlock’s, hard.  Sherlock whimpered into him, and his violin clattered to the ground.  Sherlock nearly wrapped his fingers around John’s neck, nearly tore his nails into John’s back, but stopped himself.
When Mary asks what happened, John says “He did it for us, to keep you safe.”  He isn’t sure what else he can say.
“You know me so well,” John says, a grin plastered across his face.
“If you want,” John replies, and carefully takes off his coat.
Even if Sherlock did love him as John loved him, he’d never do a thing about it if he thought Sherlock might have thought he was a second choice.
“SHERLOCK, STOP!” John yells from the ground.  Sherlock turns to face him, eyes wild.  Sherlock is breathing heavily.  He falls to the ground where John is laying.
“Jesus, why have you been walking around when it’s storming out?”
He leans forward and kisses John.
Sherlock pushes him into a cab and gets in after him.
They solve two more cases within the week but they’re small and simple, yet after the second case John insists on getting drinks.
“Morning John! Have you checked the sales yet?” she asked eagerly, hoping for good news.
“Are you okay?” Sherlock asks.
Eventually, Phillip joined John in this venture. Despite Phillip walking right past Sherlock Holmes earlier in the day, he knew almost everything there was to know about the man.
The last thing John expects to see in Kitty’s flat is Moriarty.  But there he is.  Hair wild, wearing a fucking cardigan.
They walked back to the Ritz, laughing the whole way. At one point, John reached out and took Sherlock’s hand, and Sherlock let it happen, holding just as tight as John.
“Good decision,” Sherlock said, and it came out so softly that John almost missed it entirely. “But John. The fame? It isn’t really real. And please don’t forget. I’m also just a boy. Standing in front of a boy. Asking him to love him.”
John led the way into his flat. He unlocked the door with a shockingly steady hand and then immediately grew self-conscious as he took in the view of his cluttered flat. There were dishes in the sink and on the kitchen table, and there were some of Phillip’s clothes flung about. John frowned at the sight, but hid it as he turned towards Sherlock.
“I dunno,” Sherlock replies.  Maybe a one point he did.  He doesn’t know for sure now.
“That isn’t a real reason at all. Continuing to love someone is a choice. You work at it Harry. You don’t just fall out of love.” John feels worked up by this, irrationally so. Harry’s brows pull together in confusion.
“You’ve been doing very well then.  I’ve only noticed a handful of times.”
Sherlock didn’t answer, only opened and closed his mouth.
When he gets home he warms up left over casserole from Mrs. Hudson. He falls asleep on the sofa and wakes up in the morning with a headache.
The room is completely empty. It’s dusty and dingy with disuse. John pants in the middle of the empty flat, completely out of breath. He spins around in a circle three times, desperately hoping to find a sign of something, anything.
He feels wild with this, for lack of a better phrase, life change. He feels Sherlock’s tongue drag along his bottom lip, and then John fully realizes what is happening to him. John pulls back the smallest amount, to let them both breathe.
“No, on my own.”
John drags himself up the seventeen steps up to 221B, takes off his coat, and immediately pours himself scotch.
“Guess I should be going,” John said, grabbing his things.  He walked out of the library, and didn’t turn around.
“Yeah.”
“C’mere,” John says, and kisses Sherlock again, just as the kettle whistles.
“How long do you think it will last?” Sherlock asks.
John wakes up to the paramedics ringing him.  Panic hits him, as evidently Mrs. Hudson has been shot.
“Well then, who was it?”  John asks.
“I’m not hungry, let’s have dinner.”
“Does Mrs. H. know?” John asks. Sherlock shakes his head.
“Since when?”
“I’m just not ready Mrs. H.,” John says. He hopes it will suffice. He even tries to look a bit sadder. He does miss Sherlock, so it isn’t terribly hard. She gives him a pitying look, and then sits down at the kitchen table next to him.
“I nearly didn’t recognize you with the mustache,” she says, then giggles a bit.
This conversation feels dangerous, but important nonetheless.  And in all honestly, John is sick of taking the easy routes.
“Hush,” John says, “You’re telling me you’ve really broken your nose that many times?  What am I saying of course you have, I’m sure you’ve been punched in the face plenty.”
John shakes his head, laughs a little into his beer.
“John!” Sherlock says. He doesn’t move from the wall. He’s shivering. He’s been standing outside the flat for longer than five minutes. John walks towards him slowly. His heart feels like it’s beating out of its chest and he no longer feels chilly. He feels like he’s going to sweat out of his jacket now.
John counts his losses on his fingers as if his hurt could possibly be measured.
Sherlock’s lips are trembling, and he’s rubbing his bloodied hands together, like he always does when he’s nervous.
“You called me.  I don’t know if you meant to call me but you did.  You didn’t sound okay.  I got…worried.”
John doesn’t realize the words at first.  When he does, he laughs and it comes out all wrong.
He imagines John waking up in his bed every day of the week.  John’s hair a mess, John’s face covered in lines from the sheets.  The sheets smelling like him.  Sherlock realizes that he needs this desperately to continue.  And John is so handsome it’s impossible.
He realizes he’s in the middle of the sidewalk and turns himself around until he finds an empty alley.  He wasn’t built for this. It wasn’t that he hadn’t thought himself capable.  It was that he hadn’t thought himself fit.  He’s so far past logic that it takes him a full fifteen minutes to calm himself down.  He doesn’t even have any cigarettes.  He remembers the case.  He remembers that John is waiting for him at Bart’s.  He can pretend he’s okay if it comes down to it.
John wraps a hand into Sherlock’s hair, the other cups the side of his face.  Sherlock moves his mouth down to John’s throat and sighs as he kisses there, all growing nerves easing slowly away.  He doesn’t question what has come over him.  It really doesn’t matter.
“Sit down, you’re making me fidgety just looking at you.” Then, for no apparent reason, “I missed you.”
“Okay,” Sherlock says.  His hair is flattened on one side of his face.  “But John, only if you mean it.”
“I’m good.  Are you still at the clinic?”
The plan had not gone correctly.  He’d gotten found out.
“John?  This is ah…George’s diner…waiter.”
John picks the gift up from under the tree, stares down at the wrapping he tried to do nicely but still managed to cock up.
“What, have a drink with friends?”
Sherlock thinks that maybe if he could get John out of London for a while, get him away from memories of Mary, of a life he never had, then maybe John would get some peace and his eyes wouldn’t look wrong and maybe he’d look at Sherlock again, really look.  Because he still won’t look him in the eye.  He won’t sit as close on the sofa, he won’t absent mindedly brush his fingers against Sherlock’s while handing him tea and Sherlock knows it must be because John hates him and he’s sad.
John types. He pours himself another two fingers. He has a right to this.
“No, no I can’t do that.”
__________
“You can’t leave again,” John starts, and then clears his throat, shakes his head, that had come out horribly. “No. No what I mean is. You can leave
__________
__________
The sirens helped, but Greg still nearly caused several accidents. He was trying to move as fast as he could and he was working with limited knowledge as he wasn’t on duty. After many minutes of honking and brake squealing, Greg parked and John dashed out of the car.
“It was the rope, wasn’t it?” John asks.  He turns the television off.
“Good luck,” John said with a sigh, biting into his toast.
“You daft prick,” Phillip said, and he looked more serious than John had ever seen him before.
“Still.  How’s your ribs?  Nothing broken I presume.”
John laughed again, gulped down some more beer, mind finally easing up.
When he walks in Sherlock has a blowtorch in hand and goggles on.  Best not to ask.
“Why?”
Only he never does.
“You’re so much, I can’t believe my luck.  You know, when I saw you at Bart’s I already knew I was in trouble.”  John laughs at himself, then puts Sherlock’s face in both of his hands and kisses him once more. “I mean I’m utterly fucked.  I don’t want to scare you off.”
“Happy New Years, John,” Sherlock says.  Sherlock begins to play, and John sits down in his chair.  Sherlock gives him a look from across his violin, and John doesn’t know what it means.  John gets a little drunk in his chair, watching Sherlock play, watching his hands, and then his legs.  Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind that he’s being watched.  He likes the attention.
“How much longer are you staying in the UK?” the reporter repeated, and John couldn’t help but smile brightly, laughing a little at his luck.
“She can’t give you this, she can’t fuck you like this,” Sherlock whispered against John’s neck, going harder and steadier.  “She’ll never screw you this good.”
It’s somewhat awful, how easily he’s agreed to help Sherlock again.  It’s terrifying how they’ve fallen into each other’s pace so easily, walking in unison.  Sherlock doesn’t call for backup, of course.  John isn’t even all that upset, he’s actually enjoying it and he’s sure Sherlock knows.  He knows everything.
“Yeah, ‘s good. What time are you free?”
to do about that fact. He would like to kiss Sherlock within an inch of his life. But instead John is trapped here in limbo.
“Really, I’m so sorry. If you want, I have soap and towels at my flat. You can get cleaned up so that you don’t have to walk around London like this. Really, so sorry.”
“Of course,” John said. As he was getting ready to walk out and come back after the conference began, Sherlock came through the venue’s doors. He was walking so quickly that he nearly ran into John, and they were so close together that John could have wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s middle if he had chosen to.
They’re opening their second bottle of red wine. Sherlock is flush in his cheeks, laughing. He’s also been smoking a lot of cigarettes out the open window but John is too happy he’s here at all to lecture him. In the morning, when things settle John will start in on him about the smoking.
Of course, these were the words he said when he had arrived.  When he’d come back
“Please go away,” John says to Pretend Sherlock, shaking his head, taking another sip of scotch.
“John I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have…” Harry trails off. “It’s just. Well. I’m surprised at how easily you admitted to it.” She gives him a small smile. John smiles back.
“Any time,” Sherlock replies, softly, into his glass, just in case.
“Lovely,” John said, sighing into his water glass. He didn’t think he had it in him, but it was worth a shot. What was there to lose?
“Sherlock, I don’t even know if she cares for me at all.  She may not believe me.”
Mycroft took his glass of whiskey and left the room, clearly irritated by being near someone as idiotic as John. As the door closed behind them John huffed out a laugh.
“No? Okay,” John said, suddenly desperate to keep Sherlock around. “What about something to eat? I have…this danish. Or, or fruit?”
John breathes in, then out.  In, then out.
“What I’m going to tell you is very important.  But I want you to know that I expect nothing of you.  I just want you to know, because you deserve to know,” John says carefully.  He closes his eyes just the once, then opens them, takes a deep breath.
“Yes,” he says, and it’s almost as if he didn’t at all.  It came out without his consent.  His love feels too real now, as it lays between Harry and John on the table, between an ashtray and two glasses of red wine.  His love is dark and calloused and far too real.  Harry inhales sharply.  She blinks rapidly.  If she cries John will flip the table over.
“I knew you weren’t dead. But it’s still a little like I’m looking at a ghost or something.”
“Why would I have said no?  I’d be stupid not to,” he says.
“All right, I’m go--” John starts, but then Anna kisses him. Her hair is soft, falling on John’s cheek. She tastes like pomegranate. For a few seconds, John lets it happen. Then he puts a hand on her shoulder and gently pushes.
Finally he takes Sherlock in his mouth and it doesn’t take long but the way Sherlock says his name makes him feel like he’s finally done something right with his life.
John begs Mycroft to let him see Sherlock, but Mycroft says he’s barely been able to see his little brother.  John knows this must be a lie but has no way to prove it.  He’s only told that Sherlock is given a mission as punishment.  One that most likely, he will not return from.  It’s possible, but even for Sherlock, the odds are not good.  John doesn’t except this. Sherlock has avoided death so many times now it doesn’t seem to be a possibility for him.  But he is allowed to say goodbye.  Mary comes along because John is still following the plan even though none of it seems real anymore.  If he can do anything else now, it will be to look after his daughter.
“Holmes is a hack. It’s obvious that Moriarty has the whole thing planned out. I’m sure it’s all just a publicity stunt for the both of them. None of it’s real, it’s like wrestling. Not to mention have you seen how he has that twinkle in his eye? The guy is probably in and out of rehab on the daily.”
He’s grabbing another coffee at six pm.  It’s his fifth cup of the day and he’s only known John four months but he ends up staring at the black trash bin at the coffee shop as some pop song played in the background, thinking
Sherlock takes John's hand under the covers, and rubs his thumb over John's knuckles.
There are questions burning in John's mouth.
John doesn’t present him with an answer, just stares back, lips tight.  He is unsure how to respond, so he defaults to silence.
"Because it made me want to die that I couldn't go to you."
"You have questions," Sherlock says, throwing his left ankle over John's.  Sherlock pushes his head down further into his pillow.  Of course.
This will not be happening again.
“Absolutely not.  There’s no use arguing.  Those things are absolutely wretched for you.  I need you around you know,” John says, then heads into the bathroom.
John turns to Sherlock and his eyes are tired.  John’s eyebrows pull together and he looks so nervous, like he’s waiting for Sherlock to say something else.  John sighs then licks his lips, and watches Sherlock carefully.
“Coffee?” John asks, looking for something to do with his hands.
John breathes through his nose, and nods a few times.
Sherlock has tried countless times in his head to compose a way to say everything to John.  Everything.  Not just “I love you” or even “I am in love with you.”  Both of these are completely insufficient and partially why he cannot seem to let the confession slide out of his mouth.
“This is my stop Molly.”
“Well let him know, I want you all to myself,” Janine said, then made her way to the bathroom. Fake girlfriend or not, the relationship seemed at least on the surface to be quite real.
“Yep!” John lied, refusing to waste any more time. John went into his pockets and pulled out one of Lestrade’s badges. He had taken it weeks ago, remember how Sherlock had said he had taken some of Lestrade’s badges when he wasn’t looking. He flashed it the receptionist and he was immediately pointed to the direction of the conference.
“Yeah…” John said quietly.  “Yeah.”
Funny he would say that, Sherlock thought, now that John’s happy marriage was hanging loosely by a thread.  John closed his eyes again, seeming to fall straight back to sleep.
It is a fear that feels raw and outrageous and above all wholly true.
“I told you, girlfriends aren’t really my area.”
Sherlock has almost been taken from him more times than John can know for sure.  Between Sherlock’s initial faked death, Mary shooting him in the chest, almost flying away to his death in Eastern Europe, and his intense drug addictions, Sherlock being a part of John’s world has always been fleeting.  John recalls sleepless nights waiting while Sherlock sweat out cocaine, John pushing Sherlock’s curls out of his eyes and pressing a damp cloth to his face.  John asking “Why?” and Sherlock never replying, only closing his eyes.  Mycroft had asked John to look after his little brother, but he hadn’t needed to ask at all.
Sherlock was throwing his clothes back on, pulling one silk black sock on over his foot. His face was a mask, and John couldn’t tell what the man was thinking at all.
When John places a hand on Sherlock’s knee, and Sherlock wraps their fingers together as the telly continues to play, John can’t help but think of how this is a small miracle.  Loving Sherlock has never been easy, but instead had always been something fragile, intense, and never ending.
“We are,” John agrees.
“Sorry,” John said, laughing a little. “I am such an idiot. This whole scenario. It’s something that only happens in dreams. Good dreams. But it’s usually just…dreams. It’s a dream to even be here. With you again.” John felt himself blush and tried to keep his composure.
“If one wishes to be instructed--not that anyone does--concerning the treacherous role that memory plays in a human life, consider how relentlessly the water of memory refuses to break, how it impedes that journey into the air of time. Time: the whisper beneath that word is death. With this unanswerable weight hanging heavier and heavier over one's head, the vision becomes cloudy, nothing is what it seems...
John closes his eyes and wonders how he got so lucky.
__________
“Alright. What about Winnie the Pooh?”
“Nikola Tesla.  My God, of course you did,” John wheezes out.  Sherlock looks at him with a radiant smile and then looks away, almost shy.
“Oh.”
“I told you always.  And if we’re being so exact, I thought you were beautiful from the moment I saw you so.  There.”
Sherlock laughed again. “I’d love some.”
“You have to let him go.”  Harry pronounces every word with care.
“Could you really not tell?” Sherlock says, and John can’t help but laugh.
“Fake Girlfriend?” John asked, utterly confused. Sherlock was gay, anyone with eyes could see as much.
“Do you miss her?” Sherlock asks suddenly, his eyes very bright.
They go to a pub three blocks from the flat.  It’s dark, and there’s too many people.  Sherlock bellies up to the bar and scoots his chair closer to John.  A drunk blond woman behind him knocks into his right arm and spills wine onto his jacket.  To Sherlock’s complete surprise he doesn’t scream at her and instead rolls his eyes as John laughs at the spectacle.  They’ve known each other for a week and somehow they understand each other so well.  It became obvious the first night but it’s truly incredible.  Sherlock tries not to make himself so obvious but it is a bit difficult.  Especially when John wears his nice jacket, and the blue sweater that brings out his eyes.
Sherlock only shrugs and adds two mango lassis to the order.  Sherlock has reason enough to celebrate.  John Watson is living at Baker Street again—permanently, and Sherlock has been wishing for this day for so long it hurts to think about.
“John dear, so sorry to bother you, but you have a delivery up front,” Mrs. Hudson said from the office door.
The man won’t leave the flat to go buy milk but he’ll order John’s favorite Indian dish without ever having asked what it was in the first place.
John will have none of this.
He reaches for his night stand, hand wandering blindly until he feels the pack of cigarettes under his fingertips.  Mrs. Hudson had told him that she didn’t want him smoking in the house, so he does her the favor of opening his bedroom window.  He lights one and immediately feels better.  He arches his back and raises his arms above his head to stretch.
And so began his string of very unfortunate dates. Greg and Molly would host these small gatherings, and John was always very glad that they were both there to take reign of the conversations. John met Sarah, Jeannette, Mary, Margaret, Lizzy, and Charles all within the span of two weeks. Charles was the only one who seemed to fit. He kissed John on the cheek at the door and said “I hope to see you again.” John nodded and shut the door to Greg and Molly’s flat. He then walked back to the living room to see Greg and Molly waiting for him, each with a drink in hand.
She is looking at Carvaggio, knowing his skills from the past, not quite saying it.
John sits back in his chair. His face feels hot. He blinks rapidly. Mycroft raises an eyebrow.
They’re the type of drunk that used to annoy Sherlock.  The type of drunk where he can’t remember much, can’t focus, the outlines of his vision fuzzy.  His brain is slow which normally is unacceptable but now, now it’s magnificent.
Sherlock takes the pills and then leaves.
“Well you know, that book isn’t really the greatest one. Might I suggest this instead?” John held up a title he had just finished the week before. “It’s a bit darker, but it takes a great turn, I had no clue how it would end.” John shot him a smile, and Sherlock smiled back with his hands clasped behind his back.
“No,” John replies.  “No one has died.”
They eat with the telly on low.  If it wasn’t for the knot of worry in Sherlock’s stomach and the noticeable addition of grey to John’s hair, Sherlock would say that he could pretend like the last four years never happened.  He could pretend that it’s September of 2011 and there is still hope that John could reciprocate his feelings, the ones that have been occurring without consent for ages and make him want to sleep for years straight, they make him so exhausted.
“What do you think of the name Ruby?” Mary asks, hanging up her coat.
"Did you see me?" John asks.  He can hardly remember those days.  All he can remember is pain.
It probably had something to do with the fact that John was just as wild and reckless and intensely broken as Sherlock.  And because of this they understood and cared quickly for the other in a way which—Sherlock knew—no one else could or would. Ever.
John is going to have a child.  Sherlock feels so wrong for immediately wishing it weren’t true, but the thought comes anyway.
John presses his mouth to Sherlock’s jawline and then to his chin.  Sherlock feels his eyelids flutter open and shut like the sun is in his eyes.
“I never beg.”
“Oh. Nobody. It’s sort of awkward really. I actually don’t know what he’s doing here. He said Mycroft told him to come here. I think Mycroft was trying to make up for what he did but, I don’t think he understood the situation fully.” Sherlock and Victor then walked a bit farther up towards the tables, and John decided to leave before he could become any more embarrassed than he already was. He left quickly, and Sherlock was none the wiser.
“I got shot,” John says simply.  He gives Stamford one of those dry-hardly-trying smiles, because he is in fact, trying.  Stamford convinces him to sit down.  He finds himself listening to Stamford ramble about Harry helping, saying maybe he could share a flat.
“Do you ever eat a full meal?  I’ve known you over a week and you haven’t died yet but it seems strange, yeah?
So, this is why Sherlock does not say “I love you” on the tarmac, because it would be a lie.  It is so much more than that.  It sounds too simple and the amount will not be conveyed by any words.  How does one describe the feeling of being scrubbed raw until you feel like a bloody stump that has been half chewed apart, then left out in snow, staining and tainting the pure white that surrounds you with your blood?
“You picked up smoking again when I didn’t live here,” John says as he joins Sherlock on the ledge.  The breeze is cool and feels good against his eyelids.
Christmas comes. He spends the holiday with Harry. She breaks out the good scotch, and John doesn’t stop her. He should, he knows, but he doesn’t. He’s too tired to do much. Harry puts on records and talks over them. She talks about Clara, and it doesn’t annoy John as much as it normally would. The scotch helps.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock says.
he was famous. That was the worst bit. Sherlock had done something incredible, and now his picture lit up every television screen and his face was plastered on every newspaper. John didn’t care about any of that. He was only interested in the very handsome and sharp witted man approximately six inches in front of his face. The famous bit was actually putting quite a damper on things.
"I won't let you.  I'd lock you in this room forever," Sherlock says.  John laughs a little.
John coughed into his fist to hide a laugh. Arthur turned bright red and left the shop immediately.
“You won’t be able to tell Mary,” Sherlock says.  His voice sounds mechanical.
“Is anything about my life real?  I can’t tell what’s real anymore.”
“Beauty is a social construct based entirely on childhood impressions, influences, and role models.”
"But she came out of your bedroom..." John says.  "And in the bathroom?"
“Oh, thanks.”
he thinks to himself, lying on the floor, neck red, sweating.
“Yes.  Does that bother
John tried to keep his face neutral, but he was wildly intrigued. He couldn’t imagine anything about Sherlock’s life being any less than perfect.
John wonders if he could care for this man more than he already does.
Now, however, he lets the idea wash over him.  He enters his mind palace easily and lets the fantasy unfold.
“I know it’s fine,” Sherlock says, but looks at John anyway.
John does not sleep his first night in the flat.  It seems too quiet, though he can hear the entire city moving around him, not stopping and not quiet at all.  Sleeping doesn’t do him much good anyway anymore.  He goes shopping the next day, and is almost confused by all of the produce just sitting out.  He hasn’t seen this much fresh food in one place since India, and it’s been awhile.  Ages.  He ends up buying tea, a loaf of bread, some fruit, and then giving up and buying frozen meals because he knows he won’t cook at all.  Somewhere deeper inside he knows he won’t eat either, but he has to pretend; even for himself.  Limping around the store is just as embarrassing as he thought it would be.  He’s thirty-five walking around with a cane, it’s ridiculous.
He wipes at his eyes.  He would be embarrassed but he doesn’t particularly care.
Sherlock presses his hand to John’s side to try to stop the bleeding.
Sherlock looks sad, is the worst part of it.  John realizes some part of Sherlock has always been sad, since the day they met, and it has mirrored his own sadness in full.
“You know very well who. Why else would you be here? I’ve been getting his messages you know.”
“Do you want to stay here?” John asks, voice still barely audible. His heart is pounding.
John huffs out a laugh.
John wakes up on the sofa, the Union Jack pillow tucked under his arms. He runs a hand over his face.
It had been a quiet and eventless day for all intents and purposes.
Sherlock points to the window.
The worst part was, John knew he still loved Sherlock, just as he’d known he always would.  But there was no path that could be taken to arrive at that destination, a place where Sherlock would love him back.  He had always known he’d love Sherlock forever anyway, whether alive or dead, it made no difference.
John showers, and he picks the outfit he wore the night of the pool, when they agreed to die together.  The color is bright and warm.  He looks in the mirror and realizes he looks good.
The patient’s red hair is in her mouth, sticking to her face.
“She probably thinks you’ve brought someone home,” Sherlock says, running a hand through his hair.
left months ago. But when John reads it, he knows that can’t be right. John’s hand shakes hard as he holds the note in his right hand, the left clenching and unclenching at his side. John huffs out a breath and blinks rapidly.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John says, shuffling his feet.
“I can’t stay here.  I know you’re right but I am so afraid to leave it.  I can’t go back to how it was before him.  I love him so much and I’m so afraid it will never stop.  I don’t want it to,” John says, and it almost sounds like a question.
“Say nine?”
The third floor is just John.  This room, Sherlock does not enter often (because it hurts to).  He does have to sometimes though.  When he needs to be calmed, he goes there.  Mary blocked it off once, but just the once.
“What is it you think I was going to say?” Sherlock asks, keeping his voice as emotionless as possible.  If it all goes wrong he’ll want to be able to deny.
John runs a hand through Sherlock’s hair.
“Well, good.”
Sherlock wraps his arms around John’s thigh and simply holds it with his face pressed against John’s jeans, unsure how to recover.
“Good shot,” Sherlock tells him.
Sherlock has been through cycles of rehab. Endless cycles.  He is certain there are certain aspects of the addict in him that will never go away.  He’ll always crave some kind of high, he’s come to terms with this.  It’s just how he plays it out.  How he puts that energy to use.
“In what way then?” Sherlock asks.  He looks so hesitant to continue.
She has killed over two hundred people.
John finds himself in a small hole in the wall pub.  He has three pints and one shot.  He finds himself texting Sherlock, unable to stop himself.
In another universe, John sits down on the tarmac and lets himself go.
“Even if that were somehow, even remotely true, you could, you know, fake using.  But no you’re actually willingly shooting up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What are you kidding?  After all the times I woke up screaming in the middle of the night?”
“What do you think of the case John?” Mycroft asked, and John coughed into his fist. He knew absolutely nothing of what was going on.
“I didn’t know that you were interested in men,” Sherlock says, looking at John and the television at the same time.  His hands are pressed together; a dead giveaway.
“That was wrong of me, what I did to you last night.  I’m so sorry.”
“There’s something I have to do,” he says, trailing off.
The nearly giggle-like laughter came out too quickly, and he would have been embarrassed if he had bothered to care.
John calls an ambulance for the drug dealer.
“You’d do it if we sent someone to London to find Doctor Watson.  Tell me, did you fuck him or did he fuck you?  I’ll never understand that shit, fucking faggots.”
“Hi. Could I have your autograph?”
Without looking up he clears his throat.
John tries again.  Still nothing.
John does end up getting a bit more light-headed than he had anticipated, which gives him a little encouragement.  Sherlock is on the other side of the bar, people watching, taking in data, whatever that giant brain of his normally does, and John is putting shots into both of their beers, taking a few extra himself.  It certainly isn’t any worse than Sherlock drugging him, and he just wants him to relax.  He’s been obsessively planning a wedding, he could have a drink.
Sherlock has texted him three times today.   John still isn’t used to it.  It’s been a month since Sherlock came back and John knows he’s alive but he’s still surprised when Sherlock contacts him, when he finds himself at Baker St. again, about to attempt to help solve a case.
A month and a half later, walking under another dreary London sky, he hears the three words he really doesn’t want to hear coming out of anyone’s mouth.
After the girl screams her head off in Sherlock’s presence, the next time John sees Sherlock, one of the hit squad is shot dead and Sherlock is standing over him, completely confused and overwhelmed.
At first Sherlock thinks it is silent and John is asleep but when he hears the noise coming from John, his heart stops.
just go up and have tea you know, that’s an option too.”  She scrunches her nose and smiles, the face that’s been entering his dreams on and off.
John doesn’t care really, doesn’t mind the comparison.  He’d just like for Sherlock to live.
Jim Moriarty x
Sherlock holds up Mary’s mobile phone.  John feels his head tilt to the right, can feel his eyebrows furrowing, his fingers starting to drum against the chair.
“Sorry.”
It’s late, and John yawns.  He brings Sherlock’s hand to his mouth and kisses his knuckles lightly.
“Come on, let’s get out of here.  I think we’ve done enough damage.”
John never asks to read them, perhaps doesn’t want to know what she’s saying.  Sherlock never replies, and John doesn’t know what that’s supposed to mean, coming from Sherlock.
She gives him a confused and drunken look and Sherlock beams up at her.  She turns around and he turns back to John, and starts laughing uncontrollably.  John is cackling into the back of his hand.  It’s all so very silly.
“Nothing, sorry.  I didn’t really sleep last night.”
He falls asleep.
Phillip clapped his hands together and then went into his bedroom only to return wearing a shirt for a band John had never had never heard of. “So what do you think?”
It’s frightening how he says
Plus, he had to ask Sherlock a rather hilarious question, given the circumstances.
He didn’t sign it, but it’s obviously him. It’s his handwriting. John drops the shopping and the oranges roll out of the bag. Part of John wants to rip the postcard in half. The other half wants to cry, just a little. Sherlock is in America. Or was, just a few days ago. John imagines Sherlock with all of his hair cut off, no longer in any of his silk button ups or suit jackets. Just wearing t-shirts. It’s getting into summer now. He can see Sherlock in raggedy thin t-shirts and jeans, trying to blend it. Maybe even wearing ball caps and sunglasses. The image is both funny and enticing. John stands out on the steps, staring at the postcard, for how long he isn’t sure. When he comes out of it, John feels vaguely ill. Like he might faint. Which is very stupid. He knows Sherlock is alive, it isn’t like he forgot. But just the reminder. A physical proof of his existence. It’s throwing John off kilter.
On the train back to his flat, John rubs at his shoulder, the one that took his surgeon’s hands from him, sore.  It’s been raining a lot in London this summer, the weather damp and humid.  He looks around the train, only two stops to go before his own, and clears his throat.  His eyes widen at the sight of a face he hasn’t seen in ages.  Molly Hooper, wearing a powder blue sweater, hair clipped up, reading a book.  He can’t help but smile, while simultaneously hoping that she doesn’t see him.  Molly Hooper is just fine, but he also knows they’d have nothing to talk about, aside from the one thing he Does Not want to talk about.
John leans forward on his knees. He folds his hands in front of him and licks his lips.
He’s already drunk, has been for roughly an hour.  He holds a glass of scotch in his hand.  It’s three in the afternoon.
John walked over to Sherlock, and gripped his jaw in his hand.
“I’m not,” John says matter-of-factly.
Later, while in the shower, John realized he wasn’t angry so much as disgusted, and very sad.  He left himself cry in the shower for a bit, then dried off and went straight to sleep, without Ellis for the first time in over a month.
Mary takes his hand in hers and squeezes.  John nods once, then looks to her.  He’s been looking to her for guidance a lot lately, it feels like.  She has saved him in many ways, which is why the small box is burning a hole in the breast pocket of his jacket.  He nearly just wants to get it over with, because he can’t lose anyone else, certainly not her, the woman who put him back together.
John can’t breathe.  It’s too much.
He used to stay awake for days at a time and now he keeps normal hours.  John isn’t sure if this is Sherlock trying to show that he can behave or if his manner has changed much more than John had realized.
"Of course.  You can ask me anything."
“It’s um. It’s my sister Harriett’s birthday tonight. But, I’m sure I can get out of it.”
“We wouldn’t do that, would we?  We would NEVER do that to John Watson,” Sherlock calls to Sholto through the door.  John is thankful he can’t see Sherlock’s face.
“It doesn’t matter.  I know you didn’t mean it.”
“Oh, John,” a voice behind him says. “Have you come for me too?”
“I know so much of you, and yet sometimes I can’t tell what you’re like.  I know that you’re harsh, and quick, and fantastic.  I know you’re very kind when you want to be.  I know you can be sometimes incredibly cruel.  I also know that you feel everything very much.”
“So she’s alive.  How are we feeling about that?”
“Have you been waiting all week for me to kiss you?” John asks, voice rough, hand trailing up Sherlock’s thigh.
“Well, objectively, it is.”
“Perhaps I could help?” John offered. Sherlock beamed at John, then handed over the file.
In the end, John is left standing in the middle of the room, dazed.  He swallows hard.
“Hey Mrs. H.”
“I can’t do this with you. Besides, this is a perfect scenario for you. Everyone will say ‘Ah, brilliant, you’re the bloke who slept with that dodgy detective. Well done you!’”
It took him a moment.  A breath or two.  But there was plenty of time in Sherlock’s head.  He had thought about it too much.  No, best not to say it.  Why should he say it?  So that John could know and then never see him again?  Wouldn’t that just pain him more?  No.  Best not to say it.  “Sherlock is actually a girl’s name.”
“We should sit down,” he tells Sherlock.  Sherlock nods.
“Good.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock says.
John nodded. “Right. If this Watson person had realized that he had been a daft prick, and he begged you to reconsider, you would in fact then…reconsider?”
John’s fourth night at Baker Street swings him into soldier mode, and it feels effortless.
John cleared his throat as he approached the thief. He crossed his arms and leaned against the doorway.
Luckily, upon impact, no bones jutted out from any limbs. Though his right arm certainly did not work properly. John began to cry, and his mother came bolting out of the house, newspaper still in hand.
“I don’t mind,” John says, shrugging, throwing his arms up in the air.
John laughs. Sherlock gives him a thin lipped smile.
John grins.  She looks adorable, is wonderful, and his chest sort of hurts, the familiar kind that he had tried to live with.
"Hey, I'd let you in, but, well," John said, gesturing towards his door. Sherlock smiled and nodded, clearly not wanting to have to interact heavily with the lunatic that was John's flatmate. "Thank you for coming again."
“Sherlock?  I know you don’t mean it that way but it is sort of not good to laugh when someone tells you that.”
John scoffs and shakes his head.
“Well, you could always ask your brother to loan you some money?” Stamford suggests, trying to be helpful.
Over the next two days, Sherlock allows John more than John ever thought he would get.  John holds his hand inside of cabs and at Bart’s, causing Molly to give a surprised look but to not say anything.  John kisses Sherlock’s forehead before heading to bed, and tells him he loves him while doing so.
"A bit not good, Sherlock."
Then he remembers Sherlock should have been gone and away from him three different times and each time he came back.  That has to mean something.
“Oh. Well. That does make me feel a bit better.”
John feels almost domestic at times, and loathes himself for it, because he can feel his heart being detached more and more and falling onto the floor in Sherlock’s direction.  He tries to be angry like a normal person when Sherlock wakes him up to a flashlight directly in his eyes (not a nice way to wake up a war veteran Thank You Very Much) but isn’t, only laughs about it as he’s putting on his shoes.  He also feels that he must be more than transparent in his feelings.  If Sherlock could tell that his laptop password is “Von1950” (a collaboration of one of his favorite authors and his mother’s birth year (with no Kurt Vonnegut books in the house, mind you)) then he can surely tell that John is beginning to have feelings for him, in the way that he styles his hair or the dust on his shoes, or maybe the more obvious way in which John will place food in front of him after Sherlock has said he isn’t hungry or the way John watches Sherlock when he plays the violin.
“I don’t think that’s wise,” Sherlock says.  John shakes his head.
“I know you can, but I
John was the drug now.
“Give my love to Mary,” Sherlock says, gloved hands raised above his head.
“You’re a madman.”
John can’t believe his thoughts, but then again, of course they were of how in love with Sherlock he is.  And he’s engaged.  It’s awful.  He hates himself but it can’t be helped.
“I managed it,” John says, nodding.
“What.  Did. I. Say?”
“Obviously,” John parrots back, and slumps into his own chair. Why is this so hard?
John rises from the bed.  He’s going to do this right.
“Thank you so much,” he said, then dashed out of the hotel and back into Greg’s car.
Standing on the top of Bart’s hospital, is the love of his life, and he’s lying to him, over and over.
Sherlock has fixed his hair a total of seven times since putting on his suit jacket, and he’s buttoned and unbuttoned the damn thing at least five.  John looks over in the mirror and sees Sherlock’s reflection watching him.  John gives a stiff smile then nods.  Sherlock does the same but looks away as he smiles, finally doing the buttons up for the last time.
He’d learned long ago that while John held tightly to some idiotic masculine tendencies, he was fine with men in relationships together.  Sherlock knew that John wasn’t straight.  He knew John had probably slept with men before.  The thought made him ache in his gut but he was fairly certain it was true.
And Sherlock is done with words then, as they are all failing him.  He can’t seem to understand anything, so as always, he looks to John to know what to do.  The problem is, John doesn’t seem to know what to do either.  He is staring at Sherlock so intently it’s almost frightening but, it’s what Sherlock has always wanted, really.  John slides a hand up to cup Sherlock’s face.
__________
John sighed and then rubbed his hands together, thinking
“Well come over here, you.  Want me to pop in a movie?”
“Well you can tell me all you want I’m not deaf,” Sherlock says, rolling his eyes.
Each day that went by, Sherlock slowly forgot about Magnussen.  He knew very well that he couldn’t, but it was happening anyway.  It was happening every time John kissed him, put his hands in his hair, held him down and ground down against him.  Sherlock was forgetting everything except how his name sounded falling out of John’s mouth.  He let John do whatever he wanted to him, it gave him a sick pleasure unlike any of the needles he’d pushed into his skin.  He would have stayed sober most of his life if he’d known John would be waiting for him at the end of every day.
The man’s a junkie.  Right.  Well, previously.  Another life.  It doesn’t seem possible but the look he’s given says it all.  Well.  Right.
“What is it?”
“I know. I knew it was all just…a fantasy. That’s all it could have been. But still. It was nice.”
“Yes of course they’re toes.”
John’s wife, whose little brother Sherlock had killed in Russia three years previous, one Sebastian Moran.
Sherlock is unmoving, eyes wide, bulging and dark.
“Connections…you know,” Sherlock replies as he smiles back, the somewhat wicked grin that John can recognize so easily as his heart.
“Just about to check.” John rolled up his sleeves and then began to do the math. He scrunched up his nose as he looked at the numbers. “We’re down this month,” he said, frowning at the calculations.
“Yes.”
“Mike, could I borrow your phone?”  A new voice asks.  John looks up and sees the source, a man looking into a microscope.
“How long have you been standing out here?”
Sherlock breaks out into a grin. The smile takes up his whole face and it’s magnificent.
Sherlock looks so small as he says this, barely keeping his eyes open, his mouth hanging open after he speaks, as if he’s going to say something else.  He looks at John as if expecting something.
Once Sherlock walked out, John picked up the painting and took it into the back office. He unwrapped it carefully and lost his breath when he saw what it was. It was La Mariee by Chagall. John knew it was the original. There wasn’t a doubt in his mind.
John sits down with the paper, smiling a little at the mannequin hanging from a rope.  Sherlock’s phone dings again; stubborn git. It’s ridiculous really, how thinking of such an arrogant arsehole of a man make John feel like he’s dying slowly, but in the good way.  Not feeling very stubborn at all, John makes his way over to Sherlock’s phone and picks it up.
“What’s going on?” John asks Mycroft.
Sherlock turns his head slowly, and thrusts his wrists out for John to see.
Sherlock rips off the Semtex with such vigor, and John finally collapses into a heap. Sherlock is crazed, blinking rapidly, eyes wide and pacing.
John would tell him to get a haircut but then run his fingers through the curls as they kiss.  John must be a wonderful kisser.
__________
Sebastian Moran had been the one who had his sniper rifle pointed at John the day Sherlock died.  This one is special.  He is the best sniper in continent and one of Moriarty’s most important men.
“I mean, I just…I have known you for over a year now. I’ve come to think of you as a son. I think you hang the moon, and I just want you to be happy. So I stole that little piece of paper out of the bin this morning, and I called the number.”
“I got distracted.  I saw that he had hurt you.”
“He released…photos of me. Photos of me using. Photos of me in crack dens. Photos of me on the street. There are….so many and it also appears that someone at some point filmed me. Putting a…needle into my arm. So essentially. My reputation and my career are ruined. No one is ever going to take me seriously. And he’s just out there. He’s out and there’s nothing I can do about it. I’m sorry to come here. I didn’t know where to go. The hotel is surrounded, my home is surrounded, and the idea of facing my brother right now. I mean, he’s always known. He’s put me into rehab more times than I can count but. He’s always so sad. Junkie little brother. So. I’m here. I know it’s been months John.”
Sherlock leaves, then comes back again, hands John the pills, the juice, hands steady.
“But you didn’t know when.”
“You should be. Addiction is an ugly thing.  It’s impressive.”
__________
“Good night,” John says, and then turns away from her, and heads home. He doesn’t look back. He feels so guilty for so many things.
“Yes, well,” John says back.  It isn’t really a reply.
“Any time,” he replies.
“Oh bloody hell,” one of the men said, dropping his fork onto the table. “Uh, real sorry--” he began, but Sherlock cut him off.
“Ha,” John said. “No. My friends made me go on too many dates as of late. They’ve all been quite terrible.”
“Hi,” John says as he turns to face Sherlock.  Today he’s wearing the oatmeal colored sweater.  Sherlock hates it and loves it at the same time.  It doesn’t frame John’s figure well but it has always looked like it was warm, secure, undeniably a thing to curl up against and feel comfort emanate from one’s self.
He glances to his right and glares at the name glowing on his phone.
Sherlock checks his phone.
“Interesting. I do, I do. It’s like that time I was trying to tell Greg that the killer was absolutely connected to that alien abduction in Doncaster. But of course he wouldn’t listen. Like it’s all right there in front of you, but nobody will listen!”
Two weeks previous, John had come back to Baker Street, numb. He had wanted to do something that would make him feel anything, but he hadn’t even been able to cry. He hadn’t been able to do that until he had gone to the grave. And then naturally he had gotten too drunk, and had written up a draft in his blog, a very embarrassing and very accurate thousand word essay about how in love with his flat mate he is. Reading it back once he was hung over and sober was quite tragic, but John hadn’t deleted it. He wasn’t ready to delete it. It was a testament to his love, and John was very much in love with flat mate. His tall, obnoxious, and beautiful flat mate. Who had most inconveniently jumped off a rooftop in front of John. It was cruel, but John hadn’t even had the chance to be angry, he had only gotten to feel emptiness and sadness before he had found the note, tucked neatly into the back of his dresser.
“Me too.”
Sherlock brings fucking cylinders to the pubs, to measure out exactly how much they’re drinking, to make sure they feel good all night but not enough so to get them actually drunk.  The only problem with this is that John wants to be drunk, not only because of the fact that he’s in love with his best friend, still, but because the idea of not getting truly drunk on his Stag Night seems awful.  And, to top it all off, not only has Sherlock picked specific spots where they’ve found bodies together (for him, this is Actually Sentimental), Sherlock didn’t invite anyone else, and John doesn’t mind at all.  It’s all more than a bit Not Good.
“What is?”
It would have been easier, if they’d just been shagging.  But John knew after the first night that it wasn’t.  Ellis had put so much care into fucking him, of course he did that in every other aspect of his interactions with John.  It did in fact, after a few weeks, turn into a relationship, though in John’s head he never allowed it to be called that.  They were just fucking.  Along with studying together, eating together, paying each other visits at work, going to parties together, spending nights together where they did not have sex, but would talk for hours and then fall asleep, holding each other.  On one of these nights, John nearly began to cry, because he knew exactly what was happening and wanted no part in the matter, remembering his sisters ugly retching and her worsening drinking habits.
“Were you watching me sleep?”  She asks
"Good at avoiding the question, you," John says, a smirk crossing his face.
“No.”
He walks lightly on his feet and makes his way into the bathroom.
Sometimes, John will brush the back of Sherlock’s neck and his fingers will touch his hair when he hands Sherlock his coffee in the morning.
“John!  John the game is…is something!”
“It’s really good to have you back Sherlock,” John says. His eyelids feel heavy. He rests his chin on his hand and leans forward.
Sherlock can’t believe it all happened so quickly.  But amazing.  It had been amazing.
was alive, out there somewhere, saving the world, and he hadn’t taken John with him. The utter bastard. Why hadn’t he taken John with him? Did he not think John was enough? Had he just wanted to be alone? But then, why would he leave the note?
“No, my bodyguard here is just a bit sensitive. See, unlike me, he has a temper. But really, go on and say what you really think about me.”
“I didn’t realize there was anything to discuss. The last time I saw him he made things pretty clear, and I haven’t spoken to him in months. I’m sorry I just. I don’t understand.”
“Hey,” John says as he sits down.  She smiles at him and puts her phone down.
“God, yes,” Sherlock groans, putting his head in his hands. “And a painkiller if you’ve got it. My head is pounding.” John laughs at that and heads to the kitchen. He brings back Sherlock a small pill bottle and a glass of water. Sherlock nods in thanks.
The man is taken into custody within an hour.
"Because you broke my fucking heart," John whispers, and buries his face in Sherlock's neck, unsure.  "I was a complete and utter mess without you.  I keep wondering what would have happened if you had come back and I hadn't met Mary and I was still a complete mess.  Because she patched me up, whoever the fuck she was, she put me back together," John admits.  He has to laugh just a bit because... "And then you put me back together.  After all of it.  You're everything."
It isn’t exactly a lie.  It’s as much of the truth as he can tell.  He does love Mary, and he does want to be with her.
“Sure. Why not?”
The man has dirty blond hair and dark blue eyes.  Alcoholism runs in the family and Sherlock feels a sympathy he doesn’t normally toward the man.  He knows all too well about addictions.  He’s sees that the limp is psychosomatic and he sees that the man knows that too, and yet can do nothing to prevent it.  The man has dark blue eyes and Sherlock immediately think he’s very handsome and then backtracks on himself,
“Great! Wonderful!” John said. Then he realized the date and wanted to throw himself out the nearest window.
John laughed, shaking his head in amazement.
would think about John showing it to his older brother. John can almost hear his voice, saying something like
Sherlock doesn’t look away from the road.
James smiles, nods.
They’re in the back of a cab.  It’s almost midnight.  Sherlock is wired, four cups of coffee down and incredibly close to solving the case.
John couldn’t help but notice the same brightness of his eyes though.  And the same sadness in them.
He finishes bandaging, trying not to let his hands linger.
“Give me five minutes?”
“I enlisted.  I’m leaving in June.”
“Or I’ll marry you.”
“Nothing,” John said, and let Sherlock take his hand and guide him back up to the bedroom.
Sherlock doesn’t have an answer.
__________
John has to admit: running around with Sherlock all the time, getting shot at, nearly dying three times a week, had been madness.  Despite how he had loved it terribly.
“We should play a game,” John says.
John puts his hand in Sherlock’s hair and then leans over and kisses him.
“Absolutely.”
“Friend,” Sherlock concludes.  John smiles a bit.  Does he really not know?
"I am.  Can I ask you a question now?"
__________
They kiss and they kiss and they kiss.
“Yeah,” Phillip agreed, and vigorously nodded his head at John’s statement.
“It doesn’t matter now,” John says.  “I’ve got you.”
It’s a ridiculous thought, as it isn’t possible in any way and for so many reasons.
It does not matter how often or how persistently he tells himself that the drinking will not solve anything.  He feels too much and it is mostly pain.
“I need things to be stable before I do anything.  Everyone at work thinks my wife is dead.  She didn’t exist in the first place.  I don’t know what’s real anymore.  I can’t tell.”
Unluckily, however, it’s almost as if she can feel his eyes on her and she looks up and around.  John looks away, but it doesn’t work well enough, and he can feel Molly’s eyes on him.  From the corner of his eye he sees her get up and walk down the train, feeling at the top handles all the way as the train makes a turn.
Reading it back in the morning was highly embarrassing but John doesn’t delete it.
John realizes that Sherlock is not in the room with him.  It’s happened to John before too.
“You haven’t the slightest idea why I’ve been so upset do you?” John asks.  He looks exhausted but composed, his mouth a hard line that Sherlock wants to kiss away.
“I love him,” he repeats to the walls, the sofa, the silent telly, the cold tea at his elbow.  “I’m in love with him.”
Sherlock drives the hour back to his hotel room and chugs two bottles of water.  There is no air conditioning.
“My…my fake girlfriend is here. You have to go.”
“I told you, I’m not--” Sherlock begins.
“But you have him now. Which is good.”
“My brother estimates six months.  He’s never wrong.”
“Right. Do you want anything before you go? Do you want a Coke? Or water? Tea? No, probably not tea.”
John sips his tea, and looks around him.
.  Stamford has no idea.
"What about her?"
“Yes?  All right?  God, I’m sorry, I know we’re both a bit drunk.  Should I stop?”
It’s snowing hard. John buttons up his coat and wraps a scarf around his neck. He locks the door behind him and looks out into the snowy morning. It’s all so white and bright. His jacket isn’t warm enough, but he moves towards the road anyway. And then he looks to his left.
“What is it?” Mary asks.
John reveals his bomb strapped chest.
“Ish.”
“At him, he never replies.”
“Yes!”
“Uhm. Yes. It’s true but it’s really. It’s...” John had never wanted to hide his sexual past so much until this very moment. He was at a total loss.
Over the last few weeks, they do many of the same things.  They get takeaway and eat it on the sofa with all the lights off, only the telly emitting light.  They also put the takeaway down and Sherlock ends up curled into John like a cat.
“It’s nothing, it’s fine,” Sherlock says in a hushed tone, still refusing to look at John.
John reaches into his jacket pocket and pulls out the small box he’d been meaning to give to Mary much earlier in the night.
John found himself pulled out to social gatherings by Greg, Molly, Harry, and Mrs. Hudson. All of them tried in vain to cheer him up. He went out flower shopping for the book store with Mrs. Hudson and he gave medical opinions to Molly over lunch. Eventually they all came together and formed a sort of intervention. They took John out for dinner, and John found himself under Greg’s stern gaze.
“You’re back,” John says, voice quiet. He’s been telling himself for months that as soon as Sherlock got back he’d kiss him, damn any consequences. But now he feels nervous. Too nervous. Sherlock has snow in his eyelashes too. He’s more beautiful than John remembered. Of course.
, John thought.  He hadn’t gotten much sleep the past few days.  But then he thought,
John wants to do everything with Sherlock, but he doesn’t want to push him.  Doesn’t want to scare him away, or go too quickly.  He would have waited the full two years, and much longer, if he’d known at all that Sherlock was alive in the first place.
“Three.”
__________
Molly turned to Sherlock then, and John realized he really should have warned her. Molly knew all about Sherlock from Greg’s own stories as well as the news. At least Greg had worked with him on several occasions now. Molly was having a mild stroke upon realizing the detective was in her home.
Sherlock keeled over, unable to breathe properly for a full minute. John tried to remain stern and annoyed that he was in fact being laughed at, but ended up laughing in the end. Sherlock’s laughter was absolutely contagious.
“It was dizzyingly painful. Then I got very cold.”
Sherlock plans everything, including the Stag Night.
“Because I’m going to tell you something.”
“But I want to help him. If he’s in danger I want to help.”
“Go back to sleep,” John tells Sherlock.
“I didn’t say I…don’t like boys. I just said. I’ve got a girlfriend,” John replied. The words came out easily after several beers and adrenaline pumping, were coming out easy as this boy looked at him like he understood.
“I’m so sorry about the….’can’t believe it’s you’ bit. It was all a bit…odd.”
“Listen to me,” Sherlock says.  “She worked for Moriarty, and we’re going to take her out.  And save your child.”
The wedding is beautiful; save for two things Sherlock does that make John want to die.
John can feel himself being displayed, laid out completely and it is intensely uncomfortable, more so than getting shot.  He wants nothing more than for Jim Moriarty to shut up, please, God, so that he can let Sherlock know, but on his own.  Done the right way.  He so wants to do things the right way, this time, for him.
John shakes his head and laughs himself, and he covers his mouth with the back of his hand.  He looks gorgeous.  His eyes are shining and his smile is lovely.  Sherlock shoves down the pang in his chest.  He doesn’t want to already be feeling this, it’s absurd.  He does his best flirtatious voice, from what he can recall.  He hasn’t had a genuine relationship in years but he has faked flirting to get what he wants.  He’s done that plenty.
When he gets back to Baker Street he feels like a drowned rat.  He leaves puddles of water on the stairs and hardly even acknowledges it.  He can’t help it.  He walks through the door and John is at the desk, typing away.  Being beautiful in a hideous sweater.  He is only wearing socks.  John had lit the fire and as Sherlock takes in the scene he realizes how lucky he is.  To have someone waiting for him at home.  Even if it isn’t necessarily in the way he wants John to be waiting.  Or maybe it is, given the look.
They’ve torn his back apart.  Serbia has been unmerciful, and he never expected them to be.
“Doctor Watson, please, I know you’re a good man…don’t…don’t hurt me,” he sputters at John.  He feels sick.
“Why are you saying this?” John begs.
“I have one last thing to give you,” Harry said, blowing smoke into the brand new flat.  John knew he should have been annoyed by it, but he can’t bring himself to care about much.
“Sherlock, we have to get you up to bed,” John says.
“I can’t take this, it’s a gift Harry.  From your very charming, lovely wife.  No, that’s alright.  I’ll get myself a new one.”
“That painting…it isn’t the original is it?” Molly asked. She pushed her hair back off her face, her ponytail coming loose after a long day at the morgue.
She sits down across from John, crosses her legs, and then raises her eyebrows.
He isn’t sure who he is.  The world has been turned upside down and inside out one too many times.  His own hands don’t particularly feel real or attached to him.
“John you should know. There’s something I meant to say always and then never have.”
Sholto before the accident was impossible.  John tried very hard not to look him in the eye often.  He knew exactly how much trouble he’d be in if anything ever happened, which it never would in the first place, because this was James Sholto, John Watson’s Commanding Officer.  Each time John was called into his Commanding Officer’s tent to speak with him he thought he’d actually die.  Every time his Commanding Officer told him he’d done well John would look down, laugh a bit, say thank you.  Entirely un-soldierly, not One Bit Soldier Like Thank You Very Much but he was never questioned about it, and he counted it a small miracle.
One of the other men, clearly far too drunk to be in public any longer spoke up.
“Yes, of course.”
Sherlock unwraps the box precariously, as if afraid to rip the paper too forcefully.  When he opens it he inspects it.  Sherlock holds the bow lightly in his hands.
Sherlock is very close to John on the sofa. John can see the blue of the veins in his wrists. It’s beautiful. John thinks of kissing it. All the times he wanted to previously come back. Will he be able to survive like this? John looks back up at Sherlock’s face. His mouth is slightly open and he’s looking at John’s mouth. John swallows hard on his fear and nods.
“Sherlock. Please sit with me.”
“Harry, want to go outside?” John asked. Tree climbing was one of his favourite activities, the New Romantics were not precisely stimulating for the seven year old.
“You’re right, he is dead.  She used this as a distraction.  She used it as a means of escape.  I don’t know where she is, but she’s gone.”
There are a total of seventeen scenarios, but Sherlock has three favorites.
“It isn’t so bad,” John replies.
Sherlock is looking at him now, face serious.
“Yes you have, you’ve gone away.”
“I love you,” Sherlock says before drifting into unconsciousness.
“How are you, haven’t seen you in a spell!” Stamford says, overly friendly.  Sherlock suppresses an eye roll.  He likes Stamford just fine, but he’s really not in the mood.  He’d had to drag himself out of the flat today.
“And how is the baby?”
“I’m afraid I’ll wake up and you’ll be gone. Or I’ll have made it all up.”
“So have you got a boyfriend?”
“Yeah, fine,” John said, and does his best to laugh it off.
Sherlock is quiet for a moment.  He looks away from John and then tips his head back, letting it rest on the back of the sofa, and blinks rapidly a few times.  He takes deep breaths that come out fluttering.
“Thank you Anderson!” John called, and Phillip waved back.
__________
“Yes.  If it’s turning into something of a future, then I won’t lie to you.”
John listened to Sherlock go over the case. Moriarty had apparently had a vendetta on Sherlock since he was twelve and was now set on trying to destroy him in every way possible.
John takes a drink for every time he had hidden his love away.  He takes one last long drag on the bottle before he can’t remember anything else, one last drag for what he’s doing currently.
“Yes, I am.  Unattached, that is,” Sherlock replies.
John laughs bitterly.
“Hey. Sorry to sneak up like this. Your brother, he actually told me you would be here. I hope this is all right.”
“You’re worried they’re right.”
“I would say so, yeah.”
“So you’re saying that I…I’m your best…”
“I don’t think so, do you?”
“Why not?” Sherlock looks earnestly baffled, like he hadn’t noticed that John hadn’t even been on a date the last four months they knew each other.
“Her name is Amelia.”
“You were doing so well Sherlock, almost a whole week,” John says, taking a bite of Lo Mein.
“Yes alright,” Sherlock says, not taking his eyes away from his paper.
“WATSON YOU’RE A GIT!” She screeched into his ears.
John’s eyes take on a look that is darker than before.  He looks…hungry.   It’s fascinating.
Everyone looked at him blankly. No one moved to speak. Not even Molly, who was always the voice of reason. Harriett’s cigarette in between her fingers as her mouth fell open in shock, the smoke filling John’s apartment. Phillip fully had his face in his hands. Greg had his lips pressed together in a hard line, as if he were willing himself not to speak.
“Time’s up I’m afraid,” the blond woman said, coming through the door. “Mr. Holmes, you’ve got your next meeting waiting.” The woman left briefly, and in this moment, John acted, as he assumed he would never get the chance again.
“Are you an accredited member of the press?” the receptionist asked.
“John,” she says, so quiet it’s nearly just a breath against his lips.   He leans back in to kiss her mouth, and she kisses back, opening her mouth for him, just as the kettle begins to shriek.
“Jesus, you know it’s been months since I’ve done this.”  His words are a bit garbled from his toothbrush but Sherlock gets the gist.
“That…is very true,” John mutters under his breath.
John learns about all of Sherlock’s abstract irrationalities quickly, unhappily, and without regret.
“Are you okay?” John asks softly.  He rubs his nose into Sherlock’s cheek.
__________
“It’s healing well,” John says.  He takes ointment on his hands and puts it on the wound.  Sherlock recoils at first and then manages.
John feels his body go numb but his heart just hurts like it did two years ago, like it’s happening all over again.
“Do you want to?” Sherlock asks.
to those of you who stuck with this for so long: i appreciate you so much.  just knowing anyone bothered to read this all the way through, let alone stuck with it for so long is honestly astounding to me.
John sits in his chair, holding the note in both of his hands, turning the small piece of paper over and over. The tea at his elbow has gotten cold.
“Well?” Molly asked.
There’s a woman in the room now, black hair and a nurse’s uniform.  Nurses.  Mary is a nurse.  John begins to feel somewhat ill, and only partially from the alcohol.
Playing on drum sets wearing animal masks in the corners of childhood vision.
In no time at all, Sherlock has gone from completely fine to willing to brawl with anyone who crosses his path.  He starts arguing with a man about tobacco ash and John has to physically pull him away.  It’s a feat, considering how drunk John has gotten in the last thirty minutes.  John decides it’s time to call a cab and go back to Baker St.
The plane turned around, in a swift and steady movement.  Sherlock put his head in his hands again.  He laughed to himself.  Thank God he hadn’t said it.  The three words.  Here was the universe again, giving him John Watson.
__________
John crossed his arms, sighed, and did the unthinkable. It was not what he wanted to do, but it was what he felt he had to do. After all, he had spent the better part of a year pining after a man who he had spent one night with. One absolutely wonderful night with, but logically, it had just been the one night.
“How could I not look at it?” John’s eyes turned to Sherlock’s, a hard and desperate glare pouring out of them.
“Yeah?  Since when?” John asks.  It’s meant to be a joke.
John takes Sherlock’s hand.  It’s cold and he hates it.  It reminds him too much of James lying in a hospital bed.
Sherlock makes a needy noise in the back of his throat and John laughs just a bit.
“Yeah, but then are you going to see him again?”
“I think he’s outside in the garden,” John had said, brushing pencil shavings off his paper, creating smudges across the words.
“Yeah well he’s not here is he?” John says, taking a sip of scotch, trying not to sound too bitter.
John has always been beautiful.  When he walks, he’s confident, he takes up whole rooms with the light he emits.  His confidence is staggering and God, if he isn’t handsome, the sly smirks, the dark blue eyes, and
Oh God.
“No, DON’T!” shrieks Sherlock, who has put a hand out and whose eyes have blown up out of his skull.  John clears his throat, and sits up, cupping the little insect.  It makes a louder humming sound but doesn’t sting him.
He always knew the other half would never happen.  He liked to dream though.
“Why would you ask me that?” John whispers. He can’t quite get his voice to rise to a normal volume. His fists clench.
John sent Sherlock upstairs and laid out extra clothes and a towel for him. All of John’s clothes would be too small for Sherlock but he managed to find some of his larger sleeping shirts and a pair of sweatpants that would probably land at Sherlock’s ankles. While Sherlock ran a bath, Phillip came into the flat, holding the newspaper out.
Sherlock sits down next to him after a while, placing his violin next to the chair.
“Yeah, well, you too,” John replies.
“I think it was my brother actually,” Sherlock said. “I think he was giving Moriarty information on me so that he would talk and give Mycroft information that he needed. I decided it’s not worth being angry at him. He has his methods and I have mine.”
later.
“I love you,” John says.  He is surprised by how calm and smooth his voice is.  “Of course, I’m in love with you.  I always have been.”
“Are you hungry?” Sherlock asks.  He stays near the door, as if afraid to move freely in his own flat.
“In the dark?” John asks, his eyebrows furrowing together.
“Anything interesting today?”
Sherlock realizes he’s been staring.
Sherlock sighs and then holds his breath and downs the whiskey.  It burns and when he finishes he shakes his head and sticks his tongue out.  John laughs.
“I’ve already read it,” Sherlock says.  He sips his wine.
“What?” Sherlock asks.  He looks flustered and exhausted.
Sherlock fucked him on the floor, in the midst of all the shopping.  They didn’t get all of their clothes off, Sherlock only tore at John’s clothing, holding John down underneath him as he slipped inside, and with each thrust he heard John moan, which only egged him on farther.
“Sure. I didn’t hear you say whoopsie daisies like a small girl at all.”
John tugs his shirt off and lets Sherlock’s hand continue to wander.  It finds John’s scar on his shoulder, and traces patterns inside of the raised skin.  Sherlock’s mouth comes down onto the scar suddenly and John can’t help but gasp.
“Dammit, Sherlock,” John says. He stretches, gets up from his seat, and leaves.
“I can’t live like this anymore,” John says out loud to the dripping sink, the beige slippers, the dust on the mantel.
They both undress fully, and John happily crawls down the bed, kissing every part of Sherlock as he does so.  He kisses the inside of his thighs for the longest time until Sherlock has given up, nearly incoherent.
John misses him. He misses him so much. It’s only been two weeks but Christ, does he miss him. There’s no way to know when he’ll be back, but this is at least a small mercy, knowing that he isn’t dead. It’s a comfort and a frustration to know that the Gangly Nightmare is wandering the world, off having some sort of grand adventure, and John is here alone in Baker Street. John looks at the tea cup with the cold tea. He wants to throw the tea cup at the wall. He doesn’t. Instead, he gets up and dumps the tea down the drain.
__________
John sighs and rests his arms on the back of the sofa. The telly hums low and Sherlock is sitting beside him. They’d ordered carryout earlier, had tea Mrs. Hudson had brought up after she had calmed down. She had looked at the two of them and tutted, smiled, and clicked on her heels away. She had even closed the door. She had always known, even if they hadn’t been before. Sherlock lies down on his back and some of his hair falls onto John’s thighs. John runs his fingers through the soft curls and hums contentedly. Sherlock grunts low as he shifts and places his head fully into John’s lap. John smiles and places a palm on the side of Sherlock’s face.
__________
Sherlock manages to stop laughing but he can’t seem to stop crying.
He is going to do what he should have done every night after the pool.
John pointedly doesn’t look at Sherlock as he works, keeps his eyes fixed on the task at hand.
“No,” John said. “I didn’t think you would be like…anything. You’re not just someone’s fantasy Sherlock. You’re more brilliant now than you’ve ever been.”
John is sleeping beside him.  He looks beautiful.  He has one arm over his head on the pillow.  His shoulder scar is visible and Sherlock wants to kiss it but shows an incredible amount of restraint by not doing so.  John isn’t even awake, after all.
“Ah yes, you there in the brown jacket,” the mediator said, pointing towards John, and John couldn’t believe his luck.
“Any…girlfriends,” John asks, moving his pasta around with his fork.
__________
It’s strange to stare into the bullet wound, to see the impact.  To see the damage that Mary has done physically.  John takes the gauze and tape and patches the wound.  Then he moves to wrap the bandage around Sherlock’s torso.
“I must be.”
