‘Dean go get Gabriel’ Sam yelled inside his head, Dean shook his snout, giving a last glance to Cas who now had his eyes on him.
Castiel lays on his stomach pushing his ass in the air for Dean. He heard the green-eyed man growl and seconds later his jeans and boxers were thrown somewhere in the room in supernatural speed.
“There’s a lot to talk about, but one thing is for sure, I’m not letting you go ever again, you’re mine…mate.” Dean grinned leaning to brush his lips to Castiel’s lips.
He didn't regret anything. Everything happened for a reason. He knew Dean was a lot more than what he showed, he practically raised Sam as their parents were dead, never arguing and never depriving away anything from his baby brother.
"That's the plan." Castiel's fingers furrowed gently through his hair, tugging softly at the strands then smoothing them down under his palm. Before Dean could even close his eyes at the soft gesture, the king's eyes flicked down to the needy bulge in his tunic.
Dean was gazing at him almost all night, licking his lips—and okay, maybe he was eye-fucking him, Cas blushed like a 14-year-old teen.
Dean shuffled forward until he was in Castiel's arms again and lined up the head of his cock. Dean's hands settled on his open palms, lacing their fingers together. Dean then started to push inside slowly, and
The thing was Cas wasn't Cas without risky decisions, even though they might destroy him. Also, he couldn't help but not to bunder under Dean's gorgeous and puppy-like gaze.
, his cock, and generally everything that has to do with him. Castiel hasn’t had sex or a date ever since Dean left. He didn’t think someone could ever be worthy as the Alpha was.
When the wild animal drifted into a more heavy sleep, He covered him with the woolen blanket, Cas checked on the wolf throughout the day, sitting nearby with his tea and offering him water and food whenever his eyes blinked open.
Dean froze then arched up with a soft hitch of breath and flooded Castiel's mouth with come. He sucked him through it, pushing it to the edge of overstimulation before he backed off, sliding free, swallowing and sucking in oxygen.
that was amazing. Dean's thickness was stretching him wide, every nerve set alight. Dean's hands clenched on his and his eyes went dark, his breath losing rhythm. Castiel loved that moment, he closed his eyes and nodded at Dean as he wrapped his legs around the green-eyed man's waist.
The Alpha stopped abruptly when a very familiar scent circled his nose, the aura of his mate catching him off guard. The wolf turned his snout to the side, red shining eyes falling on no one, but his mate.
As for him and Gabe, they did the grocery shopping and went for firewood, one time, his younger brother brought a squirrel and begged their father to keep him.
Their breathing was heavy, especially Dean’s when he opened the shirt, revealing the toned chest the accountant had. Castiel groaned when he felt fingers tracing his stomach.
Castiel froze when those eyes suddenly turned a golden-green shade, the red ring disappearing, fading away. There was something really familiar in those eyes, something he couldn’t explain.
Charlie’s immediately by his side and trying to get him up, some other students help too, Gabriel is next to him a few seconds later.
Castiel smirked and carefully pulled the briefs down, springing the cock free, Dean growled lifting his hips so it would go off easily.
Sighing, he sat on a chair and wiped his glassy eyes. Thank God he didn't let the tears fall and thank God no one gave him a second look.
After Charlie fixed her long red locks she smiled in the mirror and grabbed her keys. Dean whistled, she looked good like Poison Ivy.
"But that's not why I stopped the wedding, Dean...you can't marry her, I know you...I really do. And I don't think she deserves you, Dean Winchester, you are so much more than people make you out to be...So
Gulping a choke into his dry throat, Castiel pushes once again that hopeful weird sensation into the deep of his soul.
They made slow passionate love, holding and kissing each other like the world was ending. Cas finally admitting to Dean that he was in love with him ever since they started working for Bobby, how he chose Dean every time.  Dean was on cloud 9, so many years lost, he knows that nothing will change in work except their real feeling for each other.
Dean looked at him with big green eyes, and he was so gorgeous with his faded freckles and those pink plumb lips.
He slipped inside as quietly as he could, Cas' nerves were on red as he felt his heart beating so damn loud, it seemed like everyone could hear it. After letting out a relieved sigh noticing that no one paid attention to him, his eyes fell on Dean, and Carmen who were turned towards the altar.
Charlie and Benny, Dean's closest friends never said anything about him being drunk every day since then, Castiel still couldn't believe Sam was so late to tell him this situation.
The man opened the cell, Dean watched him carefully, he could use a quick move and take the weapon this son of a bitch had secured on his belt. But his damn hands and legs were chained, he would work with useless hands but his feet were a high need for this.
"Hello, Dean, nice to meet you," the dark-haired father kneeled  to greet the boy, "hello, Ben...you and Claire having fun?"
Dean smirked and winked again, he bend down and then lied to the cool sand, legs spreading, one arm behind his head. Castiel whimpered when his husband wrapped a hand around him and stroked slowly and lazily.
Castiel looked at Dean with wide eyes, he could feel Benny right behind him as he shot every dark-haired mutt that came close to him, it was easier than he expected, the adrenaline hitting full red.
He and Dean had still so much to discuss but for now, Cas didn't feel alone, didn't felt like he'll ever be, the flutter in his chest confirmed that he
The animal suddenly tensed, Castiel stumbled down, scared if he did something wrong. A loud growling cry came from the animal as its bones started to break inside of his body.
Groaning and spitting the water, Dean blinked once or twice before facing a tall dark-haired man. From his tanned skin, intense eye look, and of course his rich leather tunic he realized he was an Egyptian soldier.
He hadn't slept that night, crying himself awake, one part of him was relieved that he ended this arrangement they had, the sex was amazing, but the feelings were not.
The older lad brushed ghostly his arms around her, placing them hesitantly on her hips. Eyes never leaving Castiel’s.
"I-I'm sorry...I'll jut-" He was about to turn around and disappear from human sight and cry himself asleep with his body having 70% alcohol in it.
” Castiel heard Professor Singer’s voice the head of Hufflepuff house. Professor Singer lifted him up with his big arms, “You okay boy?”
Castiel felt a tear rolling down his cheek, wetting his cold-sweat palms. It was too overwhelming, and it fucking hurt.
everything went well after that. (expect his Xanax poisoning overdose) He and Dean were now closer than ever, and every doubt he ever had disappeared from Dean's love and how amazingly his handsome green-eyed man treated him.
"Where are your packmates?" he muttered to himself as he continued feeding the predator, who hungrily lapped at the canned meat.
Dean's group plus Rowena and Noah cheered for him all except Cas who looked nervous and concerned, Sam was with Benny and Charlie now laughing hard with tears in their eyes and he also thinks he heard Ellen exclaiming:
After knocking nervously on the door of Dean's and Sam's small flat, Castiel tried to ignore his shaky hands. Dean's loud cries echoing in his ears.
Cas blushed as he looked around, everybody was happy and clapping, only some people looked pissed and confused and Cas understood they were on the bride's side. Their friends were shouting and screaming blessings, Sam wiping his eyes from tears of joy that rolled, he had a huge smile on his face, Even the preacher was clapping happily.
Lisa Braeden was sitting on Dean's lap, her arms around his neck as she started to blurt some things he couldn't understand. Castiel's frowned, a hurt expression flushing all over his face.
, he was done with work, Castiel was dreaming about sleep. Also, he couldn't wait to smoke some weed to relax faster.
The blue-eyed man couldn't believe his ears,  frowning and feeling himself getting angry too, Castiel steps closer to Dean.
Memories from yesterday started coming and the blue-eyed man jerked up from the stool and the pile of blankets. The little nest he made for his wolf was now empty.
"It's alright boy...I'm Cas, by the way." he huffed a chuckle, is he for real? introducing himself to a wild animal?
Dean was caring and he said he loved Castiel, which was the painful part, who loves someone and quits them without doing something wrong?
When the door closes, Dean draws in an exasperated breath, eyes blinking open as he glares at his reflection in it.
It wasn't long before both, he and Dean came, the Barbarian exploded into his heat, filling him with hot seed. One moment later his own cock flooding come onto Dean's chest and chin.
… God, those green eyes he dreamed almost every night, the heartbreak of their separation still sharp, even after all these months.
beat, he woke up and felt like shit. It was supposed to be one of the best days of his life. It didn't feel like that at all. He was literally sick from the nerves.
..." Dean took Cas' bottom tips of his henley and lifted it to expose gorgeous tan skin. Cas copied him starting to unbutton every button in a quick movement. When his hands were on Dean's belt, he realized the way his dick was rock hard.
When Cas was finally in front of him, Dean took his hands and kissed his knuckles making him blush but winning an adored look from his blue-eyed angel. Holding tight each other's hands, they faced Missouri and she smiled kindly at them before beginning the ceremony.
There was a small part of him that thought about how Dean is straight and he was just being friendly, but after tonight’s stolen glances and hungry eyes, he can confirm:
Cas pecked him twice, trice before pulling away a bit, Dean chased him with his mouth not ready to lose the blue-eyed man’s sweet alcohol taste. Dean was head over heels for him.
He probably needs to find something new though.  He is an economics and accounting major for fuck's sake
Charlie got closer to him, pulling him to sit on Dean’s bed next to her. Castiel felt his eyes water, but once again he didn’t leave the tears to fall.
The trap was, their teeth were poisonous, a bite inside his clean Alpha flesh will weaken him so much he’ll pass out in minutes.
Castiel opened his mouth to speak again, but Dean flickered with a supernatural speed once again that Castiel's eyes couldn't properly process, and he found himself pressed fully against the back of his Smart, Dean's nose buried in his crook of the neck.
Well, that went smoothly. It didn't matter though, he had Ben and he didn't need anything more, his small family was more than enough.
Castiel feels himself relax a bit, his palm super sweaty from holding the gun, full of silver bullets. Oh God, they are near the end.
He grabs his coat and wallet, fighting not to panic and scream as he doesn’t find his freaking car keys.
Castiel licked his lips and glanced at Dean once again, he was looking at him with hungry eyes and so much adoration. Castiel’s dick twitched in his jeans, he could come just by looking Dean.
Castiel bit his lips, cause the Barbar was now clean from the battle paint and his beard and short waves were wet and smooth. Looking handsome and so, so
“Cassy!” Gabriel was smiling widely, a lollipop was hanging on his lips, next to him Charlie and then his eyes fell on the third person in the Hospital wing. Green eyes, freckles, and sandy hair.
He can’t ruin their friendship, their 3 years of being brothers, through all high school and now college, he’s also sure Cas isn’t into him, he did date Meg until 2 months ago.
Wrapping his one arm around Dean's chest, gluing his back onto his chest, Castiel traveled where his hand ached to do all this time after he first faced him.
, it must be dread to have Dean like this, he so much hoped Sammy hadn't ever think Dean was heading in their dad's footsteps.
“No,” Sam’s eyes flashed with gold light but only for a second before coming back to their natural hazel green, “but is our only hope to get Dean and Gabe out of this mess…”
He didn’t even complete his sorry excuse of an explanation before the blue-eyed man threw himself at Dean.
For some reason, Cas believed him, however, this whole situation was weird and really confusional, did he seriously thought Cas was that dumb? The freakiest thing was that Dean claimed to be the wolf.
Feeling Dean's balls tightening he licked the sac hearing Dean swearing and breathing hard on his hole, he returned to the cock and started to bob his head up and down, he matched it with the long, fast thrusts of Dean's tongue inside his hole.
"Yes." Dean smiled widely and pressed a kiss to Cas' cheek. The blue-eyed man let out a breath he didn't know he held. That was a relief.
Dean glanced at the dirty-almost destroyed Toyota where he could see Gabe tighten up and gagged. His gold eyes wide and heart beating like crazy, poor kid, probably didn’t know where it all came all of sudden.
Dean chuckled, as both of them started walking beside each other towards the elevator, "He sounds like a dick."
Dean smiled from Cas’ aura, his blue-eyed angel was feeling intense emotion, he felt love radiate from him, the Alpha couldn’t hide his wide grin.
Castiel turns around, his eyes trailing to the half-close door in room 404, then he turns and meets Bobby’s eyes.
Castiel didn’t say anything, he just crushed his lips against Dean’s wrapping his arms around his neck, pulling him incredibly close.
Castiel felt numb, he sang his heart off and danced with all of his mental and physical power. It was one of the most stressful performances, his feelings and emotions were pushed so deep on the back of his mind and gut, the multi-awarded star didn't notice the room spinning.
Tears threatened to spill from his eyes, as he imagined his younger brother being hostage by those mutant poisonous shifters.
As Castiel made his way to his small Smart, he felt a movement behind him. Turning around, the dark-haired man almost screamed.
That's why he needed so badly to help the wolf, an inner part of himself already connected to the wild animal, who actually was this man.
“I know its not the time, but you look beautiful…” The Alpha said when they got out of his room, his hand immediately grabbing Castiel’s, lacing their fingers as Dean guided him to the main hall.
Dean gave him a deep look, like he was memorizing Castiel’s face. “I’m sorry…” he said softly, “Madam Pomfrey said that your back will be good in a few hours.”
“Fine, you know numbers and stuff, boring stuff…anyways, nice seeing you, uh—have f-fun.” He stuttered awkwardly before disappearing from the kitchen, Dean’s heart dropped for a second.
“You idiot, throwing yourself to the wolfs,” Dean growled, starting to check him if he was injured, Castiel smiled kissing his Alpha’s cheek lovingly, melting into his embrace.
Okay, he's close enough. He has this. He'll just casually gonna sit and ask him out, what could possibly go wrong? It's easy peasy.
“I think you do. We all have eyes sweetie, you didn’t even listen to a word I told you, your eyes were glued to him and only him all night.”
I know you'll find it hard to believe me if I tell you how much you mean to me. I hardly understand what I feel for you, and don't know how these long, sleepless nights, thinking only of you can go one. I've never felt like this before...
“We can’t come with him, they, for sure will have those sick poisonous freaks surrounding the place!” Bobby exclaimed pointing a finger in Benny’s chest.
Castiel gasped, eyes slipping shut while Dean groaned again, nuzzling into his neck. A few seconds passed as he adjusted the length before he started rolling his lips slowly.
Cas and Dean smiled the wildest at each other and Castiel grabbed Dean by the collar of his suit and pulled him incredibly close. Pressing their grinning lips they hummed happily, Dean sliding his hands in Castiel's waist to pull him even closer as possible. The kiss was soft and hungry and the most gorgeous. Dean's stomach was filled with the whole damn zoo. It felt like the first time.
It was midnight and there was nothing else to eat. He was too tired to grab a takeaway from the 24-hour DINER twenty minute away from his apartment.
, no one's watching him, even though earlier 3 ladies flirted shamelessly with him, oh the disappointed shocked look they gave him when he said he was gay.
“No, we don— I mean yeah!” Gabriel yelped when Charlie obviously stepped on his foot. Castiel sighed internally, oh Merlin,
You see, when your ex-girlfriend comes back into your life pregnant and demanding you take responsibility for your actions you don’t have a lot of ways to get the hell away from the situation.
"Oh god." Dean's hands came up to spread across Castiel's face. "Of course I do, you son of a bitch!"
Sliding into the warm water, he copies Dean's position and rests his arms around the rim across him, relaxing at the streaming water. Dean looks so lustfully sinful which in Castiel's case is exactly ideal. The trace of him being a dangerous Barbar was now left.
"Whatever I don't have time for this..." he said ready to get up, Cas was quicker and closed the distance pushing him back on the chair.
The thing is, Cas does one-night stands, he never goes for a second date. Dean was placid for that, cause he did it himself, the man needed sexual content, he wasn't called womanizer and playboy for nothing in law school.
Sam and Bobby got out from the truck quickly and Cas stumbled to get up as he glanced at the strangers—well Bobby, he knew Sam, those dorks were basically
It didn't take long before the older man himself came inside Castiel's tight heat. Groaning once again into Dean's mouth Castiel felt the hot thick come filling him up so good. It was their first time without a condom and he doesn't regret it at all.
Before she could throw them the fat candlestick she grabbed from the altar, a woman and a man who Cas understood were her parents, took the item, and pushed her away from the couple as she continued screaming slurs and curses all over the church.
When she left they leaned in close again, and Castiel longed to reach out and touch Dean. The green-eyed man's warmth was nice and the blue-eyed man felt a connection between them.
His heart broke again but Cas didn't let it take him down. He'll help the poor animal. And if it's going to die, at least it would be in a warm place with someone who'll pet them and care for them even if it's only a couple of hours.
When they went down, Dean’s make-up was already itching and when he tried to touch his face Charlie hit him, glaring daggers at him.
"Call an ambulance! Now!" Castiel heard shouting and muffled voices, but everything was still blurry and his vision started to get foggier. His head was about to blow up. It was like someone was hammering his brain.
Dean smiled gorgeously and their lips met, "man, you have no idea how glad I am that you were around when they said
Cas has avoided him the past month, ignoring his phone calls and answering his texts coldly. He was dying to talk to him like he used to, but it was safer not to remind himself how his best friend never will be more.
"Hey man, come sit with me." Dean offered and sat on the bench, Castiel followed and checked around if Dean had other company as much like his wife or girlfriend.
“Take your fucking pants off…” Castiel commanded, pulling the Alpha once again into his chest to kiss him.
It had been over a week since he saw Dean, but they texted non-stop, Dean was the sweetest guy ever. He still couldn't believe Dean was so perfect, handsome and so, so lovely. It felt like a dream to having this date with him. Apparently, the green-eyed mechanic was bisexual and he couldn't stop complimenting Castiel at how sexy he is.
“Okay, okay, let's go find it!” The redhead nerd grabbed his arm and pulled him out of the library, Castiel yelped from her strength but ran with her.
Kissing Dean's inner thighs and making the green-eyed man gasp and groan he took mercy and hooked his fingers on the elastic of the black tight boxers. Sliding them down, Dean's cock spread out thick and proud.
Castiel told him about him working at this Law Firm, here in Lawrence and his eyes sparkled as he mentioned his brother who worked there too. Generally, their conversation was nice and so easy, Castiel gave everything to not read too much into it.
Some of the tension he felt dropped out, but he still couldn’t breathe easily and his heart felt heavy as hell.
Castiel holds him tighter, Dean looks so small and so, so young, he never ever saw him this broken before, the green-eyed man always covered his deep pain into a cocky mask, always being flirty, cool and so damn calm.
After Dean, Bobby and Benny ran through the woods, cause obviously if they’ll turn in their human form, they’ll be naked, Sam was the only clever one to undress before turning for the battle.
Dean saw him speak with Sam, he was frowning hard, with a pale face, his hands were trembling as he was pointing what Dean thought was the dead body of the security guard.
Cas froze, his lips curling into a gorgeous small smile, he moved closer to Dean placing his other hand on the Alpha’s thigh.
Rushing inside, he needed to found his first aid kit, some water, food...what wolves ate, expect raw meat? He didn't have any raw meat.
Taking the courage he turned to glance at Noah, "He's mine..." Dean growls possessively and then shifts to Cas' side, the blue-eyed man is stunned when Dean grabs him by the waist pulling him against his chest.
Castiel tightened his hold on Dean's hips, slotting their bodies together while one of Dean's hands came up to cup his clothed dick.
The worst thing was that Dean was driving to Castiel’s place, he was coming to talk to Castiel, that’s what Sam said to him on the phone.
Castiel missed those touches, he missed Dean. No one was able to make him pant like a horn dog with their sexual abilities, basically Dean was a sex god.
Dean rolled the condom on his cock and then crawled once again giving Cas a messy dirty kiss. He ran both his palms down Cas' chest and shuffled backward to settle between his legs.
“Cas, calm down, Benny, me and Bobby will go after him soon, we have a plan. A shitty one, but it’s our only hope…”
"I need two burgers deluxe and a pack of onion rings," she told him before disappearing towards the bar. The blue-eyed man groaned internally and wiped the sweaty drops off of his forehead. Today
Cas moaned at the soft beard which tickled his jaw in the best way possible. When Dean's hands trailed all over his body, leaving nothing untouched, Cas was burning with lust. Their lips were fighting hungrily against each other, and the blue-eyed man thought they bleed and suck the blood.
…you’re alright.” Castiel kneeled down and took the courage to touch the big furry head, his fingers brushing the soft light hair.
Pleasure filled Castiel's senses and he started riding Dean's cock faster, the blue-eyed man wrapped his legs around him, as Dean fucked into him harder, pulling out until the head of his cock caught onto the rim, and pushing in, repeating that over and over again and again.
Castiel gives him a small smile, as he watches Dean’s frustrated frown. Only Dean Winchester would be lying in a hospital bed with a broken leg and thinking about his car.
He hadn’t lost his faith, Castiel still believed it was faith that brought him Dean back, that made him be an important person in this world, Castiel finally didn’t find himself boring or his life. He didn’t feel lonely anymore, everything he needed was right here.
Castiel gave him a knowing look, almost playful, Dean raised his eyebrows confused and then it hit him, the Alpha rolled his eyes.
Castiel knew Dean was a good actor, he did have a Golden Globe, but did he really acted all those 3 years they were together as a married couple? And the 5 before when they were Hollywood's, young famous sweethearts?
Dean’s expression softened, “I knew from the moment I laid my eyes on you…You’re my everything Cas…I can’t live without you.”
“But what about that time you almost spilled your beer on Lisa’s dress?” Dean laughed, Castiel felt the strong chest vibrating below his cheek.
Too bad someone else doesn't get affected by his charming smirk. Someone, really pretty, with the bluest eyes alive, those oceans of blue sapphires, those skies of--
Benny growled stepping forward but Castiel stopped him, putting his hands on the Wolf’s chest, he understood Benny, he really did, but if they start bad, their battle may develop wrong in so many ways. Bobby turned giving a knowing glare at Benny.
Castiel scoffed, of course Dean would say that, he knows he’s not the best fighter or a supernatural being, but he can’t just sit here.
Castiel wrapped his legs around Dean’s waist, trying to push the green-eyed man deeper—if that was even possible. Apparently, Castiel needed more.
Dean checked around before pulling Castiel to the hallway, the place was in a good mood, everybody celebrating, beers in hand, Dean’s pack knew it wasn’t over but for now, everything was alright.
This place was also super gorgeous and he felt a freedom he didn't feel in LA, maybe it was that they were on another land, and didn't have every damn paparazzi or gossip site surrounding them.
A warm feeling blossoms into his chest but Castiel quickly pushes it aside. This man will drive him fucking insane. Inhaling a shaky breath, he feels his knees shaking.
Before he could take a breath, Dean was already pushing in, hissing Cas’ name. Castiel groaned and pushed his face in the mattress feeling the thick length inserting him.
.  It was probably dead, completely still, it's golden-green eyes open and glassy and its tongue lolling out.
"I promise to be your faithful husband. I promise to love you when the sun shines, when the rain falls, in sickness, and in health. When you look at this ring, think of me and remember that I love you
Before Castiel could answer, Dean turned him around hard, pulling him close to him, their chests glued together and Castiel’s breath is caught in his throat. Dean’s hand travels on his ass.
Seconds later he was once again between Deans spread legs and he was eyeing the tenting erection in his boxer briefs.
Castiel sighed but nodded with assurance. They still had to talk for a lot of things, his brother was still missing, and he didn’t even know if he’ll ever return back to his apartment, Alfie’s probably misses him.
Castiel once again turned his attention to the car, everything was havoc of animal cries and curses, most hunters were alright, and the mutants were lying on the cold ground dead, Sam was already in his human form, only wearing a pair of jeans as he carried Gabriel who was clinging on the taller man, eyes wide as he saw the scene in front of him.
A moment later they fell to the floor, leaning to the wall, Castiel pulled Dean even closer, nuzzling his hair as he let the older man cry into his chest. Dean's familiar scent filled his nostrils and Castiel almost gasped at how he missed the hell out of it.
…” Dean groaned from pain as he hit the cold leather seats, Bobby rolled his eyes, throwing the fallen trench coat to him to cover his junk.
He doesn’t even know why he agreed to dress up, especially when all of the gang was going as DC universe characters. (Charlie’s idea). He wanted to go as a damn cowboy, not the sorry excuse of Jared Leto’s version of one of the baddest villains in Batman.
He tried to ignore his lower half which was quite liberated from any undergarments except the satin tunic. He felt bare and weak without his weapons and animal overcoats. He almost looked like a...
A few moments later Dean folded the draft and pushed it under the chair, then his bulky biceps wrapped around Castiel's chest and shoulder, traveling on every inch of his tanned skin.
The kiss was soft, affectionate, and calm, no rush, just a simple passion that graced their lips into a beautiful spark. The feeling of Dean's tongue making Castiel feel like he's never felt before.
Dean’s said breathlessly in between kissing Castiel’s jaw, tongue licking at the bottom of his Adam’s apple.
Cas sucked hard, sliding his tongue along the underside then slipped lower and lower until the head pressed against the back of his throat and he had to back off.
Satisfied Cas took courage to feed the wild animal too. Careful not to sneak up and scare him, the blue-eyed man took some meat in his hand and slowly brought it to the animal's nose. The wolf sniffed the treat and opened his mouth, Cas took it as a cue to feed him.
“Come on, let’s have fun.” Dean said, to lose the tension and to stop the awkward silence that wrapped them the moment they saw each other.
Dean ran his hands in every inch of his bare skin until they settled on his ass, squishing his cheeks, the swim trucks were quite loose on the thighs so his husband slid inside of them and took a handful of them. Castiel groaned hotly on Dean's lips.
And if Dean doesn't want to do anything with him after, he'll be broken but at least he will finally let out his feelings. Better lose Dean with him knowing the truth and his real feelings than lose him after destroying his life with a woman he didn't love.
Dean pulled off and Castiel almost whined from the loss of the warm mouth, after giving a last peck on his lips, the Alpha started to unbutton Cas’ blue dress shirt.
“We had an Alpha, Asmodeus. We were a big pack, but the problem was that asshole was biting innocent people, he wanted to make the whole town into wolfs, he thought he’s a king. My mom…” Dean’s throat suddenly tightened.
His best friends Meg and Balth always trying to take him with them to their families' holiday tables or suggest spending the holidays together but he always declines politely, not wanting the pitiful looks from people.
When Cas' eyes met with Sam's he almost passed out, he was about to get out in careful quiet steps when he noticed Sam's happy expression, he winked at Cas encouraging him with his small head gestures.
Castiel swore he, himself growled, grabbing Dean’s face and guiding his lips to Dean’s. Pressing their mouths together in a hungry passionate kiss.
OMG, finally finished it! Sorry  it took almost a month to upload, I was on vacation and the internet connection was shit where I was. Here's the last chapter, the happy ending ma boys deserve. Hope you enjoy.
Castiel felt his cheeks heating and tried not to wince when he mentioned a wife. Dean was sweet and he tried to convince himself it had nothing to do with the pair of deep, green eyes he was trying not to tumble into, but he kept losing his train of thought.
Cas started kissing Dean's thighs loving the hairs that tickled his tongue and continued until he was nose deep in Dean's clothed bulge. The sounds that came out of Dean made him almost go insane. Fuck,
No one was joining anyway, but for some reason, he had to rush and start preparing the food. As far as the routine went, there wasn't much else to do out here.
After what it seemed like forever, the larger, light-haired wolf dismissed the smaller one. It ran incredibly fast as it disappeared from the dark garage.
Cas pushes him harder, and Dean stumbles stepping back, still dizzy from their make out. Confused he reaches for the dark-haired man’s hands, needing his touch.
The loud crowd made his heart ache even more and his nervousness hit red, they were 20.000+ people out there, and Cas was drugged with so many Xanaxes and 3 energy drinks that made everything blurry. He could pass out any moment.
Dean then finally looked at him, with a lazy smirk and dark eyes, he tried to lean into Castiel, his arms already ready to wrap him up, but the king just pushed them away smirking.
Dean chuckled, his heart warming. He hugged Ben back tightly, " I know buddy, it's nothing, just wedding stress."
Seconds later Dean was all over him kissing and softly biting his skin. Small wet kisses from those sinful plump lips.  It felt like fire, but the good kind that did not burn you, but embraced you with passion and lust.
but he didn't understood why he felt like this... It's like he knew the taller man years, it felt like Dean was
Nodding Castiel took one more breath, his heart almost ripping from his ribcage as the first introduction of the first track of the tracklist started to play, the band was already killing it.
, Castiel finally gave in and started bouncing on the cock hard and deep, making both of them groan and gasp in pleasure, especially him,
“He—he was supposed to be there, I don’t know how they f-found him?” the blue-eyed man stuttered, tears streaming down his face.
Castiel sighed and glanced at Dean again, he nodded with a grin, and his heart almost melted, he kneeled once again to the children's height and gave the leash to Claire, Hazel stood up too and wiggled her tail as she shoved her muzzle into Claire's lap.
Castiel grinned as Dean stroke his cheek gently and so, so lovingly. He never saw this side of Dean before, him, being so soft and caring.
Dean growled and pushed Cas onto the leather couch which was just a few feet away from the door. Seconds passed and Dean was already half-naked, Cas licked his lips at the toned and tanned chest in front of him, Dean had a flaming pentacle tattoo on his left pec. It looked so sexy. It was amazing how Dean with suit looked like an elegant gorgeous CEO but without it like an Arlekin book cover of a sexy lumberjack love story.
“I’m here, a-always.” He smiles teary at the old pet name, taking Dean’s hand with both arms kissing everywhere.
Dean sighed but smiled at the two of them, his face though got serious in a second. He cleared his throat and everyone’s attention was on him. There were still some people Castiel didn’t recognize but he put the thought to the back of his mind, right now they needed to find his brother.
Dean forced a smirk and winked at her, making her blush, she though, was brave and ran softly her fingers on his purple unzipped jacket.
When Cas touched the man's arm, he smiled tightly, trying to ignore the small ache on his chest. The blue-eyed man once again was searching for his eyes but Dean for once again avoided looking at him.
They kiss hungrily, both hard as they rock at each other, Cas’ hands slipping around Dean’s neck, his long fingers pulling his short cut hairs.
The thing is, he was happy with Dean, and then a rainy night Dean just snapped at him angrily, growling at Castiel to go away and not touch him. He looked almost like an animal, Castiel didn’t recognize his Dean who was soft and heart-meltingly adorable.
Dean grabbed his fist in a supernatural beat and pulled Cas closer to him, before pushing him against the wall, placing his other hand on Cas' waist.
Checking the house with one last glance, he waves at the cat and then disappears to go to that hell hole he calls job.
Dean relaxed more on the bench, today the park was packed, it was Saturday and obviously, parents had the day off and brought their kids to play and spend some time with them. He did the same today, he literally hasn't seen his baby boy all week as the shifts were insanely busy.
They continued updating each other with news until Sam had to hang and finish his report. His baby bro a fire lawyer was once again on a business trip in New York, working on a case. If he didn't work, he'll be here with them, Ben loved the shit out of Sammy and his younger brother adored his nephew as they spend a lot of time together, especially when Dean worked shift after shift at the auto shop.
"Oh, look who's finally listening!" Balthazar rolled his eyes as he turned in Cas' direction. The blue-eyed man heard his best friend chuckling.
After a long moment of silence, Cas probably noticed his hard gaze. Putting his soft hand on top of Dean’s, the blue-eyed man moved closer lacing their fingers together.
“If things get messy, call the hunters…” Dean’s jaw was tight, this was their last solution, even though the local hunters hated them, they hated the mutant omegas more.
—with the sharp teeth and gold eyes, growling angrily at him. It was deformed and blood was running all over its chin.
Either way, it was too late now. Dean will never forgive him if he misses the wedding, especially when he promised he'll be by Dean's side on the altar with Sam.
Growls and hisses were heard as those Barbarians that were more like animals threw themselves at the metals.
Castiel smiled and Dean bitted his lip before leaning in and kissing him again in a slow filthy kiss.
The wolf closed his eyes melting on Castiel’s touch, nuzzling his muzzle on the palm of the man’s hand.
It's karaoke night tonight at the Roadhouse and some people had already sung but now, they played old hits and Britney's...
Castiel’s eyes widened, with the corner of his eyes he could see Gabe and Char smirking at each other, obviously realizing Castiel is shocked that his crush is here too.
The thing was that Dean, fed so little of him like he didn't like Castiel's blood cause everything was too quick. The one minute Dean was between his legs, nuzzling his neck and sinking his sharp fangs on his flesh, and the other he was alone, fully healed, but a little dizzy. The vampire nowhere near. Not even in his throne where he sat always and watched the hustle and bustle of the nightclub.
Dean choked as he came, Castiel’s eyes rolling into his brain from the pleasure. Seconds later he was coming as well, orgasm erupting out of his cock, literally untouched.
Dean smiles again pulling Cas into a bear hug, Cas almost melts into Dean as his eyes water again, his best friend tights his arms around him humming happily.
So, he already had a crush on Cas, although the lad could be--or was probably straight and didn't look for a relationship, Dean himself was a ladies man but hot damn the dark-haired man awakened his 10% bisexuality which now equaled to 70% and it was all of Cas' fault.
Castiel's cock was trapped between Dean's stomach, leaking pre-cum, the Barbar shoved his face into his neck as he walked towards the large mattress with the bluest silk sheets. Wet droplets slipping all over their bodies.
Dean's breath quickened, and he started changing the pace of his thrusting, the slow steady movements were now quick and hard, his hand still rough stroking his cock.
The green-eyed man choked on his drink just in time as Sam sat next to him at the bar. His younger brother had a bright smile on his face, Dean frowned, why the fuck he's happy about?
Dean tried to stay still, unwillingly his cock twitched from the warm touch, cursing his brittle flesh weakness, the barbarian tried to not do anything unexpected and make the young emperor angrier, cause he damn was,
And then his face, God, even with messy makeup, he looks gorgeous, Dean cannot deny that he’s attracted incredibly to his best friend.
Grabbing his car keys, the young artist left his apartment in a rush, his heart clenching in fear and emotions. He hadn't seen Dean in almost 1,5 months, lots of sleepless nights of crying and overthinking about the one who broke his heart were enough to feel the dread of reuniting with
A few moments later, the blonde kid entered the library sheepishly. His blue eyes fell on Castiel, and he could swear the shade was identically with his own.
Castiel’s heart broke a bit, he knew how it was to be alone without parents, he felt sympathy for Jack.
A dull pain throbs in his chest, Dean is frozen, and he feels his heart breaking into million pieces.
Dean was already ready to run to Gabe and grab him the hell away, especially when he heard the first bullet and the quick steps of the humans running towards the middle of nowhere.
Why he suddenly felt rage and jealousy towards Cas? Why looking at him with someone else made his blood boil? What is wrong with him?
The much taller lad melted into Cas tiredly. The older man patted his back comfortingly before pulling away, hand still on Sam's shoulder.
It didn't take long before he pressed his cock on Dean's chest harder and started grinding in fast motions,
"I was actually very nervous, I thought you were straight..." the green-eyed man replied, sounding honestly surprised and playful.
those biceps. Castiel finally has time to appreciate Dean’s naked body, now that they’re not in freaking danger, or the Alpha’s about to pass out.
"You know I do..." he moaned when Dean climbed up on the bed, crawling over him, with a hungry smile.
But Dean only stared at Cas who was now looking adorable as ever with his wide blue eyes and parted lips, his cheeks still red as hell.
-" he heard Dean say as he turned around and started walking fast. He needed to get the hell away from the cafeteria. He blurted a 'sorry for bothering you' and was gone.
Dean and Castiel have some steamy moments as they missed each other so much until a phone call comes.
Dean though, didn’t even know who he was. Castiel was a quiet kid, smart and all but an invisible ghost—
He hoped Sam will catch his scent to lead the hunters to the hell hole he’s about to go, there’s probably a twenty more of these bastards there, he won’t make it alive. They obviously want him to trade himself with Gabe.
Cas turned to Balth, blushing once again and shaking his head embarrassed, the roof garden of Titania Hotel Charlie picked for the party is pretty crowded with Michael Bublé playing softly in the background.
His best friend was wearing those sexy short red and blue shorts, with ripped tights, showing those nice meaty-muscled thighs from jogging.
Dean sucked and licked until Cas was sloppy and loose then pressed his tongue past the rim, dipping it in as far as it could go. Cas made an unholy noise and broke Dean's hold.
He felt a tap on his shoulders, turning, Cas was surprised to see Dean smiling at him with a hopeful expression.
After starting the engine, he passed the dark underground road, he was almost at the exit, but he couldn’t see Tomas sitting in the booth, checking who exits and who enters the garage.
They sat there comfortable, talking about this and that, and Castiel actually enjoyed talking to the green-eyed man, Dean was funny and sweet and he worked at an auto shop, which is why his hands were rough and his shoulders broad. He tried not to imagine Dean naked with only his dirty overalls and his sweaty body fixing a car.
“I think you’re beautiful too.” When Castiel blurted that, he felt the cringe crawling all over his face,
“Gawd, Cas, are you a badass hunter now?” Charlie appeared, wrapping her arms behind him, lifting him up happily. He laughed as Dean rolled his eyes at them, he could see his wolf was worried, but they had time, Castiel would persuade him, after all, he shot a big number of bastards today.
Castiel gives Benny and Charlie a last glance before he knocks the half-closed door quietly, his heart threatening to rip off his chest.
After Cas found the hallway clear he ran to his locker, pushing his dark hair from his eyes, the blue-eyed boy quickly unlocked it and grabbed his needed books.
Burning in shame, Castiel turned around to freaking ran the hell away but Dean caught his wrist and pulled him into his chest.
Mr. Winchester was staring, his eyes were dark and lustful. His sandy hair looking like gold in the roof lights, as well as his thick beard, making him look dreamy and so,
It’s gonna hurt like hell not seeing Dean coming to his apartment late at night with a dirty smile, coming to Castiel and pushing him into the wall kissing his neck and sucking dark red hickeys like he
Looking at himself in the small mirror of his bathroom, he tried to fix his messy hair but he remembered that Dean told him that he looked amazing like that so he just left it as it is. He also hadn't shaved and his pants were still missing.
Dean opened his eyes, it was dark and cold. The back of his head was killing him like hell. Groaning like a wild animal, he tried to prick up as he couldn't help but freeze his damn back from the cold marble.
"Oh, and Dean?" Cas started before leaving completely out of the office, he leaned towards the glass door, his cute frown still drawn in his features.
Seconds later he’s on the car, starting the engine and pulling into the road, revving fast in the dark streets of Lawrence. He can feel his phone vibrating with texts, it makes him anxious and ready to lose control and scream, the cold sweat on his hands make him grab the steering wheel harder.
He didn't know what he did to deserve Cas, the most caring, kind, funny, and gorgeous man in this whole damn universe. Dean's heart was beating extremely fast from the excitement and the sight in front of him. Cas will be his,
Castiel placed his hand on top of Dean’s flaming pentagram tattoo, tracing the smooth, hot skin softly as he took the handsome supernatural human being on top of him.
Dean immediately thrust his tongue into Cas’ mouth, he was so freaking happy and a bit confused but didn’t want to stop the kiss, he growled when Cas pushed him against the window and pulled him closer, Dean tightened his arms around his best friend’s waist.
Dean is smiling at him, his big smile is making Cas' heartbreak even more, when his best friend's smile starts to fall, Cas quickly winces a sorry excuse of a smile to assure Dean he is happy for him.
Castiel’s heart fluttered, Dean may be a 36-year-old man but sometimes he looks like a little boy with his cute pout and toothy grins.
After Castiel cleaned the bloody pitches on his body that found him when those Barbarians' heads exploded, he ordered the servants to bring him his silk dark blue robe. Wearing it, the young and powerful king followed his way towards his chambers, where his new guest was staying.
"Cas, I know you and Dean are not talking, but please man I need your help, he came home piss drunk, his lip is split and his knuckles are bloody...He, uh...can't stop calling for you..." Sam was trying to talk steady but his voice was shaking a bit.
Castiel made a mess in his hair with his fingers so it would look like sex hair and fixed his favorite yellow bee T-shirt, his black ripped jeans hugged his ass amazingly.
"Whoah! That's cool, buddy!" Dean grabbed his bag which contained some of Ben's toys, some sandwiches, and packs of wipes. He quickly clutched some baby wipes and wiped a small spot of dirt on Ben's cheek.
Then a mournful, pained cry echoed through the trees and Cas jumped to the side, eyes wide in alert.
"Hello Dean, Ben..." Cas greeted ruffling Ben's spiky hair, his kid giggled and Dean's heart swelled with affection, the man was amazing with kids.
He didn’t deserve this. He was just hurting himself more, and Dean isn't the one to blame. He cleared to Castiel that this was just casual sex, no feelings involved. Castiel was just a booty call to Dean,
They didn't drove long before they were outside a bar-restaurant called 'Roadhouse' Dean turned to him and grinned even though Castiel could see there was nervousness in his eyes. He smiled trying to reassure Dean anything with him will be amazing.
Dean felt Cas' body shiver in the best way possible, especially when he ran his fingertip around his rim, getting him slick, easing him open.
Whatever, he gulps another sip of his beer and glares at Cas and that asshat he's been talking with for almost 30 minutes. He's not fucking jealous obviously. Cas is his baby
Dean continued to suck kisses all over his neck and collarbone as he started pulling his jeans and boxers down incredibly slowly. Castiel groaned and pushed him away, this was taking him too much, he needed Dean naked
After they make up sex, hard sweaty and so, so loving, the two men stayed curled into each other, Castiel traveling his fingers on Dean’s warm skin, feeling the Alphas toned muscles.
The green-eyed man smiled at him and opened his mouth to say something but he didn't complete it as a small boy started jumping with
They stand there, in each other's arms for what it feels like an eternity, and Castiel thinks not even eternity is enough. Both of them clinging onto each other. Dean lightly stroking his hair and Castiel breathing in the green-eyed man's neck, the warm flesh making feel like he's home.
” Castiel shouts panicky and Dean grabs the phone from his tight grip. His eyes red and sparkly, as he places the phone on his ear.
Entering the living room, Castiel's breath hitched as he looked around, bottles of alcohol were thrown all around, clothes, cigarettes.  Oh, Dean, what have you done?
A loud whistle made Castiel pull a bit from Dean, not daring to look to the direction of the sound. His eyes met Dean’s as the Alpha rolled his eyes.
Sam is in the chair next to the bed, he removes his palms off his face to look at Castiel, his hair falling messy in his eyes, that are red and tired.
Cas gave all his courage to avoid Dean and Carmen, something about a month ago it was easier as they had preparations for the wedding, it hurt, so much to be a witness to all of this nightmare and fake his happiness for his best friend when on the inside he wanted to yell at him and tell him what a big mistake he did.
Dean chose that moment to pull back and press harder, and Cas sobbed out a groan, his whole body shaking to the feeling of Dean stretching him wider.
“I love you Alpha…” he whispers against their hot like fire kisses. Dean growls happily bringing his hand to cup the blue-eyed man’s cheek sweetly.
Dean’s wolf felt threatened and extremely angry when he saw at least 15 mutants in front of him. The only thing that was relieving him was that he finally could sense Gabe’s heart.
Before he could react, the wolf was in front of him. Dread flushed over Castiel’s body, but the creature was on its back, shielding him.
, still can't believe you love me back..." Cas whispered the last part almost disbelievingly, "you sure you're not drunk enough to confuse me with someone else?"
Now he was here, alone, in a cell and a space that was circled inside an underground area. Dean hoped Sam and his other men were alright. He couldn't protect them, what kind of leader would he be if he didn't have any men,
, he didn't mind, Dean was for him too, yet he couldn't help but feel a little disappointed, Dean seemed like amazing boyfriend material and he kinda wanted to see him again.
, Cas had months of being this close with someone, let alone feeling so much pleasure and lust he could probably see stars. Dean took mercy on him and started jerking him off alongside his deep fucking.
"D-Dean your l-lip..." Castiel muffled concerned even though he couldn't stop himself from kissing Dean and tasting the metallic taste of blood.
Castiel blushed when Dean bent down so they were eye-level. When the jock touched his hand instead of the book, Castiel's eyes widened, and his lips parted from the surprise.
The young emperor was tanned like everyone here, but he almost looked bronzed and pale at the same time. His blue eyes were the bluest shade he ever witnessed, decorated with black eyeliner. The young royal was gorgeous with his lean bare and toned chest, Dean gulped when he noticed he only wore a gold belt that poured a long fine transparent linen. As was anticipated he wore shiny hinged cuff bracelets in each arm.
"Well... yeah?" Dean's confidence was visibly flagging and horror was rippling through him in hot waves.
Dean chuckled, but his eyes darkened. He crawled forward, and Cas reached out and slipped his fingers around Dean's cock, a soft, desperate noise leaking out. The green-eyed man's cock was beautiful, nestled in light brown curls and long and thick, it hung heavy between Dean's legs, the slit already shiny with precome. Cas slid his hand down its mouth-watering length, reveling in the smooth slide of the skin over the full hardness underneath.
He turned around to meet Dean’s other best friend, the redhead he adored so much. The dork, the legend,
Castiel gulped, his blood freezing at the sight of the vampire. His lustful dreams starting playing inside his mind.
Castiel blurted so fastly Dean looked at him puzzled and confused. The blue-eyed teen blushed harder, the jock probably thought he's insane.
“Dean, no—stop, for fuck’s sak—” Cas’ voice is angry as he pushes Dean harder, his hands going on top of his chest.
"I have something in mind..." Castiel said giving Dean a toothy smile, bliss wrapping all over his body.
“Charlie!” he said and couldn’t help but smile, even if his insides were twisting, making him nauseous.
Fuck, Cas..." the blue-eyed man stroked his cock. Dean couldn't help the whimper that leaked out. Cas' stroking was so,
, the way he rode Dean, the way the blue-eyed man sucked his cock...and don't even let him start about Cas' ass, his gorgeous pink tight hole who he ate like a champ.
The last few weeks were quite loud, tourists from every corner of the States came to Austin, especially after the new Vampire Club--
The blue-eyed man stands up with shaky hands as he shouts at the quiet hall, his voice strangely steady.
After pouring his tea into his mug, Cas wore his coat and got out to the porch, there stood a wooden chair with a small table along with it. The dark-haired man clutched his hot mug to his chest and breathed in the scent of bergamot, pine needles, and brisk winter air.
He slipped from the couch and crawled towards Dean's bow legs, Dean's eyes were so dark and lustful following every move Castiel made. When he was kneeling in front of the green-eyed man he licked his lips and dared to glance at Dean who was suddenly breathing harder.
The dark haired teen was bullied a lot about his easy crying. They always were calling him 'sissy' or 'little girl' and the worse 'faggot'. But Cas got confident.
Sudden anger encircles his body. He can't believe how irresponsible is the green-eyed man, dread fills Castiel as he imagines Dean getting drunk and starting fights,
Castiel gasped when Dean quickened his pace on his cock and his thrusts, his fingers tightening on the blue-eyed man's, slamming into him, Castiel couldn't keep it more, he shot an ostensibly endless stream of come between their chests.
"Thanks, Jo," Dean smiled at the waitress and she saluted him leaving them alone. Dean gestured towards the beer.
The music and all the dancing sweaty bodies in the frat house fade and Castiel’s only sensation is Dean’s lips sucking his neck. And father forgive him, he wants marks for everyone to know that he belongs to Dean, that he left his girlfriend for him.
He hopes Sam and those hunters come fast, they may be dumb, but they’ll know if Dean procrastinates them.
"Poor animal," he whispered. He couldn't help reaching out and running his fingers lightly through the clean fur of its flank.
Seconds later he started to get dressed, wearing his jeans and then sitting on the bed to put his combat boots.
He grabbed his cock stroking it a little for relief but then he felt Dean’s lubed finger inside of him.
Especially now that Dean realized Castiel Novak, the blue-eyed dorky accountant with the prettiest eyes is his destinated mate, he knew long ago but never dared to tell Cas about it, he’ll probably freak out. He felt it immediately after coming to Cas’ life, the blue-eyed accountant’s scent confirmed it.
“Damn, bossy.” Dean chuckled between their kisses as he worked his jeans button, unzipping the zipper.
"So, Cas, tell me more about yourself..." Castiel snorted, taking a sip of his beer. It was cool and sweet it made him feel a little lightheaded.
Castiel felt his heart melting, the hoping sensation he had earlier was now replaced with pure assurance.
His heart always skipping when he saw those eyes, anger and possession feelings when Cas was hanging out with other guys, and goddamnit every time when Dean needed someone to talk to, he always called
Dean should be furious, Sam let Cas come to this madness, but he knows Cas choose this, Dean doesn’t know what to do, his vision is blurry as some mutants circle him, most of them were already dead.
Castiel froze, heart stopping for a second. All his happy vibe from earlier dying right away. He feels his throat drying incredibly quickly.
“Dean stay with me…” Cas whispered but even with his senses down he could feel the blue-eyed man’s voice panicked.
Castiel felt like he was in heaven. Dean always made him feel like that, the pleasure this man was giving him was out of this world. He couldn’t imagine anyone else doing this to him.
His green eyes were dead, yet so alive, and made a gorgeous contrast at his pale skin. Dean was standing in front of him looking scary and gorgeous as a sin. Wearing a dark red--
” he fell on his knees wrapping his arms around the large animal that was his boyfriend, Dean growled happily, nuzzling Castiel’s neck. The blue-eyed man smiled burring his face in the soft gold fur.
“Cas!” Dean shouted, his eyes suddenly wide open. He relaxed immediately when he saw blue eyes staring him with concern.
! Dean deserves so much better, He is not that kind of man to marry the wrong person. Cas is his best friend and he will be honest with Dean,
Both of them hissed a bit but it wasn't long before Castiel climbed up onto Dean's lap, settling his knees on either side of his waist and then wrapping them around it. He draped his arms over his husband's shoulders and drew him into another kiss, heated this time.
When he made his way towards the big stoned cell, with a flick of his thumb, the torches inside the cold dark area lighted up. Twenty men were chained, all striped from their weapons. It was a nice view, all those big men with muscles.
“How about the next time we’ll go to Hogsmeade I’ll take you to Madam Puddifoot's?” the green-eyed lad asked hopefully?
Cas placed softly and hesitantly his palms on Dean's stern, afraid Dean will suddenly pull away, but when he felt Dean's hands leaving his waist and closing on his own, the blue-eyed man licked into his mouth sweetly, trying to contain a soft moan.
Dean’s voice was steady. Cas listened to him with full focus, his lips partly open and eyes big and curious.
"Heya Cas," Dean calls smiling. Ben spots them too after seconds and lets go of Dean's hand running towards them.
"It's fine, baby, I'm here..." Castiel's heart clenching when Dean started whispering broken sorries into his ear.
Shutting his eyes hard, he was ready to feel his throat being ripped apart. If you told him this was the way he would die, Castiel would have laughed
Whoever did this should rot in hell, however, it was odd, if a hunter shot it, they should've probably taken the dying prey.
“C-Cas…” Castiel hears a mumbled sound as he opens slightly his eyes. The room is darker than before as he lifts his head from the mattress, the moonlight outside brightens the interior and his vision adjusts in the room.
Castiel almost growled like Dean when he grabbed Dean’s dick, which was thick and heavy. He started to jerk him off, lips still on each other, breathing heavily.
His cock was already wet with precum, there's no other man that could make him wet so fast like that, Dean was so, so hot and sexy and basically sex on legs. Castiel could come just by scenting him.
“We had a phone call earlier, anonymously…Well, obviously we all know who that could be. The omegas have Castiel’s little brother—don’t know how the hell they found him…”
Running to his car, Castiel locked himself inside, panic rising as his shaky hands moved to find something that could help him.
‘Let the boy go, you have me…” Dean spoke through his mind, he was getting impatient, as well these bastards, they already circled Dean, looking at him like a piece of pie.
The wolf's chest heaved in a damp, painful sounding breath, which it let out with a low whine, and then it went still again.
Before he took the place at one of New York's greatest firms, he ended his partnership with Crowly who was the Manhattan District Attorney whom Dean worked under as Assistant District Attorney before working at Singer Turner. That man had questionable ethics and was willing to engage in unlawful or illegal acts in order to have the accused incarcerated.
Dean turned to her, eyes dark, “I don’t care. They have an innocent person. As an Alpha, is my job to keep innocent people safe.”
Castiel stood awkwardly still starring at the handsome man, his eyes were the greenest he ever saw, it reminded him of green apples and meadows that just touched spring. He could see freckles that hugged his cheeks and
“Of course we love each other, we’re fucking best friends!” he growled harshly, he now understood this couple costume joke.
blasted on the speakers and Dean felt adventurous as he eyed Cas who eyed him back now looking concerned.
, can I call you later? I'm kinda in the middle of," Cas saw Dean's eyes turn red, his irises sparkling in a shiny crimson shade, "...
“Fuck, baby…” Dean groaned, leaning back on the bed, one hand to support his weight and the other to hold Castiel’s head gently.
Dean then rubbed his clothed cock on his own really slow, Castiel gasped as he felt himself twitching.
After they called their kids who groaned when they announced to them that they're leaving Castiel bent down at Hazel's side, putting himself level with Ben's and Claire's. "Hey, want to help me clip this on?" The kids held Hazel's collar loop steady while Castiel hooked the leash loop on, then he got up and smiled at Dean who returned the soft grin.
The green-eyed man didn’t need to hear it twice, he lowered his other hand unzipping Castiel’s pants, Castiel was so hard he noticed Dean grin looking at his crotch.
Cause if he waits to pay the bills and college expenses of his siblings with his current salary Castiel could laugh out loud.
Titling his head his eyes watched how the Alpha even being injured with bloody fur, he held with his teeth the other wolf making it shriek from pain as it tried to escape.
Castiel blushed but it did not reach his whole face, he still was nervous and so scared about his brother.
The rush of adrenaline was too strong to care about the danger. Castiel was about to kick the car door (Thank God he had casualty insurance) as the one wolf was scratching its nails to rip it apart, he tried to kick it with all of his strength and he did it, throwing the wolf at least meter away.
Their eyes met and Dean couldn't help but leave a shaky breath before smiling widely at his soon-to-be husband. Cas glanced at him and then the kids and his smile grew even more.
In Benny’s arms is curled a small redhead sniffing—Charlie. Next to them is Bobby, Dean’s uncle. When they notice him, Castiel feels a nervous shiver but manages to give them a weak smile.
Castiel’s heart fell watching Dean stare at him with those puppy eyes and sad pout. He blamed himself for falling into Lisa’s trap.
" he whispered into Dean's ear, then rocked up and bounced down on the green-eyed man's cock again, setting a punishing pace.
Dean stilled on top of him, and Castiel thought he kind of ruined the mood. But then the bigger man’s eyes were his werewolf red, looking at him with so much possession and arousal.
Dean's hands went to his belt buckle, and Castiel couldn't hold back anymore. He stepped forward and worked Dean's pants open himself. While he worked the zipper down, Dean tugged at Castiel's shirt. They danced through undressing each other, finding each other's mouths again when they were both clear of their shirts.
“Hope you do something about it…” Lisa gives him a small understanding smile as she presses her lips on his cheek.
Alcohol and sweat was the first thing Dean inhaled when they entered the frat party house. Oh, yeah and weed.
"I love you so much...Have I told you that already?" Dean's voice was soft and playful as he ran his fingers through his hair.
Castiel Novak, was handsome, with broad shoulders and thick thighs, his blue eyes and dark hair made him look like an angel.
“Dot texted me, Cas is ready, and Sam and Jess will meet us at the party.” She said glancing her phone screen. Dean just nodded; he was so curious to see Cas. They haven’t seen or talked today at all; Dot got him in the morning to go pick their costume made costumes.
“Are you eating?” he blurted concernedly, eyes searching for Cas’ soul, the smaller man didn’t know how to cook for shit. When they were dating Dean spoiled him with burgers and mac and cheese all the time, he was after all a double bacon cheeseburger expert.
“I’ll be alright, you know how to find me…” Dean said as he slipped into his forest green leather jacket. He was strong enough, his strength was charged, the Alpha energy was strong enough as it ran all over his veins.
They started chatting again about everything and nothing, what Cas' favorite AC/DC song was and how he became an accountant and generally the stupidest things, apparently, they were both such dorks.
Cas nodded, still having a confusing frown. After a few seconds of silence, Dean took it as a clue to continue. Cas looked curious and confused as hell after all.
“Yeah, but you can go!” Castiel raised his voice, his eyes swelled with tears, even then they didn’t roll down his eyes.
“Don’t worry we’ll take care of it, but we just need to go back to the bunker, Dean has a lot of shit to explain to you… Please don’t be afraid…we’re still the same people we were.
Dean winced when a slap of cold water hit him on the face, it was icy cold and made his shivering skin even more biting.
After Jody assured him they will take care of all this, he nodded and said goodbye. In the car, Sam was on the backseat with his brother wrapped around each other. Ha, he knew it something happened back then, little shit played dumb when Castiel asked him about Sam.
The beautiful green-eyed creature radiated a calm aura and Castiel felt the urge to offer a hand to sniff to the wolf. Realizing it’s not a dog he jerked his arm off.
He ran as quickly as he could, stumbling down to the wolf who protected him. The poor animal was breathing heavily, eyes back to their beautiful natural color.
The taller man was already in front of Cas, their chests touching as Dean still watched him with shiny red eyes. Cas felt relaxed when the werewolf placed his hands on his hips and leaned in.
Texas was one of the few states that had almost no entertainment services or even bars for Vamps. Generally, the Texian folk was still living in the middle ages. There was zero equality towards the Vampires.
He broke up with Dean, that night was the worst night of his life because of a fucking lie and a grown-up woman who wanted to involve one of the best humans alive to a baby scam?
After tough decisions, the pack decides Dean should go alone to get Gabriel, with one condition...If things get messy, they'll have to call an enemy to help them.
Castiel flipped the pork patty on the other side so it can grill and melt the frozenness of the package. Lifting his head, he's met with Anna's dark eyes.
This though was not normal. Wolves weren’t this large and definitely hadn’t glowed red or golden eyes.
"Mm..." Cas purred, he might be sore as hell but there's a warm spark encircling his chest, he pulled Dean impossibly closer. He buried his face in Dean's hair and breathed in deeply.
Dean gulped, Cas' voice was deep with emotion like he couldn't wait but still wanted it to be slow and long. He was not only going to make love to him, Dean will also make him feel loved, as nobody else did ever, cause no one will ever love Cas as he does.
His cheeks burned and he glared at his stupid but playful dog who wiggled her tail happily and innocently.
, when she hung out with his squad and brought that beefcake with her introducing him as her boyfriend Castiel could not take his eyes off him.
A warm fondness and safety wrapped around his chest. Suddenly being away from Dean felt like death, Cas always thought he will be alone, but Dean found him, and he never will let Cas
“I was their Alpha after that, when you kill another Alpha you get his place automatically, some wolfs were so loyal to Asmodeus they took their own path becoming omegas, mutant omegas…that sicko did experiments to some of them so their blood could be poisoned.
Suddenly the door opens, stream floats outside the bathroom. Cas gasped when a naked, wet man walks out.
When the wolf finished eating, Cas wiped his snout with a rug, caressing his head, running his fingers softly through the silky fur.
After getting up, washing, and dressing up for work, Castiel changes Alfie’s sandbox and sips him some dry cat food. Alfie does not look impressed but eats it anyway.
Giving him a last hungry kiss which left Castiel to hunt for more, the green-eyed man took his keys out of his pocket and started to unlock the apartment's door. Only a few seconds passed before he and Dean were fighting to undress.
Castiel almost whines as the warm heat of Dean leaves his naked body, he walks towards the cellphone which is placed on the Alpha’s desk.
, I'll give you a blowie-" Cas shushed him flustered bringing his fingers to Dean's lips, he blushed for the 100th time tonight but smiled softly and leaned towards him, giving him a small peck on the cheek. Suddenly they were alone and the crowd was minding it's own business now, their friends heading to the bar too.
Cas thanked the gods or probably the long hours he ran and worked out for the strength he was given to lift the hurt animal which painfully breathed and cried, its mouth falling open in a stressy pant.
abruptly everything in him surrendered. He wanted to touch Castiel as much as Castiel touched him with his teasing slow brushes.
He frowns shocked. Another wolf, larger than the previous was watching him, its red glowing eyes so deep as it was glaring with growling teeth at the smaller black one.
Growling he got up with weak knees and pushed himself forward to attack the Pharaoh. The king just grinned like a cat. Making his hands fists, he growled once again like an animal and threw himself to the young Emperor. As gorgeous and erotic he was, he messed with the wrong Barbarian.
Everything was blurry for Castiel, his back hurt like a devil. He didn’t even want to be here, why he is the one getting a hit.
With his hand on Dean's face, Cas leaned and pressed his lips to Dean's, he couldn't help it anymore, the desire was too strong. The blue-eyed man never imagined this adulation towards someone. Especially, someone, he knew for a couple of minutes.
, he had some one night stands here and there but nothing more, all the guys wanted him for a quick fuck, well except one who was a little obsessed with him,
“It’s not like you haven’t seen it before…” Dean murmured, searching for some boxers, Cas just snorted embarrassed.
Dean’s fists clenched when his eyes trailed on Balthazar’s arms which now were on Cas’ hips pulling him closer.
“Man, sorry for not answering to your phone calls, Dean forbid it, ya know? We needed to keep you safe!” Charlie started blurting every apology ever and Castiel’s heart melted.
is Cas flirting with that British asshole, he himself said that he was annoying and far too bigheaded.
." Dean said and led Castiel into a small bedroom with a queen-sized bed. Dean then grabbed his face with both hands and drew him in for a filthy kiss full of promise, his still boxer-clothed cock rocking against his own.
. He turned to the guys who looked at him in excitement. Balth grinning again like a fucking Cheshire cat.
Dean gave him a gorgeous smirk and got up, it only took seconds and Dean pulled his slacks quickly, his black briefs were stretched around his erect cock which was now so big that peeked out of the waistband. Cas' mouth watered.
Dean shook his head and smiled at the sexy guy, damn it's been long since he found a handsome-looking man, usually he enjoyed chicks, and very rarely men, as the most were not so attractive to him, but this one.
Her dark brown eyes darkening even more almost black looked at him with pure hatred Cas couldn't even explain from what.
A needy moan escapes his lips when he hears Dean growl, his rock-hard bulge brushing with Castiel’s.
Castiel couldn’t even see straight, he’s sure he would crash the car falling asleep on the wheel if he went to grab something to eat.
“Sorry, I gotta go…” he didn’t care what she would say, he just got out of the kitchen as fast as he could, eyes searching for Cas.
“I feel like we need to talk about all this…” he chuckled breathlessly when Cas lowered a hand into his hard crotch bulge.
Dean felt his heart clench a bit, he wished his angel was here so he could kiss him and guarantee him that he was bringing Gabriel home.
However, Dean appeared intent on taking his time. He dropped his slick hand between them and started stroking Castiel's cock, sending shivers of excitement down his spine.
Dean—as the song said—swayed him, holding him close and Cas relaxed immediately, the slightly taller man smelled amazing, he found himself leaning closer.
"Cas?" Dean whispers still not believing it. His best friend could just walk in with the copy keys he gave him 3 years ago.
Dean looked even more gorgeous closer, those shoulders were even broader. Cas gulped, his social skills leaving him as they hide somewhere he'll be not able to find.
He grinned victoriously, smile hidden behind Meg’s thick black waves, when he noticed Dean gulping and gazing him hungrily, lips part open, lust drawn all over his face, his girlfriend long forgotten.
"Awesome, tell him, his uncle misses him, I'll try to visit as soon as possible, anyway, how are you? How's the auto shop?"
When he woke up hearing his annoying phone alarm, Castiel groaned tiredly, he needed more sleep, 5 hours were not enough.
What the hell was he thinking? Dean could never agree. He was the captain! He was everything. Castiel was literally the gay kid who was bullied 2 years ago. A nothing,
, he tasted so good. parting his lips, he let their tongues slipping in together. It felt like Heaven, so warm, so soft, and yet so hard. Dean was kissing like he was trying to prove everything Cas said was important to him.
A black wolf was now standing outside his car, growling hungrily, teeth sharp, its gold eyes almost black. Castiel was about to
the man was an event planner so it was probably easy for him, but he's still grateful, if it wasn't for him this place wouldn't even be a choice as they both couldn't even afford it.
Dean sighed for what felt like the millionth time today and closed his face with his palms. He'll need a lot of coffee.
"Dean..." he whispered,  all the warmth and affection he felt for the wolf was spilling over onto Dean so easily.
Some sitting on the big map desk, searching for something, books spread out everywhere, the blue-eyed man recognized Bobby, oh, and the lady—
Cas coughed awkwardly blushing even more, “Um, maybe you should wear something…” his tone was playful.
Cas' heart melted at Dean's protectiveness, hope and love filled his chest as he gulped one last time... This was it,
Even though this choice, this big mistake he was about to make didn't make any sense, Sure she was pretty but they fought a lot, she was jealous of his and Dean's friendship and Cas thinks she cheated on his poor best- friend once (he doesn't have proof though.)
Dean gave him a small smile, "Of course I do, why do you think I came out as bi? When I saw you I couldn't take my eyes off you, you're beautiful Cas... The reason I didn't make a move was because I thought you liked Balth...An angry Charlie came to me not long ago to ask what I said to you for you to run...then she said you like me." the green-eyed teen admitted.
“I took a DNA test, a fucking zero percent!” Dean’s hand suddenly was holding his chin, lifting his face up.
“Cas, hey man…” Sam immediately got up and Castiel smiled affectionately at him, Dean’s younger brother was even taller now as he hugged Cas in a bear hug.
Before he could rev up a dark figure shows on his window. Castiel screams when he glances at the man-
Dean didn't need to be told twice, he spread some more lube over his throbbing cock and pressed into Castiel's ass. They both groaned in sync, the green-eyed man did not lose time to press their lips into a heated sloppy kiss.
He quickly takes Dean’s boots out off his feet and then pushes himself closer between Dean’s legs, he takes off the belt and then with quick motions undoes his zipper.
It was hard, being alone. He missed his brother and sister so much, it felt like an eternity not being with them, the apartment big and empty without Gabriel’s loud presence or Anna’s relaxing aura.  At least they call him almost every day, telling him their news. He still cannot believe they are in college.
“Hey, sweetheart.” Castiel gave him a tired smile as he picked the golden furred cat into his chest.
He took Dean’s hand which was wrapped around him, bringing his knuckles to his lips and kissing them softly before placing his own hand on top of them.
He glanced to his left where Ben and Claire stood giving him toothy smiles. He bend down so he would be their height, they were already grown so much, both of them being now 8 years-old, Ben dressed in a white mini suit and Claire with a long white flower dress. They looked adorable and he couldn't believe they were his and Cas' kids.
“That’s why we always stayed in motels and you avoided bringing me to your place…” Cas realized, mostly talking to himself.
Cas kissed him again deeply and so, so much filthier, licking Dean's mouth like it was the best dessert. It didn't take long before he palmed Dean's cock, stroking the thick length.
Cheers and laughs surround him, Charlie recording him with her phone and Sam with Benny losing their voices by laughing so hard.
“Gabriel?” Sam said concerned, face suddenly pale. Castiel smiled a bit, Sam had a weakness for the short blonde brother. Gabriel still has a crush on Sam too.
He didn't need this heartbreaking information, it was too much.  He couldn't perform under this pain. Did Dean do that on purpose? Who sends a text like that before someone's big night? Castiel felt numb thinking about his husband.
After Cas placed the turkey in a bowl along with a bowl of water in front of the wolf, he smeared some tepid water on the wolf's dry, cracked nose, and when he opened his mouth and lolled his tongue out, Cas poured a little on there too. The wolf lapped once, then again, and then almost the whole bowl of water was empty.
Adjusting his eye vision, he growled frustrated when he realized he was chained up on his hands and legs, making it very difficult for him to move. The dark dudgeon was slightly lighting by a weak torch somewhere in the background. It was quiet, no guard outside the cell door.
, at least Cas still is. But the anger and the hurt make him hate every single inch of that piece of garbage he called a husband, especially today.
The green-eyed barbarian opened his eyes once again in this damn nightmare, this time he wasn't in that underground cell. Dean looked around at what seemed to be a large Egyptian court. It was structured of high walls which were topped with towers that were decorated with a rich cornice. A weird aura and energy were circled around this space.
Dean didn’t say anything—like he always did when he finished in Castiel—and walked towards the bathroom, flexing his muscles. After closing the door behind him Castiel closed his face with his palms letting out a shaky breath.
Dean felt anger boiling inside his body, not anger at Charlie but at himself who was so obvious with his feelings. That’s why Cas was awkward around him, maybe he noticed.
The green-eyed man kept stroking him as he was pressing his warm plumb lips in every corner of Castiel’s face. Left eye, right eye, nose, cheek, chin, jawline, anywhere but his lips.
He got out slowly, careful not to make any sudden moves. Castiel was shaking, but the adrenaline was screaming to him to move closer.
year on majoring engineering at their frat parties following that girl—Lena? Linda? —he didn’t even remember her name. She was Charlie’s friend and apparently, she was a model.
Castiel almost blurted ‘fuck me’ when Dean fell on top of him, arms wrapping around his waist and legs spreading wide so the green-eyed man could fit between them. He almost growled when Dean started grinding their hard erections together in a slow rhythm.
"Okay, daddy!" Ben gave him a toothy smile, his first two tooths were still missing and he looked freaking adorable, Dean's heart melted.
"You didn't text me that?" Castiel's voice was so small, the tears and the realization rolling down his whole body.
The wolf undressed Cas in a supernatural speed, he was naked and gasping Dean's name like a drug he was addicted to. The green-eyed man didn't lose time to start kissing Cas' naked body.
Dean just ignored, his eyes and mind were elsewhere. A pang of jealousy shivered in all his body as he watched with a tight jaw Cas and Balthazar giggling together and generally being very close.
. He already could imagine John Winchester calling the security on him. He always didn't like Cas, ever since he and Dean were in high school.
The creature opens the door, hissing and growling angrily, its nails long scratching his leather seats.
He was supposed to be here two hours ago, as he has a load of shit meetings and a freaking trial in at least one hour, but he slept like hell. The fact that he still couldn't get up to the 46th floor and face a very specific person is definitely not why he's late.
Castiel then lifted his glance at the green-eyed man who was still stunned, then he looked at the boy, the two of them looked so much alike.
He might be still fully in love with Dean and miss the shit out of him, but he finally started to move on...
He lifted himself and started to run back to his car, his legs felt like jelly and his knees were ready to fail him.
Cas felt Dean pulling him closer. " I love you too stupid, sorry for realizing too late, sorry for pushing my feeling away from you... I can't believe it took me so many years to realize the person I needed the most was so close to me already..."
Castiel started sucking greedily, cheeks hollowing as he heard Dean crying in pleasure. He swallowed Dean’s thick length so deep and he is so thankful for not having a gag reflex.
Minutes later, after Castiel was a whimpering mess Dean finally took mercy on him and slicked his cock with a condom and lube.
Turning around, Dean met the bluest eyes ever. The man in front of him was gorgeous--even if he looked panicked--his hair was dark and messy and he wore a size bigger black trenchcoat. He looked like he was in Dean's age, with a dark  9 o'clock shadow decorating his jaw.
Dean smiled softly and climbed into the bed, into Castiel's arms, burying his face in his neck and wrapping his arms around him tightly. Castiel relaxed instantly at Dean's solid weight, and comforting scent he so much loved.
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows in confusion, what exactly Dean meant? A few moments later they were already in the big bunker hall. A few members of his Alpha’s pack were there.
Suddenly everything stops. He lifts his eyes to finally look at his blue-eyed angel. Cas' lips are parted from the surprise and his eyes looked glassier than ever.
..." Dean kissed him down into a soft, warm kiss, gentle and full of promise and hunger. Cas moaned tiredly, lazily wrapping his arms around Dean's neck.
After throwing the paper wrap of his gluten-free bagel, Dean fixed his tie and entered the Law firm.
“Cas, first of all, it’s dangerous as hell, and Dean said he’ll kill me if I let you get out of this bunker.”
Castiel's heart was beating fast, like really fast. His hands started to sweat. Oh god, he was really doing this? He was practically no one. And Dean was everything.
..." Dean said so quietly it almost sounded like a whisper, "Apparently I tried to convince myself how fucked up I am, and how I don't deserve the most amazing human being ever."
His consciousness started screaming on the back of his mind. Castiel's heart clenched. Dean’s here to check if he were okay, everyone could do that. Well, except Luke Vaught from Slytherin, that lad was
Charlie’s features soften as she frowns. Damn it, why does Dean have to cry? Can't he be a normal man and not cry? He thanks the gods that no ones’ here except Charlie.
Dean's cock rammed against Cas' prostate with every thrust, and it wasn't long before he was coming inside him. The green-eyed man's hips stuttered and he braced his feet against the floor pressing deep into Cas.
He silently thanked his mother, shutting his eyes, Castiel didn’t feel his body. Everything hurt and—oh god,
. Leave the boy alone or I swear to God, I kill every single one of you.” The growl made Castiel wince, his heart almost ripped out of his chest.
The blue-eyed man started to set a rhythm, bobbing down, sucking hard, then sliding back up again until his nose was buried in Dean's golden brown curls.
, he, Cas, Ben, and Claire would be now a complete family, not that they weren't before, but now it would be legal. It still felt like yesterday when they met at the park, their first date, their first time,
If Castiel hadn't tutored Sam on an art project, for one of his High School courses last year, he would never have met Dean, or some of his best friends today.
Cas frowned as his eyes fell onto the taller man's ribcage, it was wounded. Like--like a bullet was there earlier. And those
Regretting coming here from Rome, Dean spat some swears hating this position, being captured and helpless. He Dean of the Winchester leader of the Franks, barbarian, and one of the most dangerous men in the world was dying from a headache and was unknowingly somewhere the sun didn't even shine.
Castiel copied his movement and turned around to exit, suddenly the air between them was tight and the tension too thick.
Castiel moved once again into his space, bronze body glimmering at the dark lightning, Dean only now realized they were alone. There was no one, not even one guard, not even one servant. Castiel's throne room was empty.
Cas' lip disappeared between his teeth, as he put his hands behind his head, moaning groaning as he watched Dean thrusting into him fast and deep as his cock was hard and leaking,
Dean also was extremely handsome with forest green eyes and beautiful gold freckles all over his face, broad shoulders, and a charming smile that made every girl and guy have heart-eyes.
Dean looked around, he was in his room at the bunker, body sweaty, his wounds almost healed up in the bandage around his rib.
"I'm in love with you...Have been since Sam brought you to our group and I-I want you to be my boyfriend and p-please don't date him," Dean couldn't stop his words and then he pointed to Noah who looked stunned and confused.
Look at him, looking so smug and smiling like an idiot, with those plush pink lips that Dean would love having them around his--
Before he could fill another glass of expensive whiskey, the door knocks. Puzzled Dean frozes, it's past midnight, and he doesn't expect anyone.
It growled angrily as from the road started appearing at least 5 big jeeps. Dean felt them about 5 minutes but tried to keep his wolf form calm, so they won’t suspect anything.
"Yes of course..."He flicked his eyes on Dean, he was smiling softly at him, eyes crinkled at the corners. "Thank you," Castiel added. "Thank you for taking me out."
They stayed like this for almost an hour, lazily making out and smiling like idiots at each other. Dean wrapped him in his arms, and it was all too easy for Castiel to fall asleep.
Seconds later they were gone, and it was just him and Dean, not even madam Pomfrey. Castiel blushed cause Dean still looked at him with those sparkly green-gold eyes.
“He loves reading, he’s such a great kid, super kind. He adores Dean and Sam; Dean takes him for fishing almost every Saturday.”
Undressing was chaotic, confused mess of hands and mouths and buttons and zippers. It was a great sensation, having Cas under him this way. His cock strained up when Cas' grasping fingers hooked in the band of his underwear and peeled it off.
Dean couldn’t blame him, running back to your ex, as a wolf, and being chased by angry omegas who wanted revenge for their old alpha who Dean killed was not an everyday evening for him.
The wolf unexpectedly perked its ears, his muzzle morphing into an angry hiss with sharp teeth showing, eyes once again turning red shiny rings.
The boy was adorable and looked so much like his dad, Castiel raised his eyes and met once again those green ones.
"I'm sorry! Sorry!" But the wolf wouldn't be stilled. His legs pinwheeled, and Cas gave a final twist and tug as the wolf teetered up and curled around himself, panting heavily.
"Fuck..." Dean growled as he licked stripes between his ass cheeks, Castiel hummed happily continuing sucking Dean's cock hard, hollowing his cheeks and leaking the length from the top to the bottom.
Dean's breath hitched when the king was behind him, wrapping his smooth and wiry arms around his chest. The barbarian tried to breathe slowly but feeling the warm body of this man was making him feel sensual things.
Dean tried to push that feeling away, he thought Cas was family, his brother, but he means more than that. No wonder he chose to be with Carmen, he needed to forget about his feelings that haunted him for so many years.
The green-eyed man smirked and winked at his best friend. It's probably the 6 bottles of beer he had acting, cause in clear mind he would suffer silently and get the fuck out of here before punching that bastard who flirted HIS Cas, although now he feels peachy, super flowy, and considering expressing to Cas how hard he makes him, how he also makes his heart swell and fly a thousand miles away, and
He suddenly felt frustrated and angry. Not with Lisa but himself. He left Dean and erased him from his mind for all this to happen.
Leaving a last small peck on Cas' lips, Dean pulled away a little, but not much. Their foreheads touching as they panted on each other's lips.
Dean shifted and took hold of Cas' face with both hands, "I was hoping to bring you home with me, you could meet my brother and stepdad, my friends too! But obviously, you can't just leave your home, your life... and I understand if you--"
Castiel moaned loudly wrapping his arms around Dean and mouthing his broad shoulder, Dean's naked skin smelled incredible and he felt drunk. Then they kissed, eager and heated for a long time before Castiel pulled back. He pushed Dean on the bed and dropped to his knees.
The blue-eyed man braced himself and put it all on the line. "I wanna be with you Dean, you make me happy, please don't take it away from me... Do you want me?"
Dean cleared that he didn’t do relationships and he didn’t make love. He always avoided the subject, like it was a fire. Castiel wasn’t surprised, Dean had only two emotions—at least he only showed those—
Castiel snorted and tightened his arms around Dean's hips leaning on his bare shoulder, it smelled sun-screen and Dean's pure musk,
Unwillingly, Dean gritted his teeth, his vision red and his blood boiling inside his veins, he stood slowly, fists tightening.
Dean drew his eyes down the small aisle. Little bundles of flowers decorated the end of each of the few pews. Soft strains of string music floated through the garden. Dean smiled looking around, this place was amazing. So much greenery and
“I wanted to ask you out for a very long time…” the captain admitted kneeling, so he was in the same height as Castiel, hands resting on his mattress.
Castiel's face morphed into pure bliss, as he came on Dean, stripes of white painting his chest and stomach. Still gasping from the pleasure he licked into Dean's welcoming mouth.
Panting slower now he lifted his head to notice that the king was now towering over him, his thick thighs peeking from the cut of the transparent silk linen. Dean felt disgusted with himself. Why he suddenly felt lust circle him instead of revenge?
Pulling his blanket over him and curling into his pillow that smelled like Dean, ‘Cas’ let out his tears. Sobbing softly, he choked one word.
Sam's eyes widen identically as his own, it was almost comical if Dean's heart wouldn't beat like it was ready to break out of his chest.
Castiel sighed, rolling his eyes in annoyance he dropped the pencil. Grabbing his phone which was next to him, the blue-eyed man stood up from his desk and walked towards his CD player to mute it and focus on the caller.
“That’s Jack, Dean found him 3 months ago, his parents are dead, Asmodeus killed them,” Charlie said bitterly, her eyes following his own.
Castiel pulls away for a second and smirks when Dean chases his lips like a hungry dog. Playfully he pecks him, once, twice, and then Dean has enough. He grabs his chin with one hand and pulls him in, kissing more fiercely.
“Thank you.” He whispered and stormed to the elevator to go to the second floor where the man of his life was.
Castiel laughed feeling his panicky mode disappearing a bit. He hugged Benny as the other man patted his back softly. Wait, if he’s here that means—.
Dean avoided Cas’ blue eyes, he was staring on his lap, playing with a thread sticking out of the fabric of his sweatpants. This part was always hard. He didn’t want to remember it.
“Mmhmhm…” Dean mumbles between kisses, God, he missed the taste of him so badly, Dean's lips were dry but still so amazing ,the way he sucks his bottom lip and fuck—
It didn't take long before he sat on his desk and Cas came in quickstep, Dean didn't lift his eyes to meet Cas'.
Castiel took a breath and climbed off Dean, he turned to face him and lied next to him. Dean smiled at him and pulled him into his chest, Castiel buried himself in the warmness of Dean and wrapped his arm around his panting stomach.
Cas... I waited for you so long..."Dean growled deep in his throat and met again Cas for a searing kiss.
“This way…” Sam nodded in the left direction of the crossroad, where drops of blood were staining the rocky ground. Castiel froze as cold sweat ran through his spine.
He felt tears threaten to roll down his eyes. And okay Castiel was very sensitive, and he cried quite easily, always having his hopes crushed.
Dean stopped for a second and then pulled Cas even closer, licking into his mouth. Cas tightened his grip on Dean's hips.
“Guys? Can I have your attention?” Dean leaned to the big map desk behind him. The other pack members gathered around him, Ellen giving him a friendly pat, Jo ignored him though like always.
...make me wanna feel things, I can't stand it when you're not with me...For the past one and half months,
Dean pushed him a little as they started walking towards the king-size bed, Castiel stepping back as Dean led him to the bed.
Castiel crawled on Dean, his cock heavenly hard and wet inside his boxer-briefs as he brushed against the green-eyed man. It didn't take long before Dean wrapped his fingers on his cock inside the boxers, his thump tracing the wet slit.
"Like what you see Cas?" Dean asked grinning smugly. Castiel rolled his eyes and pulled his blue t-shirt in quick moves. Not as sexy as Dean but
"That’s lovely," Castiel hummed and then darted forward and licked across Dean's panting mouth, which he closed immediately to kiss the king, Castiel then bent down and bit his earlobe.
, that weird red-head, she was pretty in a very witchy way, Sammy was head over heels for her, said she's smart and sassy and so, so foxy.
He needs the blue-eyed angel for him and only him. But he’s a fuck up case. He doesn’t know how to be a boyfriend; he isn’t fucking romantic.
“Cas, buddy calm down!” Sam blocked Castiel’s way as he wanted to go after his idiot of a boyfriend. He’ll probably cause more problems if he went alone, they could find him and rip him apart, Dean will kill him if that happens.
He turned once again and met those gorgeous eyes. Dean looked at him so intensely he swore he blushed like a teenage girl.
Cas left with him as he was also one of the reasons that convinced Dean to exit. Both not being colleagues anymore they broke their rule and slept together, it was one of the best nights in Dean's life.
But if there are beasts like the poisonous mutants somewhere in the world, Castiel is ready to train and hunt them.
His eyes watered but he wouldn't cry and mess his black underliner, it hurt yes, and he wanted to scream in frustration, rage, and pain but he couldn't disappoint his fans. He worked hard to be here.
Gazing at each other and flirting a bit, Castiel didn't realize when the waitress/Jo had walked up to their table, they both tipped back, Jo smirked as she asked what they'll have.
" Dean closed his eyes as he imagined Cas and only Cas. Putting his hand on his chest he started dancing.
Both breathing hard, they looked at each other and Castiel felt so warm. Dean fucked him so good. Pulling away felt like a sin right now.
The blue-eyed man stills when he sees the anonymous caller ID. No one has ever called him anonymously, his heart starting beat a bit faster.
Sipping some beer, Dean was checking his boy who still hadn't left his toy car, clutching it as he chased Jack and the blonde girl. Taking his phone out, he snapped a picture, sending it to Sammy, he wrote
..." Dean's strong arms wrapped around his waist tightly as his own leaking dick rubbed against the older man's stomach.
"How dare you, all this time you didn't care, but now you act like you do, even behind my back... You thought I didn't realize what was going on?" Cas exclaims, his deep voice full with emotion.
He still couldn't believe Charlie's boss, CEO of 'Winchester Enterprises' was at her Engagement party, and what the hell?
If this will be repeated again tomorrow, he has to grab a lunch and a dinner from the restaurant across his Company.
Cas didn't have to say anything more. Dean slid his fingers in his angel's hand, intertwining them with his, and finally pressed forward, sliding into Cas' welcoming heat.
Two hunters were dead though, Jody the leader, smiled at him after he threw his gun in the trunk, and said he was born to do this, Castiel felt a bit awkward but smiled, his wolfs were the best, and he knew they’ll never hurt anyone, Dean will make sure anyway.
“Yes,” Castiel said in a heartbeat, this all may new and quick, but it’s his fight too, He just found Dean,
Charlie steps quickly close, running her hands onto Dean’s shoulders looking confused and panicked. Dean doesn’t blame her, she never seen him like this before.
"Shudup..."Tracing his fingers onto Dean's stomach, Castiel realizes this is the first time they are cuddling and something warm and pleasant blossoms into his chest.
With a last kiss, Dean's pulling away from him, the sudden warm sensation left him cold and he almost frowned.
Cas smiled sadly when he tapped the white snowy head of the snowman he made. He had just completed decorating it, carrots, sticks and some old ratty hat and scarf...and stuff.
I need you…” he mumbled between kisses, tightening his grip around Dean’s neck, pulling him closer—if that was even possible—and moaning breathlessly as the thick fingers left his cock and went lower and lower.
Dean noticed some college girls looking at them giggling and biting their lips, he could have sworn he heard
"What the hell?" he whispered sensing terror for the first time in his life. Looking at this man was making him feel paralyzed, he couldn't move any muscle on his body. He's pretty sure his wide eyes couldn't even blink. Trying to scream, the white light flushed even more energetic.
Everything inside Castiel stopped working. He literally thought he was paralyzed. Suddenly messing the wedding felt like a really bad idea...What about the aftermath?
Castiel scratched his ear and nuzzled his small head, giving a kiss on top of it. The cat purred adoringly closing his eyes.
And never will be. Cause Dean isn’t boyfriend material, he’s fucked up and Cas deserves someone better. Not that Dean cares. He and Cas are just fuck-buddies,
After he called Annael to collect Dean towards his chambers, Castiel went towards the secret underground catacombs where the prisoner's cell was.
Moving once again closer, he finally noticed, that the wolf has been shot in the ribs, blood trailing over the white snow, turning it into pink.
He still cannot forgive himself for letting himself so close to Castiel, he knew he’ll break his innocent heart, Cas didn’t deserve that.
Castiel, shook his head, "Please come here and hold me..." the blue-eyed man whispered hoarsely opening his arms.
Dean moved over so Cas could sit next to him, he heard Bobby sigh, the older man hated when strangers were in their secret bunker.
Cas sighed smiling, "I'm an accountant, and not to brag but I slay in economics and numbers, I'm one of the best." He said proudly and a little playfully. His heart melting when Dean laughed sweetly at him.
"Dad! Dad! Can we play with Hazel?" his daughter clutched his arm and bounced excitedly, the other boy which Claire played in the last hour was looking at him with big dark eyes too.
The bar-restaurant was as nice as he expected. Castiel stopped just inside the door and looked around at the nice, cozy western-like decor.
Obviously, he was into Castiel, they talked, and he flirted so hard with the dirty blonde stud, seeing him blush and lose his words when Castiel complimented him—always when his girlfriend was not looking, he had some dignity for
, boy..." Cas' heart clenched for making the animal hurt so much, but he finally got it out, it could catch an infection, also the bullet is so damn heavy...and very
Dean pulled him into his chest and locked their lips together, Castiel moaned spreading his fingers out to cup Dean's jaw, drawing a line of kisses from Dean's lips, along his chin, and down to his neck.
t-together..." Dean growled whispering softly, it was like he was restraining himself. The thing was...He was
“Sam’s right, I’m going alone, and you won’t stop me,” Dean said determined, he felt his eyes radiating with red Alpha energy, showing to the others his dominant position, that no one could stop him.
Before Castiel could feel the death, another loud growl comes from behind. He shuts his eyes harder—
"Done for the night?" Dean smirked, his wolfish and confident persona returning back after a bad and tiresome day. Cas smiled back, "Well, my boss is quite a pain in the ass, making me work late..."
, his age the last 46 years. He had long hair and green eyes, he was big with hard muscles and looked quite familiar.
His blue-eyed angel was running, he was pointing a gun, shooting like a real fucking hunter every bastard he had on one feet distance.
Then it hit Cas. The poor animal ran away with all of its courage, to not be a foot rag. It had escaped for its life.
, yes..."Castiel rocked back on Dean's fingers and felt a bead of pre-come form on the head of his cock.
“Baby...mmm.” he feels Dean’s hand on the back of his neck pushing him even closer to him, seconds later his lips were on his jaw, and then cheek and then chin, he kissed him everywhere making Castiel giggle.
Before Cas could lick a long strap on the balls, Dean grabbed him by the shoulders and pressed his lips on Cas', the blue-eyed man immediately kissed back wrapping his arms around Dean's neck.
Cas choked with his own split, heart blasting inside his chest, how the hell does she know that? He starts to shake a bit.
"Make any funny move and I'll melt your brain without you even noticing it..." the king whispered seductively the threat, hot breath hitting his ear.
"Well, I grew up here and I can say you gonna love the place, you and your wife will definitely fit in, people here are nice," Dean gave him a side smirk.
“Dean, what the hell are you doing?” Cas says trying to release his arm from his grip. Dean’s grip only tightens as they cross the living room to go upstairs.
Castiel cries happily wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck and placing his legs on each side of Dean.
He turned around and met the Alpha’s green orbs looking at him concernedly, his big palm placing on his bicep.
Letting out a foggy breath, the blue-eyed man decided to head inside the cabin. Maybe the wolf isn't far away, he could catch him with his truck and take proper care of the wounded animal.
Seconds later he heard a loud sigh, Castiel turned around and gasped dreadfully as blood started pooling even more from the bigger creature.
“Hey, I left you some hot water if you want to take a shower.” Dean winked, smiling unbothered at Castiel.
Castiel woke when he heard whispers all over him. He slowly opened his eyes, his head hurt a bit but his back burned.
After 10 minutes, he was in a conversation with Balth, Jo, and Benny, they laughed as Cas was telling them how mad Zachariah was when he ate the last piece of cake leftovers at the office he worked.
were safe, yet he didn't know if he could trust this man. Maybe he killed them, maybe he'll kill him too, the blue-eyed man had something mischievous in him.
His last hook-up was 6 months ago, and yes the girl was nice and hot but when she heard Dean had a son she blocked his number and didn't return his calls.
The blue-eyed man was led to the soft fabric, Dean hovering over him with the warmest and hottest (literally) body.
They were in Charlie’s and Dot’s dorm, Cas was in theirs getting ready himself, Dot helping him too, apparently, the girls wanted to be a surprise, Cas’ probably Wonder Woman, he loved the movie so much he talked about it 2 months.
They hit it off immediately, Castiel being an open flirt and pushing his way into Dean's heart the best possible way, with his quick and smart comebacks and that confident attitude.
Castiel almost collapsed, he took a shaky breath and nodded, he stood strong and took place on the lift that would elevate him to one of the biggest stage arenas of the UK.
The green-eyed man was shocked, did Cas just checked him out? He is about to say something, but Charlie beat him up to it.
After pushing two and then three slick fingers, Cas was a whimpering mess, he tugged Dean into a kiss, cupping the back of his head, then dropped his fingers to his neck, scratching the short hairs.
Splashing into the water Dean took off his Versace sunglasses and threw them somewhere close to their stuff. Castiel chuckled and wrapped his arms around Dean's torso, he almost groaned at how warm and soft Dean's skin was and how contrast it did with the cold water on their feet.
"Okay, thanks Cas..." Sam let out a shaky breath, Castiel's heart clenching in pain as he heard Dean's cries of
It was a hobbit, yet he couldn't help but enjoy the cold breeze hitting his face, Cas tried to tire himself to forget the nightmares, however, as much as he tried the misery was still permanent in a piece of his heart.
“I should have ended things with you after I found myself catching real fucking feelings for you…” He hiccups, choking on his sob. Bringing a hand up to his face, Cas swipes at the tears streaming down his cheeks.
“Can we trust them?” Benny asked suspiciously glancing at Sam in the front seat, Sam looked at him, his jaw was tight. Bobby’s eyes were shining next to him in rage, the clear gold of the beta energy show.
“Why aren’t you mad? Why aren’t you gone?” Dean blurted, he knew he told Cas to come with him, but why he still acted so caring towards Dean? After all Dean put him through?
"Oh, are you sure? It looked like you wanted to ask me something...sorry about Lisa, that chick always jumps." Dean chuckled softly, eyes searching Castiel.
Dean can help himself but lean closer to the blue-eyed man, their noses almost touching. He can feel Cas’ body stiffen and breath hitching immediately.
For an unbelievable reason, Cas doesn't get pulled off from the road or has any police vehicles chasing him for speeding the hell out to come here in a few minutes.
," Castiel gasped. He rolled his hips forward as his cock started taking interest rubbing up against the firm, unyielding line of Dean's thigh.
“I only dated Meg to forget about my feelings for you…” Castiel admitted blushing when Dean’s hands roamed the expense of his waist.
Dean could pass out. Something in his gut told him that he's making a big mistake. He doesn't love her. He doesn't want to be around her all the time.
He is not going to that. He will not keep that damn secret anymore! Cas wouldn't be able to forgive himself if he won't tell Dean how he felt.
Suddenly sleep and relaxation was not very important to him. Lust and adrenaline ran through his veins as he was ready to surround himself like a bitch in heat to Dean. Which felt kind of familiar.
After almost two in the morning, Castiel exhaled, took off his apron, and wiped his sweaty forehead with the back of his palm.
Michael was extra bitch today making him work late than usual because he was so freaking irresponsible as a boss and apparently knowing a little about his job than he should.
"Oh shit, baby, you feel so damn good but if you don't stop I'm gonna come," Dean said in a rough whisper.
"Uh, Dean this is Chris..." Cas' voice is small when he introduces his date, who apparently couldn't wait for him at the lobby of the building.
"How are you handsome?" Dean asked, his arm still around his shoulders, his smile shifting into a cheeky smirk.
Castiel drops those heartbreaking thoughts on the back of his head and puts his blunt mask. As he gets out of the car, he takes a deep breath.
Carmen was smiling tightly as she entered his apartment—without him inviting her. Castiel winced when she bypassed him hitting his shoulder.
"I was twenty-eight and Ben almost 12 weeks old when Lisa left him on my doorstep, at the beginning I didn't want to do anything about it, the idea of having a kid was not in my plans. But she just left him there and disappeared like she didn't care. It only took one look at him, and I was in love and wanted him, wanted to protect him and love him with all my heart. I knew he was mine but my brother still insisted to take a test. It was 100% correct." Dean sighed, and Castiel reached out and took his hand.
Bobby pulls him into a hug and Castiel missed the older man so much, as much as Charlie and Benny, they all been like family to Castiel.
He looked gorgeous, clean-shaven with messy hair and eyes sparkling from a mile. He was holding a single red rose and smiled shyly as he walked through the aisle, his mom, Balthazar, and Charlie were already tearing up and Dean felt himself emotional too.
“Sir, maybe we need to speed it up more…” Cas said weakly, his fingers brushing on Dean’s jaw calmly.
Cas let out a shaky sigh, his knees weakening as he fell on the floor. Hugging his legs, the blue-eyed man leaned his head back to the wall, then his phone started to ring.
sucked Cas' nipple into his mouth, flicked his tongue against it before pulling away. Cas gasped for the millionth time.
His heart now clenched painfully, guests were already gathering and the ceremony was about to start, Cas was nowhere to be found.
"You come here often?" Castiel took the beer gratefully and sipped some, "This place is nice," he comments then, still looking around.
Castiel couldn’t help but grind his ass on Dean's crotch slowly as the song continued making him confident.
Then wrapping his plump lips around the large tip, Castiel gave him a long hard suck, hollowing his cheeks before getting up and pushing Dean with a bit of magic towards the bed. The Barbar was a whimpering mess, his cock red, needing attention. Castiel smiled devilishly and then glanced at his own leaking length.
It was perhaps the best for Cas not to see him leave, the blue-eyed man wouldn’t let Dean go alone, his angel was too stubborn.
Two strong arms slipped around Cas and pulled onto his chest until their bodies were twined together. Cas' eyes were hot and his heart felt too big for his ribcage.
As Dean was towering before him, Castiel slowly lowered himself to his knees, the green-eyed man's cock now in front of his face, hard and leaking. Reaching up, he began to stroke, staring up at Dean's face who groaned a moan and closed his eyes. Dean's hips began to thrust,  allowing Castiel to hold his hands still as the impressive cock stroked itself in his grasp.
"I'm a single dad as well, Ben's mom left us when he was only 12 weeks..." The first words came muffled from his palms but Castiel didn't miss the hurt in his voice. He felt even more sympathy but he didn't want to feel sorry for Dean, Cas hated when people did that for him.
Checking the clock on his nightstand, it said five minutes before seven, and the dark-haired man panicked a bit, Dean will be here in five minutes.
The blue-eyed man smiled, and Dean gave him a soft smile right back as they started walking behind the girls, everything’s gonna be fine, it’s just a party anyway.
Cas doesn't want to sound mean and selfish, but Carmen isn't for Dean, she doesn't deserve him or appreciate him the way Cas would, what could Dean see in her?
he smelled incredible. The green-eyed man felt his dick react to the closeness and blushed when he saw Sam smirking at him.
As Dean leaves hot kisses here and there, Castiel tilts his head for better access, pushing the green-eyed man’s face in the crook of his neck.
His best friend started babbling about some drama and the way he spent yesterday. Cas swallowed the lump in his throat as he tried to sound normal and not like a choked stuttery mess.
--tailored suit with a silk black dress shirt which was opened two buttons and stretched amazingly at his broad chest.
"You really want a divorce? " Castiel choked hoarsely, the first tears after that nightmarish night finally rolled down his cheeks.
After they left laughing and chasing the dog to the greenery of the park, Castiel smiled awkwardly at Dean.
Everyone around them cheered and clapped happily, Sam was wiping his eyes and had an arm around Gabriel's shoulder who grinned like crazy. His mother was smiling with happy tears and everyone was happy as hell which made Dean's heart full. It wasn't long before two pairs of small hands wrapped around his and Cas' legs.
Ben so he could provide him everything he needed. But it wouldn't bring the hours he didn't spend with his son. At least they were together all day at Weekends.
how could he do this to Castiel? he was on tour goddamnit! His biggest album was no.1 in 70+ countries and his worldwide tour is one of the best selling tours in history.
Panting softly, he gave the wolf a small brush on the head and walked with a quick step to the driver's seat.
“I did you a favor, Lisa told me that this jerk will play you around, use you only in bed,” Dean says quietly, eyes blinking open as he glares at Cas.
Dean let out a throaty hiss, defeated, he needed to get Gabe to Cas, he’ll never forgive himself if something happens to the boy, he won’t be able to look at his blue angel’s eyes ever again.
He growled like an animal once again trying to release himself. The last thing he remembers was the white light that blinded him and his men. They were plundering a small village in Alexandria, trying to find something to eat as they were running away from some Romans who followed them from Cicely. Dean was active to fight those sons of bitches but Samuel, his little brother, and right hand warmed him to leave and hide for a while. Apparently, those Romans were more numerous.
Dean was solid and warm against Cas' chest. His arms held him tightly, wrapped around his waist, one hand spread over his lower back.
The green-eyed man smiled one of those gorgeous soft smiles and squished his hand, his palm was warm and nice on his own.
“It’s Gryffindor, there’s no way we’re winning…” Castiel said bored when he noticed the red and gold rival players. As sad as it was Gryffindor had the best team out of all their houses.
The blue-eyed himself didn't take long to undress his suit jacket and dress shirt. Dean already crawled over him, kissing his stomach and then traveling slowly towards his stern, his collarbone, and then his jawline. Cas gasped moaning into the heated kisses, running his fingers in Dean's sandy hair.
Before Castiel could say anything else, Dean leans in, eyes locked on his, their bodies pressed incredibly close. He feels lips on his neck, hot sinful lips kissing the skin right above his Adam’s apple.
Castiel marked him with his intense gaze, eyes traveling all over Dean's body hungrily. When their eyes met, Castiel leaned closer, their faces just a small amount of inches apart. Dean couldn't help himself but lick his lips as his stare fell to the plush lips of the young emperor.
fucking close, his red cock seconds away from blowing a huge load untouched. It was an overwhelming, head-spinning, inside-out kind of pleasure that robbed his breath and his vision.
Castiel didn’t need to say anything else, Dean got up, holding Castiel. He turned them around and gently threw the younger man on the bed, coming on top of him.
"You have no idea how I fucking missed you..." Dean continued kissing Castiel, tongue slipping in as they sucked onto each other's lips.
Dean even though has some cuts on his cheekbone and a large bruise on his temple, with messy hair and pale skin contrasting his freckles and dark eyelashes,
"I don't regret anything, I just-I-I can't believe his own mother wouldn't want him... I was in love with her, I could make it work, marry her... But you know what? It was for the best. It is easier that way. It is easier to hate her, not only for abandoning her child but not giving me a choice." he mumbled down at their hands. Then he looked at Cas.
His grits his teeth once again when his eyes catch the couple leaning close ready to kiss. His face red and his veins pulsing with anger.
Before one of those mutts got close enough to him growl-smirking with ugly yellow rotten teeth, one of the others turned fast enough his ugly snout moved to scent, ears perking up.
"That's my good boy," Castiel crooned when Dean relaxed into his body. "You're going to wait as long as I want. I want to take my time and
But the doubts on the back of his head made him think it twice about asking Cas out for a dinner, the man could be straight or still hadn't get over his wife, maybe Cas will feel awkward and never come back to the park, and Ben will lose Claire and his boy will be sad.
Castiel’s face fell when he winced from the pain, and Dean’s heart melted, Cas still cared, his emotions were intense, Dean could feel the aura the blue-eyed man radiated.
But it was a risk he was willing on taking, Cas was a father too, so he could understand him more. And wouldn't decline--expect if he didn't want to go out with Dean for other reasons than him being a dad--so Dean felt brave.
"What the hell are you doing here? Where's Sam?!" Dean's expression turned into an angry scoff as he tore his eyes from Castiel and searched around.
Dean kissed him on the lips this time, furrowing one hand up through Cas' thick, dark hair and the other on his hip.
"Well, that was disappointing." He almost forgot Balth was next to him. He glanced at him and rolled his eyes.
Grinding himself at the same time as he stroked Dean's cock, Castiel felt generous and nuzzled his nose into Dean's bearded cheek, kissing soft pecks,
“Okay, I get it. You could at least be more discreet.” Lisa sighs and pulls back from him rolling her eyes.
The wolfs were now throwing themselves on his car, making it shake hard. The Alpha lied down, a pool of blood around it as it breathed heavily.
Flashbacks of him coming here for his and Dean's weekly fuck sessions. How the green-eyed lad would grab him from his collar and kiss him hard, they didn't even make it to bed sometimes.
“A wolf without a pack is an omega, meaning they don’t belong anywhere until they find a pack to follow… Then there are betas who are the usual wolfs who belong in the pack and follow every rule of it…Every pack needs a leader though, someone who will look after them and protect them, that’s the Alpha Cas.”
His mouth watered and they both moaned when Castiel reached for the hard cock and rubbed the wet spot.
Suddenly the doorbell ringed and he rolled his eyes throwing his head to fall into the back of the couch.
, you probably think I'm boring..." Castiel flushed as he remembered he said exactly the same things when they were in the park.
Cas looked confused, tilting his head to the side, his lips pouty. Dean felt the urge to grab his face and give him a thousand kisses all over it.
"Want you so much Cas..." he whispered sensually, his breath tickling Castiel's lips. He tried to chase his lips but the green-eyed man gave him a teasing peck before moving into his cheek and then brow and finally the corner of his lips.
Dean sped jerking his cock and he couldn’t help it, he snapped his hips forward and broke, spilling thick come all over his chest and even his chin. It didn't take long before Dean groaned choking and burying his face in Cas' neck, panting hard as his hips spasm, emptying his orgasm in the condom.
“I—uh sorry…” he blurted and grabbed a beer, he winced a fake smile, it was definitely a fake one, he knew his best friend better than anyone, even himself.
Look a mini disgusting turtle!" his boy jumped excitedly showing the snail. Dean winced a bit disgusted but smiled softly and ruffled Ben's spiky hair, almost identical to his own but darker like his mom's.
He damn well knew what he did to the blue-eyed man. The only thing he didn't know was how it fucking hurt having him only for pleasure.
"Cassy, love, I know everything is shit right now, but we need to start, the Intro track is almost finished! Do you have your earpiece on?" Balthazar came running towards him, his schedule placed tight under his armpit and his headpiece on power so he could communicate with the team.
He stepped inside, breath caught in his lungs as he glanced at Dean’s lying body on the hospital bed, heart monitor beeping steadily. Castiel feels a silent sob rushing into him.
"I married young, my parent's request, they were very church people, made me go every Sunday and named me after an angel," he chuckled sadly, he felt Dean's eyes glued on him.  "I always knew I was gay, but I could never come out, not with the family I had. They would disown me..."
“Maybe…Did it work?” Castiel said breathlessly, wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck as he grinded slowly his crotch to his.
What if the mutants did something—fuck! His heart is about to rip off his chest, first Gabriel then his cat… the only positive thing in this mess, is that he finally found Dean.
Castiel blinked at all the words tumbling out of the green-eyed man's mouth, and he found himself shaking his head.
Castiel checked if the field was clear before lowering his gun, his full attention on Dean ripping Gabe’s ropes carefully but fully intensely. Benny growled behind him, the grey wolf bumping him hard, Castiel shook his head and heard a sharp high-pitched cry.
The green-eyed Barbar shut his eyes. From a powerful dangerous leader to a slave. This was gonna be his life now? With boiling blood, he bore the most dangerous and angry glare at Castiel.
When he left, Castiel felt a big part of his heart empty. He already had loneliness issues but the night they separated, was the last drop, his depression came back.
Dean stops in his tracks, his eyes widening in shock as he takes Cas in. The taller man was in a dirty pair of jeans and a tank top. His handsome face was pale, freckles contrasting in his usually tanned skin.
Castiel tried to keep his eyes open, the white light of the hallway on the way to the dressing rooms was loud and paramedics were checking him up, he was laying in something soft. Before he knew it, he was shaking, he felt so cold and hot at the same time, Balthazar was holding his hand and he could almost hear his panicked English accent shouting something to the others.
Benny was next to him, the grey wolf protectively having Cas’ back as he carefully ripped those bastards without drawing a drop of poisonous blood.
“But obviously you don’t care a-about me, you just need a h-hole to fuck…P-please stop…just stop.” Cas angrily wipes his tears.
"Yeah, got a work call in half an hour, but hey, hope to see you guys tomorrow..." Dean almost looked hopeful.
Groaning at the fat head entering him, Castiel glanced at Dean who's whole body twitched and flexed as Castiel bottomed out, settled in his lap.
Guilt started wrapping around his body, he didn’t know what he did, but Cas avoided looking at him a couple of minutes earlier. He never was like that with him.
Dean felt Cas trying to cover him better with his trench coat, mumbling that everything’s gonna be okay, he didn’t even realize he was trembling like he was in Siberian temperature.
Parting his lips and closing his eyes, Castiel waits when Dean's gonna fed on him, sink his sharp fangs in his pulsing vein on the neck. Make him hopefully
Ignoring the hammering pain in his haid Cas takes off his dirty, alcohol smelly clothes and wears what he finds in front of him, after brushing fastly his teeth and slipping into his shoes, Cas rushes to the door, grabbing his trenchcoat he runs like a crazy person that escaped from the asylum.
"Hello, Manchester! Thank you for having me!" he shouted through his mic with a fake excited smile, Castiel was emotionally dead tonight. But people,
Dean worked like a dog, with no one helping him. Castiel had nothing but respect for him, that's why he also fell in love with him, Dean was the strongest person he'd ever had the pleasure of meeting.
"Why are you doing this?" He gritted angrily, his blood boiling, how dare she threatening him like that? Dean would never believe her.
"So, you must be Claire's dad, I'm Dean, Ben's dad..." Dean smiled, and wow, his voice was deep and hoarse and so, so sexy. Castiel smiled back when Dean offered a hand. His grip was firm and his hand rough but warm and big.
It takes only a second for Dean to melt into Castiel's arms and bring his palms on each side of his face, cupping gently as their tongues start to slide together.
Castiel tried not to stare at Dean’s naked low area, even though he had seen him a lot of times like that.
Dean’s senses are deeper as a wolf, his emotions wide and stronger, it takes a lot of control to not jump and rip those fuckers apart.
Months had passed but he couldn't forget the cold touch of Dean, how he had ripped apart his shirt when they sat in one of the private booths and sank his teeth in Castiel's neck. The world suddenly stopped.
The last time he saw him, Dean was acting possessive towards him, kissing him and letting Castiel think he didn't want anything from him but his body, for him to have it and nobody else. The blue-eyed man brushed it off as an alpha male behavior, something about being a damn chaser.
“She was clearly flirting with you, I got irritated,” Castiel admitted nuzzling more into Dean’s chest, the memory of that woman being thirsty for Dean still made him feel jealousy.
, think about it." Cas' eyes never left Dean's and Dean's never left Cas' as he finished his last sentence.
The thing was Castiel did not wanted anyone so much in his 2 years of college, he hated the fact that Dean wasn’t single, and he hated more the fact that he was trying to seduce a taken person.
"Castiel! Sorry for coming up here, I just couldn't wait..." the blonde man says, coming closer to his best friend. Dean's smile disappeared and he frowned at the couple in front of him.
Spreading the green-eyed man's legs, he settled between them and then traced his index finger on Dean's warm and toned stomach before stopping on his big bulge. Castiel's mouth watered and he heard Dean groaning and his breath hitching at every little touch.
Okay, but hear him out, Cas tried to like her, he really did, even though it hurt like hell, a) to watch her and Dean together, b) to see them being all couply and c) She didn't like Castiel from the beginning, trying to distance Dean from him.
Is he using crafts of the spirit world to have those powers? Dean had heard rumors of powerful leaders of Egypt that were gifted from Horus the divine source of sovereignty and son of Isis and Osiris. Protector of the Sun and Moon.
Castiel's mind for a second was blank, then as a tsunami of emotions and pictures he knew he saw but couldn't remember, wrapped all over his mind.
After a quick awkward search, Dean found the small bottle and popped off the cap, whilst he moved upwards, he buried his face withing the hollow of Castiel's neck, pulling tender flesh between his teeth.
Dean was inside the huge golden bathtub, relaxing with thick biceps resting on the rim of it. Checking the bench where rich food of fruits, savory meets, and cheese sprawled being now messy and half-eaten.
"Hi, Cas." the green-eyed man pushed away from the car and came to Castiel's space, wrapping an arm around him, he gave him a peck on his cheek and Castiel resisted the urge to bury his face in Dean's neck and breath him in as his scent was warm, spicy and very heady.
He knows Dean didn’t agree, he said it wouldn’t affect their future and their relationship but Castiel couldn’t do it, he just couldn’t…
, more like a paralyzed man. Everything internally was active but he couldn't even stir his little finger.
The younger artist pushed the trembling feeling of how he missed the older lad. They hadn't spoken for a month and a half. He itched to step even closer and touch Dean.
Castiel's mouth watered when his eyes fell on Dean's thick flesh. Trying to contain himself, he quickly undoes his own jeans and boxers and stumbles swiftly into Dean's waiting arms.
It happens in an instant, one moment he’s sitting there glaring at them, the other is when he stomps towards them.
Castiel wasn’t there when Gabe arrived, the younger Novak had a copy of the apartment’s lock, the mutants probably were looking for himself but found someone else.
Castiel smirked harder, he pushed his empty cup at someone’s lap, zero fucks on who. He earned a pissed ‘what the fuck’ but ignored it.
The TV was playing something he's too bored to notice, his cat Jack is lying on the small rug under him snoring softly.
"Everything for you baby..." Dean licked his lips and then crushed his lips with a dirty kiss which had Cas seeing stars.
"Daddy, you make the best sandwiches in the whole world!" Ben exclaimed happily grinning with a mouthful. Dean's heart melted and he wiped with his thumb Ben's messy mouth.
." Cas groaned nuzzling Dean's thick beard, it was soft and the best feeling he ever felt, Cas could come for thinking about Dean's face between his asscheeks.
Dean feeling so much better, jumped from the bed, tossing his cover sheet away, he finally felt his energy and strength stronger as it was before, his head no more dizzy and no more bone-melting impression.
They didn't even make it to the apartment before Dean pushed him against the door and leaned in. Castiel gasped in the best way possible, traveling his hands on Dean's hips.
“So, you jump to the next person you see…” Castiel teased, biting his lip when he felt Dean nuzzling the nape of his neck.
, the way he looked at him when Dean talked about every little thing. The only one who cared about his opinion and the first person he came out as Bi.
"Dean, it's okay, thank you for sharing, it means a lot to me...you and Ben deserve the best. You did a great choice, Ben adores you. You're an amazing father..." Castiel couldn't seem to tear his eyes away from Dean's.
The blue-eyed gasped between their kisses, the sensation was making him even harder than he was before they started their make-out.
Castiel took a deep breath, his heart was about to rip off his chest, the earlier situation with his brother in danger didn’t help at all.
They looked exactly like the first black one, but their fur was wilder, dirtier. Are they mutant humans? Maybe they’re wolf shifters. Castiel once read a Supernatural journal about these things.
Especially when Winchester is on the team. Dean Winchester, captain of the Gryffindor’s quidditch team and one of the most popular students in Hogwarts, being from a pure-blood bloodline and having kept the legacy of his own father and grandfather of being the best player in school over decades.
"Go now in peace and live in love, sharing the most precious gifts you have the gifts of your lives united. And may your days be long on this earth. I now pronounce you husbands. You may kiss now." Missouri completed with a huge grin.
Castiel rubbed his eyes, he hadn’t seen Dean in 3 months. He wonders if he changed. His heart clenches painfully when the elevator doors open. He steps out with heavy chest and once again he clenches his fists, nails digging inside his skin.
Dean gave him a velvety chuckle before pressing his lips against Cas', the blue-eyed boy almost slipped a muffled moan. Dean pressed against him and tightened his grip on his waist pulling Castiel even closer.
Dean's green eyes flushed pain, and Cas quickly grabbed his face and brought him close so they were just a few inches apart. "It hurt, seeing you getting ready to marry her...I'm sorry you felt so alone..."
“Listen here, everyone. Cas is my boyfriend! He’s family for me as much you all are, and I’m not leaving family in danger.
He crawled towards Dean, turned around, and settled his knees on either side of his chest, ass up unto his husband's face, he hissed when his now wet cock touched Dean's pecks. Castiel lifted his head and was met with Dean's rock-hard cock, it was leaking precum and he didn't lose time before diving in and swallowing the fat head.
Castiel gasped when he saw an iron bar full of guns knives, and blades. They were hunting rifles and bullets of every kind.
Cas felt Dean's hot lips on his jawline as they walked towards the fireplace, which burned warm heat. Without a lot of motions and without Dean getting tired of having Cas in his arms, he took the woolen cover-up of the small couch next to the heating area and threw it on the floor.
Eyes never leaving Dean’s, he undoes 3 buttons of his white shirt, the silver thin chain with the small angel wing wrapped around his neck contrasting through his sweaty heated skin. He grabbed Meg who was next to him and swirled her around him, traveling his hands around her hips.
“I thought Char was messing with me, but it’s true…” he let out a shaky relieved breath, his hands were traveling all over Dean’s neck and shoulders.
He already could feel his dick rock hard pressing on his jean's zipper quite painfully. It took seconds for Dean to start rubbing their hard clothed erections together as the bigger man sucked on his collarbone. Castiel was a whimpering mess.
Cas closed his eyes; it takes him at least a minute to find the courage to speak with his voice steady.
Then Sam nods slowly with understanding in his hazel eyes understanding the Alpha, he gives him an assuring smile that says
“Hey, buddy…” Dean stepped closer, voice velvety hoarse. He smiled but his eyes were flushing concern and a bit of shyness.
“I’m going to get Gabriel, I promise… He’ll be safe, you’ll be safe, once and for all.” He said caressing the back of Castiel’s head, his voice hard and promising.
, he hadn’t the right to look at Castiel like he was the only one in the whole universe or calling him
The knife slipped from his fingers, Castiel yelped as the sharp teeth with the ugly breath hissing on him came closer, ready to rip him apart.
They stayed in the Roadhouse for still thirty minutes before Dean took the bill and came back with a smirk, "Wanna come to mine to hang out? Ben's with his grandma, so the place is all ours..."
Before he knew, he felt Dean’s tongue on the nape of his neck, licking and sucking, whispering his name and how good he is. Dean wrapped his strong arms around his chest and seconds later he was coming.
The king walked towards the green-eyed man and sat on his lap, then he half stood and shifted forward, taking Dean's cock in hand and sinking down until the head slipped inside his somehow slick and loose hole, which he prepared before coming here.
Cas didn't sleep for long, jolting awake every hour or so. Once, he jerked out of the cold grip of a nightmare, it was already morning.
Before anything could happen, Dean lifted Cas on his strong arms, Cas automatically wrapping his hands and legs around Dean, mouths never leaving each other, still hungrily licking on each other's lips.
"No! No! Stop!" Carmen yelled like a psycho, Cas almost forgot about her. She started to run towards them in a threatening way.
Before he could pass the booth, driving slowly Castiel glanced the empty space confused, a shiver suddenly ran down his spine.
Castiel felt once again his heart melting, a warm feeling all over his body. Dean would be a great dad, he had it in him. He practically raised Sam on his own as his parents worked all the time.
Saying goodbye to his brother and some other staff who stayed to clean the place, Castiel made his way out from the back door. Zipping his jean jacket, the blue-eyed man shivered a bit from the cold wind.
Charlie gave him a sympathetic look when they heard the voicemail on speaker, the accountant blamed himself for not checking his phone earlier.
. I am faster in my wolf form, but a jackass hunter noticed me and shot me with a silver bullet, silver is bad for me. I could have died Cas...
“I have a lot to explain… and I will, please call Sammy…” Dean choked from pain, those sons of bitches bite him good, even though he would heal fast enough, he needed to go to the bunker for some painkillers.
“Please, I didn’t do anything wrong…” Castiel cried whispering, tears suddenly coming down his eyes. He didn’t even notice them.
Castiel took Dean's hands away from his hips and put them behind the Barbar's head, Dean tried to move them but nothing, his gorgeous face frowned cutely but that didn't make him less horny, still trying to thrust his cock towards his tight heat.
"Mmm..." the blue-eyed man licked into his mouth even more hungrily before pulling away, forehead resting against Dean's as they panted for breath.
"Wait a sec babe," Dean reached with his one arm and grabbed something from the nightstand. He then pulled away a bit, his fingers leaving his hole, Castiel almost flinched from the loss. Coating his fingers with lube and sliding his length into a condom Dean gave him a slow kiss on the chin.
"Be a good girl," he calls to the empty(well except his dog) apartment even though he's pretty sure Hazel is still asleep, Castiel took her on a long walk to tire her and not to have to take her out later.
Brushing his teeth after and grabbing a new clean boxer briefs he stumbles on the bed, setting the alarm on 7 a.m. dreadfully.
And just like that, Sam explained what they are about to do, how they’ll trust the hunters to help them, and how both Dean and Gabe will make it.
So, Castiel should end things, for his own sake. Dean can find somebody else, he sure as hell could with a face like his and God, don’t even let Castiel start about how magical and heavenly this son of bitch is in
After a successful trial (like always) and shit tone of boring-ass meetings, Dean finally was exiting his office, after obviously having a drink of his favorite scotch. Cas was working late too, and he was ready to leave, maybe Dean would give him a ride.
The thing that hurt the most however was a week before he left on tour Dean took him on a date and told him how much he loved him, how proud he was, and how he'll miss him. They talked very little on the phone as Cas was busy with rehearsals, and Dean was about to start filming for a new major picture motion but he knew they were okay.
Dean frowned confused, the hell is wrong with everybody today? Charlie looked around before pushing him outside, the weed smell was super intense.
Exiting the elevator, Dean wears his poker face and walks towards his office, his confident steps fade when he takes a glance at Cas who is on the phone giggling like a teenage girl in his cubicle, which is attached just a few feet away from his own office.
When Ben's small hands were clean, he lifted the five-year-old boy on his lap and took the lunch box out of the bag. Handing him a grilled cheese sandwich with mayo and pork, they both dug in hungrily, humming identically.
Dean's face was unreadable, a small tear rolled down his cheek but he quickly wiped it with his thump and sank his head down looking at the ground.
Cas closed the distance between them, wrapping his around Dean's neck pulling him in for a kiss. Dean groaned shocked but didn't stay like that for long. His arms wrapped around the dark-haired man's waist pulling him impossibly close.
Castiel hummed softly to the song that was playing in the background as he was finishing his sketch of black angel wings. Scratching his pencil here and there and tapping with his finger the black charcoal powder all over the paper, his phone vibrated with a text.
Castiel and Dean dressed up quickly, the accountant was still shaking, and his face was pale, his eyes blurry. Dean gave him his own clothes, some jeans and a black tee with a blued plaid, they were a bit big but comfy.
Pushing his bulky biceps to hit the man in front of him, he suddenly freezes and feels his eyes roll up his brain. Screaming and grabbing his pounding head, Dean fell to his knees and started screaming like a wounded lion.
Cas’ brother was nowhere in sight, Dean couldn’t even feel his heartbeat or smell his scent. It was only him and 2 of those sons of bitches.
A moment later, the guests all stood up and clapped happily, this time Mary and John joined them and Cas felt so beautifully, his heart full with gratefulness and bliss. It was amazing how everybody accepted them and supported them.
Before Cas could run for his life, humiliation flushing all over his face, he felt a strong hand grabbing his wrist and turning him around.
“You’re stronger than this Cas…” He looked into the mirror, spoking softly. The muffled sound of water in the shower running, reminding him of the man he was so
Cas froze and Dean almost sobered with terror, but then his best-friend melted on him and scrambled his hands up the back of Dean's shirt, scraped his fingers up his sides, then pulled him in closer to deepen the kiss.
Castiel wasn't surprised when the Barbar pressed their lips together for a filthy kiss. Wrapping his arms around the larger man's broad shoulders, the young emperor melts onto him. Smirking between their kisses, Castiel wraps his legs around Dean's waist too.
They stumble into Castiel’s own room at the frat house, hungrily kissing, mouths licking at each other, tongues dancing together.
It wasn't long before Dean pressed a kiss to his lips, soft and simple, "I may have seen a nice private cave..."
"No! Make one more step and you'll regret it, man..." Dean snapped angrily pointing at the guard who stopped immediately when he saw that death glare.
Gulping the last sip of his beer, Dean got up from the bench and threw the tin in the garbage bin next to him. Before though he could turn around and check his son and relax on the bench, an intense movement made him lose his balance for an instant.
"Sonovabitch!" he groaned when his legs were tangled with a freaking leash and a jumpy golden retriever.
Cas tries to hold the tears as his heart breaks piece by piece, this isn't happening, this was never supposed to be this serious.
Dean felt stiff against him and pulled away in a second, stepping a good inch between them. Cas felt cold and unsafety surrender him,
Warm lips pressed on his shutting him off. Shock and a beautiful sensation encircled his whole body as arms were wrapping around his waist pulling him close. Cas' body relaxed immediately and melted on Dean. Grabbing his collar Cas kissed him back.
Castiel turns in zero seconds, this voice… this husky velvety voice. His eyes meet with those green, he hardly could get out his mind.
