“Very odd,” John comments, taking a gulp of tea to hide the extent of his uneasiness. “Any particular reason she likes to stand over people when they sleep?” He asks lightly.
There was a pause where John simply watched him. "Right," he said eventually. John rolled over, giving Sherlock his back and closed his own eyes, done with the conversation and desperate for sleep knowing full well he wouldn't be getting any easy shut-eye until the case was over.
John laughs, so Victor chucks it at him instead and John catches it mid-air. Sherlock grins at him and soon they are throwing the soiled material around the table until Mrs Holmes comes over and snatches it out of Victor’s hands with an impatient huff. She places a full toast rack in the middle of the table along with a stack of plates. Not long after, a butter dish, various jam jars and a plate of ham and cheese follows suit. The older woman doesn’t join them at the table, apparently already have eaten, and hums tunelessly as she begins washing up in the sink.
“We usually play speaking french,” Sherlock had pointed out to John at one point, which had caused Rudy to glare at him for breaking character.
"No, it's fine." Sherlock pants wildly, his voice pitched higher than usual and his eyes staring at a fixated spot behind John's head.
John tries to gently pull away, but the man either doesn’t take the hint or simply doesn’t care and sways them both from side to side for a moment. John casts his eyes to the side and spies Sherlock watching him in amusement. John raises an eyebrow and Sherlock shrugs in response.
“Like I said, our amateurs here are meticulous record keepers. It seems like they wanted a wolfhound and believed that, instead of purchasing one from a breeder, they were entitled to a werewolf.”
I chanced a look at Ms Talbot once more, trying to perceive what part of her might be human and which part was alien, and only succeeded in giving myself a headache.
“Yes, I suppose they must,” I said, and gingerly prised myself out from his embrace so I could face him. “I shouldn’t like to face that horrible creature again.”
I was still reeling from what I had heard in the pantry, and I found myself shocked by Holmes’ cold summation of what had clearly just been a massacre. I tried to speak two times before I managed to say, “Are we sure it’s calm?”
We came across it very suddenly. It was a clearing of scorched grass, surrounded by ash trees which were coated with a red spattering I could only assume was blood. The burning in the grass appeared to be intentional, as the singes proceeded in straight lines with the occasional angle veering off into another direction, but I could not discern for what purpose this might be.
She looked at me, her eyes watery and mouth tight. “I have read your stories, sir, I know that Mr Holmes needs details to solve his cases.”
That leads me here, now, to my writing desk on a rainy afternoon, looking across the sitting room to see Holmes napping on the settee. It has only been a week since those extraordinary events took place, and already they have taken on the hazy affect of a dream. I can no longer recall with perfect clarity the appearance of the lines that possessed Ms Talbot, nor can I remember what exactly the ocean whispered to me.
“And I assume your other victims felt the same?” Holmes drawled. I went to grab the table knife, only to discover that it was blunt.
“We’re from the capital, you see,” Holmes said, still cloaking himself in false vulnerability, “We’re used to street signs and flat cobblestones.”
When I emerged, this time with clothing, I found that I was not the only person entering the room. A woman of perhaps forty, clad in a worn but neat dress, had just opened the sitting room door, so I stepped forward to shake her hand.
“Would being the operative word, my dear, for not everyone shares your incredible sense of duty, nor your kindness. I daresay I wouldn’t have approached Ms Talbot like that, much less offered her such compassionate understanding.”
The Hambleton’s house was large, but when seeking out a darkroom, it is very difficult to mistake it for any other place. I found it on the ground floor and easily identified it from the low light and the lack of windows. The photo plates had already been developed, and the finished photographs hung from a string along the wall. One caught my eye immediately, for unlike its black and white brethren, this one had a splash of colour.
“Indeed,” Holmes said, leaning back in his chair, “The more details the better. However, we can acquire those specific details from the coroner’s report, and what I require from you now is two things.”
The path to the Hambleton estate was indeed a straight line, if a long one, from the scene of the crime. It was also a mere jaunt away from the cliffs, and as we got closer, so too did the noise of the waves below. The house itself was an elegant construction of red brick, standing out against both the forest and the ocean with its distinct colour and stolid shape. The drive was well kept, but as we approached the door, I could not suppress a shudder of apprehension.
“Good morning, madam,” I said, “I am Dr John Watson. Please do take a seat, my friend will join us shortly.”
“Right, of course.” Sherlock feels exposed. The reminder that Baker Street isn’t John’s home is too cruel for this early hour.
They are passing the sergeant John distantly remembers. She gives them a side glance, staring angrily after Sherlock. Apparently she’s still mad at his accusations.
After he has left, I look up at Sherlock, waiting for an explanation. Either he doesn’t realise that I’m staring at him or he ignores it on purpose, still staring at the door as if Greg just exited.
The room is small and dusty. It consists of one double bed and a tiny bathroom. There’s hardly any space for the suitcase. Sherlock is the first to go undress in the bathroom. He can barely unpack his pajama bottoms (
He enters the empty kitchen and calls for Sherlock, supposing he might be taking a shower, but the bathroom is empty. He knocks on his bedroom door and enters quietly when there’s no answer, but there’s no sign of a sleeping Sherlock either. Hectically, he runs upstairs to Sherlock’s spare bedroom (which he uses for his experiments), but it’s empty as well. He jogs down the stairs and finally, lastly, checks the living room. He feels his heart clench unwillingly at Sherlock’s absence.
John’s hope was rapidly contained when Rosie asked whether her wish had worked in between a few sips of her orange juice.
A silence stretches between them. John feels bad for eves-dropping, but he can’t bring himself to enter. He hopes that Sherlock can’t feel his presence, yet.
They just got back from a particularly long, yet boring case. John has spent the last couple of days more or less living at 221B, only returning home for sleep and showers – not that Sherlock would mind. He enjoyed the company, and a very selfish part of him wishes that John could stay. He wonders again what their lives would look like had he met John prior to Mary.
Without having the slightest idea of the word’s meaning, he quietly makes his way back to the trail; trying to keep track of Sherlock’s shadow. He cannot see their features anymore, only the tall figures of two men in the distance.
At home, Sherlock declares that it’s still too early to go to bed. He sits down in his chair and John, as usual, follows him. Whiskey glasses in hand, they share a comfortable silence and John wonders, not for the first time, if the girl had a point earlier.
At first, he thought he could get past it, that after a couple of days he’d have already forgotten the blue-eyed army doctor. He spent much of the beginning of February involving himself in any crime-related opportunity that arose, annoying Lestrade even more than usual. The few remaining nights were filled with a number of experiments, some of which might have included analysing a sample of every perfume currently available on the market. But even though he used to be able to rely on The Work distracting him from anything and everything, John Watson crept in on his mind more often than not. He tried locking the door to the newly-built room in his mind palace, even tried to delete the man in question completely, but nothing worked. Now he remains cursed with the knowledge that his soulmate is out in London enjoying his life whilst Sherlock is slowly turning into a shadow of himself.
“John? Are you okay? It’s getting quite late and I was wondering whether you’d be home for dinner.” I feel a stab of guilt in my chest. I should be with her by now.
“It’s really beautiful. You should play more often,” John finally says. His voice is deep and he clears his throat.
When John turns around to leave, Mary tells him she’ll be right behind. Sherlock’s stomach swirls – did she notice anything? Are his emotions written all over his face? Finally, after the downstairs door is slammed shut, she returns her attention to him.
The weather is cold and I zip my coat all the way up to prevent the cool air from tickling down my neck. I walk to the nearest Tesco, gather all the supplies and throw some milk into the shopping trolley, as well. I don’t think Sherlock bothered buying any. On my way back to Baker Street, I see a woman walk by wearing red lipstick and a dress (in January?). I can’t help but stare to make sure I didn’t just pass Irene Adler. It isn’t her. Damn that woman. Sherlock had better solve this case sooner than later and we can finally move on from her. I have to think about our conversation at Battersea again.
“Since the funeral? Yeah I was quite busy, I guess. I’m good, I’ve been working a lot since Sherlock…” She lowers her eyes and for a second I can see a flicker of sadness in them.
At home I make myself some dinner. I actually stopped ordering every evening like I used to do with Sherlock, it’s cheaper that way. I don’t see him again during the evening. After dinner, I keep pacing through the living room. I’ve had an idea a couple of weeks ago, but I wasn’t really sure whether to put it into action so far. Today seems like the perfect occasion to get started, though. I was sorting through some of my old boxes, the ones that I still hadn’t gone through after I moved out of Baker Street. In one of them, I found all of my old notes - some bills, some recipes from Mrs. Hudson when she told us we couldn’t eat Chinese for the rest of our lives, but mainly notes on Sherlock’s cases. I read through them and saw Sherlock as soon as I was finished. He looked at me a bit curiously but also expectantly, I can’t remember ever seeing this look on him when he was alive. I sorted through the notes and actually found a couple of interesting ones, ones that I could probably write up on the blog.
They sit down and have breakfast together. John is quiet and Sherlock tries to overplay the situation by telling him more about their life. He has already made some sort of a plan on how to regain John’s memory. He texted Lestrade last night when he couldn’t sleep, declining all future cases for the next couple of days? weeks? months?– until John remembered. Sherlock has also mentally prepared a map of all the places he intends to visit with John, starting with Bart’s today. If this weren’t the most horrible thing he’s ever experienced, he could probably enjoy a walk down memory lane of his and John’s past.
“Thank you for your help, Dr. Watson. You are amazing with kids.” The mother of my 6-year-old patient smiles at me. She has a pretty smile, and I try to return it. Unwillingly, my mind goes back to the last time someone used that compliment on me. “John, you are fantastic, you’re amazing!” He had said. It was the only time I’d seen him compliment someone other than himself like that. He had even called me his
“Thanks, mates! I think I can make good use of it,” he replied eyeing Sherlock, who grinned briefly and then turned to Rosie. “Do you want to play in the bouncy castle with the other children?”
“What? And you’re only telling me this now? We need to find her and see if she’s okay!” I say with a significant amount of anger in my voice. We need to get to Mrs. Hudson as quickly as possible. I look around to see where we’re actually at. This place looks a lot like one of the labs at Bart’s, only that there are tables and chairs everywhere and a waiter has just placed two plates loaded with food next to a microscope.
“Here, use mine,” the man named John says. He comes closer to the table, fishes his phone out of his pocket and stretches it out in his hand. Sherlock mutters a quick ‘Thank you’ while walking over to accept the mobile phone, his eyes glued to the its owner. When he takes the phone there’s a spark of electricity in the air, but it’s gone before the other man notices.
“I don’t know, Sherlock.” He comes even closer and pulls Sherlock into a tight embrace. This one is different from their last one, although in the exact same spot. Sherlock tries to enjoy it one last time, but he’s burning inside.
“I’m so, so sorry, Mary. Finding out was an accident. I couldn’t get myself to tell you sooner because I didn’t want to hurt you.”
A couple of hours later Sherlock and I look at our result. I’m quite impressed with what we managed to put together in one afternoon. The white crib is standing on the right side of the room (with the mattress, waterproof cover and sheets), and the bookshelf next to the window fits perfectly into the room. We decided to bring the bouncy chair downstairs, as Sherlock suggested we were most likely to use it there, and placed the baby monitor on a small shelf next to the crib. The nursery looks rather nice.
Before he can ask anything else, Sherlock is already heading up the remaining stairs. John follows his fluttering coat upstairs, wondering about the last time his body was so filled with the anticipation of adrenaline.
The cab comes to a halt in front of 221B after an eternity, so John throws some cash at the driver with his free hand and pulls Sherlock out of the cab on his side. He lets go of Sherlock’s hand in order to reach for his keys and suddenly realises that he hasn’t told Sherlock that he lives in his flat, yet.
Sherlock gasps a little when their lips touch, and John immediately pulls him closer. Sherlock’s lips are soft and perfect, and of course the prat is fantastic at kissing, just like he is at everything else he does. John parts his lips and slides his tongue against Sherlock’s, who reacts with a slight moan. Suddenly John’s hands are in Sherlock’s hair, Sherlock’s body is crowded in between John’s legs and the innocent kiss has turned into something more passionate. And it’s not enough anymore. He pulls Sherlock up and together they stumble out of the living room and into Sherlock’s bedroom, where John shows his flatmate how much he means to him.
If Mycroft knew about Sherlock’s inability to defend himself, he’d never hear the end of it. Maybe drowning is the better option.
Sherlock is unimpressed. He tries to bury his face even deeper in the magazine he is currently studying and replies “I don’t have time today, Lestrade.”
“I’ll make you some food, sweety.” I take her from Mrs. Hudson’s arms and straight to the kitchen. Mrs. Hudson leans close to me and whispers “Finally, John, I knew you two would come to your senses!” before leaving. All I can do is stare after her.
I briefly wonder since when Sherlock cares about such things, but decide to let the topic rest. This case was probably one of the quickest he has ever solved. My help clearly wasn’t necessary, but it feels nice to be included nonetheless. I shift in my chair and watch Sherlock. There’s one thing I’ve been meaning to ask him, preferably before my daughter arrives. I clear my throat and brace myself. It’s gonna get awkward, but I have to know.
The only thought comforting him is that he didn’t bring John. No matter what that psychopath tried telling him, there’s no way in the world Sherlock would want John to be drowning in this tank with him. Is that ugly grin really the last thing on earth Sherlock shall see? With the water blurring his vision it’s harder to see Miller, but then Sherlock notices a figure approaching from behind. Miller, still enjoying the show, doesn’t seem to notice. For a second Sherlock is sure to see the person his mind is clinging onto, but he hopes it’s just his hallucination.
It still feels weird to call 221B home, even after half a year. The flat felt much more like home when he wasn’t living there but Sherlock was.
“That is correct, Dr. Watson. I hope you can now understand my concern about complete decency,” the short-sighted man replies. Upon seeing him for the first time at Baker Street, Sherlock knew that this man had nothing to do with the kidnapping. He burst into tears while telling his story, which put Sherlock into the uncomfortable position of having to offer comfort, since John had been at the clinic.
“Not if you do it with the right person.” John immediately regrets his choice of words. What is he thinking, mentioning the word
“That sounds better,” John agreed. They had been given a bottle of finest Scottish single malt whisky last year after saving a distiller’s son from his kidnapper at a distillery in Islay.
“I bet you get bored, don’t you? I know you do. A man like you...” the cabbie says. He’s looking at Sherlock intensely, his eyes glowing. “... so clever. But what’s the point in being clever if you can’t prove it? Still the addict.”
“I want to stay at home today, if you don’t mind,” he declares and moves over into his chair. I follow him, pick up the book from my desk and sit down in the chair opposite to him.
), the founder of the preparatory school and the person who contacted Sherlock two days prior, collects them from the station and drives them directly to Finn Saltire’s house, the father of the disappeared ten-year-old.
Sherlock clears his throat. He can imagine little John on the back of a horse quite vividly. It's an image he will have to add to John’s room in his mind palace later.
He always knew that love was a dangerous disadvantage; a chemical defect found on the losing side. Now he had the final proof.
“Do you need me or not?” Mr. Holmes replies, sharing a look with the DI that tells John that they both know the answer already.
There’s a small smile on John’s face, but it’s filled with sadness. Sherlock isn’t sure whether he should add more; tell John what he would’ve done with his joke of a father had he known him personally, but he decides against it. Some things are better left unsaid, and Sherlock has the feeling that John doesn’t want him to comment on it right now. Maybe they’ll talk about it again eventually, but this evening has already been too emotionally drained for both of them to handle.
“Just occupying myself.” He sighs and lifts his head dramatically. “Sometimes it’s sooo hard not smoking.” As he says that, the eyeball slips out of the tweezers and drops into a mug placed on the table. I look at it for a second, then remember why I’m here.
They decide to walk home. The sky is clear and they can see the stars. Is it really that late already, John wonders. He seems to forget the time when he’s with his flatmate.
Suddenly, Sherlock shifts forward out of his chair, until he’s on his knees in front of John. He places his arms on John’s armchair and comes alarmingly close.
during his deductions, but whenever he turns around only the same boring faces stare at him with doubt in their eyes. It seems like the one thing that used to be the sole focus of his attention, the only purpose in his life, isn’t enough anymore. And it’s driving him insane.
He walks in carefully, as if unsure whether he’s allowed to. His short blond-greyish hair forms a visual contrast to his black jacket and dark trousers, and he starts scanning the lab with his deep blue eyes. Sherlock doesn’t recall seeing him at Bart’s before, or anywhere else in London, for that matter. The man has something about him that Sherlock doesn’t think he’d forget.
“I’m making pasta for lunch,” Mary replies. Her tone is neutral, and John isn’t sure whether she already figured it all out.
Sherlock brings the pill closer to his mouth, watching the man mirror his movement with the other one. The second before the pill touches Sherlock’s lips, a gunshot fills the air. The bullet hits the cabbie right in the chest, too close to his heart to be curable. He falls back onto the floor, a look of surprise on his face. Sherlock drops the pill immediately and hurries over to the window, seeking the shooter that might have saved his life. The window of the opposite room is wide open, but there’s no one to be seen.
He eyes me and starts to smile. Not the fake smile he constantly used for his clients, but the rare, honest smile that not many people had the fortune of seeing on him. I rub my eyes and call for the next patient.
Once Sherlock is alone with John again, he shifts in his chair and resumes staring at the figure next to him. His back hurts from sitting in the same position for so long, and his throat feels as dry as sandpaper. He distantly recalls drinking a class of water this morning. Or was it yesterday? It doesn’t matter. All that matters is that he gets John back as soon as possible. Sherlock blinks a couple of times to moist his eyes and plays with the golden ring on his finger again when all of a sudden he hears a sound. It’s coming from the bed next to him, only the tiniest of sounds like a combination of a cough and a whimper, and it’s the best noise Sherlock has ever heard. He almost trips over jumping out of the chair.
Sherlock exhales loudly. “That’s fine, it’ll come to you. So, where was I? After Mary shot me, I recovered the next couple of months with your help. On Christmas, we met Mary at my parent’s house. That was also the day when I silenced the man who threatened to ruin her.”
“Oh, just the usual stuff you need for a nursery, like a crib, a baby monitor with two receivers, a smoke detector, an infant dresser, a changing table – by the way, did you know these tables were bloody expensive? – a tiny bookshelf, a bouncy seat and some smaller things.”
For the first time since he’s known her, Sherlock is sure to see pure hatred in Mary’s expression, without her trying to conceal it.
Before I have the chance to answer, Mary announces through the two-way intercom that Mr Geller is arriving with a continuing hiccup.
Sherlock hears the desperation in John’s tone. If John knew that his amnesia was Sherlock’s fault, he’d probably leave him before Sherlock had the chance to make him fall in love with him again. Better keep that information for later when the John was back who knew how much of an idiot Sherlock was and still loved him.
It is sweet and innocent at first, just light pressing of lips against one another again and again, until John opens his mouth and deepens the kiss. Sherlock takes the back of John’s hair in his hand and feels John carefully touching the side of his face. When their tongues slide against each other it feels glorious; and Sherlock can’t believe he managed to survive without kissing John for so long. John slightly groans and Sherlock pulls him even closer.
“Well, that was after you thought the victim had done it, right? I remember how –“ he stops and his eyes widen. “Oh my god.”
He brings his fingers to the sides of his face, screwing his eyes shut. He struggles to go through his mind palace so quickly, but John’s encouraging words help. The folder titled ‘Explosives’ contains all the basic information on different chemicals involved, on the process of creating a bomb from scratch, on the physics Leó Szilárd, Albert Einstein and Eugene Wigner, who basically invented them, and on a case in Switzerland involving the largest amount of explosives ever used for a terrorist attack. There’s nothing on bomb defusal, however.
“Oh, really…” I clear my throat. “I’m sorry,” I say, slightly embarrassed. “It’s just I never thought in my wildest dreams that I’d ever talk to you again,” I add, trying to overplay my embarrassment.
“Sorry, Mike. I was just... I know someone who lives in that building over there. I think I should better check out if they’re okay.” John doesn’t know why the lie came so easy from his lips.
He stares up at Mary, who’s still looking down on him with her arms crossed. So this is how his marriage will end, after all. A ten minute conversation in their kitchen, and it’s over.
He looks up from their intertwined fingers. Sherlock seems frozen. Well, he was the one who suggested this, so John doesn’t feel too sorry for him.
“So the passenger disappeared in the tube from Westminster to St. James’s Park. There’s nowhere he could have gone off?” Sherlock asks.
After a short breakfast for John, they leave for Mr. Saltire’s mansion. It’s sunny and they decide to walk the short distance. Mr. Saltire seems to be expecting them and grins at them rather happily.
“I was but then I had to start over. The Ikea rubs are all rubbish, but it’s what most people have.” He makes a frustrated sigh and turns his head to look at me.
“Yes, very dramatic. And how did you do it?” Sherlock tries to bide his time while simultaneously thinking about an escape plan. For some reason his brilliant mind decided to leave him at this very moment.
Later that night, I lay in bed next to Sherlock, who is already asleep and curled around me. Who would’ve thought seven years ago that that’s what we’d be doing today? Thinking back on the journey that brought us here, I realise that, even though we were stupid at times, I wouldn’t miss it for the world. What Sherlock and I have been through is what shaped us and, ultimately, what brought us together. Would my life have been easier, had Sherlock not jumped and faked his death? Certainly. But I probably wouldn’t have my beautiful daughter right now. Now, on the anniversary of meeting Sherlock exactly seven years ago, we’re finally in the right place, and I’m the happiest I’ve been in a long time.
“I don’t need your advice on human interaction. And you and me are not alike,” Sherlock lets the last plosive pop for emphasis.
When the song ended, John was still staring into Sherlock’s eyes. He didn’t even notice Rosie running up to them and letting herself fall into Sherlock’s side, who let go of John’s hands in order to pick her up.
“I know, Mary’s gonna pick me up in a couple of hours. I’m just gonna lay down for a bit, if that’s okay.”
John swallowed, unable to break the silence stretching through the darkened living room. When he finally turned his head to reply, Sherlock was gone.
“John, I’m sorry. I made a huge mistake that night in Dartmoor. I had no right to… but I – like I said, I lost all control. I hope you’ll forgive me one day.”
“What’s the matter?” Sherlock asks. He hasn’t gotten used to them not holding hands in cabs anymore, yet.
“I don’t think that’s true. And even if it was, I can assure you that I do. I actually never thought that you’d want this. You know, being married to your work and all that.”
“Just, you know, because of the case. I actually asked Molly to bring her around later, if you don’t mind.”
For the second time, he ignores my question. “I’ve got my eyes on a nice little place in central London, together we ought to be able to afford it. We’ll meet there tomorrow evening, 7 o’clock. Sorry, I’ve got to dash, I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary,” he replies while passing me and heading towards the door, as if it was the most natural thing to say. What does he need a riding crop in a mortuary for?! Maybe this was a bad idea after all.
Sherlock handed John his ice-cream, his eyebrows raised. Did he notice the shift in John’s behaviour? John couldn’t tell. He briefly smiled at Sherlock, a plan starting to unfold in his head.
Tiny raindrops fell down on John’s face and dripped from his fringe when he said: “Marry me, Sherlock.”
The deer stalker started out as one of Sherlock’s disguises. Ever since John started his blog, Sherlock has been getting more and more public attention, making his undercover work harder to fulfill. The deer stalker somehow turned into his signature piece. John knows that Sherlock hates it, so naturally he would never tell Sherlock that he finds it endearing.
He wakes up the next morning feeling John’s heavy arm around him. He turns around to face John, who is just waking up. John smiles up at him and Sherlock thinks his heart might be performing a backflip. There’s still a 3% chance left that the last night only happened in Sherlock’s dream.
“You’re hungry,” Sherlock says. It’s not a question. I follow him through the doors and watch him order some take-away. He orders my favourite meal and for a second I wonder why he remembers, but then again, Sherlock can keep practically anything in his mind palace. From the order I can tell that he actually plans on eating something, too. That’s new and I feel content.
The frustration of the last months is suddenly back. All John did day in day out for the last six months was wishing for their reunion, and yet here Sherlock is telling him he wouldn’t have returned at all if it wasn’t for a potential terrorist attack. It doesn’t make any sense, but maybe Sherlock’s feelings subsided over time. Maybe he’s over John.
Miss Adler offers John to take a seat before she sits down in an armchair and crosses her legs, folding her arms to obscure the view of her chest.
John follows the detective outside, the adrenaline once again rushing through his veins. The fight from earlier seems forgotten for the moment, but he can’t help wondering whether Sherlock didn’t notice John’s missing wedding band, or whether he ignored its absence on purpose.
Sherlock shifts his weight from one foot to the other. He hasn’t heard of any similar occurrences, but then again he hasn’t really had a reason to research the whole soulmate topic. Until now.
“It was worth a try. Now tell me, is this where you killed five women in the last four weeks, Mr. Miller?”
That’s all the confirmation John needs. He leans forward and kisses Sherlock again, more passionate and hungry this time. Sherlock does something with his tongue that sends a jolt of desire through John’s groins. He deepens the kiss and starts unbuttoning the black shirt with practiced fingers. Sherlock pulls the shirt from his arms once the buttons are undone, then proceeds to pull John’s t-shirt over his head. John bends his head forward slightly to kiss Sherlock’s neck, who groans slightly in response, and starts walking them both through the room until Sherlock dips down into the sofa. Without hesitance, John lays down on top of him, so that their chests are touching. He resumes kissing Sherlock’s earlobe and neck, and then starts planting kisses down Sherlock’s torso, wandering further down with every touch.
A yawning Rosie was carried into the kitchen a couple of minutes later. She had her arms firmly around Sherlock’s neck, her hair still a mess from sleeping.
“Okay. We need to talk about… us. It’s not how it used to be. We barely talk or do anything together. You’re gone constantly, and I run off to Sherlock whenever I get the chance. It’s tearing me apart to admit but I… I can’t be with you anymore,” John says, his voice cracking. It’s the hardest thing he ever had to admit. “It wouldn’t be fair.”
While the shower is still running, he picks up his violin from its case. Dust has settled on it from being unused for the last six weeks. After tightening and rosining the bow, Sherlock tunes by ear for the perfect pitch. When he plays the first note, it comes out automatically. Sherlock lets the melody of the song he wrote for his and John’s wedding flow through his fingers, his veins, and into his heart. He closes his eyes, his body facing the window, and for the first time in weeks he forgets all of his problems, his worries and sorrows, and allows himself to remember the time he played this song during one of the best moments of his life.
I hold her close in the darkness of the room and smell the distinctive scent of babies. I love this smell. I sit down in the armchair we put in front of the bookshelf when Mary started breastfeeding her here. I turn on the small lamp that bathes the room in warm light. Rosie looks at me expectantly, and I smile at her in return. She’s the prettiest baby in the world, and with her curly blonde hair, she reminds me so much of her mother. I hold her tight and wait for her to fall asleep in my arms again.
Sherlock slumps to his knees frantically, only half aware of the sounds he’s still uttering. He runs his eyes over the bomb again. There must be something he can do; he will
“Oh, Mr. Holmes,” Irene replies. She leans into him even further. Are they holding hands?! “... if it was the end of the world, if this was the very last night, would you have dinner with me?”
“John, I will explain this later. I need to look inside the inn’s kitchen first, and see who is having a meeting there.”
Sherlock sits down in the restaurant of the country house hotel he’s been calling his home for the last two weeks. He likes it here; likes the cosy atmosphere of the interior combined with the stunning scenery of the Austrian Alps outside.
I offer him to use mine instead, which he takes. It’s a bit weird that he’s got no signal, mine seems perfectly fine. He thanks me and approaches to take my phone, then turns back to the table. Is this my potential flatmate, then?
Reluctantly, John gets up from the kitchen table. Ignoring the fact that he doesn’t want to leave, he picks up his coat from the mantelpiece before turning around once more. “I would love to know what you find out at
'The ties that bind us are sometimes impossible to explain. They connect us even after it seems like the ties should be broken. Some bonds defy distance and time and logic; because some ties are simply meant to be.' (Meredith Grey)
“Yes. I infiltrated an undercover organisation that planned to blow up the Austrian parliament and intended to blame it on the UK. There were a lot of Japanese involved, ironically, but I don’t want to bore you with the details.” Sherlock smirks.
“Sherlock, I wanted to ask you something. On your birthday, we talked about the woman, among other things, and I gave you an advice to, well, make a move, basically.” Sherlock doesn’t say anything. “Did you…?”
The rest of the week passed by rather unspectacularly. Rosie was happy to spend more time with her two Dads, who were both trying to avoid each other whilst doing so. In conclusion, John felt miserable.
Sherlock realises that John wants to hug him before leaving, so he quickly extends his hand in order for John to shake it, instead.
“So you’ll have to make a speech, of course,” I say, trying to release the tension of the conversation a bit.
“Daddy, can we get some ice-cream?” Rosie asked, jumping up and down in the kitchen. They had just finished playing Monopoly with a spectacular loss on John’s part. Sherlock had been in second place. For some reason, Rosie always seemed to win against him.
he wants Sherlock to say. His gaze wanders down to Sherlock’s lips, and he has to physically stop himself from just stepping forward and kissing him.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed and for a moment John felt like he was missing something of importance. Rosie closed her eyes, her lips moving slightly as she uttered her wish. She opened them again as John leaned closer to her.
Dragging Sherlock along, John heads towards the tracks. Luckily the train arrives just in time. They sit down in an empty cabin that reminds John a lot of the Hogwarts Express.
After that night, it had gotten easy for Sherlock and John to fall into a routine of pretending to be a married couple in public. They held hands during their walks to the park, their way to the supermarket, their strolls around the streets of London. And they did many of these walks, these days.
“That’s a bloody lie! You’ve probably been sitting in this chair for hours!” He barks while throwing his hands up dramatically.
It’s a topic Sherlock wouldn’t like to dwell on any further, especially not with a stranger, so he tells John to man the door while giving him a significant look. Plan Amadeus is go. In order to distract Miss Adler from the fact that John is currently setting up a fire in her house, Sherlock tells her about one of his recent cases.
He finishes his coffee as quickly as possible and storms out of the restaurant, desperate to get some air. Should he buy a pack of cigarettes? There’s no one here to stop him. He briefly considers getting hold of a bit of cocaine, but the memory of the look on his face when finding out about Sherlock’s past with recreational drugs stops him.
John suggested sleeping on the floor that seemed ‘sooo comfy’ the other night, but Sherlock convinced him to move to the sofa instead. It was the first night John actually spent at Baker Street sleeping, not counting when he had a nap on the couch two weeks ago. Even though he stays at Sherlock’s flat regularly during cases, John always goes home for sleep. Yesterday, Sherlock was quite nervous about the prospect of John staying at 221B. He considered offering him his bed, but found it too obvious. There aren’t many people in the world whom he would willingly allow to sleep in his bed.
“For John’s sake, of course. You obviously don’t know him as well as I do, so trust me when I say it’s best for him. He’s been quite depressed lately.”
John seems to think about that for a while. He looks up and stares into Sherlock’s eyes before asking: “But why did you do that for me? It could’ve ruined your life; you could’ve ended up in prison!”
“It vanishes between these two stations; Lord Moran vanishes the same day…” he stops, apparently having solved the puzzle. He turns towards John, ignoring Greg completely.
“I’ve waited six months for this, John. I don’t have any intention on waiting a minute longer,” he whispers afterwards.
I suddenly hear his voice as clearly as if he was standing right next to me. I try to stop myself from grinning at the memory and fail.
. The officer with a dubious professional past admitted, after giving Sherlock a long look, that they had found Thomas’ school cap in the woods, close to the local inn. This of course was no news to Sherlock, as he had already suspected that the kidnapper would take the boy cross-country to distance himself from curious eyes.
The case is promising. It reminds Sherlock of the Henry Knight case, the one that his flatmate had so romantically called The Hounds of Baskerville on his blog. Even though he would never admit it, Sherlock enjoys leaving London every once in a while. The countryside always reminds him of his parent’s home and the air is significantly fresher than in the cab-filled city. John seems to enjoy it as well, which is another bonus.
Later that day, Sherlock and John share a comfortable silence while hiding in a bush close to the inn. After Sherlock and John had successfully climbed over the gate to look at the horse’s hooves, a suspicion arose inside of him. The hooves showed clear evidence of recent shoeing, but with old shoes and new nails. As Sherlock was just about to decide on how to take a hoof-print of the animal, Mr. Hayes arrived and demanded them to leave. Even though John assured Sherlock that that was a completely normal reaction, Sherlock still found his mere shouting irritating. They spent the rest of the day wandering around town to gather further information, without success.
He turns his coat collar up and pushes his hands into the pockets of the Belstaff, rolling his eyes even though there’s no one around to see it.
“Not saving you isn’t debatable. I would do it again in a heartbeat, and nothing you say will change that, Sherlock. That’s what friends do,” John replies.
“It’s fine. Hopefully I’ll remember it as well,” John interrupts. He gives Sherlock an encouraging grin and for a second Sherlock thinks he might be back – really back – but John resumes his questions about their lives.
John rushes back into his room, packing up his clothes and supplies from the tiny bathroom. He searches for his charger as his thoughts start to wander back to last night. Why did Sherlock run off after the kiss? Wasn’t it as eye-opening for him as it was for John? Does he not feel the same way? John’s heart clenches uncomfortably in his chest thinking about the expression of horror on Sherlock’s face. But before that, Sherlock had kissed him rather enthusiastically. The memory of his moaning give John chills; the way Sherlock had held him close and kissed him so passionately, pouring so many emotions into every touch. He had kissed him like he meant it; like he wanted to kiss John for a very long time. He couldn’t have possibly faked all that, or could he?
After feeding Rosie in the highchair Sherlock keeps at Baker Street, I realise that it’s gotten quite late. Rosie definitely needs to sleep. I close my eyes and touch the bridge of my nose thinking about going back outside and on the tube. We don’t even have a stroller, so I’ll have to carry her all the way to the station.
“So, I guess I’ll be spending the night in a hotel. Text me if you need anything.” He makes a step closer but apparently decides otherwise and picks up the suitcase, instead.
“No, I don’t think I want to.” Sherlock probably deduced it already. The thought makes John even more miserable.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, but Mary wants us to spend Christmas with her friends in Edinburgh. She says we might even have snow on Christmas Eve,” John says, walking straight up to the sofa at 221B and sinking into it with a long sigh.
I take a deep breath. “Mary, I still don’t know whether you can hear me. I never asked Sherlock when he returned from the dead. Anyway, I need to tell you something. When I last saw you, I told you that I wanted more with that girl from the bus, who later turned out to be Sherlock’s crazy sister - but that’s another story. Since then I haven’t wanted more with anyone for a long time, but now… God, I can’t believe I’m about to say it out loud… I am in love. I haven’t told anyone, but I wanted you to know. It’s not like anything’s ever gonna happen, so I might as well tell my wife about it. I think deep down you always knew…”
“That’s okay. Where do you keep your pain killers? If you’ve got ibuprofen it’ll help with the fever.”
He can’t believe how bloody stupid they both were. They wasted so much time, but in the end it doesn’t even matter. All that matters is that they are finally together.
He rings the doorbell. Sherlock isn’t expecting him so he doesn’t want to intrude. The woman who opens the door smiles at him, revealing a couple of dimples around her mouth and wrinkles around her eyes.
John can’t help himself, he starts to giggle. Sherlock, quite surprisingly, joins him and together they laugh about the wild run across London they just shared.
“Oh, sorry, dear!” She replies, stands up and lightly pats my arm before walking away, still laughing hysterically. I can’t help but feel amused at the happy sight of my former landlady.
Upon entering the living room of 221B, he threw his work bag into a corner and fell into his chair. He pressed his hands to his eyes to reduce the growing headache and took three deep breaths. It took him surprisingly long to notice the absence of Sherlock and Rosie, who were usually playing hide and seek or Monopoly at this time of day.
Sherlock can feel the left side of the bed dipping when John lies down. He tugs on the bed sheet and suddenly stops. “Do we only have one blanket?” He has started to whisper, Sherlock notices.
Greg gives me an expectant look, as if I could explain Sherlock’s behaviour to him. All I can do is shrug with my shoulders.
After work, I call Molly on my way home and ask her to watch Rosie for a couple of hours. She gladly agrees. I feel a pinch of guilt crawling to the surface, thinking back to the time last year when I let my daughter down so often because I simply couldn’t cope. After the Culverton Smith case and everything that came with it, I decided to change that. I’ve been spending my whole time with Rosie since then, and today will be the first time I let someone babysit her when I’m not working. The reason is a new case, of course. It’ll be our first case in weeks. Sherlock texted me yesterday that he could use my help. I agreed to come to Baker Street today to start working on it. Even though we haven’t had a proper case, I’ve been spending a lot of time at Baker Street. I simply pack Rosie’s stroller in the afternoons and visit my old home. It somehow has a soothing effect on me, and it’s better than staying in the flat that reminds me of Mary so much. The fact that Sherlock is my preferred company is only an additional factor.
Sherlock interrupts his thoughts by holding two empty glasses in front of his face. John takes them and fills them with the golden liquor. He hands one of them two Sherlock who touches his glass against John’s. John doesn’t think they ever shared a bottle of whiskey before.
John felt a knot tighten in his chest that, for once, had nothing to do with his daughter. He looked at Sherlock, who seemed deep in thought, a fine line of creases appearing on his forehead.
“You thought the drug was in the sugar,” John explains, crossing his arms. “You were convinced it was.”
“John… it’s you. It’s always been you. You are every reason, every dream I’ve ever had, and everything I’ve ever needed.”
“Hey, Sherlock. Sorry I kept you waiting,” John says while taking off his jacket to reveal a hideous grey jumper. He sits down on the bench seat next to Sherlock, causing a cloud of a different cologne than yesterday to enhance the air.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Only because this day is known as a love holiday doesn’t make it any different from any other day.”
Only then did John notice that the two of them were all dressed-up, Rosie in a lovely red and white dress and Sherlock in a black suit and a dark grey shirt.
John felt heat rising to his cheeks, but not in the good way. Why was Sherlock being such an ass? John had known that Sherlock regretted the kiss as soon as John had broken off and seen the expression of horror on Sherlock’s face. But with everything they’d been through, didn’t John deserve at least some sort of explanation? Had he truly been misreading everything these past couple of weeks because of wish-thinking?
“You really are married!” Rosie squealed and rushed into John’s arms, causing him to part from Sherlock. John held her tightly and stopped caring that both his clothes and the carpet were covered in wall paint.
I should’ve known. For some reason, Sherlock loves putting Rosie to bed and getting her up in the morning. A couple of months ago I noticed that the two of them developed their own little ritual. Even though I was a bit jealous at first, I mostly find it endearing. A couple of years ago, if someone would’ve told me that Sherlock would be this caring about a child, I wouldn’t have believed him. After Mary’s death, it seemed impossible that he’d ever be able to do all of these things with Rosie. Now he’s almost like a father to her. He spends most of his days with her and only leaves for cases occasionally. When we go on a case, we leave Rosie with Mrs. H., Molly or Greg. They’re all wonderful with her and she loves spending time with them. Nevertheless, I always see the happiness on her face when she sees Sherlock. He’s definitely her favourite.
When the show is over, John turns to his side, facing Sherlock. Sherlock turns off the TV and does the same.
Sherlock lies on the sofa later that night, still wide awake. Even though he hasn’t slept in three days, his eyes can’t seem to close now. He stares into the darkness of the living room, his mind swirling. He needs to fix this as soon as possible. Sherlock was so happy when John woke up that he thought this day might beat the day of their first kiss so many years ago. Now he’s not sure whether this day has been one of the best or worst days of his life. He should be more than thankful that he’s finally got John back, but the thing is that this isn’t his John, not completely. He’s got the John from ten years ago back, which of course is still better than any version of any other human being, but it’s also not enough. Not anymore. He needs the John that knows him, bickers with him, kisses him, makes tea for him, admires his deductions, orders Chinese and watches crap telly with him, loves him.  How can he get him back? How can he make the love of his life fall in love with him again?
John realises that Sherlock might be a bit tipsy, too. They decide to sit down on a small step leading down from the chimney and wait for the New Year to begin. From their position, they have a clear view over the London sky. They keep talking quietly, their breaths mingling in the winter air, filling it with the smell of smoky, peat whiskey. The noises from the street underneath are still audible.
I give Sherlock a long look. He stares back at me and for some reason I surrender. “Fine, I’ll go right away if you tell me what you need a make-up brush for. And don’t just tell me it’s for a case.”
“Oh, that must have been almost four years ago. I’m sorry I didn’t call, I was a bit…out at first, you know? Getting back on track took me a while and when I finally did I had a full-time job and Mary to keep me busy.”
He doesn’t even realise whispering Sherlock’s name, until an animalistic howl interrupts the steadiness of his voice. It’s a sound unlike anything John has ever heard, causing a shiver to run down his spine. His steps turn into a run in the search of his companions, but they’ve left the trail, making it unable for John to see either of them. John tries to sense whether Sherlock’s in any danger, but he can’t fully focus on their bond with the adrenaline rushing through his veins. Another howl fills the air, and John is blinded with fear. He runs towards the moor as fast as his legs allow, his lungs already burning from the cold of the night. Finally, after what feels like an eternity, he can see the shadows of two men stumbling back towards the trail a few metres away. John doesn’t miss the expression of horror on Sherlock’s face once he reaches him.
I take a small step back. Talking to him, or at least his gravestone, actually made me feel better. I smile down at the grave one last time before leaving.
Sherlock takes a sip from his coffee when the couple on the neighbouring table catches his attention. They seem to be fairly young spouses, probably spending their honeymoon at this hotel. Their eyes are glued at each other, and the man is holding his wife’s hand like it’s the most delicate thing in the world. A knot tightens in Sherlock’s chest at the sight. Their gestures are so intimate and so filled with love that it’s almost painful to watch; and it’s definitely something Sherlock never imagined he’d ever long for. He knows now that it’s something he’ll never have.
“I heard you were abroad somewhere, getting shot at. What happened?” I can’t help but stare at him for a moment. What does he want me to say?
Sherlock nods with gleaming eyes. I focus on his cock and start to stroke it with my fingers. Sherlock is already completely hard. Before speeding up I take three fingers and place them into Sherlock’s mouth. His eyes widen but he obliges and closes his mouth around them. He sucks on them gently and swirls his tongue around them. I could almost be getting hard again just from that. I retrieve my fingers from his mouth and close them around his erection, trying to wet it. I stroke his cock again, this time using a firmer hand and quicker motions. I hope to imitate what I like to be done to me as best as possible. Sherlock seems to be enjoying it. His eyes are open and fixed on me, and he moans with a deep voice. I kiss him again and I can already feel his penis twitching in my hands.
John opens the door as quietly as possible, trying not to wake Mary. He can hear her breathe evenly in the darkness of their bedroom. The incident with Sherlock made him return home unusually late, and his wife was already asleep when he arrived. He slowly changes into his pajamas, but once he lifts the blanket in order to get under the covers on his side of the bed, he can feel Mary shifting next to him.
“Hey,” John says, and then there’s an awkward silence between them. He doesn’t know where to begin. Should he just confess everything? Tell her what a horrible husband he’s been? Or should he begin by mentioning their issues, without bringing Sherlock into the conversation just yet?
Four months, three weeks and six days and it was arse o'clock in the morning, but there: the little pink strip they'd been waiting for and no one in the whole of London cared that John Watson was half-hard from morning wood or that Sherlock smelled faintly of stomach bile and sweat--okay, maybe John cared, a bit, when he pulled the detective down for a kiss laden with morning breath and morning sickness and an overpowering feeling of success.
"Come on, Sherlock," John whispered in his ear, punctuating his words with sharp jabs of his hips. "Come for me."
Sherlock fixed him with a look that made John momentarily wish Anderson was in the room, just for that “How can you be so obtuse?” stare to be directed at someone else.
John found his pyjama bottoms on the floor of Sherlock’s side of the bed. After pulling them on, he picked up the towels again and returned to the couch. Sherlock was still chattering, though there was a bit more color in his skin. His curls were still stuck to his forehead in inky swirls.
Sherlock’s tailor knew because the man had never sewn an elastic waistband into such expensive trousers. Various other people knew, but only because they didn’t matter. The people who
Sherlock's arms were tight about John's shoulders, pulling him up as much as the angle would allow, and John encouraged their closeness by digging his heels into a shifting couch cushion and pushing upwards into his lover's body while simultaneously dragging him closer, then closer still with hands splayed across his lower back, just above the curve where his arse met his hips.
"Nothing that concerns you," Sherlock said before folding the paper between his thumb and middle finger and snapping, sending the paper into a puff of green smoke and yellow sparks. "But if you must know, Amortentia is closely monitored by the Ministry." His tongue practically dripped acid over the words "closely monitored." "They demand its dangers be included in the curriculum, but when one has to have it for practical reasons, there is a form that must be submitted before its brewing and after its disposal. It's a tedious bit of paperwork, but it keeps them from prying further than they need."
Thus far, he had somehow managed to keep out of John's dreams. It had been a concern when he'd first started living with the ex-soldier, and as time went on, the worry of getting caught in the crossfire of John's nightmares continued to eat at him. When he could avoid it, he actively tried to stay awake while John was asleep. Their proximity would only make matters more difficult: The dreamer closest to him tended to be the best target, unless he was already caught in another dream.
"Oh," came a soft cry from the other side of the wall. It was deep and surprised and followed by several quick grunts, all of which John could feel in the spasms around him as the other man stroked himself to climax, setting off a chain reaction with his arse that took John right to the peak of pleasure.
” before he was spilling onto the sheets. Distantly, he was aware of John’s fingers clutching at his chest, the wheezing at his back, and the hot flood inside him as the Alpha simultaneously reached his peak.
"Why?" John asked. He felt quite suddenly like he was ready to puff out his chest and defend Sherlock's honor at a moment's notice. Yes, Sherlock had gained nearly eleven pounds, but it wasn't as if he was getting fat. He'd just filled out a bit in the face and shoulders. And thighs and arse, but John was certain he was the only one who got to appreciate those plumping particulars.
He couldn't keep still, and he had no intention of doing so, but the slow thrusts upwards into Sherlock's body were maddening, those supple lips against his own were demanding and breathless, and the only sounds in the room were overwhelming to him in a way that echoed quietly off the walls of the places he'd once stored howling fantasies.
John was smiling openly now. “Sherlock, it’s all fine. I should’ve asked.” He moved forward, climbing a bit to settle himself straddling Sherlock’s hips. “We don’t have to talk about it right now.” His shirt joined his jumper on the floor, and Sherlock’s eyes were immediately drawn to the scar on his left shoulder, the one that was the reason for everything. The reason he was invalided home, which meant it was part of the reason Sherlock was currently in his bed. It was the injury that had briefly killed him, a nasty surgery followed by infection and incorrect reporting of facts; the reason for Annabelle.
children, John, and I thought if we were ever going to have another one, at least I’d have time to acclimate to one first.” He sat up quickly, disengaging John’s touch in the process. “Do you know what my first thought was when she told us--when she said there were two?”
"I wouldn't mind having you right here," John whispered in his ear, hiking up the dressing gown and reaching around to tug at the drawstring on Sherlock's pajama bottoms.
“Sherlock Holmes, is it that difficult to answer your bloody pho--Oh.” The silver-haired detective inspector was stopped in the doorway, staring at Sherlock, who was laying on the sofa with his dressing gown sliding half off of him. Even if it had been covering him, John was certain the silk silhouette wouldn’t have made one lick of difference, except to perhaps cover the deep purple lines that had formed on the consulting detective’s belly.
“If we choose a favorite boy and girl name, that leaves us with a missing name for each sex if we end up with a matched set,” Sherlock explained. John opted out, not keen on touching ‘matched set’ with a ten-foot poll, instead choosing to let his lover continue speaking uninterrupted. “We can’t just tack on another boy or girl name, respectively, since we’ve already shown a preference toward one. If we choose Adam and Eve, for example, and we end up with Adam and Steve, we’ve already set it in our minds that we prefer Adam, since his was the name that was non-negotiable. I think it would be much more responsible of us, then, to choose three sets of names for whichever pair pops out, thus being prepared and starting with a fresh, even slate for our children.” Sherlock paused to cross off yet another name in the book before looking back up at John. “A favorite will come with time. No need to start them with uneven odds.”
John didn't want to make it seem like this was all on Sherlock, so he quickly added, "And I would, too. My age is getting out of favor and I'm not as in shape as I used to be."
Warmth surged in Sherlock’s stomach and at the base of his spine as the knot inflated completely, filling him and satisfying in a way that nothing ever had before. He tried to gasp out a warning, but it ended up just being a shattered “
They were through the door to what John had to assume were Sherlock's private quarters. He was pulled through the clutter and somehow appropriate mayhem, not released until they approached the hearth.
"I'll keep a chart. The... websites all say I should keep a chart." That normally deep, sure voice was drowsily breathless, as if Sherlock couldn't believe John was actually, kind of, maybe agreeing. "I could make a temperature graph to track my ovulation cycle, and I could make lists of the most commonly successful conception techniques. I've been researching."
He stretched out for a moment before the night’s events came back to him. Their failed encounter hit him like a punch in the chest. Had Sherlock ever even come to bed or had he gone off to perform some kind of feral experiment in his agitated state? Bit not good. Their rent had doubled the last time they had a row. This was by no means a legitimate quarrel, but if Sherlock lost his temper, the walls might end up covered in jam-flavored brain matter.
He scrubbed some of the bubbles into his shoulders, kneading them as best he could on his own. It had been so long since he'd been touched, it was easy to imagine his own hands as those of a partner. He squeezed his left shoulder, pressing his thumb into the phantom soreness of his childhood wound while simultaneously pressing four half moons into his back. He gave his right shoulder the same attention a moment later, craning his neck sideways and sliding his fingers up his neck, wet and soapy.
John frowned at her, confused, but she held her hand up, open palm. “The patient’s clock is running down.”
Mrs. Hudson walked around the table and clasped one hand on his shoulder. Her hand clutched him a comforting squeeze as he stared into his teacup. “I think he’ll surprise you.”
"Honestly, John, you think I'm immaterial to be a good father, but how else does one ensure that their genius lives on? I've considered it for quite some time--nearly the last two weeks, which is more thinking than the average person does is in his entire lifetime. I've not taken cases from Lestrade because I was working out ways to reorganize the flat to fit a child in, and I've been looking into schooling and nannies and also safer ways for me to continue my work while also doing what's in the best interest for our child. And while I'm sure you're nervous because you've never seen me with a child before, I assure you that while other people's children are insufferable, drooling globs of useless matter, our child would not be."
"You can talk, Johnny boy. Go ahead" John felt the shortest reprieve from the Curse, long enough to give a concise nod of his head to Sherlock, who looked considerably paler than he did on a normal day.
Lovers on three continents had sung his praises to the rafters, to the ceilings, to the clouds, to the rooftops in cars. He was by no means inexperienced in the ways of pleasuring and receiving pleasure.
“But then how do we determine which child has which name? We’ll prefer the baby with the name we chose.” Sherlock was on his back with the baby name book held up over his face. John was next to him, resting his head on one hand, propped up on his elbow while the other hand turned pages in his copy of the book.
He looked back up into clear blue-grey eyes that held a hint of surprise and a bit of mischief behind them.
As John tipped Sherlock’s hand and squeezed with him to pour the lube into the silicone lips of the toy, they both seemed to realize at the same time that there were very few positions where one of them would not be fighting for dominance. The problem had been temporarily postponed by the scent of the O-brand, but it was more than likely that the second they were both sheathed, their natural tendencies would take over and both of them would need to dominate. And how were they meant to cope with that while deeper into the throes than they had yet been together?
I quickly take in the careful lines of his new suit, purchased for this occasion, the creases from where he’s been sitting at the service, the way the charcoal grey brings out the ocean blue in his eyes, the faded watermark where a relative cried on his shoulder. From top to bottom, he’s remarkably handsome in a bespoke sort of way.
he chastised himself as he tried to lift Sherlock from the floor. He was strong, but there was very little friction to help him and the consulting detective was practically dead weight. While it could’ve been worse (Sherlock could’ve been forcibly resisting), John tried to use his increased deductive reasoning to make an educated diagnosis.
Private chambers.... It couldn't possibly be right that this man had a direct line to Hogsmeade in his chambers. Then again, he was the Headmaster's younger brother. But should John already be risking so much trouble? It was his first day. He'd only met this madman four hours ago.
"I'd ask you to get us back to Hogwarts, but I suppose you've lost your wand," Sherlock suggested innocently, eyes looking over John's head into the forest.
Sherlock shook his head. His nose was pressed into the spot where John’s neck met his shoulders, breathing warmly and evenly for what was surely the first time in hours. John carefully ghosted his hand along the curve of Sherlock’s hip before settling on the small of his back. He didn’t fully rest his hand on the other man’s skin until he felt a soft sigh on his own.
"Good day, Mycroft." John ended the call and trudged up the stairs, feeling heavy, like the little shopping bag in his hand held a possibility so close to being a reality that he wasn't sure he could think of it without soaring. He didn't know if Sherlock recognized the symptoms, or if he had and was just ignoring them because he was slowly losing hope after their four months of effort had borne no fruit.
Now, John was feeling the other man's responsiveness to his ministrations a little bit at a time, in the form of fingers gripping his hair, sliding down his neck to his shoulders, pulling him closer, holding his head in place in open invitation.
“Your friend was quite enthusiastic about going to get us a bottle of wine, so I imagine he’ll be back to accost you in a moment,” John said, his eyes smiling in the dim lighting.
John nodded agreement, but he was having a hard time processing. Was Sherlock telling him he didn’t want to see him for the next four weeks?
And rather than running in the other direction, Sherlock found himself doing something that with any other Alpha would’ve been an extreme
The thing about John Watson, Lover of Sherlock Holmes, is that he has the mouth of a sailor who has been denied his most carnal needs. That sailor is always there, simmering just below the surface, ready to make even
While he was relieved that murderers were off the street, he wished the Yard could've at least waited three more days. He was getting so close to learning who his stranger was and if they could just bloody
This was new, though. He'd never been tied up before in a consensual environment, and he hoped he was meant to be willing. If the dreamer's fantasy was for an unwilling partner, he would have a hard time complying when the
John nodded without question and helped Sherlock up and out of the fortress of linens that had been built around him. Most of them fell to the floor without a care from the pair of men. They made their way to the bedroom, hand tightly squeezed in hand, holding on for dear life.
The pause he received in answer made him slide his hand along a fine-tailored suit-clad arm, meeting Sherlock’s eyes below a fringe of inky black curls plastered to his forehead.
"Well," Moriarty said, stepping back and completely changing tone. "I'd better be off. It was so nice to have had a proper chat."
And for the moment, John was going to get lunch and hope that Sherlock didn't do anything stupid between now and the next time he saw him. A nice treacle tart was safe, a bit of pumpkin juice was safe, the company of his fellow staff members was safe.
"Jim," John said, keeping his wand up. He hadn't ever had a good experience being startled. "What are you doing up here? Molly's quarters are--"
Sherlock knew and had known for a while that John had Alpha-Alpha tendencies--he’d seen the man flirt with Lestrade, whether John admitted to it or not. From what Sherlock could tell, he himself was the only one the doctor had considered entering into a relationship with, sexual or otherwise, and even then, it was a constant struggle for the man who was hesitant to admit to his bisexuality.
The problem, then, with being homosexual was that the alpha hormones that addled the brain and took even Sherlock Holmes down a few pegs with the need to couple--when you put an abundance of that hormone into the same room and told the two people contained therein that they were meant to mate with
There was an odd pause in John’s ministrations after he undid the final buttons, and Sherlock came crashing down from the short-lived high of the potential fling thanks to the reminder of his Caesarean scar. John’s finger ran along the vertical line that started at his navel and trailed down, the remnant of emergency surgery that stemmed from Annabelle’s placement in the birth canal. No one outside of his daughter and his doctors had ever seen the scar before, but here it was being looked at curiously, traced reverently with a gentle hand.
.” John’s neck arches as he tosses his head back on the pillow, groaning and thrusting his hips off the bed only to be pressed right back down. His fingernails dig into the flesh of Sherlock’s thighs, leaving small crescents in their stead. “I’m going to come,
It took a few minutes to maneuver his stiff limbs into fresh robes, and there was a painful jolt through his neck whenever he moved too quickly. It felt like he'd had a few too many drinks down at the pub, as unlikely as he knew it was. Then again, he couldn't remember the previous night in the slightest, so he supposed maybe it was possible. When Sherlock was on a stakeout, it wasn't uncommon for John to have a brew or two....
“I may have neglected to mention that we can expect another child in seven to eight months, but I thought it implied with the direction of the conversation--”
Their hearts were beating in syncopated time, though the hummingbird's pace of each was something John would've testified to feeling through their connection.
When he bends forward I nearly come undone at the teasing touch of the tip of his tie hanging down against the small of my back. It moves with him, folding in on itself until it’s not just the point of the tie, but a whole swath of silk running along my skin just above where John is fucking me at at a brutal pace.
He could hear John's fist working up and down the spit-slick shaft and the panting breaths he was taking. The exact moment when the orgasm hit him was shared with Sherlock, because he pressed the tip of his pulsing cock to Sherlock's flattened tongue, letting the first splash of his seed cover the pink offering before drawing back just slightly and painting the next stream along a pale cheekbone, then collarbone.
“All right, now, I just need to--” She broke off and Sherlock pulled a face that told John exactly how many impolite things he was contemplating saying to the woman, so the doctor squeezed his hand tighter in a half-comforting warning.
The Healer caught it in his fingers, cringing at the awkward texture of fuzz and thick membrane that seemed to cling to his fingers. Bats had never been one of his creatures of choice. They weren't that interesting--they were all over the Muggle world--and they had such a bad reputation in most cases that John avoided them.
Once they were in their room--which was, in fact, a very impressive suite with a king-sized bed and comfy looking chairs and plush robes folded on the table by the bathroom--John shrugged off his jacket, dumped the overnight bag on a chair, and promptly flopped back onto the bed.
The stairs were the trickiest bit. It seemed that a good portion of them had collapsed in the years since the Shack had held purpose, and John didn't know how to get up them silently short of a self-levitation spell, which had potential to go terribly wrong if he let himself down a bit too harshly, as he was prone to doing with such spells. It was easiest when someone else cast one on him.
John’s only hope was that they not scar. With Sherlock’s stubborn refusal to stop itching at the hives, this was practically a given.
Sherlock pushed himself up using the armrest behind John's head, steadying himself carefully before sinking back down, seating himself fully in John's lap. This new angle allowed for something deeper, physically as deep as John could go, but there was a detachment that the doctor experienced in the nine inches now separating their lips, the seemingly infinite space between their breaths.
“Well, you know it couldn’t have been planned,” Sally was saying to Anderson. “The Freak probably stopped taking his pills so that Watson would never be able to leave him. Snare him, y’know? Loyal bugger.”
Before John could argue with the woman--or even ask her for some kind of credentials--Sherlock had come up behind her, looming large over her like an oversized bat. He hadn't seen the other man since arriving at the Ministry. He was relieved he'd made the right choice in choosing to navigate himself toward the law enforcement offices.
"Oh, God," John practically wheezed. "You are...." He let the sentence trail off, stretching a bit to press his nose against the side of Sherlock's throat while the other man's fingers slid down his back, gently passing over scratches that John hadn't even felt in the making.
"What spell were you working on?" John asked, tenderly touching the boy's left arm where the seams on his Gryffindor robes had just split.
John came, burying his cock as far into that mouth as physical limitations would allow, and as the spasms jerked through him, lips tightened around his base and squeezed rhythmically, tongue coaxing him through his orgasm.
“No,” Sherlock said, shortly. “Now, I had planned to spend quite a bit of time on my own. I had explained this to my brother in great detail, so I apologize that he thought to send you here for your holiday. If I were you, I’d head back there on the first train.” Sherlock turned toward a door and John was sure the other man was going to close the door in his face, but Sherlock turned in the threshold in a slight cascade of blue silk. “I’ll ask that you please keep yourself to the West Wing. I have several delicate experiments running down here, some that would be volatile if interrupted by an unskilled observer.”
The thoughts must've been writing themselves across his features as he contemplated his lover's questions.
Mycroft’s face was an unchanging slate, but if John had to guess, he’d say there was a hateful smugness below the surface. “My father hasn't been heard from in more than a decade.”
It made sense, in context of the moment, that John would be curious about this part of Sherlock that he’d kept for himself.
A house elf answered the door, another house elf took his coat, and a third took his bag and said she would get him settled in the West Wing of Holmes Manor.
"All the victims were found in their bedrooms. They hadn't been under any kind of curse, and there were no signs of force. They all went willingly, but they had no acquaintances in common. There has to be a common thread, and I'm going to find it. But I have to narrow down the field."
“I should’ve assumed, I’m sorry--I didn’t ask.” He was shaking his head as he withdrew his hand, but rather than moving to get up from the bed, he reached for the bottom of his jumper. He pulled it over his head and tossed it to the floor before starting on the button-up he wore beneath it while Sherlock watched, rapt. “The Mandate. I just assumed since you were unbound, you somehow... got around it.”
A tentative finger pressed between Sherlock's lips and he took it in eagerly, drinking in the soft moan that escaped John as he slithered his tongue all down the underside before swirling back up to the tip.
“Oh. You’re... back.” John starts for just a moment before catching himself and the Tesco bag. Grips the plastic. Moves through the entryway. The hall. The sitting room. Six steps to the kitchen. Two steps around the apparition.
I’ve skipped along through the channels on the telly, hoping to find some ridiculous police procedural that has a case I won’t solve in under a minute. There was even that true-life one that claimed to be about unsolved murders, yet not a single one held my interest.
I lean forward, folding myself a bit too far in order to claim his mouth, but as soon as my lips are back on his, he’s gripping me hard, following each of my downward thrusts with a fingerprint-leaving squeeze.
I draw back and he tries to pull me in, but I resist, slithering down the front of him and back onto my knees.
John smiled. "Come along, then," he said. "We're going back to the Three Broomsticks and you're having a proper meal, uninterrupted by murderous Healers."
The "bugger off" was implied in the way Sherlock turned away and stalked off toward his desk. John would have been offended if he wasn't so used to it by now; by Sherlock's need to delve into his "mind palace" while working on a case.
I break away before we can start rutting like a pair of teenagers and lead him over to the couch, gesturing for him to sit in the center. While John makes himself comfortable, I go to the table to dig out a tube of lubricant from a drawer.
“So did I.” Sherlock absentmindedly stirred his tea for something to do. Mrs. Hudson had already added the milk and sugar. He told her the story of catching John’s scent in Regent’s Park, of the file, of the mix-up with John’s sample and getting shot. “I--I met John a few days later, at Bart’s, and I knew it was him, but I needed to suss him out. I couldn’t just bring an Alpha to Baker Street.”
The sensation behind him was mesmerizing. He couldn't see or feel any part of John except those fingers slipping in and out of his eager arse. The breath seemed to be pushed out of him on each inward stroke of the doctor's knowing fingers, and Sherlock had never gotten so hard with such a singular source of stimulation. The head of his cock was bobbing, occasionally touching his naval or curving sideways to his hip, and every time it made contact with his skin, he could feel the wet residue of his impending desire.
There were no scoffs about Sherlock’s ability to parent a child, no admonishments to John’s sanity about knocking the detective up with twins (though the twin part had, of course, been far beyond his control), and not a word was said about the fact that there was still a real, human skull sitting on the mantlepiece when there was a small silver rattle placed directly next to it (their first baby gift, a token of Mrs. Hudson’s).
“Dunno, really,” John replied. “I used to think maybe if it was an unbound Omega, it’d be some kind of meet-cute like in a film. Hi, I’m John Watson, the father of your child, care to ride off into the sunset?” He laughed darkly, shaking his head. “But odds are it was some Alpha-Omega couple with an infertile Alpha. They’re most likely to seek out sperm. It’s almost... better, the not knowing.”
A pregnant woman across the room gave John a stern glare, and he wanted to tell her that he wasn’t serious about the whole “tying Sherlock up” thing, but he wasn’t sure that would be telling the truth.
And then the door opened and if John hadn't already been immobilized, he would have frozen further. It wasn't just about him, it wasn't just about Sherlock.
Sherlock had walked out. John had halted his pursuit of heat-of-the-moment affection at the grimace and had stared at Sherlock, studying his face and wondering if he had misread something and then there had been a long moment where the dark-haired man had seemed to be waiting for something.
“I’m going to make tea,” John said once he deemed Sherlock more stable than before. Tea seemed like the sensible thing to do, if not the British thing to do. Warm tea, the kind that would calm Sherlock further. No sugar; no need for the crash that would come from the sweet.
His hands cup my face and he pulls me upward, so I follow, pressing our cocks together as he claims my mouth. His tongue dips between my lips, hungry, and our groans are in unison as he tastes himself on me. I can’t remember the last time I felt this filthy, like my sole purpose in the world was to please John Watson.
John chalked it up to both of them being tired, both wanting to curl up at the end of their long days and get right on with the next day.
"If we could skip the introductions, I'm rather uncomfortable and very thirsty and would like to get through this quickly, if possible."
I have to lower my gaze and adjust the angle in order to accommodate the length of him, but when he starts to slowly thrust into my mouth, my mind goes blissfully silent except for the intake of physical sensation. I groan around the slick slide of him, taking care to breathe when he retreats and to give a concurrent sweep of my tongue. When he pulls nearly all the way out, leaving only the tip inside, I revel in the fact that there’s a wet spot near his flies where my mouth has been making contact on every small thrust. I’m slowly but surely defiling his lovely suit whether he realizes it or not.
It was their latest row that had them shouting at new decibels--John angry that Sherlock had nearly gotten himself killed and maybe a little miffed by the sheer lack of responsibility shown by the other man when it came down to his own well-being. Sherlock gave as good as he got, reprimanding John for in turn risking his life to follow his--companion? Lover? Was there even a word for what they were?--into an empty underground station.
Lips pressed against his neck--soft lips, bottom slightly chapped where it'd been bitten and chewed, nervous habit. He barely had time to register it further when those very lips parted and teeth grazed over the sensitive bump of his Adam's apple.
In the span of what seemed like a blink, John was completely undressed except for his socks, which he shucked with a small hop, and Sherlock had only succeeded in getting his trousers and pants around his thighs before he’d succumbed to the urge to press two fingers inside himself. And this, of course, was the picture he presented back to John Watson in payback for the accidental striptease.
Sherlock moaned, swallowing down what was given to him before opening his mouth again and arching forward. John gave him what he wanted, pushing his over-sensitive cock back into that mouth, letting Sherlock suck him dry with lips that knew just how to work him.
John swallowed. A hand job sounded lovely right now, but he didn't want it to be the end, which was what it sounded like he was being offered. An out.
John swallowed and ran a hand through his hair before looking toward the windows. It was starting to snow.
He’d already triple-checked the poor piece of paper six times. He could barely read his own writing anymore from all the markings.
Sherlock scooted himself back up on the bed, lifting his knees and spreading his thighs in preparation. Surely John wouldn’t postpone their coupling for
“I can’t do this right now. I need--I need to think. I have to go.” He turned away from Sherlock and stopped, just facing Baker Street.
He pushed Sherlock's pajama bottoms down with one hand and sloppily lowered his own without actually untying them. It gave him limited mobility in terms of spreading his legs for balance, but it was all fine; he couldn't really widen his stance much without being too short for this, anyway.
It happened again when he was 22. He’d been doing a lab project, alone rather late, and had burned his palm. He’d only seen the numbers flicking down to mere minutes while tending to his injury--he didn’t remember being so close to the count down when he’d looked that morning. But before he could muse on the change in fate, it changed again. When the inky skin reset from three minutes to three years, he’d stared at it and wondered if he was being avoided. And why.
He didn’t even bother to push down his pyjama bottoms, just unbuttoned the fly with one hand and fished himself out, giving a few slow strokes. John was treated to a lovely, full-body shiver when the head of his cock kissed Sherlock’s opening, pressing in slowly until he was fully sheathed, his stomach against Sherlock’s back.
The students filed out past John and he entered the classroom while Sherlock cleared away the potion, disposing of it properly to keep any students from getting the wrong idea. It was smart. The last thing the school needed was a bunch of randy teenagers administering love potions to their fancy of the week.
Oh God, what Sherlock would have given to truly see these events rather than supplying a mental image for the entire dream. The fingertip pressed further, seeking, and John's knuckle curled upwards, eliciting a shower of sparks behind Sherlock's eyes.
(There used to be two working toilets in the flat but, well, no one was going to talk about what Sherlock had done to the second one. It was an unspoken rule of Baker Street.)
They were both holding their breath, one hand each on the cylindrical toy, slowly guiding their cocks closer. The crowns met with a soft, wet brush at the lips of the downturned toy. Sherlock was torn between wanting to close his eyes to revel in the sensation and drowning in regret at not ordering the clear version of the O-Masturbator. The image of what their their cocks would look like as they slipped inside together was likely well worth the cost of ordering another.
It was so much more than a flickering desire now. The child was something they both needed, and not just to prove they could, or to do it for the sake of combining their collective love into one being.
Sherlock arched his back, pushing up onto his elbows and letting John nose at the nape of his neck. It tingled in anticipation--the way the rest of Sherlock’s body seemed to--and it was at that moment that John’s cock aligned with Sherlock’s hole, making them both cry out in relief.
"I do believe the courtesy of knocking is voided when one just enters without invitation, brother." There was a dark figure at the front of the classroom, slightly hunched over with his back to his guests. John assumed he was observing a busy cauldron, if the slight light silhouetting the dark mop of his head and curved lines of his shoulders was any indication. His voice was as cool as the room they stood in; deep as its place below the castle. John nearly shivered, though he couldn't be sure why.
The fingers of his left hand stroked along Sherlock’s jawline and then down his neck, bobbing over his Adam’s apple when the pale man swallowed hard. Why had it taken him so long to realize this was a good idea? It seemed like a natural progression. The way Sherlock trembled beneath him seemed to be a very good indicator that this was a
His own cock was aching, and he wondered if he could finish without being touched outside of a dream. He was curious to find out.
He pulled himself further onto the bed and walked on his knees to sit cross-legged in front of Sherlock. Maybe there was a better way to approach this--maybe there was a way to raise Sherlock’s confidence levels without the potential for lowering it simultaneously--but John couldn’t think of it.
He didn't mention that some carrying parents experienced it through the entire pregnancy. He was sure Sherlock had come across that in his research. But everyone was different--surely Sherlock's body wouldn't betray him quite so indefinitely.
“Sorry, what?” John replied. His hand stilled, but he didn’t let go; their hands stayed motionless between them, simply resting together. Sherlock rather found he liked it.
It wasn’t uncommon for Sherlock to get lost in thought, but John couldn’t remember a time when it had ever happened in the
His fingers were almost bruising on Sherlock's hips when he pulled him closer, one hand clutching a hip and the other wrapped around, drawing his chest back until they were front to back, barely a breath between them as John spilled deep inside the taller man, teeth bearing down into a silken shoulder blade to keep from disturbing their landlady so early.
Rose Weasley is a know-it-all, Sherlock has no feelings, and John can't seem to stay out of trouble.
John was temped to go downstairs and see if he was in the right flat or if he'd accidentally ventured into the married ones' happy home.
An hour later, he had settled himself into his plush new chambers and was happily sinking into a rather comfortable armchair by the fire when a house elf appeared in the center of the room with a
Sherlock donned the gown and let John help him up onto examination table, setting his feet into a pair of uncomfortable rests that lifted his knees and pushed up his gown. The technician joined them a moment later, carrying the chart that John imagined told her exactly what she was looking for.
Nuisance Coupons are simple in theory: A plain three-by-five inch card with the word “Nuisance” written on the front. A Nuisance Coupon has lines on the back that are meant to be filled in with whatever nuisance Sherlock is being asked to deal with. For example, to celebrate their anniversary last year, John wanted to go away for a weekend and leave Hamish with Mrs. Hudson. This would have been moderately agreeable, except that their anniversary fell in the middle of a rather interesting triple-homicide. John produced one Nuisance Coupon for each day of the three-day weekend he wished to spend in the country, and that was the end of that.
“It was an accident. I wasn’t even... involved, actually. Beyond the obvious. There was... a mix-up, when I was...” He gestured to his scar. Sherlock noticed the love bite from earlier directly above it, two very different intentions in the indentations on his skin. He had to drag his eyes back to John’s. “When you sign up as an unbonded Alpha, you have to give them a semen sample. And if you, you know, get into a situation and... die... they’ve got the right to use it as part of the Population Regulation Program.”
The kiss was an awkward tumble of lips made erotic by the thrust of John's cock into Sherlock's body. They couldn't keep their mouths together at that angle--not even in dreams were they contortionists--but that didn't stop John from running his tongue wetly along Sherlock's jawline, it didn't stop Sherlock from arching his neck in invitation.
Before John had come along, he had been mostly successful. His addiction to stimulants had been borne of necessity rather than desire for the high. Anything to stay awake--to keep from being trapped in nightmares, voyeur to explicit fantasies, re-liver of tragedies. Most dreams were mundane enough that he could get lost in the streets of London waiting for the dreamer to awaken, but those that weren't, well, they were a whole other story.
.” John leaned back a bit. His palms momentarily supported his weight on Sherlock’s thighs for a bit of leverage so he could rearrange the position of his knees. He wanted to lean forward and kiss that slightly dazed expression on Sherlock’s face; wanted to taste the sweet victory of making the great detective’s brain short circuit like this.
It had only taken him ten minutes to blindfold himself and attach his wrists to John's headboard securely. His nakedness wouldn't actually have been necessary to his experiment, but he knew it would be appreciated. He'd solved most of the case, anyway.
"You--" John started, but he cut himself off. It would be a bit not good to get cross with the man who was currently wrapping himself around a toilet from the effort of carrying John's baby. He cleared his throat. "Anyway, there's a case on. Stabbing on the tube, but apparently no one saw a thing until the car cleared and there was a bloke sitting in a pool of his own blood. They’re stumped."
For now, Sherlock’s arm around him was firm and all the comfort either of them needed was contained in a single room, a bubble inside 221B Baker Street, as the blemishes of London were overlain with a white blanket.
John pays a visit to the Potions classroom. He didn't know what to expect, but it certainly wasn't this.
“I don’t know that I’d take that drastic a route,” Sherlock said. The left corner of his mouth twitched, but John still felt like Sherlock was downplaying his emotions.
John's hips began to thrust against his face and Sherlock couldn't help the moan that bubbled up his throat when the hands in his hair pulled him forward just a little too forcefully. The thrusts started to become erratic, and Sherlock knew well enough to know that this dream had been going on long enough for John's sleeping body to be on the verge.
John climbed onto the bed after shucking his pants. "Sherlock," he said quietly, draping himself over the pale, skinny form of his partner. "I can't just get it up on command. Just because we're trying for a baby doesn't make it a different kind of sex." He nuzzled his nose against Sherlock's neck and put his hands on the taller man's hips, fingers dipping down until they were between Sherlock and the comforter. "We still have to enjoy each other."
He sucked on the other man's tongue just a bit too hard and ground his hips down. There were too many sensations to take in. Sherlock's hand inside his cloak and under his arse, the hard heat pressing insistently against his own, the warm promise of a bruise where Sherlock had sucked his skin.
“Because you were so busy before I interrupted you,” John said, fishing out Sherlock’s hands under the blanket and pulling him up from the couch.
He chose another blow job video, this time a redhead with small, perky breasts who was swallowing down an unrealistically large prick, moaning around it in high-pitched squeals. It was a little less accurate than he usually liked his porn (he'd never heard a woman squeal like that), but it would work.
Behind me, John’s strokes speed up, if his breathing and the sound of his suit slowly wrinkling into oblivion are anything to go by.
I dip my tongue into the shadows below his collar, shameless in my admiration for his carefully crafted ensemble, from his shiny shoes to the black silk pocket square.
Still, I’m not one to deny him when he has a rare good idea, so instead of bolting the door and returning, I simply turn and present myself for his voyeuristic pleasure. Shameless.
Hamish’s pale blue eyes brighten in the fairy lights. Sherlock feels a swell of pride at the realization that Hamish remembers the wrapping from last year’s gifts from Father Christmas. He’s
When he'd signed on as head of the infirmary and took responsibility for Hufflepuff House, he'd been petrified of the student aspect of his new career path. At St. Mungo's, he'd worked in their youth unit frequently, but that had been more out of station and necessity than preference. He didn't have anything against children--in fact, he was rather fond of them. It was just that the more time he spent around them, the more he ran into children of people who had once been his peers, and it made him feel terribly behind in the plans he'd once set for his life.
John took his head in both hands and guided Sherlock forward blindly. His parted lips found John's ample arousal standing straight up against his jumper. The dreamer's hips helped him get a proper angle for penetration, and there Sherlock was, suckling the head of that perfect cock like an infant on a tit.
John, with his height, was just in line with the hole when he stood, but it was hard to angle his cock in any direction other than straight into the other man's body. He couldn't thrust around in search of the prostate, he couldn't angle himself for deeper penetration. He just had to move his hips and let SH guide him to what felt best--and it all felt best to John.
The blue silk was draped over the alarm clock, where it had been rather unceremoniously tossed at the beginning of their lovemaking before bed. It was six in the morning, almost the same time as it had been yesterday morning.
There was no room in his life plan for a sexuality crisis--though it seemed he didn’t even have time for one. His finger was already nearly pigment free around the base--the band was coming in strong to solidify the match.
It was strange to think that it had been almost three months since he’d last done much more than kiss Sherlock. They still went to bed together, fell asleep together, and often woke curled together, but--how had they not once tried to take their nightly kiss and turn it into something more?
“I think it’s one of those parental worries. I know how our childhoods were with older siblings and I worry that Hamish will
Sherlock looked around at the people passing them in the park, and Annabelle’s curious eyes followed his, ever the observer. He remembered his sense of smell in his early pregnancy, so strong that even the smell of his favorite tea had crippled him with nausea. Suddenly he wished he could go back to that level of awareness. There was an Alpha walking around Regent’s Park, within sniffing distance of Sherlock and Annabelle Holmes, who likely had no idea that if he followed his own nose, it would lead him right to his daughter.
“And this was what you wanted,” Sherlock said quietly, each word breathing life into John’s arousal. “The whole way here, you couldn’t stop thinking about my lips wrapped around this cock.”
Not to mention that John had never exactly found the proper partner to settle down and have children with, though it wasn't for lack of trying. He'd dated nearly every nurse at St. Mungo's, save for a few who were a bit too old (not that they hadn't offered) to catch his eye.
“Yeah, he’s always like that,” Mike replied to John’s questioning gaze. “Sherlock Holmes, John Watson. John Watson, Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock blinked twice and his eyes scanned the room, taking in any changes, before he finally turned his head and looked at John. His lips parted silently, no longer trembling but still seeming unable to form words. He looked very much like a fish out of water.
No longer able to keep himself bent, Sherlock straightened further and began to lavish the tip of John's right ear with small bites and licks and little gasps of hot breath. John returned the enthusiasm, kissing and nipping at every bit of Sherlock's shoulder his lips, teeth, and tongue could reach, all the while inwardly cursing their height difference for keeping him from having his mouth on Sherlock's in this position.
But he wasn't the sole focus of all of John's dreams. He hadn't expected to be, but on the days when he found himself wandering through London after losing John on a mundane Tesco trip or when he'd had to leave the scene of a sibling argument, it made Sherlock wonder how
Sherlock looked surprised. A smug smile settled on his lips, eyes flickering to his brother before settling back on John. "Really?" he asked.
"It needed to be believable that I was a patron," Sherlock explained. "It worked out rather well that you were a doctor, so I didn't have to worry about any seedy diseases. And you weren't above coming back week after week while I worked. It was convenient."
“John.” No deductions, no scathing accusations. Just his name and encased explanations, like these are words that have piled up. Every use of his name that couldn’t pass the other man’s lips in these years. Even though he’s pressed against him, even though he can feel every breath--it’s not enough.
John held up his hand to stop the interrogation that had been about to pour from Sherlock’s lips, and it was probably for the best. It wasn’t fair for Sherlock to dive into a line of questioning when he wasn’t even willing to tell John Annabelle’s
John didn't affirm what he assumed the other man already knew. He'd never been with a woman long enough to suggest not using condoms, and he'd certainly never been with a man other than SH.
The toddler stirred slightly, mumbling something into John’s neck. Sherlock couldn’t hear it, but he raised an eyebrow when John choked out a laugh. It took John a second to calm himself down, and he was still smiling broadly when their eyes met. Sherlock wasn’t surprised to see that John’s eyes were shining, whether from the emotion or his amusement, he wasn’t sure.
John looked down at where Sherlock's hands were almost shaking within his own, wrists held tightly, willingly, and the white plastic was barely visible in the non-existent lighting, but why else would Sherlock wake him up with such enthusiasm?
If they lost her down in emergency, his wrist would bear the scar of her lost soul. He’d know it the second she stopped breathing--it would burn and blister to sear away the dissolved connection until he was left with the blatant reminder that his soulmate had been lost before she’d been found.
This whole thing was a new experience for Sherlock, even years later. At the end of the day, Annabelle was a fascinating and frustrating experiment that seemed blessedly unending. There was always something new for him to learn--not to mention the fact that
John’s head falls back, thumping into the wall without a care in the world, groaning my name in both worship and warning.
“Just one more moment, Sherlock,” John said, repositioning himself carefully. If Sherlock was that close, the slight movements could be the trigger that ended everything before it really began. “I promise, Sherlock,
and he imagined this was the sort of thing two sexual partners should talk about first, but since he didn't even know what color SH's eyes were--or, for that matter, the fellow's real name--he guessed they weren't going to talk about it.
John crept farther into the house, watching the floor for loose boards and praying that no one would hear him before he was ready to be discovered, if such a time came. He imagined that if this man was dangerous, it was best to maintain the element of surprise.
He slipped further down into the water, tilting his head back and letting the suds dampen his hair before coming back up and letting his fingers slip through. As he massaged his scalp, he remembered a time an old girlfriend had washed his hair for him in a much smaller bathtub. The memory came to him as a fleeting thought, warmth pressed to his back in an uncommon role reversal, small hands slipping down his chest to touch him.
And when John woke in the morning after a fitful night of restless sleep, his numbers were still there, ticking down from 10 years, 4 months, 19 days, 8 hours, 32 minutes, 49 seconds. 10:4:19:8:32:48, 47, 46, 45....
John’s mouth was still tenderly moving against their bond, humming contentedly even as they spasmed against each other inside the plastic toy. It was a glorious, unplanned haze. Their bodies were locked together, as they should be, solidifying the bond that everyone had said was impossible. Improbable. Taboo.
Knowing he was in no immediate danger this time, Sherlock closed his eyes, ready and waiting for whatever John's subconscious mind wanted of him.
For a long moment, there was nothing but the ruthless movements of their bodies taking over for their minds. Matching thrust for thrust, gasp for gasp. Heat on heat. Sherlock didn't even know if John was considering it or continuing to fight the obvious invitation; couldn't be bothered to deduce at such a moment.
It was infinitely more complicated than any other first meetings happening in a Bart’s corridor, that was for certain.
As if in punishment, those hands drew away and he panted for a moment, fearing that it was over, he'd ruined it, he'd wake up aching between his own sheets.
Sherlock drew his wand and pointed it at the other man. It was then that John realized Jim didn't even have his wand out. "Both."
While Sherlock’s eyes flit back to John’s list across the table, Hamish asks for a cup of milk and the doctor leaves the room. Sherlock follows a moment later.
In a perfect world, the awkward silence of the car ride would have taken him to a warm, secluded area where Sherlock was recovering from his stint in the snow with a steaming cup of coffee. That way, John wouldn’t have to worry about finding him laying in an archway somewhere, collecting snowflakes on his person in an attempt to discover how long it takes his extremities to develop frostbite.
He didn't say a thing, not even when they'd gotten back to Baker Street and he stripped out of his coat and suit with precise, measured movements, only letting go of his walled-up demeanor when he pulled John into the bed and wrapped himself around him, letting John touch him, caress him, love him until they were both warm and sticky and John couldn't help it, couldn't help whispering how beautiful he thought his younger lover was, because he could see, too; he could see the toll it was all taking.
The man called Angelo held Sherlock up with one arm and flung the door open with the other, shouting out into the street for a Healer while John watched in tense confusion, turning to the window to follow the action. Surprisingly, very little attention had been drawn to the scene, but Angelo and Sherlock were proving to be convincing actors. Sherlock slipped further down to the ground, his expensive robes getting sullied by the footpath of Hogsmeade. It wasn't until he was on the ground that a man approached, crouching down in the dim lighting and helping Angelo with the seemingly incapacitated patron.
It was nice not to have to worry about babies or bonds or anything but the feeling of the man below him. Sherlock rose up a bit on his knees before sliding back down, giving in to his body’s need to be full.
"Isn't it a bit early for this kind of talk?" John asked, wiping his now-sticky palm on a napkin. It was half six and he was only awake because Sherlock had been banging about in the bedroom--and not in a good way--trying to find a "very important" argyle sock because his sock index was out of sorts. John was certain he wasn't in any fit state to be discussing such long-term commitments as
“I do this for a living,” Sherlock said, kneeling back. He wiped his shining lips with the back of his left hand. “I can tell when a man is close.”
The new angle pressed their hips together just so, and John moaned, now leaning down to take Sherlock's mouth with his. He wanted to claim him, to tell the world that he was lucky enough to have Sherlock Holmes. That was all that mattered right now. Not James Moriarty, not Hogwarts, not the Houses, not the Ministry.
"Headmaster." He inclined his chin toward the Headmaster, fearful for a moment that he was breaking some sort of curfew from the way the imposing man was looking at him. Then he realized he was being completely silly. Of course professors didn't have a curfew.
A flash of dark robes and Sherlock had rounded on him, grasping him by the shoulders and looking into his eyes with an almost horrified curiosity. John leaned upwards, wanting to kiss it away, wishing he could get back up against the pillar and invite Sherlock into the heated passion they'd shared only a moment ago.
He could tell when the other man started to get close. His arse began to clench around John, and it was somehow relieving to John to know that his partner was going to get off as well, since he never knew before if the other man was just sucking him off and leaving or if he ever came at the same time.
He had been coming down the hallway, wearing a blue silk dressing gown even though it was well passed mid day. John had just rounded a corner, halting just as quickly as the curly-haired man when he saw him stalking down the hall.
John’s legs shook as he tried to thrust through his orgasm, determined to leave his seed as deep inside as possible. When Sherlock caught on to his efforts, he arched his back, allowing John just that much deeper for the final spasms.
Sherlock couldn’t pretend he didn’t feel a pang of regret when John let himself nip at Sherlock’s shoulder with the thermoplastic barrier between them.
That is, until he saw a hat at the end of the walkway, just at the entrance to the woodlands. It was the brown, woolen hat that the Healer had been wearing when he'd helped Sherlock off the ground. Like a Muggle faerie tale, Sherlock was leaving him a trail.
Still can’t look at him. Looks older, even just out of the corner of his eye. John knows that if he looks straight on, if he tries to engage the detective directly, the man will be gone. Vanish. Thin air.
Fueling the fantasy, Sherlock set the jumper down on his pillow and rolled onto his stomach, resting on one elbow as he balled up the jumper so he could nuzzle his face into the fabric. It was easy to close his eyes and recall the softness of John’s neck, the ease with which he nipped teasingly at the flesh.
"Sorry?" John decided it'd be best to feign innocence. The fewer people who knew anything about his venture into the Dark Arts, the better. He could be very convincing when he needed to be; a skill from being under the terroristic teachings of the Carrows.
“Did the two of you have a little domestic?” she asked. She walked over to the kettle, opening it to check for fingers or charred hair. When she deemed it acceptably clean (honestly, why would he defile his own kettle?) she filled it at the sink before flipping it on. “Is he nervous about meeting her?”
Hamish has rolled onto his stomach and is writing his letter, oblivious of his parents' attention. They both know it’s going to be unintelligible. The only words Hamish knows how to spell on his own are his first and last names. The rest will likely be a jumble of perfectly spaced letters, a result of Hamish’s recent independence streak and his refusal to ask his parents to help him formulate words from his newly-learned symbols.
What had John been asking him? He stroked the man distractedly for a long moment before remembering.
His partner had a light stubble on his chin today, which was unusual, but it wasn't an unwelcome texture against John's balls whenever the other man reached the base of his cock with his lips.
"Sherlock?" Molly asked, ever eager to bring up her favorite subject. Jim must not have been too serious a boyfriend, then.
John’s eyes somehow stayed open through the crashing climax, and Sherlock wondered if they were both documenting it for the future. Something to look back on when the nights grew cold and lonely. Or was he simply living in the moment, unabashedly admiring the way his Omega looked in the throes of passion the same way Sherlock was storing the moment away in his mind palace.
“I’m still a little focused on the first half of this conversation, if you don’t mind.” His husband, a
“Sherlock, I want to take you into the bedroom and get you warm. Can you help me? Sherlock?” John stared directly into Sherlock’s blank eyes. The vibrant blue that usually answered him with a childlike curiosity was gone; gray slate stared back and made John feel like he was talking to a wall. A shaking, catatonic wall.
Sherlock nodded and watched John press the guard into his mouth before slowly dragging himself up on lazy limbs. His entire world was slowly condensing into this room, and all he consciously wanted was for this man to mount him and give him the sweet release he needed. He leaned down on his elbows, enjoying the muffled gasp that came from behind him as his arse was presented fully, completely on display for his Alpha.
John watched the other man as he turned and walked away, his shoes clicking against the stones the same way his words had bounced off them only seconds ago.
“He is my best friend,” John said, his voice softer now. “He is incredible and infuriating and sometimes I think he has the attention span of a twelve year old and the limbs of an octopus, but that’s what makes him Sherlock, and I--I wouldn’t want him any other way.” His eyes met Sherlock’s and he reached into his pocket. He hadn’t kept it in a box (too obvious an outline), but he’d been sure to take it everywhere.
He was going to take a pre-sex shower so he didn't smell like the office when Sherlock got home, but that was when he found two tests in the bin.
John followed the curves of his mind, letting Mary's hands press against the curve of his hip, fingertips playing in the course curls just above his very interested cock. But then, just as quickly as his hand had conjured the image of Mary's small arms wrapped around him, those arms were pale, fingers long, and he could imagine the whisper of black curls against his temple.
My hands, which have somehow snaked their way back under his suit and along the firm and wrinkle-free expanse of the shirt pulled across his back, slowly meander back to his hips, and then to my own to assist him in pushing my bottoms to the floor.
The stranger moaned around him, a low, deep, unmistakable sound that went straight to John's balls, heat pooling there and going straight up his spine.
Sherlock leaned forward, careful of the knot still keeping them joined together. The aftershocks were still pulsing through him every few moments, and John stroked his back as they breathed together. He unexpectedly desired nothing more than for the knot to keep them joined together indefinitely--if this tenderness was what he could expect during a shared heat, he was certainly in favor of doing this more often.
The angle was much more forgiving with a woman, but John paid it no mind, pushing up into Sherlock and gripping those thin hips to help Sherlock find their rhythm again.
"You know that it takes time to conceive," John said one night when they were readying for bed. It was nearly one in the morning and he was exhausted, but the pills out that morning made him feel like it was time to broach the subject again, as if he'd been able to think of much else in the last days.
For all his brain could compute statistics and probability, the most logical outcomes, nothing he knew could help him predict the future, especially when it came to John.
“Is this okay?” he asked. He’d never assume again; he didn’t think he could handle seeing Sherlock like this twice and knowing he’d been the cause.
Sherlock Holmes, who had birthed a child purely due to a mandate from the British Government, had never had a partner to get him through his heat. It had never seemed like the benefits outweighed the risks. The promise of brief pleasure from a knot did nothing to assuage the fear that an unbound Alpha would bite him in the heat of the moment, and then where would he be? Stuck at home with a brood of children and a mate who had taken advantage of his biology when he was at his most vulnerable.
The morning sickness had been a blessing at first--a tell-tale sign of their biological union--but it had been a month and a half since the test, and Sherlock had been plagued almost every morning since.
Ever since Hamish was born, he’s been much more... present than he’d been before. His trips into his mind palace are fewer, and when he does have to go in deep, he’s there for shorter periods of time--and he’s even built a mind nursery to store facts about raising children and trivial bits about Hamish. He can honestly say that he loves John and Hamish, something he never would have thought possible prior to meeting John Watson seven years ago. If you told him he’d be a father in three years back then, he’d likely have asked you to share your secret stash of special drugs, because
“No, John, listen to me.” Sherlock stood then, holding it out to the doctor and stepping toward him with calculated steps, keeping himself from pouncing as he wished. “It’s large enough internally that it will fit two fully erect alphas, including the knot at orgasm. Its inner workings are textured to mimic an omega’s channel. I’ve had it engineered specifically for the two of us--and I think you understand exactly why I’d like to try it as soon as possible.”
Sherlock slowly crawls back up and lies down next to me. I turn to face him and give him a deep kiss. He tastes like me and it turns me back on immediately. I’m more than glad to finally be able to touch his gorgeous curls. When I shift partly over his beautiful body, I realise that Sherlock is still wearing his trousers. His erection is pressing hard against the fabric, and I stop the kiss to reach down and remove them as fast as possible. I stop at his boxers for a second and tuck them down more carefully. His penis is overwhelming – long and thin just like the rest of his body. When I allowed myself to fantasise about this in the past, this has always been the only difficult part. I’ve never been with a man before and the question of what to do with another cock always scared me a bit. Now I realise that my worries were more than unnecessary. Sherlock’s penis isn’t just aesthetically pleasing, it’s also extremely arousing. I never thought I could feel this way about male body parts, but with Sherlock it all feels natural.
He can’t believe this arrogant git, risking his life again and again without saying a word. John feels like throwing up when he thinks about what could have happened to Sherlock.
“It’s fine, John, really. Do you want to talk about what happened in your childhood?” Sherlock attempts a neutral tone.
“Then explain to me why you’re acting so heart-broken lately.” The words are out before I can take them back.
With a frustrated sigh, John enters the flat and looks for Mrs. Hudson, who doesn’t seem to be home, before he goes upstairs to take a pain killer. He usually spends his evenings with crap telly or reading, the structure of his daily routine providing him with tasks after work that make his free time more bearable. He heads towards the fridge without reading the piece of paper clung onto it. He reads the letter every morning after getting up, the words of Sherlock never failing to calm his racing mind. He heats up the remains of the take-away he got yesterday and sits down on the kitchen table, picking at the chicken breast. There won’t be anything of interest on the TV tonight, so he sits down in his armchair after dinner with one of Sherlock’s Agatha Christie novels. He skims through several pages but his thoughts start to drift off to Sherlock again.
Sherlock figured that John was beginning to doubt the affirmation of his reply, so he rushed out an answer.
“Then maybe I should stop having you around,” Sherlock replies. It’s meant as a joke but Sherlock is unaware that he’s hit a sore spot. John falls silent. Would it be better that way? Certainly easier, but not better.
They ended up spending the first day of their vacation at a large playground in Greenwich with fantastic weather and lots of laughter. In the evening, Rosie was so exhausted from playing all day that John had to carry her upstairs and put her to bed at 7 p.m.
Sherlock quickly looks away. “Which train would you like to take tomorrow?” he asks in a casual tone. “There’s one leaving at 9:30.”
“You don’t have to look out for me. I can handle a bit of flirting, John,” Sherlock interrupts his thought process.
John slowly takes the gun out of his back pocket and shoots the man right into his thigh. He’s an easy enough target, standing still in the middle of the room with his back turned to John, completely unaware of his presence. With a heart-rending cry he drops to the floor. John quickly runs over to him.
We leave Baker Street in search for a cab. It started raining, this winter really has been a crappy one. There wasn’t even snow at Christmas, not that I would’ve noticed. Sherlock waves a hand and, as usual, a cab magically appears and stops in front of us. He must have the kind of radiance that allures to taxi drivers.
After a not long enough eternity, Sherlock pulls away. He has to ask this now, otherwise he probably never will. They have never been good at talking about such things.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock says. He stands up as well, closing the buttons on his suit jacket. “Where is he?”
Sherlock leaned back into the couch, as well, and started fizzling with the bottle’s etiquette. “Just out of curiosity, what would you do if this marriage was real?”
Of course Angelo had set up the table at the window for them. Ever since their first dinner there, John and Sherlock had established the routine of going to Angelo’s at least once a year. He had continued to insist on them being on a date, until the first time John had brought Mary to Angelo’s. After that the insisting had stopped.
Upon their arrival at Angelo’s, John pretended to be surprised. When Sherlock let go of his hand in order to open the door for them, John could see him mouth the words
We start working in silence, setting up the crib together. I can hear the distant sound of the TV from downstairs. The girl at the store told me that this crib was easy to install. Well, damn her. I curse silently as I try to figure out the instructions. Suddenly, Sherlock steals it from me and studies it deeply.
Upon first glance, the carriage seems empty but Sherlock quickly discovers the batches of explosives under the seat cushions and the loose floor panel with the main bomb underneath. Apparently, Sherlock was wrong. The carriage isn’t merely filled with explosives, the whole compartment
She finally looks up, her eyes filled with nothing but indifference. She places the knife onto the counter and comes over, her movements careful like a scared deer, but her expression firm. She doesn’t sit down, though.
Sherlock lets out a cry before opening his eyes. John stares at him in disbelief, no words needed to understand Sherlock’s failure.
When the barbecue was done and the sun was starting to set, some of the guests started dancing in the large pavilion that was set at the back of the garden. John wondered why he hadn’t pursued a career at Scotland Yard before joining the army. Apparently, one could make a decent living of it. His thoughts were interrupted by a fingertip poking into his side.
“But why not? I want to see it! Just once, please.” She looked up at Sherlock with pleading eyes, knowing very well that her Papa was unable to resist her charm. John was almost proud of her.
I feel anger crawling up inside me. “Why do you need this stuff right now and why can’t you go get it yourself?” I ask, trying to stay calm. Sherlock has finally opened his eyes and stares at me, raising an eyebrow. I walk over to the kitchen to turn on the kettle. Tea is probably the only thing that’ll help right now.
“Well, I cannot say that I have the experiences of an army doctor in my vitae, but this is mere pastime. I’m waiting for an important call.”
John almost spills his whiskey. He stares at Sherlock, who takes another sip of his drink, apparently unaware of the innuendo.
Sherlock leaned back in his chair a little and took a sip of his tea before replying. “Kids can be cruel sometimes, John. But Rosie is a tough girl; she’s got her mother’s fire. I’m sure she’ll be fine.”
If he thinks back to the last couple of months, he knows that his relationship with Mary hasn’t been at its best. They have been spending less and less time together; neither really caring about the other’s activities – except for John’s time spent with Sherlock. But it had all started before meeting Sherlock, hadn’t it? After only two years of marriage, they managed to drift into a dull routine of co-existence, without as much as a ten minute conversation per day. They lived a life more like siblings than partners. Somehow John had always considered their behaviour normal; like any married couple behaved after the initial phase of infatuation.
“We really have been through a lot, haven’t we?  Do you realise that we met exactly seven years ago today? I can’t believe how much has happened since then. You completely turned my life around, Sherlock Holmes,” I say with a slight giggle to hide the profoundness of my words.
