And then he wanted the thing brought to a suite at the Ritz? Really? And what was Sherlock doing there, exactly? The whole thing was ridiculous.
But after a minute or so, he started to feel overheated. And he ached all over. It was as if the sheet were too heavy.
Irene’s brows went up, and she looked over her shoulder at where Sherlock sat glowering. “Is that it?” she asked.
Light, he needed light to see . . . what he didn’t want to see, but he had to look because Sherlock almost certainly needed, what? Medical attention? Was he even breathing? The darkness paired with the heavy bedspread made it impossible to tell.
And might still be the point.
Boots in hand, John took the stairs slowly and headed for the kitchen, where he found Sherlock standing by the counter sipping a cup of tea. “Had to wash down all that cake,” he explained, as if he needed some kind of excuse. “Want any?”
“Then by all means, enlighten me.”
“I would have expected more tourists,” said John. He was only trying to make conversation, even though he knew Sherlock hated talk for its own sake.
“But why not set his sister up with Mycroft, since he’s the oldest?”
“There has most certainly been a crime,” Sherlock assured him. “I’m just not entirely sure what it is yet.”
Sherlock stopped in the middle of pulling the pad off Brandywine’s back. “The sooner I see the scene the better.”
“Me? No, I can’t imagine I have a reason to be angry. Let’s see, you went to New York while the man you were afraid of held me hostage and forced me into a drug habit that resulted in what I can honestly say has been the worst . . . however many days it’s been of my life . . .”
“Toxicology won’t be done for a while yet,” Lestrade told them as he moved toward the door. “Just thought I’d let you know what we’ve found out so far.”
“Whoever took this picture is in the bathtub with him.”
Now Sherlock shook his head.
Then again, maybe Sherlock would be happy to see this Charles again . . . Was Mycroft attempting to position John between the two of them?
John turned and saw that they’d made it about halfway around the pond now. Looking across it, he realized they’d been walking slightly uphill, too; the pond lay a little below them and the house farther down the slope still, just past the tree line.
“I said I didn’t wear a ring. Novices do, for the first two years. I have one for you, if you want it. I presume you don’t want Markham’s; might be bad luck or some such.”
“What, at uni?” John asked.
Well and good. Sherlock just needed to stop at the flat first.
“After all the panic, you’d think they’d be here keeping vigil or something,” said Harry, adding as a new notion occurred to her, “Oooh, do you have scars?”
“Hm,” was the only answer John offered.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock sighed. “Switzerland is nice this time of year. Ever been?”
“And I suppose he told you it belonged to our father?”
John imagined Sherlock watching them out of the corner of his eye, silently exulting in John’s discomfort. “My hands weren’t steady enough.”
There was an awkward stretch of silence, during which Sherlock merely stared at Eoin, attempting to read in his body language the details of his relationship with John.
SHERLOCK HEARD THE telltale squeal and braced for impact.
He didn’t shower—he didn’t trust leaving John alone that long—though he had, over the course of the days, several causes for changing his clothes.
John sensed the building anger and tension in his flatmate and placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“JOHN.”
“Seems like he requires close attention,” she remarked.
John gazed at the phone and felt his head swim. “You do it.”
“Sorry, dear,” Mrs. Watson cooed, promptly releasing her son.
“No chance to distract him with a sham medical emergency this time,” Moriarty taunted, his smile growing colder.
“Steal whatever it was.”
Sherlock nodded. He understood this was his warning, the line in the sand.
“Chloe shot Henry.”
“Never say you don’t know, Mycroft,” challenged Gerrie. “You know everything.”
John sighed. “Yeah, but unless Sherlock is texting from the shower, it’s not anybody I want to hear from.” Lestrade gave him a strange look, and John quickly amended, “No one important, I mean.” He thought about that for a moment and realized it still didn’t sound quite right.
“I trust there’s actually a good excuse for all this?”
“No. Chloe grabbed Henry’s gun from his belt and used it instead.”
“Try them and find out,” said John, sitting down again to finish his own meal, though he paused and looked at Mycroft before taking a bite. “
“Sherlock,” said John. If he could get his flatmate to look at him, maybe he’d be able to discern the deeper feelings involved, if there were any.
“Well, do you remember what it said?” Lestrade inquired.
But this statement smacked of paranoia; Sherlock needed more facts before he’d be willing to voice such a sentiment. And maybe, just a little,
To John’s surprise, Sherlock actually laughed. “It wouldn’t work. Which is no reflection on you,” the detective added swiftly upon seeing John’s scowl, “or me, for that matter. Elyse has been told what to want for so long, she’s incapable of thinking for herself.”
“We should . . .” Sherlock realized his eyes were closing, that he was dangerously close to allowing the sensation of John’s hand in his hair to derail him. He shook himself awake, throwing off John’s touch. “We should do the swab; they’re going to start wondering what we’re doing in here.”
______________________
It was a low and dangerous tone that Irene had only heard Sherlock use a handful of times in all the years they’d known one another, and immediately she was aware she was in a precarious position. “I don’t . . .” she began, and Sherlock’s frown deepened. “It’s not for me to say,” she told him. “I mean, I thought you knew. Since you’d said Mycroft was keeping you informed of . . . things . . .”
“Unless he lost,” said John absentmindedly. “He certainly hates to lose.”
“YOU TOLD HER what?!” John asked.
“Must have been some fight,” said Sarah, turning to look at where Sherlock was flipping through someone’s stack of messages.
“Depressed respiratory function, euphoria followed by sleepiness, loss of appetite . . .”
“My room.”
“That doesn’t give you the right to take advantage of him!” said Irene.
And in the midst of all this Sherlock had gone to New York?
John’s eyes were fixed on the center of the table. “He had this way of putting his hand behind my neck . . . To stop me from drawing back, I guess.”
?” John prompted.
“What, you’re not going to tell me?”
Sherlock shrugged. “It’s not as if this were ever going to get painted. Not as is, anyway; there’s too much wrong with it. Markham appears to have made himself Saint Simeon, but Simeon was very aged.” Sherlock paused. “He was said to have died the following day.”
“Coming to get me. Staying with me. You could have sent me to a facility. Would’ve saved you a lot of trouble.”
“Then I suggest we plan for a very long holiday.” Sherlock turned one more corner, and John saw they were back at Baker Street. “We’ll pack now so we can leave the minute we’re done with the case.”
“You brought your phone. John, I told you
“Heaven forbid. She’d want to give us pointers.”
, John thought.
“Even if we tossed him in the back of a car right now, the nearest hospital is at least twenty minutes from here at top speed,” Irene said in low, rapid tones. “We’ve called for an ambulance, but he can’t wait that long.”
Sherlock’s brow furrowed as he chewed and swallowed. “How so?”
John felt a pang at hearing Sherlock use Moriarty’s first name so casually but while he was gathering the courage to ask about it—and steeling himself against possible answers—Sherlock said, “I have a question for you now. How did you get into the museum?”
New York?”
Mycroft returned a few minutes later, the stranger trailing behind. “This is Patrick,” he said without preamble.
Irene opened her mouth, thought better of what she’d been about to say, and closed it again.
“They’re going to figure it out. I mean, Michael might not know, but plenty of people do, and if he says anything—”
Sherlock took her arm and guided her in the opposite direction, winning a smile of approval from Irene. “Wouldn’t do to show any particular interest, would it?” Sherlock asked her. “And on average people are more likely to go to the right.”
“I like to be precise,” John murmured. “You feeling all right? You’re breathing’s a bit heavy.”
“John threw a book at me the other night.”
“Was? Never say you moved him!”
have a heart.”
Then the quiet was sharply broken by the chiming of Sherlock’s phone. He pulled it from his pocket and frowned, then blanched, staring at the screen for a long moment before stowing the device once more as the two men rounded the corner.
Donovan eyed Sherlock for a moment to see if he would protest. Then she used Lestrade’s directive as an excuse to slip out of the bedroom to place the call.
Lestrade raised his eyebrows in an unspoken question.
“Which is why I didn’t ask.”
But John shook himself and said, “No, it’s fine. I’m fine. Um . . . I lost track of time, so I don’t know how often he was giving me the drugs, but there was more in the syringe each time. An opiate of some sort, clearly.”
Sherlock reached over and the car swerved dangerously.
“Of course he likes lemon; who doesn’t like lemon?”
“I’m only here as a friend, really.” John forced himself to meet Gerrie’s searching gaze.
“To what?”
“I need to talk to Mycroft,” said Sherlock. “Unless there’s anything you want to tell me first?”
Sherlock ignored the question. “Give me the kit.”
“And even if it isn’t perfect, he probably won’t say anything.”
“What difference should it make to me what color the fucking flowers are?” They’d come to the base of the hill, and Sherlock showed every sign of intending to hike up.
Sherlock turned the bolt and was down the stairs before John had time to relock the door behind them.
He was so involved in figuring it out, several minutes passed before he realized John had returned. Sherlock looked over and saw his flatmate had turned an irregular shade of grey-green.
“It’s not meant to be, Irene. Why would you think this number is John’s?”
John was having trouble thinking clearly; he could feel Sherlock watching him from across the table. “Oh, um . . . They’re upstairs . . .”
“Hungry? I can’t see how you wouldn’t be,” the landlady went on. “I’ve brought up some toast for Sherlock, but I can make more, no trouble. I just didn’t know you were awake,” she added with a hint of rebuke.
“WHAT ARE YOU doing here?” Anderson demanded as John passed him on the stairs, clearly in a hurry to leave. Sherlock followed at a more sedate pace, but neither he nor John answered. “You better not have contaminated my scene!” Anderson called after them as the door to the building swung shut behind their exit.
“That it has something to do with Markham’s portfolio and the work he’d been hired to do at Lambeth.”
“You know him better than anyone,” said Mycroft.
“The window sill, if you please.”
“My boyfriend . . .”
WHERE ARE YOU?
“A dog?” John surmised.
John tried to sit up, but the stiffness in his side and shoulder prevented it.
“You left him alone?” Sherlock asked with surprise.
Sherlock started to smile. Couldn’t. “It hurts, John.”
“Stage fright?” she asked.
“And why would you do that?” Sherlock continued, moving on to the right arm. “For a better angle, of course. And to give the microphone mounted on the back of the face enough range.”
Sherlock looked at her, then quickly away. “Visit?” he asked her as he stepped over to join the two men.
“Just shut up, John.”
. I’m sure they’ll make themselves clear when they’re ready.”
Irene shot Sherlock an I-told-you-so look as John entered and began examining the various pastries. “This one is nice,” he said, stopping in front of a Wedgwood blue confection with lacy white designs.
“Sherlock,” John said again, a bit more sternly. He was rewarded with a turn of the head, though the eyes remained on the computer screen a little longer, and it was with obvious reluctance and effort that Sherlock unfastened his gaze from his work and directed it toward John.
“Or think you loved him at least?”
“John, you shouldn’t,” Eoin instructed.
Irene was just as astounded. “You’re leaving?”
John began slowing his steps, uncertain now what to do. He supposed he should bring Irene up to see Sherlock and let him—
After tossing his phone onto the chair with his coat, Sherlock reached for Christopher’s belt. “How bad have you been?” Sherlock asked. It was a rote question, bred from old habits, and he knew Christopher’s answer before it was spoken.
“What’s wrong with it?” he asked automatically. They were the same clothes he’d been wearing earlier in the day. Then he noticed Irene’s dress—what there was of it. “What are you wearing? A tea towel?”
One of the medics looked over his shoulder at the gathering, thinned out now as Irene had sent most gawpers on their way. “Whoever did this probably saved his life,” the medic said, looking directly at John’s telltale hands before turning back to his work. He and a second emergency worker carefully lifted Sherlock onto a stretcher then draped the blanket back over him.
“And?” Sherlock asked.
But Sherlock had thrown off his sheet and was easing himself off the side of the bed to standing. John watched him closely for signs of discomfort, and Sherlock did grimace a bit, but he otherwise gave no outward indication he might be in pain. Not surprising, John reasoned; if he bothered to check the IV bags, he was certain one would be a painkiller. Without it, it was only a matter of time before Sherlock began to feel the aftermath of his injury.
“Does he? Who was it?”
, John thought when he read it, but he put it back in the pocket with the letter just the same.
Gerrie looked back, her lips pursed. “I’m inclined to tell you to stay as far away from my son as you can. But that seems unlikely. And I don’t feel like dealing with the tantrum he’d throw if I sent you away now.” She considered. “He’d only go after you, and I’d just as soon have him here.”
knows?”
He didn’t particularly enjoy driving, and it had been a while since he’d last done so, but at least a fair portion of the route was the A1, which didn’t require too much thought. He’d been driving for two hours or so when the directions sent him off onto rural roads, and despite the tension that had haunted him all morning—he’d woken up with it, hadn’t he?—the deserted road and spring fields caused him to relax a little. Eventually he opened the car windows for some fresh air.
“He’s not worth it,” Lestrade insisted.
Sherlock leaned in close to John’s ear. “Please distract me.”
Sitting up, Sherlock rolled his shoulders and asked, “Why what?”
Sherlock snorted. “What a stupid question. Anything else?”
He jumped when he felt Sherlock touch his shoulder, gently, Sherlock’s hair brushing his ear. “That’s a nice watch,” Sherlock murmured, and Christopher followed his gaze to the table on the far side of the bed. “A gift?”
“Yes, it’s quite lovely,” John agreed, just to needle him a bit.
“That . . . friend of yours. He upset you. If I’d known, I wouldn’t have let him stay and bother you.”
“But why you and not your brother?” Lestrade wondered. “Mycroft was the one to ruin him.”
John went to the door, hesitated. He couldn’t very well go out there with a gun in his hand, but he didn’t relish stepping out unarmed. He pocketed his firearm but kept his hand ready in his jacket. Then, with a deep breath and muscles tensed to respond to any potential assault, he pushed open the door.
“I saw his wrists,” Sarah persisted. “Rope burn? And the bite marks?”
“That first Hallowe’en. He’s been clean since that Christmas; there’s nothing to worry about.”
JOHN DREAMED, LIKE many a soldier, of coming home. But the house in his dream made no sense to him; some of the rooms he recognized from his childhood, some had the hallmarks of places he’d been or seen but had no special attachment to, others were dim and unfamiliar. He wandered through them, searching for someone, and at long last he came to a door. He knew, in the way one knows things in dreams, the door led outside to a large pond. And although John was sure the person he was searching for was out there, he was suddenly afraid to look.
John closed his eyes again and rolled into the warm spot Sherlock had vacated. Sherlock suffered a moment of pique that his companion hadn’t put up more of a fight to keep him from leaving, then switched his mental focus back to the task at hand.
Also known as the Holmes-Watson house, Weald House was built in 1760 by Charles Baskerville of the neighboring Corring estate as a wedding gift to his daughter Sophie Baskerville Knill. In 1843, Robert Baskerville deeded the house to Siger Holmes as a form of payment for Holmes’ help with an unspecified problem at Corring Hall. Currently owned by Mr Sherlock Holmes and Dr John Watson. All proceeds from tours and events held at Weald House go directly toward upkeep of the house and grounds. Housekeeper Maude Grossman bakes fresh scones daily, and the Christmas festivities are not to be missed. Owner occupied May 1–August 31. Open Sept 1–April 30 for house tours, guided horseback rides and special occasions.
“Him more than anyone,” Patrick volunteered, giving John another poke and earning a glare.
John took his time coming to the side of the bed. “Suicide pact?” he asked, his voice thin.
When Sherlock threw the door to Mycroft’s office open (under ignored vocal protest of his receptionist), the older Holmes did not even look up from the papers he was reading—or attempting to read, given that he kept moving his glasses up and down his nose as he tried to find a distance to his liking. “You have it?” Mycroft asked.
“You listen here, Missy,” Mr. Watson said in his low rumble. “You may be every kind of important where you work, but you don’t ever belittle your brother’s choice to serve his country. You understand?”
“Just be prepared to be railroaded by Irene,” Sherlock warned.
She looked again then frowned and shook her head. “I don’t know. What about it?”
“Are we done yet?” asked Sherlock.
“So you want me to help you with your work?”
Sherlock tried to counteract the surge of adrenaline by closing his eyes and breathing deeply, and it almost worked—until Christopher made good on his threat.
“He expected to be back by midday,” said John.
But it was too late by then, and eating from real plates felt more civilized at the very least. John brought Sherlock’s to where he sat at the computer, and when Sherlock ignored it, John set it down, taking care that it wasn’t in a spot likely to get it knocked over. John speculated that Sherlock probably wouldn’t notice it until much later, perhaps after having dipped a sleeve in it, only to become annoyed that (1) his sleeve was soiled, and (2) his food was cold.
John sighed and went back to his lunch. Let Sherlock ask Mycroft for the whatsit. They could sort themselves out without any help from him.
Sighing, Sherlock tossed the collection of envelopes and catalogues onto the sofa until only the box was left. It was large; it came to his mid-thigh and was almost as wide as it was tall. It was also covered in tape. “I’ll need a scissor,” he said.
“And Bailey returned with the other dogs?”
Sherlock blinked. “I didn’t know you knew that.”
Now Harry stuck her head in the door and said, “Well?”
John waited until they were outside again before saying, “I can’t.”
John closed his eyes and held as tightly as he felt decorum would allow. He didn’t open them again until he felt the horse pull to a stop.
John tossed the case carelessly onto the sitting room sofa and took the distance from there to the bedroom in two long strides. He threw the door open and stopped on the threshold. There were no lights on; the only illumination came from the streetlights outside filtering in through gaps in the drapes, along with the little bit of light trickling in from the open door where John stood.
“The one that pops up when he calls,” Sherlock explained, scrolling through his list of contacts. “Here.”
been a warning. But from whom?
He had expected that the footage would be taken from the vacant apartment and so was momentarily surprised to discover this was not the case; the camera had evidently been somewhere beyond the foot of the bed. Feeling oddly disconnected, Sherlock tried to make sense of what he was seeing. It wasn’t possible that all six or more hours were on the disc, so how was this particular segment significant?
Sherlock while the detective was sleeping. And this particular procedure was likely to sting.
Wanting to make it clear that he was fine with her having a guest—and also a little curious to meet the object of Mrs. Grossman’s affection—John braved the hallway despite his boots.
“I shouldn’t,” he told her now. “It’s a long way back, and I wouldn’t want to disrupt the household.”
“Dead ones?”
“I need to make a phone call,” John told her. “Then I’ll tell you the little bit that I know.”
Charles was at the desk, measuring out a considerable quantity of liquid from the vial into the needle. He returned to the edge of the bed and said in a mock whisper, “It won’t be as bad as you think.”
Mrs. Watson frowned at her daughter. “That can’t be right. That one died.”
John opened his mouth, but Moriarty put a finger up, gesturing with his head toward the door behind him. “Sleeping,” he mouthed as he stepped forward. “We were starting to worry you weren’t coming. But we’ve had a nice visit. I was even able to untie him after he lost consciousness. The first time.
“Not that kind of coward. He was ready to shoot you and possibly me; my winging him unexpectedly wouldn’t have been likely to change his mind.”
“If that’s supposed to make me feel better, it doesn’t!” John called after him before turning his steps toward his own room. There was no question that he would bring his medical bag, and he could get by on a handful of clothing—he wasn’t as fastidious as Sherlock about that kind of thing. His eyes swept the room, feeling as if he were forgetting something. Surely there was more to his life than what fit in one weekender?
John worked to pretend this was news to him. “What, just now?”
“You want me to taste it for you and tell you if it’s spicy?” John asked him, feeling a bit as if he were talking to a child.
Then he looked at John, who gazed back with the open and expectant expression of someone who has been waiting—for his dinner, for his turn in line, for his dead fiancé to appear—and has finally been granted his wish. There was no reservation to be had; in fact, John appeared almost eager, and something inside Sherlock grew a little warm. “You had a good dinner, John?” he asked, feeling the sudden need to be gentle.
For a split second, John was resentful at having been placed in such a no-win situation. Why couldn’t he have a normal co-tenant? Someone who ate on a regular basis, knew how to do laundry, didn’t set things on fire or store body parts in the icebox?
“Who is Sarah?” asked Mycroft.
John threw back the sheet. “Quickly enough.”
A door on the other side of the bed swung open and Gerrie peeked through. “There you are. Where did the two of you disappear to?”
“You must be hungry,” said Sherlock.
“It would have been strange if I had,” said Sherlock.
“Make them leave me alone,” John pleaded.
John tore his eyes from Sherlock just long enough to look at her and shake his head.
“Sherlock and Elyse’s brother are of an age,” Gerrie informed John. “So, you see, they’ve grown up together.”
And whomever he’d neglected was determined to get his attention.
[If he had, Sherlock’s answer would likely have alarmed him. “With passion,” Sherlock might have said, or, “Feeling as if you can’t stand to have anything coming between us, not even a thin piece of goddamned cotton.” But Sherlock was already feverish at this point and any words he might have said couldn’t be taken seriously under the circumstances.]
“I don’t—”
“A large pond or a small lake, depending on who you’re talking to,” Gerrie said, carrying over the teapot and cups on a tray. “Sherlock, bring the biscuits.”
John sighed. Anything would be better than enduring Harry’s incessant questions. “Let’s get on with it,” he grumbled, pushing past her.
Sherlock followed John’s gaze and cursed through his teeth as the bell rang. He froze for second, then jumped to close the morning room door while instructing John, “Dishevel yourself.”
“I hadn’t noticed,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock rose, took a step toward his own room with the idea of changing out of his pajamas. “He wouldn’t, if he didn’t need me.”
The storeroom consisted of tall racks of drawers, some shallow and others deeper. Against the far wall were shelves for even larger items; Sherlock glimpsed busts and statue fragments, various stoneware and metal items that might have bore closer inspection if he’d had the time or inclination.
“He tolerates me more than I do him, I suppose,” said Sherlock as he fell into step beside her.
For a split second Sherlock considered telling Lestrade:
“Did he eat?”
“What size?”
Sherlock ignored the barb. “And he’s been using the information I had saved on my computer to infiltrate and destroy Moriarty’s network. When that’s done, it will be safe for me to come home.”
“The doctor,” the woman said breathlessly as she reached them. “You are the English doctor?”
just your flatmate?”
“Oh. Um . . .”
At last—and it couldn’t have taken long, though it felt like centuries—he’d stretched the tape enough to manipulate his hands, twisting them to create more room until he could pull them free. Then he carefully unlocked his arms, which had become stiff from being held behind him at an uncomfortable angle. Finally, Sherlock removed the blindfold-turned-gag and freed his ankles, all the while attempting to move as silently as possible.
“Then it’ll be here. Somewhere. A portfolio is something you keep handy.”
And now that it
“Right,” said Irene, “he doesn’t want you to touch him. That makes sense.”
“Irene, really, I have too much to—”
Thus reminded of more pressing problems, John sighed and went to collect his toiletries. But when he came out of the bathroom after fetching his shaving kit, he found Sherlock pulling on his coat once more.
John accepted the proffered mobile, but even as he flipped it open, Sherlock said, “Don’t call anyone.”
“True enough,” Mrs. Grossman acknowledged. “There are a few great houses with such galleries, but it’s not common.”
“Huh! I’m sure he had a good reason. Is that where you got the cut?”
“You’d be first in line, I take it,” Sherlock snapped, then sighed. “She would have her choice of suitors, certainly, if her brother didn’t keep her leashed like one of his damn dogs.”
A tide of panic surged through him. “What are you doing?”
“Doesn’t matter,” he said.
“Well, who was he?” John asked. “Why bring him up now? Why give the letter to me instead of you?”
“No need; it isn’t far.”
“My God, look at you,” the man at the door said.
“We should probably get him out of here as quickly as possible,” John suggested.
“Is fine,” she supplied. “His ribs absorbed the worst of the impact, but it clearly wasn’t a close-range shot.”
“I’ve asked them to stay out for the time being.” Sherlock was peering at the sill. “Tell me, Inspector, what you make of this.”
“Then go slow and be gentle.”
John caught Sherlock’s arm, pulled him close and kissed him. He needed to find that core, dip in and feel it wash over him.
Patrick found the doorknob. “Right. See you out and about in a bit then.”
“Bring me a towel.”
“Where’s Sherlock?”
Elyse turned her baleful glare toward John, but Sherlock told her, “He didn’t tell me. I saw the prints in the mud.”
The ceremony was set for late afternoon, meaning the day would be spent preparing. The tents would go up, the tables and chairs were to be set out, the cooking and baking and decorating . . .
“Really?” John asked.
John scanned the spot somewhat high on the brick where Sherlock’s hands had stopped. “There what?”
“Oh, are you going to rebuke me as well?” Gerrie asked. When Mycroft’s brows rose in a silent question, she explained, “John has already taken me to task for not finding Sherlock first thing. But honestly, once you’ve come to terms with not seeing someone ever again, what difference does it make if you do?”
The two women looked at him.
“And then what?” John asked.
“Cadaveric spasm,” said Sherlock as he rounded the bed.
Sherlock took the shirt and slipped into the bathroom to change. “No need to be modest,” Irene teased.
“So, John, you’re all right?” Mr. Watson asked now, and despite his dismissive tone, Sherlock noted the concern in his eyes. A good sign.
Sherlock only grimaced.
“No, no, no,” Sherlock said as he sensed John was slipping. He wanted to gather John into his arms but was afraid to move him any more than he already had. “Blanket,” he muttered, but he was reluctant to leave even for the few seconds it would take him to go fetch one. He took one of John’s hands—it seemed impossibly cold—and looked into his face. The eyes were losing focus, as if awareness was being siphoned off into the ether. “Stay with me,” Sherlock said again. “I need you with me.”
John watched him for a while, hoping for a clue so he wouldn’t have to ask, but he finally gave up. “What are you doing?”
“If I wear it.”
“For what?” John asked.
seen him so devastated as he was after—” She waved a hand. “Whatever it was you did.”
“What’s she talking about, John?” Harry asked, but John’s eyes were closing again. So she turned to Irene. “What do you mean?”
Sherlock grabbed the collar of Charles’s shirt and hauled him from the chair, turning him so that they were face to face. He pushed Charles back against the chest-of-drawers and put the gun’s barrel against the hollow of Charles’s throat, and the amusement in the older man’s face died. “Tell me what you did to him,” Sherlock said evenly, “and if I don’t like the answer, I’m going to shoot your throat out.”
Sherlock searched John’s face as if anticipating a trick.
He went to his door and pulled it open just as his flatmate appeared ready to disappear into his own room. “Sherlock.”
Gerrie was only half listening. “There are three . . . You’ll need the keys. They’re taking one of the boats out?”
He was hurrying past the gatehouse when someone called, “Sir! Over here!” John glanced over, not sure whether he should keep walking or start running as a young man hastened toward him, clearly attempting to flag him down. In the end, John stopped altogether and waited on the pavement to see what the man wanted.
“There has to be more to it,” Irene insisted. “A game wouldn’t have the ability to upset him so much.”
Sherlock threw John a helpless look.
“Or maybe he was just thinking about you,” said Sarah.
“Then I should get back to the hotel now,” said Sherlock, pushing away from the table, his food untouched.
Sherlock started visibly. “You’re not supposed to.”
There were two possible conclusions that Sherlock could discern: either John wasn’t comfortable challenging his sister for some reason, or else he simply thought it wouldn’t do any good.
Sherlock returned the book to the table and followed John to the door.
Charles returned carrying a bowl of something steamy, the smell of which caused John’s stomach to do a flip. John was shaking his head before Charles had made it more than two steps into the room.
If Sherlock had slapped him, John couldn’t have appeared any more stunned. “I didn’t know she was home,” he finally answered.
Was that the one, then? It was a shot in the dark at best, and John knew that if he wanted to be sure he would need to open one of the letters and look at the signature, but he was suddenly reluctant to go that far.
And when John had believed there was no alternative to living without Sherlock because Sherlock had been dead (or so John thought), John had eased himself back into the stream of the normal world and managed to pull off a fair imitation of someone with a life of his own.
“So you’re going on Moriarty’s advice now, are you?”
“What? Goodness,” Charles said, reaching down. “Let me help you up.”
ride.”
“Hardly,” Sherlock scoffed. “John and I are now the only two people who know what it is and where it’s located.” He dropped the torn and burning sketch to the floor and stepped around it, moving for the door.
If only he hadn’t sent Sherlock away from Weald House, or again only minutes before, but he’d broken his unspoken promise.
“Appetite coming back? That’s a good sign.” Irene took Sherlock’s arm and took him in search of lunch.
“I’ll send them all off tomorrow,” John promised, “though Mum will want to know about the plans.”
The muscles in the man’s back relaxed as he resigned himself and turned around.
John made of show of aiming.
“Don’t tell your sister to shut up,” said their father.
Sensing the growing tension, Irene turned to John and said, “We’ve converted the old nursery rooms on the third floor for your parents and sister.” She turned to Sherlock and continued, “And space for your mom, too, when she gets here.”
John’s mouth fell open to protest, but Sherlock motioned for him to stay quiet. Meanwhile, there was a long moment of silence from the other side of the door. John started to think Mycroft must have just walked away, but then came from the other side of the door, “There’s breakfast. If you want any.”
“No! I—”
“Something fast suits our purpose,” Sherlock told him, and putting the car in reverse, he gunned it backward at what should have been (to John’s way of thinking) an impossible turning radius, before tearing forward out of the car park, heading for Whitehall.
“Take the shirt all the way off,” John directed, and Sherlock frowned. “I don’t want it getting in my way,” explained John.
“Ha!” John swiftly suffixed his involuntary bark of laughter with, “Sorry. Uh, no.” He paused. “I’ll have some of the carrot cake, Irene; it might be the last time I get to have any, if Sherlock gets his way.”
Irene made a derisive sound. “Too much of a pain to keep track of. Carrying a bag is bad enough. Come on; everyone will be waiting.”
Thrown off, John said, “They’re all right, I think.”
, but they’ve met Eoin as a friend.”
Sherlock had the fleeting notion that very few people knew him at all, not well at any rate. He’d built his life around a rather flimsy assembly of acquaintances and never felt any worse for it. He could count on one hand the people who could honestly claim to “know” him: John, Irene, maybe Mycroft at a stretch. He wasn’t sure he wanted John’s family to make that list.
Sherlock took in John’s distress and sighed. They couldn’t continue on this way, with him constantly having to stop and ease John’s fears. All the more reason to be done with the whole thing for good. “You’re a solider, John,” Sherlock reminded him. “You knew the risks when we started.”
“Sherlock,” a breathless Henry panted, “where is Bailey?”
John pulled a couple of the other blankets more tightly around him to make up for the loss of body heat as Mrs. Hudson bustled in with one of what Sherlock had begun to suspect was a very large collection of trays. “You’re awake!” she all but shouted.
“It’s so . . . peaceful.”
“Back to the flat. Sherlock’s made it clear he’d rather I wasn’t here. But you probably knew that even before you sent me haring after him.”
Lestrade hesitated. “If you need anything . . .”
, he thought.
But as John turned his steps toward his room so that he might sulk in peace, Sherlock said, “You.”
“I went to school.” Which John took to mean Sherlock had gone
Sherlock returned with a half-meter or so stone statue of some saint, or maybe a late archbishop. He went to the wall, felt again to be sure, then hefted the icon and struck.
“If you’re having a moment, I can leave,” John offered testily. “Except, no, I can’t.”
“JOHNNY!” HARRY CRIED as she swept into the room, drawing the second syllable out into one long, ear-splitting squeal. She was done up as fashionably as ever in her pantsuit and heels, her manicured nails and carefully sculpted hair. Harry was successful (to a degree), and she wanted people to know it by looking at her.
“You’ve met her?” John asked.
“Except sometimes they get loose, as we both know,” said Sherlock.
John didn’t follow. “What?”
Sighing, John wondered whether he should take the Tube or a cab to Lambeth. The Tube would take longer but felt less conspicuous. And something told John he should attempt to keep things low-key. Yet time seemed to be a factor in this whole affair. But as John turned to fetch his wallet, a jingle from his jacket pocket reminded him of Sherlock’s car keys.
“I don’t know. The stable?”
Lestrade sighed. “He’s still in surgery. It might be a while.”
“Not that I recall. No one real, anyway.”
“But what about John?” Irene persisted. “Does he like lemon?”
“Which is why you haven’t been able to talk to him about whatever has come between you,” John deduced.
“Something like that,” said John.
“Nnnnn . . .”
“I’m only here as a courtesy to you, Doctor,” said Mycroft grimly. He stood and tossed the book onto the chair he’d been sitting in. “I’ve sent Sherlock home.”
“You know, I’m starting to think maybe you should stay here after all,” said John.
“Seems like you have enough trouble of your own,” countered Lestrade. “And if it’s true that Moriarty is back, then you’d best tell me what you know. After the whole Germany stunt, he’s a fugitive.”
“But when I try to help you, you act as if
Chloe sniffed in contempt, and John fled to the library, which is where he was when Sir Henry Baskerville arrived.
After a moment’s indecision, Sarah resolved to try and take the edge off things by making John a cup of tea in the staff room. But when she brought it to the office he was working in and set it on the desk, he pulled back as if she’d bit him. “John . . .”
“It will only take a minute, Mother.”
“It’s not impossible.”
He learned to doze while lying on the edge of the mattress as though balanced on a razor blade, and through the equivalent of a tantrum.
“I’m angry about what it’s done to you, that Whitcombe has made it that much harder for anyone else,” said John.
“Okay, fine, wires then,” Irene said. “However you want to look at it, it’s going to take some work.” She hesitated, peering up at Sherlock’s somber expression as they walked. “How are you handling it?”
Of course, they’d opted to hold the ceremony on the east lawn, just as John had originally envisioned; hopefully the weather would cooperate. It was to be on the last day of July, and historically (John knew because he’d looked it up) the area did not usually get rain on that day. There were tents and a false floor for the dinner and reception, but the ceremony itself would be under the open sky.
Charles, meanwhile, was laughing, in and wet and bloody kind of way, which only served to infuriate Sherlock further.
“I texted him where we were . . .”
“Lumley must have given you names.”
Not wanting to leave Tiberius saddled and waiting, John untacked him and returned him to his stall. “Be right back,” he promised the horse before walking back up to the house.
Already Mycroft’s men were moving in, but Lestrade got there first, and it was only after the inspector had Eoin facedown on the grass that John realized there had been a gun.
“They must have thought you took the death of your flatmate rather hard,” Sherlock surmised.
BEEN THERE DONE THAT THX
There came a grinding kind of sound that it took John a minute to recognize as a low sort of moaning. Another minute passed before he understood it was coming from him. He swallowed hard against it to make it stop.
But the paper appeared older than that. It was the kind of lined notepaper students might use, folded in the way a letter would be, and slightly yellowed with age.
“I really do want the hydrangeas to be blue.”
The canyon gave way; Sherlock did not resist.
“It wasn’t me,” Sherlock informed her. They’d reached the flat and he waved a hand in the general direction of the sofa as an invitation to sit. But Irene was avidly looking around.
“It’s a fifty-fifty chance,” said Sherlock, “but given that I had gone to my room before Whitcombe took his leave during his first visit, he—rightly, as it turned out—assumed chances were good that John would be the one to answer his knock.”
“So I gathered, and we’re going to go through that bit too, so don’t you worry.”
He put the book back again, then looked at the chest-of-drawers. Deciding that looking through Sherlock’s socks and underwear would be a last resort, John moved on to the closet. Ignoring the hanging shirts, suit coats and trousers, he went right for the boxes stacked at the bottom. They were the kind one bought to keep old pictures or letters in, exactly the sort of thing John was looking for.
“We’ll have to start a club,” Irene muttered.
“I’m done being helpful,” John snapped. “I’m going to bed.”
“We?”
Charles’s answering smile lacked sincerity. “Need to keep the boy on a tighter rein is all.”
“Sorry. I have trouble keeping up.”
“It’s not an equation!” Irene shouted, and around them fellow diners stopped to look. “It’s not even—I mean, if you absolutely need a metaphor, then it’s chemistry. Okay? It’s about how you feel when you’re near him. Or, or—biology. How your bodies react to one another. I don’t know!” she finally exploded. “God, you make talking to you so much damn work!”
This time Irene hurried to get in front of John, forcing him to stop. “You
So the doctor was surprised when his statement garnered reaction from the other two (living) men in the room. Lestrade said, “Really?” while Sherlock immediately leaned in close to Markham’s hand, almost at once uttering, “Very good, John,” in a tone of grudging admiration. He straightened once more. “You said he had a fiancée?” he asked Lestrade.
“Uh, no. I guess not.” John put the phone facedown on the table and settled onto the sofa.
“We’ve got martlets, we’ve got a bell, and we’ve got a man who knew he was going to die. What else?” Sherlock asked, going back to the sketch for the mural.
“I either succeed or I fail,” Sherlock surmised with a sigh.
“You’ve hurt his feelings,” said Mycroft without looking up.
From down the hall came the screech of the stage door opening. “Tam? You here?”
JOHN TRIED TO think quickly and clearly as he headed back down to the waiting area. He wanted more than anything to be able to take Sherlock back to London, but that desire was at full and open war with his better sense. Because, while Sherlock had made it sound so simple and easy, the minute John had stepped out of his hospital room, it had been as if a spell had broken.
“The calyx?”
John recalled. So leaving it at that, John reluctantly got up to start his day.
“He’s . . . here?” John asked.
“What do you want?” John asked again.
Sherlock craned for a look at the opposite image, which appeared to be two warriors arming for battle. At least they were decently dressed. He was trying to decide which corner to shove the calyx into when he heard the door to John’s room open.
“I know.”
“I know. But it wasn’t your fault. Not then and not now.”
Stepping forward, John offered his hand to their guest. “John Watson, pleased to meet you,” he said firmly, drawing Charles inside before turning to Sherlock, who was looking at him with an incomprehensible expression on his face. John met his gaze and put a hand on his arm. “Sherlock, sweetheart, why don’t you make some tea?”
Sherlock started to smile, and it was like the sun coming out on a cloudy day. But before John could benefit from the full warmth of it, it faded and Sherlock turned toward the guests as a commotion sounded.
John followed Sherlock down the hall to what proved to be a very spacious but sparsely furnished room. There was a wrought iron bed covered in russet-hued satin, a chair and ottoman done in a striped brocade, and a tall chest-of-drawers with a matching bedside table. The one tall window was covered by rust-colored curtains trimmed in gold. A partially open door revealed an en suite bathroom gleaming with marble.
“I don’t know; I may feel different in the morning.”
The landlady stared a little longer before going to the door. “Do try to be nice to him,” she pleaded. “He’s still not completely well.”
“Series of hits on large museums. Been keeping it relatively quiet; the museums don’t want anyone to know and the law doesn’t want to encourage anyone else to try. It’s all been Europe and the UK thus far, but our best guess is that New York might be next.”
Lestrade nodded, and they sat there for some time, Sherlock seemingly having lost interest in the other people who occupied the waiting area, instead focusing on an invisible point on the floor roughly a meter in front of his shoes. An inestimable time later, a doctor pushed through the access doors, went to the desk, and after talking to the receptionist there, he looked to Lestrade and caught his eye.
John’s hand moved experimentally to Sherlock’s hairline. “She made it sound reasonable.”
“Oh.” Gerrie took a moment to contemplate this. “I can’t imagine why you would choose such an unpleasant instrument, Sherlock. Sounds like a cat being strung up. John must be a saint to put up with it.”
But John only shook his head. “I’m going to go position him. Unless you want to do it?”
John threw Sherlock a triumphant look.
“Don’t get out of the car.”
Then, clearing his throat, Sherlock said, “Are you done yet? We should go soon.”
“Good old John, he’ll do anything for you, won’t he?” John demanded. “Stitch up your cuts, pretend to be your boyfriend—”
John shook his head and looked away, frustrated at his inability to follow what was going on.
“But what is it?” John asked.
“John, please don’t damage the help,” Mycroft said with a sigh. “Good agents aren’t in infinite supply.”
Spotting his jacket, John steered them in that direction so he could grab it and throw it over Sherlock’s shoulders. His shoes, he supposed, would have to wait.
“Let’s go for a ride.”
What did he know? Sherlock went through the list again and again as he pretended to sleep, his eyes closed and head turned to the shuttered window. John was being kept at a nice hotel, probably in or near London. And upon reflection, it was likely Irene’s speculation was correct, that John was being drugged to keep him submissive. But what John was being submitted
“What?!” John swung his legs to the opposite side of the bed from where Irene sat. “No! Nonononono! They don’t even like each other!”
“But you never thought he’d actually do it.”
“Maybe you’d prefer some other kind of ring?” John ventured.
“Use mine.”
The horse made the walk back to Weald House take longer than it should have, but even so, John was in sight of the stables inside of fifteen minutes. It and the “paddock” John supposed it was called (was that the word?) stood in a clearing on the east side of the house, though the trees beyond masked one from the other.
John’s eyes dropped to the bottom of the page. The letter was signed “Yours Always, Charles.” No one Sherlock had ever mentioned that John could remember. Which could mean that it wasn’t important, or that it was so old it didn’t bear comment, or simply that it wasn’t something (someone) Sherlock thought John should know.
“I wasn’t being mean,” John had said defensively.
John had come to understand enough about his companion that he knew not to take the words personally, difficult as that was. Because so little affected Sherlock, he often failed to consider that he might yet affect others unthinkingly, that his words and actions might bruise places that couldn’t be seen. These invisible spaces were not frequented by Sherlock; indeed, he was as uncomfortable as a child in church when cornered in them, and as such he became fidgety and irritable—just as he was now.
“Go after me, I mean,” John told her.
“You can’t go alone,” John insisted.
Sherlock cast an eye over John’s worn jumper and jeans. “I see what you mean. We’ll see what we can do; we have to find your things first.” He turned, ready to go, just as Chloe stepped through the doorway. She froze, her big dark eyes trained on Sherlock, watching him the way a person might watch a dangerous animal.
“She’s just an old friend.”
She shook her head. “I tried to stop him, but he . . . What was that French stuff you said?” she asked suddenly.
spectacularly stupid.”
“What I’m saying is, your first thought was what? To fly across an ocean and steal a priceless object from a famous museum? Because that’s really . . . I mean, if your first thought is to just give them what they want, that’s . . .”
“Moriarty is after secret treasure?”
Charles suspected he had stumbled upon a sore point. “I’m surprised you stand for it,” he told Sherlock.
the flat?”
“But he made it sound like . . .”
John’s eyes opened. “What?”
Was the game worth the candle? Evidently the candle—whatever it happened to be—was worth the game.
John’s heart was beating so hard he couldn’t hear anything else. His lungs couldn’t catch any air. He felt like if he tried to take a step he might only fall over.
“I need you to find him, John.”
“Never speak ill of the dead,” John said dutifully.
There was a stretch of silence, and John began to wonder whether the car hadn’t heard him and if he should just go ahead and start driving. But as he sorted out how to use the paddle shifters, the car instructed him, “State your destination.”
“Metamorphosis.”
Sherlock pushed through the split in the sparkling blue drapes at the back of the stage and wondered how he would get around to Irene, but he soon found he needn’t have worried. She was already waiting in the wings. “Who are they?” she asked.
They reached Baker Street a couple hours later, and Sherlock was still asleep. John didn’t look forward to waking him; Sherlock was always irritable when roused from a deep slumber. Maybe he could just finish off his nap in the car and come inside after?
Sherlock sighed. “Is there any lemon?”
“It’s only one reason of many.”
And now Jeremy’s eyes went back to the dead man. “I’ll get the wagon,” he grunted. He handed Brandywine’s rein to John, then moved off as Elyse broke into a fresh round of weeping. John was beginning to see that there was no way Sherlock would ever have been able to tolerate Miss Baskerville in any long-term arrangement.
Like a cat detecting the movement of a mouse, Sherlock’s attention became riveted to his flatmate.
John took a deep breath and reminded himself that being in hospitals made Sherlock peevish, and that he shouldn’t take it personally. “I was hoping this would keep them from kicking me out in the next half hour.”
This information nearly caused Sherlock to drop his façade. “He rides?” he asked, unable to hide his surprise.
Lambeth Palace was the residence of the Archbishop of Canterbury. Now the head of the Anglican Church, but before the Reformation . . .
“Of course,” said Sherlock, striding to the door. “I wouldn’t dream of ruining your happy reunion. I’m sure your boyfriend will be back soon, too, and you’ll want some quality time with him as well.”
Donovan took up a stance leaning against the wall with her arms crossed. “He’s our best witness, you know,” she told Sherlock.
The bag went onto the bed with the other items, and Sherlock stopped to take John by the shoulders and look him in the eyes. “It’s one night. We’ve gone longer.”
“Then yes, I meant it.”
Sherlock flipped the card in his hand and read his brother’s scrawled words:
The shivers began to come harder then, bordering on convulsions.
“Not this time,” another voice said from somewhere in the room. A smooth, masculine voice. “Not yet anyway.”
They fell quiet then, and doubt began to gnaw at John once more. He was smart enough to know, when he looked at it straight on (which he was reluctant to do), that Sherlock filled an almost addictive need in him for excitement and adrenaline; that this was balanced by John’s desire to feel useful, which Sherlock also filled; and that the possibility of going back to his mundane life of the previous two years was a bleak consideration. And he knew that he satisfied Sherlock’s need for someone to admire him, to pet his ego and run his everyday errands. But John couldn’t help worrying that these were also all the wrong reasons to form an enduring relationship with someone. He respected Sherlock, and yes, loved him, but . . . Life with him was impossible and life without him was unbearable.
John picked up the cue. “It was only a couple of dates, Sherlock.”
would Chloe shoot Henry?”
“You have to start from the beginning,” Sherlock told him. “Chloe was the only other person with access to your gun.”
you here. That’s a different thing entirely. Once he’s tested his theory to his satisfaction, he’ll be fine. You’ll see.”
Irene slapped him with the rag. “You’re a coward.”
“Which is exactly why I don’t want to go now,” said John, blinking back tears. He knew he was being childish, but he couldn’t seem to help it. It was too much like when he and Harry used to be left at Aunt Martha’s so their parents could go away for a weekend. Aunt Martha had always been nice enough, but boring; she’d had no husband or children of her own, so there had been no toys at her house . . . And her cooking had been vile . . .
“Must be for you to have been gone so long,” said Sarah. “I checked hospitals, you know. I was wondering whether to file missing persons.”
“Was Sherlock back?” John asked.
Irene rewarded him with a smile. “Irene Adler. And this is Sherlock Holmes,” she added, looping her arm through Sherlock’s.
“I saw her,” said Sherlock.
“Then why are you bothering with me?”
“I’m not. Would you just—”
“I don’t know,” John admitted, thinking furiously. He looked at his own hands. “His fingers are skinnier than mine,” he said. “I think. Not by much, though.”
“He’s not my anything,” John interjected.
“Mm.”
John looked again at the girl holding his arm. She was tiny, didn’t even come to his shoulder. Hardly the image of a high-profile criminal.
John snorted and looked away again. “Did you have it sized?”
“I just feel sorry for it is all,” John told her.
“What did he want?”
“Not without you,” said Sherlock as he took John’s hand and pulled himself up.
John had been feeling fairly steady until that moment. Now the dread was creeping in again, and he swayed slightly on his feet, taking a step back to keep himself standing.
John floundered. “But what else . . .?”
“It will depend on what Anderson finds, won’t it?” answered Lestrade. “Though Whitcombe’s past dealings with you could certainly go to motive.”
“It wasn’t entirely your fault,” said Sherlock grudgingly. “I’m willing to bet he found you.”
“But you knew of him from the letter Mycroft had left you.”
“You make it very difficult for me not to want to hurt you, you realize,” John told him.
“I’m not his keeper.”
Irene arched her brows. “Touchy today,” she said as she took his arm and forced him to lead her up to the flat. “Your housekeeper—”
“I only just looked it up online.” Sherlock pointed. “Mary and Joseph were to bring two doves or pigeons for sacrifice at the Temple, but those—”
SHERLOCK REFUSED TO answer any questions during the cab ride back to the flat, and John was left champing at the bit until his flatmate was settled on their sofa.
“A reliquary. The Templars were said to have collected many, especially while they occupied the Temple Mount, which may very well be where this one is from. Clearly the Martlets feel they have a right to it.”
“I thought you were asleep,” said Sherlock.
“It would seem so,” Sherlock agreed. After a moment he added, “Lestrade has your gun, I’m afraid. I used it to break Charles’s nose, so it was taken with the rest of the evidence from the scene. I’ll see that you get it back.”
John thumbed open the lid. Inside was a ring, the gold band marked in a sort of Celtic knot design, a large oval sapphire at the apex. It was lovely and clearly old, for though it was polished, it showed signs of long wear.
John’s eyes moved in his flatmate’s direction, but Sherlock had gone back to staring out the window. “Sherlock went to shower and I agreed to wait up.”
“Because Sherl is a stress ball, in case you haven’t noticed! And if there’s one thing Christopher was good for, it was . . . that.”
“Because they wouldn’t tell me what I wanted to know,” said Moriarty.
“John?” Eoin asked.
“You’re just John,” said Sherlock, making it sound as if it should have been obvious. “There’s no other word for you. You’re all these things, everything.”
John put a hand to the side of his neck, searching gingerly until he found the sore spot. “Sherlock . . .” he said, still trying to remember, his voice coming out as a hoarse gasp.
John stopped again, visibly startled by Sherlock’s response, and before he could question it—or rescind his proposal—Sherlock continued, “But we’ll have to let Irene have a hand in the planning, else she’ll never forgive us.”
A blanket appeared. John gently laid it over Sherlock, and for a brief moment John thought the eyes lit with comprehension before going void once more.
Irene’s eyes opened wide with guilt. “I’m so sorry! Did you have to bring it up?”
“Turn it off!”
“Then why not just say something? Lovely girl like that, she’d have any number of offers.”
“Here. With me,” said John. He glanced down the long row of stalls. Although many had tenants, either present or out for exercise, there were at least three that stood empty on a regular basis. One of which was used to store extra hay so that Tim didn’t have to go up to the loft as often. “We could go for a ride,” John suggested meaningfully.
“It gives you nowhere to go,” said Sherlock.
When he was done, John came back to where Sherlock had settled himself in front of the computer, roughly a dozen windows open on the screen as the detective toggled between them. A flash of gold caught John’s attention as his flatmate typed, and zeroing in, John discovered Sherlock was wearing the ring.
“No.” John opted to omit that he was counted as a victim. Although there was a fair chance Sarah would lavish him with affectionate attention if she knew (barring the details, which he wouldn’t divulge in any case), there was equal chance she’d blame Sherlock for the whole thing, and John didn’t feel up to dealing with the acrimonious tension this would cause.
Not that he’d ever have the courage to say any of it. Sherlock, on the other hand, never thought about what he said; it all came out unfiltered, sometimes for the worse. But now and again—like that night—his words were beautiful. And the shame of it was Sherlock never knew the difference.
Lestrade grimaced. “Will it help?”
“That’s a woman.” It was a statement, not a question.
“We need to find out from Lestrade where the third heirloom was located.”
“I didn’t know the two of you had girlfriends,” Lestrade remarked.
“Well, I had hoped to meet everyone straight away. But no one seems to be around.”
. Then he took Irene’s arm once more and they entered the galleries.
“For God’s sake, Sherlock, he’s just a kid,” said John.
“Not in me.” Sherlock glanced around. “Where are we going?”
John tossed his bag down and pocketed his keys before striding off toward the library.
But Sherlock only said, “Hm.”
John looked up and down the road, but there was simply no way to tell in which direction any of the cars had gone from that point. So feeling somewhat useless, John returned to his own vehicle and went back the way he’d come, headed for London and the Baker Street flat.
John felt the pinch and almost immediately all the creatures inside him grew quiet and still. He was rising up as if on a wave, and then there was a mouth on his, hot and insistent. But it no longer mattered; John relaxed into it, allowing That Man to do all the work. John’s limbs were already growing heavy, he was slipping under the wave now, and it swept over him, washing away all anxiety.
John was putting the phone away when it chimed.
John could feel Sherlock watching every movement, looking for signs that John might be glossing over the truth. And so John forced himself to stay still, despite how fidgety the scrutiny made him.
“He lives with me,” said Sherlock. “I just wanted him to meet Mum.” Then turning to John he added, “Don’t worry about driving all the way back for your bag, John; I’ll have one of Mycroft’s people swing by and bring it out.”
“Not just a dog! One of my leaders!” Henry halted long enough to cock an eye in John’s direction. “Who’re you?”
John was tempted, ever so briefly, to make a joke of it (
“I’m not—I don’t know what I am,” said John. “I’m—I’m confused, and . . .” He tried to trace his feelings to their roots, but all the wires inside him were crossed.
John sighed with resignation. “How can I say no to that?”
“Torture should be a subtler art,” Sherlock mused.
Tamzen glared. “What do you care?”
“It’s not necessary,” said Sherlock. “Stay here and get some rest.”
“Sorry?” Rings, cars, Lestrade . . . John couldn’t pretend to keep up with Sherlock’s erratic way of thinking.
“WELL WHAT DOES he want it for?” Mycroft was demanding to know when John’s phone chimed again.
“Fine. So where is John? Has he seen you yet?” Irene asked.
“No?”
“Sherlock,” said Lestrade.
“No. You really don’t. You’re brilliant, after all; you’ll find it on your own.” And, turning back the way they’d come, John started back to the house.
“I don’t know; found it on my bed. You take it,” John said. “I’m going to go finish changing.”
“The Victoria and Albert Museum. Not, however, on display. It’s held in the archives.”
“All right.” John stood and walked toward the bathroom while Sherlock shrugged off his coat and followed.
Like the night before, Sherlock went and lay down, though he didn’t try to get close to John. He waited, but John kept his back turned to him, so Sherlock finally said, “John.”
“I was unconscious.”
“The brick here is uneven,” Sherlock told him.
“In saving Henry, Elyse would have been sacrificing Chloe.”
“I was too surprised to see him to think of stopping him,” said Sherlock.
John shook his head. “Not particularly. It sounds awful, but really it’s simply that he was persistent, and I didn’t care enough one way or another.”
Then Harry said suddenly, “You’re the dead flatmate.”
“You would know. You spent the whole meal watching me, waiting for me to make a mistake.”
“I’m not.”
Wondering if it might be a case of marvelous coincidence, John asked, “Is this one?”
Sherlock only stared.
“No, you wouldn’t,” John said with another sigh. “But thank you for the tea anyway. I should just get on with it, take my mind of things.” He took the top folder from a stack on the desk and pointedly flipped it open.
“Did you love him?” John interjected.
“It’s not some beauty contest,” Sherlock snapped, finally bringing his gaze to meet Lestrade’s. “He doesn’t get a consolation prize for being runner up. He doesn’t get to walk away with ‘almost made it.’”
“But I would never—”
“Quickly, John.”
“You know you’re terrible at lying.”
“Maybe something interesting will turn up soon,” John said. “We can ask Lestrade if he needs help with anything.”
“Markham was—” Sherlock glanced up, paused. “What are you doing?”
“I had my gun,” said John. “I could have done something to help.”
THE MESSAGE MADE no sense, for one thing, and he didn’t owe Sherlock any favors for another.
IT WAS EARLY yet, the edges of the sky slowly turning from pearl grey to blue in advance of what looked to be a lovely April day. That was how John saw it, staring out the window of the cab. He wondered if Sherlock ever noticed these things? But asking was likely only to earn him disparagement.
“Oh.” Sherlock was clearly at a loss for the appropriate rejoinder. “You’ll, uh, win her over, I’m sure.”
Irene rolled her eyes and held a finger up to Tamzen to indicate “a minute.” Then she slid out of the booth to let Sherlock up.
John turned away toward the opposite wall in a pointed show of ignoring the attempt at flattery.
, John told himself, then argued:
“Just as well you got over it. Give me my phone.”
“Seems most likely,” Sherlock agreed. “Toxicology will need to bear it out.”
, John thought as he watched Sherlock scan the room. He bent over and retrieved the abused shirt. “I’ll go and call Sarah.”
Mrs. Grossman stole a glance out the windows that gave onto the pond. “Just a quick look,” she said sternly as she stood to lead him upstairs. She brought him into the gallery at the front of the house, where above the fireplace hung the portrait of Sophie Baskerville Knill, her husband Richard Knill, and their daughter Isabelle. But even as she began her memorized spiel, she saw that her guest’s attention was riveted to the portraits displayed opposite over the second fireplace on the far side of the room.
The door to Sherlock’s room swung open just as John was giving the countertops one last wipe down. Sherlock emerged and began making agitated laps around the room. “He’ll be back; he wants something,” the detective muttered without preamble.
John took another step, and all at once the dogs moved forward. John tensed, but the dogs merely began to sniff, some of them putting their paws up on his legs, stretching to get at his hands, which they smelled and licked.
“No, like choosing cake,” said Sherlock.
John’s face registered surprise. “When?”
“The bishop performing the ceremony would ring a bell as a death knell,” said Sherlock.
“No! I mean, just the one.”
“What? Because he looked like you?” Mycroft asked. “Didn’t Sherlock tell you who Lumley was?”
John let it go. “Find it?” he asked.
GERALDINE HOLMES SWEPT into the entry and stopped short, causing Jeremy to very nearly run her down with the not insubstantial luggage.
Not that there had been. But John’s father didn’t know that.
“It’s all ours now, John. There is no your room or my room.”
“Almost never.”
“Well it’s good you can be friendly about it,” John remarked.
John’s head came up. “What?”
“No, no, it’s fine,” he said preemptively. “Thank you.”
Gerrie looked to John. “It’s ‘Mother’ now. It’s only ‘Mother’ when he’s upset with me.” She turned to her son. “And it’s no use being rude to a guest. Go get yourself cleaned up; you smell like a barn. Then you can join us for tea, if you can be civil.”
And then the meal was over, and John found himself feeling a bit like a man who’d just sat through a movie and couldn’t recall a single thing that had happened in it. He was sure he hadn’t exchanged more than two words with Sherlock, if that many, and he wondered if Sherlock was upset about it. Suspicious, more like. John risked a glance, but Sherlock was staring at the sideboard, lost in his own thoughts.
“I just told you.”
He’d let go.
“I’m just leaving,” Sherlock responded dully.
“We weren’t peeking through the windows for God’s sake,” Mycroft growled, and Sherlock knew this was the closest his brother ever came to admitting an oversight. “Irene called me when he overdosed.”
“I trust he’s not a distraction,” said Christopher.
“If I minded every time Irene did something bizarre, I’d be in a perpetual state of anxiety,” Sherlock told him as he took a seat beside John and opened the sealed bag that contained the swab kit.
Sherlock’s eyes began to glitter as he came to understand they were playing a kind of game. But then his gaze darted back to the computer. “I have work to do.”
wanted to be the one to save John, set things right. So Sherlock remained silent, which was all the answer Lestrade required.
Moriarty barked a laugh, but it sounded uneasy at its core. “Come now. He’s no murderer. He’s a doctor.”
“For me?” John asked incredulously. “You let me believe you were dead for my own good, is that it?”
“You’re too sweet for your own good,” said Irene. “Fine. I’ll take it and give it a good home.” She snatched the bag from him and led the way out to the car park where a deep blue Alfa Romeo Brera waited.
Sherlock tried to understand this but realized he wasn’t fluent in the emotional language involved. He needed Irene, still and again; she would be able to decode the situation and feed it back to him in a way that made sense. For now, Sherlock stepped away from the bed and said, “I’ll bring Irene by later. She flew in, but she’s still getting over her jet lag.”
“Then shoot me,” Charles told him. “But you can’t and you won’t until you know everything. Isn’t that right?” Charles’s lips stretched into a nasty smile. “The problem with knowing, Sherlock, is that you can’t stop knowing something once you’ve learned it. And do you really want to be reminded of it every time you look at him?”
Irene crossed her arms and looked at him reprovingly. “You can’t go around saying things like that to people. You’ll hurt their feelings.”
“You’re not really here,” John slurred. “You’re a ghost.”
Unless Sherlock knew that John knew that Sherlock would never store anything personal there, in which case . . . he might? Seemed unlikely, but it was a place to start. Unfortunately, the labyrinthine computer files failed to yield results. Not that John was surprised at that, either, but he was disappointed.
“Fine,” John said now. “What would you like to eat?”
But Sherlock had picked up the guidebook, flipped it open to the marked page. “Who says we’re staying there from May to August?”
“Jonah?” Sherlock repeated with no little surprise.
Sherlock gave John a little push, and finally John opened his eyes. “Time’s up,” Sherlock told him unceremoniously.
“So she wasn’t bluffing after all.”
“He has a new boyfriend,” she went on, hating the way the pitch of her voice rose in desperation. “Duncan, I think his name is.”
“No. Your hands are cold.” Sherlock realized he sounded more severe than he intended, but past experience had taught him anger was an effective defense.
And while that meant more work for Irene, something inside John gave a tiny leap of joy because it felt good to know that, to Sherlock, something mattered. The color of hydrangeas, or his late father—Sherlock was like a canyon with a river flowing deep at his core. The surface was rock, seemingly immobile. But as the saying went, still waters . . .
John looked over his shoulder at the draped glass. “What?” he asked again, feeling abjectly stupid.
“It’s always going to be like this, isn’t it?” Sherlock muttered.
Sherlock scowled and looked to the doorway. There stood Lestrade, and behind him Sargent Donovan. “Who called you?” Sherlock demanded, though he already knew the answer.
“Anything. Everything. John has a loyal heart; I don’t want this to be because he feels he owes it to me. Worse, he has a soft spot for people he thinks need him, a category I apparently fall into. And I’m not interested in being a charity project.”
“Thank you, but no.”
“It even fits,” Sherlock said as he slipped the band onto his finger. He eyed John appreciatively. “You’ve become an apt pupil in the science of deduction.”
John sighed and rolled over as if to sleep.
“Something’s wrong,” Sarah said flatly.
“I could just . . .” John sat down on the edge of the bed. Then he lay down, his back toward Sherlock. But he found himself too aware of the presence of the warm body behind him.  He sat up again.
“John pulled me out. He’s useful that way.”
“Or he could just have taken a different route all together.”
“You hurt his feelings,” she said, taking the cup John handed her.
He reached over and tugged some of the bedspread away from the neck and shoulders and couldn’t stop himself from gasping. He was no forensics expert, but he recognized teeth marks when he saw them. Rope burn, too, and for good measure something small and sharp had been driven in just there, forming a minute but deep puncture wound . . .
“So what will you do with it?” John asked.
She turned.
“Unlike you,” said Sherlock. “But my guess is, your current boyfriend likes. To. Watch.”
“You try him. If you call, he’ll answer.”
“No,” said Sherlock turning a little onto his side, which alarmed John.
Yes, it was a gun.
“A first aid kit,” John repeated.
“What?” he asked, stopping a few steps from where Irene stood at the bottom.
“Oh, dear,” Mrs. Hudson sighed as she watched Sherlock depart.
“Irene!” Sherlock snapped.
“Blood isn’t thicker than water?” Sherlock prodded.
John briefly considered climbing in next to Sherlock, going so far as to kick off his shoes before good sense took hold.
“Okay,” John answered rather stupidly, in the way of a person who has been concussed and is no longer sure what is happening.
Sherlock noted her oscillation. “I hear it’s quite lovely, and unique for running from the front to the rear of the house instead of the length of it.”
“Not really, no. Accurate is what I’d call it.”
“Well, but Mycr—” John stood and reached over as if to help.
If John even knew Sherlock was there, he didn’t show it.
There was a long silence before Sherlock remarked, “There won’t be a theft at the museum in New York.”
John returned and set three sauce cups of varying colors on Sherlock’s keyboard. “Which one is which?” Sherlock asked.
“Have some tea with me, would you, John?” Mycroft asked, but John knew it wasn’t a mere request. “Give your shoes a chance to dry.”
From somewhere outside the storeroom came a loud, protesting voice. “I thought he was CID! He said he was a detective!”
Gerrie waited in the kitchen. “But where’s Elyse?”
“No way to know. Yet.”
“I’ll catch up with you in a bit then,” John told him as he refolded the note and returned it to its envelope.
“The house is that way,” Jeremy told him, pointing. “Won’t take long on horseback.”
“Traditional,” Irene corrected.
Elyse nodded. “I couldn’t move him, and I didn’t want to leave him, but what else could I do? And then I remembered Sherlock introduced you as a doctor yesterday . . . And I thought since the dogs were here, and if I could be quick . . .”
It didn’t matter; he just needed distance and to find a tube station or a street he recognized, whichever came first. Though as it turned out, Hyde Park came first, from which point John was capable of navigating. He considered going home, but thought that was unlikely to relieve the pressure he felt building inside him. So he decided to go on to the clinic. It was always busy; maybe he could get an early start and lose himself in his work.
Mycroft ignored the jibe and began rocking toe-to-heel in his highly polished shoes. “Well, Sherlock, you’ve caused me no end of trouble today. Put the gun down, Doctor.”
“Go see to the doctor,” Lestrade told her.
As had become his custom, John lay with his back to his flatmate. He had been close to drifting off, and it took him a minute to understand the question. “There wasn’t a ring,” he finally answered, half mumbling and hoping that would be the end of it so he wouldn’t have to think about it and could sleep.
“Let him rest here a little first,” Sarah told him. “We can order something in. You haven’t eaten yet, have you?”
“. . . Yes.”
“Well . . .” said Irene, “see . . . Okay, here’s what happened. Sarah gave me the list of people from the clinic, and it didn’t occur to me that
Gerrie smiled. “Yes, well, and maybe some of my mulishness besides. I’ve left something on your bed. As for the keys, we’ll have to wait until Jeremy gets back; I’ve no idea where he’s put them.”
With a thud, John’s medical bag landed next to where he knelt, and beside that, Irene. “You have to help him, John.”
“He didn’t. I told you. I—” John gathered his courage. “I dug around until I found the address.” He did a quick check of Sherlock’s features, but if his flatmate was angry, he didn’t show it.
“Yes, well, as far as I knew, you were dead and no amount of wishing was going to change that.” Realizing how harsh he sounded, he stopped. Took a deep breath. “With Eoin I was just trying to construct something as close to normal as I felt I was ever going to get.”
Mr. Watson cocked a bright blue eye at him and continued. “The two of you went on some kind of unannounced trip to Switzerland? And you . . . fell. Off a waterfall.”
“What?” John asked, thrown. “You can’t just—”
“I don’t remember you being on the guest list,” Irene told Patrick.
“You were close to your father?” John asked.
“No? Oh.” John kept pace for a while before asking, “Then where
“Let me fix your tapes first.”
Sherlock gave him a strange look, remarkably similar to the ones Mycroft sometimes threw at him. But all he said was, “Phone?”
Sherlock took in Jonah’s constricted pupils. “You’ve had another hit.”
“He went home.”
Sherlock watched understanding break over John’s features like dawn over a horizon. “Well, I do . . . like helping,” John admitted. “Not that I’m much help.”
“I’ll try to clean up the flat a bit, too.”
Sherlock only shrugged.
“Nonsense,” Gerrie declared. “Can’t let him have his way by acting like that. Now come along to the kitchen and we’ll see if we can’t find Chloe. She’s not going to be very happy when she sees the mess Sherlock’s made with those boots . . .” She steered John down the hall, past the staircase, toward the back of the house until they came to a room where the red brick had not been plastered over and a large fireplace still dominated one wall. The rest, however, had been updated with stone countertops, distressed wood cabinetry, and shiny appliances.
His eyes fell on the bedside table. It was lovely, really, made of dark wood and with a little drawer that didn’t look big enough to hold much of anything. A book maybe.
“I can cook,” Sherlock protested.
the opium . . .”
“Not too much too fast,” Charles warned, “else it’ll only come back up.”
Sherlock grew very still. He felt as if he were snatching at airborne threads and trying to weave them into something useful—a blanket, maybe, to ward off the chill growing around him.
MRS. GROSSMAN LISTENED for the running water, to be followed by the stereo being played too loud. Mr. John, as she called him, was like clockwork. Once the stereo was off again, he’d be down for his breakfast and out the door for some air. He’d be back for lunch, then in the office or the library for the afternoon. She’d bring him his tea, and that was the time of day she could chat with him about goings on at the house. Sometimes it was business and sometimes it was just gossip, but he always listened, and if something needed doing, he saw it done. He was a good man, Mr. John was.
“He has John and his friend, that girl . . .”
But Christopher said, “No, but she might end up at your place with . . . John, was it? You saw her cozying up, and you know how she is; she can turn someone inside out before they know what’s happening to them.” He finished off his wine and set his glass beside Sherlock’s.
“You could have just asked Mrs. Hudson,” said John.
Sherlock was bent over the bodies again now. “He can confirm a couple of my suspicions. This one worked in a kitchen of some sort.”
“I’m sure she was. Just make sure the green room has fresh linens,” said Sherlock. “Come, John, I’ll show you the rest of the house.”
John only shrugged.
John walked over as Sherlock pulled the sketch free. “It’s . . . interesting, I suppose,” he commented.
“No,” he said again.
“You!” Henry exclaimed. “You’re just as bad!”
“Are you all right?” Lestrade asked, and John realized his expression had probably tipped the inspector off.
“Sherlock . . .”
, he thought, then silently corrected his tense:
“No,” said Gerrie. “If you were to insert yourself into things, it would only make it worse. They’ve grown up together; they’ll sort it out. They always do.” She turned away as if to leave.
“And he’s sent you home again now, after Moriarty . . .” John went on.
“What, now?” John asked as he released his hold, though he stayed close to make sure Sherlock wouldn’t falter.
One side of Irene’s mouth quirked up. “Does it bother you?”
“I didn’t leave him in your hotel room so you could ask him to my wedding a couple years later!”
“I think he’ll be that irate at having lost to the Martlets, and he’ll be prepared to take it out on me,” said Sherlock grimly. “The fact that Elyse is willing to pay him is just a bonus.” He unlocked the street door and John followed him upstairs, then produced his key when it became evident Sherlock didn’t have his.
“That’s Mother; never met a color she didn’t like. Yellow . . .” Sherlock seemed to be considering the array of doors.
“It’s not a zero-sum game, Sherlock. We didn’t trick the Grim Reaper by tossing a couple of counterfeits under His nose.”
“I can’t say,” said Mycroft.
“You’re shouting,” was all Sherlock said.
“Yes.”
“Someone shot Henry?” Sherlock asked.
John came over to stand and wait, idly reaching for the ring. “Funny about this castle,” he said.
“Anderson? Why would Anderson be here?” John wondered.
“I’ll feel much better when we’re out of here. Can you do it?”
“Probably.” Sherlock began to press the prints away with his shoe.
“Yes.”
“But they’re so . . . worldly, I guess. God, even Irene is more stylish than I am,” John realized, the idea suddenly depressing him.
“No. But John is going to faint if we don’t feed him, so if you wouldn’t mind . . .”
“You’ve done this before,” said Irene.
Sherlock stood and Mycroft waited for his brother to pass and exit the room ahead of him, an old habit born of Sherlock not always following when he was expected to. But Sherlock stopped beside his sibling and said, “I almost lost him, Mycroft.”
It wasn’t immediately clear to Sherlock that John had meant him, and even Mrs. Grossman and Mrs. Watson were looking at John expectantly.
Sherlock hesitated. “All right,” he said softly, setting something on the tray beside the untouched water and bread before exiting. And John didn’t want to look because he knew what it was and what it meant, but his eyes were drawn to it anyway.
Sherlock only stared, afraid anything he said might set her off again.
“It’s a wonder you have such a thing as an old friend,” John snapped bitingly. “But then, if she stays far enough away, maybe that makes it easier.”
“Then perhaps I should be on my way,” Sherlock said, rising from the table.
Had Sarah called and asked John over? If that were the case, John would have left a note . . . or a text message. Sherlock glanced around, trying to remember where he’d left his phone. He was starting to get cold, too; he would need to go find a shirt soon.
“That makes me feel better,” Sherlock remarked dryly. He looked at the urn. “I have no idea where I’m going to put it.”
“Best not to think about that,” said Mr. Watson.
“I haven’t been
His throat tight now, Sherlock could only answer, “Mm.”
“Or that last night?” John went on.
“It had to have been Irene,” said Sherlock. “Though I can’t imagine what she was thinking.”
Mycroft cocked a brow. “But it’s a good thing you were here.”
The markings continued up to the platform that overlooked most of the waterfall. Mud on that platform and a broken railing confirmed what John already knew, but he stretched himself out on the waterlogged wood anyway, and gazed down into the roaring cascade. Nothing. There was nothing but tons of water, icy from the spring melt, falling nearly 100 meters into the pool below. John was forced to squint against the spray. And that was fine. Because it was as good an excuse as any for the wetness of his cheeks.
But Sherlock’s eyes had moved to the bed. “What’s that?”
John was bewildered. “A baker?”
“He’s over here,” she said, striding past. They were in a clearing, most of the grass dead, though pale green shoots were beginning to show. But not more than five meters away was a stand of trees. “That’s Corring Chase,” Elyse informed John. “I’m guessing that’s where Henry was headed, but he never made it.”
“What does that do?”
John blinked, confused, or (Sherlock supposed) possibly just lightheaded from such thorough snogging.
“The woman in the apartment?” asked Lestrade. “Shall we begin rounding up women with red fingernails who are wearing black dress shoes?”
“Didn’t what?” Sherlock asked numbly.
“It was here when I got back,” said Sherlock, neglecting to remark on what—or who, rather—else had been there. “Don’t cook, John; we’ll order something.”
“Don’t you take that tone with me, young man. I—”
“A lucrative enterprise,” said Charles measuring out the amount of liquid in the needle. “I’m going to assume you don’t have Sherlock’s tolerances.”
“And you believed her.”
“No. I wouldn’t dream of intruding on your sweet and vapid little conversation. When you’re done—”
JOHN’S FIRST TASK was to go out and find his shoes, which were sopping. Next he planned to search for his car, but when he came back into the kitchen, Mycroft was waiting for him at the table.
John wasn’t sure whether he was relieved or disappointed.
Lestrade shook his head.
But now the man was leaning in as if to speak to John after all. “Not that I have any particular love for you,” he said. “But! Today the role of Sherlock’s heart is played by John Watson, and I intend to make good on my threat.”
But Fiver was shaking him now, gently but firmly, which John thought was impressive for an incorporeal being. He tried to bat the offensive spirit away, but it was difficult given that John had his back to it and didn’t feel like rolling over.
John stared at the steaming mug. He didn’t even like oolong that much; he preferred Darjeeling. Shouldn’t Sherlock know that by now?
“Get me in and I’ll tell you.”
Sherlock scowled and John turned his attention to the landscape. It was lovely, the late April sun warm and bright against the green expanses dotted with early flowers of white and yellow. The road stretched on ahead and behind with no other cars in sight, and he had no idea where they were or what direction they were going. It didn’t really matter, though, did it? He would enjoy it for what it was, as long as it lasted.
“The Celox. I need the Celox.”
“Some of Markham’s things had already been moved to the new flat,” Lestrade reminded him. “These might have been the least of his belongings.”
“Just the ones with people,” Sherlock corrected. “You know, the sick kind. How did you find me?”
“Well,” said Mrs. Grossman, who prided herself on her good manners and never liked disappointing people, “I should say the least I could do is offer you some tea before you go.”
Like breaking people out of hospitals when by every metric they should stay put.
“After I’m finished,” said Sherlock. “What on earth did you step in with this one?”
He ran his hands over his face, took a deep breath, and selected the most recent letter from the pile. Which, upon reflection, wasn’t all that recent, since it hadn’t been sent to Baker Street but to Kensington, where Sherlock had lived with his brother.
Slapping down a collection of catalogues, Sherlock snapped, “I asked Christopher to leave because he distracted me from my work.”
John looked at his father uncomprehendingly. “If it were Mum, would you stop to clean yourself up?”
“After what he did to you?” Harry asked him. She turned on Sherlock. “The mess he was after you fell off a mountain or whatever it was—”
“You haven’t missed much,” Irene told him ruefully. “He was way worse before he met you.”
This time John obliged. Sherlock ran the buds along the inside of John’s cheeks, dropped them into the container and sealed it. “Done,” he said as he stood. He was almost to the door when John asked, “You want to know what I remember?”
“I’m Sherlock,” Sherlock finally said, offering his hand. “Sherlock Holmes.”
“Remind me,” said John. When Sherlock didn’t respond, he added, “Or was that all I get?”
Sherlock shot him a disdainful look but got up and went to the desk all the same, where he slapped the ring down next to the computer before digging through a pile of paper for a scrap to write on.
“I’d like a tour of the house,” he said.
proves correct,” said Sherlock with a glance at Irene. “And if it doesn’t . . .” Sherlock shrugged.
“Then I never remember mine,” Sherlock told him. “That hurts, by the way.”
Charles returned from securing the door and instead of returning to the chair he’d been sitting in, he perched himself on the edge of the bed.
“So you’ve come all this way to forget about it,” Irene went on, taking his bag and tossing it onto the sofa. “We should be able to do that without too much trouble. What are you in the market for? Fling or full on rebound? I’d suggest a one-nighter, but you’ve always had trouble with those.
“Another time,” said Sherlock.
“He told me so I wouldn’t panic when you turned up missing,” John retorted.
John kept staring.
“John?” Irene answered. She sounded breathless, as if she’d run for the phone when it rang. “I thought you might call today.”
“I get it; it’s fine,” Sherlock said as he pulled open the door.
The wide-eyed innocence put a crack in John’s heart, and he almost dropped the subject. But his parents were coming, and his sister, and it would be better to have this done with first. His parents had met Eoin completely by accident when they’d come to visit for a weekend and Eoin had dropped by unexpectedly. They hadn’t suspected anything—Eoin hadn’t been that dense, thank God, though if he’d been waiting to be introduced as John’s “boyfriend,” he’d been disappointed—but Harry would figure it out in a matter of seconds.
Sherlock only shrugged again as he focused on his food; suddenly he was ravenous.
But Sherlock was frowning thoughtfully at his mother. “You put him in the room that connects to yours?”
And then it occurred to John that he could just go after Sherlock. Make sure his . . . boyfriend? John tested the word in his brain . . . didn’t get into any especial trouble. Or, failing that, at least make sure Sherlock wasn’t alone when trouble snared him. It would peeve Sherlock, and John wasn’t in the mood to start another fight, nor did he want to make things more complicated than they already appeared to be, but he couldn’t help but worry a little. Or a lot.
“My God, John,” Charles said as he set the tray beside the bed. “You
Mycroft held his brother’s gaze but didn’t answer, and after a minute Sherlock looked away, lips pressed together in what John knew to be a token of his frustration and irritation. After another long pause, Sherlock turned again to Mycroft and asked, “Is John in any danger?”
John kept glancing at Sherlock who remained steadfastly silent on the topic. “Yeah, why?”
“No! That won’t work,” said Irene. “They know us too well. They’ll talk around us. I’ll talk to John; you go talk to Sherlock.”
John hesitated. “I was on my way back to London anyway,” he reasoned. “I suppose I could look into it.”
Sherlock half dragged John back upstairs, not speaking until they’d reached his room. John found himself standing there, desperate to look at anything but his flatmate, and thinking that even the electric lights couldn’t make all the blue-grey any less dreary.
, Sherlock thought. He mentally calculated the odds. Moriarty was either going to kill him or he wasn’t; complying with his wishes wasn’t likely to have an effect on the outcome.
“Good thing you were here,” she went on, and Sherlock deducted a few points for lack of observation. Anyone who’d been paying attention should have been able to put at least a fair amount of the puzzle together. And anyone who’d done that would not have thanked Sherlock for being present.
“Sherlock, really. It’s just that my family, they have a sixth sense for . . . And you know what a terrible liar I am. I wouldn’t be able to hide it.”
“Does this mean you’re not going to help us?” Sherlock asked.
Daisy’s dark eyes flicked toward John, as if to assess the truth of Sherlock’s words. She evidently found them credible because she wasted no time pulling together two full plates of eggs, toast and sausage along with two mugs of tea. “Probably not eating proper at your place,” she said as she set the drinks down.
But Patrick was looking down at his hands. “It didn’t happen more than . . .” He held his palms up in his lap as if attempting to count.
Irene’s mouth fell open, and while she tried to find her voice and give an answer, John asked Sherlock quietly, “Is Patrick any good with computers?”
“They’ve always been high. You used to think this was fun, but now it’s nigh impossible to get you to agree to come along.”
“Nothing spooks you, I’m sure.”
“I thought Irene helped you sort it,” said Sherlock.
“Almost as long as it took you to get here,” Moriarty went on. “Anyway, you should ask what you really want to know. Like: whether or not he cried, or if maybe he enjoyed it a bit.”
John’s eyes traveled up the column to which the man referred, which seemed to buoy the wooden ceiling above.
“IT’S NOT YOUR fault,” Sarah told John as they picked at the Chinese food they’d ordered. “You had no way of knowing.”
John gave the kind of shrug that comes with being resigned to having nothing unique to offer. He was there to state the obvious, to trail behind the shiny Sherlock Express like an unnecessary caboose whose only potential function was to signal the end of a train of thought. “Only that this one is or was married.”
Sherlock whipped his head around and stared hard at the doctor. “What?”
As John moved to follow Sherlock out, he glanced back at Mycroft and paused when caught by the man’s steely glare.
he asked himself.
“Nonsense, I like having a reason.” Chloe entered from a connecting door, carrying three plates laden with food, and John suppressed the impulse to get up and help her. The dish that was set in front of him did indeed look delicious: roast with gravy, potatoes, carrots, and miniature Yorkshire puddings.
But since he had . . .
He was down to the last three boxes and wondering whether it was worth the effort as he paused to stretch, almost falling backward when he overextended. Something caught his eye. He had to lay almost flat out on the floor to see what it was: a thin wooden chest, not more than two inches high, that had been slid into the little bit of space afforded by the chest-of-drawers’ short legs.
“You help people,” Irene reminded her friend. “Like Stuart. You’re allowed to help yourself, too. And part of helping yourself is giving yourself permission to be happy.”
John glanced worriedly at where it lay, mostly consumed now, on the rug. “Um . . .”
“You couldn’t go for something with more space?” John wondered aloud.
Tamzen regarded him with frank curiosity, Jonah kept his eyes focused somewhere toward the center of the tabletop, and Demetria said, “Mm-hm,” and patted the seat beside her. “We’ve heard all about you. Come sit over here by me.”
Sherlock shrugged as a plate was laid in front of him. “Box another one of these, would you, Stuart? Please?” Sherlock added when Irene lifted her eyebrows.
Sherlock looked up. “What?”
John looked stricken, and Sarah knew she’d hit the mark. “Well, he . . .”
“I’m afraid not. You can talk to John, though, as soon as he’s out of the shower. Ah!” He spied his other shoe near his worktable and swooped down upon it. “Keep him here, would you?”
Sherlock’s cheeks colored. When it appeared he wasn’t going to answer, John said, “Mycroft left it for me, an old letter from Whitcombe to Sherlock, written early on during his imprisonment.”
“Who can compete?” Irene asked with a sad smile.
John studied Sherlock a moment longer, then looked away. “Did he do those things to you?”
“Just like that?” A note of panic was creeping into Sherlock’s voice.
“And what should I do? Put on a bathrobe, curl up on the sofa and cry for a week? That wouldn’t accomplish anything.”
He’d narrowed it down at least. After taking into account everything he knew about Sherlock—the way he dressed (well but not overstated), his watch (expensive but not flashy), his furniture (elegant but not ornate)—John was relatively certain he could find the right ring.
Sherlock shrugged and tossed the stack of papers back into the inbox. “Don’t know what you’re so upset about,” he grumbled as he stalked past. “It’s not as if
“All right,” Sherlock agreed.
“Thanks.” After an awkward pause, John added, “Well, I’ll just—” He snatched up his bag and made for the door.
Sarah looked at John. “What?”
“I’m surprised to find you here,” a voice said some time later, though it felt to Sherlock like no time at all. “You hate hospitals.”
“I want to be sure I understand all this,” said Mr. Watson once Irene had turned the corner. Sherlock gave him the same blank stare he applied to Lestrade when the inspector said the same kind of thing before encapsulating the finer points of a case. “You were John’s flatmate. He used to mention you, quite often actually, which probably should have been our first clue.”
“Did you ask Dawson about the missing ring?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock looked distractedly around the room. “Where are your cufflinks?”
“No.” Sherlock pulled back, but John held on. “Look, you’re amazing,” He told Sherlock earnestly. “That you’re even up and about is . . . A lesser man would still be in bed, if not under it. And you’re the most brilliant person I know, but humor me here. You absolutely need a medical consultation for your physical injuries, and right now there’s the very real possibility you’re having a post-traumatic reaction that’s causing you to overreact to things like gaps in the drapes.”
Mycroft lifted his brows, a smile touching his lips. “They’ve had their uses. But you don’t see me wearing a ring.” He nodded at Sherlock’s hand, and Sherlock self-consciously twirled the gold signet with his thumb.
“I’d feel better if you’d let me take a look,” John told him. When Sherlock continued to hesitate, John added, “If they’re really fine, then that will be the end of it.”
“Is this what the two of you are fighting about?” Sarah wondered.
“Hm?”
“Then we’d best be quick,” said Sherlock. “This is our wedding day.”
“You’re not going anywhere until you explain!”
Sherlock was aware of Harry’s eyes on him, but he took care not to respond to her intent gaze, focusing instead on John, who moved his head on the pillow slightly but did not open his eyes.
Irene walked quietly to the door and put her ear near it. “Case?” she asked.
Surprise swamping his nerves, Sherlock’s gaze returned to his flatmate.
“Of course, now that you’re not dead . . .” added Irene with a grin. “So, when do you want to pull this thing off?”
Irene took the phone and regarded the image. “Aw, he looks sweet. Kind of like a puppy.”
“You seem to be healing up well,” said Sarah. “And how are you doing otherwise?” When all she received was a blank stare, she asked, “How do you feel?”
“I heard the dispatch,” said Lestrade, “and when I heard the address . . .”
“This is work too. And I need you with me.”
Worse than that, the moment Mycroft laid eyes on John, the older Holmes would see exactly what they were up to. And then they really would be in trouble.
Lestrade sighed. “And we’ve hit the wall in the investigation. We can’t figure out what it is or where it’s coming from.”
Sherlock froze; it was a possibility he hadn’t considered. But he resisted the temptation to look again. He could do that later, look and think about all of it later. After all, the flight back to London was a long one.
“Dr. Ruskin hasn’t cleared me for riding yet; you know that.”
John wondered how much Sherlock had told her. He decided it would be best to remain non-committal in any case. “Better. Thank you. I just . . .” He moved to disengage himself. “I have a friend coming over, so I want to get cleaned up a bit.”
“And why should I trust you?”
John considered sending back a snappish reply, or even just suggesting Sherlock ask Mycroft directly, but decided that might only make him seem as childish as his flatmate.
John started to sit up, but the point of the cane planted itself firmly in John’s chest. “Stay there for the moment, if you would,” Moriarty requested. “Now,” he went on when it was clear John would not resist, “if you want to prevent me from opening his veins all over your bedspread, you’ll do as I say.”
“Certainly.”
“Mum, my shoulder.”
SHERLOCK DID NOT wait to be buzzed, waved or escorted into his brother’s building; he sailed through the common areas and past a number of raised eyebrows, John hurrying nervously in his wake, casket in hand.
“This wedding is making you sentimental,” said Gerrie. “He’d laugh to hear you say such a thing.”
The question pulled John out of his tangential musing. “Fiver?” he echoed. “He was a lad in our brigade. We called him that because he was always so nervous, so sure we were all going to die.”
“You almost did this time,” Irene pointed out.
“Neither did you.”
“You’re not curious?”
And somewhere in those piles of papers that were shoved into and between the stacks of books was the solution to this mystery.
But Sherlock remained stubbornly obtuse. “Know what?” he asked.
“Why not? What difference could it possibly make to him?” Sherlock finished removing the pad somewhat more roughly than was typical, and Brandywine stamped a foot in annoyance.
Mycroft’s gaze landed on the emblem emblazoned in the corner. “It’s a martlet over a castle tower,” he said dismissively, picking up his fork.
John waited. The cane was retracted.
“Okay, children,” Irene announced, “play nice. He’s got enough going on without you bickering.” She looked to Sherlock. “Is that what they call it here?”
“He’s small but quick,” Harry said with all the authority of someone who had spent a lifetime antagonizing her brother and therefore knew his methods.
“He derives a certain amount of pride from it, yes.”
“He told you for a reason,” Sherlock said half to himself.
“You’re leaving?”
Mycroft finished whatever he was doing and stood as well, giving John a look that made him feel as if he’d just been read as clearly as a map. But the only thing Mycroft said was, “I should go up and see him.”
“And you don’t yell at your sister,” said a voice from the doorway.
, or a
SARAH KNOCKED SOFTLY but wasn’t surprised when she received no answer. She eased the door open a fraction. “Um . . .”
“When his last boyfriend left—”
Behind him, Sherlock heaved a sigh of exasperation. “Suit yourself, John; I’ve done what I can.” It was a clear dismissal.
“Right,” John said, as if the sigh had been a perfectly succinct argument against the suggestion.
“Not you, Mother.”
“And if I’d left a note telling you I was going off for a week, would you have left it alone?”
Moriarty detected the motion of John’s gaze and smiled. “Oh, he’s in there. I’ll reunite you in a minute. I just need to—”
“An hour ago. And she’d last spoken to Markham about three hours before that. What are you doing?”
“Can’t what?” Sherlock asked him as he strode down the sidewalk, John working to keep up.
Sherlock plugged John’s response into the equation. “You’re upset because I wanted
“If not then it’s the next closest thing.”
“Really?” John asked, unable to keep the bitterness from his voice. “This is what you’re thinking about now?”
“I need to go,” Sherlock replied desperately as the stretcher was lifted.
Both Gerrie and Sherlock turned their full attention on John. “What’s that, dear?” Gerrie asked, and John knew she was giving him a way to retract his rudeness, but the spark of annoyance in him was only getting hotter.
“I’ll never get there now, will I?” Sherlock sighed.
“He tried to keep me out of it. Under any other circumstances he wouldn’t have cared.”
Sherlock wasn’t quick enough to hide his surprise. “I did?”
Nothing.
Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed in the words. Because, yes, he’d gone to Weald House to see that John was well, but he’d also gone to see if there was any evidence of John’s affection for this new arrival. Pictures? Or worse, was Eoin himself at the house? He’d been relieved to discover that quite the opposite was true, that much at Weald House acted as testimony to John’s devotion to Sherlock. Though it troubled Sherlock somewhat to see the ring was absent from John’s finger.
John held his breath as he waited for Sherlock to finish.
“Certainly. He talked so much more about you than about any of his other, er, friends. Made you sound very interesting.”
Brow furrowed, Gerrie took a tentative step to one side. “Take my things upstairs,” she directed.
“Call Lestrade,” said Sherlock, starting to walk again. “Ask him to meet us there.”
John nodded. “And two hours might make all the difference,” he added in an infuriatingly reasonable tone.
It occurred to John to try texting Sherlock, but he wasn’t sure if Sherlock were in a situation where to do so would be safe for him. And it was too early to visit the Lambeth Palace Library, which was the only part of the grounds open to the public. Good God, had Sherlock broken in? The very idea made John feel sick as he strolled around the outside perimeter of the archbishop’s residence, covertly eyeing it for signs of Sherlock.
“Then make yourself some tea,” John told him. “I’m going to shower.”
IT WAS DINNERTIME before John set out for the Ritz, gilded lily in hand. It was an odd little object, a gold-plated ornamental staff of about four inches topped with a decorative sort of fleur-de-lis. What use it could possibly have, or for what reason it might have been awarded to Sherlock’s great-great grandfather, was impossible for John to divine.
John gave a short nod; it was no new task, after all, though the stakes had risen dramatically. Then he slipped out of the office, rushing to catch up to his companion.
“No, this one’s an
MYCROFT, MR. WATSON and Harry were seated in a neat row, Mycroft and Harry each involved with their mobile phones while Mr. Watson watched people come and go through the emergency entrance. John approached him first, but even before he had the opportunity to say anything, Mr. Watson rose and asked, “What’s the matter, John?”
John passed the sight as a mere hallucination; the result of his recent, frequent overexposure to the eccentricity and mystery that is Sherlock Holmes.
“It means
The first time Amelia Lestrade-Holmes brought a flower to the school was on the first day, and John couldn’t help but frown. As a teacher, he’s seen boys give flowers to the girl they adore plenty of times before, and that’s no surprise—but he can’t figure out where they got a
Sherlock stared down at the leaf, and smiled up at John.
It turns out that Sherlock Holmes is
. When he asked, she said, “
The first day Amelia Lestrade-Holmes was to be picked up after school by Sherlock, John was worried. Amelia’s parents were out of the country, thus the task of picking up Amelia was entrusted to Sherlock. The last thing John would want Amelia to go through is something bad, and Sherlock is a magnet for everything bad. Since he lives nearby Sherlock’s home (where Amelia is sleeping over), he did the one solution to the problem: accompany Sherlock and Amelia on their way back home.
That day, John found out that Sherlock
The first time Amelia Lestrade-Holmes started bringing specified flowers (“
He couldn’t help but frown at the red carnation.
The stream of flowers never stopped.
So when John passed by Sherlock’s shop a few blocks away from the school, his eyes became large and comical in disbelief. He couldn’t believe what he’s seeing:
The first time Amelia Lestrade-Holmes used the language of flowers to express herself to John was when she broke a vase. She was sad for the whole day—her shoulders were slumped in shame, her head was facing the floor in embarrassment, and her silky brown hair was covering her eyes. She was never one to talk more than necessary (except when it comes to things that interests her, like flowers and bees), so when she came and gave John a purple
But when a bee stung a child nearby the bushes where Amelia was checking her flowers after school, Sherlock quickly removed the stinger and brought the crying child to the nearest bathroom for soap and water.  He did everything with practiced ease, knowing exactly what to do and what not to do, as if he had done this a million times before.
That day, John came home with a split lip, a bruise on the right side of his face, a bad mood, two outraged parents, and a mental note that he will
be around Sherlock Holmes
The first time Amelia Lestrade-Holmes brought Sherlock Holmes to John’s attention was months later, during the Parent-Teacher conference. Amelia’s parents, DI Lestrade and Mr. Mycroft Holmes, were both unfortunately busy that day. So, instead of the nice pair of parents that always make John somewhat envious, John finally got to meet “Uncle Sherlock”.
