“Means the portal won't collapse on itself, like it did at SHIELD,” Tony continues to explain, then spots Thor standing all mighty, looking at Tony like he’s the alien. “No hard feelings, Point Break. You've got a mean swing,” Tony tells him, tapping on his bicep. “Also, it means the portal can open as wide and stay open as long as Loki wants,” he adds.
And he felt way too good to ruin it.
"Oh, God. That's cute. Shall we book for a June wedding?" Tony says and Rhodey chuckles, nodding. "What about you?"
"Why didn't you do more?" he hears Steve's voice in his mind.
Tony looks at him from behind his sunglasses for a while and then looks down, too. “In that case, then, I was wrong, too. I didn’t mean what I said, you’re much more than a bottle,” he says, his tone jokingly. Steve huffs a laugh at that.
At that Tony just groans. "Jesus, ok. Who do they think they are? Soulmate sex gurus or something?" Tony says, annoyed and Steve just laughs quietly. "You don't see me asking about the fact that Natasha very evidently pegs him every time, do you? Jeez, have some fucking empathy."
He closes his fist and it sends an electric shot to the doctor working on him. He doesn't even turn to apologize.
“Tony, I’m so sorry,” he says, again and Tony shakes his head and rolls a hand through his cheek.
Maybe so, but Steve’s gut – though Steve doesn’t know Tony enough yet, he keeps reminding himself – says otherwise.
"I had to get you to shut up somehow," Steve breathes on his lips and Tony's entire body is acting like he just got an electric shot.
“Almost, it’s just like you pronounce Diana,” Dayana explains.
“Okay, J, introduce yourself,” Tony says.
Pepper narrows her eyes at him after she turns to face him from her spot. “You’re a terrible liar, you know,” she says.
It’s by the third semester that he realizes he’d been wrong this whole time; he thought the lack of a surname on his body meant he was broken beyond repair, straight out of love, finished, but that was just a big capitalistic monster of publicity trying to sell you their sixteenth blockbuster on soulmates post-apocalyptic love stories.
Rhodey looks at the footage as the voice talks and starts rubbing his wrist out of impulse.
“That’s what happens,” Rhodey shrugs. That’s what he gets for outright endangering his reputation.
"Yu gave me a week to gather intel on Barnes so I thought I could head over The Avengers Tower and use Tony's tech to help the search," Rhodey says, standing up and grabbing his uniform jacket from the chair and folding it around his arm.
Maya nods a little. "That's a great idea. Let's go," she says, smiling politely.
He closes his eyes and breathes shakily. There's too much input on his brain now. Too many questions he can't answer.
Tony's hands in the matter got busy before Steve could truly notice; he had fallen to the marvels of Tony's care with just his mouth.
"Hey," Tony calls for him, hands on the sides of his face. They're just standing by the edge of Steve's mattress.  "What happened?"
Tony looks like he’s never been touched in his life before but as he opens his mouth to respond, the elevator beeps open again.
's what he wants,” Tony goes on. “He wants to beat us, he wants to be seen doing it— he wants an audience,” he concludes.
With flashes and more questions, the faceplate closes again and Rhodey moves back to stand beside the President.
“No showers,” Tony cuts, his eyes unsteady, like he’s having flashbacks. Rhodey nods just once. “Just— just give me some wet towels and some deodorant and cologne, I’ll be good to go,” he adds.
“Tony, I came here ‘cause you said there was an emergency, emergency got taken care of,” Rhodey says, but Tony’s already making his way towards him. “Listen, I’ll meet you at the Tower later, okay? There’s some stuff I gotta tell you,” he tells Tony, quietly, then goes to address the rest of them. “Nice to meet you all,” he says, and gets a few nods and a wave.
“здрасти,” he greets, his voice quiet.
But Tony knows he's been having this nightmare since long before that girl fell into Strucker's plate. "I wasn't tricked, I was
“Jarvis,” Bruce greets.
At that Sam scoffs. "That rich ass boyfriend of yours can't spare a few checks for you?" he jokes.
They don’t fill the air with any other unnecessary, dangerous statements. They’re getting excellent at saying everything they feel with their glances alone.
They've been looking unsuccessfully for four days straight but they get nowhere. Ultron's managed to outsmart him and Bruce at every turn and it's actively pissing him off.
Dum-E beeps and twists on its spot just as Tony’s sitting on his stool.
When the doors open again he finds that, unlike his room, the common floor is very different from how he left it. The glass walls are completely dark. Where before he could see the bright blue sky, along with a landscape of New York’s imposing skyscrapers, now all he can see is dull blackness.
Rhodey stares at him, expressionless. He’s calculating the outcomes from tossing half of them to the other side of the room just for gigs; he knows it can’t possibly end well but he entertains the thought just for his pleasure.
He bites his lip and presses the tab, it’s like no computer he’s ever seen, but, he’d better get used to feeling like that. “With the forces of darkness pressing in, coming east from the west, America leads in the fight for freedom. And in the front battle, shoulder-to-shoulder with our boys is Captain America!” a man on a video starts saying, showing footage from his old movies. “A product of exciting new science, Captain America is the name every nazi fears. He’s out there, fighting for the land that we love and he won’t sto—” he presses what looks like the off button and the screen goes black.
Fury sits silent and blinks at him.
“You didn’t sign up for this shit,” the Colonel replies without a beat.
Tony just can’t fucking breathe in this city anymore.
"I have changed, haven't I?" Peggy asks, softly. Steve chuckles in reply. "So have you," she adds, twisting his hands slowly to rub her thumb over his wrist, on top of his mark. "He told you to call me, didn't he?"
But Steve’s eyes are wide with shock before he looks to the side, a heavy expression in his eyes. “Can, can people do that?” Steve asks softly.
"It's Iron Patriot—"
This time he’s not just sad, he’s broken.
Rhodey stands from the table he was resting on. "He's in your files, he's on the Internet— what if he decides to access something a little more exciting?" he wonders. Steve's not quite following.
“Where? You rented my room,” Bruce says, pointing towards the next room, where Loki’s cell is.
Steve just shakes his head at the idea.
"What's next on that thing?" Tony says, peeking his head from the couch.
“It’s okay. Hey, it’s fine. We’re together now. It won’t happen again,” he assures and Steve nods.
It's all escalating very quickly but it's the closest they've gotten to Ultron since his attack in the Tower.
"Wow," Tony mutters as they walk in. "They really do love him, huh?"
Tony steps in with the uttermost effort at not making gag noises as soon as the smells hit his nostrils and instead tries to focus on getting his hands clean. Just as he’s about to rub his right one he spots some odd, black lines on his wrist. He rubs it with the towel, too, and then takes another look.
He opens his eyes and everything's moving slowly around him. Everything is fuzzy and out of focus. He rubs them with the tip of his toes and tries again.
Pepper is breathing heavily as the adrenaline rush dies off when Tony calls for her: "Pep?" he says, moving on the floor. "Red hot chili," Tony tries again and Pepper turns, a look of shock in her eyes.
“Not if you don't leave,” Tony offers. Thor’s room in the compound is almost as luxurious as his own.
“You mean you don’t
No other thing to focus on now. Nowhere to run.
Rogers nods at him almost smiling. “Right. I caught his act in Stuttgart,” he reminds.
“I think Sunday. I still haven’t got the bus tickets,” Rhodey says.
“Ain’t mocking, Tony. Congratulations,” Rhodey says. “I’m proud of you,” he adds.
Rhodey comes into the office of General Yu and finds him with no other than General Ross, chatting.
“Yeah, you got a mark, man. Congratulations,” Rhodey says, only half-sarcastically. Tony almost feels like punching him, but he only glares. “C'mon, dude, ain't that what you wanted?”
“Like, how does one even
Rhodey remains fully professional during the whole thing but there’s a kid inside him who’s jumping excitedly on the spot.
"The worst part— is that
"Just represent. Pull," Rhodey instructs.
“What is that?” the old man asks.
But Clint puts his fingers in his ear. “Oops, too late, I can’t hear you.”
Tony’s eyes lazily begin to open, his body uncurling from the position he was laying. He yawns into his palm and breathes in the coffee smell. Then he notices.
"Don't die playing superhero!" Allen shouts before Rhodey gets in the back of the car.
“I was nearing on soul-crushing, but, yeah,” Tony says, sitting back next to him again and grabbing the file. “You think it was a good call?”
, platypus,” Tony replies. Seriously, how did he come up with
"Alright. Look alive, Jarvis. It's playtime," Tony says, beginning the scan on the thing. "We only got a couple of days with this joystick, so let's make the most of it. Update me on the structural and compositional analysis," he asks.
Pepper smiles and looks around the room, but Rhodey’s got no one near. “Tell everyone I say hi,” she says.
He should’ve fucking known better.
"Bucky," Steve whispers, turning to his best friend standing in front of him.
They set the date for the following month and Steve hangs up with a knot in his throat, anticipating the moment that was due to come.
Then Clint procedes to try to move the thing and, as predicted, fails.
“Me?” the God of Thunder asks.
But then he realizes the whole innuendo implied and feels the embarrassment wash him over.
NO HUGE CHAPTER WARNINGS FOR THIS ONE. This one's a bit of a build-up but I hope it gets you all excited for what we've got next, which is Age of Ultron events.
So, absolutely with no impulse control, Tony mutters: “Oh, I'm starting to want you to make me.”
Steve's been cursing a lot since they started hunting down HYDRA three months ago.
The story of his alter-ego, however, is a much deeper mystery. Like Yu had suggested, the Winter Soldier was presumed to be involved in at least over two hundred deaths in at least 23 different countries.
“It’s better if you’re here,” Tony mutters and reaches out his hand for Rhodey to take it, hold it, just as the doctor is looking at his wounds, and then lets Tony squeeze as hard as he can when they move his shoulder back to its place.
“You know, I've got a cluster of shrapnel, trying every second to crawl its way into my heart. This stops it,” Tony shares, tapping on his arc reactor. “This little circle of light, it's part of me now, not just armor.  It's a terrible privilege,” he adds, walking over to stand in front of Bruce.
All three of them chuckle at the same time.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s your floor here, in the Tower,” Tony says, like that explains a lot. “Look, I know it might seem like a lot but I just thought, you know, if we have to be assembled again, it would be cool if Bruce and I can tinker around in a lab without SHIELD goons looking at our every move. Then I figured you guys would appreciate a place to work out, train, get your head of things,” he says, pointing at the drawing board behind Steve. “Plus, you know Thor is technically homeless when he comes here, right?”
"The Winter Soldier is an American citizen," Yu says, looking at the file before he hands it over for Rhodey to see.
“What the hell was that?!” Allen yells once they make it out of the little street market.
"Is that a name?" Steve asks, frowning.
"Peg," he mutters and Peggy smiles in that beautiful, young smile of hers and Steve can feel his heart flutter.
Steve has an amused smile on his face as he puts coffee into the modern coffee machine. Look at that.
“My work?” Maya asks.
Steve nods with a pout. “Sure, it’s okay,” he says, but he’s looking down.
He can still see the thick red of Tony's blood.
“You're supposed to be locating the Tesseract,” Fury reminds him.
"Uh, it's a tattoo, I don't think he had it," he answers.
“Think the guy's a friendly?” the Captain asks him, standing up.
"Yeah, but Killian built that think tank on military contracts," Maya retorts.
He doesn't take long, as usual, and he meets Tony outside in no time. "Hey," Steve mutters, as he approaches him. "Do you know where—"
They lay him back down again but this time it's different. This time he's got a thing to fight for.
“Sorry,” Tony says, still a little out of breath. “Did you like the costume rabbit?”
HUGE THANKS to
“Why do you say that like it’s a date with the electric chair?” he mutters, dropping into his chair behind his desk.
," he defends. "I meant, it's funny that, you know, Steve's best friend was called James, my best friend is called James," Tony explains.
But Pepper needed him and it had been forever since she’d taken a leave, so he was gonna pull through and dust off an old persona he had long since forgotten.
(See the end of the chapter for
Like everything else was just some artificial replacement. Like he's been living in a pod and was just let out of it for the first time just now.
He clicks the light off and then gets under his covers, giving one quick look at the haunting ‘James’ written on his wrist.
Rhodey just almost glares at him. “He’s not doing anything,” he says, pointing at the picture again.
"I'm gonna fucking choke on this churro—
Pain and loss —like fighting—, he knows.
“Damn, that really is something else, isn’t it?” he adds then, and Rhodey feels like he’s trying to be friendly, but Rhodey’s just really tired and it’s been almost a year since the mark appeared and he’s given up on over-thinking about it. “James is, you know—”
"Ah, nothing. He just gave me some stupid insight on soulmate behavior— he's probably way off. He's straight— one can't really trust him, you know?" Tony says and then he covers his head again.
“Hello, JARVIS,” Rhodey greets as it finishes removing his armor.
"Fuck," Steve lets out sharply, softly, all of the sudden when Tony taps his tongue on one of his nipples in the same breath he pulls his pants down.
Tony takes that in and makes his way around the table, grabbing his phone from his back pocket. “I should probably look into that once my decryption program finishes breaking into all of SHIELD's secure files,” he says.
Tony draws his chin up, puts his hands on Steve's neck and lowers him enough so they can meet half-way. This one lasts a little bit longer, but it's still fairly soft, just Tony's lips slightly nibbling Steve's pouty lower lip, Tony taking in all that soft bergamot orange and rosewood smell of Steve's aftershave.
Steve looks down, his arms crossed. "Jarvis was the first line of defense. He would have shut Ultron down. It makes sense," he says, looking down.
“Is that what just happened?”
Tony nods and reaches for him without thinking. He puts his hand on Steve’s forearm and makes him look up. “But, you do know you haven’t, right?” he says and Steve blinks at him distant. It makes Tony let go and gather himself. “I mean, Peggy’s still here and Barnes is off, alive, somew—“ Tony stops himself too late.
Bruce taps on his screen for a few more minutes before he sighs and speaks again. “Since you’re so down to talk about uncomfortable topics, care to tell me why you’re being so hard on Steve?”
Hill tilts her head. “We're not at war, Captain,” she says.
In just a flash, an army of aliens are charging at him with lethal force and Tony brings his arms up to protect himself, but before he feels the blast knock him over, a shield gets in front of him, diverting the fire.
“Feels good, yeah? I mean, you've been after this thing since S.H.I.E.L.D. collapsed,” Tony says, talking about their last couple of busy months. “Not that I haven't enjoyed our little raiding parties, but—“
“That's incredible. Essentially you're hacking into the genetic— operating system of an organism,” he concludes, with a bit of her help.
“Hey, don’t bitch at me. I’m only trying to help you,” Tony says.
“Another Asgardian?” Natasha asks behind him.
“Maya’s really lucky—“
But Nick's words were ringing clear in his ear. And Natasha hadn't given him many reasons to trust her lately. "I don't know," Steve says, shrugging.
Steve shakes his head but he's still standing. "Nah, he's right, we should just eat," he says.
"No, but— you died," Steve says, slowly. Confused.
“Central to my Administration's response to this terrorist event, is a newly minted resource,” President Ellis says on T.V. “I know him as Colonel James Rhodes, the American people will soon know him as the Iron Patriot,” he adds before Rhodey steps in the spotlight.
Tony laughs softly. “To be honest, taking down a whole government organization gone Nazi-level of bad trumps threatening one tiny fake terrorist. So, it might take you more than stuffed animals and those pretty eyes for me to forgive you.”
His soulmate.
The faceplate lifts up and Rhodey goes, unflinching: “You have known me as War Machine, now you know me as Iron Patriot. America is my home. As a wise man once said, our flag – that’s the blood of the men who died building this country, and the stars they were looking up to. As Iron Patriot, I carry them wherever I go and I promise to help you if you need my help, regardless of your color, nationality or beliefs. Because our primary founding stone is that of freedom and love. And as of right now, the Mandarin threat is my top priority, that I assure you.”
He finds Doctor List by the computer and sneaks up to him. Once the Doctor notices him there, he blasts him unconscious.
“Hey, it’s not like I have her doing it for free, okay?” Tony says, raising his eyebrows.
"Then finish it," the man mutters, his face smushed and beaten but his voice unfaltering. "'Cause I'm with you 'til the end of the line," he adds and it breaks something in him.
Tony walks back to the computer and decidedly ignores Pepper’s email with his week’s schedule and instead flips through the R&D department archive of pending and pitched projects.
“I slept for 70 years, sir. I think I've had my fill,” Steve answers, still throwing punches at the bag.
Tony puts his hands on Steve’s shoulder and pushes him just slightly into the tiny room, just in the right spot for him to get the view without spoiling the whole thing in one go. “Okay, open,” he instructs.
"Are you okay?" Tony asks, suddenly, looking at Rhodey's hands with a frown. Rhodey realizes he's been absent-mindedly rubbing his wrist this whole time.
Tony looks at him and then back to the medical staff, and he lowers his head then sighs. “Not everything,” Tony says. He swallows hard before he takes off the Air Force jacket they gave him on the ride there, exposing some light coming out of his chest like a magic trick.
Everyone groans in fake pain.
soldiers,” Tony almost spits.
Sam is looking ahead, too. His eyes wandering around the room before he chuckles softly. "Well, listen, I wouldn't know what to advise you with in these— soulmate affairs," he explains and rolls up his jacket to show Steve his mark.
However, he still says “Take care” to Steve, grabbing his elbow carefully.
"Well, that's sick—  no, I didn't do anything with your father.
Rhodey nods with his eyebrows raised. "I mean, why should I go after one man alone like I'm some sort of overpowered hitman? We don't even know if he's the only man-weapon they have," he says, grabbing a few other files. "All these? They could've easily been committed by an army of them."
“I got a party,” Rhodey says, smiling smugly.
But his voice sounds off, and Steve can't quite get what he's feeling.
"Tony!" Steve yells, his face smushed in small horror. Tony opens his mouth, raising his eyebrows, and shrugs. "
Steve takes a breath and goes for two cups and then pours the coffee into them. He takes them both in his hands and goes over to the living room, gesturing with his chin for Tony to follow.
Tony shouts a ‘hey!’ as Rhodes releases Steve’s hand.
"Well, I wouldn't say that— just a very dedicated serviceman," Rhodey tries to play off, his eyes going between both men.
Tony sweeps it all away and goes: “Hey, I've read all about your accident. That much gamma exposure should have killed you.”
"Wait. No," he says, but she's already swaying them around. "Peggy, where's Tony?"
Which Rhodey understands how it comes across a little too late.
“Captain Rogers?” a woman greets and Steve's sudden excitement flies off the window.
A dead beat.
When he turns, he sees her and his heart flutters and shrinks. Peggy Carter stands shorter than she was but somehow bigger. Her brown waves are entirely white and way less shiny. Her eyes have gotten to a lighter shade of brown, dulled down but as she walks over to him, her eyes shine.
"I took his money," Maya clarifies.
He runs to his suit with so much of a nod towards Rogers. He got it, because again, maybe he
Inside the elevator, Steve feels expectancy bubble up in his stomach, Tony stands still next to him — a considerable distance but it still manages to make Steve’s skin pick up some form of electricity.
Tony smiles, he knows she's right. "I'll do something about that, too. Promise."
“Right, that and—”
“I know, I’m sorry, I lost track of time.” That’s his favorite, most accurate excuse.
Tony can see the communications room in the back, so, Rhodey's been working over-hours, too.
“Álvarez?” Rhodey asks, frowning. His old roommate from IFT stands, in civilian clothes, in front of him. “What are you doing here?” Rhodey asks, offering a hand.
At that, the man breaks his stoicism and smiles.
Tony sighs and shakes his head.
“We've got some hitters,” she replies.
He turns to find Clint shrugging at him.
On the way to the elevator a crowd of fans and reporters way for him, they get past them just fine — Happy’s been getting better at the bodyguard aspect of his job, though he still needs to keep working on his boundaries issue — but by the time they’re getting to the elevator door another guy reaches them.
Remembering who he was and living with everything he did was going to be the punishment he got for allowing them to turn him into this monster.
Fighting he knows.
"What's that?" Tony wonders, blinking.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever. Look, when can you start working?” Tony asks.
He saves him. Because that defies the orders they gave him, because that goes against their wishes, their desires.
“Flight crew, secure the deck,” a command comes from the speakers and the carrier starts to shift beneath them.
Tony smiles and takes the offerings, not thinking twice about his peeve of being handed things. Maybe it’s okay if it’s coffee, or if it’s Steve handing it. “Thanks,” Tony mutters. Steve only blinks at him. “I—uh, I have to go,” he adds, apologetic.
The mission seems harder this time, his hopes rise and fall each second, but he’s fighting alongside a God and a giant green raging man and they have a duty to do save the people, or die trying.
Rhodey puts his hands together and takes a deep breath. “Well, biology doesn’t seem to agree,” he says, raising his eyebrows at Tony's wrist.
“Yes?” he replies, his tone gone down.
Tony blinks and nods as he takes a few steps towards him. "Yeah—hey, how did you get here? Did Pepper contact you?" he asks.
“Come on, sour patch. Don’t be mad,” he says.
"Come with me, I'll take you," Pepper offers, because she is going to get to the bottom of this and Maya is a good place to start.
“Alright, fine,” Tony breaks excitedly and then gets closer to him as he whispers: “I did it.” Rhodey frowns at Tony’s tiny and yet ecstatic smile. “I mean, technically
Rhodey finds out after his daily run, on the TV of his favorite sandwich place. The falling of a titan, they call it; Rhodey only sees it as the end of life as Tony knows it.
“Wait, I know who can help,” Tony says out loud, and Pepper and Rhodey just watch him go over to the work table to pick his phone.
Tony spots him —as Rhodey said— by the balcony, his hands holding onto a drink as he rests his forearms by the edge. Tony decidedly stared at his ass before pulling the door open.
He puts a hand on Bruce’s shoulder involuntarily and opens his mouth to say something but then closes it, thinks better. “Are you gonna be okay?” Tony asks, figures it might sound too forward to say he’s gonna be there for Bruce whatever he needs.
,” he mutters and Tony smiles.
“Not my finest hour.”
He looks down and takes it in.
“Do I put them here, sir?” he asks Tony once they’re inside, pointing at one of the empty seats.
He gains the upper hand in seconds but then the man grabs that damn shield back and almost rips the arm off, then flips him over with all his strength and his mask falls off.
“Agh, I had to take care of my grandma. Sorry I couldn't make it, but I’m sure you boys didn’t miss me,” she explains and gives him a smile at last.
"Not really. Been to a couple of mediocre dates— but the sex's been alright, though," Rhodey says, raising his eyebrows.
Steve turns to grin at him and it makes Tony’s insides boil with warmth. Tony returns the smile because he can’t help it and Steve turns towards him.
"Ok so, clearly, I'm sorry," Tony offers, his palms open so they don't start sweating so much. "I didn't mean to do this whole threaten a terrorist and then follow a trail to the Middle-of-Nowhere town only to end up in fucking Miami, for some reason, with no suit and no backup," he speaks, trying to summarize his latest ‘stunt'. "I mean, I almost got Pepper killed, so, I'll have to deal with that for a while, you know—," Tony says.
Tony just shakes his head and shakes it off. He can worry about that some other time. “Well, I’ll call the lawyers if I need to. But right now, it’s about you. You are hereby temporarily discharged of worrying about things that aren't your wedding. What do you need me to do?” he asks, with a big smile.
“Of course I'd be deeply honored, and it’s you, that's great! So when do we do it?” Tony asks, all fast talk and booze.
He presses it as Tony told him and watches as the windows close and turn into blue-ish walls.
Natasha puts her hand on Nick's forehead and turns on her heels, leaving.
Major Allen is sipping on a coffee in front of him. "It's some pretty crazy shit, isn't it?" he asks.
mutters to someone else.
“Hopefully this puts an end to the Chitauri and HYDRA,” Cap replies and then turns to him. “So, yes, revels,” he says, with a smile that Tony can nearly feel it’s just for him.
Like it was meant to be all along.
Maybe he counts on the doctor knowing, already.
Tony turns to one of his computers as they all wait for him to elaborate. Steve's palms are sweating.
“This doesn’t look okay, Tony. This looks one step away from dangerous,” Steve retorts, his voice clear, all Captain America-like.
And Pepper being safe and out of danger is really all Tony can think of a few moments later, when he's drowning.
"Oh, c'mon, don't sell yourself short, Rhodes. You run with the Avengers!" he says, and Rhodey reflects on the fact that this is the most talkative he's ever seen Yu.
Steve looks down and rolls his tongue down his lips. “And, uh—” Steve clears his throat. “Stark?” he asks, trying to seem nonchalant. Like asking about him isn’t nearly killing him of expectation.
He thinks of everything he hasn’t done.
"I kinda gave up after the first few months. I keep thinking: 'hey, if it's my soulmate, then it will happen, eventually', right?" Sam says. "So, as I said, I wouldn't know what to tell you regarding how to deal with your soulmate. But— I do know this: communication is key. To every kind of relationship," he adds and raises his eyebrows at him.
“Where am I?”
“Hmph,” Steve grunts jokingly and does the pose and Tony laughs softly.
The Captain looks at him with a straight face, like he’s fighting something in himself not to glare at Tony.
“Got him!” Allen shouts, slamming his hand, with a piece of paper underneath, on Rhodey’s desk.
She gives a little courtesy nod. “Anyways, no, what you’re referring to is mutation. What I mean is some serious medication dependency, from hormones to insulin and sometimes even oxygen masks. The last hard case I heard of was a woman getting skin cancer because of a clandestine treatment on her mark; the German government even issued an informative letter alerting their population about this,” she says.
He nods, slowly, like a part of him wants to keep that experience to himself. "A man. Blond, tall. He was different," he explains. Pierce looks at him and sighs. "He was with the target," he adds.
"We have an ally?" Natasha asks.
Tony raises a glass in an offer but Steve shakes his head. "Well, if they're just kids then I'm sure you can put them back on the right rail—hey, maybe give them that judgy, strong-jaw look thing you do?” he jokes.
“Mister Rhodes,” Jarvis greets with a fond smile. “I am sorry, correction, Second Lieutenant Rhodes,” he says, doing a little nod. He’s gotten older since the last time Rhodey saw him –which wasn’t long ago—but he figures it must be the stress of dealing with a genius CEO with a bit of over-the-top ego.
Rhodey walks towards him with a soothing smile. “Not with that pretty suit you just updated,” he says, pointing with his chin at the War Machine armor Tony was going to show him. “I promise I’ll return before you even notice,” Rhodey adds. “In the meantime, promise not to do something stupid until I get back,” he asks and Tony presses his lips in a thin line.
He starts walking through their little summer camp when he sees it: an arsenal of his weapons and ammunition. In enemies' hands.
‘You gotta be careful what you wish for,’ lingers above his head and Rhodey wants to kick himself to death, right there.
“See you back at base,” Tony replies, looking back at him.
Tony enters the house and leaves his MIT hoodie on the coat rack and takes off his sneakers. “Hey, Jarvis, has anyone called me today?” he asks, remembering the note he left for Rhodey back on campus.
Tony can feel the Captain’s eyes on him as he enters the elevator but it’s not until Tony’s stepping inside that he turns to meet the Captain. Steve is looking down at his feet and narrowing his eyes. Tony just stands and looks to the sides, waiting.
It took them long enough.
It’s coffee for now and then he can hit the market. He sits and drinks the warm beverage; lets it roll down his throat with the accustomed ease and breathes in the clear air coming from the window.
If feeling Tony was good, hearing him make all those noises was a hundred times better. It was quickly driving Steve crazy, even more than before, especially when Tony starts to pick up his pace, moving faster and harder.
"What about Ultron himself?" Steve asks, leaning against the doorframe.
The ride to the New York facility consists of Tony telling Rhodey all the crazy stories of what he’s been up as the CEO of Stark Industries (“I mean, yes, I’ve pretty much left all the boring CEO stuff to Obie, which is not what Aunt Peggy wanted, but hey, I get to spend all day in my lab just tinkering with stuff. I gave Dum-E and U another sibling, I call him ‘Butterfingers’, you’re gonna love him”) and Rhodey doing a slightly detailed summary of what his pilot training has been like (“So much dirt-eating, Tony, I swear”), but he saves the worst for last, just as they’re about to go into the building.
He narrows his eyes at the man. "So, you've been looking for me this whole time?"
“Natasha told you,” Coulson says, in an asking tone, and Steve gives him a sympathetic smile.
He's fairly certain his heart fails because the next thing he sees is all black.
But that shield is becoming a problem so he takes it out of the way, then it's one to one.
“I don’t blow a man's dice,” Rhodey says again, hitting Tony’s wrist harshly.
They get in quietly, Tony sporting his favorite incognito cap and throwing on his sunglasses when they get to the entrance and there's a bunch of kids taking pictures with the Cap drawing at the gate.
"Let's keep our fingers crossed," he says, calm, and gives Steve a reassuring nod before the doors close.
They've been talking for a few minutes when Thor decides to leave abruptly, without saying much of a word.
“You need to step away,” Fury instructs.
“What makes you say that?” Tony asks, nervous hands on his hips.
He has the very unique silhouette of the city of the skyscrapers on his sight-range in just shy of fifty minutes later, but there’s no sign of chaos, just disaster.
Tony pushes the Captain's hand off him now, the aching rage back in his head. “You’re gonna stop me?” Tony goes, taking a step closer to him.
In a marked glass, there's a picture of a man, the same man standing at Steve's side in the Commandos stand.
“Один,” the handler sighs, like he’s tired too. He twists the hand into a fist and waits the final switch to go off.
“My name is Yinsen,” he says.
Steve looks at Tony's hands and sees his own name on Tony's skin; he smiles. No fear's gonna make him back down now, not if he knows where to look.
“I'm so sorry—”
"I just got threatened by Nick Fury," he whispers to Rhodey.
"It's a human thing, Tony," Clint says, calling for him. Tony turns with a groan. "Everyone knows once you come into contact with your soulmate, you have to find physical release," he says with a tone that makes Tony feel like he's twelve.
“Well, I’ve read that when your soulmate dies it’s —kind of a big deal. It’s, it’s like losing a kidney,” Tony says, half-serious, half-joking.
Tony takes a long look at her face, all her features, and takes it in. “You're the most gifted woman I've ever met—”
“No,” he answers, wrinkling his nose.
It reminded Steve of his own sad backstory.
"Do you know anything about artificial intelligence?" Tony says instead, Steve's patience to talk can last so long.
He knows 'Soldat' isn't his name but it's the closest he'll get.
“Ten bucks says you're wrong,” Nick says as he goes back to grab one of the punching bags and throws it up his shoulder. “There's a debriefing package waiting for you back at your apartment,” he adds, as Steve walks away with a glance back. “Is there anything you can tell us about the Tesseract that we ought to know now?” he asks.
"They threw a device at the arm," he answers, stoic. Then they walk him to sit on the chair they set up for him and start checking him up.
“I wouldn’t count on that, sir,” he says into the line.
Harley looks down, in a well-rehearsed shame. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to," he says.
And the only thing linking them other than destiny and biology.
“Well, that is exactly the plan,” he agrees. “And, Helen, I expect to see you at the party on Saturday,” he says, quirking an eyebrow.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony had loved Ana Jarvis like a slightly young grandmother, just about two times less than he loves Jarvis but he remembers vividly how he cried for three days straight when she passed and how he’d tell his mother he wanted to go live with Jarvis after the butler took a five months leave.
“Well, this is actually kind of familiar,” Steve says.
It takes him six and a half more days, but he gets it done. He would’ve been happy about it if it wasn’t for the fact that he was kidnapped by a possible terrorist organization, which had somehow got a hold of his tech, right after getting blown up to near death and having pieces of metal trying to reach his heart every second of his life now.
That makes everyone stand and tower over Tony and Rhodey to congratulate Pepper and say hi.
“Steve is that high maintenance, huh?” Pepper jokes.
"You okay?" he asks her.
you," Clint says, before jumping into his food like an animal.
"She's got her own bedroom, if she wants to take it," Tony had answered. She messed with his head but Tony wasn't the type to hold grudges. Plus, she'd been hurt by his past.
“I know, I’m not as good as you are but, hey, I get by,” Tony mentions, jokingly, as if he’s read Steve’s mind.
“I overstepped myself, I’m sorry,” Steve says, quickly. Tony just mimes zipping Steve’s mouth shut and takes a breath.
"I—" Tony clears his throat. "I would very much like that," he struggles to say.
“Wait, uhm,” he says, then let's go, his hand goes fast inside his pocket.
“What can I get you?” Nadejda asks and he’s about to respond when a man comes from his side.
Happy leaves with a long sigh and they take off just minutes after. They’ve been up in the air for several minutes when the silence starts to bother Tony.
Steve frowns at him. "Is that a problem?"
Right on top of the cliff, out in the open, back into the world.
“Рассвет,” he doesn’t feel anything. “Печь,” the handler adds, not a single second wasted.
"Oh, hey, Rhodes. Welcome back," he greets him, turning from Ross to him.
They were alright.
Pepper smiles turns into a frown in a flash. “Twelve percent?”
"Hey, the lullaby worked better than ever," Natasha tells Bruce with a proud grin on the carrier.
“No?” Yinsen repeats, doing a tiny nod. “So you're a man who has everything... and nothing,” he adds.
Maya nods and blinks. "Yeah, a hotel, just some forty minutes from here."
Something in him has awakened.
"No, that's what the stuffed animal is for," Tony replies, taking a step closer.
"No, you will," Tony says before he grabs her in his arms and lays her on a couch that was nearby. Then he calls for help for Maya.
Tony takes the hand off his face with a short breath and the boy leans forward to whisper something to Tony’s ear Rhodey can’t catch.
“I don’t know, Tony,” Rhodey mutters, a breath heavy on his chest.
Steve’s mouth is slightly dangling open.
“I’m sure they are,” Peggy says, turning off the TV.
“Ain’t you gotta be smart for that shit?”
"Oh, well, I didn't put it on my report because it's, well— it's hallways gossip. But Jen sorta slipped something yesterday and, now that you're free, I think they're gonna ask you for something. Some top-level shit," Allen shares, being as vague as possible.
He takes a silent breath. "Do you need anything else?" he asks, serene, and Pierce almost looks surprised he got more words out him.
“Uh-huh,” Pepper sighs.
“The Stark Industries will have now a new face,” the headline reads, a picture of Tony posing with Stane behind him, his hands on his shoulders. “At the age of 22 —just shy of 23, Tony Stark just became the youngest CEO of a Fortune 500 company in all of history after his father, Howard Stark, died in a car accident last year. Tony graduated top of his class at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and is set to inherit the sixth biggest fortune in America’s history,” the article read.
"Yes, of course," Thor replies, serious.
“What?”
His hand almost shakes as he picks it and his heart does a flip when his eyes land on the important piece of new information.
"Why would Tony come with me?" Steve asks and Peggy's gray eyebrows move up briefly.
They arrive at the brand-new Avengers Tower with no delay and they take Clint to medical as soon as they land, Doctor Helen Cho leading the medical team.
In front of him, a big man walks in, his face looking satisfied, even excited. He opens his arms and starts speaking in another language as he walks towards him. Tony catches his name just before the man finishes and then asks the old man to translate for him.
Tony considers him for a minute, then tilts the corner of his mouth up. “It’s better if I show you,” he says, bouncing up from the couch and almost running to the elevator.
"How can I be pissed at you, Tony? I'm here to thank you," Killian says, walking over to stand in front of him. "You gave me the greatest gift that anybody's ever given me." He leans in too close to Tony's face. "Desperation."
“The Avengers,” Tony repeats with a proud nod.
It's like a blow to the face. He remembers then, the first time he saw it. With Karpov and his men, the other soldiers. The other weapons. Years ago.
“Are you still sleeping? It’s almost midday, Tony. We were supposed to meet at 8 AM,” she complains and Tony rubs his temple.
Tony already had his legs circled around Steve’s waist and he didn’t even need to break their kiss to press on his floor.
It’s ten hours later when he sees Tony again, behaving like a child again. “What’s wrong with you?” it’s the first thing he says, his arms wide open.
“And I will. Back home,” Tony repeats, at that something in the doctor’s eyes shift. Understanding, perhaps. “I promise you. I just need something for my shoulder, something to clean up a bit and then I’m good to take the ride back to our beloved homeland,” he says, and the doctor nods.
"— No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It is funny," Tony interrupts, taking a step towards him, suddenly getting serious. "It's a hoot that you don't get why we need this," he says to Thor's face.
Pepper bites her bottom lip lightly. Tony's just missing the whole thing. "Absolutely—"
“Hey, buddy, I gotta go. Eat dinner with the folks,” he shares, like he’s saying he’s going to the electric chair.
"Give her a room. Tell her she can stay here if she wants," Steve says.
Tony moves one shoulder. “He wasn’t there back then. Or anyone on that video for the matter,” Tony says and Rhodes nods at him and looks down. Tony shifts on his spot and takes a step closer to his friend. “Rhodey, what’s going on?”
“I only have been here about an hour and I already feel like eating my arm,” he says, in the privacy of his childhood room.
Barnes was born in Brooklyn on March 10th of 1917. He graduated from the Thomas Jefferson High School with an above-average score and got conscripted six years later, after the attack on Pearl Harbor, at the age of 24.
Tony quirks an eyebrow and says, smug, “What, a genius?”
Tony holds in the urge to chuckle and keeps going on his topic: "the handle's imprinted, right? Like a security code," he says. "'Whosoever is carrying Thor's fingerprints' is, I think, the literal translation," Tony considers.
Tony nods with his brow furrowed. “Shit, that’s right. Wow, you’re lucky you’re still alive,” he says.
“Holy shit, Mister Stark!” escapes from the young woman at the front desk’s mouth. Tony laughs out of impulse.
Rhodey arrives at the Pentagon shy of 1800 and safely exits the suit.
"Do you know where Tony is?" Rhodey asks, averting his eyes from the screen and back to Allen.
"Yeah..." Tony agrees. It's no shock why they're first on the kill list, then.
Tony smiles fondly at that. "No, Steve. I don’t think you could ever hurt me," he replies.
Steve's throat runs dry but he offers a hand for Tony to take like he's on a trance and all there ever was, was Tony.
"So, run and hide?" Tony says.
“Yeah,” Rhodey adds on. “Anyways, I still gotta do some fourteen more months of another training program and then I’ll be set to go,” he says.
Being with her is like flying –not that he has yet, not outside of a simulator, but that’s exactly how Jim thinks flying feels like: sheer liberty, breeze, complete joy, the perfect amount of excitement and vertigo. Rhodes has been with other women before, about a handful of them, but none of them made him feel like his feet were off the ground. Not like Carol Danvers.
When Steve begins to see what it all is, he almost wants to scream in full-excitement: in the table, slightly inclined down to be in a diagonal position, there’s a wide white sheet of paper and next to it there’s a wider table, with about thirty carbon pencils in all shades of black and grey along with an extensive collection of color pencils.
"Hell, yeah, I'm right. Let's eat—"
Rhodey blinks at that. "So, you know," he says.
"Steve, what am I gonna think about?" Tony interrupts him, but his tone isn't demanding, he's just curious and completely lost about what Steve's trying to hint.
“Thank you, sir,” Rhodey salutes, proudly, during his promotion.
"Thanks for the tip on the place. Cheeseburger was neat," Tony says. No, not Tony. Mister Stark.
“Is he always this happy?” Rhodey asks Tony sarcastically as they start walking to leave the house, Hogan ahead of them on the way.
“I’m not like that,” Rhodey lets out and regrets it a split second after.
Tony lets out a laugh. “Oh, yeah, I might not even graduate anytime soon,” he tells her and Maria replies with a smirk. “You?” he asks, after lightly clearing his throat. Last time he saw his mother, her eyes were always red, a heavy sadness rooted in her core.
Steve moves his head side to side in an ambiguous reply. "It's— complicated," he says.
“That’s great—“
what he is.
Tony figures they were joking. He was absolutely incapable of filling his father’s shoes, even if he wanted to. “Isn’t Obie taking care of that?” he asks and Peggy and Jarvis exchange a look that raises far more questions than it answers. “What? What’s wrong with Obie?”
Ever since Rhodey met him, back in a messy campus party he was far too young to be in, he’s known Tony’s a sad guy. One look into his eyes is enough for anyone to learn he spends a great deal of his time feeling like shit.
"Colonel," Rhodey hears a very distinctive voice before the door is shut closed.
“Are you out of your mind?!” Pepper yells, turning and strutting full-force towards him. Tony almost feels like suiting up just in case.
Steve looks at him with a quirked eyebrow, amused. “Yeah? I can already feel the serum starting to heal me,” he says.
Steve fell quiet and smiled down at him, his lips just slightly parted as he breathed in and out softly.
“The only people threatening the planet would be people,” Bruce says.
“That’s better. Okay, Tony,” Pepper squeezes her hands in his. “Please, please, don’t set something on fire. I am trusting you—”
“There you are,” Tony says, fumbling with the Mercedes 230 SL from ‘64 engine of Howard’s old collection. “You ready to talk about what happened last night?” he asks.
He pushes Tony with the full force of his hammer and makes him fly across the jet, right into the Captain, knocking him off his feet by nearly falling over him.
His attempt to get close to Tony, to lay out their status on the whole soulmate thing, to try and get to know him, the real him, not the concocted version of the media, had fail almost entirely, if it wasn't for the fact that for some heavenly reason Tony seems to want to be friends, too.
"On your left," Steve mutters as he runs past the stranger because he's cheerful enough.
Tony leans his forehead in, against Steve's shoulder and Steve lets his head fall on top of his. "They're probably right," Tony mutters against it and Steve nods in agreement.
They're simpatico. Their powers came at a different kind of personal cost, but like Tony, Bruce was A GENIUS YET BROKEN IN MANY WAYS. TONY WANTED TO HELP HIM GAIN CONTROL OF THE HULK AND GET OUT OF THE SHADOWS.
"And you're angry and taking it out on us now?" Fury gave him the full power of his one eye glare.
"Yeah," Steve said thoughtfully "I caught his act in Stuttgart,"
After Howard, he had vowed to make himself into a Dom so strong, he would never kneel to anyone again. He would make Alphas knelt to him. Never again would he walk around holding his breath to keep himself from slipping up and let his anger out to preserve a relationship already long dead. Nor will he ever bend over backward to earn anything from an Alpha ever again and that included Rogers.
With wide eyes, he watched as Iron Man shot two blasts of light at Loki sending him flying into a crumbled mess and ripped up the tiles. Then Iron Man landed in his trademark three-point landing on the ground just a few feet away from the fallen god.
Before any more could happen, Tony heard Steve voice and a flat disk of metal ricocheted off both their chests and back to the captain who stood on top of a tree above them.
“DO NOT try to…” Fury cut the Asgardian crossly.
If he was anyone else, Steve would have fallen hard from the shove. He stared at Tony, face flush, but slowly contorting with confusion and hurt.
“So now you’re playing dumb.” he hissed looking like a viper about to strike. Steve had seen the cave footage and no doubt had read analysis about it surely he knew about Yinsen yet he had to choose now to twist the knife in. As if failing Coulson wasn’t enough, he had to be reminded he let Yinsen died too. And to think he actually felt guilty for harshly rejected the guy, Alpha like him deserved to be taken down a peg or two.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Tony, wait!"
“Do it.” The photo of his Alpha flashed up in front of Tony’s eyes as he waited for her to answer. The comfort of Pepper’s love had healed the wounds and scars of his heart he needed to tell her how much she meant to him. No luck, his heart sunk. She was probably glued to the TV wherever she was right now.
Thor taken reigned over his temper. “This is beyond you, Metal Man.” Thor said slowly as if talking to a slow child and it grated Tony. “Loki will face Asgardian’s justice.” His voice was hard as iron.
Then fear pulsed through Tony like electricity when he realized with a startling horror that if he could felt what Steve's felt during the kiss then Steve... His face turned pale, mouth opened and closed without any sounds escaping. He couldn't bring himself to form the question, it sat on his tongue, turned his mouth to cotton.
As Tony wanted to walk away, he heard a loud thud from behind him. Steve muttered expletives as his fists jabbed the wall viciously. The super-soldier screamed in frustration and pain.
"Cap, need a lever!" rang in Steve’s ear. Steve panted, looking over at the engine and back to the guys he was trying to fight against and staying holding onto the wire cable he was hanging from.
EXT. ND HALLWAY, CARRIER ¬ MORNING
Steve’s eyes followed the brunet, his mouth in a tight line before he sighed and set his shield against a wall and walked out.
14  Misunderstanding and sexual tension
“NO BUT! DO AS I SAY!!” Tony cried out in pain when Howard booted foot connected with his side hard. Howard proceeded to hit him again and again, only this time he hit him where it could be hidden by clothes. The pain Howard had inflicted was nothing compared to the pain in his heart!
All Steve could do was stood there, watched as the small bright red and gold figure of Iron Man zoomed quickly toward the portal with that nuke. Tony was gone, disappeared, and left nothing but a harrowing reality for Steve. His heart practically stopped for two seconds before it was beating into overtime, drummed mercilessly against his rib cage until its burst through his chest became an all too real danger.
Tony pointed the bag of blueberries in his hand towards Steve. "Blueberry?" Tony offered. He could felt the disapproval coming from Stars-and-Stripes, the hated stomach-churning occurred again.
“Sometimes there wasn't a way out, Tony.” Steve said softly, slowly made his way along the girder toward the billionaire.
Part of Tony couldn't help but be disappointed at discovering his childhood hero was nothing more than a brainless SHIELD stooge with no ability to think outside his little military box. Another part of him was relief that Howard was SO wrong about Steve that this made it so easy to push him away.
“Last year, our earth had a visitor from another planet who had a grudge mass that leveled a small town. We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopeless, hilariously, outgunned.” Nick paced the room slowly.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was an Alpha’s instinct as much as their pride to protect and own their mate. Most Alphas would be angry or/and hurt, even resentful if their mate wasn’t able to trust them as Tony did. Most Alphas would have taken it personally that another Alpha-Rhodey-was the only exception to his didn’t like to be handed things rule. Especially when she knew that he had let Rhodey helped him change his arc reactor during the palladium poisoning debacle. Let his best-friend saw the burnt-out palladium core when he didn’t give a damn clue about his condition to Pepper.
Tony could felt Roger’s gaze pierced through him, pinned him like a butterfly beneath his lens. It only served to fuel his anger.
All of Tony’s hidden hope that his soulmate was a decent Alpha burnt out. ‘How could Captain America did this?! Was it because he saw me as his Omega and thought it was perfectly justified to blackmail me into submission?! BASTARD!’ Tony’s fist clenched and his nails dug into his palm until his hand bleeds.
"Because I learned how."
“Don’t. Don’t say we shouldn’t have done that.” Anthony’s eyes were deadly serious. He released Steven, letting his feet slipped limply to the ground. “I would rather die than live without your love.”
The alien glared at Tony before a bright glow erupted around Loki’s body. Tony ready for any attack, fully expected Loki to lash out, but the shimmering passed uneventfully with his cloak, and Loki’s headdress faded. The alien slowly raised his hands in the gesture of surrenders.
Thor strode towards the trickster. “No. The Earth is under my protection, Loki." Thor snapped.
Thor creased his brow in confusion. “Monkeys? I do not understand.”
Tony jerked back from Steve’s touch like a scalded cat. Steve's eyes were impossibly sad.
After unfinished serum Bucky: very high level- 91% alpha
With his back turn to the Director, he didn’t see the wide-eyed expression at Steve’s exclamation about Howard being his soul-mate. After Captain Rogers's inquiry about Howard Stark in Times Square, Fury had his suspicion. SHIELD had gathered enough data. They found old pictures, the way they looked at each other especially Rogers implied the two were more than friends… but soulmate… that’s impossible… Maria…. Unless….
Feeling reckless, Tony subtly picked up an electric screwdriver and walked around the room towards where Doctor Banner was working on a steel worktop.
“I lost my one good eye. Maybe I had that coming.” He paused slightly and his eyes frantically looked at both heroes’ reactions to his speech. Steve fingers the cards. He completely zoned out, only tuned to listen vaguely to Fury as he spoke.
A bright flash in the sky quickly caught his sight. His heart thudded as a comet— no! A man. A man in a suit of armor. His soul-mate!
Maria either didn’t hear or didn’t care because she’s pushing again, “Come on!” she shouted, vocalizing her discomfort throughout the push. Grunting turned to keening as Tony’s shoulders started to emerge. “Please get him,” Maria begged and shifted her hips, widening them as much as she could before pushing.
Tony's eyes flared, determined "NO, NEVER! I WOULD NEVER BE YOURS."
Tony wasn’t stupid enough to believe that Loki’s staff put the words into their mouths. As someone who created an Artificial Intelligence as advance as JARVIS, he knew enough about psychology to know that one didn’t just come up with hurtful concepts one had never considered before even if they were under some kind of influence. The staff only brought the thought that must have been in his subconscious, or his thought to the forefront only served to take away the preservation instinct that would have kept those thoughts from ever seeing the light of day.
Anthony didn’t let him finish, he had enough of debating this in his mind. He wanted both of them, together, wrap in ecstasy. His body grew warmer, slicking up for Steven.
Tony's voice cut over Steve like a laser neatly clipped the teeth off of a buzz-saw. “I was not lying. You knew nothing about what Howard willing to do! You thought you knew better than anyone else when you were as ignorant as a frog under a coconut shell!”
Soulmate or not, Steve wasn't going to tolerate this! However, Steve didn't realize that he was in for more surprises.
Even if Steven didn't notice it, he was goddamn attractive. It was like being alone in a room staring at a highly expensive bottle of wine. Anthony’s gaze caressed Steven’s body the way he imagined his hands would do. Anthony’s nipples tingled. His hips curled under and an ache began between his thigh and growing steadily harder until he let out a groan that could have been due to agony, ecstasy or both.
“He was doing his job.”
With the musician resting, he had worked his way around the room, work from group to group, exchanging greetings and comments, smoothly shifting until he got his soulmate in his sight.
"We thought it best to break it to you slowly." The man said, and Steve considered his next move as the man drew closer, shifting his weight.
The last snapped Steven back to the moment. Without a word, he quit his cousin, James' side and…
Leaving things like this was not a good idea but Tony convinced himself he had to. The doors clicked in place behind him.
But the soul-bond pull was even more brutal…
Loki was just like the old him, thirst for power, for war. Thor sounded sad “You think yourself above them?”
‘The golden goose’ he had overheard Howard spoke to Obie about him. For a split second time paused. Until someone pressed play and the impact of Howard’s words hit him with the impact of a bowling ball. And like a dozen of skittles, his life came crashing down on him. He crumpled inside, hot tears streamed down his face as he struggled to bear the sudden overwhelming pain.
"Oh, you should thank me. With the Bifrost gone, how much energy did the All-father had to muster for the Bifrost to conjure you here, your precious Earth?” Loki asked, stalling and changing the subject.
Thor however only had his eyes on his brother-whose eyes widened in fear at the sight of the Thunderer and made a sound of distress. Thor’s face was so calm it scared the Trickster; no doubt it was the calm before the storm.
"There was an idea," the Director continued. "Stark knew this.” Steve glanced at the genius. “It was called The Avengers Initiative. The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people, see if they could become something more.” Fury voiced, willed them to understand.
“Okay.” Tony voice and eyes steeled with determination, he would show the Asgardian not to mess with Iron Man!
The hammer-wielding man looked around, realized he would've killed the man in blue spandex if he hadn't blocked in time. He immediately looked ashamed and nodded in agreement, to stand down.
A hollow ache opening in Steve’s stomach. He felt completely empty and bereft!
Tony closed his eyes to will the tears away.
Steve entered the spare room only to see it was an art gallery. There were tins of various color paints; no doubt Tony had heard that Steve like to draw murals on his walls. Steve walked around like he was at a loss, a hand stretched out to touch the walls.
It was worth a shot. He started cautiously, walked over to stand opposite Bruce with the screen between them.
To Tony, meeting Steve again was like drinking a tall glass of water after a lifetime in the desert. It took all of his strength to resist the temptation to touch Steve, to hold him, to kiss him, to tell him everything. Tony felt like a nervous teenager all over again. The genius watched the other closely. Steve looked amazing, livelier. Electric sparks danced in Tony’s tummy. Their eyes were glued together, and he was lost in those sparkling, silvery blue eyes. He couldn't look away it was like staring into the arc reactor. He was hypnotized by those hypnotic eyes. Steve’s eyes darkened to an alluring shade of blue. It made Tony’s bones felt like butter left out in the sun.
The bond so fragile, almost non-existent now. Tony was dying, he was dying…
That was the first time Maria ever treated him roughly and the physical and word abuse became worse as she fell more and more into depression with the passing years. In her drunken ravings, she spewed whatever poison she managed to come up with at Tony from day to day. For years he bore the pain while believing that it was all his fault.
The one with the Tony and the toy car inspired canon from the comic.
"Yep!" Tony nodded and quickly got to his feet and headed to the door. Tony felt Roger's strong warm hand on his hand, helping him when he stumbled. The touch solid and electric, even through his shirt, Tony quickly jerked his arm away. He refused to receive any more help from Captain Asshole. His arm still tingling where the Captain had touched him.
“Come on, Stark.” Natasha muttered softly, through the com and the Avengers searched the clouds for his falling body, nothing fell out. Nothing happened. Steve glared at the gaping hole in the otherwise beautifully cerulean sky, desperately wished for the sight of a tiny metal man soared from outer space.
The thing amiss that Steve couldn’t grab or better yet not want to grab is Tony doesn’t want to meet him…haven’t tried to meet him in the last two months of his wakening up…Tony should have known stark industry fund the expedition to find Steve…and even if in it didn’t they are both invited to join the Avengers
Thor looked about as surprised and disbelieved as the rest of them excluding Tony and Bruce who quickly figured it out using the info from the files they had read. Thor furrowed his eyebrows in confusion “Me?”
The god-like alien glared daggers at him “Do not touch me again!” he thundered in a menacing alpha tone. Such command from such high level and god-like alpha would have work on any other Omega but not Tony, he was a total Dom.
Howard was a steady drinker, in the summer of 1961, Howard’s drinking got heavier until he was borderline alcoholic.
Note: Just so we avoid confusion the presence in Steve’s dream is Tony not Howard. Steve just thought it is Howard because he thinks he is his Soul-mate
IN time he did develop some real feeling toward Howard but they wasn’t that compatible biologically (both Alpha) and in personality.
"For taking on Loki alone.” Tony growled, took strides along the grating.
It was a pain worse than when Obadiah had ripped the arc reactor out. Fury's words kept reverberating in Tony's mind going on and on about Coulson's belief in the Avengers Initiative. He remembered Phil's words “We do need you, Mr. Stark.” How he had been against Tony's exclusion from the team. Another man who believed in him was dead.
Genre: Romance /Angst
Tony didn’t have the patience to hear Fury’s idiotic reasons cut of his rants. “A nuclear deterrent, cause that always calmed everything right down.” Tony snorted. He had learned the hard way HOW DANGEROUS A NUCLEAR-DETERRENT WAS IN THE WRONG HANDS!
It was a shame that Tony would get kick out of the Avengers boyband after this all over, but at least he didn’t have to see Rogers’ face again. And maybe, just maybe if Rogers reject the bond too, the bond between them would truly be severed. He ignored the ache he felt at the thought.
“Tony!” He let out a scream as loud as his lungs would allow. At that moment Steve desperately wished he could fly, wanting nothing more than to catch Tony and hold him.
Steven had felt the oddest sensation as if someone were calling to him as he entered the room. “James.” He called his cousin breathlessly. “I can feel my twin-flame… is here.”
Omega is considered sexier, more attractive and sexual charge than Beta. And since they are half the population of Alpha, beautiful Omega especially high-level one like Natasha and Tony are sought after. That’s why some Omegas prefers to focus on beautify them-self and seduce the richest Alpha they can find rather than work hard (Some people hate and look down on them for this).
"Where is this coming from?" Natasha muttered uneasily, her crimson tresses whipped around her face as she scanned the sky. It had gone from peaceful to violent in seconds.
Somethings couldn't be avoided, like Tony could always sense when Steve was nearby even if he couldn't see or hear him. He was like a love and sexual lightning rod, and all his spark gravitated toward him.
The final stitches had been sewn shut. After days of angry words bubbled low in his throat like something hot and acidic caught behind his teeth every time he was in the same vicinity with his dad, it gave him the best of feeling to finally gave Howard a piece of his mind before he left the Stark’s mansion for good. Took away any control his dad had over him and ending the little cycle of misery Howard had put him through. He prided himself on not repeating Maria’s mistake of being too dependent on Howard and too pathetic to break free.
Steve raised an eyebrow at Tony's arrogance and disregard for rules. "And you're all about style, aren't you?" He replied with a raise of his blond eyebrows.
Seen how to focus Bruce was on his work, he risked showing the electrified pointer he was holding as he gestured with his hands. "Well, I promise you a stress-free environment, no tension." Tony circled Bruce.
Sure his mother once told him how his father used to be a great lover and Alpha, but now she drank and smoked to forget a husband who was never there… not since she became pregnant with their son.
“Uh... yep! No! Bad call! He loves his hamme…” Tony was cut off when Thor used his full body swing and thrust his hammer into his chest, slapping him onto his ass.
With an angry shout, Thor swung his hammer and leaped high into the air, ready to smash Steve with Mjolnir.
Steve leaned against the railing and crossed his arms. He narrowed his field of view to the Omega and silently observed his soulmate's profile. Tony was all hard edges and bitter sad eyes after Coulson’s death.
The blow failed to faze Loki and left Steve wide open. A blow to the back by Loki’s staff sends Steve across the plaza landing un-ceremonially on the ground.
tony dream the past life where he and steve are both alpha
That night he had a dream… which felt, unlike his usual dream. It felt so familiar… His thoughts were cut short when he realized that he was naked and in bed with another man.
Steve’s eyes gleamed with guilt. He had walked into it resolved to focus on the mission and failed to realize the rest of the team weren’t soldiers. Sure, Natasha might have been affiliated with Shield long enough she could fall into a military mind-set. But half of the team was used to being a one-man team, with no back-up when things turned sour; the other half had been betrayed by their closest allies. Bruce had been running from the military for so long he knew their ploys better than they did. He should have help the guy like Tony did, instead of walking on eggshells around the man. He barely knew anything about Thor but the guy was a warrior, something Steve could relate to. Being Captain America was the only thing he still had, and he had failed to bring the team together.
Steven’s breath was a siren’s song against his ear, telling him “I’m going to fuck you senseless.” Then Steven’s teeth puncture the skin over his shoulder blade.
Did they also gave Rogers the psychoanalysis review about how fuck up Tony must be after his parent’s abuse, Afghanistan, and Obie’s betrayal and told him an untamable Omega like Tony needed a firm hand; someone to make him fall on his knees? FUCKING BASTARDS, let see who got on their knees!!
Steven closed his eyes, fought to breathe, and glanced at him. Anthony’s hair was wild. Young and gorgeous and innocent.
Steve swallowed his nerves and willed himself to pull Tony closer, enveloped him in a warm embrace and held him like he was a precious gem.
He roused into the lonely, predawn light. It felt lonelier than when he was alone before, like another, a bigger piece of him had just left. A hollow ache opened in his stomach. He felt completely empty and bereft.
Just as the ENERGY BEAM shot out towards the old man, Captain America leaped forward shield first, deflecting the blast that shot out back at Loki, knocking him down.
Tony tried to exert the cold control that he usually did when managing his big company. Right now he needed to be Tony Stark, the businessman - shrewd, a predator and above all ruthless. He did his best to ignore the bond railing against him…
Tony moved over to Bruce, shrugged. "What he's got is an Acme Dynamite Kit." he smirked at the thought "It's going to blow up in his face. And I'm going to be there when it does." Tony grinned at the idea, stopped at one of his screens and tapped away.
I meant sure he knew one of his child going to be Steve’s soul-mate- possibly an Omega or Beta- but he never thought it would be his only child. And the fact that Tony surpassed him at a young age was salt to wound for Howard’s pride.
Loki’s held Thor gaze, his eyes unreadable “Did you mourn?” Loki asked, almost mocking and goading Thor.
"What's your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? A huge bag of weed?" Tony asked Bruce, the other scientist almost laugh.
Thor asked urgently. “You have located the Tesseract?”
Tony groaned and rolled onto his side, staggered to his feet.
“Get it out!” She screamed “Get it out of me!” She screamed in Italian.
Captain America still looked at him with superior arrogance. The only thing stopped Tony from punching his stupid face was to remind himself that punching Roger’s face without his armor would break his hand. He needed his hand to tinker. He had an armor to fix and another to finish building. His mission as Iron Man came first.
Steve frowns in return but then he remembers what Peggy told him about SHIELD’s jurisdiction.
The first day runs smoothly. The physical test is nothing Rhodey wasn’t prepared for, and he also manages to excel in it.
He hadn't known what a headache was for ages.
He shows Bruce to one of the labs of the tower and tells him he can set up in any of the rooms on the floor. The Doctor nods at him and shakes his hand. “Just for a couple of days, until I can get around coming back to this place,” Bruce says, almost too softly, looking down at the floor.
“The best tan of my life—”
“I'm gonna miss him though. And you're gonna miss me. There's gonna be a lot of manful tears,” Tony trails, pressing the button for his car to park in front of him.
“That's not the point,” Rogers says.
“Tony, you can’t ignore this,” Pepper tells him, turning to him. “I know you said you wouldn’t go within a mile radius of him but this looks bigger than that,” she says and Tony bites the inside of his cheek. “Just get it done quickly,” she adds, putting one reassuring hand on his face before leaning in to give him a kiss on the cheek. “Then we’ll discuss if we can arrange me meeting my soulmate,” she whispers, a promising smile on her face.
Rhodey looks at the TV screen again and his stomach sinks.
“I'm sorry, Nick,” Tony cuts in, showing the now open “secured” file. “What were you lying?”
Rhodey lets his arm roll off Tony to grab his last churro. "Yeah, just before I got back. She told me she was thinking of getting Maya to meet her grandmother. It was a big day," he shares.
“Tony, I need you to come upstairs,” Pepper asks, voice rushed, almost like panicked.
Steve sits upright on the couch, catching his breath and Tony opens his palms on the hard floor to ground himself.
"I can't help you," answers Tony, shaking his head. It's not a lie. "You used to have a moral psychology. You used to have ideals. You wanted to help people," Tony reminds her, the words heavy on his tongue. "Now look at you. Pepper deserves better."
“Listen—” they both speak at the same time. Steve swallows and Tony zips his mouth in a thin line.
"Fury's here! He wants to talk to us," Clint yells through the door.
But Tony dismisses him and draws another soft kiss from him again, letting his forearms rest on Steve's shoulders.
(See the end of the chapter for
“For three hours— for three hours, you got me standing here,” he keeps going.
Rhodey opens the door to his temporary Pentagon office and puts the file on his desk. “Really?”
“No. A phone," Steve cut in, digging his eyes on Tony. “I wasn’t sure if calling you was safe and I just started moving fast on all of it before it got too late. This was HYDRA. You have no idea how far they almost got,” he explains.
“Here I thought the Tower was impressive,” Steve mutters, a few steps closer to Tony now.
“But, hey, you have experience with crazy, untested procedures, right? So,” Tony says, smiling. Offering, wondering.
"I should hope so," Sam replies. "A Shaman told me it's an African dialect and then when I went on my first tour I got it checked, too. You know how many African dialects are out there?” Sam asks rhetorically but Steve still shakes his head. “Fucking-over-two-thousand! So, yeah, I haven't found which one this is," he explains.
"So, what? That exempts him from his crimes?" Yu retorts, shaking his head at Rhodey.
“Sam Wilson,” he introduces himself and Tony smiles politely.
Tony moves one shoulder in a vague shrug. “Yeah, I’m alright. Why do you ask?” he replies, a little too casually.
“I'm not overly fond of what follows,” Loki tells them, sounding almost resigned about something.
The lights turn off. He's long gone, back in a place he doesn’t know in a time he doesn’t remember.
Maya doesn't even blink. "He's thirteen. And no, I need your help," she says.
The day shines brighter than he's ever remembered. Not that he remembers much, other than dull greyness and blood.
"Yeah, just a migraine," Maya replies. She smiles politely but it just makes her look scared and confused.
“What?” Tony asks, holding back a chuckle.
Tony cleans the sugar off of the corner of his mouth. "Somewhere—  overseas,"  Tony says after he swallows.
He wakes up the second time and sits up slowly. The stranger hands him a warm, ripped towel to clean his face, pull himself together and a mirror.
“I know. After 44 years, I’m finally a functioning person,” Tony answers, raising his eyebrows. "You like what I’ve done with the place?”
Allen goes silently to grab the remote and turns on the T.V. to the CNN channel. On the screen, everything’s smoke and chaos.
Steve uncrosses his arms and sighs again. "This thing came to life on its own and you helped to make it happen. You and Bruce," he says.
Tony blinks. "That's right."
It’s not the best part of the job but it makes him feel like he’s closer to doing actual change than most people. It also makes the fact that he has no soul-mate feel less of a burden; if he has no one to go back home to, no one to get hurt if he dies out there, and it makes it easier.
Tony’s frown deepens. “What, you asked him?”
Rhodey put on his best voice after he swallows and yells: “I’m almost done.”
“Uh-oh, what are you on now?” he asks, eyes on the book.
“If my math is right —and it always is— three gigajoules per second,” Tony answers.
"You okay?" Tony asks as they make their way towards the bathroom.
Especially not when she kisses him unprecedented, like she’s just saying hello.
“And you’re with her?” Tony asks.
. No, no. You don’t flirt with your assistant, Tony. You do not,” Rhodey warns, raising a finger.
“But what could it generate?” Yinsen asks.
After all, Steve's name is on his skin, too.
Steve chuckles and moves Tony's hand. "Tony..."
Steve breathes out and stares ahead, just taking that in.
"Two tours," Sam answers. "You must miss the good old days, huh?" he asks, crossing his arms.
"Born in 1916, James Buchanan Barnes, known as Bucky by his closest peers, was a member of the 107th infantry of the United States Army during the Second World War. With sharpshooting skills and a nearly perfect score in his training, Barnes graduated third of his class and got commissioned Sargeant just a few days before getting shipped to England, not long after the attack on Pearl Harbor," the voice begins saying.
Tony ducks his head around to get Steve to look at him. “Hey, I’m not dying,” Tony assures. Malibu is a 6-hour flight from New York, sure, but at least it’s still the same country.
Bruce tries to scare them off on his turn but it falls flat.
"I thought your father said he got the last of it," Steve mutters.
"Who the hell is Bucky?" he asks in a heartbeat and draws his gun to shoot but someone kicks him from the back.
Rhodey gives him a look. “What? Can't she just want to talk to me?” Rhodey says, before he slides up the video call. “Hey, you,” he greets.
Tony frowns. “Of the people in this room, which one is a) wearing a spangly outfit, and b) not of use?” he retorts.
"What? How did you get a gun here?" Allen asks, as he passes him the Glock.
. You have a metal
Steve grins. “I’m Steve,” he replies, taking Tony’s hand into his own and shaking it, his wrist burning, pulsing hot blood at the touch.
“Hydra's secret weapon,” Steve mutters, taking the folder in his hands and sitting on the bench.
“Tony, is this guy familiar to you?” Rhodes asks, after taking his phone out and showing Tony something Steve isn’t in the right angle to see.
“That's palladium, 0.15 grams. We need at least 1.6, so why don't you go break down the other eleven?” Tony says.
Inside, everything is a bright shade of beige and gold – it
Tony’s voice does a full shift when he asks: “Oh, really, how’s that been?”
This is not the coming-of-from-the-rush-of-near-death-and-a-dash-of-trauma Tony after the Chitauri attack a few years back, nor the I’m-ashamed-I-made-you-believe-I-was-dead Tony from the year later.
He looks ahead with a straight face. “Right,” Tony whispers. “That's right. You know why? Because we don't have time for a city hall debate,” Tony goes on. “I don't want to hear "the man was not meant to meddle" medley. I see a suit of armor around the world.”
“The two Enhanced?” Steve wonders.
"James ‘Bucky' Barnes," Tony cuts in again.
There’s no correction from the disembodied voice so Steve figures he must’ve gotten it right.
Steve just looks at him. "I'd never think that you're a bad friend," Steve says and Tony just gives him a helpless smile. "Look, we're here now, I figure that's what matters," he adds.
Steve opens his mouth to say something, ask him for something, but nothing comes out.
“I thought humans were more evolved than this,” Thor says, next to Fury’s ear.
“You think I'm not?” Tony retorts, turning to him. “Why did Fury call us and why now? Why not before? What isn't he telling us? I can't do the equation unless I have all the variables,” he rhetorically asks.
"Is that all you got? An empty ultimatum?" He asks like he's amused.
"Every time someone tries to win a war before it starts, innocent people die— every time," Steve tells him, because he knows better.
Tony stands up from the couch with a tired groan. “This is why I love coming home for Christmas…right before you leave town,” he says, trying not to sound bitter.
Tony can almost feel Steve take a deep breath before the captain goes:
Dayana nods brightly and moves her fingers to her keyboard. “Sure thing. What’s the name of the engineer?”
But Steve knows he's been miles away even when he was within arms reach and now he fears Tony can't feel him. He fears he's letting him slip away.
He raises his hand quickly and Allen gives him the drink which Rhodey drinks religiously. "Ah, God bless you, Tom," Rhodey sighs, feeling life coming back to him.
They’ve just gotten done with a Rumiko Fujikawa that looks quite promising – an internship at Microsoft's HR department and a business major – when Rhodey starts to think maybe they should call it a day.
“I’m on it,” Tony says, walking his way back to the cargo room, where he left his suit. “Engine three, I’ll meet you there,” he tells Rogers, who nods at him and disappears in no time.
A stick to the soldier’s shoulder and the rest of the monsters get up, blood-thirst on their eyes. Not ready to comply, ready to kill.
“I must have called him in my sleep,” Tony explains, his face sweating. “That’s not supposed to happen,” he adds. “I’ll have to— uh, recalibrate the sensors,” he plans.
“Tony, what…” Steve trails, in absolute awe.
That's the last thing she remembers before she falls unconscious.
Rhodey turns to Ross and the man nods serenely.
era, so," Tony tries to defend and Steve just raises his hand.
Tony swallows his drink. “Sure. I’m just thinking, you know, every time we see each other I have something to show you and this time—” Tony trails, moving one shoulder up. “Well, I don’t,” he adds, tuning to give him an apologetic smile.
Pepper takes another step towards him.
Steve looks at him in an amused surprise and Tony's mouth turns into a thin line, unapologetic.
“I'm afraid I don't understand,” she says, smiling in an acted confusion.
Maybe he's not the only one who's shifty.
He stands quickly, with one sticky barefoot. “Are you okay?” Tony asks, pushing the buttons of the lab’s elevator to the top floor.
Tony gives Rhodey a glance and then turns back to her. “So, would you advice against going through this kind of procedures?” Tony asks.
No more tricks.
Steve pulls Tony's briefs so hard he almost rips them.
He pulls over in front of a bookstore and takes several deep breaths. “What the hell?” he wonders, rolls slightly more up the sleeve of his dress uniform and takes a better look. “What the hell is going on?” he mutters to himself.
“Yes, sir. I made sure to add the record to my report. And may I add, the President is very much looking forward to talking to you.” But Allen’s voice sounds doubtful.
"Oh— and," Maria says, turning to him from her seat. "Stark made another super robot."
“H—Hi,” Captain America mutters, taking one step back and putting his hands on his sides, not sure if putting them in his pockets or not.
Tony nods and then looks at the boy standing next to him. “I loved you in A Christmas Story, by the way,” he tells the smaller kid.
"Scan it again. Triangulate on that transponder frequency," Rhodey says, his mind rushing.
Tony puts a hand on his shoulder and Steve takes that chance to lean down and rest his forehead on Tony’s shoulder, as awkwardly as he can.
He draws the corner of his mouth up and looks at Bruce for a brief moment. “Always a way out,” the Captain says. “You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero,” he says.
“This isn't a consultation,” he clarifies.
“Hey, dude, it’s alright. We’re all nervous, too,” Álvarez tries, being sympathetic. Rhodey scoffs a fake chuckle for his benefit and listens to him go into the bathroom, minding his own damn business.
He closes his eyes and lets out a breath silently, his head doing a little twitch. He can't call down too much attention on him or they'll know.
He uses the goggles again and catches the same two heat signals, although weakened, just getting out the crashed car.
It still makes him end with an oxygen mask on his face, inside his cold chamber in this cold facility.
“Yeah. I told him I knew someone who knew him and he knew it was Steve—“ Rhodey lowers his head as he goes: “I asked him if he wanted me to tell him where he was and he said no.”
“What is it?” Yinsen wonders.
“You too,” Steve replies.
Rhodey chuckles because even though he can’t read Tony’s thoughts, he imagines they all have a single name right now. And it’s the same one that’s written on his wrist.
He saves him but he leaves before he wakes up, because it's all too much to bear.
Tony barely blinks. “Einstein slept three hours a year. Look what he did,” he replies.
“An intelligence organization that fears intelligence? Historically, not awesome,” Tony replies.
The man blinks, remembering he came in for something other than making the air around Steve and Tony feel heavy. “Yeah, right, Pepper. She told me to tell you that she wants you to confirm the inventory for the first cargo ship. They’re supposed to be leaving tonight but she said they need you to sign and make sure everything’s there,” he says.
The corner of Steve’s mouth draws up.
"Ok, that's it, I don't need—" Tony starts to say as he's leaving but Clint turns to him still from the couch.
Pepper raises hey eyebrows and nods. “Really?” she asks and Tony gives a vague shrug. “Well, now, I got about 12% of chances of meeting her, then,” Pepper adds, as promised, not subtle at all. “This seems serious, Phil's pretty shaken,” she says, changing to the subject at hand.
Rhodey doesn’t ask how it went because he knows far too well all the answers are the same, whether or not the missions are successful or fail. It’s a bloody mess.
"No. Ultron could have assimilated Jarvis," Bruce replies. "This isn't strategy. This is— rage," he adds.
"Your welcome-back party," Pepper says. "We can't just let people keep thinking you're dead, Tony," she explains, her arms open.
They arrive at Edwards with absolutely no delay. Rhodey only asked him about anything he knew on the Ten Rings, and Tony provided them with everything he could, carefully omitting just how he got out, managing to say he “created a few weapons” that aided him in his escape. Rhodey didn’t buy it, but his superiors did, and he didn’t keep on pushing it.
Sam looks between him and Natasha before Natasha goes: "Everyone we know is trying to kill us."
Steve watches her go with a mute expression and once she's out of ear range, Tony clear his throat, his arm laid over the back of his chair, all casual.
"Nothing you should be too concerned about. It's all over with, anyways," Rhodey answers. "Have we moved on Ultron?" he asks.
But to see Tony Stark thrown off his element just because Steve very much wants to have sex with him is, so far, Steve’s greatest sexual milestone.
“Come on in, we're celebrating,” Pepper tells the Agent guy.
“You’re living in the past, sweetheart. I don’t have time to read—”
"We believe they may have acquired him sometime during the '70s— or maybe the Nazis infiltrated the U.S.S.R., too. It's unclear, really," Yu answers, blinking in his own confusion. "Every intel we have on him is redacted, very deteriorated or well, missing, because—"
Rhodey lets that thought trail and looks down.
Back then, Rhodey felt his stomach sink hard just in sympathy. He’s lived enough discrimination as it is. Who the fuck cares who you love? Biology certainly didn’t and God sure as hell didn’t either.
Then, his mind picks up with the memories of the day before, coffee and honest talk. Stories, God — so many stories about the forties and the war and 80’s music and TV shows and goddamned Star Wars.
Rhodey shrugs. “I guess. Sulking won’t change anything,” he concludes.
“Ok, but is he gonna beep me before he starts watching me, or is it a silent activity he does? Because that's kinda creepy,” Tony says, raising his eyebrows.
“He would have to heat the Cube to 120-million Kelvin just to break through the Coulomb barrier,” Doctor Banner gives his input.
Tony's afraid Earth's gonna be swallowed whole and he won't be able to even put up a fight.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Hanging out with me so much is doing you no good,” he says, and Steve actually laughs.
Rhodey chuckles again. “We’ll toast to that, then,” he says, smiling widely, too, as he hands Tony the bottle of champagne he brought.
Steve takes a step towards him, his arms uncurling. Then his eyes bore into Tony’s like getting a grip of his soul. “Together,” Steve says.
"You know the guy behind the attacks on D.C.," Rhodey begins to trail.
Tony bites his lip. “Right,” he agrees, remembering.
Steve's promptly overtaken; shooting hot, thick cum all over Tony against his better intentions.
“Metaphorically or literally?”
Maya is in the bathroom, the door halfway open as she washes her face, when Pepper is hit with the realization that she's in the same space as her ‘Maya'.
It was her through and through, maybe even more than it had ever been his.
Tony turns his head to rest his cheek against Steve's shoulder and looks in front of them on the bed, to the shelf in front of it.
"You're not the director of me," Tony shoots at him, annoyed.
“It’s…James, like,
He takes off his pants and boxer briefs with lazy patience, and then goes for his long-sleeved shirt. One arm first then the other and he goes into the shower with his eyelids half-way down.
Tony sighs and looks around him, checking if Steve’s nearby.
A name, a mark, James.
He’d been late for almost seventy years.
“Wait a minute! Tony!” Rhodey yells for him, running behind him out of the bar. “Tony!”
Steve props on his elbows and takes Tony's mouth again, his chest tightening with excitement and rush almost as if he's off to battle.
"You don't remember?" she breathes, shocked.
Steve shakes his head. "What happened to his eye?" he wonders, between laughs.
“I'm a piping hot mess,” Tony declares, his arms falling to his sides. “It's been going on for a while, I haven't said anything,” he adds.
Tony smirks. "Come on," he mutters to Clint. Rhodey lets out a soft scoff.
"Well, for now, I'd stay in stealth mode and stay away from here," Hill suggests.
"Already on the scene," she says. "How's the team?" she asks.
And if he didn't, he'd hold Steve's hand through all of this at least.
Tony's laugh vibrates in his mouth when Tony crashes their lips together again in a quick, wet peck. "Steve, you're adorable," he says at his face. "You know half of the stuff you read about me isn't real, right?"
He's not doing him any favors.
There’s no hurt in the truth.
“—Rhodes must have an idea. He rooms with the guy,” Williams tells the other four men following behind him as they approach Rhodey after one of the last aptitude tests. “Yo’ Rhodes, how’s that dude Álvarez?” he asks and Rhodey frowns.
“Just get in here,” Pepper replies before she kills the line.
Tony looks at him by the door. “I’m sorry,” he says again. All he can think about is Happy battling death in a hospital bed.
But he won't. Has no intention to.
It's then that Steve lets himself break, in the intimacy of Peggy's arms in the home she made for herself in all the time he was gone.
"Yes, Sir. I'll be right there," Rhodey replies.
“Did you have a long day? Would you like a massage?” Tony asks, moving around to put his metal hands on her shoulders and squeeze a little.
The man knows almost perfectly all his moves and manages to dodge and avoid each one.
“Give yourself some credit, please. Stark Tower is your baby. Give yourself— twelve percent of the credit,” Tony says, putting his hands on Pepper’s shoulders.
with ambushes and shit. He walks in with his beam ready and he doesn’t stop holding his breath until he hears his name.
Tony raises his head at that and narrows his eyes, then he moves around to pour himself another drink. "I'd say I don't believe much in that but it hasn't even been a year since I saw a fucking alien ship with my own two eyes," Tony says, then takes a drink.
Seriously, Steve makes it really easy to love him.
Rhodey nods and looks at his watch. “Not this time, though,” he’s quick to say.
And a little pissed, if the look on her eyes was anything to go by.
Tony nods slowly. "Better how?" Tony still asks.
Steve smiles softly. “You have a lot of faith in him, then?”
“Ever since my beloved Ana lost the possibility of baring our children at a young age, there’s nothing on Earth I have wanted more than a child. Just one. I’d ask that on almost every prayer but it could not happen and without my Ana, I wouldn’t try anyway,” he says what Tony had much gathered since he was twelve and old enough to question why Jarvis didn’t have kids of his own. “Not long after, you came into your father’s life and that was about as far as I could get my wish, Tony. Even Ana saw it like that,” he says, his eyes shining with a peaceful nostalgia.
“I don’t care what other fellow airmen do in their spare time, as long as they’re respectable and effective out there, where it matters,” he says, collected.
But Tony eyes
Rhodey doesn’t understand what he means — or better yet doesn’t want to understand — and he makes sure his face shows it.
"I have a license to shoot in 32 countries," Rhodey shares, putting the gun in the back of his pants and then hiding it behind his shirt and jacket.
“With everything that's happening, the things that are about to come to light, people might just need a little old fashioned,” Coulson says, almost nostalgic.
“So why didn't SHIELD bring him in on the Tesseract project? I mean, what are they doing in the energy business in the first place?” Banner concludes.
Barnes is buying fruit. His hair is loose and he's wearing a jean and a long-sleeved green shirt. Rhodey ignores the way his wrist itches every time he looks at him. It's just weird.
But Carol lays a hand on his face and Jim feels like he’s sinking three floors down to a deeper hell. The ever-present voice of reason in his mind makes itself known. ‘
"— Wait, what did you say was his name?" Steve wonders and Peggy repeats. "I'm pretty sure that's his computer," Steve replies a beat after. Peggy just smiles in a reply.
“I hope all this is worth it!” Allen shouts and Rhodey winks at him, closing the door.
Clint stands in front of the hammer and looks at Thor. "You know I've seen this before, right?" he asks him with raised eyebrows.
The Helicarrier finishes collapsing on them and next thing he knows, Steve is falling into the water, unconscious.
Which pretty much would summarize their whole relationship.
Rhodey stands in front of him, expressionless, and regards Álvarez, who stands taller than him. This is a man –a colleague—he hasn’t seen in years, hasn’t heard of in years; he doesn’t know Rhodey, so he won’t let him get away with an asserted read on his own damned self, hell no.
“It’s just the prototype,” Tony answers. “I'm kind of the only name in clean energy right now. That’s what he’s getting at,” Tony adds for the Captain’s benefit.
“Who are these people?” Tony wonders, while disarming one of his old missiles.
Steve sits upright fast, with a brand-new energy and grabs Peggy's folder from his drawer; it had been sitting there for all these months. Untouched. Calling up to him to man up.
This might be the last chapter I post before New Year's. Might also not be. Either way, happy holidays! :D
“Where you from?” Álvarez asks, making small-talk.
But then he spots them.
Rhodey smiles at him and Tony turns back, to a stand where you can see Steve in his former, smaller size. Rhodey only but briefly pays attention to it as he turns to look back further in the room.
"What is that?" Harley asks, taking it.
“Wow, I’d hate to see the other guy,” Steve hears and his eyes open immediately, again.
“I gotta tell you something but first, don’t freak out, and second, I didn’t tell you because this happened like just a few months after your parents — you know—and I knew you had a lot on your plate, so I didn’t want to worry you or upset you with my shit,” Rhodey begins, grabbing Tony by his forearm before they go inside. Hogan is closely watching him and Rhodey understands what Tony meant about boundaries.
He takes a deep breath and runs a hand through his hair, damp with sweat, and sits up straight, looking at the floor.
"You don't like him?" Allen asks him, squinting his eyes.
“I know you did, love,” Peggy says. “And so did I. But you know what’s amazing, Steve? That we’re both here right now. I really would’ve hated to miss seeing this face again,” Peggy adds, rolling her hand across his face.
Like the fact that this is it.
“Oh, God, is it awful? Like, is it Hitler? Is it
"Don't do this to me, Nick," he hears Natasha whisper and he closes his eyes. He figures how much the man means to his colleague.
"I have a prosthetic," he says, but his voice sounds rusty. The security lady at the entrance makes a doubtful face so he shows her a hand, waving vaguely.
Here's to hoping I can publish one more chapter before April 26th and here's to hoping Steve and Tony make it in that godforsaken movie.
Tony's heart falls when he sees her: Pepper. Strapped to chair, crying, her body glowing orange.
,” Rhodey says, finally getting it and Tony shakes his hands in tiny fists, happy. Rhodey actually laughs at that, he looks like Lila getting presents in Christmas. “Alright, congrats on the sex, man,” he says, offering Tony his hand to clasp.
Rhodey stuffs his hands in his jacket's pockets and looks around. There's a lot of pictures of Steve as a young recruit and his old base-camp. "Yeah, figure you can relate," Rhodey mutters and turns to look at Tony, who's just giving him a poker face.
Rhodey knows it's stupid to hold it. He just doesn't know how to go at it.
Tony was pleasantly surprised when she accepted his offer to come work with them.
"And here you are 13 years later, in a dungeon," Tony says.
"If you think back to Switzerland, you said you'd meet me on the rooftop, right? Well, for the first 20 minutes, I actually thought you'd show up. And the next hour... I considered taking that one-step shortcut to the lobby. If you know what I mean."
Tony crosses his arms and shrugs. “Brainwashing,” he answers, quickly.
“And the company that Pepper runs is the largest tech conglomerate on Earth,” Tony says, raising his eyebrows. “It's pretty exciting”.
“You’re right,” Steve agrees.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” the man says in rusty English.
Tony smiles bitterly. "I guess we have that in common, then," he says, leaning against the headboard and looking at Steve's side.
Seems like he’s not the only who’s lost.
Killian stops on his track and Tony watches his shoulders rise and lower as he takes a deep breath. He turns back to Tony and in a second he draws his gun back up again and shoots Maya without remorse.
“No, wait!” Iron Man says, his voice rushed.
when an explosion sends them all flying.
Steve stuffs his hands in his pockets. “I know,” Steve says, following after Tony. “You know, not everything has to have a double-entendre,” he adds, and remembers vividly of a time when he thought ‘fondue’ meant an entirely different thing than just a Swiss meal.
This is of his own making.
"We know. We just got back from Al Bahah. They said you took a detour," Maria says behind her sunglasses, then looks around her. "Any reason why you fancied yourself a little European trip in the middle of a crisis?" she asks, and Rhodey knows there's no malice in her question, she's just teasing him.
"That would
It's not that he's not the kind of person to open up to a colleague about his personal life, it's that Natasha is not the type of colleague to care about that sort of stuff.
be with my soulmate, I just don’t
“You didn’t fucking see?” Tony asks, waving his wrist at Rhodey’s face.
Tony blinks slowly, raising his eyebrows. “Oh...ok, and how did that go?”
“It is time for you to run your father’s company, Tony,” Peggy says without preamble.
"How you doing?" Sam asks Natasha.
"I'm just asking 'cause—  I think I ought to know if you did," Tony defends but Steve hasn't stopped frowning.
“Truth is…I am Iron Man,” Tony declares into the mic, into the world. He’s managed to build this perfect, good thing out of a shitty situation –even more shitty turn of events, when you come think of it — so he might as well take some pride in it.
“Attention!” General Gabriel shouts, just before they get on the plane. “As you were,” he instructs. “Colonel, a word?” he addresses him.
Maya smiles a little too softly before she says: "I know who you are."
"I leave for a month and hell blows up," Rhodey mutters.
surprises. “You don’t wanna go to a fancy, exotic place?”
Tony is no good either because every time Steve touches his chest by mistake he flinches back like his wound is still right open.
“You treat your champions with such mistrust—”
Steve turns around in his bed, puts his arm under his pillow and snuggles it. He takes a deep breath and feels a numbing pain in his heart when the flash of Bucky's smile crosses his mind.
Clint scoffs. "Because you haven't. It's evident," he replies smugly.
“Agent Romanoff , Captain Rogers,” Coulson does the introduction.
"Soviet-made," Natasha concludes.
"You need sleep. Your brain cells clearly lack oxygen," Allen says with a straight face.
“Congratulations, Mister Rhodes,” Jarvis greets as he reaches them. He hands Tony back his graduate cap and then gives Rhodey a firm handshake.
Suuure.
“I'm not afraid to hit an old man,” Tony mutters, almost like a promise.
“Oh, I know, but, like I said, you’re not going to,” he says and takes a step away from him.
Tony walks around the place and finds the wall. "Please be a secret door, please be a secret door, please be a secret door," he says, pushing. "Yay," he mutters once the wall moves.
“Hill!” he hears Fury’s voice on the line.
What he feels is not new, it's not recent. It's old, ancient. What he feels burns with a fire he can't comprehend, to a time he can't think back to.
She points him to where Tony’s lab is, some room downstairs, and Rhodey follows into the considerable darkness. When he gets down, he finds his best friend fast asleep on the table, softly holding onto a coffee mug.
Tony quirks an eyebrow. “How do you know so much about him? Oh my god, platypus, do you have a crush?” he says, batting his eyelashes.
The scrawny kid inside him feels really proud of himself.
Then he feels some kind of air at his forehead and then a piercing pain going all the way through his skull.
His unassuming dark grey jacket is a cover; this man is a soldier.
"Listen, Tony— I'm sorry. About our talk at the Tower, I didn't mean to imply you wanted Ultron to go rogue. All my fears keep, just— clouding my better judgment,"  Steve says, not really looking at him.
“You're tiptoeing, big man. You need to strut,” Tony tells Banner, taking a few steps away from him.
"How about a friend?" Steve offers.
“You got a family?” Tony asks, looking at the table.
Pepper bites her lower lip just to get it from making a pout. She’s known something was wrong for way too long, now.
Tony takes the keys of his car out of his jacket pocket and shakes his head with a smile, almost pained it is. "Trust me, it's better for both of us I go," Tony says. "I wanna stay, believe me, but—  I also want us to go right," he goes, his hand rolling down his chest. "And I've done the whole run before walk thing so maybe I need to try walking this time," he says, giving him a little wink before tugging lightly one of the buttons of Steve's shirt, playfully.
Tony's face does a full shift, like he's recoiling from the conversation in his head and Steve wants to apologize but also know more. Because as far as he knew Howard was an American hero.
Tony follows him almost absent-minded and sees his captors coming in, holding Stark weaponry. “Those are my guns. How did they get my guns?” he wonders.
“You’re gonna stay there?” Tony asks him and his head rises at the question. Rogers turns to look at him for a short second and then he lets out a deep breath, shakes his head and smiles faintly then walks past him back to his chair.
Steve nods with a sure smile. Then he turns to look at the compound, with that strong jaw of his, and says: “I'm home.”
He’s three hours past midnight when he finds something useful, laying on the couch in the living room, with a Christmas hat on his head.
He wants to scoff a laugh but his body is not working with him; his flesh hand feels like it’s burning.
I know it took me longer than a month to update this and that it's not even that long. You'll have to forgive me, life keeps eating me up.
Steve crosses his arms and looks defeated. "Just, why, Tony?"
"I'm Clint's sister-in-law," the woman says, smiling honestly.
The warmth coming from his body is enough to stiffen Bucky in his spot.
Tony turns to him. “No. Magic is magic we don't understand,” he replies flat, before he moves to the table.
Steve turns to Tony and
Natasha stands silent and Maria comes closer to them, looking at Nick through the glass, too.
Jimmy runs up the stairs before his parents can see him cry. His Pops never likes it, says Jimmy’s not supposed to let the world see him crack (“Because they’re like sharks, boy, when they smell blood, they’ll come for more”) and his Momma’s always protective and embarrassing, thinking Jimmy can’t stand on his own.
“Девять.” He just wishes it felt like resting, like quiet death.
All of his Howling Commandos had lived a good life and had passed away, some of them a while ago, others just recently. He’s putting aside James Montgomery’s file when he sees hers.
He holds that thought as the chamber closes, trapping his chained body inside. He lets his gaze fall, away from Karpov and his men and this century. And without the slightest intention, he notices it, crystal clear on his flesh arm. It makes the man on his brain choke a breath. Recognize.
They exchange handshakes and then Rhodey’s mother goes: “Honey, we should get going. Your father went to get the car, he wants to take us to that place you like on Parker Street,” she says.
Steve turns then and they both look at each other; eye to eye, like their souls staring at one another.
“And I am sure Second Lieutenant Rhodes understands the importance of being a responsible person and doing their job,” Jarvis says, addressing Rhodey with suggestive eyebrows.
“Go where?” Tony asks.
He thinks of Rhodey and Pepper and JARVIS and Happy and his bots. He thinks of his broken life.
Steve nods once, he's long since stopped being ashamed of it. "And as far as I know, so does Iron Man," Steve retorts.
“I do!” the Captain exclaims, far too excitedly. Tony rolls his eyes at that,
“These were in Phil Coulson’s jacket,” Fury speaks with a heavy voice, and then throws something at the glass table. “I guess he never did get you to sign them,” he adds, Tony turns his head just slightly to see he’s talking to Rogers.
Tony pulls Steve closer by his hands, startling him a little, and steps on his tiptoes to give Steve a chaste kiss.
“Ok, so, what do you need? Like, how can I help?” Tony asks, changing his stance.
"Rhodey, we gotta move," Maria calls for him.
Tony's eyes shift to the side before going back to him again. "Who's a guy," he adds, giving a vague shrug.
“Not you,” the man says and he just fully frowns this time. “My orders were to find the Winter Soldier. I still haven’t found him,” he adds, shrugging.
Steve washes his hands and, for the first time in days, he looks at it. He rubs his thumb across his 'Anthony Stark' and sighs. He has to call him. He has to let him know all the shit-show that's going down.
“Is everything a joke to you?” the Captain asks, narrowing his eyes at him.
The man starts walking away from him, suddenly leaving him feeling weirdly empty, when he blurts out: “Wait. What’s your name?”
Sometimes Álvarez reminds Rhodey of Tony. Maybe that’s why he likes him.
However, he still says “Take care” to Steve, grabbing his elbow carefully.
Nick draws the corner of his mouth up and then moves his head, motioning for him to go into the car.
do something—"
The Captain smiles back, his eyes narrowing. “Or are we, really?” he retorts.
“Is it better to be feared or respected?” he begins, all rehearsed. “And I say, is it too much to ask for both?” he adds smugly, a few officers behind Rhodey let out a light chuckle.
“Is he okay?” Steve interrupts.
“Barnes,” Allen says and Rhodey takes a look at the surveillance image. “I used your buddy’s face recognizance system to spot him in a market in Montegiardino, a little town in San Marino,” he elaborates.
Seriously, he was going to give Tony so much shit for this.
“What do you mean?” he asks.
"Negative," the other one replies.
But Tony learns, in time, that coming out with that brings more problems than anything else.
Tony steps out of the suit and goes, as casually as he can muster. "Yeah, it's— Maya Hansen," he says, locking eyes with Pepper a few steps above him.
Also, I wanna mention again: I'm still looking for beta readers.
Tony takes his phone out of his back pocket and opens the vault where he keeps the suit. Back to the safe spot.
He stares at Barnes' grey picture and takes a deep breath, feeling a tug on his heart.
“That's the guy my dad never shut up about? I’m wondering if they shouldn't have kept him on ice,” Tony comments, back on his screen.
He’d been far too focused on doing his best that Rhodey really couldn’t bring himself to know just what kind of stuff people were talking about his roommate, so he just stands there and raises his eyebrows, waiting for more exposition.
“The Phillies have managed to tie up at 4-4. But the Dodgers have three men on. Pearson beaned Reiser in Philadelphia last month. Wouldn't the youngster like a hit here to return the favour?” the voice sounds around the room and it clicks, he remembers that, his first time on a baseball field
Steve just breathes out loudly. "If I thought Ultron would bring peace, I'd hang up my shield," he says.
Rhodey catches the news on his trip to the base on Laughlin.
"I haven't seen him in almost a year. He's been avoiding visiting me because he knows I'll smack that hot-headed buttock he has for pulling that stunt in Manhattan," Peggy says, amused but also upset, as she walks around slowly over to the couch in the living room and pats for Steve to join her.
Rhodey lets the water roll down his face to his body, wash all over him and smooth the weird aching in his chest off. He rubs himself with soap, his body, his face. He gives himself a little massage on his head and rubs his eyes one more time, shaking off the sleepiness.
"When you two programmed him to protect the human race, you amazingly failed," Natasha says, looking between Tony and Bruce.
He then was rescued by Cap and served the country in the elite combat unite known as the Howling Commandos before he was assumed dead after he fell from a speeding train between the mountains of the Alps in 1944.
“You know he does. This was just too good not to share,” Pepper says.
“I was right about him,” Rhodey adds, serene, looking back at Allen before they make their way to the car.
The reason was Howard's kid written on his skin.
He realizes this mission might just be harder than the Alpha level one, even.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you sure I shouldn’t be going there? You might need some protection—”
"Yeah, the Winter Soldier," Tony interrupts and Rhodey figures he'd know. It was in many newspapers and TV news.
Steve gets the tone change and Tony crosses his arms, challenging. Then Steve’s stance shifts, he looks down and breathes out.
“NATO's got him,” she answers.
"Right, you don't wanna burden him with it," Sam says but his tone is doubtful.
The program had a significant pause during 1986, before it was resumed again in 1991, for top-secret missions.
Killian turns back to Tony. "It's times like this my temper is tested somewhat," he comments. "Maya, give me the injector," Killian says, offering his open palm to her.
Tony looks to the side, notices they're alone. "Oh, yeah. With zip ties. It's a ball," he says, not even looking at her.
"Please, that's not ev— I mean, how do you even know we haven't, hmm?" Tony asks, daring.
Steve huffs a breath, hands on his hips. "I guess I got a late start."
And he's always the key to make it happen.
Tony wrinkles his nose. "It's gonna sound cheesy as hell but – I feel like I can— finally breathe properly," Tony answers, in a doubtful tone. He's not even trying to be corny, it's just legit how it feels.
Tony thought ‘Of course the way they wanted to handle it, was to try locking him up and unknowingly making everything worse. Idiots all of them, didn’t they monitored Bruce for more than a year, how could they not realize how much control he had?’
"Good. Let's see what we got." Tony answered, flew by in his Iron Man suit, stopped at the engine and scanned it. He observed the damage to the engine and looking for the quickest way to fix it.
Fury’s expressions slowly dawn on understanding. Captain America was nothing more than a shell of his former self; his life didn’t have a purpose anymore. Fury frowned at that “Is it that bad?”
Tony clenched his hand tighter. Rogers was rubbing Yinsen’s death all over his face.
“You good?” Steve breathed out, lowered his head to look at him. He felt warmer like Tony was giving off some kind of energy that Steve was now close enough to feel. He wished they would get even closer so they’d be breathing the same air-if he could remember to breathe.
Maria would fall asleep next to him and just feel incredibly alone. Sharing a bed should be intimate and comforting, but it just made her felt depressed and isolated."
It took every ounce of self-control Anthony had to ease back. His pulse roared in his ears; beat like dragonfly wings.
But it was neither his willowy figure nor his stunning face that left him breathless and stupid. It was Tony’s soul. It shone in his brown eyes like sunlight on diamonds, gleamed on the very glow of his butternut skin.
He knew he shouldn’t but after reading the report he had been given by SHIELD his curiosity won, and he hacked into Shield’s security cameras.
Anthony could feel Steven’s knot pressing against the slick, wet skin of his ass.
Frustrated, Steve stopped replacing the punching bag and looked at Fury fully and was surprised at how exhausted the director look. In the two months, Steve knew him, Fury always seemed immutable, unchanging, the man who walked up to a super-soldier who punched his trained soldiers through walls with such calmness.
Power failing, Tony lost his grip on the warhead, his armor chipped away piece by piece as the lights of the suit dimmed to black. He watched as the nuke rocketed off towards the gargantuan ship that hovered above Earth like a malevolent spider and exploded in bright flashes of light and fire that engulfed the ship and its surrounding smaller ships in. The eerie silent explosion that followed painted the destruction in front of him with its magnificent splendid colors and bathed him in its radiation and blew him backward.
Anthony was trembling in Steven’s arms. “Yes...” he gasped out, “Deeper, please…”
“Did he know?”
"Loki, drop the weapon and stand down!" Romanoff's voice blared from the speaker but Loki wasn't listening. Like greased lighting, he launched a blue blast at the aircraft. Natasha barely had enough time swerve out of its path.
He heard an odd whimpering noise and realized it must have been him, since Tony was still just standing there, unsmiling, gazing at him. Then Steve realized that Tony was looking at him with resentment and anger and something else he couldn’t decipher lurking in his beautiful eyes.
A slap and pain blossomed on his cheek. Tears prickled his eyes and he tried to stop it from fall which would only make his dad angrier. Stark men were made of iron; his dad didn’t tolerate weakness… Then his dad threw his toy against the unforgiving wall and broke it. He couldn’t help it, tears fell to his chubby cheeks.
"Neither am I." Steve assured him gently.
Steve let out a gasp of panic at the sight of a face all too still, pale and silent. "No…" half-formed sobbed in every breath now, Steve bent in to listen for breathing or anything to prove he might just be unconscious and not dead. Tony wasn’t breathing.
“I've heard a lot about you from Howard.” He arched his eyebrow when Steve's face brightened at the mention of Howard Stark. “Howard praised you to heaven and back.” Tony's voice turned mocking. “The way I see it he must be senile, wasting all his time and money looking for a superhero of your standard.”
Not having Tony around would be unbearable and Steve didn't want to go through that. ‘Not again.’ Something in him screamed through the bond.
And you'll get your cube back, no muss, no fuss.” Tony said.
Chapter 5 New Purpose
Anthony Stark, 4 years old.
"It is a prototype. I am kinda the only one who use clean energy, right now,"
Looking at how tensed Tony was the Agent humoured him. “There is someone.” his mouth quirked a little. “She is a cellist.”
He watched and listened jealously until Tony jabbed the guy who was capable of turning into the Hulk. He angrily stormed in to scold the irresponsible billionaire for putting himself and everyone else in danger. Just the thought of losing Tony so soon made his blood ran cold.
The portal shrank and Steve couldn’t breathe, a large part of him wanted to stop trying to. The super-soldier turned away, unwilling to watch the portal shrinking, locking Tony away forever.
In Steven’s hand, he was helplessly happy. Making love with his beloved was so sweet, it was ecstasy. To have Steven inside of him for the first time was pure bliss he cried with happiness. For the first time in his life, he felt complete. It was as though he was waking from a long winter… Like when he and Steven first kiss…
Nothing could go wrong…
This wasn’t something a self-righteous asshole like Rogers would ever understand.
The whole universe instantly compressed down to their kiss, to the way they shared breath. Something inside Steve sang with glee, his enhanced senses racing, razor-focus, feeling every blissful touch of skin and lips on his.
He caught his face through the crowd, eyes wide, barely dared to believe, he whispered “OH MY GOD.” As his eyes locked on the most riveting man he’d ever beheld from across the room. Steven visually devoured him.
Thor followed, his anger rose again.
Loki smiled, hiding his anger “There are no men like me.”
In Japan, they had something called Kintsugi-the art of repairing precious pottery with lacquer dusted or mixed with powdered gold, silver, or platinum, a method similar to the maki-e technique that resulted in a piece that had obviously been broken, but was more beautiful for it. A beauty born from tragedy. If only if human being could be repair like that. He was scars with mistakes, with shame and no matter how great an engineer he was, Tony Stark couldn’t repair himself. He didn’t even know how to begin.
“Look, all of us...” Steve began.
Fury and Shield doesn’t know about him and Howard because back then Alpha/Alpha and Omega/Omega relationship was treated like gay relationship in 1940.
He knew he shouldn’t do this. It was a taboo punishable with death for an Alpha to bed another Alpha but he couldn’t help it, his desire was like wildfire. He knew that before long he'd slick up so he could welcome Steven as he belonged with him all along. He opened the door to Steven’s chamber. The room full of Steven’s scent- it smelled divine.
About the bone breaking, Howard broke Tony’s ribs when he caught him making out with a Beta. Tony was lucky he didn’t catch him with an Omega since Tony was poly-sexual like his dad.
The fond expression warmed Steve’s eyes enough that Tony forgot their earlier fight.
He gritted his teeth, reminded himself of all the reasons this could go wrong.
I had been told that my tense is horrible so seriously in need for a beta. I regret losing the last one. Sorry
If there was anyone in this hovercraft he willing to trust even minutely, it was Doc. Banner. He didn’t trust Fury and his minions as far as he could throw them- and that included Rogers. Thor seemed like a good guy but he was Loki’s brother. So he would earn Banner trust and alliance.
“H-how can you say that?” Steve said in disbelief. “Aren’t your parent soul-mates?”
There it was: the something that had frightened Iron Man before. It was possessive and bright and positively overwhelming in its simple dedicated intensity. Steve was prepared to move mountains to be with him. He could feel part of him responding to that passionate possessiveness with anticipation. A bigger, more rational part of him wanted that spark to burst into flame. It was too intense, too fast, undeserving!
Steven was kissing his neck, promising he would devote the rest of his life making him the happiest Omega in the world. This wasn’t right… This was a dream!
Tony was speechless at the sudden change “Rogers…”
"It'll slow the rotors down long enough for me to get out. Stand by it, wait for my word." Tony instructed, using his laser to break apart one of the bigger pieces of metal.
Note: Howard was actually Steve half mate but Steve mistakenly think they’re soul-mate-despite they both being alpha and so dissimilar-because he felt the PULL, kind of like twilight. Of course Howard work it all out when he meet his true Soul-mate, Maria
“Lies? What, you think you knew my father more than I do. Me, who grew up in that bastard household while you, a national icon who benefitted his social standing.” his voice razor-sharp. “Just how much time did you got to spend with him during the war? I spent 16 years with that man before I knew better and fucking left that damn hellhole. If you think for one second that guy sincerely cared for anyone but himself then you were more stupid than I thought you are.” he spat acidly.
“No, wait!” Tony shouted back, as a brilliant idea occurred to him. And as time was of the essence, there was no other way to deal with the bomb. He was going to end this.
"Uh, thanks?" Bruce took the hand nervously but gave it a firm shake. To his surprise, he felt Stark's pulse calm and collected under his hand. Stark didn't know about the Other Guy, there was no way anyone wasn't afraid of the Hulk. Steve was thinking the same thing.
Loki: dwi-sex-high level Alpha and low level Omega.
Rogers must have a giant star in the middle of his chest caused he was too proud of his serum healing factor or something equally as stupid. Unlike Rhodey many male alphas were too proud for their own good, Rhodey would never paint a giant star in the middle of his armor’s chest no matter how tough Tony made it.
The guy was just like every arrogant, egotistical alpha he had the displeasure of meeting. Worse he was every bit like Howard, an extreme EGOIST who ALWAYS thought he knew better than anyone, and whose ego got to the point where he couldn't see beyond his own ‘greatness.’ He was everything Tony loathed.
He put up a hand to touch Tony, his hand shaking a little… He wanted it too much, it was all too much.
Tony looked at Banner playfully. “Shall we play, Doctor?”
Loki lifted his head a dangerous gleam in his eyes as he glared at him.
Fury came striding in, having discovered a security breach “What are you doing, Mr. Stark?” he said and then clenched his jaw.
But what was the alternative? Wait until the world burned along with him…. Or spend the rest of his life which was…? Fifty… sixty… seventy years… mourning his loss and watching punching bags split under his fists while the world keeps buzzing on overhead, growing and changing, spinning as if he wasn't there, as if his presence was inconsequential… Wasn’t that even more painful… then being out there fighting in the battlefield then perish honorably, a beautiful death… just like it should have been…
Then there were the soul-mates who weren't happy but stay together anyway, clung to the idea of the ideal relationship and what society expected of them. That was the situation his mom-Maria stark- was in, she was trapped in a never-ending cycle of misery, waiting, still waiting for her soul-mate to make her life perfect again, and grew increasingly bitter, resentful and withdrawn the longer the ideal eluded her. Tony promised himself, he would never let himself be that pitiful.
It was written that Tony was dying at the time. Steve pale at the thought of his soulmate could have been dead but he had been dying for half of his childhood, he would never endanger other people like Tony did.
Tony stared at him. Despite his better judgment, he could feel tears at the rims of his eyes. He quickly ducked his head, struggling to compose himself. No one had ever wanted him like that. No one had ever said I love you the way Steve did.
As far as the Omega boy was concerned, well at least they would be able to make sure he’ll marry well one day so it’s not a total lost cause.
“You were sadistic, egotistical, brainless alpha on a power trip who thought too highly of your skill and worth!” Steve had never thought he would ever hear his soul-mate spoke to him in such a dark tone. “How dare you wrapped yourself in our American’s symbol? YOU SCUMBAG! What made you think you were worthy?! Even THE TORCH was far worthier than YOU! Heroes like you were an embarrassment to our country and you made me want to puke!” he spat venomously.
"Find engine three, I'll meet you there." Tony called over the racket. He took off at a run down the darkened corridor into a side room and smiled as he saw the Iron Man armor lit up in lights.
Steve had to stop himself from wincing when all that intelligence focus with lethal intensity solely on him like he was nothing but a worm and Tony was finding a way to crush him beneath his shoes.
i just realize this story is really lacking and decide to rewrite it. sorry
Beta usually attracted to Beta, Omega and Alpha usually attracted to each other with a small percentage of exception. But since the number of Alpha was more than 2 times Omega, the rest end up with Beta. But it was frowned upon by some (though most population was okay with it). Like the Beta was seen as stealing Alpha from a potential Omega and a waste of good gene especially if it was high-level Alpha.
Anthony Edward Stark. Iron man. His Twin-soul…
Steve’s hackles rose again “Put on the suit, let found out.” Steve bit out. Tony had a suicidal streak the size of Texas and it angered Steve so much that he not even willing to listen!
Bruce looked up at him past all the running programs. "But you can control it." He couldn't stop the bitterness and jealousy in his voice.
Steve didn’t seem deflated which Tony found surprising. He just seemed curious. “But you hated Howard.”
The worst part was the dreams, for a few hours each night he got to feel what it feels to have Steve only to return to hellish reality. He was so sick of hurting, he wished he didn't love Steve half as much as he did, but he couldn’t stop. God knew, he had tried. Thankfully, his sense of responsibility overpower his urged to drown his sorrow with alcohol or he would have turned to alcoholism again.
Maria could never get pregnant again. She couldn’t give Howard the son he so desperately wants. Howard didn’t even come to see how she was doing. Tears fell to her cheeks and she wept. A deeper fear became clear: was she less of a woman and an Omega because her body was no longer capable of doing what an Omega woman’s body was evolutionarily made to do?
Howard and Maria became increasingly bitter and angry with passing years.
Pepper curled her long fingers delicately around both of his hands. They felt cool against his palm and he held on tight. When she spoke, it's with a yearning that he had never really heard before with her. "Bonding hardly ever happen and twin flame bond was even rarer. How I could ever be angry that you got to have something so wonderful?"
"Do I look to be in a gaming mood?" He said, voice taking on his anger.
And it killed him every time watching Howard, his friends, his neighbors going away, dying, one by one. He could barely contain the bone-deep despair for failing to die when everyone he loves had done so that his whole body was shaking uncontrollably, and his face was wet with tears. Was it really worth it? Saving the world at the cost of everything he knew; everything he loved. They should have left him in the ice!
They’d all be true. In the end, what he decided on was. “It didn’t matter why. I’m going to marry Pepper.” he sounded resigned, why the hell did he sound resigned, marrying Pepper had been his dream for the past 2 years! This was all the soul-bound doing, it was poisoning his mind.
“Finally, someone who speaks English!” To talk to someone without dumbing down any explanation was perfect.
It was like being pierced by an arrow by something whatever it was cupid opposite, and Steve staggered like a wounded stag. “No, I—please…" A brittle sheen in his sky-blue eyes, Steve reached a hand out as his tongue tripped over the words. Steve’s hand was hot as if it was burning a path straight to his heart.
That warmed Steve’s heart. That Tony had been thinking about him…
Fury circled the table toward Captain America. “Yes. We were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract.” he said and felt Stark’s eyes at him. “I never put all my chips on that number, though, because I was playing something even riskier.” he paused to let it sink in. Steve finally looked up at him. He could see the well-guarded sadness in Fury’s eyes and some of his anger at the Director drained away.
Using the excuse of getting better marketing, he had named Tony creations as his because he didn’t want the world to know that his Omega son’s talent outstripped that of his own. Tony being the foolish, loyal son he was had let him!
Thanks for all that review
I had reason why I think Steve and later tony visit the memory of their past lives. Steve was a famous painter in his past life.
“Stupid woman.’’ Howard spat leaving his soulmate looking shattered.
“Mind your tone.’’ Maria’s lips twisted into a slight ugly snarl as she glared at him. “You’re just a butler.’’ She spat venomously. “I and Howard were happy before I was pregnant with this… this abomination! Couldn’t even be born an Alpha!”
He saw Anthony’s shoulders began to relax, an urbane smile graced his lovely mouth. “Indeed, a pleasure.” His eyes told Steven no more than if they’d been made by glass.
Surprise filled Steven’s eyes before it vanished making way to love and acceptance he could never dream to be directed at him. “Okay.” The Alpha said. Now it was Anthony turned to be surprised. “Anything you want.” Steven gently ran his warm fingers from Anthony's cheek down to his chin, caressed him.
Steve shoved his uneasy thoughts aside. As Loki stared out the window intently, the blond discerned the nervous villain who had been calm and quiet before the thunder. It was as if the thunder agitated him. "What's wrong? Scared of a little lightning" he netted.
In that instant, the relief was so potent, so intoxicating, that Steve felt  lightheaded.
Just like any high-level alpha, Rogers would aggressively show his dominant and true color by trying to beat the shit out of Tony, and of course, Tony would fight back and kick his ass thus step all over Roger’s big alpha ego. Rogers would realize what a bad match they were, problem solved!
In Stark's penthouse, Loki crawled up the small stairs then turned to find himself surrounded by The Avengers staring down at him, as the victors. Their faces like storm gathering, Hawkeye looked particularly threatening with his arrow posed.
16 THE DREAM THE KISS AND TONY ANSWER
"Steve, tell me none of this smells a little funky to you?" He asked softly.
He breathed a laugh.
Thanks for all that review
It hurts her. Everything hurts her; her skin felt tight and sore like it did before the onset of flu. Pitying look from others felt like knives on her. She was really miserable.
Warning: NC 17 slash.
It was dark. In the dark, there was peace. He sought refuge in it. Release from the fear and pain. His pulse dwindled. The darkness pushed in around him. There was an ease in slipped away-gave into the unfamiliar calm.
It felt like being shot multiple times. He heard a bark of harsh, humorless laughter then he realized the sound came from him. He wiped at his tears, the horrible laugh still hadn’t stopped. It had never been the same again after that. He couldn’t forgive Howard anymore!
It was some kind of a public concert hall. Apparently, Loki was a Diva
“It is because of Howard… because it is the only thing I can do for him besides taking care of his company.” he was spilling something deeply personal again. Tony felt a deep sense of guilt because he was telling someone he barely knew something he never told Pepper, his Alpha.
Bruce and Jarvis: Middle level Beta. The safest and surest in any pack.
“Howard was my soulmate, and he was long gone!” At the memory of his soul-mate, his scratchy but desert-dry eyes suddenly wanted to cry. His vision blurred as he flung and burst yet another reinforce punching bag across the room to join the pile of broken and dismembered bags in the same general area.
Tony’s bond awakened when he first saw Steve picture when he was little. Steve’s bond would soon awaken when he saw Shield’s file that contain Tony picture. Tony knew how popular he was, he would meet Steve sooner or later. He was preparing himself to subdue the bond. Steve would be shocked at how much Tony rejected their bond, poor guy.
He glanced over at Tony. “Sorry, the computer is moving a little slow for me.” Steve felt pride bubbled inside of him as he had found out about Phase 2 faster than Tony’s computer did.
Steve looked like someone who had just lost his soul. Tony had to use every ounce of his will to curb the impulse to reach out to him.
Captain America: more than 100%/off the chart alpha.
Then someone cleared their throat, and the moment was broken. They remembered their teammates were around. It hit Tony like lightning, all the reasons this was a really bad idea. Tony could have kicked himself for letting the bond fucked with his mind and acted like a lovesick buffoon. ‘Pepper.’ He might be alive but that changed nothing, he couldn’t wreck the beautiful relationship he had with Pepper for something so uncertain, something that could ruin him.
There was a deafening crash. The ship lurched violently, throwing everyone in the lab in every direction in surprise. Natasha and Bruce were blasted through the lab window to the floor below, Fury and Thor toppling to the floor. Steve dived in to shield Tony as part of the wall collapsed and fire breathed overhead.
When it subsided, he felt as if he swallowed a plum-sized rock. What suitable answer could he possibly give? Regained his composure, he laughed and gave her a chaste kiss, looking at her with all the love he felt in his heart. “If so, it is because you make me want to become a better man.” He murmured softly enough she could take the words for indistinct music if she preferred. His eyes were as dark and as delicious as Turkish coffee.
He doesn't try to refute her. People like him don't get to be happy no more.
Sometimes, it's good to be reminded he's not the only monster in the room.
Steve chuckles. "Yeah, Peggy also thought it was pretty cool," he mentions, not thinking better.
"Alright, let's move," Steve says in that tone of his.
“I told you, I’m still not sure about that—”
Rhodey’s about to go back outside before Tony asks him to stay.
Rhodey nods. "Sure. If you need someone from the bench, you know, I'm your guy, coach," he says.
It’s him, but it’s not him, he’s something else, something unusual—it has nothing to do with James. So who is he? And who is James?
"You travel far," Fury comments as he takes a few steps towards him, his hand out for Rhodey to shake.
Rhodey glares at him and goes back to gathering the rest of his stuff; this conversation is done.
"Uncle Clint!" a little girl yells as she launches herself into Barton.
"The girl tried to warp my mind," Thor says on the comms. "Take special care. I doubt a human could keep her at bay— fortunately, I am mighty."
Steve lays his arm across the back of the couch and Tony's eyes do a little sparkle before he takes the hint and leans forward to rest on his shoulder. Steve smiles a big smile as he rests his face on top of Tony's head.
“It should be tonight, somewhere around 10 PM. Unless Tony finds himself tangled in doing another piece and further jeopardizing my career,” Rhodey says, still glaring a little.
Yu smiles at him and Rhodey feels a little cold. "That won't be necessary, Colonel," he says, and hands Rhodey another file. This one is much older, dustier, and in Russian. "My good friend Thaddeus just brought this to us, you know, from an under the table deal," Yu shares and looks up to Ross.
So Bucky becomes really aware of his surroundings all of the sudden and he turns his head just slightly to properly look at the man, seemingly casually picking some apples.
“We’re good to go on this end. The rest is up to you,” he tells Pepper over the line as he flies through New York buildings.
“Alright, I gotta go talk to some investors— can you see he doesn’t cause himself harm?” Pepper shares, then talks to Rhodey, who nods at her, and gives him a kiss on the cheek before disappearing out of the lab.
“What floor are you going to, pal?” Happy asks, a wall between him and Tony.
"Ok, what about me? I can't go to Saudi Arabia without you and your shiny ass suit," Allen asks, whispering.
Rogers walks towards him and turns back to his soft voice like a switch. “Sometimes there is no a way out, Tony,” he mutters, meeting him halfway.
"Listen, Rhodes," General Yu calls his attention again. "Just, dig up a little intel on him and bring him in. We just wanna ask him some questions and then we'll proceed accordingly," he says.
In the dead darkness, Tony takes unsteady steps on unsteady ground. His armor is ripped and the cold creeps into the coziness inside the suit, freezes his skin underneath it. He’s not wearing the layer of underarmor; he’s bare, naked.
“I'll be right outside,” Happy adds.
“Not so much. When he's got that thing though guy's like a Stephen Hawking,” Coulson replies but Steve doesn’t know who that is. “He's like a smart person,” Coulson supplies. “I gotta say, it's an honor to meet you, officially,” he says, after a long second, and Steve smiles at him. “I’ve sort of met you, I mean, I watched you while you were sleeping,” he adds and Steve’s smile drops. “I mean, I was— I was present while you were unconscious from the ice. You know, it's really, it's just a...just a huge honor to have you on board,” he keeps going as Steve stands up and goes over to the front of the jet.
“Great, then,” Thor says and Steve looks down at the table, lost in thought.
Bruce just shrugs in reply.
"Right, so, if I lift it, I then rule Asgard?"  Tony asks Thor.
It's nearly the seventh time he draws the Tower. He nearly knows it by heart now.
Then the bearded man speaks again, his voice raised higher, as he opens up a piece of paper he was holding in his hand.
“Well, you created me, after all,” JARVIS bites back and Tony chuckles.
Álvarez stops asking questions this time and later on Rhodey finds out he's not into Star Wars. Betrayal on all the nerd community.
The brunette smiles. “No, it’s Café Madrid, actually—”
“—Even limb regrowth,” she says, a big hopeful smile on her face.
Rhodey looks down at his papers but there's a feel in his gut.
Steve doesn't dwell much on it because Tony's lowering him down again and this time he takes his time. Tony's beard tickles him pleasantly as he moves across Steve's chest, slowly; a mix of breath, tongue, beard, more breath.
into the whole thing, which meant, pretty likely, that if Tony went anywhere near the action chances of running into
“My dad
“So, where’s Steve?” Rhodey asks, because he might as well get this over with.
The first time he’s seeing is Tony’s brown eyes getting deeper, the first time he’s hearing is Tony’s harmonic whimpers; the first time he’s touching is Tony’s pointy perfect jaw, the first time he’s smelling is Tony’s expensive deodorant.
Tony makes a smug face and stands, then unbuttons his jacket and dramatically clears his throat.
He's in his full uniform, like that last night he saw him during the Stark Expo, and there's a beer in his hand and a smile on his face.
He knows he's right.
“So, you’re really going through with this?” he asks, for the third time this week.
“When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?” the agent asks him.
better.
“It was teeming with sweaty workmen,” Tony says.
“Wow, that doesn't look like a Jericho missile,” Yinsen says, once he notices the reactor glowing.
“Grow a spine, Jarvis. I’m busy,” Tony tells his AI just before coming inside.
Maria sighs as she puts one tiny bag under the tree. “It’s okay. I believe Edwin told you about your father’s little surprise,” she asks, raising one eyebrow.
Álvarez quirks one eyebrow. “Ah, rival school,” he says and now Rhodey is the one frowning.
But Tony’s oxygen-lacking brain takes a different highroad and chuckles instead. Against his better judgment.
"You know me," the man says, daring this time. He knows he's winning the battle.
Tony watches Killian leave the room with his heart racing, but then he starts hearing something from where Maya's body fell and then he sees her.
It was gonna be a hard battle, this one.
"Sounds like a hell of a fight. Sorry I missed it," Sam says after Steve's done telling him the story of the latest HYDRA base they found.
"Several eyewitnesses confirmed it," Yu mutters behind him.
before he faints.
With shaky hands, he drags the device to his ear just before checking the caller. “Yes, sir?” he salutes, catching his breath.
"I know. What would you do without me?" he concedes, before rolling the chair to sit in front of him. "So, I take it they gave you new orders," he says later in an asking tone.
Rhodey opens his palms. "But no, they refused to see it that way. And then there's this weird feeling that Ross gave me about it—"
There’s a giant….Transformers-looking fucking
"I guess a golden statue wouldn't be too tacky, right?" Tony asks, putting his feet on the table and then pulling.
Natasha turns quickly, a tiny smirk on her lips. “I thought you and Tony were still gazing into each other's eyes,” she says, extending her hand so Steve gives her the tablet. “How are we looking?”
Sam shifts on his seat before he notices who it is. “Hey—oh,” he says.
“Where the hell have you been?” she asks, taking two steps towards him, shaking an accusing finger.
"They don't need to be protected. They need to evolve," Bruce mutters, like he's thinking out loud. "Ultron's going to evolve," he says, louder this time.
“But I
He tried to have Sam bring a few of the guys from Washington, but it was hard to get it done, even with Tony providing plane tickets.
Steve chuckles in reply and kisses her wrinkly hands. “I really missed you, Pegs,” he says, simply.
They both agreed they're adult enough to try to work it out long-distance.
Happy sighs. “Look, she said you had to get this done by today if you wanna move before Christmas,” he added.
Bruce smiles in disbelief. “I thought Ultron was a fantasy,” Bruce says.
But what on earth could he possibly say?
The flight programs and classes he took during his college years didn’t make him any less excited about the prospects of becoming an Air Force Pilot. Of fulfilling his dream. Of touching the sky.
“You deserve this time off,” Tony adds, holding her hand.
Rhodey nods and takes a breath. "I know. He's been waiting for you by the balcony," Rhodey says. "Good luck," he adds.
“Uhm, Miss—Potts?” Rhodey calls after one more check in her file. “Is Monday good for you to begin?” he asks. She looks at him, then back at Tony, fixes her bangs and nods.
He's not James. That's not what the mark means. The mark means something else. What was it?
Steve gets up slowly and stands in front of him, open.
Just two days before his forty-first birthday, James is back on his wrist.
Notice how I updated the work tags. We're in for A RIDE here
It’s inside the casino – naturally – that he finds him. He's by the dice table, Happy at his back and a woman running her fingers down his collarbone, business as usual.
"Ok, you've lost me," Allen gives up.
"Who sent you?" Thor asks, his hand closing tightly around the hammer's handle.
“Ma’am,” Steve says, nodding politely.
Rhodey takes it as they make their way through the halls. “Did they give you clearance for the early meeting with the President today?” he asks, before he opens the file.
But now that he had the power, they engaged in developing newer and better technology for all kinds of purposes.
“You know what? I gotta give it to this thing,” Tony blurts out, filling the empty silence.
"No, you're in a dungeon. I'm free to go," Maya says, calm. Tony mutters a ‘yeah' and shakes his head again. Maya gets up from her stool with a sigh. "A lot has happened, Tony," she says, making her way towards him while he pulls at the zip-ties but fails at freeing himself. "But I'm close. Extremis is practically stabilized—"
Pepper's mouth hangs open just slightly and then she blinks. "Your boss works for the Mandarin, you think? But Tony says you're a botanist—"
. He's also pretty fucking dead, remember?"
Steve frowns at Tony swallowing nervously next to him. Something’s off.
“So what are you gonna do?” Pepper asks.
’—are you kidding me? What, because you didn’t die? D’you think I’m an idiot?” Rhodes says, clearly upset. “The desert changed you, Tony. Don’t stand there pretending that it didn’t. You know I know you better than that. Hell, I know all this shit better than that. You have no idea how many people I’ve seen go and come back broken,” he says and Steve feels like he’s part of a too personal conversation, but doesn’t know where to go, so he just stands still and looks down at the floor.
“You really are something, aren’t you?” he says but Rhodey’s too caught up in himself to care.
The Captain takes a step and goes: “I'm sure if he still made weapons, Stark would be neck deep—”
“That was really fucking close,” Allen says, but he sounds like he was full of adrenaline, too. “You know he could’ve killed you, right? Like, are you aware of that?”
“Hey yourself,” Rhodey replies, patting him on the arm.
Tony bites his lower lip and looks behind Pepper’s back at nothing. “So, essentially, you’re telling me to ignore this?” Tony asks.
were damn high.
"So, what does he want?" Fury asks.
come, to be more precise?" Rhodey asks, trying to be funny.
“I told you, I’m fine,” Tony says. “Rhodey,” he calls, turning to him. “I’m alright, I just— I need to get out of here, now,” he adds, his hand trembling.
“It's good to meet you, Dr. Banner,” Tony says, shaking the man’s hand. “You're work on antielectron collisions is unparalleled. And I'm a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster,” he adds.
He knew Tony would tell him if and when it’s necessary.
Being around Sam just makes life easier, it would seem.
did he see Howard that way.
Fury hums on his end. "Natasha with Barton, for example," he mutters.
One of the soldiers throws the doctor to the ground with one swift push, breaks his spine, takes his life. He can’t help but wish it’d been him instead.
“Pull up a chair!” Tony tells him, waving a hand. Rhodey takes a few steps closer, his frown deeper. “You missed all the fun,” he adds.
An explosion goes off like something ticking in his mind.
"Tony—" Steve starts saying, a tired tone in his voice.
But before he can notice, one of the leaders appears at Steve’s back and Tony doesn’t even get time to blink before the alien drives his spear through Steve’s chest.
Bruce looks back at Clint lying on the table before giving Natasha a tiny smile, but his eyes aren’t conveying happiness. “You know, sometimes exactly what I want to hear isn't exactly what I want to hear,” he says, with a bitter laugh.
“That sounds like a whole different battle,” Rhodey says, gaining a little of his good mood.
The Bucky he might never be again.
“Captain,” Barton calls, after walking to the other side of the door. Steve looks at him and nods. “Doctor, Stark,” he addresses them both. “Let’s hope we never have to be assembled again,” he adds, with dry humor before he gets inside his car.
He saves him and he stares at him breathing and he feels a tug on his heart and he can't tell if it's good or bad. Maybe it's both.
"A safe house".
"That you're not the problem," Clint says and shuts him up again. "That this whole 'being out of sync' thing is not because you two are terrible for each other. You just— have to get it out of your system," he explains, and actually gives him a sympathetic smile.
He catches the shield without a significant effort and stares into the face of his chaser, looking back to him with a scared surprise on his blue eyes.
“You speak of control, yet you court chaos,” Thor says.
One of the suits charges at her but she moves quickly to dodge it just in time. "Jarvis, subject at my 12 o'clock is not a target. Disengage!" Tony commands but then he realizes his earpiece isn't in his ear.
“I am completely misreading this whole exchange, aren’t I?” he asks, rubbing his temple. Rhodey opens and closes his mouth; completely lost on ideas about what to say. “You know what? I’m just –gonna walk out, forget this ever happened—” Álvarez starts to say, embarrassed, putting down his drink and making his way to go but Rhodey stops him on the spot, a clumsy hand clinging to his.
He walks with Tony in a jeans and an MIT dark-gray sweater beside him all the way to the café he has frequented over that last few weeks. Tony has the hoodie covering his head but that's about it, they don't get spotted.
Steve jolts awake, squeezing Tony's hand on his neck. Hard. It makes Tony jump a little. "You could have— saved us," he chokes, blood spitting out of his teeth.
“Yes, I believe it is good,” Miss Potts says.
The man walks around Tony, opening his hands, talking in the language Tony doesn’t dare to name and waits for the old man to repeat in English. “He says they have everything you need to build a Jericho missile. He wants you to make the list of materials — He says for you to start working immediately, and when you're done, he will set you free,” the old man explains.
"We have one problem now, then," Tony says.
As he flies through broken walls and dust and smoke, Tony directs the armor to attach to Pepper's body, protecting her from the impact while he hits the wall hard.
"That's a Stark Industries credential. And it has all my data so it about gives you unlimited access to anything here," Tony explains. "Go find your mom and then you can wander around here. I'll come to meet you guys in a second, deal?"
“She’s on the main floor,” Jarvis says before the elevator springs open, showing multiple men in jumpsuits and tight and dirty white shirts and ok, pornos made this look
Tony stops his hand mid-air and turns to frown at the Doctor.
“How many SHIELD agents did you give the finger to?” Tony asks.
Steve does half a shake of his head. "He's not exactly hiding," he says and shows Thor the tab.
He finds him quickly the second time. Stands in front of him and his target and doesn't blink when the man looks back at him with shiny eyes. Like he means the world to him.
When the doors slide open, he faces what he’s absolutely certain is Tony’s lab in the Tower. It’s a wide room, with machinery and tools and blueprints and computer screens all over.
Blood and sweat and mint and booze; it’s exactly how he thought being with Tony would taste like.
So this was the top big mission they were asking of him?
“Hey, Tony!” he greets, he has a slightly ‘crazy fan’ look going on but he’s not touching him, which is good, Tony’s had really bad experiences. “Wow,” he goes as soon as his eyes land on Maya. “Aldrich Killian. I am a big fan of your work,” he says, shaking her hand.
“Weird how?” Rhodey asks, still confused.
“Tones, I understand, but you need to let them check you out, alright? Make sure everything’s good,” Rhodey explains.
He knows the doctor wants to end the fight before it starts, too.
“This is the next thing, Tony,” Helen addresses him. “Your clunky metal suits are gonna be left in the dust,” she says, looking from her tab.
“If you brought him to my lab, the Regeneration Cradle could do this in 20 minutes,” Tony hears Dr. Cho say.
“He made it personal,” Tony blurts, thinking out loud.
So Bucky grabs his forearm and keeps him in place, and he can hear the man far in his back shift and say into the man's ear: "I have a clear shot."
are my family, Anthony,” Jarvis says, putting a hand on his face.
“What the hell?” he whispers, his eyes wide open. “What just happened?” Tony asks, his eyes moving from Thor to Steve. “Please tell me nobody kissed me?” he adds and Steve actually cracks a laugh; an all warm, breathy, fuzzy laugh because they all almost just died –specially Tony—and there he was, cracking funny lines like nothing.
Tony just moves one shoulder up. “Look, I have the time and the resources. It’s nothing. We saved the world, the least we deserve is getting a place that’s perfectly made for each of us. Plus I get to have fun with my interior design awakening,” he adds, joking to make the air lighter and Steve concedes with a huff. “So? You like it? You know, I’ve had to base most of the stuff here on Google searches for you? Google is–,”
“—Have you checked the telomerized algorithm?” Tony wonders.
“You are constitutionally incapable of being responsible,” Rhodey deadpans.
"I just— I just don't understand why he would try to kill Cap. He was his best friend— hell, his brother for all we know," Rhodey says, gathering what he learned on the brief exhibit.
"I'm gonna head to Washington and warn them about all this. I need to alert the President on those nuke codes and make them go manual while we clear this out," Rhodey explains.
Tony's sitting on the carpeted floor, his back to the couch Steve's sitting on. Steve can smell his shampoo if he moves his chin just a little forward.
He’ll force himself to keep going back to his past then.
"What happened?" Tony asks and Steve walks past him and sits on the floor, hugging his legs.
“Trading cards?” Steve asks him, a small smile and Coulson stares at him for a bit, in on it.
"I'm sorry," Pepper says, as she makes her way down the stairs. "With everything that's happening, I didn't know we were expecting guests," she adds, her voice polite, formal.
And also guilty for still not having called Steve yet.
Pierce sits in silence for a long second before he goes, "Oh, Renata," he laments, turning to grab the gun on the table. "I wish you would have knocked," he adds, shooting the woman without remorse.
Steve looks down at his lap and smiles. "Ok, then," he says and gets up, glass in hand. "In the '40s—"
Clint shrugs. “Thin walls, man,” he says.
“I think Loki's trying to wind us up. This is a man who means to start a war, and if we don't stay focused, he'll succeed,” he tells them, his volume high. “We have orders, we should follow them.”
"I almost started to fear you got abducted," Steve comments when he sees Tony come back, wearing a dark-blue robe, lube and condoms in his hands.
“Just— wait. Hey, Doctor Cho?” Tony says into the camera of his phone, his shiny Tony Stark brand smile on.
Rhodey looks around them and they move closer to each other on their spots at the table. “It's classified information, Tony,” he says but Tony doesn’t even blink. Rhodey takes a breath before he says: “Okay, there have been nine bombings.”
He takes the blow of the harsh question and takes a sip of his water. "Not yet, no," Steve says, after he swallows.
"All right, Sam, duty calls," Steve says, offering his hand for Sam to shake. "Thanks for the run. If that's what you want to call running," he adds, jokingly.
She’s about to say something when Howard comes back, only one handbag in hand. “Do me a favor? Try not to burn the house down before Monday,” he asks.
Tony sips on his water silent and narrows his eyes as he goes: "No, actually that one's true."
Rhodey feels really uncomfortable of the sudden.
Rhodey goes back to giving him one of his brand sphinx looks. "So what? You're saying my soulmate is alien?"
“Barton, what the hell—“ Steve says, his arms open.
His stomach sinks.
“I think that’d be great,” Tony agrees.
Steve’s face twists like he’s pained and Tony realizes that might have come across the wrong way.
“Yes, sir,” JARVIS says as Tony stands from his chair. “Approach vector is locked,” Tony can hear JARVIS inform as he makes his way towards Thor and Cap, staring at the Scepter.
Steve lays back on his chair with a long sigh. "Well, guess I just like to know who I'm fighting," he says.
Howard stands and stares at him, wordless. Tony sees his own eyes in the deep brown of his father’s but he doesn’t drive his eyes away from his glare; won’t give him that. Howard shakes his head after a while, not getting a worthy comeback, giving up.
And now, there she was, all her life lived and all his life to be lived.
His ass isn’t even that great anyways.
He knows he's just picking fights for the sake of it but he has reasons to stay pissed.
"Ultron could be in any system, he could be pulling planes down from the sky. What if he's just doing what he's supposed to?" Hill considers.
Steve's lips are on his and he doesn't have the slightest idea what to do or how to cope and before he even gets enough time to gather his remaining brain cells, goddamned Stevie-boy is pulling back.
“Advanced Idea Mechanics, or AIM for short,” the man says again, pointing out at his shirt, that has the same thing on, with bright blue letters. “Do you get it?”
He goes to grab his shield resting against the couch after he's put on the suit, Tony's at his back. "I'll take Natasha and Clint," he tells him.
He presses his naked body against Tony's quick before he can start second-guessing himself.
"But it's a trick!" Clint yells as he spins some drumsticks. Thor just keeps laughing softly and passes Steve more of that weird-ass drink he's been carrying around.
Steve is another deal.
“We’re just getting started,” reads in arabic with English subtitles under them. There’s a logo with ten circles and blades.
Tony pushes the door of the restaurant and as soon as he’s in he finds Rogers standing in front of him, taking a few steps back quickly so they don’t run into each other.
And Rhodey actually has a younger sister back home, but he’s always wanted a little brother, too. So he dusts off Tony’s knees when he falls —and
“No!” Tony shouts as he jumps upright from the couch, his hand clenched to his chest, right on top of the arc reactor.
Steve rolls his eyes. "That's hilarious," he tells her and then gets inside.
“Following is not really my style,” Tony says, putting blueberries in his mouth.
“So happy you made it before we actually sat down and ate, this time,” Tony says, after he lets go.
"You can touch them if you want," Steve says, trying to be cocky.
“No, not yet,” he answers and Tony sighs, annoyed. “Yes. Of course Miss Gabriel. Goodbye now,” he finishes and closes the antenna of the device. “Tony,” he says, voice serene as he gives Tony a tight hug.
Yeah, he'll even allow himself that analogy.
“Shit, fuck!” Álvarez curses and Rhodey turns the nightstand light on.
“Yo, Jim,” Glenn shouts from the other end of the hallway. Jim turns and waves and watches as his friend runs towards him. “So, did you get it?”
“Your work with the Tesseract is what drew Loki to it, and his allies. It is the signal to all the realms that the Earth is ready for a higher form of war,” Thor tells Fury.
Almost like that's not what he wants.
“I've seen colder,” Tony shoots back. “This one? This very vulnerable blue one, it needs Ultron,” he adds.
Tony just gives Maya a look, eyebrows raised.
“No, Ed, it’s fine. They deserve it, right? I mean, when was the last time Dad took Mom anywhere nice? This is good for them,” he tells him. Jarvis closes his mouth in a thin line, at a loss of words.
Now he was gonna have to walk the earth alone, until he died.
But then he had looked at Tony, guiding an old woman into a bus and then he remembered he had a promise to keep.
"Alright, alright. Listen," Fury says, shaking Allen's hand back. "You can treasure this memory but if you tell anyone I'm not dead, you will be," he says, his face close to Allen's.
Tony wants to slap himself in the face. What a stupid thing to say to your soulmate, who you still haven’t properly talked to about said soulmate status.
“You seem to have forgotten your appointment for today,” Jarvis says, a tired smile on his face. Tony blinks in utter confusion and Rhodey turns back to look at the butler, who adds: “You are supposed to pick out your new assistant at Stark Industries, Sir.”
“You got a soulmate?” Tony inquires.
He turns desperately, and he spots him; another man in the room, shaving his stubble in a tiny glass. Tony seeks to take advantage of his distraction and tries to move, but something tied to his chest doesn't let him. Instead, it announces he's awake.
He’s just been avoiding that conversation for months now.
Rhodey shrugs and lets go of the bottle. "What? Can I be happy we just saved the world and you finally got some?"
“They as in..."
“I'll continue to run variations on the interface,” JARVIS says. “But you should probably prepare for your guests. I'll notify you if there are any developments,” the AI adds.
"Oh, okay," Sam says, laughing a little. "Any time you want to stop by the VA, make me look awesome in front of the girl at the front desk, just let me know," Sam adds as Steve makes his way over the sidewalk.
“I am. Wanna know why?” the man asks and then he leans into his ear and he stiffens at the warmth radiating from him.
"No, don't do that," Steve interrupts him, raising an open palm at him. "Don't box me in with the rest of them," he says, pointing to the side. Then he takes a step closer to him, just like he did moments ago. "It's you and me right now— you didn't think I would understand?" Steve asks, his eyes between soft and sharp.
Rhodey gets to his room with fervent anger on his chest. He opens the door and throws it behind him, Álvarez is reading an Emergency Procedures guideline.
All there is, is work.
"Wow," Rhodey lets the file drop on his desk with his eyes widened.
"What dialect?" Steve asks.
The women fall quiet around him and Tony almost wants to smile. "I'm Pepper, by the way," Pepper adds, after she's done losing herself in the brown of Maya's eyes.
"— Yep!" Pepper interrupts. "Immediately and indefinitely!"
“Sir, Agent Coulson of SHIELD is on the line,” JARVIS shares.
*pretends like I wasn't gone for ages* Hello, people, I hope everything's good. A few things to note about this one:
"You think you can find him before they do?" Steve asks as Sam goes into the elevator.
Well, he kind of is.
“Trading Cards?” Steve wonders, a little amused.
He’s shorter than him but he stands like he’s tall. His feet parted, his back straight, his chin up.
"Yeah, I'll give her a kick," Tony tells her, then he turns to Steve and nods, but not because he agrees, but because he's daring him.
“That’s just cruel.
Gay people couldn’t serve; homosexual conduct ‘can threaten the lives, including the physical and psychological well-being’ of other fellow servicemen and women. They weren’t
“—Took three Spanish classes a couple of years ago,” Rhodey says, then his eyes catch something interesting. “Oh, it says here you’ve engaged in work with private think-tank projects in the past,” he trails.
“Asshole!” someone yells at him when he misses the red light and keeps driving ahead. His heart racing, his mind in near state of shock.
Pepper parks her car after having the most awkward business meeting she’s had in years; her time as Tony’s assistant included.
