surprised though when Steve goes for the whole backseat make out thing with gusto. Tony is definitely oh so very on board with this chain of events. They only break apart when Happy whistles. Steve jerks his hands away from Tony's thighs as if he's been caught with his hand in the proverbial cookie jar.
It takes him a moment to realize Tony is talking, wrapped up as he is in that safe warm floating space. “Thank you darling, good. You just hold tight while I get ready for you,” Tony speaks against his temple, ruffling the short blond hairs there. He's shifting around a moment later, but Steve doesn't have long to miss him before he's back laying atop him, almost as if he knows how much Steve wants him there. He lavishes kisses over Steve's face, bracing one arm on the pillows by Steve's shoulder. His other hand is somewhere else, and when Tony makes a soft sound, just a puff of breath outwards, Steve looks down and sees it moving beneath Tony's robe.
“Aw thanks, Tony, means a lot, coming from such a snappy dresser.”  He meant it too, Tony always looked so good, even coming off engineering binges with his hair a riot of curls and a smudge of grease on his face.
His contemplation was broken up by the raucous singing of a group of betas leaning on each other as they walked.  He could smell that they weren’t alphas or omegas, several of them wore gloves, one of them was conspicuously missing one.  Steve wondered if they knew where they were, this wasn’t exactly the best place to be drifting around all in a sozzled stupor.  Especially not with the fine jewelry they all had adorning their fingers.
, burrowing close and letting Steve wrap him up tight, balling his fists in the soft warm fabric covering Steve's chest. He bends his knees, curling up to get as much contact between the two of them as possible, and Steve, sweet, wonderful Steve, just holds him without comment. Tired, he's so tired, and Steve is right there, not going anywhere. He fades in and out of sleep after that, cradled close to warmth and the safest he's felt in years.
Back at the mansion his confidence wavered.  He sat on his overly luxurious bed, holding the little box with the cufflinks in it.  What had he been thinking?  Here he was, in a massive mansion belonging to a man he intended to court with
He doesn't know how long he holds off, time spools out meaninglessly, all that he can focus on is Tony's voice, the feel of him, the spicy scent of him where his face is pressed. His own breathing sounds loud and wrecked to his ears. Tony is growing louder though, his noises breathier, his body winding tighter and tighter, until finally he curls his fingers in Steve's hair once more, dragging his head up to slant their mouths together in a deep open mouthed kiss. His knees press bruisingly tight against Steve's sides, and then he's crying out, his body clenching and pulsing around Steve's cock, spilling hot and wet between their bodies, striping Steve's stomach; some of it even getting on Steve's chest. It's everything he wanted, Tony's expression blown open and raw with pleasure when Steve pulls back from the kiss to watch him as the last of his orgasm rolls through his body.
“The question is, what do you want.  Why did you chase those two men?  They surely could have killed you had it gone wrong.  Were you hoping for a reward, here, have this.”  The man reached in his pocket to draw out a crisp twenty dollar bill.  Steve felt anger flare hot and bright once more.
“So, no coffee yet, or you haven't gotten the chance to go to bed?” Steve asks over the comms, tossing his shield to take out a row of bots. Tony grunts, laying down cover fire so Widow can back-flip across the ground towards Doom's monologueing figure.
They're gone for far too long, the tower is quiet, and just a little bit cold. Tony knows he could ask JARVIS to raise the temperature, but there's a steaming mug of hot cocoa on his nightstand-compliments of his ghostly metal armed housemate-and a big fluffy blanket calling his name. He feels a strange sense of nostalgia for something he can't remember when he wraps the thick down quilt around his shoulders and peers out into the hallway. Maybe it's because he's peripherally aware that he's not supposed to be leaving his room-something that feels a little like the illicit thrill of getting one over on parents he doesn't remember. He's so
Steve had been with other alphas before, he knew his cock was too big for it to be really all that comfortable for another alpha.  Back in the war there were several he’d spent the night with, and more often than not when he’d dropped his trousers, he was met with trepidation from his alpha partners, and most of the betas as well.  So he’d bottomed, and it had been good, it had been great, truth be told.  He liked it, the feeling of something inside him, hand on his hips, or his shoulders, anything, the way his partners talked to him, praised him.  It wasn’t always the easiest thing, but he could take it, he would take it for Tony, God he’d give it up the best Tony had ever had.
Steve groaned, shoved a hand beneath the waistband of his pants.  It was probably wrong to think of Tony that way, but God it was the first time he’d felt pleasure since coming out of the ice.  He wouldn’t bother Tony with it, he
“Steve-” He tries again, not even sure if he'll have anything of substance to say, and Steve just sits back to kiss over his forehead, over his eyelids when they flutter shut, and he just can't with that. It's too sweet, too open and vulnerable, Steve is hugging him again, pulling him in tight, cradling the back of his skull when Tony rests his head against his shoulder.
“No, no training, just wanna skate. Used to do it as a kid when 'Ma could afford it, and-” He concedes. “when I didn't have pneumonia or something else nasty keeping me in bed.”
“Fuck, Tony, you...did you really?” Steve groans out, moving away just enough to start dragging Tony's pants down his legs. Tony seems to understand immediately, kicking off his shoes, and shimmying around to help. Steve stops however once he has the fabric half way down Tony's thighs.
“Tony-”  He laughs, reaching out to rub his palms over the silky fabric just barely covering Tony's hips. “Yes.  I, okay yes, I would like to do that. I don't want to hurt you though. I want it to be good.”
Steve is just getting back to the tower after a grocery run when JARVIS clears his throat. Steve pauses in putting away enough boxes of dried pasta to feed an army, suddenly acutely aware that the kitchen is empty. The kitchen is
Kisses on the cheek are joined by lingering touches. Tony again seems a bit confused, but he also seems to relish the contact. Steve's hugs are always returned; Tony turning into the affection and warmth like a flower to the sun.
“Staring awfully hard there darling.” Tony murmurs, the flickering of his lashes, and the sliver of brown beneath them the only sign he's awake. Steve's flush deepens slightly, having been caught staring, but he's allowed to look now isn't he?
“He has a chip on his shoulder you can see from space.  He got jealous because I brought you muffins one time.” Jan says, somewhat lightly, but the anger on her face is plain to see.
“Nah that would be me.” Steve says, leaning down to kiss Tony some more because he gets to, and he wants to.
“Hey,”  he said, gathering his courage as five pairs of eyes turned to fix on him, “you guys live around here?”
“What. This is, strong, would knock me right on my ass.” Iron man sounds more than a little horrified.
When he wakes the next time his ears are still ringing. Bright fluorescent lights go by above him like the white lines on a road. Someone is clasping his hand, holding it as the gurney he's on rolls through hallways. The grip on his fingers is strong and sure despite the size, and Tony looks up to see the hand belongs to a woman with a bright mass of wavy scarlet hair. Strange, he doesn't think black leather catsuits are standard hospital attire. At his other side the blond with the face of a sculpture and the body to match is keeping up with the running medical staff effortlessly. Behind them a woman in a perfectly polished business suit is keeping pace despite her towering heels. Tony doesn't know her, but he feels an intense feeling of comfort seeing her there.
“Will do Cap, and thanks. The food was really good, amazing even, two thumbs way up.” It's obvious Steve doesn't get the reference, but he understands the gist of it nonetheless, ducking his head and smiling at Tony in a way that should make tony think 'aw shucks' but because it's Steve, he just kind of wants his head between his thighs. Tony would very much like to hit his overactive imagination and libido with a brick.
“Don't. Do not apologize for that Cap.” Iron Man says with a firm gentleness Steve doesn't know that he's earned.  Steve's eyebrows raise at the nickname though, but he doesn't mind it. It's nice, as if maybe they could be friends.  “I have them too.” Iron Man says quietly. He's not looking at Steve anymore. Metal fingers tap out an uneven rhythm on the bedsheets. A nervous gesture Iron Man seems to catch, his shoulders bunch up slighty, and he clears his throat. Steve appreciates the show of humanity, and he wouldn't call a fella out on being nervous anyway.  “It doesn't make you any less strong, or whatever you've got pinging around in that brain of yours.” Iron Man sounds so certain, he wishes he could believe him.  Steve swallows again convulsively, short nails digging into his own skin as if that will force this all to make more sense.  “Without you I don't know that this team would even exist. You're one of the greatest heroes to ever live, we all want to be like you. ” Iron man continues with a note of wistfulness in his modulated voice.
When Steve steps out into the bright light of the lab with his uniform on Tony stares, eyes raking over his body assesingly first, but then greedily for a second pass. Steve might pose a little.
being driven, letting Happy actually do his job had been a concession to appearances. Only knowing that they're taking a different route than the one used to get to the gala allows him to keep his very shaky calm. He takes a long sip of his drink to try and keep the nausea at bay.
“Steve, I'm- yes, yours, all yours big guy.” Tony chokes out about as smoothly as a gravel road. Steve feels affection twist in his chest, warm and rising like a tide, and just as inescapable. He leans in, releasing Tony's face to thread his fingers through Tony's hair. He just rests his hand there for a moment, petting the soft strands, before curving his hand around the back of Tony's neck to sweep him into a kiss. It's soft at first, careful, but grows deeper as one kiss melds into another, and another more. Tony gasps, trembling against him and throwing an arm around his shoulders. The bag of peas thumps onto the ground, but neither of them cares; too caught up in each other to care about anything but the press of their mouths together. He slips his hand beneath the untucked tail of Tony's shirt, rubbing over the warm smooth skin of his lower back. Tony melts against him, fisting a hand in Steve's pajamas as if to try and bring him closer.
“I believe-” Thor starts slowly, casting his gaze around the clearing. “this was a test, but it seems to be particularly interested in
In this position, he can't pull all the way out, but it's perfect. He can grind himself inside Tony, press along the spots inside him that must be tender now from when Steve was inside him before. He thinks maybe that's why Tony chose it, and it's so gratifying to feel the way Tony's body flutters around him with each thrust, to hear him sigh and moan, and urge him on.
“Too far apart.” Hulk grumbles. “Looks weird.” Tony just blinks, shaking his head and laughing a little disbelievingly. He doesn't protest however when Steve scoots closer and carefully lays an arm around his shoulders.
“I can't believe he got him to eat breakfast and it wasn't a smoothie.” Pepper says under her breath so quietly that without super-hearing Steve would have missed it. She seemingly shakes herself though, flipping open one of her files and clearing her throat to start listing off appointments and obligations as if she never stopped.
“Uh, Tony, Tony I'm just helping you get to bed okay?” A sleepy confused sound meets his coaxing words. The arm Tony has wrapped around himself tightens reflexively, and Steve reaches out to touch his shoulder, only to draw back when a flinch meets his touch.
“You’re coming back with us to the mansion, Captain, Tony will have a room for you.”  She was speaking so calmly, gently, the way one might speak to a scared civilian, and Steve realized he was breathing far too quickly for someone just sitting down.  He took a deeper breath, reached within himself to find some equilibrium, something that would calm his pounding heart.  “Unless of course, you have somewhere else you would rather go?” The car slid into reverse just as Iron Man took off in a streak of red and gold.  Steve watched him go until he disappeared behind a towering building in the distance.
an Avenger, and he got out of Afghanistan by putting a reactor in his chest and burning a swath of destruction through the desert. Tony's tenacity is one of the many things on the long list of reasons as to why he loves him-not to mention the whole 'kidnapping is morally abhorrent' aspect of the suggestion.
After that, Steve began attending the gym whenever he could squeeze in the time.  Between school, and work, and his bouts of illness it wasn’t much, but the next time he got into a scrap, he left the other guy looking worse off than himself.  Lorenzo still tutted over him the next time he’d seen him, and insisted Steve come over for dinner after he taught him how to block.  An invitation Steve had very nearly declined, but finally agreed to when Lorenzo admitted that he and Mia missed having a young alpha in the house to feed.  Back at their apartment Mia hugged him after an effusive greeting, and the feeling of her warm arms around him, the way she ushered him into a chair and ruffled his hair, it had reminded him of Sarah.  She and Lorenzo had bickered good naturedly while cooking together, not allowing him to assist in any sort of way, and Steve had gone home that evening full of food and warmth for the first time since Sarah had passed away.
“JARVIS? I'm sorry. I don't mean any harm, just looks uncomfortable.” There's a silence as if the AI is considering his intentions, and then he speaks again.
“Tony is a complicated guy. I've known him for years, and even then he still throws me for a loop sometimes.” Rhodes grabs a beanbag from a giant pile of them in a recessed portion of the floor. Steve would be more interested in this heretofore unknown room, but he's a little busy having a crisis at the moment.
“Tony, Tony, hang on-” The rest of what the tall red haired woman says is lost on him as he loses himself to the dark once more.
There's several messages from Steve too; questions about tech Tony strongly suspects are just an excuse to send a message, reminders that Steve really wants to see him soon, and then a blurry picture of Steve looking hangdog with the caption '
“Thank you, Captain Rogers, Master Tony informed me you might be in the need of a pick me up.  I have made you what I make him when he is feeling under the weather.  There are extra cups, and fresh tea, should you find it not to your liking.”  He rolled the tray right up to the bed, almost as if he knew Steve was in no shape to get up, plucked the full mug from the tray, and passed it into Steve’s hands.  The cup was so warm, it smelled like chamomile and honey.  Steve curled his hand around the mug, tucking it against his chest.
All that knowledge, and he has no idea how he got here. It's safe here though, Tony trusts in that without a doubt. A strong feeling of
“That’s because you’re sweet, and generous.” It was true too, he’d never met someone like Tony.  Someone so dedicated to making sure everyone around them was taken care of. Even the little things they might not have thought of themselves. Like the heated floors in Steve’s room, or the special groceries for each Avenger delivered every week.  He knew omegas were said to want to provide comfort and a sense of peace, but Tony really went above and beyond.
“Yeah you're my partner. You call me Winghead, remember.” Captain America impersonator is looking increasingly concerned.
“Captain America cannot tell a lie, I think I saw a poster like that somewhere.” Tony’s voice sounded a little wobbly, but he sat back, and Steve let him put a small amount of distance between the two of them. No matter how much he wanted to keep Tony right where he’d been. Holding Tony like he had been, he realized it was an incredibly intimate way to go about it, with his hand on his neck and all, the way he'd been squeezing, even if it was gentle, but Tony had let him. Steve felt something hopeful and tenuous bloom within himself, even as he doggedly resolved to ignore it.
“You shoulda stayed in school.” Steve said, crouching down by one of the youngest looking of Zemo’s men. “Read some books, I don’t want to see any of you ever again.” The henchman said nothing, Steve expected no less.
The first few times their paths crossed, Steve had given his all to kill Schmidt, but he was like a cockroach, slipping through Steve’s fingers every time he’d thought they had him.  He and Bucky and the Invaders ran missions between their confrontations with Redskull, but he was always at the back of Steve’s mind.  Finding the camps had only made that fury greater.  Bucky cried for days after the first one, the sight of so much human suffering, and the very idea that people could be that cruel to each other had shaken them all to their core.  Of course Steve’s top secret security clearance meant he had been briefed on them, but seeing them in person made it more real, more horrifying than any clinically printed packet ever could have.  There had been alpha soldiers patrolling the camps, that in itself made Steve retch when he thought about it.  How could they?  How could they have done such a thing?  Alphas were protectors, warriors, not torturers of the innocent.
For the first few days out of the hospital Tony sleeps. He sleeps like he can't remember ever sleeping. Of course he really can't remember much-but his body tells him what his mind can't. He's exhausted, it's a constant thing lurking about the corners of his consciousness. He has a pretty strong suspicion that sleep deprivation is something he has been dealing with for months, maybe even years.
“Yeah, that's right, cause I'm sweet on you.” Steve says, completely unabashed. Tony just can't with this man, it's so sweet, and dorky, and unrehearsed. He starts laughing, dropping his head down onto Steve's warm chest. Beneath him Steve is laughing too, but they both go quiet when Steve sweeps the hand not currently wrapped around his tie down Tony's back. He's not sure which of them sucked in a sharp breath, but the mood changes between them. The levity is still present, but there's an awareness there; in the way Steve's eyes are fixed on his lips, in the press of strong fingers just against the small of his back.
this?” There's a part of him that wishes Steve was easy to figure out, that wishes taking one look at Steve didn't fill him with the desperate sort of longing he thought had been left behind before college, before Sunset.
He never does tell anyone quite how acute his senses have become, after all being in close quarters with soldiers-they do things at night he figures are not polite to discuss in the light of day. The comfort from knowing his men are safe and healthy is still there though. He tucks that security behind his chest, holds it close to his own heart.
“Why Cap, how lewd, I never would have thought.”  Tony throws a hand over his face in a pantomime of a swoon.
“Wow you're...” Tony shifts away, visibly pulling himself together. Steve feels his mood take a sharp nosedive.
With a sigh of resignation he pulls the covers up, tucking them around Tony and pressing a comforting hand to his shoulder. Backtracking to the sitting room he gathers up the tablets left there to bring them into Tony's room. No telling what sort of confidential stuff is on those things.
He hits the robot with everything in him. If Steve had been faster, if he had been stronger-his self flagellating train of thought is interrupted as Iron Man drags himself to his feet. Steve sees him out of the corner of his eye as he works at tearing the bots head off with his bare hands.
“Tony, please-” He gasps, pressing his heels into the mattress, clutching at the covers as Tony swallows him down almost to the base. Tony's breath fans out over Steve's abdomen, and when he looks down the flushed length of his body, Tony is looking right back at him, eyes focused and intent. When he notes he's being watched, he deliberately swallows around Steve's cock. It feels incredible, all that wet heat, the look of Tony's mouth stretched obscenely wide around him. Steve moans, feeling overwhelmed, so good already, just with Tony's mouth on him like this. Tony's hands aren't idle either. They stroke over his thighs, scratch blunt nails down his stomach leaving goosebumps in their wake, and finally slip between his legs to spread them out further. Steve can feel himself panting harder, going hotter, but he spreads his legs wide for Tony, clutching at the sheets to keep from sinking his fingers into the damp tousle of Tony's hair. “Gonna come if you, if you keep that up.” He manages to get out, his voice sounds strained, feels as if it's coming from far away. Tony pauses though, slipping off of his cock and licking his lips, blue eyes fixed on Steve's face.
Their lips are so close that their breath mingles. Tony's eyes have fallen shut, lashes casting dark sooty shadows over the sharp cut of his cheekbones. It's too much to resist, or it would be if his Avenger's Communicator hadn't picked that very moment to start singing a swan song for their moment.
Steve's bike is in the section of the garage with the Avengers' various methods of transportation. Tony thinks the ramp covered in Captain America shields is understated by his standards. Steve thought it was a bit much, but Tony still loves it. The bike itself is gorgeous, vintage but kitted out with all the bells and whistles Tony could come up with-which is to say a whole lot of them. Tony presses a few buttons on the armor bracelets wrapped around his wrists. Iron Man won't be joining them but that doesn't mean Tony won't have the armor shadow them from high above.
Tony sighs, leaning his face into Steve's hand, reaching up to place one of his own over Steve's, encouraging the touch wordlessly.  “Yeah, didn't bother you then?”
“I um. Watching you was, it was just so good Tony, I-ah. You won't have to reciprocate.” Steve murmurs, his entire face is a lovely shade of tomato red. Oh.
he used to be. Being Iron Man, living in a mansion full of people that for some reason seem to actually
“It, It is?” Steve sounds so worried, so hesitant as he turns to look at Tony. The expression on his face is full of fear, as if Steve believes he's done something wrong, Tony just wants to kiss him again.
“I love you, I love your tech, I love the way you mutter to yourself and you don't seem to notice you're doing it. I love when you fall asleep on me, I love the way your mind works even if I don't have a snowball's chance in hell of understanding how it works, how
That doesn't stop the stuttering moan from breaking forth from his lips when Tony rocks a bit atop him, squeezing tight, almost painfully tight around his cock. “Tony, Tony, oh please-”
“What do you think ma’, I’ve been learning how to make bracelets, do you think Russell would like one?”  He asked, more to himself than Sarah, but to his surprise, her weak, rasping voice answered back.
“Yes of course, anything. Anything you want.” Steve says, tucking his card back into his pocket.  Tony sighs.
“Get in the quinjet Hawkeye, we can gossip later.” She signs something at him and he staggers back in mock pain. Steve blinks and files that tidbit of information away, as he does all noteworthy things about teammates, would be, or otherwise.
The rest of the week passes slowly, Tony leaves for a symposium on technology in Cairo and has to reschedule their date for the following Saturday. The other Avengers accuse him of moping, but Steve knows Tony is an incredibly busy man. He still misses him though. No word of Tiberius Stone arrives, and a part of Steve is relieved, another part is even more concerned. With neither hide nor hair of the man turning up it's impossible to know what he's planning, and how to prepare for that plan. It leaves Steve unsettled and agitated, especially with Tony gone and away from the team.  Sure, Iron Man is with him, but that's not really as comforting as it could be, given well, everything.
“You feel really awake, like you could take on the world?”  She sounded as if she already knew the answer to that question, but had to ask it anyway.  Like Mrs. Carmichael when she asked if anyone had done the homework after Halloween.
A high whining sound broke through his contemplation.  Iron Man could fly, apparently, and blast some kind of force with his hands no less.  Steve clambered up onto the deck and joined the fray.  And what a fray it was.  Lightning crackled high in the sky, illuminating Thor where he floated above the waves, and if he’d thought the giant was big when he’d tackled him in the submarine, he was absolutely massive now; wading through the water like an icebreaker barge through the arctic.  All around Namor, Wasp flew, firing off blasts and sparking lights, she was quite the sight, as were the pair of acrobats he had not yet met; a woman with flaming red hair, and an archer in a distracting amount of purple doing his best Errol Flynn impression.  Steve wasn’t quite sure what help he could be, but he readied his shield and let it fly.
“I do, I want it, but you're worried, I know, about being yourself.”  Tony says affectionately, draping his arms over Steve's shoulders and leaning in to buss his cheek with a kiss.  “You worry about your strength I know, so just let me take care of you, darling, let me do all the work. I want to.  You know how I love
“Your soulmate, I know you have one-what does it feel like to you, love?” Tony asks sometime later, watching Rhodey’s expression shift, stars reflected in his dark eyes. They’re sitting on the roof of the mansion in New York. It’s empty and hollow, Tony doesn’t want to go back inside. Somewhere in the kitchen his shattered cup lies there, pieces jagged and broken apart. Tony can’t think of that now.
“No. Tis not dead, only banished. I fear it will appear again. Someone or something brought it to Midgard for a purpose, and they will likely summon it again.” It's rare to see Thor with such a grave expression, but grave it is. “ 'Tis a dangerous thing to summon the Níðhöggr, it obeys only as it wishes. Many have thought to bend it to their will, but they were all of them fools. They who brought it here will try again.” Iron Man straightens up, taking his weight off of Steve's shoulder.
“Cap. Steve.” Iron Man says quietly, worry evident through the voice modulation. “What would happen if you needed surgical intervention, how much pain are you in right now?” Steve just looks away, the answer will only upset Iron Man further, he knows it. His silence seems to get the message across well enough anyway, if the lurid and creative cursing that follows is anything to go by. Steve smiles despite the growing discomfort radiating up his arm.
Tony flinches but presses on, cutting him off with a sharp shake of his head. “This isn't up to you, this is my monster, my problem Steve. Ty is targeting all of you, targeting everything because of me, because I have something he wants.”
“Very good sir.” JARVIS says without missing a beat. The phone rings twice before Rhodey's face comes into view. He's laying in a hotel bed, face smashed into the pillow, but he jerks into a sitting position when he sees the look on Tony's face.
They stand like that, soaking each other in until JARVIS carefully informs Tony that his meeting is not so distant any longer. Both of them go down to the kitchen, so Tony can inhale his customary tankard of coffee, and Steve can eat his buffet's worth of food. All of the Avengers are there when they arrive. Clint takes one look at them and starts swearing-stomping off in a huff. Tony watches him go, lips curved upwards in a smile.
somewhere outside a lab setting?” Tony's eyebrows are waggling, his hands slipping up Steve's chest to rub at the firm muscle there. Steve fixes him with a supremely unimpressed stare.
“J-Jurvisss” He slurs, dragging his hand out from beneath warm layers of sweatshirt and gingerly rolling himself over. A bad decision, if the pain it knocks through his bruised ribs is anything to go by.
“It really doesn’t hurt?  Honey, you can tell me the truth if it does.”  She said quietly, but there was something knowing in her eyes.
“Did you bring Captain America on our date?”  Roy said, his voice had gone alarmingly high, like a rat in a trap, or maybe a weasel.  Tony rested his head on Steve’s shoulder and smiled over at Roy in a good approximation of a shark.
“Nat told us about the tie clip,” says Steve, drawing him close with a firm but gentle hold on his elbows.  "If that jacked up weasel is involved with that dragon business, we need to know. And you shouldn't have to talk to him alone."
?  The pictures, God, the pictures had left him weak and shaking for hours.  In a way he was glad he slept through that atrocity, had he been awake, there’s no telling what he would have done. Now I am become death, indeed, he thought, as he picked the book up and finished it, even though it made tears stream down his face.  They had won the war alright, but at what a cost, another generation of omegas had been lost as everyone had feared, and countless others too.  Steve wasn’t willing to pay that, not again.  He stayed away from re-enlisting, even if it meant he’d never sleep properly again.
Time passes, he fights battles, completes missions he never could have imagined, and he forgets what his mother told him-forgets to keep the medallion close, passing it off to Howard Stark on the eve of a dangerous mission.
sweetheart.” Steve is kissing him again, clasping him close and Tony just gives himself over to it, sinking into that love and warmth; uncaring of where they are, and the fact that Fury probably just got front row seats to their relationship drama. None of that matters because Steve
He began painting her that night.  The canvas was the largest he could afford, the paints limited by his budget as well.  He painted her as he remembered her, as the smiling, larger than life figure in his life.  The truest model of what an alpha should be, in her brilliant starched white nursing dress.  It took days, but the look on her face when she opened her eyes and saw it was worth the sleepless nights, and the constant paint stains on his fingers.  It was the last time they spoke, the last time he saw her alive.
Some warnings for someone saying some nasty things about Tony's sexual history here, so look out for that if you're sensitive to that kind of assholery.
rubbing against him, hot and aroused; that's almost enough to make things come to a very embarrassing and immediate end. So much for pulling away, he thinks somewhat distantly.
“I'm sorry, kinda got carried away, you're so- and I wanted-” Steve shakes his head, standing abruptly before Tony can say anything more.
“So what are we watching?” He asks, eyes widening slightly when Steve plops himself on the couch and then winds him in close when Tony sits too. Steve lets go of his hands, but throws an arm across his shoulders to pull him close. It's almost as if Steve is afraid that Tony will run off if he stops touching him.
“You're not arrogant.” Steve mutters mulishly. Tony's hand pauses on its way to lifting the glass back to his mouth.
“Sorry. Didn't mean to fall asleep on you like that.” He feels momentarily abashed about passing out during movie night, but Steve shakes his head, scooting around to lay on his back without dislodging Tony. It's a pretty impressive move all in all.
“We can shower together, then sleep. Here.” Steve keeps his tone firm but still gentle.  Tony stares at him, mouth opening and closing.  “Tony. You didn't think I would do something like this with you and just...leave after, did you?” Steve asks carefully.  Tony's silence and slightly wounded expression say everything he needs to know on that front.  “I don't want you to think I'm saying this because we just had sex.”
“JARVIS has been real helpful adjusting, but in the end it's you. It's always you that shows me how the future is full of beautiful wonderful things. But I don't think it would be half as beautiful-” He kisses Tony's hair. “I don't think I could find it so beautiful without you.”
“If that's how everyone found out, then that would have been it.” He resolutely does not look at her, tapping away busily at his phone. Pepper is on the warpath, Hammer should be happy he's safely within SHIELD custody.
“He had...bruises. Lots of 'em. I got to thinking-who could do something like that to a guy like Mister Stark and not have it be news? Listen, he probably wouldn't let you go after 'em, but I'm not employed by Stark Industries. I could go talk to whoever it is.” The way Steve says 'talk' Tony gets the feeling he means 'punch in the face repeatedly', or maybe 'tear their arms of and beat them with said arms'. It's both incredibly sweet and kind of horrifying. Sweet because well, Captain America feeling protective over him is kind of a fantasy. Horrifying, because
“I miss you so much, miss your touch, god I miss touch so much.” Tony babbles one night, half delirious with sleep deprivation. It takes three hours to soothe him into sleeping that night. Desperation begins to set in with force when Tony wakes him one night in a panic. The dimension is becoming unstable. Suddenly their timetable needs to be moved up. Tony is fantastic, a whirlwind of intelligence and unconventional ideas as he always is. He speaks with Jane Foster, and together, the two of them hatch a plan with Sam to bring him back.
“Oh yeah? Because we have your name on a receipt for it, and the credit card records track right back to yous. So you might want to rethink that statement.” Tony says acidly. Behind him Steve shifts, and Hammer's beady little eyes narrow to stare at him.
“Nice place, cozy.” Steve remarks, stopping to take off his boots in the entryway. The floors look sleek and easy to clean, but that doesn't mean he wants to track in the dirt and dust of the day. “So what was the plan?” He asks, not sure what to do with himself now, not sure what Tony wants, just knowing he'll do it. Before the thought would have made him uncomfortable, but being with Tony is good, it's centering, peaceful.
“Definitely a no on the coffee then.  Feeling grumpy Shellhead?” A Tony without coffee is truly a terrifying thing, or a sad thing, depending on whether or not he slept the night before.
going to go back down to the lab to work on the probability engine, but with Steve looking at him so knowingly he knows the jig is up.
The loud blaring of sirens announces the arrival of the police as they all watch Thor consume a tub of dessert almost as big as his head. Steve sighs. It looks like their villain of the week doesn't even rate a SHIELD escort. He'd like to have a word with said police concerning calling them out for ridiculous things, but that's time he would rather spend with Tony. As if in answer to that thought Iron man takes off just as they cart the still struggling and shrieking nuisance into a waiting squad car. If Steve hopes they jostle the guy just a little, well, that's no one's business but his. High in the sky the red and gold armor gleams before disappearing from sight like a comet in a bid against gravity.
“Well if you don't I'm sure he'll be willing to take them off your hands.” Steve says with a nod towards their sometimes jolly green giant.  Hulk grunts to the affirmative, picking Tony up and setting him down next to Steve.
Time passed, and Steve dreamed.  The dreams shifted though, became more real at once.  There was a bed beneath him, it felt real, present, the way nothing had for so long.  The cold was not as breath stealing as it had been before, there was light, warm over his eyelids, and a strange buzzing sound, like tiny wings.  Steve frowned, if there were bugs buzzing around him, that couldn’t bode well.  He went to swing at the buzzing thing, but his limbs were heavy, clumsy as they had been after long weeks bedridden after a bout of pneumonia.
“Rhapsody in Blue, George Gershwin, this came out when I was a kid.” He says, clearing his throat to announce his presence before he speaks.  Tony's hands still on the keys where they had been flying. He turns on the piano bench, expression guilty, and that just won't do.
Evening finds them all sitting outside on the porch, watching the stars pop into view in smatterings of white sparkling light. Tony starts calculating distances between them almost unthinkingly, startling when Steve plops down next to him on the porch swing.
“Here I thought your dance card would be too full for an old fashioned fella like me.” Steve says, pulling Tony closer.  Tony laughs, reaching up to lace his hands behind Steve's neck. The music is plenty loud, but not so much that they can't hear each other talk.
The person his strange new friends were fighting, however, was.  Namor was there, unchanged from the last time Steve saw him, resplendent in his tiny scaled shorts and imperious gaze.
The salad comes together without much fanfare, or at least Tony makes it look easy.  He flits about, rubbing the greens with some concoction while he cooks the pears and pecans with sugar.  When it’s all mixed together in a huge serving bowl Steve can’t help but go over and taste it surreptitiously, while Tony is chopping an onion and sniffling near the sink.  It tastes incredible. Steve has never really been a salad kind of guy, but this is sweet and savory, and perfect.
Behind his eyelids stars burst. A glowing cube held aloft blinks and winks, it feels sinister somehow. Tony knows it, remembers it-drawings on paper, Howard yelling in frustration as it refused to give up its secrets. Tony loves the stars, bright and shining, high above, fascinating to think that their light can reach the earth long after the source has died.
“Gonna go get the cookie dough for Clint, can't disappoint tweety bird by showing up empty handed.” Tony laughs, but it sounds a little wet. He swipes at his eyes with the sleeve of his jacket, waving at Steve when a familiar black Rolls pulls up to the curb.
The villain is a joke. It would be funny if it wasn't so infuriatingly frustrating. Iron Man is standing just off to the side of Steve in the middle of the street. Up high in a building Clint is doing a startlingly obnoxious impression of Woody the Woodpecker. It would be disturbing, but given the looks of their current ne'er do well-it's appropriate.
“Yeah, some quick thinking on his part saved us from a whole lot of property damage. I woulda told him after the debrief, but he jetted off in a jiffy.” Steve drops another kiss on his cheek, smiling down at Tony in that sweet boyish way of his that makes Tony feel slow and stupid. Tony blinks up at him owlishly, fighting down the giant smile threatening to overtake his whole face. Steve thinks he did well! Steve is pleased with Iron Man-Captain America is
you Tony. The apple can't fall far from the tree, and Obie was a damn good tree. Always had a few presents for me if you catch my drift.” Objectively Tony knows Stane could not have been working alone. After the truth came out, Tony had taken great pains to clean out his company, but then he had been dying-poisoned by the very thing keeping him alive-and making sure his employees and his friends were taken care of took precedence. He thinks of Hammer, clinging to the coattails of those smarter, more powerful and richer than himself. A remora feeding on the cast offs of more dangerous sharks-but hanger on or not, the remora still gets places.  “You might be pretending, but we're the same kind of guy, right at the heart of things.” And he's looking at Tony's chest, hand outstretched to touch. There's a moment where all the air seems to leave him, something rising up in Tony like the wave of a destroying cataclysm. He knows in that moment that if Hammer touches him the idiot may not live to regret the act. Tony may play at being a strutting socialite, but he
“There's a lot you don't know about me.” Tony licks his lips, still refusing to meet his eyes. “I'm not. This is...you can't want this. I'm not for you, you don't know what you're asking Steve.” Paper crinkles as Tony hugs the flowers more tightly against his chest. A few petals shake off onto the floor, red by his feet like new blood. “There are parts of me that are ugly, things I've done, things out there that you will find. Things people will say about me, things I
“Did Mister Jarvis make this?  Tastes like it should be served up at some ritzy joint.” It really was good, and the scent of it, the taste of it was starting to make him feel a little slow and sleepy.
“That’s going to be one heck of a bruise, a leanbh, what have I told you about fighting?” She sounded somehow exasperated, proud, and tired all at once.
It's quiet for a little while between them. Steve has a lot on his mind. He's not too distracted however to hear JARVIS' quiet
“Thanks Clint, your next arrows will be purple.” Tony says, raking a hand through his hair and pulling out his phone to tap away at it. Clint stills by the bar, capping the decanter slowly.
“Can't, I'm never patient when it comes to your dick.” Tony laughs out shakily when Steve pinches his hip lightly.
Steve's words in the limo the night of the gala come back to him. Steve doesn't say things he doesn't mean; trolling annoying members of the press notwithstanding. The man's moral fiber is unimpeachable, none of the usual duplicity Tony has come to expect lies hidden and lying in wait for him to let his guard down. Then again-Tony thinks; his hand pressing over the reactor beneath his warm sweater-he's not exactly being completely honest with Steve either, is he?
“Fondling me already, Stark, I’m not that kinda boy.”  Steve laughs, taking both of Tony's hands and leading him over to the car where Happy's holding the door open and looking his namesake. Steve gets in first before reaching out to pull Tony in next to him. Steve seems to have completely abandoned any sense of shame when it comes to manhandling Tony, and Tony couldn't be happier about it. He wonders how easily he could hold him up against a wall. Best not to think of then when he'll likely be in public soon.
Tony's eyes flutter shut, and he takes a deep breath, but then he's pushing at Steve's chest, urging him up only to turn around; tossing the pillow away, and laying down on his stomach.  “Come on then, get your kicks, I've seen you staring at this
“The suit's just a fancy tin can without you in it Shellhead, the pilot makes the plane, and you're an amazing pilot, so I'm gonna say it again. Don't devalue yourself.”
about this before, this is not just a sex thing.” Rhodey goes quiet for a moment, and Tony vibrates with tension in the interim.  “It's not just a sex thing is it? Do not. Do not make that face, I can see you. Stop doing that thing with the eyes and the drooping.” Rhodey sounds fondly exasperated despite himself. Tony has enough experience with Rhodey-speak to know when to press his advantage. Tony hangs his head and puts on an expression he hopes conveys a message of '
For a moment Steve stares down at him uncomprehendingly. His chest is heaving, a tiny bead of sweat making a glittering trail down his forehead.
“So you've said, but I've heard you say that to Rhodes and Pepper before.” Steve points out, if only to see the scandalized expression on Tony's face.
Tony swallows thickly. He knows what Natasha would say, she would probably be shaking him right know if she knew what he was contemplating. “No” He says “pretty sure I know who the delivery boy is, I can handle it.” There's no reason to bring anyone else into this. If it
Their voice trails off as he approaches, and he sees his soulmate there, bright, shining, clearer than he's ever been. His hair is a windswept riot of curls, blowing to and fro as he leans over the railing of the ship. Moonlight spills across his Saint Christopher's medal hanging from the opening of a dark winter coat, and Steve has no idea how his soulmate has found it, but the ocean is rushing in his ears, and Steve knows. He's so close, so close now, he can feel it suddenly, as surely as the tides battering the ship, as surely as the ice encasing him down in the dark. He reaches out, closing his hand around the swaying disk of gold, and his soulmate jerks, eyes wide and round.
“Hey there fella.” He says quietly, when Tony leans up against him, sipping his coffee and watching the team through just barely open eyes. Sleepy morning Tony is truly a sight to behold, Steve smiles when Tony mutters about nanites into his mug; seemingly content to just drink his coffee and slump against him until he catches sight of the pastry on Thor's plate.
Of course there was still the matter of actually finding Zemo. The guy was slipperier than a snake, and was not above hiding out in isolated locales. That was in the forties though, in the forties there was no satellite system up above the Earth. During one of their late night insomnia sessions in the library Tony told him about it. The global satellite system high up above, veritable eyes in the sky. He also knew Tony had many satellites of his own, and they were capable of communicating somehow with multiple others. He wasn’t quite sure of the how, but he remembered where the control room was, and he remembered his access codes.
“Colonel Rhodes-” JARVIS sounds a little exasperated, but entirely resigned. Tony can't wait to meet this guy already.
.” Tony's moan is dirtier than anything he's seen in a blue movie, as is the arch of his spine, the line of his throat, and the bitten redness of his kiss swollen mouth. The light of the arc paints him in blues, reflects off his eyes, catches on the angular highlights of his face. Steve has never seen anyone still clothed look this debauched, he's also never wanted anyone this badly.
He’d been reading up on how to fly the quinjet, and had done it a few times already. Despite all the bells and whistles, it was surprisingly intuitive to fly, and the onboard A.I. didn’t hurt either. After checking he was go for flight, he engaged stealth capabilities, and got the plane out as quietly and quickly as could be managed. It really was quiet too, the whole craft a marvel of modern engineering. It even had auto-pilot, not that he’d let that take over for him, but if he were too injured to fly back on his own, he was sure it would come in handy. He wasn’t sure he fully trusted an A.I. to fly the plane better than he could. Besides, it was comforting in a way, holding onto the controls, looking down at the clouds through the panoramic cockpit windows.
“Someone please at least kick him in the balls this time.” Iron man's modulated voice comes over the comms as Captain Marvel rips the arm from the robot currently engaging her. JARVIS helpfully plays a cheerful little victory ditty over the team line for her in response.
“No it's.” Steve grunts, turning to face Tony. “I like it. When you touch me,” He says, and Tony smiles, wide and sweet, and leans in to kiss him, warm and easy as anything.
The others puzzle him. checking on him constantly, as if they're afraid he will slip through their fingers like smoke, like the water he can see in the distance when he closes his eyes and really concentrates. Part of him desperately wants to reach for it. Another part of him is happy not knowing. Something tells him he has reached for it before.
There's whine in those words, and a demand, but Steve ignores it, circling the plug with his fingers again, then grasping it to slowly, tortuously draw it out. He lets Tony's body close up behind it, eyes raking over the red, red slash of the thong stretched over Tony's skin, Tony's fingers digging dents into the flesh of his firm asscheek as he holds himself open, his mouth is bitten red, brown eyes hazy as he glares at Steve over his shoulder. Those eyes drop shut, and a shaky moan falls from Tony's lips when he works the plug back inside him, thrusting it slowly, and angling it down to press against his prostate.
“Come on, come on sugar, you've earned it, fill me up honeybunch, c'mon, I'll let you look,” Tony is whispering against his ear, pulling at his hair, urging him on-and he feels it when all the pleasure finally crests, becomes too much for him to contain. It's a complete white out, he knows he's crying out, that Tony is clenching around him, milking his orgasm out of him for all it's worth. He knows distantly that Tony is talking to him, praising him, that his nimble fingers are in his hair, his lush mouth pressing kisses at Steve's hairline where he's slumped; lying bonelessly against Tony's chest.
“I have his phone number, and a slew of other contact information.”  Tony says, giving a short sharp nod.  Screens pop up with phone numbers and a few email addresses.  Steve files them away after reading each once.  It's always good to know how to potentially contact an enemy, even if Stone refuses to answer, it makes Steve feel better even if it doesn't tell them where the guy is.
“Oh sure, here.” He passes over the piece of glass.  “Just hold your hand out like-yeah. Perfect. Jay run safemode.”  A little yellow light appears at the top of the glass, which Steve guesses must mean the mode is activated.  He hopes that means he can't mess anything important up.  “This is the coolest thing that's ever happened to me, I just want you to know, Captain America holding my tech, who'da thunk. Ten year old me never would have believed it.”  Stark sounds just a little bit giddy, but his face suddenly flushes dark, and he looks down and to the side.  It's kind of adorable.  Steve hums, rolling the light around in his hand.  "Sorry, probably not what you want to hear, considering-"  He says quietly, hushed, almost under his breath.
Steve clears his throat, using gentle tugging motions to bring him over to the couch. Steve is always so careful with him. His touches seem to come with such an awareness of his own strength. It's kind of endearing, and it kind of also makes Tony wonder what it would take to make him be a little rougher.
Steve swallowed the lump of emotion in his throat.  It was a lot of trust, it didn’t escape his notice that he had the hopes of countless people riding on the success of the coming day.  He hoped that trust would not be unfounded.
“Run while you can, I can't control it anymore. You're in danger.” Tony reads the words, then reads them again. It looks like Ty is still the most dramatic asshole on the planet.
They keep walking after that, eventually making it to the observation deck. There he is treated to the unique experience that is Thor; the apparent Norse god of Thunder. His heart belies his name, it pounds out a rhythm so strong Steve wonders if even the others can hear it. Strange though, there are other sounds around him, like Iron Man Thor seems to bleed technology. The hammer in his hand resonates like an open sky, strange and so alien that Steve has difficulty looking at it too long.
Steve sits back in his chair listening to the team banter back and forth. Iron Man-usually so quick to join in and offer commentary-is curiously silent throughout the whole debrief. It's disconcerting to say the least. When it's all said and done Steve pulls him aside to thank him for the save with the bus-full of people.
work-but I don't have to understand you to love you. And I do. Love you Tony.” Steve says, turning redder and redder as he speaks. It shouldn't be romantic, a love confession in an unused SHIELD room certainly isn't the choreographed production some of his lovers have performed, but they hadn't meant it then, had they?
“Go on another date with me.” He blurts. Tony stills against him. “That is if you still want to, after. After this.”
“Namor!”  He called, “What are you doing?”  His question met no answer however, and Namor himself seemed to look past Steve, through him.  That wasn’t right at all.  Namor had always been a bad tempered kind of fella, self assured (and boy Bucky would have had something to say about that assessment) but the look he turned on Steve was more hostile than any he had ever seen from him.
He has programmed inactivity, cell death into the nanites, but that makes them unstable. The Musculoskeletal ones were the simplest, and he doesn't know why those work better than the rest. Bogota, Osaka, Berlin, Barcelona, next month Helsinki, all technological hubs, but no one seems to have the answer he's seeking. Tony swears, rubbing his palms over his tired eyes.
It's not going to happen. Tony Stark doesn't get to have a fairy-tale romance, and what's more he doesn't deserve one, not with the life he's lived, and the secrets he's keeping.
Last time, he had knelt between Steve's legs in one of his ridiculously expensive silk wool suits that make him look right off the society pages.
“No one can see in, windows into my room are fully polarized but thank you for thinking of everything.” Tony says sincerely. Now isn't the time for jokes. Steve is probably shy about kissing, self conscious and worried he won't be good at it. Tony smiles at him encouragingly, and then Steve is leaning down, pressing his lips to Tony's cautiously.
“C'mon, let's go see, I bet she's an Iron Man fan.” He suggests, already pushing away from their tucked away spot.  Tony brightens, both of them trudging across crunching snow to come stand by the wailing little one.
“Beautiful, gorgeous, hmm, mister big brain.” Steve laughs as the elevator dings and Tony pushes him through the doors into the hallway.
rejection apparently.” Tony answers immediately, knocking his drink back and pouring himself another. “Ty's an arrogant bastard, makes me look practically demure by comparison-”
“Yeah, take care of him. No debrief okay Shellhead. Just rest.” No answer comes from inside the suit. If JARVIS is taking control it must be bad, but Steve knows a secret when he sees one. Still, concern ties his stomach into knots even as Doom is rounded up and taken into custody.
“Go the fuck to sleep.” Rhodey deadpans. Tony's uncontrollable giggles ring out through the workshop as the call cuts off.
Not good enough for you, no matter how hot you looked in them.” He says, and Steve can feel a rant coming.  Steve just lets him go, all flailing hands and big expressive eyes. He's such a spitfire.
“Then you be a good man, huh?  You show them how sweet you are, no one can say no to that, now what do you say, you want some soup?”  She moved closer, kissing the top of his head, stroking her strong, slender fingers through the mop of disheveled gold.
“I do a lot more than kiss on first dates, and this is our second one.” Tony murmurs against Steve's lips, reaching under the table to slide his hand over one of Steve's jean clad thighs.
“I’ve made a vanilla and grand marnier whipped cream and there are strawberries to dip them in.  It’s not very complicated but I do remember you saying you liked the idea of it.” Tony sounds as if he might start rambling.  It’s so far from his usual smooth delivery, as if he’s expecting Steve to shoot him down, as if that were even possible now.
“Are we all friends?” He asks, later when he's had a nap and changed clothes. Natasha pauses where she's tossing clothes into suitcases.
Then, the unthinkable happened.  In September of 1939, Steve had woken to find the news stands full of papers plastered with dreadful news.  Europe was at war.  The great war should have been the last war the world had seen, but it looked like that wasn’t going to be the case.  Steve bought one of the papers and paged through it with shaking hands.  Everyone had known things were not going well in Europe, but the politicians in the states had been trying to downplay it, to keep the unrest quiet.  It wasn’t quiet anymore.
” The way he says magic is something akin to the tone of voice his mother had once taken when a neighborhood cat left a dead rat on the stoop of the building they lived in.
“Who said it was a lie?” Steve gets out before he can think better of it.  Tony's eyes jerk up to his; wide, and shocked, and full of something Steve can't even begin to put a name to.
“I’m sorry.” He said, sitting up straight on the couch, trying to make himself look strong, like the kind of alpha Tony didn’t have to worry about. “It won’t happen again. I think I’ll be fine now.”
“Bruce, green bean, c'mon, not you too.” Tony says plaintively, when Bruce drapes another blanket around him and leans down to kiss his forehead.
“I know that must have been difficult for you to admit, thank you; I like touching you too honey.” Tony murmurs against Steve's lips, mouth opening against his when Steve pulls him closer to deepen the kiss. Tony really is a fantastic kisser. A fantastic lover. He asks for so little. The first time they slept together Steve wasn't sure what to expect, but Tony is so good. So kind, and sweet, and patient. Nothing like the tabloids paint him out to be. He treated Steve's inexperience as nothing important, never made him feel embarrassed for not knowing things, and god, the things he could do with his
Tony laughed delightedly, he leaned over to pilfer a cracker, chewing on it while smiling over at Steve.  “I’ll tell him you said so.  It was a joint project though, I always like soup and tea when I’m having a bad day.”  He snapped his mouth shut, collecting cracker crumbs off his pants delicately.  "You've had a much worse day than any of mine though, I just thought, that it might help." He shrugged. His cheeks were a little pink.  Steve had the sudden crazy desire to press his lips to those rosy spots of color.
His eyes feel fuzzy and strained from staring at fine print, so he drags lenses out and unfolds them across his nose, smiling when they scan over his irises. Within a second everything is nice and crisp again. Tony shoves his hands in his pockets, affects an air of casual interest, and strides into the sitting room like he's not about to keel over from lack of sleep.
“Nah, got nothing on my sweetheart.” He says, eyes glittering. Tony groans, leaning his head against Steve's shoulder.
“Trust in your local billionaire, Captain Handsome, I’ll have one for you tomorrow.”  He put his cards down on the table.  It was a royal flush.
“God,”  He shuddered, his face was wet.  He pulled the cowl off, tossed it atop the shield.  His hair was drenched with sweat, but he was still cold, his teeth chattering audibly in the quiet of the room.  He was getting sweat all over Iron Man’s fancy heated blanket.  It didn’t even need a cord, of course it didn’t, because it had been seventy years.  Steve stifled the hysterical laugh bubbling in his throat.  He had to get it together, falling apart like a house of cards was doing him no favors, but he couldn’t bring himself to move.  He laid there shaking and clutching the blanket around himself until a soft knock sounded at the bedroom door.
There will be one more speech to wring the last few dollars from the stone at the end of the night, but for now it's dinner and dancing. Tony has always hated this part. The bigger the donation, the more he is expected to make nice with the donor. Sometimes it's alright, but other times not so much. Tony has lost count of various vulgar propositions he has received over the years. People get awfully brave when they're full of expensive booze and dropping huge sums of money.
It was nice though, having a bigger bed.  Sarah’s bed back in his apartment had been larger than his own, but Steve could never bring himself to sleep in it, so his cramped and sagging twin mattress had been where he continued to lay his head.  This new bed in the barracks felt almost luxurious, even though it was rock solid, and the pillow kind of felt like it might have been stuffed with munitions.  He heard officers got even bigger beds, and certainly nicer mattresses at least.  He wondered if General Phillips got a king size.
“The something blue is the lingerie, but you're the something old, just in case you were wondering.” Tony sounds all too pleased with himself, grinning when Steve leans back to stare at him in equal parts arousal and amusement. Steve kisses him, crushing their mouths together before he can say anything else terrible and enticing.
Tony’s head whipped towards the blast doors immediately, and Steve saw him say something to the ceiling.  A moment later the doors to the lab opened, and Tony yelled for him to come in. Upon seeing Tony seemed alright, Steve felt more than a little awkward barging in on him like this. What was he even planning to say to him? Man with a plan indeed, he thought glumly, but still walked into the lab. The music lowered immediately, and Tony waved at him with his plasma torch. Upon Steve approaching more closely, he doused the flame, and pushed his goggles up, looking like nothing more than the world’s most handsome mad inventor.
“It is not my place to say Captain Rogers. If you wish to know you will have to ask Mister Stark yourself.” JARVIS sounds vaguely regretful, but obviously not enough to tell him what he really wants to know.  Steve slumps.
“Oh.” Steve takes stock of their position, curled around each other in the east corner of the debriefing room, Steve's arms wrapped around Tony like protective bands. His face flames hot with shame, and he lets Tony go as if scalded, opening his mouth to apologize.
“Not even, but it's been a while, I'm uh-” He seems to bite back his own enthusiasm, looking everywhere but Steve's face. “never mind.”
There are myths around soulmates. Legends that tell of memories being left behind if a soulmate dies before meeting their other half. Sometimes in the dark, when the creaking of a plane is loud in his ears, and there’s ice in his lungs-sometimes he thinks of those stories.
“Did you forget your own birthday?” Steve asks, clambering out of the bed on shaky legs. Tony doesn't protest as Steve picks him up and sets him on the nearby couch. Tony learned long ago that Steve Rogers allows no arguments when it comes to stripping the bed down after making a mess of it, so he just relaxes down into the cushions and enjoys having a gloriously naked super soldier making their bed.
He thinks fiercely, grabbing for those flickering images, but the water draws back, and he is just a man. The tide can't be held in his arms.
“Okay,” Steve says slowly, when Tony glances at him it looks as if Steve is holding a lot more back. Tony looks away again. “whatever you want. I'd like to stay by your side though, please. If you'll let me.” So earnest, always so earnest. Even in the face of Tony losing his shit in a fancy hotel bathroom, Steve isn't running away. Tony has absolutely no idea what to do with that.
The whole day passed in a sort of fog, Steve barely paid the lessons any mind, and when the school day was over, he went walking.  He walked and walked, until he ended up around the gin joints not so far from his apartment.  It was late, the sun had gone down long ago in a brilliant show of oranges and purples.  Steve stared up at the hazy sky.  There was too much pollution and light in the heart of the lower east side to see the stars, but he imagined them up there, far distant points of light, and he wondered what it would be like to fly, to be out of his aching body.  It was a stupid thought, childish, but Steve couldn’t help himself.
“Oh my god Captain Cook, you are my new favorite person. I can't believe you brought me Tiramisu. Let's get married.”  If it's a little overdramatic, Steve doesn't seem to mind.  He's grinning wide, offering him another forkful of the sweet so Tony doesn't have to put his work down. Tony kind of really appreciates it, even if thinking about it too hard makes it weird. Tony is not going to overthink being fed coffee cake by Captain America while doing science. He is not ruining this for himself.
He streaks out of the mansion as quickly and stealthily as he can, which means no going supersonic. What a shame. Still, he allows himself some indulgent loops in the air, as he guns it all the way to Seattle. The trip takes far less time when encased in a super powered armor rather than a jet, although it is nice to have a bed to sleep on in said jet. He wishes he could take Steve flying like this. With nothing pressing over their heads', or a mission to complete. Steve is such an adrenaline junkie, he would probably love it.
the train engine and systematically ripping the rest of the train to shreds. It seemed uninterested in the passengers, but the danger is obvious.
“Guys, hate to interrupt you, but, the press approaches.”  Jan said, growing to her regular size.  She went to hang off of hank, dragging him over to smile winningly at the approaching photographers.
“All yours,” He slurs out, feeling in a way the way he remembers it felt to be drunk almost. His thoughts feel slow, soft, as if wrapped up in a blanket of warmth, everything is brighter, more, and he tucks his face against Tony's shoulder, kisses his neck and rubs him inside, drinks in the moan he feels rumbling through Tony's throat.
“Tell him he’s on probation until you get to wear your dancing shoes.”  Tony said, after the lipstick was removed to Jan’s satisfaction, patting her hand and walking over to rifle through the fridge.  Jan sighed and sat back down at the table, she looked a little sleepy and entirely content.  Tony emerged from inside of the fridge a moment later with a tall glass filled with layers of granola and yogurt.  He set it down on the counter, pulling on his other glove-thin soft black leather-with rings sewn into it, smiling a little obscurely when he noted Steve watching him.  “Hi Steve.”  He said, sidling over to stand close, close enough for Steve to catch the scent of expensive spicy cologne and whatever it was Tony put in his hair to make it look so perfectly styled.  Steve shoved a bite of egg into his own mouth to keep from saying anything ridiculous.  “How did you sleep?”  Tony asked, seemingly oblivious to the way Steve’s heart rate kicked up by just having him near.
Every person he knew, everyone that ever truly mattered to him is dead. Dead or spending their last days in a retirement home. Steve is a soldier, he was trained to understand that people dying was an option. He never was that good at losing people though, and this, he was not trained for anything like
“Come on, honey,”  Tony says, working himself over Steve's cock so perfectly Steve shouts “come on, leave me wet inside, you're so deep in me now aren't you-so deep I'll taste it when you come won't I, big guy?”  The words lodge in his mind, make him gasp and cry out just with the knowledge that he's going to come inside Tony, and that Tony wants that from him. It's so much, the breath is caught in his chest, everything is so bright and hot and shivering with pleasure.  He's not even truly aware of what he's doing anymore, the sounds he's making, only conscious of hanging onto the bed, keeping himself from tearing out of the sash around his wrist, and kissing Tony back when he leans down to lick into his mouth while Steve comes and comes and comes.
“Yeah Steve, what can I do for you?'' Tony licks his lips, watching in fascination as blue eyes drop to track the motion. Oh...
“Happy holidays Steve.” Tony says on a yawn, waving his hand to silence the movie still playing above them.
“Boy is that a loaded statement.” Tony whispers, turning his head away from that grip, away from the adoring look in Steve's eyes. He leans his head against Steve's shoulder though, unwilling and unable to go hide away.  He snuggles in closer, letting Steve hold him close in the middle of the hall as if it's the only thing worth doing at the asscrack of dawn.
Tony winces, but Steve just reaches over to lace their hands together.  "I'm sorry, did it wake you up?” The apology is almost reflexive by this point, but Steve watches him for a moment, blue eyes warm and assessing.
idea.” The words are a low purr. Tony's eyes have gone half lidded as he presses kisses to Steve's gloved fingertips. Something hot and heady goes through his body when Tony's teeth close around the fabric of his glove and give it a tug.
“Yeah, kissing is, great, really great. Better than great with you.” Steve murmurs the last part, but Tony still hears him. Steve can't mean it that way though, not the way Tony desperately wishes he did.
“What the,” He starts, coming to a halt when Justin Hammer comes strolling down the path like a walking talking infestation of crabs.
“Only if need be, now if you will-” Jarvis says primly. Steve smiles, crouching down next to Stark at a good distance if he throws a punch. He recognizes the careful wording of JARVIS' instructions for what they are. Men back in the war coming back hollow eyed and jumping at shadows could have benefited form having their own JARVIS around. He doesn't doubt that Mister Stark could land a solid punch.  He is smaller than Steve, but he's fit, compact and well muscled with a mean right hook if the stories about his boxing training are to be believed. Steve has seen him carting around enough heavy Avengers gear to know he's certainly no slouch. It just makes him want to be even more careful. JARVIS is trusting him with a lot.
him! Off to the side Natasha is polishing her nails against her uniform, Tony steadfastly ignores her.
“That was really something, Iron Man, Tony, that’s better than a rollercoaster, wow.”  They were walking through the mansion, towards the kitchen.  He knew Tony had to leave soon, to go back to his work and his company, but for the moment it was nice to have him near.
“Hey, anytime, I mean it.  If I’m not in my room-down the hall last door at the end-then I’m in the lab, anyone can direct you.”  He stepped back after that, and went to leave.  For a moment he stood in the threshold of the room as if gripped by some internal debate, but he just gave a tiny wave, and then turned to leave.
“Thank you Mister Stark, that's really. Just thanks for everything.” He rakes a hand through his hair self consciously, but Stark waves the thanks off, staring fixedly at the glowing light once again in his hand. He takes off after that, spinning equations and talking to JARVIS at a rate so fast all Steve understands is that he doesn't understand it.
“Tony.” Steve breathes, and Tony raises his head, bracing his hands on Steve's chest to lean up over him, teasing him first by kissing the corners of his mouth, his chin, before allowing the demanding grip on his tie to pull him in fully, pressing their lips together at last. Steve's lips are soft and warm, parting easily for his tongue when he sweeps it over the perfect cupid's bow like he's been wanting to. Slow syrupy pleasure buzzes through his veins, lighting all along his nerves in every spot their bodies touch.
“Be nice, Hawkeye, it’s just Black Knight, he can’t help looking like that.”  Wasp said, hovering beside Steve’s ear.
The first time they share a bed it's a bit of an accident. A mission calls for them to camp out in the Arizona desert, far from any towns or reasonable camp sites. Why Asgardian's love popping up in desolate areas Steve will never know-it's not as if they're hiding their presence any longer. Still Thor was adamant that his friend would be arriving sooner rather than later, so they set up to wait.
“Yes, it was all of that, but I'm not going anywhere unless you want me to. Tony-” He says, tugging Tony up into his arms to kiss over his face, ignoring the muttering that elicits. “Tony, I know this might come as a shock to you, because you're one of the most oblivious sons of a gun I've had the pleasure of knowing..”
“Your car talks.”  He said, looking over at Tony, who shrugged.  “Of course your car talks.”  Steve slid into the driver’s seat, looking at all the buttons and glowing dials.  It wasn’t too bad, there was still a gearbox with a shifter.  He’d been reading about new cars, automatic transmissions were around back in the twenties, but they were far too rich for most people’s blood.  This car was an automatic and then some.  A little button started it, he’d read about that.
? Are you saying-” Tony jabs his finger in the air. “that you approve of your creator's uhhh” What is Steve to him now?
“It cut through the armor like it was nothing Tony! Woulda killed Iron Man if we hadn't been there, what do you think it will do to you if it did that to Iron Man?” He knows he should calm down, but what Tony is suggesting makes a blind panic tear through him. There's absolutely no doubt in his mind that Tiberius Stone would not be above summoning that monster again. It's a chilling thought: Tony alone in a room with Tiberius Stone and a creature that even Thor finds intimidating. True the Avengers would be on standby, but who is to say the Níðhöggr needs more than a second to strike.
The thought of food gets him moving, and together they walk through the door, Steve guides him through first, one hand spread really quite daringly over Tony's lower back. The bell jingles. He's in a little froyo shop with a jingly door with Captain America on a
He thinks, staring up into eyes too green to be human. “You never wanted them, you Midgardians are so fickle.” The tone is almost fondly amused, but venom can be sweet. Tony knows this in some deep fundamental part of his soul.
It's kind of flattering to think Thor might have had a little crush though. What an ego boost. Thor seems to know what he's thinking, he shoots Tony a little wink before going off to make himself comfortable next to Jan.
when he says things like that. The man is a troll when he wants to be, but right now he's being completely sincere. He always seems to be sincere when talking about spending time with Tony. It makes him swallow thickly, his fingers squeezing reflexively around Steve's.
The rest of the Avengers will be at the gala too, but they are showing up on their own time. Tony hopes no one besmirches their honor in front of Thor. He tends to take any rude statements about the Avengers as a personal affront. He wonders if anyone will manage to wrangle their resident space prince into a tux. Or Clint. Last Tony had seen, Natasha and Carol were trying to wrestle Legolas into formal-wear in the same way one might go about putting a sweater on a recalcitrant cat. Tony will watch that video later and bask in the screaming.
“So, basic training?”  Steve didn’t know what the big metal thing had to do with basic training, but he wasn’t a scientist after all, and Dr. Erskine certainly was.  It was what he had been wanting for so long, a chance to prove himself, to even get to go through basic training, that first step in the door.  He knew of course that it wouldn’t be easy, that people much fitter and healthier than himself sometimes dropped out or were dismissed despite their best efforts.  He had to try though, give his all, what he wanted was a chance, and now it sounded like he had one.  “I’m ready now, anytime, you can count on me.”
“That so?” Steve doesn't sound convinced at all, what a blow to the ego.  Tony shifts on Steve's lap, about to launch into a speech when Steve reaches up and rubs the back of his neck just where the ends of his-getting-too-long hair begin to curl. Not fair. Tony goes boneless, dropping his head against Steve's shoulder and shutting his eyes. Strong thumbs press against the tendons in his neck, and Tony resists moaning by sheer willpower alone.
“I'm all yours Sweetheart, you don't have to worry. Been yours for a while now, I was just waiting for you to notice.”
“The windows are tinted too dark for anyone to see in, Steve, gorgeous, it's okay. Unless you want me to stop,” Tony says, right up against his ear, breath fanning there and making Steve shiver.
“Tell me about it!  I know”  Tony laughed and threw his hands up in aggravation.  “Last time it was the Dallas Cowboys, can you believe?  Even if it was a team I liked, I don’t even want to see him in a meeting, much less spend who knows how long with him trying to croon about stocks in my ear during a game.”  He pulled a face, clearly envisioning this.  Steve couldn’t believe the guy was trying to get a New Yorker to go root for a New England team.
“But Susie Briggs said her omega ma’ said she could tell what her alpha mama was thinking about last night.”  Steve bulled on, unable to contain the stubborn jut of his lip.  Sarah groaned, muttering something in Gaelic under her breath that Steve didn’t quite catch.
“I'm fine. The injuries were superficial. I am here to take notes.” Across the table Steve sees the briefest flash of concern go across Natasha's face.
“I love you Rhodey.” He announces, pushing up the arm rests between their seats so he can lean on his clear favorite in the room-car. Rhodey laughs, letting him get comfortable. Tony might be imagining things, but Steve looks just a little jealous. Bucky just looks amused.
Steve was confident in the rightness of his actions until Sarah showed up, took one look at him and sighed out an exasperated “Oh Steve.”  She didn’t say much more until they made it back to the apartment.  It was getting cold, and would freeze outside soon.  Steve shivered, watching Sarah putting a cool compress together.  Her lips were turned down, but she smiled as she applied it to the quickly swelling side of his face with great care, the way he’d seen her tend to neighbors who came knocking on the door in the middle of the night.
“Don’t kill him Widow, disabling only please.”  Iron man called, to Widow’s grunt of the affirmative.
Eventually they do part for air. Tony sucks in long pulls of oxygen, head falling back against the table with a moan when Steve leans down to bite a mark into a very visible part of Tony's neck, somewhere even his fancy dress shirts won't hide. Tony seems to understand what he's doing, and he goes absolutely crazy for it, arching against Steve, his nails catching and scratching on his clothed back.
Tony snickers at the pun, but doesn't bat an eye as Steve takes one long fingered hand between his own; pressing it between his palms, and slowly working at the tension he finds. Tony's hands are well kept but covered in tiny scars from years of work. The palms are broad, still narrower and smaller than his own, but undoubtedly strong. Steve knows these hands by heart, he's sketched them so many times they could almost be his own, and he's never looked at his own hands with such attention to detail.
“Wait, wait.” Steve gasps, Tony's hand stills, eyes clenching shut. Steve doesn't make him wait long. Tony feels another drizzle of lube over his hole. Steve shifts behind him, sighing as he strokes himself slick, and then he's right
“Sure it is.”  He dared to put an arm around Tony, holding him around the shoulders.  He was so warm.  “Do you wanna talk about it?”
“To spread my legs?” Tony says with a shrug. He's being honest here, and Rhodey's heard worse things from him before.
“Cap, Cap what happened?” He can feel Iron Man patting him over but his head is still spinning, still he gathers himself together.
The reactor in his chest is a constant pressure, but within two days he learns which positions are comfortable, and which are instantly painful. Something tells him he has learned to sleep with it before in much less optimum conditions, but no one will tell him how it came to be. No one will tell him much of anything in a point of fact-they seem afraid to trigger his curiosity. Tony doesn't blame them, his curiosity is insatiable, almost a will of its own.
Will he be old when they meet? Will he be ancient and stooped with age, wintering and faded next to the vibrant life of his soulmate? Because he is vibrant, beautiful and so real and wonderful Steve wakes some mornings reaching for him. Who is he? He wonders. This bright shining light standing at the gates of the future.
Before they can take a dive into whatever thoughts are making Steve shift around in obvious interest, one of Tony's calendar holograms pops up. Natasha's impending appointment glows out at him, and there's no way in hell Tony is going to stand Natasha up. He's not sure what would happen if he didn't show, but it's better to be safe than sorry.
Other medications, Steve paused half way through stuffing an entire pizza slice into his mouth. He swallowed with some effort. “Are you alright, are you sick?” He asked, feeling that telltale urge to protect surfacing with a vengeance.
“So that's it, you're just going to dangle yourself out for him then.”  Steve can’t help his utter dissatisfaction with this plan from making itself known in his tone.
“Tony.” Steve says, drawing Tony's eyes away from his drink. He nods when Steve reaches for his hand, swallowing audibly as Steve pulls their chairs closer together and presses close.
“Fuck, Steve, darling, I love you too.” Tony sounds strained, despite his earlier bravado, and Steve rewards him by slipping his hands around to knead the tight muscles along his spine. Tony groans, hanging his head when Steve digs his fingers into the tense spot just beneath his shoulder blades. He rubs there for a time, working knots and tension out where he finds it, until Tony is pliant and all but purring beneath his hands.
“We need to get at her all at once.”  Steve said.  “She’s trying to split us up, fight us one on one.”  There were affirmatives over the comms, Tony looped back around to where Thor was engaged in a shouting and hammer match with Amora.  It sounded a little like a very one sided lovers’ spat.
me, still not fair though.” He grouches, extricating himself from Steve's arms and pointing accusingly. “Help me put up the tent though, I refuse to do this alone.”
“Oh-” Tony says shakily when Steve presses into the curious touch.  “You really-” Tony's fingers flex, and he stares down between their bodies incredulously. “You...why didn't you say sooner?” Steve groans when Tony slips his hand away to reach up and smooth over his chest, then up over his shoulders in slow hesitant touches.
“I meant it. This is pretty amazing. You must think it's amazing too-unless I guess if everything is like this stuff now.”
The words stayed with him as he fell asleep, and stayed with him even when it became apparent that being an alpha did not mean his asthma would disappear, or that he’d gain a hundred pounds of muscle and a foot of height.  They stayed with him even as his ‘ma lay in her bed slowly dying of tuberculosis.  She had once seemed so big to him, so strong, and invincible, as she had once said.  The disease had not cared about how Steve Rogers looked at her and had seen a titan.  She slept then more than she was awake, and for that Steve was grateful.  Wakefulness brought a horrible rasping cough that made her eyes pinch with pain.  She tried to hide it, but it became Steve’s duty to help her take the medication to ease her pain, even if it could do nothing to cure her.  There were many times in Steve’s life where he felt helpless, and this was one of the greatest.  Sitting there, beside his mother, watching her fight a disease no alpha could protect her from, not even she herself, Steve knew his childhood was effectively over, short and tumultuous as it had been.
“Sleep now, I'll be-” Steve's voice is low and rough, cracking with arousal even as he backtracks across the floor. “I'll be here, I um, goodnight. Tony.” He all but runs from the room after that. Tony holds onto his plush tightly, eyes wide in the growing darkness of the room. Well, at least Steve was just as affected as him. He contemplates taking matters into his own hands, but he's just so tired, and it seems crass to rub one out in front of Steve's banana counterpart.
“Okay. Yeah, I don't want any parties though, you got that?” He grumbles, raking a hand over his face as Tony leads him out to a waiting town car.
It doesn't fix everything of course. Tony still hides away sometimes, closes himself away from everyone, but he does it less and less. They're not flawless at communication, and there are things he knows Tony may never tell him, secrets he holds onto so tightly they may as well be part of his DNA.
“Not even a teensy bit naked?” The little moue of pouty sorrow almost makes Steve reconsider, but he kisses Tony instead. Tony allows the kissing for a time, but soon pulls back to look over his face searchingly.
Two days ago several of his old new friends' disappeared off to do who knows what. The one named Bucky is still here, but he's like a ghost. Tony doesn't see him often, but when he does drop by it's usually with food or a hot drink. He seems to be treating Tony as if he has a cold, or maybe a nasty sinus infection. It's kind of amusing to watch a guy that walks like that tiptoe across his bedroom with a tray full of chicken soup and strong black tea or coffee.
When they get up to leave Tony tosses a wad of bills into their dead eyed hostess' tip jar. She stares at it, then back at him as if his face has suddenly registered. He jerks a thumb at Steve, then himself and mimes a zipping motion. Bless her, she just nods, reaching out to take the money and stow it in her apron. Steve watches the whole exchange with a clearly amused expression, dropping a kiss on Tony's cheek once he comes into range.
“Oh-oh, Tony-” It punches out of him roughly, all jagged syllables. He feels himself pull for a moment against his bindings, the silk pressing into his wrist in reminder, and he sinks back against the pillows, chest heaving as if he's running a marathon.
“No, oh, darling, you're wonderful, so good, so good honey. I've wanted this so much.” Tony sighs out, taking a deep breath in through his nose, blowing it out, and then sinking down further. The muscles in his thighs-his beautiful thighs, Steve wants to kiss them-bunch and shift as he lowers himself. Steve's head falls back against the pillows, just barely holding back from canting his hips upwards helplessly. He can't push up into Tony like that, no matter how good he feels. Tony is setting the pace here, making sure Steve can't hurt him, that Steve can't bungle this up irreparably with his strength and his inexperience and his
“Do you think Doctor Strange knows anything about force fields?” He muses, trying and failing to keep the innocent expression on his face when Tony starts sputtering.
fight, Achilles and many other great heroes had been omegas after all.  Steve remembered hearing stories of brave omegas coming back glassy eyed from the great war.  One had been found in no man’s land, half buried by a company of dying alphas and betas.  She had been trying to offer peace to her men, her gloves off and arms bared, pouring her comfort out like blood because no rescue was coming.  She had survived, but the anguish of not being able to save her company left her an empty shell of who she had once been.  Most had died, going down into the trenches and refusing to leave their posts and their companies, until they had been shot down or gassed or worse.  The Spanish Flu had thinned their numbers even further.  They had marched into hospitals full of the sick and dying, offering the solace of their touch, and never coming out.  Being an omega did not make one immune to disease after all.
His vision spots, and he shakes his head to clear his thoughts, taking another long sip of hot cocoa. Bucky made it for him; something like understanding glittering in his eyes when he dropped it off on the nightstand in Tony's bedroom. Tony wants to take his arm apart for some reason, but that's probably
Dr. Erskine sat back in his chair, eyebrows almost as high up on his face as when he’d regarded the packed chart in the alley.  “I do not believe I have ever heard someone quite so excited to go through basic training, and yes, that is where you will go, and I will be joining you, to watch your progress.  I believe you have what it is I have been seeking.  General Phillips may disagree with me, but I have faith in what I have seen in you, Steve.”
“Avengers, what?” He's so confused even the strange pacemaker seems low on the surreal factor. Avengers sounds familiar though, like something just on the tip of his tongue. He reaches for that thread, that faint glimmer of familiarity. So close, the shore is so close, if he can just dip his fingers in the water.
“Is it dead?” Steve asks, supporting Iron Man as he lists sideways in the armor. Thor looks up, expression grim.
Steve doesn't see Tony again until just past two in the morning. He's on his way back from the gym-freshly showered and just tired enough to finally get into bed and sleep. Thirst calls him to the kitchen to refill his metal water bottle. He gets about three steps in before noticing he's not alone.
“Sir there appears to be a very small amount of Vibranium very close by.” JARVIS says in that cool crisp way of his that's all sass.  Iron Man snorts.
“I know, but maybe I'm just a little pissed off at the guy that tried to hurt my friend, and the man I love.” Steve says with the sort of lack of hesitation Tony has come to expect from one of the most stubborn people Tony has ever met. Tony feels like his eyes might pop right out of their sockets. Steve said that a little like he and Iron Man are the same person. Steve loves him? Steve
“He better.”  She said with a smile.  “Good luck, take care of yourself, and thank you for that save with the Brooklyn bridge.”  She passed him her business card with a wink.  Steve gave her a little salute after taking the bag with his purchases.
“Hey, what in the hell was that?”  Steve called out, nearly jumping as he realized Dr. Erskine and General Phillips were much closer than they had been before.  General Phillips grunted, fixing Steve with a sharp glare that still somehow looked vaguely approving, more approving than Steve had ever seen him look at any rate.  On most other fellas that would have probably rated as a grimace.
He thinks with growing agitation as Steve leaves the lab. Tony does not stare at his ass because he's
“Yes, Captain?” Iron Man answers back without missing a beat.  Steve blinks. The suit is empty again.
“Back to the mansion for info-dumping I guess then.” Tony says, doing a little adjusting of his own while they make their way back to the jet. Steve just nods, draping an arm around his waist and rubbing his fingers over the silky material of his waistcoat.
is almost too quiet for even him to hear, but it's a comforting thought that follows him into his dreams.
“I could do you one better, use me as bait, I'll lure him to one of my test facilities, no big deal.” Tony shrugs. Steve feels his face twist right along with the yawning pit of terror opening up in his stomach.
“I'm trying, he's stubborn, but I guess it takes one to know one.” Steve says, and Tony knows he must be smiling.  Jan giggles, and Tony shuts his eyes against the wave of emotion that slams into him unbidden. He's surrounded by people who
“What? You're going to tell me our resident battle ballerina can't do the twirly whirly on the ice?” Tony manages to look appalled and horrified by this prospect without even cracking a smile, but Steve knows when he's being smarted off to.
“You would do that?” He asked quietly. He had never seen Natasha with her gloves off, never seen her touch anyone on the team without them.
That seems to satisfy all of them, but the atmosphere is still tense; charged when they all grab a suitcase and lead him out into the hallway. Tony bounces on the balls of his feet in agitation. His fingers twitch. It feels like he should be doing
Back at the hotel, Tony  set up holoscreens for the Avengers to debrief with them.  As expected they were all extremely put out over not being involved in the battle with Mole Man.  Tony called Reed after that, and Steve staggered off to go lay in the hotel bed as the drop hit him.
“Not my secrets to tell. The worst are out of his life though, if that makes you feel any better.” It does and it doesn't. On the one hand he's glad they're not around anymore. On the other hand it means there's nowhere for his energy to go.  Not that he would have hunted them down or anything like that, but it would have been good to have names, so if they ever turned up at the mansion like what the cat dragged in, Steve could show them the door.
“I uh, yeah I could eat,”  Steve’s stomach gave a loud embarrassing growl at the thought, he looked down at himself reproachfully.  “Kind of always hungry, if I’m being honest with you.”  He began unwrapping his hands, he couldn’t feel them.  “Sorry if this is me being a little slow on the uptake, but, have we met?”  He hoped it hadn’t come out rudely, or that somehow they had met and Steve had forgotten him.  No, that was impossible.
“You should be sorry about almost giving Iron Man a heart attack, he was really worried. I was too, I saw the scans of your arm while repairing the suit.” Tony prods a finger against the white star covering Steve's chest for emphasis. “No pain medications are efficacious with your metabolic rate and general cellular stubbornness.  It would figure, even your
“Tony it's okay.” Steve is so sweet, so concerned. Tony wants to throw up again. God he's such a mess.
Tony joins him moments later, carrying their entree with oven-mitted hands.  He smiles brightly at Steve, setting it down on a charger. Thankfully he’s gotten his face under control by the time Tony takes the seat at his side and begins doling out the salad and pouring wine.  Everything is delicious, from the salad, to the wine, to their joint effort shepherd's pie. Conversation is warm and easy, Steve tells a few stories about his childhood, and Tony regales him with some of the ridiculous things he’s done in the past.  They don’t talk about work, or the Ultimates, or anything that would suggest they weren’t just two lovers having a weekend away. Steve loves what he does, it’s his calling, his purpose, but they both needed this; and it’s nice to have something that isn’t tied to fighting or a mission in some way.
“Mmm, can’t neglect you, now can I darling.  What sort of terrible host would I be if I let my beloved shiver?”  Tony tucks himself close, sighing when Steve’s arms go around him to pull him in tight.  He presses tiny distracting kisses all along the collar of Steve’s shirt until the timer for the oven goes off.  When Tony pulls the steaming dish out, Steve’s stomach gives such a loud rumble that Tony laughs and ushers them into the dining area, promising he won’t be long.  Steve takes the salad bowl with him, unwilling to let Tony do all the work.
“Hi Steve.” Tony's greeting shakes him out of his reverie, and he somewhat guiltily drags his eyes away from where they had fixed on Tony's behind.
“Congress can move on any kind of malarkey but they can’t on this?”  Steve grumbled under his breath, but shook his head, sitting up straighter, meeting the recruiters eyes with as much conviction as he could.  “Then I’d like to join up anyway, they’ve gotta move on this sometime.”  In response the recruiter sighed, setting his file down and regarding him calmly.
To that end he smiles, sitting back on the seat and stretching his legs out.  He hopes he paints as inviting a picture as Tony does when he’s lounging around.  “C’mere, sit with me,” He says, holding out a hand in a beckoning gesture “I’m getting cold again.”
“Cap,”  Iron Man said, walking over with his smooth mechanical steps.  Steve could barely hear him over the ringing in his ears.
Tony hears the whir of servos, and then he's being pushed behind gleaming red metal. He stumbles back slightly, and the armor reaches back to steady him. Glowing eye slits stare into his for just a moment before JARVIS turns his gaze to Hammer-and wow. It's easier to appreciate how extremely intimidating the armor is when he's not encased in it.
“Gonna carry me over the threshold cap? Lay me on your bed? I've probably got some white lacy bridal lingerie somewhere.” Steve feels like his brain might go offline for a moment while he pictures what that would look like. Steve has a
“I'm just saying, it's an important protocol to have in the event of that happening. You don't want to be scrambling at the last minute Cap.”
“There it is, come to papa, you shiny beautiful piece of metal.” Iron Man says, oblivious to the thoughts whirling through Steve's head. The shield is propped up against the dark mouth of a cave, star turned upside down perfectly. It strikes Steve as being a little too artful. Iron Man's crunching metallic steps track across the clearing towards the shield, Steve at his back. Something feels very wrong. The birds have gone silent again. A drop of sweat slides down Steve's back despite the relative cold in the mountains.
“As long as you want.” Steve answers, sweeping his hand through damp curling hair.  Tony smiles, eyes drifting shut.
Still, it felt more empty than he would have liked, as he boarded the quinjet to leave the island. He had no regrets, but the rush was slipping away, leaving only the urgency of rut, and a gnawing hunger he knew would take at least an hour in the kitchen to satisfy. He felt overheated and sweaty, which was slowly verging into cold and clammy as the drop skirted around the hum of rut through his body. Steve dragged the cowl down, grimacing as his damp hair fluffed out into an unruly mess. He probably looked like a dandelion, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care.
Loot in hand they take their seats near the back of the place. Steve looks almost too large to be sitting in such a tiny plastic chair. He's smiling brightly at Tony though, watching him eat his yogurt as if there's nowhere he would rather be. Tony is shocked to find he agrees.
“Baby I’m a fool who thinks it’s cool to fall in love,”  Tony murmurs under his breath along with the song, his hand stroking over the short blond hairs at the nape of his neck.
“You alright there Shellhead?” Cap asks, staring up at Tony as he comes in for a landing close by. The blue cowl really does nice things for his eyes. Tony thinks, watching as the hood is pushed back, and Steve's still somehow perfectly coiffed hair makes it's first battlefield debut of the day.
The gym is empty when he walks in, due in part to Steve making it very known to the rest of the Avengers that they might get an eyeful if they happen to be present while he puts his plan into play. That is
Cards in his hands, fan mail, childish drawings made with crayons, markers, and sometimes glitter pens. He keeps them all, answers them on official Stark Industries stationary. These children that grew up not knowing him for who he used to be
feel like a heel. Bucky always did say he had a way with words. Too bad the serum couldn't have fixed that like it had his asthma.
“I do not want a singing big mouth bass, no. Also, did you just call me your little cupcake?  If anything, you're a cupcake, vanilla with blueberries in fact.” There's a telling sparkle in Steve's eyes, and Tony speaks French, he doesn't need the clarification as it is.
“Really?” Steve actually sounds surprised, like Tony isn't the surest thing on the damn planet right now. He's looking at Tony like he's not a colossal fuck-up. Like Tony's the best thing that ever happened to him. He's looking at Tony like he hung the moon in the sky, and wow, does Tony not know what to do with that.
“I'm looking Cap, Steve, I'm-I'm really looking.” The words are soft, vulnerable. Steve scoots closer on the couch almost unthinkingly. Their knees touch, and Tony's hands drop down, lashes dipping as Steve gently cups his face in one broad palm. It's utterly silent in the room save for his own pounding heartbeat, and that strange electrical hum that always clings to Tony. Beneath it he can almost hear Tony's heart.
Typically his second orgasm takes longer, but this time is different. The slick friction, Tony's encouraging words, and the sight of Tony beneath him all conspire to push him over the edge much more quickly than he anticipated.
“I can't even believe a guy in a Turkey suit interrupted my Saturday manicure.” Iron Man grouches over the comms.
He moved differently since he had come into his omegahood; he moved like he knew he was being watched.  Of course Steve was watching him, and so was half the class, as Russell sat down to look at the little gifts arrayed all over his desk.  As Steve watched, one of their classmates leaned into Russell’s space and whispered to him.  Russell turned in his seat a moment later to look at Steve.  It was a sharp glance, but he hooded the look, his gaze drifted to the side, and then he took off his gloves, rolling them up in his hand.
“Yeah, you think so, don't think it's silly?” Tony asks quietly, after the others have drifted from the room-Sam giving him a wink and a thumbs up on the way out.
a bomb, he'll very likely be fine, the armor can take on anti tank missiles easily, it's the other people in the building he can't endanger. The envelope doesn't look like a bomb, but Tony has been in the 'people will try to kill you in new and exciting ways' business for long enough to know that looks mean nothing when it comes to implements of destruction.
“Okay yes, you're definitely my favorite. You're a beautiful generous man point break, and I love you best, sorry Steve, no offense.” Tony says winningly, eyes big and pleading, and irresistible.
“Hey Thor, just so you know, if you press that button-” Tony says, strolling over to indicate a tiny red button on Thor's hat. “Yeah that. Press that and you get a little holo sleigh with reindeer flying around you head. I know how you love Santa.” Thor looks delighted, and soon there is a tiny holographic sleigh orbiting his head. Hulk swipes at it, but his hand goes through the hologram. He grunts, settling his own hat: An entire holiday village-atop his head.
“You know, it’s illegal how cute you are.”  Tony murmured, cutting Steve off when he started to speak.  “No, I know what I’m about, that face is a ten year prison sentence in the Dakotas, I’m pretty sure.”  He went on, it sounded like he was picking up steam.  Steve thunked his head onto Tony’s knee, and he stopped though, sitting back and just resting his hand on the back of Steve’s neck.  It was comforting, relaxing, especially when Tony began absently rubbing his thumb there.
The drive back home to his apartment was as surreal, the climb up to his door seeming unreal even as he turned the key and stepped over the threshold.  He spent an hour laid up in his bed with his bottle of hot water wrapped in towels before he brought himself to begin packing.  There wasn’t much to bring, but his pastels bought with his own hard work, and his expensive heavy-weight drawing paper were the first to be carefully stowed away.  His suit went next, it was a little short in the ankles, but he had not been able to afford a new one, and it was in good shape, no moth eaten holes or stray threads.
But he doesn't sound upset, just amused.  Steve wonders how far ahead of them he is, those rocket boots of his had sure looked pretty speedy.
Their wedding is on a Saturday because Tony says it's the party day-and one more rowdy group of revelers won't be noticed among the throngs of nighttime party goers. He's right, and their little ceremony goes completely unnoticed. Their friends' all attend, but it's a small affair, intimate and secret. Something that the public can't touch. Of course it doesn't hurt that the public seems to think they're already married, so no one bats an eye when they show up at a ritzy joint with matching rings.
He sits up a moment later, not liking how far away Tony is from him, wanting to stay within reach.  Steve has a moment to wonder If he's being too much, if his giddiness at having Tony so near and kissing him, nearly naked down to the waist-if that's too much.  Tony just smiles at him though, warm and welcoming, curving his hand around Steve's jaw, just rubbing his thumb over Steve's smooth unstubbled cheek. Tony is taller than him like this, standing between his knees.  Steve closes his eyes, stretching up and leaning into the slow, thorough kiss Tony presses into his mouth, the way Tony gently bites at his bottom lip. He's so hard already, the pajama pants doing nothing to conceal the heavy weight of his cock.
“They're watching the movie, it's a long explanation, sure you still want to know?” Tony asks, unsure and proud of himself all at once as is his trademark.
“I want you too, darling, all of this, as you say.  Now, let me fetch our decadent breakfast in bed” Tony strokes over Steve's cheek twice, before clambering off the bed really pretty gracelessly for Tony's usual flair.  There is a legged tray sitting on the bedside table. It's piled with what looks like enough still steaming food to feed a small army. Or maybe just Steve and one other person.  Steve sets about piling pillows against the headboard and sitting up, making sure to leave an obvious open space next to himself for Tony to occupy. This proves fruitful, as Tony sets the tray down partially over Steve's legs, and then slips up against his side, setting his chin on Steve's shoulder and resting there.
“Shh honey, I've got you, just relax.” He moans, nails scratching down Steve's chest in zinging lines of sensation “Beloved, oh that's so nice.” Tony's voice is a throaty purr, dropping off into a sigh as Steve finally bottoms out inside him. He rests there for a moment, still everywhere save for the rippling clutch of his body as it adjusts. His cock has gone a little soft, but it's still dark, flushed and dripping a thin stream of pearly white precome onto Steve's abdomen. Tony smiles, clearly noticing where Steve is looking, and wraps a hand around himself, giving his dick a slow indulgent stroke that makes him clench around Steve with pleasure.
Steve sucked in a breath.  He wondered if Tony knew what that kind of statement meant to an alpha.  Of course, he was probably an alpha himself, wasn’t he?  Maybe he didn’t mean it that way, but Steve’s body didn’t give a damn about that.  Tony in his gifts, Tony telling people the gift was from him, from Steve, thinking about him and displaying his approval, his choice.  In ancient times gifts were worn to show a person was protected, that their partner or partners would fight either for them or by their side.  Times had changed, and they weren’t in the times Before, but Steve’s body didn't’ know that.  Tony’s words made some deep and buried part of himself hum with satisfaction and hope he hadn’t felt really well, ever.  Steve was not a virgin, but with the war and his illness before, the possibility of courting, of having a special someone, that was never in the cards, not while the war raged, and then, well, he’d been frozen.  Tony made him want the impossible, reached in and woke a part of himself he’d pushed aside when he stepped into Dr. Erskine’s Packard so long ago.
“Right, Okay, time to go!” He says, pulling an about face to keep from crawling right back onto Steve's lap.
“Sir I am not ill, I merely thought it wise to reorganize some of your lower priority meetings as it seems you have other plans, and I detected unusually high levels of exhaustion last evening.” Tony gapes at his mirror, but then snaps his mouth shut because it's really not a becoming look to see on his own face.
Tony practically liquifies against the sheets. Steve's big hands are on him, pushing at the muscles along his spine, slippery and sweet smelling with Tony's favorite lotion. He's whispering soft words as he works, kneading at Tony's biceps, wrapping his hands around his elbow and drawing them upward, then repeating that on his other arm. Tony groans in appreciation when those touches sweep down again, and Tony raises his hips so Steve can peel the lightweight blue pajama pants down his legs. Steve tugs them off carefully, hand kneading, pressing against his thighs as he does so, then down until he's dropping a ring of kisses around first his right ankle, then the left. Tony sighs, the sound loud in the quiet of the room. Steve tosses the pants off somewhere. Tony hears a quiet thump as they hit the floor, but he doesn't care.
