A group of seagulls suddenly landed in front of them, loudly disagreeing on something, before disappearing in different directions.
Sherrinford’s exhibition opened the week before Christmas, at the art gallery where Janine worked. Another artist had broken their contract and Janine had only been too glad when Sherlock had called with his suggestion the very next day.
“No, not now,” John replied quietly into his neck. “Maybe later sometime, and only if you really want to, but not now.” He pulled back to look at Sherlock. “I think we were going a bit too far with our wanting to make up for lost time.” He smiled faintly.
“No!”
Time to track the woman down.
“God, Sherlock I don’t know, I’m honestly kind of afraid… you know, of hurting you. I wouldn’t want that.”
Sherlock alternately tapped his fingers on his armrests. He hated this phase of doing research; he was always impatient to get a proper lead that he could actually work with. It was a matter of struggling through all the inane and obvious questions that his clients had been too insipid to ask themselves.
What if he--?
His hair looked so soft.
. But
Sherlock had meanwhile texted Mycroft. “London Aquarium. Purple Gamma. SH”
Sherlock weakly reached out his hands to John. “John, you just woke up from a coma. You must have been dreaming.”
He’d once offered her one when she was having trouble sleeping and he’d been annoyed by her insomnia (during the charade that was their “relationship”), and it had worked like a charm. She knew exactly which drawer they were in and how to get to it, even in the dark. Surely it wouldn’t hurt to quietly sneak in and take one? They were bound to be fast asleep by now anyway.
Thank you so much for your kudos and lovely comments. They mean more to me than you can imagine. :)
time, in my chosen
This approach would at least save them the trouble of having to
Reluctantly, John followed her outside.
* * * * *
John felt a lump in his throat, which should have made him feel ridiculous, but it didn’t.
“Is this still okay?” he whispered.
He smiled faintly. “Well, I think we can rule both of them out as targets.”
Her previous infatuation with Sherlock had just been a silly phase that was well behind her now, and had been replaced by a remarkable friendship.
with me?” Sherlock said, vaguely realising he was paradoxically making it sound as if it was the filthiest thing he had ever heard. He had simply never for a second considered the possibility that these feelings were
A warmth filled John’s chest. Ever since Sherlock’s return, John had gotten to know such a different side to him. He wasn’t sure whether the prat had finally learned how to care, or simply learned how to
“Well, I don’t think killing me in the literal sense was really the idea,” Sherlock said. The second he had spoken, though, he looked as if he wished he hadn’t. “Anyway,” he quickly continued, although he was still speaking noticeably slower because of his chest wound, and wincing every so often, “back when I was trying to find Moran, he simply seemed to have vanished from the earth. So eventually, I just presumed he was dead, because I didn’t think he’d be able to lie low for that long. I did keep my eyes open, or so I thought, while chasing down and eliminating the rest of Moriarty’s network, but nothing on the radar conformed to the pattern of the most wanted sniper. Moran just seemed to be… gone.”
Sherlock’s smirk slowly returned to his face as his tongue casually touched his upper lip. He squinted at the horizon and asked innocently: “What do you suggest we do?”
“Ah. Yeah, okay.” John closed his mouth, which he realised had been hanging open rather ungracefully, and squinted at Sherlock. “A
him at his side, either standing by to back him up with a gun during hazardous pursuits of criminals or just emanating his calm presence while sipping tea in his old chair in 221B. John had become as essential to Sherlock as oxygen, and infinitely more dear.
How the bastard had managed to fake his own death while taking Jim’s life, they never found out. Perplexingly, though, even John Watson hadn’t seemed to know that he’d survived, seeing as he’d been walking around like an utter wreck, still deeply in mourning. Rose had told her that much at the time.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s – That’s very brave of you.”
But more than anything, he felt healed.
Once they had the posters printed and went back outside, Sherlock explained, “We can’t just hang one on her front door and leave it at that. She might notice it’s the only one, and get suspicious. We will put up one more in the same street and the rest a bit further away. We’ll start with those, so we can get a little practise.” He took a pot of wheat paste from the canvas bag on his shoulder and wiggled it in one hand. “Have you ever done this before?”
was the moment when John suddenly knew that
Then, silence. (In which Bill uttered some phrases that hardly made sense. Probably because he wasn’t real, anyway.)
But despite all the awkwardness, John only had to look at Sherlock to see that Greg was right. He was radiant and John probably looked similar himself – although seeing him like that was probably less of a shock to outsiders.
In the following days, Sherlock tried in vain to find another angle to the case, unable to deduce any plausible alternative possibilities of motive or perpetrator of the crime.
He let out a long, shaky breath.
. Just that I was some sort of agent in the past. Nothing more specific than that. And he never will, don’t worry. You know how I keep my private and professional life strictly separate.”
John was about to approach him once more, but Sherlock suddenly seemed to have remembered some Very Important Thing he needed from the cupboard in the far corner, and darted away again.
It vaguely started coming back to him then. He had only the faintest memory of ordering it and taking it with him somewhere, because he missed hearing John’s voice. To John’s therapist’s, it seemed. He’d obviously planted it there when he’d gone there to collect John for their visit to Smith.
Steve was never wrong when it came to the information he plucked off the supposedly secure highways of the internet.
She started baking a cake the minute he entered the house, because that was what she’d been planning to do, for the church’s charity fair. She did manage to cheerfully ask if he wanted tea or coffee, before starting to whisk the ingredients together, but after that, her baking meant no form of communication was possible for the next half hour, because she claimed she could only do one thing at a time; not bake a cake and have a conversation simultaneously.
John swallowed. “You still are, you know.”
“I had the strangest dream,” John whispered, sounding to Sherlock a bit like an undercover agent from a bad film passing on a secret message in code (and thus making Sherlock have to suppress a chuckle, which would only have hurt his throat anyway). “When you came back from your two-year mission, “ John went on, “and I still thought you were dead, you disguised yourself as a French waiter with a fake moustache and showed up during my proposal to Mary at The Landmark.”
He wasn’t sure what to expect this afternoon, though, once the guests arrived. He’d never really used to enjoy parties in any form or shape, until quite recently, at least. But being with John had changed his feelings about a lot of things. He found that, although he was slightly nervous about the prospect of their flat full of excited, cheery people, he was also sort of looking forward to it. A little.
Of course. He’d nicked Smith’s ruddy phone, John then realised, smiling internally. But what had he been doing with it and why? Despite not knowing, John already felt much better about this whole thing. At least there was some sort of plan, apparently, after all.
Maybe he should start putting a bit more effort into his blog again, John thought. Update more often.
“And Mycroft probably knows. He saw us together at the hospital, after all.”
As soon as his head hit the pillow, John closed his eyes and let out a long, satisfied groan.
“Still the same,” she sighed. “But then again, there’s always something to complain about at my age, it seems. Now I’ve got this terrible constipation and nausea to go with it.” She shook her head.
All he knew for certain was that he needed a pint, and fast. And first thing in the morning, he was going to solve this wretched case, by himself. At all cost did he have to avoid coming face to face with Sherlock Holmes or John Watson for the next ten years or so.
“This the right length then, sir?”
Then he sent the exact same message from Bob’s account to Violet, also deleting it from his account subsequently.
She walked back into the main bedroom, where a chilly breeze blew through the broken pane. Once more, she scanned the room for anything unusual, other than the gun left behind on the floor.
John pretended to think about that for a second, and answered, just before he burst out into giggles, “Let me just wash your cum out of my hair, and then yes, I would love to.”
“Speaking of serial killers, you know who’s my favourite?” Smith asked.
Sherlock had turned into a nervous wreck the minute he’d seen police cars outside the flat upon his returning from Wantage, and his anxiety hadn’t exactly faded when they told him what had happened.
Sherlock giggled. “Yes, definitely the best Janine. Although I personally like you better without the dress and make-up,
Was Sherrinford saying that it was not his skipping rope that had almost strangled Sherlock?
Christmas dinner consisted of canned tomato soup, which Chloe actually ate without complaining, which was nice.
Well, her goal was pretty much achieved anyway, as Sherlock would probably be miserable for the rest of his sorry life now, which had kind of been the idea.
So the good news is that the last two chapters (5 and 6) are finished and are being proofread by betas at the minute. I'm planning to post Ch.5 on Sunday or Monday and Ch.6 hopefully on New Year's Day!
John was half afraid the heart monitor would sound an alarm that would send the nurse rushing in.
Sherlock had looked at him relieved, but still clearly nervous. Not like him at all.
When he caught a glimpse of John from the corner of his eyes, Sherlock’s gut clenched. The look on John’s face was one of complete shock.
Every moment John wasn’t at work, he stayed with him, from morning till evening. At night, John slept up in his old room, with Rosie in her cot in a corner. And when he needed to go out, John either took Sherlock with him (taking Rosie for a bit of fresh air, or going shopping) or arranged for someone to stay with him (on regular workdays, during his visits to his aunt in prison, or, once, for a dentist’s appointment).
“... hospital.”
He tried not to startle Mrs. Hudson as he firmly pulled the front door closed in haste on his way out onto the street.
* * * * *
Don’t worry, the story isn’t finished yet! There will be five more chapters to round everything up. No loose ends. Not on my watch. ;)
Just when he thinks the moment couldn’t be any more perfect as he’s sliding his hands up Sherlock’s thighs, spreading them apart a bit more, Sherlock whispers something. One word.
Sherlock wasn’t aware of how loud he was being because Lestrade, Donovan, and Anderson could hear him, having to resort to putting their pillows over their heads to try and dampen the noise.  They couldn’t actually believe what they were hearing.
Sherlock stayed silent.  Didn’t blink.  Didn’t move.
“Why?”
John gulped and licked his lips. He wanted to punch Sherlock whenever he grinned like that, or maybe kiss him, he wasn’t really sure which. Then there were those damn eyes gazing at him. Hell he couldn’t even come up with an adequate colour for them because they were always changing, but at the moment they were a bright blue, thanks to that infernal purple shirt he was wearing. Sherlock smiled, he knew the effect he was having on the good doctor.
“John, you don’t…”
“Alright Sherlock,” he replied peering up at the mad man. “You have my full attention. Now tell me, what is it you would like me to do for you exactly?”
Sherlock changed her nappy and swept her down the stairs, a squeal of laughter coming from her.
“John, please I’ll do what…”
He slowly got closer and circled his finger around his hole, careful not to be too rough.  When he felt Sherlock's legs fall open further on their own and a moan rumble through Sherlock's chest, he pressed a little more, adding pressure in small increments each time he circled until he finally worked up the courage and slipped just the tip of his finger inside.
“I will do that after we finish our tea.”
..” Sherlock rasps as he sits up and claims John’s mouth, oh just like that you know that’s just how I like it and John readjusted his angle and grip on the back of the couch and rode him in more earnest now.
Now it was all over and in the course of the next two years that Sherlock had been gone, he had found out what it meant to love another person – how it could drain you, make you wish you were really dead at times, but in this case, it was the light at the end of the tunnel.  When he finished this mission, he could go home to John and resume their life together at Baker Street.  He just didn’t expect it to entail so much to get back to London.
“I certainly don’t know what you mean John and it was her idea.”
“Because then I couldn’t do this and have you actually feel it, it’s real and not a fantasy,” he purred before swirling his tongue around the head of John’s cock, stopping to pay special attention to John’s frenulum.
“I’d be happy to dear, just let me know when you’re ready to leave.”
At some point, Sherlock's hand grasped his forearm and urged him a bit faster, 'More, another, I think I'm ready for another.'  Sherlock gasped.
“No I meant closer John said as he took Sherlock’s hand and pulled him closer, “Is this ok?”
John gave up on words as Sherlock pressed back in slowly clearly fascinated by watching, which apparently was the only thing causing him to hold his restraint.  “God John, you should see this. You all laid out like this. Better than any of my all the fantasies I’ve ever had of you.”
Alright. This was harder than Sherlock was expecting. He’d been flirting (if you could call it that) with John for weeks now. He just told John flat out that he wouldn’t mind if he tied him up, what more could he do? He couldn’t go on wanting and not having. Then it occurred to him what he could do, but if he crossed this line, there was no turning back. He could lose John forever. However, he couldn’t go on living with this feeling of not knowing. He wanted so much more for him and John. He wanted everything.
“John!”
John startled, his eyes opening instantly, sitting up slightly, hand faltering.
John laid on his back and tried to even his breathing, he was rather anxious.  He wanted to reach out and touch Sherlock, but he wasn’t sure how Sherlock would react.
"Good then, let's begin," Sherlock licked hips lips then moved over and spoke with heated breath in John's ear, "I'm going to make this so good for you John, you'll be screaming for all of Baker Street to hear, well, at least Mrs. Turner’s married ones." He finished with a smirk before licking up the shell of John's ear and then kissing a trail behind it and down his neck until he ran into his first obstacle, John's jumper.
“Almost,” Sherlock hummed.  “If I could only figure a way to have John move back in.  He’s not happy in his flat, but I don’t know how to be more obvious that he and Rosie are more than welcome here.  I mean I put a cot and changing table up in his room for crying out loud and there is plenty of space here for them and I’ve even baby proofed and have been keeping things tidy.”
Sherlock drew in a sharp breath.  “Are you sure?”
“Come now, let’s sleep, you need it.”
Sherlock, now lost in pleasure, didn’t want to disappoint John, so he brought his other hand into the picture and started rubbing and tugging on his balls. John started increasing his thrusts, harder and faster now. “Yes John, Right there don’t stop, so close…”
Sherlock put the spatula down and turned around and hugged John back, “you were supposed to stay in bed so I could serve you breakfast in bed.”
Anderson and Lestrade were speechless, until Lestrade finally whispered, “Maybe we should give them some privacy.”
Then he slid all the way down onto John’s cock in one fell swoop while he pushed his first finger into John. John’s hands immediately found purchase in Sherlock’s curls and he tightened and tugged accidentally which made Sherlock moan and John swear in return as the vibrations ran through his groin.
But Sherlock had plans, he was going to tease John just as John had teased him.  He picked up the pace, pulling almost all the way off and then slamming back down hard and canting his hips ever once in a while so John’s cock brushed against his prostate and then he slowed down and John was about to ask him why and Sherlock put a finger to his lips.  “I want to try something.  I want to turn around and as I ride you, I want you to get me off.  I want you to be able to watch me as you stroke me to completion.”
“John,” Sherlock swallowed, he was pretty sure this wasn’t a good idea because of the way he felt about John but then here John was insisting they fight fire with fire.
John didn’t have to be asked twice and he didn’t mind Sherlock giving the orders for a few moments because soon enough, the tables would turn and John would take control again.  He helped Sherlock push his bottoms down his thighs and lie back on the bed so Sherlock could peel the offending item of clothing off.  As Sherlock tugged at the fabric, he peppered kisses down John’s torso, moving from spot to spot, avoiding the ticklish areas, then teasing at his waist as he finally removed the godforsaken bottoms and threw them across the room.
“John don’t stop.”
“You honestly listened to me for once, that’s not like you?  Did you think I’d turn you down or withhold attention from you because of what I said?”
“Wouldn’t dream of it Sherlock. I am capable of doing more than two things at a time, quite well I should add.” He continued staring at the screen trying to organize his thoughts. "Though maybe you should consider a hobby?"
John didn’t know where to begin.  How could Sherlock think that’s not what he wanted?  Surely he understood why John needed time; why they both needed time after everything that had happened.  John opened his mouth to speak then shut it again.  He needed to think about the best place to start before he made things worse.  He decided to play it safe, “drink your tea and eat your toast and then we will talk.”
He stood up and turned to go down to Mrs. Hudson’s when he saw his journal.  “So that where I left it.”
“What do you think it means John? Surely I should not have to spell it out for you. I. WANT. YOU.”
And those two words were enough to spur him on and do what John thought to be an impossible task because most of his partners gave up before they even got halfway like Sherlock did on his first go.
John smiled, “Yes I did, I guess it’s catching up with me, all the running around and back and forth.  I haven’t done that in quite some time.  It was nice.”  It was something he’d only admit to Sherlock.  “I think I’ll make some tea, would you like a cuppa?”
“No John don’t stop.  Please.”
John ran his fingers gently up Sherlock’s back and into his curls causing the most delicious moan as John tugged on his hair to pull him close for a kiss, tilting his head and slotting their lips together.  Sherlock licked and nipped at the John’s bottom lip until he parted his lips allowing Sherlock entrance into his mouth.  They kept this rhythm for what seemed like ages and soon enough Sherlock began to rock faster causing John began to moan louder.  He canted his hips and began to brush over his prostate.
At least he and Sherlock had already proven they could live together. John had had all the surprises there were to have – from heads in the fridge to indoor shooting exercises – although the thing with Sherlock was, of course, that he kept astonishing you in new ways all the time. But perhaps that was why John had fallen in love with him in the first place.
John made Sherlock sit on the couch and put both hands on his shoulders, telling him to take some deep breaths. “Tomorrow’s the audition,” John said quietly. “And Harry is coming over in less than two hours. Let’s not waste any energy on finding other ways to catch her until after, alright? The Yard are already doing all they can.” John pointedly ignored Sherlock’s eye roll at that. “Now, would you like a cup of tea, my love?”
Jim had put away the newspaper he’d been browsing and leaned on his elbows to look her in the eye. “I need you to seduce the blogger. To complete my little project of Burning The Heart Out Of Sherlock, who is so very clearly, very
Or was it?
“He’s awake,” Sherlock said to her. His voice sounded very unlike him; a mix of emotions. Relief, hurt, fear. Disbelief?
Eurus took off her clothes and washed herself with the cold water in the tiny makeshift kitchen of one of her safehouses.
. He focuses on getting Sherlock’s trousers down and rolling on a condom, without a trace of hesitation. He’s seen it being done enough to know how to proceed. He’s felt each sort of touch and stroke enough to know the effect.
In a few swift movements, he takes off his shirt and throws it over the back of his armchair, still standing at the tap. He briefly closes his eyes.
As she continued talking, her accent slipped slightly, sometimes sounding German and sometimes veering more towards an English accent. “Did Sherlock ever tell you about the note? I added some deductions for Sherlock.” She put the door key onto the side table, then dropped her glasses onto it as well. “He was... quite good. But... he didn’t get the big one.”
The sun shone brightly in the September afternoon, as she walked to 221B from the tube station. She was even sweating a little by the time she arrived. When she rang the bell, it took a while before Sherlock appeared downstairs.
“Rest assured that she’s an excellent multitasker. In her hands, Rosamund Watson is definitely safe from ‘The East Wind’.”
He caught Sherlock staring at them as well, and he wondered what he was thinking.
“Oh, yeah, I can imagine. That’s really annoying,” Eurus had said, internally bewildered. She had considered to get up and leave. But she’d wanted to know about Watson. “And how are things with… John?”
the MI5 agent?”
* * * * *
“There is no medication that can save me, John.” She put one hand over his much younger and stronger one. “I’ve lived a nice life. I wanted to give you that same opportunity. And thanks to you, I get to end it with a little excitement, too!”
John giggled. Then they both giggled together.
Then Sherlock lifted the covers for him and helped him into bed.
, he reminded himself.
The combination of focusing entirely on John to monitor his reactions and the simultaneous avalanche of sensations in his own prick, made him feel
, her youngest had landed on earth and found a nest of his own.
Obviously he’d never done anything like this with another man before either. Maybe he was worried that it wasn’t going to be as good as with a woman. Sherlock could only hope his preparations would prove to be enough in order for him not to disappoint John.
“Put one of your men at the door of Sherlock’s room, as I’m willing to bet a good amount of money on it that he’ll be Smith’s next target. And look into
Ten minutes later, he had successfully hacked Violet’s mailbox, using a trick he’d recently asked a programmer to teach him in exchange for verifying his alibi in a murder case. Then he typed an e-mail from her account to Bob.
As they brushed their teeth together, Sherlock looked at John in the mirror. He seemed tired but content. He’d presumably read some interesting articles that had been worth his time, Sherlock thought. John finished before Sherlock did and disappeared back into the bedroom. By the time Sherlock went back in there as well, John was already in bed, sitting up against the headboard. Sherlock decided he would just get undressed and see what happened.
Suddenly, everything felt simple again. John was here and hugging him back. Soon, their mouths found each other and a minute later, they were passionately kissing, snogging properly for the first time and pressing their bodies together without restraint.
On occasion, the bastard even reminded him to be a ‘good boy’ during…
This was it. They were about to go to his bedroom and do it, Sherlock knew. He felt a strange calmness descend over him and he gently took hold of John’s hand. “Come on,” he whispered.
Some time after the cleaning staff had finished their rounds and rolled their noisy trolleys into other corridors, Sherlock heard another set of unfamiliar footsteps approaching from the hallway.
That bastard had better not lay a finger on him before she was finished with him.
But none of that had ever been malice.
And then there was Rosie, of course. Fifty percent of Mary’s DNA. Fifty percent of her bloody name. Would she turn out like her, when she grew up? With hardly any conscience or sense of accountability? No compassion to speak of? He could only pray to God she didn’t. He would have to raise her, all by himself, to be a good person, somehow. How on earth he was ever going to manage that, he had no idea.
“Sorry? What? What are you talking about?”
In Sherlock’s palm lay a shiny, dark bead.
“Come here.”
So I actually finished writing the first draft of this chapter during last August’s Fic Writers’ Retreat in Canada. Such fond memories!
Warning: with beautiful but very nsfw images by sherlockedart, used with their permission.
Random thoughts and memories kept popping into his head, like the cyclists’ traffic sign he’d seen earlier that day that had been turned into a funny cartoon. Or the old tale of the Merchant in Samarra. Or less random thoughts, like the things Vivian Norbury had told them about the atrocities Mary (Rosamund) had committed in Georgia.
“Did it, now?” John said, smiling to himself.
Jimmy.
Within seconds, Sherlock had caught his arm. “No, John, wait.
The sofa was comfortable enough, but Janine was simply too outraged at the moron who’d robbed her (of not only her purse and all her cards, but of her phone – her phone!) to be able to fall asleep.
Sherlock hadn’t planned to tell him. Not really. The idea had occasionally crossed his mind, but had been dismissed each time without too much thought. There simply hadn’t appeared to be any point in informing him. But yesterday, it had suddenly seemed like the logical thing to do. Sherlock didn’t want John to make incorrect assumptions whenever Sherlock felt awkward during their lovemaking, which was bound to happen more often. John might think he did something wrong, when he didn’t, or that Sherlock didn’t want him, which he did. And weren’t relationships all about being open and honest?
Sorry it took me so long! I’m planning to post the next eleven chapters once or twice a week during the next two months; as soon as I finish the final editing on each one. Hope you enjoy.
Without much enthusiasm, the earl nodded and stood.
He wondered if John would be alright.
was interested?” Sherlock scoffed. “I was, you know,” he said softly. “The whole time.” His voice reduced to a whisper. “But I never allowed myself to even
“You’re rather good at this.” He took off his jacket. “Before we start, tell me how you feel.” He reached to the shirt cuff on his left hand and took out the cufflink.
At those last words, Sherlock had at least been quick enough to dodge the bullet fired his way – and through a stroke of luck, he’d apparently stumbled in such a manner that the man thought he’d been hit.
He must have been able to tell that Sherlock was only staring at him, obviously more than a little love-struck, and not really listening, for he added, “Or would you perhaps like a kiss for starters?”
“Yeah, fine,” John nodded, shame and guilt crawling over his skin for his stupid obsession with penetration, as he tried to smile and ignore his disappointment and frustration.
Once they were inside his room, Sherlock took the initiative to go in for another kiss while simultaneously undoing first John’s fly, and then his own. They stepped apart for a moment to take off trousers, shoes and socks, both breathing as if they’d just chased a murder suspect across London.
Sherlock tried to focus on this Faith. She looked... decidedly different, although he could not put his finger on what made him sure it wasn’t her. He screwed his eyes shut.
Then the light flashed again and Eric came to tell them that visiting hours were over.
John had avoided talking about the case until now. But he apparently deemed Sherlock better enough, now that he was home, to talk about such things again. And Sherlock probably did owe him an explanation.
their ways made no sense, and how indeed his parents were the ones who were different from the rest of the world, and not so much he himself.
, a fungus that grows on wood, its name meaning ‘making tears’. Also known as dry rot. Sherlock took a snapshot while continuing to project his light beam from the side, not that Lee and his morons would likely be very interested.
, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s head jerked back in his direction.
John was a miracle.
At least the fruitless nervousness that Sherlock had had about him the previous day was now transformed into a more focused energy. “First, I want to go back to the grove of trees behind the school, where Arthur was told to meet his mum,” he said. “Then I’ll have a word with the caretaker. And maybe talk to some kids. They probably know more than the police do, by this point.”
It would just be a matter of time.
John blinked, frowning, no longer really trying to keep up. The energy from the food had not quite reached his brain yet.
the way it was.
“Yes.”
She made it sound like it was a present.
So he did.
John briefly tried to think of any good reason why he should still keep postponing this and found none. So he put his hands on Sherlock’s sides and gently pushed him downwards, motioning for him to lift his knees from the mattress, one by one, so that John could spread his legs around Sherlock’s and Sherlock ended up between his thighs.
“Morning, handsome,” John whispered.
“Well,” Sherlock said pensively, “I think I’ve simply never forgiven him for the way he used to continually behave as a sort of third parent when I was little, rather than an ally. Always telling me I should act differently from the way I did, pointing out my every mistake. Rather than being on my side, as siblings are supposed to be – in disagreements with their parents, or with other children – he was always condescendingly telling me I simply shouldn’t have shown any emotions and then there wouldn’t have been so much trouble. I wouldn’t have upset our parents. The other children wouldn’t have bullied me. As if I just had myself to blame, always. Or, alternatively, I shouldn’t have actually
Sherlock had been surprisingly good with the infant, giving her her bottle or playing with her when John had fallen asleep on the sofa from sheer exhaustion.
John’s eyes had just started to fall closed as he was drifting off into sleep, when the sound of Sherlock’s voice, serious and concerned, startled him back to full consciousness.
Time seemed to slow down to a crawl, as nameless people scurried around John’s still form.
“Distract me?” John spat. And then, “Sherlock?”
“You can say that again,” John huffed.
Not long afterwards, Smith was behind a breakfast bar, smiling to one of the cameras. Sherlock stood several metres away with his hands in his pockets, watching him.
So they asked, constantly; even though the answer was almost always ‘yes’. Or even, quite often,
The taxi ride to Hounslow was about as embarrassing as John had imagined it would be. The driver kept throwing amused glances at them in the rear view mirror, while Sherlock was busy on his phone as if nothing was out of the ordinary.
Just then, Sherlock’s voice broke the silence. “I think I’m done practising, John,” he breathed, decidedly flirtatious now. “Would you like to have a go?”
“Precisely my thought. Not yet sure how, though.” Sherlock chewed his lip. “There’s only one option I managed to come up with so far.”
Meanwhile, his cock had become so hard under John’s mouth that it ached and Sherlock was starting to become rather desperate himself. An unfamiliar sensation, and he was not sure whether it was in fact unpleasant or not.
What he wouldn’t give to stroke that soft fur again.
EDIT 25 October 2019: Yeah, it's 40 now. (See notes at the bottom of previous chapter.) *wipes away tears*
Sherlock tried not to smile like a fool at this, then abandoned the attempt and raised his hand to summon the waiter.
“Looks to me like that ring needs replacing,” one said.
Sherlock had to admit it was true that the smell of freshly baked bread did make it feel extra special, somehow – and not only for the anticipation it created of eating the end product itself. Either way, he had decided it was a welcome new tradition.
Technically, he hadn’t yet decided whether he was going to use it, per se. But there was great comfort in knowing that he
* * * * *
Sherlock stared up at the man pressing him down, still trying to fight him off, but lacking the force. He didn’t even know what he was fighting anymore, or why.
Looking around, Sherlock spotted several tins of formula stacked on top of each other on the kitchen worktop. A packet with 54 nappies stood in a corner, unopened.
Then a slow motion replay of the signs that had been used, with pictographs explaining their meanings. After that, another scene, of someone asking a train conductor for directions at a train station in BSL. Then someone ordering a cup of coffee.
emotional context, then?” he asked, gesturing to all of her outfit. As a means of intimidation, he casually took one bit of fabric of her bright green sleeve between his thumb and index finger, and raised his eyebrows questioningly. He then went so far as to touch the bottom hem of her shirt in the same fashion as well, feigning disapproval of her choice of clothing.
“Where’s Rosie?” John suddenly panicked. “She needs to be picked up from nursery!”
Taking a deep breath, he turned away, grabbing his phone to check his e-mail and unwind a bit before trying to go to sleep.
“Alright. Take-away?” John smiled.
It said:
She walked over to where the client’s chair was facing the fireplace and sat down. “I can’t remember. I can’t remember who my father wanted to kill…” She looked down at her hands on top of her cane. “And I don’t know if he ever did it.”
John had woken up and he seemed fine. No signs of brain damage at first glance, at least.
been intrigued. What Sherlock
He sounded as if he were merely playfully trying to avoid using the word ‘masturbating’.
Yes, he was.
“Same! I’m so glad to be here,” she replied cheerfully, though not entirely convincingly.
, I’m afraid, by asking about it. And no, they won’t hire another nanny, as both of them are quite capable of looking after a baby, now that John has recovered from his hospitalisation and also seeing as they are no longer in mortal danger from any criminal mastermind’s revengeful siblings. Hannah was primarily a secret agent, after all, and not really a nanny to begin with.”
John was still stupefied by the bomb Sherlock had dropped on him by mentioning that both his parents most likely had autism. In the past, John had sometimes half-seriously considered whether Sherlock himself might be on the spectrum, but he’d always concluded that he wasn’t really, no matter how hard he tried to come across as an uncaring machine. However, since the other day, the whole conundrum had taken on an entirely new perspective, with Sherlock turning out to have very likely been imprinted by autistic parents to be this way, when he really wasn’t, deep down.
“Thank you.”
Sherlock kissed him back just as frantically. Then he rolled over on top of John, pushing him into the mattress with his full weight as he continued to lick needily into John’s mouth. After a while, when they were quite out of breath, Sherlock sat up and straddled John, trapping John’s prick between his arse cheeks. He then began to teasingly undulate his hips.
“Yes, that is one option.”
Once she was done being astonished by it all, and decided to focus on where they were heading, it suddenly occurred to her that she was about to meet the people she’d once hoped would become her in-laws. She shook her head, grinning momentarily. That had been a long time ago, when a handsome pair of cheekbones and some straining shirt buttons had been all that was needed to set her heart on fire. She’d since long realised that both Sherlock and herself could only be happy with a very different kind of person. In her case, she was hoping she might soon arrange a second date with a certain detective inspector. And as for Sherlock… well… she could only hope that John would soon wake up from the coma he was in.
Smith walked across the room to the woman. “Sherlock Holmes!” he said to her. “Surely you recognise him.”
Once in the bedroom, he gratefully collapsed onto the mattress, his mind almost instantly slipping into oblivion.
Probably his way of saying his daughter had wet her bed or something.
how it was. Was it… okay for you?”
“John!” It was Greg Lestrade, standing in the far corner of the entrance alcove, fag between his fingers.
* * * * *
He’d wearily plonked himself down in his chair back at Baker Street, but hadn’t so much as taken his shoes off before he heard Mrs Hudson’s footsteps on the stairs.
“I’m not one of the...” Sherlock said hesitantly. “I-I don’t work here.”
Stepping back into the sitting room, John simply announced to him, “Come one. We’re going out.”
By the time the last aspiring Prince Hamlet had finished, Sherlock thought he could recite the entire soliloquy by heart himself.
Could it somehow have been
“Other than yourself?” Sherlock asked. It seemed that for every minute he spent in the man’s presence, Sherlock’s repulsion for him grew. Such a classic example of a creep craving an audience. But now was not the time for emotions or opinions.
“I woke up.”
First, he called John, who’d stayed at home with Rosie and Hannah (and two AFO’s from the Armed Operations Unit).
“Oh, beautiful, perfect, unprecedented in the history of children.” He smiled. “That’s not my bias; that’s scientific fact,” he said, nodding. It’s what Sherlock had said. And he agreed.
“Sherlock, stop thinking.”
“John, can I--”
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, why not, Mrs Hudson.”
“Gracious of you, to spare me further defeat,” his landlady said with a long-suffering smile. “I’m just going to have another go at my crossword, then.”
“What are you planning?” John asked. “I know that look.”
This certainly explained a lot.
For once, they were not travelling for a case. They were on holiday. John had managed to blackmail Sherlock into it by threatening to no longer have sex with him if he wouldn’t come.
Which he did.
Next up, the last part, PART FOUR: THE LOST SPECIAL!
to break the dull baby preparation routine.” She’d mock-despairingly rolled her eyes.
He shook his head in amazement. “Remarkable.”
“Oh! Alright. Yes. Of course. Excellent. I gathered as much, of course. I just-- Never mind.”
Sherlock looked up to see his brother standing in the doorway. “Laser surgery?” Sherlock repeated.
Sherlock gave a relieved huff, looking at John with an eager expression, as if he had just conducted an especially successful experiment. Who knew, maybe that was what this was to him. At least this was the kind of adventurousness John would not soon complain about.
“I noticed.” Sherlock curled his lips inwards to hide a smile as he looked at the man who had decided completely out of the blue to kiss him not twelve hours ago. He was real and he was here.
Sherlock tore his eyes away from the couple to look at John. Did he disapprove? Or was he just joking? No, he was decidedly beaming and Sherlock bit his lips to hide a smile.
Sherlock froze on the spot, his heart hammering in his chest.
He had no idea whether Sherlock had ever been intimate with another man (or with a woman, other than for a case, that is), although, judging by his funny behaviour at the beginning of the evening, he quite possibly hadn’t. But John was sure they would figure out a way to cross that bridge when they got there. And he had the impression that Sherlock wouldn’t mind taking the scenic route either.
“Is this really what you want?” he asked again. “Right now?”
Sorry guys, because of even more crazy (and sad) stuff going on in my life at the moment, there is only one update this month. :(
“Deal.”
, were now finally true.
Seeing Rosie gave him a pang of sadness, that made him realise he’d missed her, too. Such an amazingly beautiful little creature, and so clearly John’s daughter already. He fleetingly considered asking to hold her, before deciding against it.
“Wow, we actually did it,” he whispered.
One evening, Sherlock persuaded John they go to a local ballet in a bigger town nearby. The performance turned out to be of considerably higher proficiency than they’d dared hope, despite it being an amateur company. Both Sherlock and Rosie were mesmerised. John thought he even detected a subtle change in the way both of them moved afterwards, and smiled inwardly.
He looked at Sherlock with an earnest frown. “Promise to tell me if it hurts, or if you just want me out, okay? Just tell me.”
Sherlock kicked himself for not having thought of this before.
“Well, nothing exciting. Just the morgue, I’m afraid.”
Sherlock had deliberately chosen a posh restaurant that was virtually deserted at 10 am to meet up with Mycroft, while John was busy at home with the practicalities of Aunt Viv’s burial.
“I was still contemplating my answer to him,” Sherlock continued pleasantly. “Although, quite possibly, that is now no longer necessary.”
“Could you perhaps start by telling us a bit more about your wife, Edith?”
John had been a total wreck by the time Sherlock regained his freedom and was safely back at Baker Street. John had caught such a bad flu – likely from a combination of stress, sleep deprivation and heavier drinking than he cared to admit – that he’d lain on the sofa at 221B under a blanket, shivering, as Sherlock sat in front of the fire, calmly recounting the D-notice meeting to John in his soothing baritone voice, while eating ginger nuts.
No prompting needed at all, this time. There was convincing worry in her eyes, which truthfully matched the words she was speaking. It was as if she’d refuelled and become a different version of herself during her break.
“Or with another person? Ever?”
Wait. Why in Heaven’s name was she implying that she was Sherlock’s sister? That was just absurd. He had no sister, just two brothers. One of whom he’d never mentioned to John. For reasons.
. Sherlock really, really wanted to be there for not just John, but also Chloe.
He pretty much nodded to everything Mummy said that afternoon, only once or twice taking the trouble to contradict her. He was tired. And one of his cerebral hemispheres was entirely occupied running a Mind Palace simulation of his and John’s third weekend together, last April, spent mostly cuddled up together on the sofa, with dinner at Angelo’s two evenings in a row. He had to make sure he’d never allow that memory to fade, which could be achieved by frequently and elaborately recreating it in his head.
John let his head hang down for a second.
Sherlock tried to continue to kiss him, but John retracted his head and said, “Well, promise me again. Please.” And then, very quietly, “I need to hear it again.”
Harry was sitting on his other side and seemed to still be in the first stage of grief, appearing quite unable to believe and accept that their aunt had really passed away. Her eyes were wide but dry throughout the service.
“Your sister,” John sneered.
Sherlock didn’t drop his cheery act until they were well inside a cab (again, almost giving the cabbie a heart attack when Sherlock’s true gender became clear as soon as he opened his mouth to speak). “Nothing, again,” Sherlock spat.  “None of them seems to have had either motive or opportunity. Nor could any of them shed any new light on the case whatsoever.” He sighed.
John was just sliding a fried egg onto his plate. When he saw Sherlock, he beamed at him, spatula in hand. “Good morning, handsome,” he said, apparently trying to sound casual. “Would you like some toast, or coffee? Or fried eggs, if you happen to have started liking those in my absence?” And with a cheeky grin, “Or if you reserve those for after-sex only?”
Sherlock briefly opened his eyes to see John had crawled back towards him and was now tentatively touching himself as he lay on his side next to Sherlock.
(And almost exclusively related to sex, now that he came to think of it.)
She missed her brother so much. She missed both of them, but
She had her arms folded on top of her car’s roof, her head lowered onto them, and she was crying.
There was silence on the other end of the line.
And now Mary was gone.
* * * * *
John stared into his wine glass, eyes wide, his mind reeling, then took a large gulp.
Chortling, Sherlock headed for the bathroom, where he took some of Hannah’s face cleansing wipes that she’d told him he could use afterwards.
* * * * *
And possibly worst of all, Sherlock felt a desire for the certainty that John would stay.
“Acceptable,” Sherlock said. And then, “Thank you.”
“Thank you. And in turn, I apologise for talking about you and John to our parents. I do understand now that I really shouldn’t have, as you didn’t want them to know just yet. I hadn’t realised.”
“Than who?” He was confused. Lost.
Sherlock easily let his legs fall open as John caressed the intricate pattern, grinning like a complete idiot. He just couldn’t get over how beautiful Sherlock looked like this, the golden fabric of his dress glistening as it rippled with every small movement, Sherlock’s long eyelashes slowly moving up and down with every blink, while Sherlock seemed completely at ease with himself, and totally unafraid. There was something so shockingly pure about him like this, that it almost made John afraid to touch him. At the same time, he wanted nothing more in this moment than to make love to him, to drive into that gorgeous body until he emptied himself into his pretty arse.
“That won’t be a problem John, as far as I’m concerned we can start packing your stuff tomorrow and moving you back home.  I miss having you here, it feels empty without you in the flat.”
“Well start with what’s on your mind.  What you’ve been sitting here thinking about.”
“It’s been such a long time for me.” Sherlock bowed his head and said almost too quietly for John to hear.
“Please John, please touch me.”
Sherlock announced he’d have his usual and John optioned for the shrimp alfredo, he felt like a change tonight.”
John moved his fingers to Sherlock’s chin and gently tilted his head so that he could look into those beautiful eyes. He was unprepared for what he encountered. Sherlock’s eyes were rimmed red with a few tears that streaked his cheeks.
“I want you to ride me.  I want to watch your face as you have me pinned on the seat taking what you want until I’m ready to take control back. You know the rules though, only I get to touch your cock.”
He returned quickly with the candle and the rest of the dinner went beautifully, until dessert.  They had taken their time, spent hours talking about everything, things they’d never discussed before, well John had done most of the talking, but it didn’t matter, it was perfect.  There was just one thing that John had wanted to ask, he’d been waiting for the perfect moment and it seemed that it was after Angelo had delivered the tiramisu and disappeared.  The restaurant had thinned, as most people had left to go to New Year’s Eve parties and the such and it was just John and Sherlock and one other couple left who had begun to get ready to depart.  Now seemed like the perfect time.
John started, “You look very handsome tonight Sherlock.”
Rosie had been sleeping about an hour and John about the same length of time and Sherlock was still no closer to an answer on how to bring John home.  Just then, Mrs. Hudson popped her head in the flat and took survey of the situation.  She quietly made her way to the kitchen to join Sherlock.
John let Miss Whitson know that they were all cleared out and she said she’d take the pictures and get the listing ready.
Sherlock was surprised, he did want to read, but somehow it still felt wrong even with John’s permission.  “I don’t know John, I’ve respected your privacy and I think it would just be easier to communicate openly from now on.  I will consider it, but it doesn’t matter now.  I think it’s better I hear it out loud from you, besides, you conveyed your feelings quite loud and clearly for now.”
“I’m impressed,” John grinned, “but we really need to talk.  You know at one point I did blame you for everything but then I realized it was just as much my fault.  I’m not mad at you, you were just doing what you thought would make me happy.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened in disbelief and John was afraid he had ruined the moment until Sherlock kissed him again and murmured, "As do I."
“During the summers when we were growing up, mummy always sent us to different camps and one year it was a wilderness camp.  Can you imagine being stuck in a tent with Mycroft for three weeks, it was dreadful. Oh and I hope you don’t mind sharing the tent.”
John nearly dropped his cup of tea, but somehow luckily sat it and himself down before falling over at Sherlock’s admission.  He took a breath and began, “It doesn’t only lie with you Sherlock, it lies with me too.  I did and said some pretty awful things to you after Mary’s death and I’ve never apologised and here you are willing to overlook and take me back without a second thought about what happened.”
“Thanks Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock remarked as he bounded back up the stairs.
John turned and looked at him quizzically, ‘you know, if you want, you can go back to inspecting your slides or whatever it was you were doing before I came back to the flat.”
John hates cases like these.  The ones that drag on for weeks, making Sherlock distant from him.  And it’s not about the sex, it never was.  He misses Sherlock’s outbursts when he’s bored, inane texts while John’s at the clinic and Sherlock can’t think of an experiment to occupy himself, it’s the little things like this.  It’s just since they became lovers, John misses Sherlock’s touch, yearns for it.  He would be a fool not to.  John just gets lonely, and it’s ok, but sometimes he wishes Sherlock could just spare him fifteen minutes, but he promised he wouldn’t distract Sherlock from the work.
“Oh John, fuck John, I’m almost there. Just a little more and John began to lick at his neck all the way up to his ear and began to whisper into his ear.  “My gorgeous detective I know you need to come.  Do it for me, I want to see you cover your stomach and my hand with your come.”
"That is a very amenable idea," John answered raggedly.
“I hate to be the early bird, but I need sleep after today and I have a shift at the clinic tomorrow.”
“John, nothing will happen before the time is right.  If we end up in each other’s arms for comfort so be it, but nothing else will happen until you and I are both ready to take that step.  I give you my word.”
The more Sherlock begged, the harder John became. He was going to make this last as long as he could. They had both waited for this for so long and he’d be damned if it was going to be over in the blink of an eye. Besides, he had to admit, he kind of liked the fact that he could make the 'Great' Sherlock Holmes beg.
Leave it to Sherlock to know when there was something pressing on John’s mind.  He picked his cup of tea up and headed towards their chairs.  “Come on, we may as well start to discuss it now, but it’s not all going to be resolved in one evening.”
About half an hour later as Sherlock was examining a slide, he heard Rosie begin to stir.  He looked up and saw that John was still asleep and hurried quietly up the stairs to get her before she woke John, only he forgot to turn the monitor off.  He found her standing in her cot holding onto the side and her favourite bee blanket, softly babbling to herself.
as always kudos and comments are well received :)
Sherlock was already half asleep with a smile on his face and John had never seen Sherlock looking so relaxed.  He gently wiped Sherlock down as he had already done so in the loo and disposed of the dirty flannels in the hamper.  He came back and crawled in bed to the side closest to the door because Sherlock was already sprawled in the middle of the bed and part of the other side.  John crawled softly onto the bed and snuggled up next to Sherlock who moved to his side, back to John allowing John to tuck up close and wrap his arm around Sherlock’s waist and intertwine their legs.  A few moments later they were both asleep.
Sherlock picked up his glass and took a deep pull trying not to choke on it, it seemed somehow John was on to him and then he remembered the monitor and how John appeared to be sleeping when he came down with Rosie.  The man who is always first to notice Rosie stirring over the monitor.  He must have heard their entire conversation.
“Oh you very sneaky man.  Why would you where such intimate pants as these in the woods?”
“Good.  So listen, I was thinking that since your birthday is only a few days from now we could…”
He of course had it solved before John had even left the flat for work but he had more important things to think about. His mind had travelled back to a conversation he and John had had a few weeks back, about spicing up their sex life with toys.  Sherlock of course had done extensive research on all the different choices there were and decided on a set of anal beads that as fate would have it, were the same colour of the missing jewel.  It also happened that he had ordered a set of said beads and the recommended lube that went with them and since he had several hours to entertain himself, he thought he may as well give the new toy a try.  He was rather curious to see how it worked.
John found a real estate agent and put his house on the market.
The reason Sherlock had wanted to come back here was to get a good look at the part of the building where he’d lost James. It had been easy enough to deduce that that corridor must be located below the one that Arthur’s room was in, so the best approach seemed to simply ask to see his room again and then find an excuse to walk back via the lower corridor.
Her heart melted. He’d remembered her mentioning that she did crochet. “Oh John, that is so kind of you.”
Sherlock was about to tell her to stop it, but realised just in time that it would only achieve the complete opposite.
John chuckled, which he regretted instantly, as it hurt his throat. “I might have watched one too many horror and Bond films lately.”
He’d spent the night staring at John in the faint light of his bed lamp, as he was sleeping right next to him. Lying in
“Hm.”
“Indeed.”
For the strangely similar case of the other Six Thatchers, see this link to the BBC’s official website of John’s blog:
“Listen,” John said flatly, “I won’t be able to enjoy this if I’m not absolutely sure that it’s not hurting you and the only way to be certain is if you promise to
Rose had obviously only been too happy to oblige, seeing as she’d been going on about Watson’s cuteness ever since the standoff with Jim at the Pool (where she’d been assigned to keep John in her crosshairs the whole time, so she’d had a great opportunity to unabashedly check him out for over an hour straight).
John swallowed, his mouth suddenly inexplicably dry. “Yeah, well, maybe you were right about my terribly risky incorrect judgement, though.” He had smiled wryly, because he was glad Sherlock had finally shown some genuine remorse, at least. And to be fair, the situation he’d gotten himself in was so absurd it was almost funny – if you didn’t think about it too hard. He’d let himself be seduced by one of Moriarty’s sodding minions, of all people; fooled by her sexy smile, her clever sense of humour and her unspoken promise of a normal life. Just because she was, well, a woman.
It turned out to be the former.
“Remarkably cute.” John blushed, not caring that he did. He looked Sherlock in the eye, but Sherlock only held his gaze for a second, before he focused shyly on his scone again.
He had tried meaningful looks, casual remarks, intimate touches even. Oh, Sherlock had responded, with similar – ambiguous – looks, remarks and even touches.
Sherlock frowned.
“Another agent just arrived at her nursery to stand watch until the end of this afternoon,” Mycroft went on. “I think Ms Hooper is probably the most suitable candidate to request to go over and pick up the child and take her to her temporary address, if I’ve assumed correctly. Could you call her to ask this favour of her?”
good at it, after all.
An extra dimension to anal sex was revealed to John only later that month. One morning, John was pleasantly surprised to wake up being the little spoon for a change. He felt Sherlock’s erection pressing against his bottom, even though his lover was still fast asleep. Within minutes, John felt his own cock strain against his pants, and he reached down one hand to press it over his bulge. He also involuntarily pushed his bottom back against Sherlock, revelling in the feeling of Sherlock’s cock perfectly slotting in between his arse cheeks. He was still amazed at how wonderfully sensitive that area had turned out to be, once he’d allowed himself to be touched there. He subtly slid back and forth as he crudely stroked himself through his pants.
“Sherlock, what is your plan, exactly?” John sounded slightly worried. “Are you sure they are going to be... happy, with whatever you’ve got in store for them?”
It had all started such a long time ago, when her brother had decided to poison that annoying little shit, Carl Powers. Or well, maybe it hadn’t really started until one Sherlock Busybody Holmes had begun to poke his nose into things he had no business poking his nose in.
The following morning, after eating another four bowls of Cheerios, John decided to open his laptop to see if Sherlock had posted anything on his Twitter recently.
will no longer be followed around on the streets, which is why you came to me in the first place.” From the periphery of his vision, he noticed Bob’s eyes grow to twice their size.
Sherlock let out an embarrassing noise when he felt a soft, warm tongue on his glans.
Sherlock moved about restlessly while he talked, repeatedly appearing about to pick one thing up but then turning back to another, and pointing at random patches of air of which only he knew what thought they represented. He always did when his brain was in overdrive, in the middle of a case that had not yet presented its vital clue.
“But that’s how we always do it.” John smiled, a bit shy. “I would just like to try it this way once, wouldn’t you?”
“Emotional context, eh?” Sherlock said, stepping even closer to her. “Tell me, what is
This is how John found himself being pushed back into Sherlock’s armchair as soon as he strolled into the living room that Friday morning, whereupon Sherlock climbed into his lap and rode him absolutely senseless until he was properly blissed out. Unable to so much as move a muscle during the next couple of minutes, he let Sherlock take care of himself – which he did quickly and efficiently – after which John was taken by the hand and guided to a lovely, warm bath waiting for them in the bathroom.
“No, I wouldn’t dare, naturally.”
Sherlock effortlessly rolls on the condom, before looking up coyly at John one more time, as if checking for any last objections. When none manage to leave John’s mouth, Sherlock parts his lips… and goes for it.
. His brilliant
No, this was real. Sherlock could practically feel small bruises forming where John’s fingers were frantically grazing for grip on his back. Sherlock’s mouth meanwhile was kissing John back seemingly by its own volition, bypassing his brain, led as on auto-pilot by his numerous repetitive dreams of doing just this.
. As had John bloody Watson. Their lives were just as dull and empty and uninteresting as everybody else’s. To think that Eurus had once envied Sherlock. Had wished he were part of Sherlock’s family.
He and Eurus looked at each other for a short moment, Sherlock enjoying the obvious shock and loathing in her eyes.
He half lifted himself to look at Sherlock.
Sherlock had taken the risk of losing all this by allowing it to happen.
As soon as Sherlock had hit ‘send’, he quickly deleted both messages from Violet’s account.
“You,” John said, hiding a wide grin by looking down as he shook his head. “I think this might warrant champagne, don’t you?”
Meanwhile, John lifted Chloe out of the baby carrier and put her onto his lap. She grabbed a pebble that was lying on the armrest and tried to put it in her mouth. “No, Chloe. No eating pebbles,” John warned her, carefully prying it out of her little hands.
“What is it?” John asked, frowning.
Then he talked and talked, revelling once more in all the wonderful details of each unique case as he recounted them to the barely conscious detective.
“Norbury,” she repeated, ducking her chin.
with him? He swallowed, desperately trying to think about something else, anything other than the way his handsome former flatmate managed to magically conjure butterflies in his stomach.
Or maybe he had, but hadn’t allowed himself to linger on such thoughts for long. He had been the one who’d killed her, after all. His emotions about her death had been similar to those after killing an enemy soldier in the war (except, in her case, with a greater sense of guilt). It was lamentable, but inevitable.
At least, when Rose had been with John, much later (and only after Eurus was out of Maudsley, of course), it had been somewhat easier to stalk her. Although Rose had also quickly started going on adventures with Amit again, who often dropped by in the UK. Naturally, she had been bored stiff just being a nurse in the suburbs. Even when it had been just Eurus and her together, last autumn, Rose had occasionally left Eurus home alone for days on end. To Scotland, Norway, Slovenia. And Italy, maybe? Eurus wasn’t really sure. Rose had always been all radiant smiles and hugs when she came back and never really talked much about it. She was invariably more cheerful than before leaving, and that was what mattered most. Perhaps because of the loot. Or just because of her fresh adrenaline fix.
“By the way, I’m Hannah,” Bond girl said after switching off the engine.
“Yes.”
Sherlock suddenly had difficulty breathing.
Then Molly understood. “
Sherlock looked at him, apparently puzzled. “No. Not hypothermia.” He seemed to hesitate, uncomfortable.
In the vicinity, they hung up the fourth one. They could already see the old warehouse a little further down the road.
“In that case,” he said, as casually as he could manage, “how about lugging some boxes tomorrow and help me move back in here with you?”
John didn’t react. He was unconscious, but breathing. Thank God.
“People…” he said, “people seem to think that I am strong or brave, or something. That I have an infallible moral compass. But I’m not the man people thought I was; I’m not that guy. I never could be.” He frowned hard.
John had never been happier.
Initially, the rather impressive disappearance in the shop had been the main reason for Sherlock to be convinced that there was something more to this. He’d soon found out, however, that both Bob and Jack were gold traders, which explained Bob’s successful vanishing trick in a silver and goldsmith’s workshop. Probably a client he knew well. Sherlock would pay him a visit as soon as he had the necessary prop to give him a believable excuse to start a conversation about the supply of gold. Hopefully tomorrow.
“He doesn’t
Sherlock knew he had to tread carefully. His brother was very attached to his paintings. Then again, the ones that were in storage never saw the light of day. They might as well not be there.
“Around six, I should think,” John answered.
Damn stupid
John unfolded his arms and held out his right hand towards Sherlock.
“Some people take the drip out, yeah. Some people have the same... urges. Come on.” He clapped his hands together. “Wasting time.”
“Hello there,” Sherlock said with faked cheer, although John knew that very few people would recognise it as such. He was quietly pleased to be one of them. “Well, you see, it’s my mother’s brooch,” Sherlock continued. “It’s been broken for years and she’s been meaning to get it repaired all this time, but never got round to it, you see. So I thought I would surprise her by having it fixed for her, you see.”
Molly straightened, abandoning her investigation of the woman’s ear. “Well, that’s strange. Let me think.”
Sherlock stepped closer and said, slightly dreamily, “Yes, in fact, I would very much like a kiss for starters.” Bending down, he gave John a short peck on the lips. “... and for main course...” – another peck – , “...
I’ll admit the first chapter is a little information-dense, but it gets better, I promise. ;)
But not as close as John wanted.
Saying goodbye to her, however, soon turned out to be a more emotional affair than any of them had anticipated. She had been with them for nine weeks, after all, during the most hectic time of their lives, no less.
you now? It would just have upset the both of you.” She raised her eyebrows as if she was surprised by her own statement, when quite the opposite was obviously true: it was clear there was no room in her mind for other views on the matter.
Sherlock smirked and sighed.
, that it summoned the strangest sensation in Sherlock of wanting to be even closer than this. His tongue was already inside John’s mouth, their hands were all over each other, ensuring almost full-body contact and still, it was not enough.
As soon as he’d crossed the threshold, it was as if they all fell back into old role patterns, where he was the teenage boy who was expected to do everything their way – which he then didn’t, because their way made no sense. Except he could now see more clearly
Sherlock swallowed hard to try to stop his voice from sounding as strange as it just had, then raised his eyebrows in an attempt to appear conducting a normal day-to-day conversation, still addressing John’s coat button. “Since it’s not going to affect our not-being-friends anyway, I might as well tell you candidly what the reason is.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock said. “I don’t know. Crossdressing, pretending to be other people? Acting? She’s trained as an actress. Not sure how any of that gets us anywhere, though.”
Smith had moved to the left side of the bed and rested a gloved hand very close to Sherlock’s hand on the blanket.
* * * * *
“What did she ever do to you, then?” said a third. “She was a bit weird, is all. Not unkind or anything.”
Sherlock only now looked up at John, who was staring him down with military stringency that was, interestingly, in no way lessened by the fact that he was rather absurdly pointing a wooden spoon at him.
With both their laptops next to each other on the kitchen table, mugs of steaming tea and a pencil and paper to make notes, they started to plan their
He let out a long, almost inaudible sigh.
He quirked one corner of his mouth into a slight smile, as if in encouragement, as much to himself as to Sherlock.
He sent another text to Mycroft.
“What are you thinking about?” Sherlock asked.
Apparently, Greg wasn’t back from Bart’s yet, Sherlock realised. He briefly put a hand on John’s shoulder, trying a small smile, which he sensed came out forced. “Coffee?”
When the buttons were all finally open, John impatiently shrugged off his shirt, then looked at Sherlock again.
That instant, they heard Culverton Smith approach, coming out of the studio building. “Mr Holmes!”
Five minutes later, the three of them were all sipping their tea peacefully, as the infant contently investigated Harry’s shoelaces from her realm on the floor.
Well, that was just lovely, wasn’t it? The sod was actually carrying the stuff around with him. Naturally, he had planned his own abduction really well.
John dragged a hand over his face.
Well, the story that Sherlock was dishing out in the interview room right now would have to do. Maybe one day, when she was older, he could explain…
The woman was persistent if nothing else.
“Sherlock, seriously, I’m not...”
Sherlock smiled and closed his eyes again.
Why did he feel that their silence was ‘companionable’?
“So, we can hardly do worse, then,” Sherlock said, in an attempt at levity, meant more than anything to suppress his own worry on the earl’s behalf. “I suggest we go to this school immediately, in order to take a good look around.”
Clearing his throat, and ignoring the strong wave of nausea in his stomach, he continued onwards a couple of steps, towards the door, then stopped and dramatically cupped one hand to his ear. A soft clunking sound could be heard some distance away. “Ah, the footsteps you’re about to hear will be very familiar to you,” he said, “not least because there’ll be three impacts rather than two. The third, of course, will be the end of a walking cane. Your daughter Faith’s walking cane.”
“What?”
Sherlock’s body. He still couldn’t believe that Sherlock was letting him do this. John was very well aware that it could potentially be extremely painful if Sherlock wasn’t completely relaxed.
, much as he usually loathed that term.
--I know. Don’t worry, it’s on me. :) I thought it would be fun to have a proper fancy date for once. x
He’d made up his mind before he even realised he had.
* * * * *
bring these two idiots together as a couple, as such events tended to do. Only for Eurus to be able to destroy their happiness
, committed in the presence of Sherlock Holmes. And he certainly wasn’t going to contribute one iota to it.
Sherlock remained silent, still listing the pros and cons in his head.
“Obviously.” She smiled. “But I didn’t mean Mycroft. I meant the other one.”
him? I mean, a
-- I don’t know. Fine. J
He huffed and fisted his hair in both hands.
They looked at each other blankly for a moment.
Sherlock fell silent for a bit, considering how to cut to the chase. He took a long breath. “He tried to kill me by strangling me with a skipping rope when I was five.”
“I appreciate it, but I’d rather not talk about that,” John interrupted. He looked tense and uneasy for a moment – or rather, even more so than before – and exchanged a look with Sherlock. “To be quite honest, our marriage wasn’t a happy one,” he then said. “It soon turned out I didn’t really know her at all. We married too quickly.” He cleared his throat, visibly steeling himself for what he was about to say. “As sad as her passing was… Since her death, I’ve moved on.” His face softened. “I’ve found new love. True love, this time. First lost, then found again.” And to Harry’s astonishment, he gently took Sherlock’s hand and held it, while the two of them smiled at each other somewhat shyly.
Later that morning, when they ate the bread with nothing but some butter on it, Sherlock decided it was the best thing he’d ever eaten in his life.
“Oh, okay. I guess.” There was a silence.
Sherlock huffed out a laugh, before dissolving into moans and whimpers again.
Sherlock was impressed: both with the beauty of sign language itself as well as with the ease with which some of it could be understood straight away. If a thumbs-up meant ‘something good’, then the gesture of giving ‘something good’ to the other surely meant ‘helping’.
Luckily, he knew a very posh restaurant whose owner owed him a favour.
that.”
Sherlock’s eyelids started to flutter uncontrollably. Another person had just told him he loved him. He couldn’t even remember his mother ever saying that to him.
“Hmm. Must there be something? It’s not as if I need an engraving to remember our wedding date or your name, John.”
* * * * *
Sherlock made an effort to switch off the part of his brain that facilitated emotions and to focus entirely on the facts of the puzzle at hand.
“It isn’t easy to put yourself in the shoes of the people who’ve hurt you. But it’s a very valuable ability if you can,” John said.
He opens the door, however, to Sherlock standing stock still in front of the window, looking out onto the street. Not sulking – his stance is relaxed, not tense. (And also, he does his usual sulking mostly in a horizontal position, while staring at the backrest of the sofa.)
--Vampire
Just before their trip to Norway, Sherrinford had told Sherlock he had decided he would indeed like to move to the London care home they had visited together. Of course, Sherlock had already put him on a waiting list there long before, just in case. And luck had it that he had been offered a place there already for the new year, as one of the current residents happened to be moving back to Scotland. The move was only six weeks away.
The second time they visited Priory School, the grounds were bustling with pupils rather than police. The younger kids were playing tag on the lawn, while older ones sat under trees, quizzing each other in the shade.
But still.
“I’m sorry, Mycroft.”
John smiled. “That’s exactly how I remember you from when I was little. Always seeing the glass half full, even if it was merely a little wet on the inside.” He leaned forward in his chair. “But how are you feeling physically? Have you seen a doctor yet, here? Are you getting the medication that you need?”
The unfamiliar burning sensation and the strange feeling of fullness, combined with John’s panted breaths and whispered endearments in his neck, all made him feel grounded in a way he’d never experienced before.
“And if you want to dress as a woman,” John added, between kisses, “for whatever reason, or you just want to wear lace underwear, that’s actually completely fine with me. More than fine, in fact.”
He straightened up, every muscle in his body tense.
Sherlock felt he could easily add a second finger, so he did.
“What?” Sherlock asked, with a laugh.
“I really want to,” John said, squeezing Sherlock to his chest. “God, I really do. But the past couple of weeks, I just couldn’t, I’m so sorry. I need you to help me get rid of this feeling of guilt, alright? Will you please… guide me?”
