The team ponders this suggestion for a bit before they unanimously decide to watch this movie.
Robin has a secret, besides the whole Grima secret identity, he fought in another war in another world against a whole country. When Elena and Yufine show up in the middle of a fight against Risen, everyone is understandably shocked as they’ve all been wary of Robin since his secret came out. They’re shocked that two strangers, to them, fight so perfectly with Robin despite knowing that he’s the fell dragon.
Regas turned pink as he looked away, “No not really, so I decided that I was going just come and help you today.”
“Hmm I do understand where you’re coming from.” Clint muttered, crossing his arms and leaning back.
“Sure, I guess.” Robin shrugs as he follows Chrom and Lissa to their tent, he glances around and spots all the glances aimed his way from his fellow Shepherds. Robin goes forward to sit on the chair as Chrom and Lissa sit on the bed.
“But….” Flynn trails off, uncertain how to phrase his question.
“Yep my darling Bellissima helped me a lot with finding some good Pokemon.” Tony’s smile made Steve melt right by him, the others sniggered while Tony looked in confusion.
“Trust me, I’m not lying Takeru.” Daisuke’s voice seemed to make Takeru come alive since he threw himself at Daisuke, sending them tumbling on the bed, as Takeur nuzzled Daisuke’s chest.
“For what?” Yuri frowns in confusion as he continues to look at Flynn.
It was a rather nice day out in Manhattan as the clouds were not seen and the sun was shining brightly.
“Damn, that’s hot.” Steve whispered, face burning hot as everyone started to snicker at Steve.
“Shit this is good.” Clint says, with an orgasmic moan.
Rita even sometimes dropped her haughty attitude, an attitude she gained to protect herself and Karol in the orphanage, and allowed herself to let Yuri cuddle them close and kiss their heads, even allowing it in Public in time.
It was a quiet day throughout New York on March 19th, 2006. There were no villains in sight so all the Avengers were at Stark Tower in the common room watching movies. Clint sat curled up with Natasha on the single person recliner with Weavile hiding in the shadows and Talonflame perched on the top part of the couch.
“Yes?” Tony prompted.
“Yea don’t worry about it, I’ve done this before with him.” Tony got out some milk before he added a generous amount to the pot, enough for everyone to have some hot cocoa before he let it simmer for a bit to heat up.
“Are you tired?” Fleur asked, concern evident in her tone.
“Oh my who’s this?” Judith said, finally speaking up for the first time.
More silence spread through the table at this announcement.
“You’re telling me a goddamn Beautifly can do that?” Natasha repeats the sentiment.
“W-wait.” Ken’s stutter didn’t go unnoticed as he bypassed a confused Takeru and Hikaru, going to stand in front of the guy, “I-Is that really?”
“Robin.” Yufine excitedly says as she hugs Robin into her bosom, suffocating him, “It’s been so long, we’ve missed you.”
Thor let a small smile grace his features as he took the offered cup from Tony. Tony went forward to grab a blanket and some pillows before he came back and laid down in Thor’s lap and covered the both of them with blankets.
Takeru walked into the bathroom, still robotically, and quickly got dressed before walking out to see Daisuke sitting on the bed.
“Ummmm Physics, Organic Chemistry, Calculus 3, Philosophy, French, Spanish, German, Japanese, Quantum Physics/Quantum Mechanics, Anatomy, and Physiology.” Tony said, blushing brightly at everyone’s stunned expression.
Tony just stares at Steve, “I’ve been experimenting with nanobots for around 5 years, I started it because without the Iron Man armor I’m not able to defend or protect, it made me feel exposed, weak. These nanobots help me call the Iron Man armor from inside me, instead of an outside force.”
“I don’t think we do.” Koushiro said, staring hard at the figure.
Tony Stark (Not billionaire just a normal Stark family and regular income) owns a cafe called worldwide where he works as the Waiter, Chef, and Cashier. He has JARVIS working the cashier when he’s away and JOCASTA working the kitchen. His cafe is unique as there is no menu and everyone can order whatever they want from whatever culture or heritage and JOCASTA will cook it.
“D-Daisuke?” Taichi questions, unable to comprehend as he goes misty eyed.
Lady Hera friends- More like unknowns, people that Tony wants nothing to do with. Current: Everyone else
“Geeze Dai how crazy has your life become?” Hikari mumbles in affection.
“This is Bucky Barnes.” Brown head #2 gave a small, almost unnoticeable, smile as he offered a head nod.
Harry walked out of the common room and quickly walked through the halls toward the Great Hall. In a few minutes Harry arrived at the rather empty Great Hall.
“That’s great love, you’re doing amazing, just relax and let me take care of you.” Tony continues to sweet talk in Steve’s ear as he unknots Steve’s back, where Steve just groans in response as all the stress is taken away from him. Soon Tony finishes with the massage and squirts some shampoo onto his hand, wets Steve's hair and then scraps his fingernails with the shampoo through his hair.
“Yea half-Italian so I know the recipes and the language.” Tony replied as he set a pan for the frittata, a pot for all the spaghetti, and a pan for all the vegetables. He pulled off the Pastina and set it on a wooden cutting board to cool, while he piled the vegetables to cook on one of the pans, the spaghetti in the pot and various other vegetables into the last pan with whipped egg.
“I have to go back to the Tower for a few weeks to finish setting everything up and then I’ll also move back into the compound.”
Yuri stares in surprise, as he didn’t think that Flynn would want to try again, before melting into a grin, “I would like nothing more.”
“Y-you what?” Tony stuttered out.
“Wha-” Yuri mumbled before glancing down and gaining a soft smile, surprising the entire group, including Flynn, “Karol I didn’t know you’d be here.”
“Woah that’s so cool man.” The Rhodey look-alike said, awe clear on his face.
Flynn hums as he leans forward onto Yuri and hesitatingly speaks up, “C-can we still t-try again?”
“Don’t worry darling, I’ll make sure nothing happens to them.” Olivia says, her face taking a more serious look.
Yuri’s eyes widened as he stared at her form, “Olivia Montague what a surprise to see you here my dear.”
Meg offered a worried smile, “I know hun but you really need sleep.” She made an ‘oh’ sound before she scribbled something on a piece of paper, handing it off to Tony.
“Morning.” Tony replied as he slid his phone in his pocket and stood up, “What can I help you with?”
Soon after everyone finished their food, placed all the dishes into the sink, and each took a slice of cake into the living room. Clint and Natasha curled up on one of the single couches to the left with Thor and Bruce taking the couch right next to them. Wanda took the single couch to the right with Bucky laying on the couch there leaving only one couch right in front of the TV for Steve and Tony.
“I know you can protect them, god knows you need it.” Yuri heaves a sigh as he thinks about why she needs to protect herself.
Tony waved, turning his head back and smiling, causing Meg to laugh. “Correction, they're Lady Hestia friends already.”
Eventually she got to Aether but before she could hand them over, Aether raised up a hand and said apologetically, “Sorry I won’t be able to handle the commissions today, I have something else to do.”
“I’m sorry.” Flynn blurts out, quickly hunkering down in shock at his outburst.
“I-I thought you wouldn’t like me, since you spent so long liking Hikari. I didn’t want to get my hopes up, especially since you disappeared for 3 years, but this is like a dream come true.” Takeru whispered, drunk on happiness.
14 hours later the plane touched down in the airport right next to Odaiba, where Veemon promptly woke up Daisuke and the kids. They took out their baggage and walked over to the black limo that waited for them, popping in their luggage and getting seated.
Olivia giggled as she leaned up to give a quick peck to Yuri’s lips, expertly ignoring Flynn’s strangled breath, “My my darling what a way to greet a woman.”
“Yea they’ll be just fine, Coronamon and Lunamon are plenty strong enough to save them.”
“Tones what do we do?” Steve hissed quietly, unsure of what to do.
“Yea I got over my crush on Hikari and realized that I like you, we’ll have to talk more tomorrow cause there’s still stuff to say, but for now let’s sleep.”
Tony practically vibrated in his chair with excitement as they regaled him with tales of what’s been happening in their respective areas (Rhodey, Pepper and Happy in California and Bruce in India).
“Come on, let’s go back to Angel’s share and I can answer any question you guys have.” Aether joyfully waves his hand to the dumbstruck group as the come over to Aether, all choosing to walk back to Monstandt.
“I missed you too Flynn.” Yuri wrapped his arms tight around Flynn, thinking that if he let’s go then he’ll lose him again, “Do you want to go back to my place and cuddle? Watch a movie or something?”
“Argh! What the fuck is wrong with your lamp? It just burned me!” Owner’s Companion clutched at the scalded patch on the back of their neck.
“That’s a start,” Natasha said. “ ‘I won’t live in the past.’ ”
“Then we’ll have to be better.” Steve looked at the ceiling. A dark impulse seized him and he said “Besides, I know you can complete the mission if anything happens to me.”
The next images were a series of marketing materials for drones, missiles, and satellite systems. “You’ll notice that every product released since ‘08 was related to surveillance systems and weapons technology. They've been pumping out more and more ever since."
Especially to a stranger he just met.
“It's a sign we need to move. Come on!” Steve makes sure Tony’s in front of him and they dash through the doors.
He sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose tiredly. “What kind of people would we be if we resorted to such measures?”
“Tough break, huh?” A red-haired woman was waiting for them on the street outside the complex, framed so dramatically against the falling autumn leaves that Steve suspected she’d planned it. "You boys look like you took a bite out of a mud-filled blini, as my babushka used to say.”
Good, that meant everyone was in place.
“Bad night again?” Sam was standing in the doorway wearing an army shirt over boxers and a sleepy expression.
“Now that we got what we need,” Natasha continues, not hearing him. “Next order of business is-”
“And how exactly are you going to be any help?” It comes out more condescending than he intends, because Tony bristles at his words. Steve is only being honest: Tony’s tailored three-piece looks more suited to a boardroom than a battlefield.
“More like what didn't he talk about; our conversation was pretty one-sided,” The memory of his words from that night makes him wince; how he had treated the man like a random crazy person, offering fumbling platitudes that sounded so clumsy now. “He was in a bad place so I talked him down…”
“Christ, Steve, you’re not that old,” Sam leaned his chair back on the rear legs. “And that’s so typical of you - of course you'd stand up for the little guys and starving artists…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony doesn't buy it, twirling a screwdriver in his clever fingers. “Yeah, the silent thing isn’t gonna fly. Now that we’re working together there’s gotta be some quid pro quo.” Tony winks at him, adjusting the gauntlet’s circuitry. “So lay it on me, Steve-my-unfairly-good-looking-imaginary-friend.”
“Did you like them?” Tony asked hopefully.
“Lighten up, sweetheart, we’ll worry about it later...”
Steve didn’t respond, though his lips pressed into a thin line.
Tony dimmed slightly, swishing his pull string pensively. He missed Rhodey and Pepper. As dreary as the furniture store had been, being with his two best friends had made it worth it. But ever since his new Owner had bought him - he could still remember the exhilarating e surge of energy that flooded through his socket when he was plugged in  had been
"They’ve resisted every attempt we’ve made at buying them out. Stark’s a futurist, he doesn’t care about money,” T'Challa shut the curtains to block out the sight of Stark’s tower. “He’s only interested in his inventions, never pausing to consider how they might affect the world.”
I'm on
“Ah, so that's how it is,” Betrayal flashes through Stark’s dark eyes, but he doesn't seem particularly surprised by the answer, almost as if he'd been expecting it. “And how do you fit into the equation?”
Steve looked down at the plaster dust on his knuckles and tried to discreetly wipe it off on his jeans. It probably wouldn’t help their case to mention how his previous business meeting had ended with him putting a hole through Justin Hammer’s office.
It was official; they'd be getting married in three months.
“We’re not actually your subjects... “ Scott muttered.
“I'm sure he loved you, in his own way…deep down…”
There was a long silence. Sam remained frowning, while Natasha’s eyes filled with fierce determination.
Finally, Tony clears his throat expectantly.
They fall into a pattern: Steve plunging into the melee, taking on the brunt of attacks with Tony providing cover fire from a distance, preventing the stragglers from swarming Steve.
“Complicated in what way?”
“So, Stark gets kidnapped, then starts creating gadgets as a security blanket?” Sam asked.
“Not much to look at, huh, honeybear?” Stark said, his attempt at a sardonic grin clashing horribly with his dishevelled appearance.
“I’m mass-produced, there are a million more in the warehouse just like me,” Tony said darkly. “I'm just another flash in the pan. Next year there'll be a new gimmicky lamp.”
A low noise blares through the halls. Sonorus and heavy, like a groan from the rusted throat of some enormous machine. The raucous noise makes Steve's teeth buzz in his head and wraps a chill around his heart.
“Very nice work.” Steve says to Wanda. They’re both standing on the polished marble steps of a city library.
“Do as he says,” Stane wheezes out. “We have no choice.”
“Why do you care?” Tony said hotly.
“You’re so weird.” Tony flopped back on the bed. “Didn't it blow a bulb the first time we had a date? And I’m pretty sure it tried to burn me. Twice.”
Steve’s eyes were soft when he broke the kiss, licking slightly swollen lips which looked even more pink and plush against the dark blue of his suit.
“There’s no point dancing around it. This job is heading into a place you wanted to leave behind.” Candid as always, Sam cut straight to the heart of the matter. “We're just laying out all your options - and by the way you can still say no to this.”
Shuri was waiting for them in the operating theatre next to an unconscious Stark on a gurney. The dark haired man looked even more sickly than the night Steve bumped into him at the college. The dark circles and lines on his face looked even more prominent above the oxygen mask and the heart monitor was beeping out a worryingly slow pulse.
Steve didn’t answer him immediately, sending a flicker of worry through Tony. Had he already gone and said the wrong thing already? Maybe it was rude to mention age right off the bat?
Eventually, the waiting stretched into years, but to Steve it could have happened yesterday. What was a handful of years, when you'd lived for hundreds?
The word hung in the suddenly tense air. Steve could practically hear the concerned looks Sam and Nat were exchanging behind him.
“We can’t lose them!” Scott screams as their last side mirror explodes.
Steve doesn’t know what to make of him.
Natasha nodded. “Exactly. Sometimes the simplest advice is the best.”
Sam gave a whistle. “I can't say you do things by halves, your worship.”
“And now you're deflecting.” Natasha shakes her head. “Fine, don't want to talk about your repressed…”
“...ULTRON will be a suit of armor around the world.” Stark ended his presentation with a grin, jauntily accepting the room’s wild applause as his due.
“Or what?” Tony snarls, jabbing at Steve's eyes, agitation making him telegraph his moves. Steve catches the fist in his hand by reflex and pins it against the wall above Tony’s head.
“Ah. I’ve heard of this. You’re referring to ironic monitoring?” T’Challa inquires.
Despite the cold, Steve feels sweat break out behind his neck. He can barely see ten feet into the fog, but he knows, deep in his bones what’s coming next.
“Can we help you?” Taichi questions, questioning eyes looking at Daisuke.
“All right, well what can I get you?” Tony got up and walked over to them as he looked at them expectantly.
While he was analyzing his best response, Pepper was quietly glancing over him with a critical eye, the others shuffling nervously beside her. She noted his dark bags, grease stained hair, rumpled clothes and immediately came to a conclusion.
“What did you say?” Grid tilted his head in curiosity.
“Tony, stop- ow!” Steve grunts in pain as the second punch hits him in the solar plexus. He grabs Tony’s other wrist and traps it next to the first. Then he has to twist out of the way to avoid a knee to the gut because Tony is now resorting to kicking him. He surges in as close as he can, jamming his hip against the other man’s so that he’s too near to be hit. “Stop- hitting me.”
Light and air rush back as the world reforms around them.
“You're welcome, by the way.” Steve mutters. “My name’s Steve, so maybe you can stop with the nicknames.”
Steve seemed to realise at the same time he'd be constantly looking up Tony’s shade, because he gave an awkward wobble. “Um. You're very. Bright.”
“Just passed out. Shuri did say we could be in for a bumpy ride.” Natasha is already out of her cuffs and bent over Stark’s prone form to check him over. “Relax, his vitals are fine, nothing more somnacin can’t fix.” She looks up and snaps her fingers. “Scott, if you please.”
He had to find Stark before he got himself in trouble. There was no telling what kind of danger might be lurking in this level of the dream.
None of them had asked for this. Sam blamed himself too, for not being around on that day. But he’d stuck with Steve through the worst of it, providing a steady presence in those dark days immediately following the Incident. He'd let Steve stay at his place all this while though surely he had to be fed up with Steve’s drama by now.
“The Forger impersonates people that the target knows in real life to manipulate the subconscious. Parents, siblings, girlfriends...” Steve raised a finger, seeing Wanda’s eyebrows rise. “I know how it sounds, but it helps to play the emotional angle.”
I'm so in love with Steve's fam in TWS. Natasha and Sam are such good friends to him it always makes me cry TT^TT
But it was the only way. He’d sacrifice himself to protect Steve’s virtue.
, Bucky had called it.
Steve went over to the stove and started making eggs.
Some of it splattered over Steve’s shoes and pant leg but he paid it no mind, wordlessly reaching out to hold Stark’s coat out of the way.
A whole life, lived and yet not.
A storm-grey freight train hurtles across the junction just in front of them, moving so fast it shatters the windows of every building within the block. Old, tarnished, and inexplicably covered with frost, it dwarfs the size of a normal train - the whole carriage stretches several city blocks long, and is so wide that it shears away all the street-facing shop fronts while churning the sidewalk to gravel.
Like Natasha, Nakia remained mysteriously tight-lipped about the whole situation, making only small talk with them.
“Sure I do, that movie’s a classic.” Steve feels a smile tugging at his lips. The adrenaline of a good fight is coursing through his blood, lifting his spirits. The good vibes lull him into nostalgia, reminding him of those old battles with friends, and he finds himself saying, “Great job, Tony, I couldn’t have done this without you.”
I’ll try to post the next one before Infinity War comes out but I’m not too worried if I can’t because I don't forsee any huge changes in canon that will derail my fic (what’s the worst they can do? kill someone? like that’s stopped anyone writing stuff)
All these modern appliances were so sleek and minimalistic; next to them, he was an antique in every sense of the word, and he couldn’t help feeling self-conscious of his appearance.
at how good Steve would have looked in a speedo - but it wasn't about what Tony wanted.
“Maybe we should steal him someday.” Bucky whispered to Natasha as they stared at the scene.
Daisuke has changed since all those years ago, He’s 21 and he’s now a CEO of a noodle company and has adopted 2 kids, not that any of the Digidestined know since he’s always busy. But when he finally attends a gathering they all learn how he’s changed and what he discovered about himself. Aromantic Asexual Daisuke Motomiya.
“You can take all these and put them away from me.” Hermione demanded, “I swear everytime I wake up, I’m surrounded by your damn weapons. You are insane with all of these.”
“Now why don’t we go watch a movie and relax for the rest of the day.”
Tony’s breath shuttered in his chest as he looked at the expression.
“Tell that to your super soldier healing.” Tony grouched as he pulled out various things for cooking. He pulled out a whole chicken, tiny pasta, and a big pot to make Pastina. Next to that he placed eggplant, bell pepper, onion, potato, zucchini, and tomato for Ciambotta. He pulled out frozen gnocchi to make some chicken gnocchi soup. Next to that is spaghetti, eggs, and cheese for Spaghetti alla Carbonara. Then he pulled out spaghetti, salami, onion, bell peppers, and tomatoes to make Frittata. Finally he pulled out the necessary materials to make a Tiramisu cake.
Everyone nodded in reluctance, all eagerly wanting to know what Aether was doing today.
Steve leaned over to put his face next to Tony’s, both sporting a brilliant blush once they realized, “Can I talk to you after the movie? Alone?”
“Ah sorry Professor, I’m an avid weapons collector so I have a large variety of weapons.” Harry sheepishly said.
So like hope you enjoy more fluff, I'll try to update Hidden Secrets but I don't know when, especially when school is starting in like 3-4 weeks, and thats gonna be stressful as all hell. And like I know that people have asked for commissions for writing, and like I'm trying to do them but my motivation comes in short bursts, and my head is constantly filled with different ideas so I'm trying.
She let out a groan, slamming her head down on her arms, startling all of the others around her including Tony.
“This is Thor Odinson.” The taller blonde guy gave a booming laugh and wide hand wave.
“I’ll do the same as Clint, for Bucky.” Bucky ruefully grinned at Tony.
“We will.” Elena regally nods, placing a kiss on Robin’s cheek, as Yufine does so on the other side.
“Oh geez I forgot that I told no one about this.” Tony tiredly rubbed a hand at the bridge of his nose.
Tony gave a nervous smile, unsure how to respond to the statement.
“This is Bruce Banner.” Brown head #1 with glasses, offered a nervous smile.
“Does that feel better love?” Natasha asked with a soft smile as Tony cleaned off the soap from the massage.
Tony resisted the urge to coo as he answered the man, “Well this place works somewhere in between a restaurant and a cafe. You can sit at the tables and order coffee and food or you can take it to go.”
The closer they get, the more the temperature starts to fall. Shards of glass and ice crunch under their feet, making for a sharp landing if they're unlucky enough to slip.
As he took stock of his surroundings, Steve identified his new location as a living room. The source of the dazzling light was a lamp suspended above him.
Steve frowns. “Hey.”
At least that’s what Steve tells himself.
“Oh, I'm starting to want you to make me,” The corner of Stark’s mouth curls disdainfully. “Take a shot, tough guy, it's not like I can fight you off or anything.” Stark looks fully ready to throw a punch himself, despite the size disadvantage and being chained to the floor.
After all, what was life but a gentle lie?
His appearance makes Stark’s jaw drop. Steve supposes he must cut an unsettling figure; above the high collar of his tac suit, the Red Skull mask covers him scalp to chin, hiding every trace of the human underneath.
The nightmares had been getting worse, just like they did everytime he neared the anniversary.
“Is that your sick idea of leverage?” Stark glares him down unflinchingly, every muscle in his body screaming defiance. “Because if you've hurt Pepper I swear I can make your life look a whole lot worse than that ugly mug of yours…”
There didn't seem to be a way to pick up the conversation after that so they continue in silence, Tony working on his gauntlet with Steve keeping lookout.
“Five… four… ”
Steve stood “Then it looks like we've got everything covered,” He looked up at the last picture on the slideshow. The photo had been taken at an airbase - snapped mid-pose when Stark was halfway down the stairs of a plane, one hand resting on the guardrail. His face was frozen in a smirk, eyes hidden behind sunglasses. “Best of luck to us.”
Natasha chuckled softly. “Just like old times.”
Natasha’s voice was level, but Steve had known her long enough to be able to sense the emotion beneath it. Losing Bucky had been hard on her as well - after the Incident, she had left the group to strike out on her own, returning sporadically with quirky souvenirs and stories that were just barely on the believable side of outrageous.
Steve cleared his throat. “You have to remember that the subconscious runs on emotion. So we need to distill all this-” He gestured at the screen. “Down to one essential thing."
Rolling his eyes, Steve spins around and shatters another power core with a blow from the shield.
“Ah.” Natasha nods slowly. “That twinge you’re feeling? It’s called empathy. Inconvenient little thing, but I guess it’s understandable - I know it can sneak up on you. Trust me.”
Steve feels a vein in his head start to throb. “That's not how I do things.”
In clean, precise pen strokes, she had drawn a circular labyrinth.
Under the combined weight of the humans, Steve to be dead on his legs and he let out a terrifying creak- it was the most frightening sound Tony had ever heard.
“Well, what did you guys talk about?”
She crossed her arms. “Sounds like a real mata hari.”
“Cool down, Tony, it's not a big deal. I think my weird lamp adds a bit of character to the house.” Steve smiled, looping an arm around his waist to draw him back to bed.
Steve can see the cogs behind Stark’s eyes starting to whirr and for a long terrifying moment he wonders if Stark has seen through their charade.
“Steve…” Nat began as Sam shot him a look of concern. Steve abruptly stood up.
“Tony, nothing you do could ever ruin today for me. You’re the one thing that makes it all special.”
“I'm not sure that’s a good idea, your highness. It's very dangerous.” Natasha said.
When Tony finally draws back with an impressed cluck, there’s no sign of recognition. “Kudos to my subconscious for dreaming up a literal guardian angel, emphasis on the angel. What’s your secret? Kale smoothies on the astral plane?”
T’Challa was the only one who realised that ULTRON was the beginning of the end.
Stark picks up the pen and darts a quick look up through his lashes. Several emotions flit through his eyes; bewilderment, irritation, and something else Steve can’t identify. Stark twirls the pen around deftly in his fingers, then snaps it clean in half.
They were on their second circuit of the quad when Steve decided to put an end to the awkward silence.
Natasha paused, considering. “Imagine if Santa Claus had a baby with Emperor Palpatine. Creepy.” For Natasha - who dealt with creeps on a daily basis - to consider Stane creepy spoke volumes about his character. “There’s a whole dirty story there, not even counting the deals he’s cut under the table.”
Steve folded his head into his hands with a sigh.
T'Challa interrupted Sam. "This has to happen soon. Within the next two months."
“You could say that.” Steve paused at the doorway. “But there are some lines I won't cross.” Not anymore.
“Barely.” Sam rubbed his temples. “Those bastards keep getting bigger and faster. A day’s gonna come that we can’t outrun them.”
“The Stark family inheritance, of course! Wasn’t there something your dad wanted you to have? Didn’t his will mention some kind of asset that would pass to you?” Stane wheedles. “As his only child, he'd be so proud for you to carry on his legacy.”
“I love you, not because of the things you do for me and certainly not because of your money. Just you.” Steve’s expression was open and attentive. “Your generous heart is one of the things I adore about you.”
Steve brushes his hair back nervously, suddenly aware of how much sweat and grime he's covered in. His blue tac suit is torn at the hip, courtesy of an enemy who’d gotten in a lucky swipe. And while it hadn’t drawn blood, the cool kiss of air on his exposed skin is proof enough of his carelessness. He must look a mess.
Blowing his bulb was humiliating, a behavior expected of some young light fresh out of the box. Tony wished for the millionth time that he hadn’t made such a mess, he must have looked like a blazing idiot in front of Steve.
“So what’s the plan?” Tony asks, reloading the ammo cartridge on his gauntlet.
“I thought this was the best way to show you how much I care about you. But I can see I went about it completely the wrong way…” Tony went on, feeling like he was just digging himself deeper, “I just wanted this day to be special for you, but I guess I really blew it. You know me, always charging ahead with things without checking if people actually want them. So… I'm sorry for ruining everything.” Tony ended in a small voice, addressing his words to Steve’s chin.
believe his own words.
“Just saying,” Wanda shrugs with a grin. “This is a good look, you should stick with it.”
, I'll stop hassling you.” Tony’s smirk fades and an inquisitive look steals over his face. “Come to think of it, you
“Because you’re irreplaceable.” Steve spun towards Tony like a sunflower seeking the sun.
“Says the man carrying around a giant frisbee,” Tony says dryly, as if he could hear Steve’s mental list of unflattering options. “I repurposed the power core into a repulsor cannon. Wait till you see what this baby can do.”
It’s the third sign that fills him with with gut-churning dread. The apprehension that prickles under his skin every time he closes his eyes to sleep, wondering if this time,
Because his Steve deserved so much more.
Sam dodges the falling rubble and leaps into the air, soaring after the van.
words conjure up. The recent rush of adrenaline sends blood rushing to some other parts as well.
“If you can remove a thought from someone's head, surely one can be planted there?”
“Yeah. I didn't mean to wake you.” Steve closed the comic on a page of Captain America punching a red villain in the face and flipped the lid of the box shut.
"Stark Industries, the largest weapons development company in the world. It's currently run by the founder’s son, Tony.” T’Challa said. “I want you to perform inception on him so that he’ll shut down the company."
“How’s that for innovation? And when you count this fella,” Steve catches the shield and decapitates a straggler sneaking up behind him. “Looks like I win, 93 to 92.”
.” beaten, Stark's head drops in submission. His breath gasps in and out like he’s run a marathon. “I-I don't know, 6… 2 - 4 - 7 - 2… that's- thats all I got…”
Sometimes Tony couldn’t even believe Steve loved him back. The gentle pressure at his throat as Steve worked on the bow tie, and those intent blue eyes… It was intoxicating being this close to Steve.
“You heard the man.” Sam swallows heavily and starts hauling people to their feet. “Let's move, team.”
Stark’s face twitches at the contact but he doesn't flinch from Stane’s invasion into his personal space. It has the intended effect; he drops the matter, face going subdued and closed-off.
The little tin train hit the floor with a heavy ping.
Hiring Vanko had torpedoed the whole thing.
Steve shakes his head. “There isn’t any - the code doesn’t even exist, so the individual numbers don't matter. The whole point is to trick the subconscious into generating a pattern. In this case, a pattern of numbers.”
subject. For now, at least. “Projections, for one.”
“Projections. They’re what a subconscious uses to defend itself.” Steve kicks the projection’s head out of the way. “They're all after you.”
If not, enjoy the extra long chapter!
Steve gripped the cool porcelain edge of the sink, fighting down the wave of hopelessness. No, T’Challa had been right about him; Steve would have willingly given up anything if it meant finding a cure. Not that he had much left to give; his career as an Architect was a small price to pay in the grand scheme of things, although in his weaker moments he missed the days when his biggest worries had been a missed deadline or two.
When the four of them formed the team they’d needed a kick song, and Bucky had chosen the theme song from the old Captain America cartoon as a joke. They’d found it hilarious that a song from their childhood now served as their anchor to the real world.
He supposes he should. Out of all of them, Natasha is probably the only one who understands the best how it’s like to lose yourself in a mask.
Wanda set to work, her pencil flying as she sketched out a series of tunnels and routes.
“Yes.”
Steve seemed disgusted by his behaviour, because the table kept more to himself after that.
Steve licks his suddenly-dry lips. “The numbers, Stark. Last chance.”
“My balls.” Tony swished his pull-strands so that the balls at the end clacked together. Yes, he was growing warmer at the thought. “Let me touch you. Steve, please. I’ve wanted it so long, I’m so hot for you…”
“Can't have a city without people, right? When we go into a dream, the target’s mind will populate your world with projections. ” Steve said. “Normally they’re harmless. But if you alter the world too much they can get violent.”
“I doubt he’ll remember. He seemed out of it when I met him.” Steve feels a twinge of unease. At the time he had thought Stark was drunk or high, but what if it was as Shuri said, that he was dying…?
“...Partly. That’s why we use totems to help us tell whether we’re in a dream or reality. But I’ll explain that another time.”
- he had been prepared to make the most of it.
He had bumped into Sam later on; at a charity ball for veterans where one of Steve’s paintings was up for auction. A slightly tipsy Sam had taken one look at the painting and loudly proclaimed that his grandmother, god rest her soul, could do better than this dinky bullshit. A very tipsy Bucky shoved Sam into a fountain, misjudged his footing, and toppled in gracelessly only to catch a fist to the face from a disgruntled and soaked Sam. The ensuing water wrestling match brought the entire retinue of security guards down on them. Steve managed to avoid being dragged into the brawl, but that didn’t stop the museum from slapping him, along with the two instigators, with a lifetime ban.
Have some flower symbolism cuz I'm a nerd :p
He fires.
“Doesn’t everyone?” Caught off guard, Steve fumbled around for an answer. “There are people I wished I’d spent more time with, things I wanted to learn…”
They bantered with an easy humor and for a second Steve felt a sense of deja vu - back to when they were younger and more idealistic and a whole lot more reckless. Then the moment of nostalgia faded, leaving only a feeling of resolve. The emptiness of the fourth seat seemed more pronounced than ever.
“In 2008 Tony was kidnapped in Afghanistan during a business conference. Yeah, I was surprised too, their PR worked hard to keep it out of the news.” Nat went on. “He was held by a terrorist group for nearly three months until Stane quietly paid the ransom. At the end of that year, SI applied for a record number of patents - more than triple previous years.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. It probably buckled because it wasn’t meant to carry so much weight.” Owner helped Owner’s Companion to their feet. “Are you alright? Let me get some ice for your neck.”
“Fuck the ice. Let’s continue this in the bedroom. Remind me to take a look at that fucking disco ball you call a lamp to see if I can’t do anything to fix it...” Owner’s Companion snapped impatiently and began tugging Owner towards the door.
“He looks drunk.”
Tony coughed. “I can explain.”
Stark silences him with a raised finger. “
“Room to breathe, that's funny. How it’s the simple things you take for granted, that you don’t need to think about, until you do…” Stark’s breathing started to speed up again and his hand drifted to his sternum almost unconsciously.
“To see how much of a threat you are. You've been assessed from the moment you drove here.” Nakia murmured something into her comm, and every single occupant of the crowded lobby - tourists and hotel staff - instantly stopped what they were doing and vacated the area. She rose to her feet, gesturing them to follow her to the elevator. “You’ve just been cleared. I'll bring you to him now.”
A cursing Stark claws for his eyes, fighting him all the way like an angry cat. Stark is no pushover - Steve will give him that - but Steve has the advantage in sheer size and power.
“Tony,” Steve stood and grasped him by the elbow. “Come on, let’s take a walk.”
“I know it's not her fault. That's what I wanted to talk to
Steve continued thoughtfully. “Once I put my suit on and climbed down to the street, a troupe of costumed dancers ambushed me and chased me all the way to the church.” He gave Tony a quizzical look. “It was the strangest experience. I didn’t know that was a thing people did in the 2000s.”
“Whoo! Yes!” Tony pumps his fist.
“I am well aware. And of course, I can’t force you to do anything you don’t want to.” T’Challa put a reassuring hand on his sister’s shoulder. Then his face hardened, crystallizing into a determined mask. “But know this, if you walk away now then our deal regarding the rehabilitation of one James Buchanan Barnes - is off the table.”
Steve stared at him.
Steve started, realising he’d been staring a bit too long. “Uh, excuse me?”
Scott nods shakily. “Will do, Steve.”
Tony was so turned on.
Dropping his hand, Steve answers it. “I've got Tony with me. What's your status, Sam?”
“Just wait till you see my new bag of tricks. I’ve picked up a few things since I left you guys. ” Natasha stands up - towering slightly over Steve, Stane is a
An accident. A mistake-
The van keeps rising higher, above the projections, above the the train, higher and higher until they break through the fog and into the sunlight, eye-level with where Sam is hovering. He gives them a wave through the cracked windscreen.
The street was deserted, still except for a dog barking in the distance, and the clatter of a garbage truck on the street below. The grind of the metal compactor seemed too loud - an echo of train wheels - and he couldn’t resist a shudder.
Blinking, Tony stumbles away from the wall, surprised at how suddenly Steve let him go.
“The Point is the second in command, making sure everything and everyone is where they should be. And the Extractor - that's my role - deals with the target directly, getting them to trust me so we can extract the information we need.” Steve continued.
“My dad?” Stark scoffs disdainfully. “We talking about the same guy? The happiest day of his life was when he shipped me off to boarding school.” He stares very hard at the stained wall directly in front of him as if he can burn a hole in it with his gaze.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks.
“Yeah, a special kind of stupid-” Tony began, but he quietened as Steve brushed a thumb over his lower lip.
“We might not have a choice,” Natasha was standing next to the gurney, her quiet voice slowly morphing into one horrified self-realization. “When I was working in SI-Legal, I had a look at his will; ULTRON is set to go on the market two weeks from now. But if he dies before then, ULTRON is to be released automatically on the internet, for free.” Her leather-gloved hands clenched on the handrail of the gurney. “Stark is the only one who can overturn it.”
Steve waved him over. “Hey, is this your guy?”
The mission. Right.
With a grim sort of pride, Steve nodded. “Shuri, take us in, please.”
“Like I said, make me.” Stark raises his chin, eyebrow arched challengingly. “Normally, it’s a lot more fun than this when a stacked blond pushes me around and tells me what to do. Though since you’re already inside my mind, I’ll give you points for making the penetration relatively painless…”
“I disagree, I think we should go with something positive.” Steve said, slow and sure. “That always wins out over negativity.”
“That's cute,” Stark clicks his tongue impatiently. “How about you tell me who you really work for? Wait, let me guess; is it AIM? Hammer? Richards?” Stark groans. “It better not be that moron, Stone…”
T’Challa is gazing out into the hazy street. “We’re not alone,” His breath puffs out in clouds against the frost-streaked window. And then Steve hears it too; a rumble in the ground, too consistent to be thunder.
no less.
That course of action was the most tried and true, no doubt. Eroding the bonds of a strong relationship was the surest way to alter a target’s mind. Forcing a person to reexamine their closest memories under a microscope, finding the worst motives in every crack and scar. Most people were already paranoid, it didn't take much to convince someone to believe the absolute worst of their loved ones:
“I stopped doing what I was doing. Immediately.” Steve chooses to misunderstand the question. “When I saw how much it hurt everyone, I had to make sure I never did that to anyone ever again-”
The corner of Steve's mouth twitched.  "We were supposed to be at the church two hours ago.”
“Yes?”
A wave of uncertainty hit him. Was it worth it, to destroy another man's mind for the chance to fix his mistake?
believe in it?”
The others made vague sounds of agreement, and Steve was tempted to concur.
They make it down those ten floors relatively unharmed, suffering no worse than a tear in the side of his suit (Steve), and slightly burned fingers (Tony).
“We have a lot of planning to do,” Steve agreed, joining them both at the table.
Besides, he was getting ahead of himself. There was no way a lamp as classy as Tony would give him a second glance.
“Way to for the jugular there, Nat.” Steve didn’t look up from the stove. So they really were going to address the elephant in the room. His spatula knocked against a yolk too hard and it broke, flooding the pan with its yellow guts. Dammit.
“Steve Rogers. Sam Wilson. Natasha Romanoff. Nakia tells me you are the best so I'll cut right to the chase.” T’Challa said briskly. "Inception. I’m told you can do it."
“Is that so?” Business-like as ever, Nakia began running through a list of solutions. “We can settle this the corporate way; absorb his company into WDG and shut the project down internally.”
Scott tapped Sam on the shoulder.
To his horror, Steve feels his ears going red at the mental images
“We’ve been here for days… I don't know how much longer we can hold out...” Stane groans theatrically.
The ground shudders beneath them - the sound of a hundred iron-shod feet marching on the van.
Sensing they were approaching a touchy subject, Steve decided not to pry. “Alright, now that you understand the basics, I have a test for you.”
The structural pillars explode in a spray of concrete and steel. A resounding crack rips the air as the shockwave tears the freeway in two, obliterating the stretch of road and the first two ranks of armored cars. The explosion opens up a chasm separating Steve’s team from the remaining projections - the ones that don’t brake in time go plummeting into the river alongside the debris.
Stark’s eyes widen in horror and all aggression bleeds out of him like sand from an hourglass. “Leave her out of this.”
Steve knows, with bloody-knuckled conviction, how it's like to push back extra hard, so nobody looks too hard at the cracks.
There seemed to be no end to everyone’s opinions over what Bucky would or wouldn't have wanted.
Steve presses on. “Can you remember how you got here or what you were doing just now?”
the sole focus of all Tony’s energy is different from seeing it on screen: all Tony had done was flirt outrageously and dive into trouble, unconcerned with Steve’s efforts to rescue his ungrateful - but extremely well-formed - backside.
Steve woke with a gasp as if he'd been punched. Rolling to his side, he immediately grabbed his totem off the bedside table and dropped it to the ground.
The noise dies away abruptly, leaving a ringing silence in its wake. The pause lingers, one second, two seconds, three…
When Steve proposed, saying yes had been the most terrifying and yet simplest decision Tony had ever made. Announcements were made, dates were set, and lots and lots of ‘Hooray We’re Engaged’ sex was engaged in.
Steve stood in the doorway of the workshop wearing his wedding suit and a vexed expression.
“You mean if I wanted to be in the Louvre, I could create it myself instantly instead of flying to Europe?”
“Yeah. Right” Steve responded woodenly, and didn't speak further.
“A dream.” Stark presses his lips together. “Really, now. And who, pray tell, is behind this?”
Sam leaned against the counter. “Talk to me, you barely talk about what happened.”
“There's nothing to debate. I have to do this,” Steve tightened his grip on the spatula. “I owe him that much.”
“Wait till you see what’s next,” Natasha muttered.
“No I don't.” T’Challa shot him a decidedly unamused look while Nakia hid a smile behind a hand.
Wanda’s hands are pressed to her mouth. “What do we d-?”
T'Challa looked to Nakia, who nodded. “How would you like to have your friend back? Five years is a long time to be in a coma.”
T’Challa’s face had turned stern, closed off. "My reasons are my own. And unless it's your policy to interrogate your clients so, I'll be the one conducting this interview."
Do you have any clue what he could be after?”
Sam eyed the money uneasily. “Steve, we should walk away from this.”
The pair of humans lumbered off to continue whatever humans did when they shed their packaging.
“That only speaks to his poor leadership,” T’Challa pressed his lips together, disappointed.
He gives Tony’s shoulder a squeeze. “We can definitely use-”
T’Challa quickly took his leave, slipping away from the cheering masses. If there was to be any chance of averting that terrible future, he had to move fast.
. Steve thumbed the pages idly, smiling slightly at the colourful costumes and overly complicated booby traps.
There was a glass-walled conference room in the center of the office. And inside, slumped over the table, both hands cuffed to a bolt in the floor, was Stark.
“But honestly they give me too much credit - I show up for the speech, shake a few hands, I mean, it's not like I-” Stark abruptly stopped walking. “You haven’t said much, Tall Blond, and Brooding. I hope I’m not boring you?”
“Coming.” Daisuke called, “Also did you finish your paperwork?”
“Umm not sure, it’s our first time here.” The blonde guy rubbed the back of his neck as a red flush appeared on his face.
“Fine fine you win Dai.” Takeru mumbles, blush high on his cheeks.
Pepper looked over at Tony, humming in quiet thought, “I didn’t know you were taking Biology this semester.”
“Goodnight my star.” Robin softly says, wrapping his arms around Chrom’s midsection, falling asleep intertwined with soft smiles on their faces.
“Thanks V.” Daisuke says, feeling the butterflies threatening to overwhelm him and choke him.
“This is like the Holy Grail.” Pon whispered.
Lady Artemis friends- Friends that are allowed to talk to Tony without being ignored, not close to initiate conversation and know any secrets. Current: 0
He turned the corner on the third floor as he walked up the staircase going to the 5th floor. He walked a little more before he came upon a strange group, the three Triwizard champions and a lone Slytherin, Theodore Nott. They seemed to be talking about classes, but Harry paid them no mind as he walked right closer to them, and he resumed his grumbling.
Steve shrugs, “I have no problems with sharing Tony, we’d just need to make a schedule to keep things in order.”
“Yes yes, we can talk more tomorrow, let’s just go to sleep.” Natasha admonished them.
“What?” Yuri blinks in confusion as he looks at the shy Flynn.
“That’s nice.” Flynn says, as he shrinks down, seemingly contemplating something.
Tony gathered some soap before he started the same treatment on Natasha. He started at her shoulders, soothing the knots of tension he felt before he went down her arms, Natasha releasing moans of appreciation as he worked out the knots through there. He eventually finished with the arms before he went down her back and legs soothing all the muscles.
“Yes.” Regas nodded his head eagerly, looking like an overexcited puppy.
Yuri glances up with a smile, Flynn’s shocked face and Estelle’s wide eyes greeting him, “She’s my oldest friend, about 3 years before I met Flynn, I met Olivia and we hit it off and started to correspond with letters.” Yuri glances at them and starts again, “And before you say why I didn’t introduce her, she usually travels all over the world so I never know when I’ll meet her again, I haven’t seen her in 5 years, well besides facetime and texts, so there was never a good time to mention her.”
It was slowly approaching Christmas time in the Avengers Tower. The entire tower was decked out in festive lights and streamers throughout the entire common floor. There was a large 12’ christmas tree off in the corner, decked out in globes and lights. There were several plates of cookies on the countertop with 12 glasses of milk, in various stages of being drunk. Next to the cookies were plates of Fruitcake, cupcakes, cake, and other sweets.
“I divide my friends into levels based on what they do. Actions, speaking, mannerisms, lies, I analyze everything and place them in categories.”
The next 5 minutes passed quickly as Hiakri and Mimi got drinks and snacks for everyone to eat while they waited, and eventually Veemon walked into the clearing followed by two kids.
“Wait, you can get hacked?” Bruce asks in shock.
“Yea but I got Friday monitoring me 24/7 for any presences outside of mine and the bots and Friday.”
“Enjoy.” With an exaggerated hand movement Tony sat down and filled his plate, the rest of the superheroes doing the same.
Daisuke grins at the friendly banter as they slowly walk toward the confused group, whoo all banded together after watching a crying Taichi hug a total stranger, “No I’m just a giant at 6’4” no biggie.”
“Oh really?” Jishuka said, leaning forward in interest.
“Oh is it already that time.” Daisuke mused before he waved a hand, “Sure sure go ahead I’ll explain everything.”
“I’ll answer your question right now, don’t worry.” Yuri shushes Flynn with a finger, “So while I don’t feel romantic attraction, I still feel urges of a sort to a person. One other type of attraction I do feel is aesthetic attraction, which essentially means looks. I like your hair, your face, your body, etc. So I’m just attracted to you in a different way than romantically, nothing bad. And on the other hand while I am fine with having sex, it does nothing for me, it hardly brings me pleasure, it’s just a chore unless I’m doing it for my partners pleasure which is another story.”
Tony spluttered in surprise, definitely not expecting this question, “W-with m-me? W-why?”
Regas turned bright red, turning his head away as he mumbled inaudible words.
“How the fuck did you do that?” Clint asked, staring at everyone’s shocked faces and Tony’s smug face.
Aether joyfully laughs as he processes the statement before shaking his head, “No, no. In fact I’m older than all of you combined.”
Tony shifts his attention to the legs and discards the scrubber, rubbing with his hands and releasing the knots in the calves and bottom of the feet. Steve hums in appreciation when Tony soothes the soles of his feet, since they've been hurting from the end of the mission.
Harry turned back to see who was coming up and was surprised to see Cedric walking up to him, pinking tinting his cheeks.
“Y-You have one hell of a story to tell us Mister.” Hikari hiccuped as she tried to be as threatening as possible.
Tony grinned as he got confirmation that in another week, all four of them would be coming over to help him with the cafe. Pepper would help him with finances, Bruce would be the wizard in the kitchen with JOCASTA, and Happy and Rhodey would just help out occasionally when he had a sudden influx of customers.
“Why don’t you pick the movie today?” Clint suggested, voice muffled in Natasha’s shoulder.
“I thought to adopt kids you need a stable income, a good house, and whatever else you need.” Soida says through clenched teeth, staring at Yuri with fury.
Tony incredulously stared at Natasha, “I was part of a team with a demigod, a Hulk, a super soldier, and a super spy. The only one I felt even remotely close to in strength would be Clint since he was relatively human like me. I needed a way to be on par with the rest of the team.”
This startles a laugh out of Tony, causing Steve to melt as he listens to the sound, “No not just for that. DUM-E is able to code and hack. Butterfingers is the doctor able to perform surgery while also being able to engrave. Finally U is the producer, producing all of my materials needed for making anything I have.”
“Oh.” Harry says, smirk growing wider, “Now I’m extra curious.”
“Fine, fine you win. But we will talk tomorrow right?” Takeru whispered, still feeling insecure.
Takeru said, excitedly grinning.
“Hmm?” Tony hummed in a questioning tone as he scooped out the chicken and added the pasta, milk and butter into the pot letting it slowly sit.
“Good night love.” Steve mumbled against Tony’s collarbone.
“Yes,” Scott steps up, feeling a little more confident as Tony didn’t give a blatant rejection yet, “We all want to date you. We’ll wait until you decide who you want to date.”
“Are you guys busy after this?” Grid spoke up, slotting the sword into his inventory. Everyone stopped what they were doing and looked over at Grid.
A few weeks later comes a large fight against the Risen as they venture forward to Tiki’s abode to talk to Naga through her. Robin slowly moves forward, shouting and shooting Thunder from his tome and swipes with his sword.
“Can I help you?” Harry bounty asked, wanting to get to the Room of Requirements and relax with a bottle of butterbeer and treacle tart by the fireplace.
Pon and Zednos were also discussing options of their various armor.
Silence descended across the group as they digested the words that Aether told them.
Without any more questions, JARVIS restarted the movie while the others all got comfortable in their previous positions. Only thing that changed was that Steve had Tony’s feet in his lap as Tony spread out on the couch.
“Oh?” Robin hums in interest, as he sits up straighter and crosses his legs. He knows this’ll be serious, especially froom how nervous Chrom looks all of a sudden, “I’m all ears, go ahead.”
“He didn’t because he’s afraid of what other people would think,” Yufine answered before anyone else, surprising people with her mature answer and voice, “So he always hides them, but after we found out he sleeps better with others everyone always pulled Robin into their bed so he could actually sleep.”
“Merry Christmas and I love you guys too.”
“I did not know that.” Clint filled in the silence.
“So your parents are dead and your sister is missing?” Zhongli said, a bit bluntly.
“Good night then.” Tony and Wanda said at the same time as they both laid down and went to bed.
“Don’t worry I got this.” Tony got out a large pot that he filled up with cocoa powder, sugar, vanilla extract, and some salt.
“Levels?” Bucky questioned, staring between the two of them.
“Hey Tony back for more?” Meg, the cashier, greeted with an easy smile which turned into a worried frown as she took in Tony’s appearance, “You should get some sleep, you look horrible.”
“Aww.” Klee said sadly as she went to hug Aether from behind.
Aether turns around and sees that everyone, including the two archons, is processing Aether’s statement.
“Yes,” Robin nods, “Those Chaos Rifts allow you to travel through to their world, so I traveled through it. I fought in many wars and battles with them on my side, it was a good time.” Robin wistfully sighs.
“PAPA?!” The others yelled, all looking shocked, particularly Takeru.
“Hmmmmm.” Tony tries to think of a good movie, “Love, actually okay?”
“What the hell do you mean you have kids? You’re married?” Taichi asks, incredulous.
Bellissima thrills back at him in a variety of high and low thrills.
Tony casually strutted into the empty kitchen, looking for a snack. The Avengers just finished a fight against some Doom bots, which was pathetically easy. They all decided to skip debriefing today and come back to the tower and relax for the rest of the day. Tony decided to fly ahead since he had to fix the armor.
“Holy shit that does feel better.” Tony let out a moan of appreciation as his girls soothed all of his muscles starting at his back and arms before moving down his spine and over his legs, soon they both finished with all muscles in Tony’s.
“Sure sure.” Tony waves a hand towards Bellissima, “You can go visit Ghiaccio, but make sure to bring him some puffs.”
“It wasn’t that bad.”  Steve smiled in wry amusement as everyone spread out on the couches with Tony in the kitchen.
“Papa.” The two kids yelled, running over to Daisuke and hugging him around the waist.
“I decided to do something a little out of the ordinary so I wanted to know if I could tell you guys about it.” Grid winked at them, grin wide on his face.
“Finally a nice bed.” Wanda sighed as she snuggled into Tony’s side, Natasha laid out on Tony’s other side.
“You aren't. I’d follow you anywhere, man. Nat, too.” Sam shook his head tiredly. “We're just worried.”
Last-minute changes were nothing new in their line of work, Steve told himself, keeping a composed face over his jangling nerves. It was just the… personal nature of this particular job that had him on edge.
“Sure thing,” Nat pulled up a slideshow of images on the projector screen. “Tony Stark, age 46. Genius level IQ. Graduated MIT at 17, took over as CEO at 21 after his parents’ death. Multiple PhDs in physics and engineering. Hundreds of patents in weapons and defense systems. Philanthropist. Casanova.”
“Okay, okay, I'll be good. I even have one of those eco-friendly bulbs so I can last longer this time.” Tony lengthened his string, lowering his balls to Steve’s surface. As he bore down, his shutters began to open, unfurling like the petals of a flower.
Tony fluttered his eyes mock-seductively. “Why, Captain, I thought you said we were on the clock, but if you insist- oh.” Instead of going for his pants, Steve looped the bow tie around his neck and began tying it for him.
He thought of Stark, brown eyes broken and pleading. Thought of Bucky, After, crooked grin never quite reaching his eyes.
After what seems like an eternity, the enormous train grinds to a stop. Its hulking metal body lies in the crossbar of the junction like a corpse of some massive beast, cutting off their only exit.
Steve's grip on the jamb tightened so fast that it crunched a deep gouge into the wood. The two bodyguards tensed into fighting stances but T’Challa didn't even bat an eye.
Steve leaned against a column. “No, nobody’s angry. Luckily, there isn’t anyone booked after us so the minister agreed to push our wedding back. But we should still hurry; I don't know how much longer Natasha can protect Peter from Bucky and Sam.”
“What-?”
“Your friend has cool hair. Is that the unicorn hair trend-?”
“Who’s currently the only person trying to help you,” Steve fires back impatiently. “Why don't you shut up for a second and do as you're told?”
“Since when did this become my life?” Stark mutters, rolling his eyes at the ceiling. “Is your entire kidnapping club hopped up on happy juice, or is it just you?”
“It ages you,” Wanda tries to hide a smile but it bursts from her in a giggle, her mood seemingly lifted by the shining surroundings. “And you behave like such an old man that I keep forgetting you're only, what, five, six years older than me?”
Nodding, Steve extended a hand. “Great work, Wanda, you're hired.”
Almost. There’s something else hidden in beneath the idealistic spiel. No, this wasn't just about politics - Steve can sense something personal buried beneath.
Steve goes for neutral. “Unconventional.”
“Nah, the meeting for that is next Tuesday.” Sam said drily. “Support group for Steve’s friends who put up with his crazy shit.”
Wanda blinks, then gives him a terse nod. “Thank you.” She stares determinedly at her feet but Steve can catch a flash of brightness in her eyes.
Inception. The word opened up a pit of dread in his stomach. Sam’s initial assessment was right: this job was much too risky. Too many things that could go wrong in a mission as complicated as this. And that was assuming T’Challa would and even
They can’t escape even if they wanted to; the somnacin keeps them under for one full cycle at the very least. The only way out is to go deeper into the labyrinth.
“The architect creates the world of the dream; buildings, landscapes, whatever you can think up.” Steve said. Of course, the world of the dream was only as expansive as the architect’s imagination: a competent designer could create mazes that would take hours to solve, a skilled one - days. Anyone who could design a maze that took months - years - to break through was on another level.
“That’s gonna sting,” Scott commented. “Exes are always messy.”
“So you're my subconscious here to kick my own ass. Make me a better person and all.” Tony leans against the wall with a short laugh. “My, how very life coach of me.”
Stark is pressed against the pipe, hanging limply from the cuffs as his breaths pant in and out shallowly. With his half-closed eyes showing only a slice of white, he looks on the verge of passing out.
A bitter laugh bursts from Stark’s lips. “What good did all that greatness do Mom? She wasn’t even supposed to be in the car that day,” He squeezes his eyes shut. “She only went along because she was worried about him, as usual. Selfish bastard…”
“You.” Steve ignores him. “We couldn’t get the woman to talk, but something tells me you will.”
And the circle of road beneath the van
that lurked in in his dreams.
“Excuse me?” Stark blinks.
But when it came to the dream world, the four of them were an unstoppable team; Steve as the Architect, creating worlds for them to work in. As a Point man, Sam was reliable and organized, holding the team together with his steady presence. Wily and mercurial, Natasha’s Forging skills allowed her slip into any disguise. Bucky, always a natural with people, could Extract info from the most stubborn of marks. All three of them had unequivocally decided that Steve should be the one in charge.
"We're here for you, Steve." Sam nodded.
Drawing closer, Tony reaches his un-gauntleted hand towards the carriage, and the sight sends Steve into high alert.
Tony’s response is to gawk.
In that darkened ballroom, packed tight with world leaders and business tycoons, T’Challa could sense the beginnings of a storm like no other; ULTRON was far too powerful to ever be used safely. He knew with a lightning certainty that the unnatural - evil, there was no other word for it - technology would lead the world to its doom. He knew it beyond a doubt.
Tony glanced at his phone. On the screen were hundreds of missed notifications, not just from Steve, but Rhodey, Pepper, Happy, Bruce, and Peter. Oops.
“What are you talking about? I had to bail both of us out.” Stark looks at Stane strangely, zeroing in on her lapse with razor precision. “Wait a minute, something’s not right here…”
Tony felt a bit put out. He'd known tables before at the furniture store: They were big sticks-in-the-mud for the most part, staid and inflexible.
“He must've flatlined in the real world,” A drained Sam swipes at the cold sweat on his forehead. “Congrats, ladies and gents, you just got a sneak peek into the great unknown…”
Tony shuddered. Seriously, Steve had endured enough strife for ten lifetimes, and he deserved to be pampered and showered with gifts. Tony would summon up every scrap of love from the bottom of his shrivelled, shrapnel-scarred heart to make this the best gosh-darned day Steve would ever have.
“Just put that down there, I don't like being handed things. And to address your concerns-” Tony turns to him, eyes blazing with that same passion. “It’s an imperfect world, but it’s the only one we got. Trust me, this is the best way, the
“Of course.” Steve nodded.
“I've seen colder. And if it can protect the people I love?” Tony sets his jaw determinedly. “It's worth it.”
“Right back at ya, might wanna tamp down on the manhandling if you're trying to get people to listen to you.” Tony's wariness is back, and with a hiss he rubs at his wrists where twin handprints are forming.
“Are you okay? Hey, what’s that?” Tony swung himself over, trying to figure out what it was.
Stark had spent the last half hour on stage talking up himself, before introducing his latest invention in his usual cocky manner. He described a terrifyingly powerful artificial intelligence with a flippancy that was perhaps even more terrifying. With every feature Stark listed, T’Challa’s dread had grown.
It was hard to remember he'd had a whole life before the Incident happened. Everything he remembered was divided into Before and After.
They hadn’t even started digging into Stark’s life yet, but it felt intensely wrong to stand here watching the man going through a mental breakdown. Steve never knew the right things to say in these types of situations.
Not his best speech, but it works; Sam and Natasha are looking steadier and the hollowed-out look was starting to fade from Wanda’s eyes.
), with what looks like a small cannon embedded in the palm. “This should hold off those metal goons.”
“It shouldn’t be doing that, I just changed the bulb.”
Wanda’s phone wallpaper was a photo of her laughing with an arm wrapped around a young man. She looked younger in the image - her hair was wavy and honey blonde while his was an eye-searing shade of silver.
He sat up and ran a hand through sweat-soaked hair, willing the traces of the nightmare to fade. Taking deep gulps of oxygen, his racing heart started to return to its normal speed.
Tony squawked, nearly falling off his chair. "What are you doing here? It's bad luck to see me before the ceremony."
Steve’s smile turned impish. “That too, but let's not get ahead of ourselves.” And then he was leaning in so that their foreheads were pressed together, with his breath whispering against Tony’s lips. “You don't need to try so hard to impress me. Everything about you already takes my breath away. ”
Stark made a derisive sound. “Yeah, give them a front row seat to your bullshit, why don't you? Inflict the knowledge that you're
“That bad, huh?” Steve mutters.
They both look up in time to see Scott pulling up in a van, Natasha and T'Challa in tow. All of them are wearing animal masks to hide their faces.
No, the insidiousness of that plan made Steve feel sick. Breaking up Stark’s relationships was not the right thing to do - there had to be another way. Steve couldn't pretend there was anything moral about what they were planning to do. But he could put it in a gentler guise, if only for his own conscience.
“Find someone else to do this. I’m out.” Not caring how rude it might look, Steve turned his back on the king to leave.
Some of Wanda's sullenness had fallen away as Steve explained the basics of dream-building.
Stark still looks on edge, casting glances at the shield as if he's afraid Steve is going to brain him with it next. The realisation makes Steve quickly lower the shield and stow it on his back harness.
Sending up a silent prayer to any deity that could hear him, Steve made his decision.
Tony gives him the finger without even turning round. “Worry about yourself, I'll take my own chances.”
Steve rolls his eyes. “No, not the press line. Why do
T’Challa gazed out the hotel window at the New York skyline, resisting the urge to pace. Stark’s tower stood out from the rest the skyscrapers, glinting in the setting autumn sun. The huge ugly building was visible throughout the city no matter where you were. The arrogant bastard probably planned that way. “Stark’s artificial intelligence is too dangerous to be allowed to exist. It has to be taken down.”
the realisation dawns on Steve as he watches in fascination.
Scott’s mouth was hanging open at the massive overload of information. “Where do we even begin unpack all this… we’ve got the distant parents, the ex-girlfriend, the sleazy business partner, international kidnapping...” He shook his head in disbelief. “I've seen soap operas less complicated than this.”
It was painfully ironic: all his working time was spent in dreams hunting down other people's secrets. When he slept, his own nightmares pursued him.
“What's a train even doing in the middle of my city? I didn't design any metro systems,” Wanda demands, flipping through her drawings agitatedly. “And I double, triple checked all my plans.”
Tony felt himself growing hot again. All this while he’d thought he was the only one pining after Steve, but oh, how the tables had turned “I bet you say that to all the other lamps.”
Steve shakes his head, deciding not to read too much into it. “It's from a cartoon about- you know what, never mind, you probably haven't heard of it.”
.” His lips peel back in a brazen smirk. “Do your worst, Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.”
The aluminium tower crumples in a scream of metal. The recoil sends Tony flying back, and he fetches up against Steve, who catches him before he can tumble any further.
“That’s cool, how you guys have this superhero spy thing going on.” Wanda looked excited at the prospect, no doubt imagining all types of adventurous scenarios. “Sure beats the internship my friend got at some ad agency.”
“Easy, I'll get that for you.” Steve retrieved the pill box and handed it to Stark, who practically snatched it out of his hands. The dark-haired man shakily tapped out two tablets and dry-swallowed them.
“Can you save him?”
At least it would be, if Tony didn't do something about it.
He quickly waved it away before Steve could turn and see that his boxer-clad backside was trending all over the internet. He felt another stab of guilt - Tony didn't mind making a spectacle of himself, but Steve did.
“A good architect needs to be able to design on the fly, creating structures that are convincing enough to fool the mark, while also being tactically sound.” Steve said. “You have two minutes to design a maze that takes me one minute to solve. Go.”
It’s out of pure practicality - if Tony has a way to defend himself then it makes Steve’s job of protecting him a hell of a lot easier. Tony’s unfairly expressive eyes have nothing to do with it.
Steve’s own eyes are starting to water from the intensity, and he hopes Stark can’t see how his grip on the gun is starting to shake.
“Is this some kind of joke?” Stark’s shoulders stiffen, cuffed hands sliding off the table to clench in his lap. “I don’t know what your game is, but damned if I'm gonna let some fluffed-up Backstreet Boy wannabe-”
Now… He hopes he hasn’t just condemned everyone to an even worse fate.
And then one day Steve arrived.
Tony strained to reach Steve but his anchorings kept him bound to the ceiling. He swung anxiously. This was unacceptable, he couldn't just hang here while Steve was violated below him
Pepper’s scream rings out again.
Steve felt tired in a way that had nothing to do with lack of sleep. It was an inception which had got him into this mess, and the only way out was to perform another inception.
“Is it?” Steve rubs at his now clean-shaven chin. His hair is shorter and spikier, with a lot more blond in it - the way it always is whenever he dreamwalks. “Did I look that terrible before?”
Natasha touched his arm. “Steve, we're ready.”
“Don’t you know what happens when you overheat? I don’t want you to burst like the last time!” Steve was pissed. “You can’t keep putting yourself into danger like this! The Owner might think you’re faulty and have you thrown out.”
“We could tell him to stick it to the old man by tearing everything down,” Scott offered. “They hated each other, so let's go with the daddy issues.”
Their whole nation, brought to its knees by an idea. They had come so close to losing everything.
Steve seizes on that. “What sort of-”
“You can’t move past anything until you face it.” Sam turned his mug around in his hands. “Ignoring stuff isn't gonna help you.”
“You’re here to stop him-”
Surprisingly, Stark followed him without question. And for a while they walked in silence around the quad, their shoulders brushing together occasionally.
“Yes, about those.” Steve said slowly.
The contact made Tony flicker. Against his balls, the wood felt like nothing he had ever felt before. To Tony, a creature of science and technology, it was a sensation both alien and thrilling: he could sense the echo of preserved organic life beneath the coat of varnish, the whisper of the tree Steve once was, ripened by age and made beautiful by craft.
“I wouldn’t want to be alone.” Steve said, feeling like the biggest hypocrite in the world and desperately hoping he wasn’t giving the wrong answer. They were getting into dangerous territory again, and with Stark in such a vulnerable mental state, there was no telling what could set him off. “I’d want a friend…”
“Waste not. It’s not like this buckethead is gonna need it anymore-” and Tony launches into a searing critique of the projection’s many design flaws and how much better it would have functioned if he had built it.
The least Steve could do was to make sure Stark was alright until his minders showed up.
I changed a few things to try and avoid doing a complete copypasta of the film.
[Humans POV]
It was night time and they were seated at one of the study areas surrounding the quad. Everything was quiet except for the distant boom of music from an event going on at a different part of the school. To anyone passing by it looked like a regular tutoring session between a college student and a TA.
Now he and Sam were back to square one, only with bruised knuckles and a whole lot of wasted time.
“Then trust me on this.” Steve said, feeling more like he was trying to convince himself. “I’m fine.”
Tony takes out the power core and starts disassembling it. “Imagine every battle won before it begins. ULTRON can neutralize threats before they even materialize - identify the threat down to blood type, political affiliation, favorite TV show-”
Steve nodded. “Agreed.” He extended his hand to T'Challa, who shook it as if he conducted clandestine business deals every day.
Oh. This was what Natasha meant when she said that being recognized could throw a wrench in their plans.
“Honey turn around I have to do your back, then your face and we’re done. I’ll also give you another massage once we get into bed.”
Tony offered a frail smile, running a hand through grease soaked hair, knowing he looked horrible. He had dark blue bruises of sleep under his eyes, with exhaustion seeping through every muscle. His clothes looked like they’d been worn all week, which is exactly what happened, and his posture slipped into a low slouch.
“What the hell was that?” Steve questions staring at Tony.
Steve sat down while Tony immediately laid down and leaned right on Steve. Steve unsure of what to do, froze for a moment before he brought his hand up and wrapped it around Tony’s shoulder, pulling him into his side more. They silently ate their cakes while Clint put on some type of action movie from Tony’s massive collection.
Harry groaned as he woke up, rubbing his eyes, as he forced himself awake. He took a glance around and smiled when he saw the others, Neville, Ron, Seamus, and Dean, were all dead asleep and snoring in their beds. Harry got out of bed and quickly got dressed and walked out into the common room.
“Dragon Charge.” She cheerfully calls out, jumping high in the air and bringing her sword down on a group of 15 risen, killing them all.
“Raven, just admit it already you are an old drunk.” Yuri huffed, picking himself up before taking Karol in one hand and Rita under his other, “The only thing you do is drink, it’s a good thing you’re a high functioning alcoholic cause I’d kick your ass for drinking around my kids.”
“Yea I finished last night,” Veemon replied, “What about you?”
The others exchanged confused glances at the word level, while Tony replied, “Lady Hestia.”
Yufine adopts a thinking pose, continuing to walk next too Robin, “I haven’t with Alencia, Mort, Luna, or the Dragon Knights. Not even Cecilia.”
“Why should I have gone to the hospital if I didn’t feel anything. I thought I was okay until I stepped out of my suit, but I’ve done this hundreds of times by myself.” Tony waves off the looks as he starts to prepare his bread.
“Know what?” Wanda’s curious voice asked.
“Robin…” Chrom trails off, unsure how to continue now that he has his full attention, “I, uh, I have something to tell you?”
“In around 2 hours yes, but we can afford to be a little late since it is our private jet.” Veemon shouted back, quickly digivolving into Exveemon and getting the coffee and lunches ready.
“Y-You ass it’s been 3 fucking years.” Taichi warbles as he looks up at Daisuke through teary eyes.
“A sleepover at whatever fancy ass place you live in, count me in.”
Aether nodded gratefully to Venti and took a deep breath, “Yes normally I would but as I said I have something else to do today.” Aether then glanced over at Xiao, “I know the Lanturn rite isn’t on anymore but is there anywhere I can find a Lanturn?”
So this is a small funny idea I had, "What if they did everything using bets?" And I also love Harry becoming friends with the other Triwizard champions, and he starts to date Cedric and Theodore Nott (My all time fav threesome) and it just rolled into this.
At exactly 8:05 PM, Aether came running up with a lantern and multiple flowers in his arm.
“Ahhh I need to shower.” Tony grumbled to himself, not wanting to get out of bed just yet.
“I missed you so much Yuri.” Flynn mumbled as he leaned forward again, breathing in Yuri’s unique scent of pomegranate, blueberries, and vanilla shampoo.
“What's that?” Flynn leans backward to look up at Yuri.
“Sure.” Yuri grins, “Want me to start?”
“Sorry Sorry but a lot of shit went down. I'll explain it to all of you eventually.” Daisuke assures Taichi as he notices his confused expression, “Let’s just meet everyone first.”
There was a short silence that was broken by Natasha’s incredulous voice, “Is that really a hard standard?”
“Good morning.” The buff blonde guy greeted, as the entire group stopped in front of the cashier.
Robin stops dead, staring at Chrom like he’s an interesting specimen, “Y-you love me?” He says, a small blush rising to his cheeks as he processes the statement.
Right behind Aether was another table which contained Zhongli, Xiao, Ganyu, Tartaglia, and Albedo who were just watching in silence and drinking their Dandelion wine.
Things progressed pretty much the same until one rainy afternoon Daisuke sought shelter in an abandoned Orphanage in Downtown, meeting two digidestined kids he later adopted after he earned their trust.
“Mostly because its another world in a far off place, so they’d have a different time compared to us.” Robin says.
“Robin can we talk?” Chrom asks, a little worried that Robin wouldn’t want to after what happened.
“Yes he does.” Elena said, finally addressing the group for the first time, “He sleeps a lot better with people than he does by himself, when he came to us he slept with basically everyone, which we imposed after Robin had a nightmare that woke up the whole castle.”
Daisuke just handed the noodles to the guy, turning around to continue cleaning when the guy started screaming about this being the most perfect bowl of noodles he’s ever had. The rest of the day passed by in a blur when the guy brought him to his office and all of a sudden Daisuke is the CEO of the Hakamura group, the leading company in the noodle field.
As Tony walked through the library, looking for a spot to sit, coffee clutched in his hands, pastries under his arms, his mind immediately  went through various equations for Physics, Orgo, Calc, and Quantum, along with reciting words from French, Spanish, German, and Japanese, while also locating bones and muscles for Anatomy and Physiology. He sighed as he thought of all the studying he had to do for tomorrow since he had German, French, Spanish, Japanese, and Calculus 3.
“Finished before I went to bed last night.” Daisuke called back, heading to the bathroom to freshen up and get dressed.
“Yep so now that the nanobots are reprogrammed they basically act as everything for me. This is my favorite one.” Tony grins as he holds his hand out where the nanobots crawl out of his hand and form a usb stick on his finger, with other such cords forming on his other fingers.
“Does anyone else feel incredibly envious of Thor?” Steve questioned, jealousy in his tone as he stood to the side with the others.
Yuri stared at her impassively, “Stop confusing everyone and just say you’re like my sister, I don’t understand why you think kissing me is the way.”
The Avengers were out on the balcony playing around in the snow, which was being helped by Thor’s powers. Steve and Bucky were wrestling out in snow, laughing and giggling while shoveling snow down each other's shirts. Thor and Bruce were nearby watching the scene, shaking heads in amusement. Wanda and Pietro were making a small snowman on the bar of the balcony.
“That’s some pretty serious back up you got.” Bucky whistled in awe.
“Elena.” Robin calls out, excitement in his voice as Elena’s head snaps up in disbelief.
“Ummmm 5.” Tony said, a question in the air, and as Pepper still glared at him he deflated and responded glumly, “12.”
Tony got up sliding a black apron over his head and tying it behind his back, unlocking the door and switching the sign to open. He wandered back to his chair in front of the cashier, pulling out his phone and answering texts from his four best friends, Virginia “Pepper” Potts, Happy Hogan, James “Rhodey” Rhodes, and Bruce Banner.
“No not really, why?” Jishuka said, shaking her head in negative.
“Me and my girlfriend are happy to help you at any time. Just text or call for anything, even if you just want to talk.” Meg winked as she ripped off a receipt and handed it to Tony, his usual order of two black coffee’s with some added blueberry pastries.
SilverPheonix asked me for a Tony Stark/Natasha Romanov/Wanda Maximoff fluff pairing so I tired. Most of them are rather short since it's after mission.
“Oh come on, just let me know the name already.” Harry whines.
“Yea who knew you’d become such a famous little bro.” Jun said, a smirk clearly evident.
“Damn you really don’t want anyone to get in this server.” Natasha said.
“Well we can talk more tomorrow, I actually want to sleep right now.” Daisuke stretches a bit, before he grabs Takeru and drags him along, “You’re also coming with me. The maids will show you your rooms.”
“Why though?” Jishuka asked.
“Damn we really should’ve thought of that earlier instead of constantly fighting each other over him.” Clint huffed.
“All done.” Tony grinned before he turned around to Wanda doing the exact same treatment and at the end they all felt relaxed.
“Tony you’re making us stave here.” Clint grouched as he practically drooled onto the table.
“Hmmm.” Tony hummed as he measured and cut the ingredients with lightning fast movements, “I’m making Pastina and Chicken Gnocchi soup, Ciambotta, Spaghetti alla Carbonara, Frittata, and Tiramisu.”
“Oh shit, Thor in a mood again?” Tony said as soon as he stepped outside of the elevator.
“Ohh.” Tony mutters before he waves the team around him. The team comes to sit around him, all of them making sure they can keep an eye on him. “All I did was relocate my dislocated shoulder and splinted my broken ulna and radius.”
The others all sat down, restless with anticipation on what Aether could be doing today, but they all resolved to do their commissions and wait for Aether on Starsnatch Cliff.
“Do you actually understand her?” Steve asks, curious to know more about the man he loves.
“Hmmm so you’re basically a computer.” Wanda mutters, staring in fascination.
Tony lowers Steve into the water, who groans in pleasure as the hot water caresses his skin and soothes his aching muscles.
“I love you Robin.” Chrom whispers back, also spotting the adoration and love Robin has for him.
Daisuke softly laughs as he tugs the kids in his lap, the girls cooing how cute they are in their dress and suit respectively, “Nope not married, I ran into these two in an abandoned orphanage and after gaining their trust I adopted them. I also found out they have Digimon.”
“Yea and you’re dangerous as fuck with them also. Remember last night?” Hermione retorted sharply.
Pepper slammed her hands on the table, which would’ve spilled Tony’s coffee if he hadn’t already finished them.
“They can come back and forth through these Chaos Rifts?” Chrom said, trying too wrap his head around the rifts.
“Yea we can cook any type of food you want.” Tony turned around, yelling, “JOCASTA you listening?”
“For breaking up with you and not telling you why.” Flynn says, looking away from Yuri.
Tony looks up and just looks at Steve’s earnest expression, his bright blue eyes lit with affection, adoration, honesty, and love all aimed at Tony.
“We?” Taichi questioned, dragging Daisuke over to a chair with everyone sitting next to him, Takeru sitting as closely as humanly possible without seeming weird, ignoring the amused glances.
So here's a Tony owns a cafe AU, I thought it was pretty cute. Any mistakes let me know and I can fix it. Also sorry if my writing is messy and all that but I don't really have a way with words even if I try.
Tony sighed as he gently picked up Bellissima and set her on his shoulder, “This girl here has been trying to find a mate for the last 5 years and she can’t find anyone that matches her standards. Even if her standard list is only one point long.”
“I..” Harry clears his throat, Cedric looking on with a hopeful expression, “I am totally not opposed.
Tony hummed in thought, missing the looks everyone shot him, “I was able to reprogram them in time and now they basically line the parts of the eaten organs. This in essence means they are now my heart, my stomach, my lungs, etc. So they basically breathe for me, eat for me, and pump blood for me.”
“Please tell me you weren’t as stupid as I thought to do what you said last year.” Pepper begged, voice pleading.
“My dear songstress I have finished.” Robin appears behind Elena, who turns with a smile and a hug.
“You like it?”
“Raspeball and Sodd for me and my brother. Thor and Loki.” Thor waved a hand between him and the sullen brown haired guy, Loki.
“Hush children I finished the Pastina, Spaghetti alla Carbonara and the Ciambotta. The frittata is almost finished along with the chicken gnocchi soup and the Tiramisu is just chilling.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Harry immediately went to the large couch, tossing his stuff under the table with a sigh, as he sunk into the soft seat. The other followed at a slower pace, as Cedric and Theo took the open spots next to Harry, and Viktor and Fleur took the single couches.
“Yea I know, maybe we can actually get out and have fun.” Clint grinned as he walked in with Bucky, Natasha, Wanda, and Bruce.
After a few minutes, Katheryne walked in and started to hand out the daily commissions to the Monstandt knights/adventurers and the Liyue group, since they could easily use the waypoint to get back easily.
“W-what?” Chrom says, take aback.
“We will talk later now, let us sing and dance my darling star.” Elena says, a fierce look of determination adorning her face as she preps her harp.
“What about you my dear star? Found a husband yet?” Elena teases Robin, ignoring the exclamations of “Husband?!?! Not Wife?”
“What the hell do you mean by that?” Tony demanded, causing some confusion across the group.
“Jesus christ Clint, no need to have a food orgasm over my awesome cooking skills.” Tony arrogantly says, hiding his small smile.
The Avengers look up, determination lining their faces as they look at Tony.
Tony leaned back, serious expression being replaced with a carefree expression, “But the server they’d have to hack would be moi. Everything is in my head along with my nanobots.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“B-b-but you always do your commissions!” Amber shouted at Aether.
“Yea no idea why or what about.” Clint commented.
Judith saw the exchange and decided that they actually needed to talk, so she bustled Estelle and Sodia out with the excuse of girl shopping, completely ignoring Sodia’s harsh comments, leaving Flynn and Yuri alone in awkward silence.
“For this.” Tony holds out his hand that contorts and then small tiny metal bugs fly out and over the food, eating it fast before flying back into Tony’s hand.
“Sure.” Steve rolled his eyes, but didn’t stop the fond smile that grew on his face, completely ignoring all the looks they received as he bent down and kissed Tony’s head. “Good night.”
“But it’s also fun, I love seeing everyone’s reaction if we do a larger bet.” Harry said, yawning from how tired it was.
“Dai I have to go.” Veemon spoke up, making everyone turn to him.
They soon reach the camp as everyone disperses, the Shepherds shooting Robin with indecipherable glances, as they all think about what they learned.
Steve stared at Tony, bringing up a hand to cup Tony’s face, gently lifting it up to stare at Steve in surprise.
A large bolt of lightning immediately eradicates everything in his path as Robin moves with reckless abandon towards the noise, ignoring all risen not in his path. After a tense 2 minutes he eventually comes to a stop as he spots Elena playing her harp and shooting starlight at the enemies.
“Yes I can communicate with them telepathically. Even if they don’t know much about coding and are much better at helping me out in the lab.” Tony waves it off.
Tony gaped at Bucky as the statement settled in his mind, he glanced at the other Avengers and saw all of them looking self conscious and shuffling around waiting for Tony’s response.
“Yikes.” Harry whispered as Hermione rushed up to him, “What can I do for you ‘Mione?”
“Really?” Flynn’s wide eyes full of hope tug at Yuri’s heart.
“Y-Yuri mind introducing us?” Estelle asked, finally getting her voice back, as she glanced at the others in the group.
“Wait.” Pepper held up a hand, stopping Tony in his tracks as he glanced at Pepper confusingly, “Let me introduce you all to each other before you tell us your horrible schedule.”
“I should hex the shit outta Ron for giving Mione this idea, I swear the next bet we make I’ll make my reward Ron dressing up in a dress and Mione in a tuxedo. Serves them right for making me wear panties. How would I have known that I would receive over 100 letters?” Harry growled lightly as he thought of the mass letters arriving at his table.
“Thanks Flynn.” Yuri grins at Flynn, feeling small flickers of his old feelings.
Daisuke’s grin softed as he crossed the distance, bringing in Takeru for a soft kiss before backing away.
“Yes boss, ready for the orders.” A soft feminine voice echoed from the kitchen.
“Wait what?” Albedo asks, for once dumbfounded.
Aether giggled at the whispered curses aimed at Zhongli’s direct attitude before responding, “Yea but I’ve had a long, long time to get over my parents death, this is just something I do every year.”
This prompted the rest of the Avengers to wish each other a Merry Chritsmas and offer Tony an ‘I love you’ who blushed bright red at their admittance.
“Why did you decide to adopt the kids?” Flynn asks softly, almost seeming afraid of being rejected.
“Yea I’m the only one willing to be his therapist about him since I can be neutral towards him.” Tony says before he goes over to the kitchen just as he sees Thor come over, a moody expression fell over his face as he sat down on the couch.
“T-too c-cold. R-reactor.” Tony stuttered out, trying to bring his arms up to cover his chest. Steve and Bucky pick Tony up, carrying him over to the large 12 person couch.
“Who wants to pick a movie?” Tony questions looking around.
“And that’s my life’s story.” Daisuke finished, leaning backward as exhaustion caught up.
“Please.” Flynn nodded immediately as he stared up at Yuri.
“What, can’t I drag the guy I like to my room to sleep with him? I also mean sleep as in actual sleep.” Daisuke said, clarifying the last sentence.
“You awake Dai?” Veemon’s voice echoed through the house, his lisp only remaining on his name.
“Well I-I w-was wondering…..” Steve trailed off, stuttering and blushing as he tried to get the words out, “Maybe you want to go on a date with me?” He shyly ended, looking hopeful.
“Here you guys can have some also.”
‘Man I don’t know what I would do without Ri and Kar, they are my whole life now, I can’t imagine a life without them,’ Yuri fondly recalled as he thought of his past a “Don’t care” kind of guy, ‘They really changed me, and I even told them about my secret friend that no one knows about, making them very excited to meet her.’
“Of course, I have to properly ask you out now, don’t I?” Daisuke smirks.
“Good luck Dai.” Veemon says, patting Daisuke’s arm in reassurance.
“You’re s-serious?” Tony asks again, beyond confused.
Once he gets a little closer he can spot the people he’s longed to see for 3 years. Mimi and Sora, both grown up and older, are off to one side setting up a table laden with food. Next to them is Jou and Koushiro, both manning the DJ station, while Taichi and Yamato run around making sure everything is done. Hikari and Takeru are off to one side, talking quietly while making party supplies for the get-together. Inoue, Ken, and Iori are all at one table, all of them not having anything to do and stay talking quietly. Surprisingly Jun is also there, helping around all the circles.
“Why though? Just for fun?” Theo asked, but shrinked back a little in fear, seeming surprised when Harry just smiled at him.
“We have.” Elena’s soft voice washed over Robin, immediately relaxing him, “I’ve especially missed you my dear star.”
“Care to introduce us?” Yamato drawled, staring at the tall red haired figure.
Steve hummed in appreciation, “That sounds absolutely divine love.”
“May I kiss you?” Steve gently whispered, unwilling to break the silence.
Wanda gracefully accepts a pen as she signs her name at the bottom of each.
His statement caused Takeru to become stonestill, trying to process the statement.
Tony shuffles, hopping right left, before he blushes and starts to stammer, “W-well i-if you guys don’t mind….”
Daisuke ended the call and walked back to the group, who all looked to be finally processing the information.
Tony shrugs, “Yea it was a lot less back around 10 years ago but then Bellissima wanted something more and something stronger so I helped her with that. Now she’s too strong to find a normal mate, doesn’t help that she’s also trying to find me a mate.”
“Ooo I wanna watch, I wanna watch.” Yufine grins, hopping up and down and raising her arm like a little kid.
Silence filled the gaps as they all tried to process the fact that the bots, the loveable bots, who they thought were just simple AI, were that advanced to help him with everything in the lab.
Characters- Grid, Regas, Jishuka, Faker, Laella, Pon, Zednos
“Absolute idiots all of you.” Tony huffed with a fond smile as he listened to his idiots discuss sharing his time.
Cedric sets Harry back up, both of them panting, blushes evident on their face.
“Wait, the Montague family, one of the most important families in Britain?” Sodia says, shocked.
“Do what? Speak the languages?” Tony grinned as he ran a hand through his hair.
“Songstress let us sing and dance, it has been so long since we have.” Robin tugs Elena toward the camp, as the Shepherds follow behind.
“The bots?” Steve asks.
Aether was in the Monstandt tavern, when he suddenly remembered something he had to do, so he declines his daily commissions, which surprises everyone, and then he goes about. (Zhongli, Venti, Xiao, Tartaglia, Rosaria, Barbara, Lisa, Kaeya, Jean, Diluc, Bennett, Amber, and Albedo) (Cecilia, Glaze Lily, Qingxin, Windwheel Aster, Violetgrass, and Silk Flower)
“Yes, completely serious.” Wanda says.
The others nod quickly in acceptance, packing everything up in record time, and following Daisuke back to his car.
“Yea it’s Meg and her girlfriend, Jewel, they both were really nice and concerned about me, and Meg gave me her number to talk to her so I immediately bumped her up.” Tony offered another shy smile, devouring two pastries in one hand.
Chrom doesn’t say anything as he stands up and closes the distance between them, leaving them standing chest to chest. Chrom raises a hand and cups Robin’s cheek, leaning forward slowly and finally meeting Robin’s soft velvety lips. Chrom groaned at the feeling, tasting the blueberries that Robin ate at breakfast, and feeling the heat go to his gut.
“It was because Robin here is a big cuddler when he sleeps, and he slept with nearly everyone that we traveled with. I swear Kayron, Kawerik, and Sigret looked about ready to murder you.” Elena fondly rolled her eyes in amusement.
So I read this manhwa a few days ago and I decided to do a slight crack pairing of Grid x Regis, alsoo this is most definitely OOC Grid cause he's actually a money hungry person and would do anything for money but I decided to write him a little less money hungry. Also the relationship happened pretty fast but since there isn't gonna be a sequel I decided to make them boyfriends real quick, regardless of how long they're known each other. I got a few more prompts happening in the next few days, one Avengers, a few Digimon, and some Oregairu HayaHachi pairing.
Robin softens a bit more at that, “And I you my dear singer and the dragoness of course.” He adds as he sees Yufine’s pout.
So like thanks to everyone for putting up with my, frankly, shitty writing (Honest opinion here, I think I suck and I'm not saying this for sympathy, I just honestly think I suck so I don't know how anyone likes my stories lol) and my horrible update schedule even if I say I'll update, I haven't had much of a motivation to write much stories, been spending my days grinding in my gacha games (I brought in 2 of my fav characters from Epic Seven, Elena and Yufine, who have an amazing story), reading fanfiction, and playing games on my ds.
Theo also nodded in agreement, shyly responding, “You can do it anytime.”
“Oh my god.” The dirty blonde guy, who could totally be a spy, said, horror etched in his face at the thought of so many classes.
Tony reached out to grab a cup with his left hand but found that he couldn’t move it. He glanced and saw that his shoulder was dislocated and his ulna and radius was broken.
As soon as Tony got out of his armor after the debrief, he came straight up to his bed, not even taking a shower yet.
“Yufine.” Robin says again, as the last girl nods with a smile.
Tony glanced down and saw that she added her name with a little smiley face, he glanced up at her questionably.
Yuri glances at them, before seeing the crowd of people around them, mentions them forward as they walk through the crowd and says, “Well her name is actually Olivia Montague.”
“Just some old friends who invited me today.” Yuri says as he glances at them and points them out, “That’s Flynn, Sodia, Judith, and Estelle and whoever else they decided to bring.
“Why did you drag me here?” Takeru asked, voice serious.
“Fine fine, I guess I can.” Veemon waves his hand in acceptance.
“Ahhh that was good.” Tony stretched as much as he could, considering he was still in Steve’s arms, before he bonelessly collapsed on Steve, “I’m taking a nap now.”
“So if they want the info, they’d have to kill you?” Steve asks, feeling slightly nauseous at the thought of a dead Tony.
“Oh for fucks sake.” Tony groaned before he reached over and popped his shoulder back in place in one fluid motion. He then grabbed two wooden spoons that he had for this very occasion, and splintered his left arm in them, tying them with two rubber bands.
“Hey Tony?” Steve whispered in Tony’s ear, who offered a grunt, “Merry Christmas and I love you.”
“Tell me about it.” Clint sighed as he threw himself on the couch, snuggling  into the blankets.
“I don’t need to find a ‘mate’, I mean yeah it’d be nice, but I don’t NEED one.” Tony says.
They stayed like that for what felt like forever, neither willing to break the moment between them.
“Fuck it.” Steve whispered, getting Tony’s attention.
Daisuke just glared back, “I know it will, doesn't mean I can’t be nervous,” Daisuke pauses as he takes a deep breath, “D-Do you think-”
Tony usually just scoffed at most apologizes, never showing that he was grateful. The only way would be by knowing his ticks and in this particular case, getting armor upgrades and weapons is how Tony shows that he’s grateful.
“Many times love, but you are just as great a lover.” Tony whispers back.
“It means to be on part of the Armoantic or Asexual specturm. I’m actually part of both. Aromantic means to not feel romantic attraction and Asexual means to not seel sexual attraction.”
Bellissima let out another thrill in indignation.
Aether sat at a high chair in front of Diluc right by the bar, currently focused on the paper in front of him. Venti was sitting next to him, merrily laughing and drinking Dandelion wine, happily chatting with Rosaria, Barbara, and Bennett. Sitting at a table right next behind Barbara was Jean, Kaeya, Lisa, and Amber who were discussing their jobs and commissions for the rest of the day.
“How many categories do you have?” Steve questioned, shy smile in place with a hint of red dusting on his cheeks.
Harry grabs the weapons as he shoves them back in the bag  and walks  out, but stops as he hears a “Wait I’ll come also.”
Under the TV were 12 stockings with the initials NR, SR, JBB, TO, WA, PA, BB, CB, CD, SL, SW, TS. They were all filled to the brim with tiny toy’s and packs of cookies.
Bellissima thrills as vines grow from the ground and grab a basket of puffs before Bellissima takes off into the air, vines trailing behind her with the basket.
“Yes, let’s try it.”
The two continued on their way, the walk filled with talking about themselves and quiet caresses as they basked in each other's presence.
“Y'all finally figure it out?” Daisuke offered a wolfish grin, watching in amazement as the knowledge spread.
Flynn just glances shyly at him before nodding, he gathers his legs beneath him as he holds his arms around himself in a pseudo hug, “It was because Sodia kissed me, I didn’t want it but she still did it, and right after that I decided to break up with you to, to…. I don’t know why.” Flynn whispers brokenly as he stares forlornly between his fingers, which causes Yuri to see how broken Flynn has been after they broke up.
Tony grinned in triumph, “I know.”
“Try us.” Sodia challenged, fire in her eyes.
Tony smiled a smile as he grabbed a paper and wrote his number on it passing it over, “Sure, call me anytime honey.”
Tartaglia threw an arm over Aether’s shoulder, causing Aether to splutter and blush.
Thor agreed and they stayed silent as they were watching the movie and eventually fell asleep to the soft sound of fighting from the TV.
Tony sheepishly rubbed his head, as he stared at the group, “She wants to find someone stronger than her.”
“Damn alright.” Tony muttered as he grabbed the same copy of papers he gave Wanda, and handed them over to each of the heroes, “Same thing as Wanda, sign at the bottom of each page.”
Lady Hestia friends- These people are the same as Lady Aphrodite friends with the sole difference of being able to initiate contact with Tony, more often than Lady Aphrodite friends. Current: 2
“That’s a part of the explanation.” Daisuke said.
Each person has a pokemon that resonates with their soul. Steve and Braviary, Bucky and Liepard, Natasha and Weavile, Clint and Talonflame, Bruce and Vileplume, Thor and Raichu, Sam and Staraptor, and Wanda and Alakazam. Tony has a Beautifly which constantly gets him underestimated not knowing that Beautifly was the strongest out of all of them.
“Just as beautiful as before.” Yufine says, giddy smile in place, “Look how the lightning arches on his fingers Elena. He looks so dangerous and pretty.”
“Goodnight my love.” Chrom tugs Robin closer, pushing his head to rest over his heart, as he wraps his arms tight around his shoulders.
“What the fuck.” Clint whispered in shock, all of those were classes that required intense hours of studying and this kid was doing them all this semester.
“No, no we didn’t.” Lissa says, staring in excitement at the tail, frowning as Chrom pulls her back.
Robin comes to a stop as he hears a harp being played in the distance, heart beating fast as he recognizes the steady beat of harp and starlight.
Tony glares at Bellissima as she just thrills smugly back at him.
Hermione jerked a thumb over to Harry, who burned bright red in embarrassment, “This dumbass was playing chess with Ron and of course he lost, Ron always beats everyone at Chess, this was their 300th time playing against each other. Just like before as soon as Harry lost he took a knife and stabbed it right through Ron’s hand, anchoring it into the table.”
Jishuka was next to Laella and Faker, talking about where they were going to look for the production recipe and hunt for the materials.
“Agreed we’ll fly him over to mine and Rhodey’s Malibu home, you’ll all be invited also.” Pepper immediately got a devious smile, staring straight at Steve making him sweat slightly, “Especially Steve, we’ll make Steve Tony’s caretaker.”
“Yep, it’s basically like having every single piece of information in the world in me. I even have Friday inside me where she can monitor me for hackers or viruses.”
“Ummm….” Cedric trailed off, “It’s for the person I like.”
“Why would that matter?” The tall blond football player asked, looking between them worryingly.
The others looked scandalized at the many classes, while Pepper just groaned pitiously, “I swear to god you stupid motherfucker, you better not have taken any hard classes.”
Tony has Congenital Analgesia, meaning he doesn't feel any pain at all. The team finds out that Tony has this when he resets his dislocated shoulder and splints his arm. The Avengers then decide to confess to Tony and watch out for him on the field. Part of the team don't have any speaking but everyone is still there.
“Well I wouldn’t mind either. What do you say big guy?” Grid gently teased.
They had more to talk about tomorrow, but for now this was perfectly fine.
Regas turned back a bit before mumbling again.
“A-alright.” Tony moved his hand, shaking from the shock, as he grabbed some papers and handed them over to Wanda, “Signing at the bottom of each page shows that you accept the proposal made by Stark Lawyers and that you agree to the listed rules.”
Grid glanced down at the hulking titan, “Do you have to leave anywhere?”
All that was left was Regas and Grid, where Grid was sitting on Regas’ shoulder and was being supported by Regas’ arm.
“Have I ever said that I love you and you are the best boyfriend ever?” Steve whispers as he turns around, his head carefully placed on the lip of the tub to keep him from diving in the water.
Daisuke walks forward, leaving Alexander and Tsuki with Veeemon, and starts to go into the direction he’s memorized 3 years ago. On the way, Daisuke’s mind threatens to overwhelm him with “what-if” instances, but he pushes the thoughts to the back of his mind as he gets closer.
“Why thank you Captain Muscles, I’ll be out with your food in 30 min.” Tony winked through his blush, leaving Steve a stuttering mess.
“T-t-thanks guys.” Tony tries to smile bashfully, but it comes across as a grimace with chattering teeth.
Let me know if there's any mistakes since everything is written by just me, so I'd appreciate any help to check the story.
“Are you ready for this Dai?” Veemon asks, adjusting his vest and earpiece, looking at Daisuke.
“Very good.” Robin praises her, still watching the Shepherds pale faces at the mention of so many dragons.
“What the hell is going on in your life that Veemon is working?” Yamato speaks up, wondering what’s going on.
Daisuke lightly groaned as he slightly moved, careful not to dislodge the four lumps laying on him. He blearily rubbed his eyes as he yawned, waking up fully as he glanced down. Laying over his chest and legs were 2 kids and 2 digimon, all laying in strewn out positions.
“Then sure.” Regas nodded his head as he beamed up at Grid.
“Sure Klee,” Aether said as his eyes softened at the sight of Klee, “I’m doing a funeral rite.”
So I added a bit about Aromantic and Asexual stuff in here for once, It's something that I've learned about myself a few months ago, and seeing how there isn't enough representation in fanfiction about it I decided to write a lot oof stories about aromantic and asexual things.
Bellissima let out a sad thrill as she stared at Tony, everyone still confused as shit about everything.
“Oh whatever, I’ll let you two figure the rest out.” Lissa hops up and gives Chrom a sharp look, telling him to do it or get lost.
Tony quietly blushed at the praise, causing Steve to internally coo at how cute he looked, and as soon as that happened Steve realised that he had a huge massive crush on this guy he just met.
‘After that I completely stopped talking to Flynn, Sodia, Judith, Estelle and their friends. Partly because I don’t want to reveal that Flynn was an asshole to Judith and Estelle, both of whom are close to Sodia.’ Yuri shook his head to clear his thoughts as he thought of the after, ‘About 5 days after the break up, I was passing by an orphanage where I met little Karol, and after a week of getting to know him and his older sister, Rita, I decided to adopt them making them Karol and Rita Lowell.’
Daisuke just grinned as he nodded in acceptance, “Sure sure, lemme just get Veemon over here and then I can explain.”
“Hush my star, they deserve to know, maybe they can help you.” Elena lightly chides Robin.
Steve stood back as the group walked out, all shooting smirks in Steve’s direction. Steve walked forward, Tony glancing up in confusion as he stared at the big hunk of muscle.
“What type of pizza? Italian style, American style?” Tony answered back.
Steve stared at the stammering Tony in surprise, “Why not?”
Robin tilts his head in askance, “Hush they only did that for jokes in front of me, they never told anyone but they definitely cuddled me close when they found me.”
“Yep.” Harry said, as he walked forward before coming back, doing that three times. Everyone jumped as a door appeared to their right, Harry walking up and opening it without hesitation. He held open the door as everyone filed in, and when closed it disappeared to everyone’s confusion. They chalked it off as magic and looked around the room they found themselves in.
“God Noodles.”
Tony leans back and looks around him staring at all of his lovers, before sighing in contentment and sitting back and watching the movie with them.
For the next few hours Daisuke regaled them with tales of his adventure, showing them he’s the CEO of the Hakamura group, the noodle company chain stores. That news completely shocked everyone as they never expected hyperactive Daisuke to become someone of such high importance.
Tony softly sighed as he set down the glass he was cleaning. He looked up and looked around the quaint Cafe/Restaurant he decided to buy for himself after his last remaining family member, Peggy Carter, died.
Yuri went to visit Flynn, who was his boyfriend around 5 months ago, and found him kissing Sodia, and it looked like it was about to go farther. Yuri gave a heartbroken look to them before he hightailed it out of there, resolving to not talk to any of them again. The next day, Flynn came over and broke up with Yuri, in which Yuri accepted, based on what he saw yesterday he knew that Flynn didn’t look like he loved Yuri anymore.
“Well then, it's a good thing I've been keeping an eye on the design schools for the next bright young thing,” Natasha looked up from her tablet. She pulled up a social media page of a dark-haired young woman wearing heavy eye makeup. “Wanda Maximoff. She seems the most promising of the bunch.”
“What’s wrong with this tacky light? It keeps flickering whenever I come over. The cheap piece of shit blew on our first date too. Why don’t you just replace it with something that actually works?”
Steve nodded. “Then that's our only chance. We hit the hospital.”
Scott sprang off the couch to help with the packing, while Wanda and Natasha ran through their notes on building schematics and strategy. By the time Steve and Sam started moving the cases of equipment into the car, it had started to snow lightly.
"Let's keep things simple. Just a small ceremony at the church with our friends, nothing fancy." said Steve as they disembarked the Quinjet after yet another successful mission. His arm was wrapped around Tony’s shoulders, keeping him close, and the mood in the air was of lazy camaraderie.
Steve coughs awkwardly “If you're quite done,” he re-seats himself at the table. “We need to return to the task at-”
Natasha goes very still. “Do I tell you how to do your job?” Her voice is pleasantly conversational.
“He's awake now, update you shortly. Out.” Steve puts the comm away and heads into the room.
It had started innocently at first, where they'd experimented with impossible buildings. That turned into multiple dream levels, manipulating the time and space of each reality, always pushing the boundaries of what was possible.
Silence fell over the room as the gravity of the mission sunk in.
“You sure you don't want me to build you something better?” Tony blasts two projections through the chest in quick succession. “You're in dire need of an upgrade. It’s getting real hard for me to look at you.”
“It has to be a simple message so it can take root.” Natasha said. “The mind becomes more suggestible the more levels we go down.”
So why wasn’t he caving?
in the air…
“Um. It’s kind of all our problems if honking big freight trains are showing up every time you enter a dream.” Natasha plants herself squarely in front of Steve. The sun glances off Stane’s shiny bald head in a way that makes it hard to look at her for too long. “That has to mean it’s getting worse - you can't just go on keeping it all inside.”
“Ever since you went to Stark’s gathering, you've been on edge,” Nakia said. “What’s on your mind?”
“It’s impossible,” said Sam, breaking the silence. “You'd have an easier time growing trees on the moon.”
“Say, you're a very good listener, you've got me spilling my guts over here while you haven’t said a single thing about yourself.” Hands buried in his work, Tony inclines his head towards Steve. “How did a place like this end up in a guy like you?”
“His best friend is Colonel James Rhodes, 48. They’ve known each other since MIT and he's probably the only one knows Tony the best.” The next picture showed a stern-faced faced man in an air force uniform. Other than a few pixelated selfies from their college days, there weren't too many images of Rhodes. “The bad news is he was WIA a few months ago so we can't get to him. Still recuperating at an army hospital.”
The first two signs had always caused significant inconvenience to his teammates, but with quick thinking and teamwork, they were manageable for the most part.
T’Challa chuckles. “White bears. I see your point now.”
“Perhaps you shouldn't blow things up when we're in the same room.” Steve’s words are ignored as Tony dives back into tinkering.
Steve resumed. “All right then. On that day the five of us will meet at the hospital-”
I’m afraid your allotted time is up. Sorry, Crossfit, but consulting hours are now over.”
T’Challa gave her shoulder a squeeze. “He’d understand. I wouldn’t ask a subject to do anything I wouldn't be willing to do myself.”
“Don't act dumb. We want the five-digit code Howard Stark gave you that opens the family vault. Now.”
“You’re offering a lot,” Steve said slowly. “What’s the catch?” Because there had to be - nothing had gone right in years.
“Projections of?”
Apparently that was enough to get Stark talking again, because he fired off another stream of words. Despite his unkempt appearance he spoke animatedly, as if trying to cover up his earlier dejection. Every sentence branched off into a random tangent - of flight systems, the benefits of chlorophyll, robots he had designed, the best burger place in the college town. Stark didn’t comment on how Steve knew his name, probably assuming him to be just another fan. He didn’t ask Steve’s name in return, which was a relief.
man - and smirks broadly, spreading her arms wide to show off her disguise. “What do you think?”
Tony mused as he unhooked his jacket from the hanger and slipped it on.
Steve turned around slowly to face the king. His hand was clenched on the door jamb so hard it was a hair away from splintering.
“It gets worse. During a tech convention a few months back, Tony held a private presentation for government officials where he unveiled a new artificial intelligence system, ULTRON. From all the tech reports I combed through, it’s set to go live as early as next year.” Natasha acknowledged T’Challa with a nod. “I can see why you want to shut him down so quickly. Threat analysis, DNA tracking… this is some scary Skynet stuff."
Shutting her eyes, she holds out her hands, palms-up as if in prayer.
He couldn't convince Bucky. In desperation, Steve turned to the one thing he know how to do, and planted one simple thought in Bucky's head.
“Steve? Here's the maze you asked for.” Wanda hesitantly crept up behind him. Steve quickly stuffed the watch in his pocket as she held out her sketchpad. “Can you tell me what you think?"
way to privatize world peace.” Tony’s voice rings with the zeal of a believer and it sounds like he sincerely
Tony lit up, as an idea came to him. “I can put my balls on you!”
The improved design is no less powerful than the first - the blast shreds the metal cabinets to ribbons - but without the hefty kickback. His second blast has the computer terminals splintering in a spray of sparks. The third blast shatters all the windows.
“I’ll never let that happen. That’s completely off the table.” Steve responded.
“Three…” Steve feels sweat beading on the back of his collar. Shit, this could go south really fast.
“We use a countdown song to keep track of time, so the team can synchronize their exit from the dream.” Steve explained.
“It’s gonna be alright. Do you have someone that I can call?” Steve tried to sound placating, feeling more and more unequipped to handle the situation. Stark had mentioned he was here for an event, so maybe that meant he had a bodyguard or two around.
It felt absurd, trying to reconcile Tony, the cocky tycoon who designed weapons of mass destruction, with Tony, the broken man who gave out free college tuition like party favors and whose eyes were so irreparably sad. The two personalities seemed like completely different men.
“That’s…wow. A place where art comes to life, I could do so much...” Wanda’s kohl-lined eyes widened, mind flitting through all the creative possibilities. She paused. “Wait, what was that about forgetting reality? Isn't that dangerous?”
“That's really, uh…”
Steve sucks a breath through his teeth, then picks up the soldering iron, placing it next to Tony’s hand. “I don’t talk about it much.”
Steve cocks the gun. “Ten, nine…”
Steve sat down next to him, watching Stark try to get his bearings back. This… was definitely unexpected. He hadn’t known the man would be on campus this very day. Stark was shorter than he’d appeared in the images he’d seen, perhaps half a head shorter than Steve. Most striking of all was the dramatic difference in personality; the tired, worn-down man gasping in front of Steve was a far cry from the flashy and confident man he’d seen in T’Challa’s video.
“Tony, you've gone too far.”
“We stick to the plan; Scott, we’re counting on you to hold the fort on this level. After we go under, wait five minutes to start the kick song,
“Pepper.” The screams would have shaken anyone's composure but a deadly calm settles over Stark, even as his face drains of all color. “I have to get out of here now.”
Despite himself, Steve’s lips twitch upwards.
“I just… maybe there’s more to him than we thought.”
"There's a Forger I'm acquainted with. Russian. She’s very capable, we’ve worked together a few times," she paused, catching T’Challa's disapproving glance. "I was there purely as a witness, and she handled the whole interrogation very professionally. If we are building a team, she’d be the best person to start with."
“That doesn’t seem very secure. Are you sure you won’t fall from there?” Steve made a stolid attempt to ignore the flirtatious display.
Steve let out a low creak of a groan, hardly daring believe his wishes were coming true. It was everything he’d hoped for, but he had to go slow.
“Ah… oh yes, you were a sorry sight in that cell. Lucky I was able to get you out.” For a whole second, Natasha blanks on her response. And that was odd, usually she never missed a thing in her research.
There's a long, low blast of sound, like the blare of a ship’s horn, followed by a rising rumble that seems to vibrate every molecule of air. The noise prickles the hair at the back of Steve’s neck and sends a bubble of dread into his throat.
In an instant Steve is striding over to them. “What happened? He was fine a moment ago.”
“Not as much as he loved his legacy.” Stark leans against the pipe, letting his head drop back against the rusted surface. “Nothing could make him stop talking about it. The old man wanted to live forever, if he could.”
Shuri was frowning slightly. “Dream tech is a fuzzy science, but as a medical professional, it’s my responsibility to make you guys aware of any and all risks.” She tapped on her tablet and a series of charts popped up on the screen. “I had to restart his heart three times already, and if he goes under again... I don’t know what type of effect that could have on you.”
The cynical side of him contemplated just taking off with the cash. It was certainly enough to keep them going for a few years. Retirement even, if they were careful. He could move Bucky into a better medical facility than the current one...
“Every-”
...Who else needs cheering up after Infinity War? :'D
Sam and Natasha were already at the table. Over mugs of coffee and juice, they were engaged in a silent exchange of Meaningful Looks, probably debating which of them would have the daunting task of Having The Talk with Steve.
“You guys are doing first names now?” Despite the noises of battle in the background, Sam manages to sound amused. “We’re on schedule, nearly at the rendezvous. You guys might want to prepare for company, though. Check your scanner - a large group of projections just peeled off from us and are heading your way.”
Several other projections aren’t so lucky; unable to stop in time, their clunky metal bodies are pulverized beneath the crushing wheels.
“If we’re stuck inside a dying body…” Scott’s face is pale beneath his stubble. “That means our own minds could be lost in a dimension wh-where time and space become irrelevant. We could wind up in Limbo...or worse.”
Frantic, Scott throws everything he can on the wheel, barely managing to swerve the van out of the train’s way. They screech to a halt a few bare yards from the path of destruction.
“Aw, don’t be like that, I can’t help what you bring out in me.” Stark leers. “Ever hear of letting loose? You should try it once in a while.”
“There is no other way.” Nakia argued. “Any other move and we risk showing our hand.”
Tony cheered internally.
Tony Stark had to be stopped.
“Don't worry, I don’t expect you to fight. The rest of the team will handle any dangerous tasks.” Steve said. “But who knows, you might surprise yourself.”
“Don't be a idiot, Stark!” Steve calls after him. “There are more of them out there, it's suicide to go alone.”
The seconds slow to a crawl and he can feel Tony start to tense up in his grip. Tony’s expression turns inward, a tremble running through his jaw, like he's rapidly reevaluating Steve as a threat.
“Why does she need to protect herself?” Estelle, sweet, innocent Estelle who is constantly worried about everyone, asks.
“Ahhh that feels good.” Tony sighed in satisfaction as his muscles untensed under the hot water spray.
“Borscht and Pelmeni for Natasha.” Natasha said, blank face.
Daisuke’s voice broke Takeru out of his wonder, and he looked at Daisuke with an indecipherable glance.
After a few minutes passed, Steve was thinking on what to do, he wanted to ask Tony out on a date but didn’t know if Tony would say yes since they just met, eventually he decided to say fuck it.
The Avengers (Natasha Romanov, Steve Rogers, James “Bucky” Barnes, Thor Odinson, Wanda Maximoff, Pietro Maximoff Bruce Banner, Clint Barton, Carol Danvers, Scott Lang, Sam Wilson, and Tony Stark) play with the snow on the balcony, generally having a good time before Tony collapses from the cold. Comfort and fluff ensure.
“Of course my dear songstress.” Robin bows, and to the tune of Elena, dances around the enemies with Thoron at his fingertips.
It was a pretty large room with 4 sets of doors, one for the pool outside, one for the closet, one for the bathroom, and one for exit and entrance. The bed was nestled next to the bathroom and closet door, as the pool door was across from them surrounded by a floor to ceiling glass pane. Closets and dressers were scattered throughout the room, and a large plush green rug sat in the middle of the room.
“Hmmm.” Tony paused to think as everyone leaned forward, “I was experimenting with something called nanobots, and I injected them into myself before I programmed them so they went a little crazy and ate half of my heart, half of my stomach, part of my lungs, my liver and various other organs in my body.”
The kiss ended sooner than they both wanted, as they moved away and looked disappointedly at their lips. But soon they both grinned at each other, euphoria surrounding them, feeling a lost piece of their souls sliding back into place.
Daisuke, surprised at how Taichi seems so close to crying, only nods and barely has time to catch a flailing Taichi. Daisuke grabs Taichi as he tugs him up, getting him into a better hugging position, uncaring of the shocked looks aimed their way.
“Well I don't have much to do today so we can just walk back for a bit if you want.” Grid suggested as he pointed towards the horizon.
“Always.” Cedric grabbed Harry and pulled him into his chest, both of them cuddling each other in the barren hall.
The three bots whined as they whired forward with the plates, the group laughing behind him. Tony placed all the plates down as the others dunked down to eat the food they ordered, all offering praise to the holy food. After around 1 hour of eating and drinking they all got up to leave.
“We’re gonna stay with you in the tower until you come back into the compound with us.”
“Pft you’re gonna be the bridesmaid.” Clint laughed, slapping the table.
“Oh my.” Estelle gasps as she puts her hand and covers her mouth.
Before Yuri could respond a voice broke through, “Oh my is that Yuri Lowell?”
Silence was all that was heard as everyone tried to wrap their heads around what they’d just seen.
“I accept your proposal for my pardon.” Wanda says, staring Tony dead in the eyes to show that she isn’t lying.
“We accept as well.” Steve finally spoke up, causing Tony’s head to shoot up and stares at the others who all look as determined. Thor and Bruce shooting each other amused glances.
To Tony’s right was the coffee making aspect with the regular fridge’s (Reach-in and undercounter) with several coffee machines to make frappe’s, smoothies, iced coffee, regular coffee, and espresso. All neatly organized into rows right next to the various sugars and spices.
“Rest.” Steve brings Tony further into his and Bucky’s laps, “We’ll be here to warm you up.”
“You better, we want to make sure you’re okay. You’ve really been worrying me these past few days.” Meg’s worried voice called from behind him.
Now here's the prompt Teresa asked me for. Again maybe rather short but there's not much talking for them to do so mainly fluff and jealousy.
“Nothing Point Break, let’s just keep watching the movie.”
“Well my star, it was fun while it lasted, but sadly we must leave before the Chaos Rift closes.” Elena says sadly, smiling at Robin.
Tony glanced and saw everyone’s attention on him, blushing quietly before speaking, “I have 4. Lady Aphrodite is the level for close friends who I sometimes initiate contact with. Lady Hestia is for friends who are almost family and who I will freely touch. Lady Artemis is for friends who I will offer a greeting too, but not close enough to touch or tell secrets. And finally is Lady Hera for enemies or others.”
The only people who knew how Tony acted and his usual ticks would be Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy. Rhodey knew because he’s been with him for 20 years and Rhodey knows him inside out. Pepper and Happy know because they see past his various facades and over time Tony learned to trust them with his usual cuddle hungry self.
“What about you?” Wanda’s soft voice caused Tony to turn towards her.
“We’re coming with you.” Steve’s voice was firm with decision.
“You sure?” Wanda asks, ready to help if asked.
“Kiss me right now.” Robin demands again as he watches Chrom.
Tony glances at him before turning around to glare at Bellissima, “Yea since I’ve been with her so long I got used to understanding her different pitches and matching them to words. Now I can understand anything she says.”
“What…” Chrom trails off as he spots the mysterious Harpist coming towards them slowly, before he can warn her for the risen, a bolt of lightning zap right past her cheek, who doesn’t even blink, as it kills the risen behind her.
Steve’s blinding smile was answer enough.
“I very much do not mind.” Regas said resolutely.
They got up, Yuri leaving a tip on the table after paying the check, and they walked off hand in hand, holding tight as if afraid to let go.
“Mr. Potter why do you have so many weapons?” Flitwick came up, followed by the students and Sprout.
“Thanks Alex, Tsuki.” Daisuke picks them up, a soft smile on his face, as he sits down next to Veemon.
Tony turned and saw Wanda and Natasha, still in mission outfits, standing at his door.
The first kid, Alexander Motomiya, was curled up on his chest, his back against the couch. The other kid, Tsuki Motomiya, was curled up right next to her brother, her arm thrown over him while her legs were tucked under Alexander’s. Over his legs were the two digimon, Sunmon and Moonmon, who were in a ying yang shaped ball right on his knees.
“You say anything Friend Anthony?” Thor questioned with a tilt of his head.
The others all offered the same excuses as they left in a whirlwind, leaving Steve and Tony to blink stupidly after them.
They walked with Harry, feeling their confusion increase gradually, as they passed through paintings and armor and in around 5 min they arrived at the 7th corridor.
Harry glanced around and saw that there was no one there since it was around 8 in the morning.
“Thanks V.” Daisuke smiles, soft and dim in the light.
Daisuke walked into the kitchen, chatting with Alexander and Tsuki while eating some pancakes that Veemon whipped up. After they finish eating they put away the dishes and grab their luggage, making their way to the airport.
“This is Clint Barton.” Dirty blonde offered a mischievous smile, offering a wave.
“I’m a computer Bruce, I can get hacked and get viruses even if I add multiple firewalls.” Tony deadpans at Bruce.
“Yes, it was amusing to listen to.” Fleur lightly giggled at that.
“Meg you’re a lifesaver and I love you.” Tony winked playfully, delighting in her laugh.
“I always do.”
All the counters were made of well worn wood, all hand made by Tony himself, along with having Gardenia’s, Roses, and Freesia. All had handmade embroidery made in delicate patterns, made by his late mother, Maria Carbonell nee Stark, and his Aunt Peggy Carter.
Tony glanced to look at Burce, from where he was looking at Sam and Scott, where Bruce beckoned him closer but Tony just shook his head. Bruce shrugged and turned to look at the super soldiers who were shoveling snow down each other’s shirts.
“Ah, yes, yes we are.”
Harry burned bright red as he saw Cedric nod to him, quickly waving back before he walked over to the Gryffindor table, sitting on the side where he could see the rest of the tables.
“Hmmm.” Harry hummed as he thought of a response, “Well it usually is just about anything you can think of. Homework help, doing someone’s essay, getting them food, etc. It can also be on a larger scale, like this bet that I just lost has me wearing Hermione’s panties for a full day. On another it was Ron and Mione loudly making out in the common room, and for the next bet I'm asking for Ron to wear a dress and Mione to wear a tuxedo.” Harry darkly mutters at the end.
Jishuka confusedly glanced with the other before she shrugged, she went over to a rock and sat down, the others following her lead with Grid sitting across from Jishuka.
“This’ll feel even better.” Natasha smirked before she started to massage Tony on his left shoulder and arm while Wanda went over to his right and did the same treatment as Natasha.
“Come on, let’s go.” With a bright smile Steve completely disregards Tony’s questions as the heroes walk over to the quinjet, waving goodbye to T’Challa as they did so.
Her question prompted the others to start shouting their own questions at Aether, and poor Aether was overwhelmed with the amount of questions.
“Oh we’re going deep.” Yuri mutters as he places down his cup of coffee and looks at Flynn, who’s looking at him through the corner of his eye, “Then would you like to tell me the reason now?”
“Thankfully my assistant is amazing and helps with a lot, and the two companies who are supposed to be my enemies, are instead some of my close friends and they help me a lot.” Daisuke perks up as he looks at the mansion on the outskirts of Tokyo, “Oh we’re here.”
“How are you still alive?” Bruce asks incredulity as he tries to think of a way Tony could have survived that.
Robin slams his palm into his other hand with a soft ‘Oh’, “Also time works differently, one day here is around 3 months there. While one day there is around a few minutes here.”
Tony stared at Steve for several moments, Steve’s heart frantically beating in his chest, before answering.
“H man you haven’t even heard half of it, that's just bet number 230.” Harry waved his hand.
“Fry put ‘The Knight before Christmas’ please.” Tony said, voice wavering only slightly from the clacking of his teeth.
A thrill broke through the calm silence of the group, who were currently watching a random comedy that JARVIS set up, and made everyone turn at once to see Tony glancing up at Beautifly with a frown.
“You know what he is though?” Sully grunts from behind them, watching them expectantly.
“Thanks Dai.” Veemon grinned with a V, “Call me if you need anything.”
“Daddddd we wanted to sleep some more.” Tsuki complained, crossing her arms and pouting at him.
Daisuke continued forward dragging a confused Takeru with him, and leaving amused digidestined behind.
Aether nods gratefully, “Thank you,” Glancing at everyone he responds, “If you all want to know why I’m busy but we can meet at Starsnatch Cliff, at the highest point at around 8 PM, sound good?”
“Now my dear star, show us your lightning.” Elena calls out, coming to a stop next to the puzzled Shepherds.
“You made some great food.” Bucky gruffed, hiding his blush at being caught.
Sully offered Robin a tense nod of gratitude, turning around and spurring her horse forward. Robin tiredly sighed as he went back into the fight, alone, always alone, after what the Shepherds found out. During a routine fight against Validar the truth of Robin’s existence came out, that he was actually a vessel of the Fell Dragon. After that everyone treated Robin with caution and a wariness that hurt, even if he expected this it still hurt all the same.
“What movie should we watch?” Wanda’s soft voice broke the comfortable silence.
“I’ll take a pepperoni pizza and a lemonade for Clint.” The first guy, Clint, said.
Alright first of all, sorry for this looooong waiting period. I've been really busy with school and trying to take breaks and studying and everything I didn't have much time to write at all. I also got one BNHA story in the works where Izuku has the quirk to use the evil pieces from DxD to reincarnate (after prior approval from them) people into his "servants". And I gott another Harry Potter fic which is a gaming Harry Potter since I love the idea. Sorry for my other uncompleted stories, sometimes when I write I get the urge to get a story out but then after around one chapter my brain dies with ideas so most stories will be quick one shots from now on. I think the only chapter one will be Tony's Kids but only cause that's rather easy to do for me I don't know why.
“Well at least it’s going to be comfortable.” Takeru shrugs as he gets into the car, everyone following behind him.
“Pepper, light of my life, my love goddess, how are you?” Tony questioned as he leaned back, still tightly holding onto Pepper.
“Uhhhh it’s so early.” Alexander complained, scratching his eyes as he stared at Daisuke.
Tony nods as he packs his stuff up and stands with Bruce and Thor, “Yea I got an extra quinjet for you guys to take to the compound if you want.”
They place Tony down in between them, crossing arms over the reactor covering Tony in warmth. The others take up positions around Tony, each bringing a blanket to cover each other with.
Alexander and Tsuki hug Daisuke’s legs both exclaiming, “We’re here for you Papa, don’t worry.”
“Wanna study together?” Steve asked as he moved over next to Tony, also blushing full bright when Tony nodded, smiling goofily.
“Yes, here.” Bruce walks in carrying 6 mugs of hot chocolate, Thor trailing behind him looking like a lost puppy, while carrying the rest of the mugs.
10 Hours Later:
The Avengers are left in silence thinking about the information they just gained.
Yuri grins at that, “Yep but she never liked staying in one place too long so her father said that if she can sufficiently protect herself then she’s free to do whatever she wants, which is good cause her brother can inherit the lordship in her place, leaving her free to travel.”
“Fine fine.” Then in a completely unexpected move, Cedric dips Harry down, who whines in surprise, and then closes his mouth over Harry’s  in a sweet but chaste kiss.
‘Elena.’ Robin thinks, ignoring Vaike who’s complaining about watching his back, and quickly flips to the back of his book, “Thoron.”
“Let’s go to sleep.” Tony beckoned the other two and without delay they all went over to the closet, getting dressed into loose fitting clothes ready to sleep.
“Great.” Pepper clapped her hands, the rest of the group cheering as they set up an inevitable date between them. “Now if you’ll excuse me, i have to get to class.”
“Very well, but you haven’t had any fights with the other dragons have you?” Robin asks, watching in amusement as the Shepherds pale.
Last is Tsuki Motomiya, who is more shy than Alexander and prefers to hide behind her brother or dad. She had long black hair, reaching all the way down to her mid back, and crystal blue eyes, showing intelligence far beyond a 10 year old. Her partner was Sunmon whose final digivolution was Apollomon, Dianamon’s counterpart in the Olympian’s.
Stunned silence followed his proclamation as the others stared at him in shock.
Aether stood up as he lit the lantern and walked to the edge of the cliff, before he whispered a foreign prayer and let the lantern fly upward into the night sky.
“It’s such a nice day out.” Steve grinned as he walked around in a t-shirt and shorts.
“Do you.. Do you want to go back?” Chrom’s unsure face meets Robins.
Grid tilted his head as he watched his fellow guild members, the ones that survived that is, party after they defeated the 6th mage of the Vatan Church. Jishuka was harshly reprimanding everyone while Laella tried to calm her down. Regas, Grid blushed as he watched him, was doing some shadow boxing while Faker, Pon, and Zednos watched with amused smiles.
Taichi stares at Daisuke, not comprehending whatever it was that he said, before a lightbulb went off, making Taichi look at Daisuke in shock.
“Come to bed with me please love?” Steve slurred as he made grabby hands at Tony.
Grid blushed at the unexpected words, unsure on how to feel. He definitely knew he was attracted to the hulking mass of muscles, so he decided to be honest with his feelings for once.
“You may.” Tony whispered in reply.
“Oh you will don’t worry.” Daisuke grins at her, not noticing the tense Takeru and everyone watching amusedly.
“Honey we’ve literally been all over the world there’s literally nowhere left to go, at all.” Tony gently stroked Bellissima's head.
“And what’s so unrealistic about this standard?” Clint raised an eyebrow, raising himself slightly to stare at Tony.
“Uhhh, Christmas is coming up and I still need to find gifts for Hermione and Ron, why are they so hard to shop for.” Harry quietly whined to himself as he piled food onto his plate.
“Yes Dai?” Veemon said, loud enough to be heard over the speaker phone.
The Avengers were the same way, they just stared at him uncomprehendingly, until Tony got fed up and walked away. Nobody ever apologized for the shocked stares since no one knew it hurt him.
“Thankfully we know where the Rift is located so we can visit you whenever.” Yufine brightly says.
“I would,” Taichi says, sharing a grin with the guy, “But you all already know him, so there’s no need to.”
“Sometimes.” Robin says, “They usually last around 4 hours after they appear, and after they stay gone for around 2 weeks before they come back. So if they miss the 4 hour mark they’re stuck here, or us stuck there for 2 weeks.”
Harry was about to start again before he noticed that it was suddenly quiet in the hall. He glanced up and saw the four looking at him, Cedric and Theo looked to be lightly blushing and gaping while Viktor and Fleur looked amused.
“I love you Chrom.” Robin whispers softly, seeing the loving affection that Chrom has for him.
“Ммм вкуснятина.” Tony replied, grinning at yet another stunned face.
“Well we have around 14 hours of flight so it’ll be good for you guys to sleep.” Veemon suggests, watching how the three droop.
After coming back from a long and tiring mission, Tony decides to surprise the team with home cooked Italian.
Tony groaned as he rubbed at his forehead, “I told you to not go into the forest without me. Your standards for finding a mate are not realistic.”
“An accident my ass, that was the 300th time I had to do that. Honestly with your stupid ass I can become a Medi-Wizard without even having to go to an actual school for it.”
Chrom grunts as he parries an attack meant for Lissa, who’s currently healing Vaike and Sully, as the rest of the Shepherds converge around them, enemies slowly closing in on them. Suddenly Robin and a strange girl burst through the enemies, killing them all as they twist and weave to a harp.
“What’s the pile of scrap metal for?” Steve asks, tilting his head in confusion as he tries to think of possibilities.
It was a semi large room shaped in a half circle. Straight ahead of them was a large brick fireplace, already lit and roaring hot. Wall to wall, right next to the fireplace on both sides, was large bookcases of any book you could imagine. A large wooden table, intricately designed with mythical creatures, was surrounded with two single couches and a large three person couch.
Regas glanced upward toward Grid, face bright red but eyes full of hope, “You’re serious?”
A steady silence permeated the air as everyone absorbed the thought that this Beautifly was so strong that she couldn’t find a mate in the wild.
“Brats go over with Olivia, she should be performing right now so you get to see her also.” Yuri says, glancing at Flynn, before he looks down at Rita and Karol.
“Since I like you guys, the only thing is to not sell any of it and come to me if you need repairs, all free of charge.” Grid brightly grinned at the rest of the dropped jaws.
Pepper glanced at Tony, expression set in a hard line, “How many classes are you taking?’
“Yes, I want some Tony cuddles also.” Clint pouted as he stared longingly at them as Tony and Thor got comfortable and put on a movie.
“What the hell do you mean they ARE realistic? They are not at all. If you don’t let go of your standards then you’ll never find a mate, that’s why I go with you to pick from my standards.” Tony grouched as he set Bellissima down on the couch cushion in front of him.
Yuri chuckled, “You wouldn’t believe me even if I told you.”
“You're kidding? We’re gonna ride a limo?” Hikari says, looking at the car.
Daisuke playfully grinned at them, “Who knows you’ll just have to find out.”
“Hah no thanks, I don’t need a husband.” Robin stubbornly says, not noticing Chrom’s pinched expression. “Anyway how are you and Ray doing? Enjoying married life?”
“Goodnight.” Daisuke whispered, kissing Takeru’s head.
Harry took off his shoes, pulling them up and laying them in Theo’s lap, and placed his head in Cedric’s lap.
“Why not just make a schedule? There’s 6 of us and the last day we can make it a day for all of us.” Wanda rolled her eyes as she mentally made a rough schedule for them.
“So you did it because you feel weak?” Natasha stared at Tony, trying to analyze all of his motives for feeling weak.
Tony let the calculations run through his mind as he walked leisurely to the library. “If I finish all of these classes with A’s this semester, next semester I should have only a few easy classes. Then hopefully I’ll have a 76.98% chance to relax my last year with practical work only. Though there is also a 56.6% chance that it will require more hands on experience than specified, which I will have a 45.8% chance to enjoy and a 67.89% chance to actually apply it when I get a job. Overall around a 63.56% chance that I’ll be able to hang out with Pepper and Rhodey more throughout my last year, though the percentage will go down since Pepper is busy with Law school and Rhodey wants to get his Mechanical degree done quick. I won’t be able to find any other Lady Hestia Friends, I do have Arthur but he’s in Lady Aphrodite which means not as much contact. I prefer not to get any Lady Artemis friends but it may sometime be inevitable. Meg the cashier at the coffee shop is also quickly becoming a Lady Aphrodite friend.”
There was a guy with brown hair who was hanging an arm around a girl with bright red hair and massive serial killer vibes. Next was a large boisterous blonde and a quiet, sullen brown haired fellow in the back of the group. Finally there was a really hot buff blonde guy who had a shy smile as he talked with a brown haired guy with a metal prosthetic and a guy that looked pretty similar to Rhodey.
“Yea, all of my other stuff that is just for me to fiddle with is on a server that has the highest security I can make. Including fire walls, viruses, and every single protection you can think of.”
“Actually scratch that, it seems something got Thor into a mood.” Natasha remarked as she stared at dark thunder clouds gathering outside.
“You’ve gotta be kidding me.” Yuri sighs irritably, getting up and walking over to Flynn, who flinches expecting to be hit, but is surprised when he’s pulled into the warmest hug he’s ever felt, immediately melting in Yuri’s arm and getting the unique scent of Yuri again, “First off, if you just explained your reasons to me then we wouldn’t have even broken up, I did see you kissing Sodia since I decided to visit but if you told me that she forced you then I would've been fine.”
“Noted.” Tony said.
“Really?” The buff blonde guy asked, looking at Tony in interest.
Laid out across the whole couch, right next to Steve and Bucky, was Tony stark calmly tapping away at various emails and texts, his Beautifly perched on his head with her straw like mouth sucking nectar from a glass that Tony was holding between his legs.
After a rather hard mission in the mountains, Tony, Natasha, and Wanda just want to eat dinner and relax together in bed.
“I wish but we need to share him unfortunately.” Natasha smiled as feelings of envy rose within her also.
While Thor is thinking about his brother, his mood starts to deteriorate, causing the others to not know what to do. Tony jumps in and saves the day with cuddles, blankets, hot chocolate, and a movie. The others get jealous.
“How the fuck is she that damn strong?” Bucky’s Brooklyn accent broke through the silence.
It was a rather large work space in the shape of a small n. It had 3 large tables on both sides with 8 chairs at every table, all decorated with fresh roses in the middle on top of some embroidery. The entrance to the kitchen was located right in front of the main entrance, with a counter extending the whole backway of the shop. Over to Tony’s left (He’s sitting on a chair facing the main entrance) was a glass display case showcasing sandwiches, cake pops, doughnuts, various cake slices, and other sweets and food all freshly baked and ready to sell.
“Ve just heard what you vere talking about and it amused us.” Viktor explained, seeing as Cedric and Theo were still not talking.
Tony immediately sat up, wiping away the last of the blueberry pastry crumbs, protesting.
“Oh.” Flynn whispers, as he stares contemplatively at Yuri’s chest.
“Jesus fuck that was a long mission.” Tony groaned, rolling his shoulder to get rid of the cramp.
Harry, Ron, and Hermine have done everything by bets. Doing the homework, let's make a bet, being partners in class, let's make a bet, etc. Harry walks through the hallways grumbling about his last loss when he runs into Cedric, Viktor, Fleur, and Theodore.
Last thing I promise, I decided to stop adding the characters and just start putting "Epic Seven Characters" (For example), cause I didn't want to add so many tags, I already feel like I have way too many so I wanna put the least amount possible from now on.
“Yes, you’ve never missed a day. Are you alright?” Jean asks in concern.
Stunned silence followed his wake, with the guild members gaping at Grid like he lost his mind. They knew how powerful his weapons and armor was, especially because of this last fight.
He walked over and got some bread with some vegetables, but as soon as he turned over he saw the rest of the Avengers staring at him with horror.
“Relax already Dai, everything will be fine.” Veemon gave Daisuke a rather irritated glare, as Alexander and Tsuki started to play with Coronamon and Lunamon off to the side.
“There ain’t anyone in the kitchen to come take your orders, I’m the only worker here. JOCASTA and JARVIS are AI’s that I personally coded to help me out in the shop.” Tony smirked as he saw the stunned expressions on everyone’s faces’.
“So because of that she’s been able to fight and capture every assassin sent after her, so she’s sufficiently capable of protecting my kids and herself.” Yuri finishes, as they all stop at a cafe and order some coffee.
“Robin.” She says softly, not noticing the risen coming her way but is bisected by a large serrated sword belonging to Yufine.
Tony nods as he closes his eyes and soaks in the warmth from the two heaters beside him.
“Kids want to go play with Coronamon and Lunamon? The adults are going to do some boring adult talking.” Daisuke speaks softly to them, whose faces scrunched in distaste before they ran off with their digimon.
“Are they alright on their own?” Mimi asked in concern.
‘It’s been a hell of a 5 months though.’ Yuri complained as he ruefully shook his head, thinking back to how everything happened.
“Only if you be mine.” Harry says back, leaning up to kiss Cedric on the cheek.
“I love you Flynn.” Yuri says, love seeping in his voice.
“Also Veemon brought up a good point, he asked if you all wanted to have a sleepover at my house.” Daisuke said.
Tony shuffled nervously in his seat, hand coming up to rub at the back of his neck, “Pepper, light of my life, what would that be?”
Robin wrapped his arms around Chrom’s shoulders, pulling him in even tighter as he deepened the kiss. Robin loved the feeling of Chrom’s lips, has been dreaming of them for ages, and he can taste the fruit that Chrom snacks on throughout the day, along with a cup of tea.
Tony collapsed onto the bed, stretching and relaxing all his muscles. They all just got back from a rather long mission and they were all bone tired.
“All right here’s the pizza and drinks for Clint and Bucky.” Tony said, setting it down in front of them, both of them saying a quick thank you.
“You may have those, but we still worry.” Wanda softly says, putting aside her hatred after seeing how hard he worked to get them pardons, “I will accept your proposal.”
“Wait what do you mean help you out in the lab? I thought they were just AI bots that could move and understand.” Bruce asks, feeling confused.
Tony offered a smile as he walked over, setting down the coffee with the pastries and hugging Pepper tight.
“Man was that a dump.” Takeru broke the silence, causing everyone to laugh out loud, a hint of hysteria in their tones.
“Kids time to wake up, we have to leave soon.” Daisuke slowly shook his kids awake, amusingly watching them blink their eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Everyone turned toward the voice, except Raven who vanished with a quick smile at Yuri’s nod, and saw a woman wearing little clothing (Imagine a girl wearing Olivia’s (Fire Emblem Awakening Olivia) dancer outfit) as she walked toward them.
“Have fun kids.” Yuri softly says as he waves goodbye to them.
Chrom breathes in relief, seeing as Robin isn’t angry, “Yes I do. I think I have for a while, but I just started noticing how my feelings toward you are. I didn’t want to say it right after finding out you were a vessel for Grima, since I wasn’t sure how you’d react so I waited. I decided right now would be the best time to say it.”
“What the hell was that?” Bucky gruffly asked.
“Where do you work?” Judith questioned, moving the conversation along before it got to awkward.
They still have plenty to talk about, and plenty to say, but this new thing between them looks like it’ll last an eternity.
“Mo chuid bia go leor, ach faoi deara.” Tony grinned through the blush as Steve just stared gobsmacked at Tony.
Tony looked surprised as no one made a pass on him in quite a few years, and considering the one who just made the pass looks like Adonis, Tony was shocked.
“But why?”
Steve just nods his head to the question and lets out a small moan of appreciation as Tony starts rubbing soothing circles over his chest. Tony moves lower onto the abs where he continues the small circles with the scrubber. He moves onto the arms, paying special attention to his wrist and fingers along with his deltoid muscle and biceps. He uses his fingers and soothes the tension in the arms that Steve uses to swing the shield all day. He moves onto Steve’s privates and keeps it soft and simple, since today was about comfort and not about arousal.
“This is Natasha Romanov.” Taller redhead gave nothing besides staring at Tony with a piercing look.
“Fine fine, wake us if we’re not already up by then.” Daisuke mumbles, slouching backward as Alexander and Tsuki slouch on him.
“I don’t know, it’s been 3 years hasn’t it? You reckon you can help me?” Daisuke questions, butterflies in his stomach as he lets the secret loose.
As Tony starts to massage Steve’s scalp, Steve relaxes even more under the ministrations, groaning in complete pleasure. Soon Tony finishes and rinses Steve off and Tony pulls him up to his feet and onto the towel by the tub. Steve gets up looking like he’s about to dry himself off but he sees Tony lift up a towel in front of him. Steve steps into Tony’s embrace and sloches against Tony as he rubs the towel up and down Steve’s body to get him to relax. Soon Tony finishes and Tony grabs him and leads him out the bathroom and into the bedroom and slides a pair of boxers on Steve, then lays him down.
“Bruce almost done?” Clint calls out, tucking himself in between Tony’s left leg and Natasha and Carol. Wanda, Pietro, Sam, and Scott were on the other side by Tony’s right leg.
“Well Congratulations.” Flynn says, a strained smile lighting up his face.
“Aww you’d make a great boyfriend.” Grid teased cheerfully.
Tony waved it off, “Not many people do since they would definitely try to get them from me and dissect them. I don’t try to advertise what I can actually create.”
“Huh, we do?” Sora asks in confusion, exchanging glances with Miyako and Mimi
Yuri stared at Flynn, who shrunk a little, before answering, “Honestly no idea, I spent about a week with them, constantly visiting the orphanage to visit the two kids who captured my attention. After a week I decided to adopt them, which was when I did a complete upheaval of my life, but I don’t regret it one bit.”
Harry had to pause and think about it, causing the others to stare even harder in disbelief, “I think we’re at around 400 current bets, Mione has the actual record, but only around 100 are currently done and over with. The rest take years to actually be done and we also add a good few every day.”
Hope you enjoyed, if you did and wanna leave a kudo or comment go for it, you can do whatever you want I don't mind. And any mistakes please tell me, I write by myself and I don't usually go back to re read my stories so help me out if you want to.
“Now Elena.” Robin shouts, where the harpist, now named Elena, nods with a serene smile.
Tony’s thoughts rambled as he walked in through the door to the library, immediately turning right to go to the coffee shop.
“He’s asking if you’re Italian.” Bucky gruffed as he sat down next to Thor who sat on Bruce’s right. Natasha, Wanda, and Clint sat opposite the 3 men with Steve sitting at one end of the table leaving the last spot open for Tony.
Tony suddenly broke out in a cold sweat as he thought over his answer. He never told Pepper, Rhodey, Arthur, Meg, or her girlfriend, Jewel, that he was taking 12 classes this semester, all of them being extremely difficult, especially at the same time.
Evidently as Davisuke gets closer, the others start to notice the stranger (In their eyes, Daisuke reasons, especially with how much he’s changed) and Taichi slowly jogs up to meet him.
Tony got out two cups for him and Thor and after pouring some in he walked over to Thor and handed him one.
“I know, I know but I didn’t trust any of you at the moment, even if I acted like I did.” At their downtrodden looks, Tony hurriedly continued, “It wasn’t because of anything you guys did, I became part of a team almost as soon as Stane almost killed me, my trust towards anyone was broken. Eventually I started to trust you more but I just never had a good time to tell you guys. But now you know so you can help make sure I’m not dying.”
“Just about.” Daisuke replied, yawning again, “Is it almost time to leave yet?”
“Yea,” Grid waved his hand, “All you have to do is find a production recipe for a set of armor and weapons for your class, along with the materials x3, and then I’ll make you the full set of armor and weapons. And since it's x3 the materials then you’ll get the armor and weapon that has the best stats.”
“We’re not children.” Steve grunted out, pouting.
Harry laughed nervously as he grabbed a knife and twirled it around his hand, “Sorry ‘Mione, they have a mind of their own.”
“C-can you kiss me?” Flynn questions, as he leans into Yuri, uncertain if he asked an unreasonable request or not.
Before Yuri could continue he was interrupted by a small crashing into him, letting out a large oomph as he fell to the ground, the group stopping to stare at him.
“So essentially I wanna give you guys something of a quest.” Grid bluntly said, resting his head on his hand.
Yuri grins at how cute Flynn iis before thinking, “Well one thing I can think off is that I found out I’m part of the Aspec community.”
The others all laughed at the interaction and obvious attraction between the two, who were totally oblivious to the exchanging of mora behind them, as they just walked back to Angel’s Share Tavern.
“What?” Tony tilted his head, trying to think of what could cause the Avengers to look that horrified.
“Why thank you.” Tony blushed as he stammered unsure of the praise, the others watching in slight concern of how Tony is unable to take a compliment.
Tony squirmed in his seat, ignoring the concerned glances from the two blondes, the two red heads, and the two brown heads.
Tony coats his hands in more body wash and starts at the top of his neck. Tony rubs his hands up and down the sides of Steve’s neck and rubs soothing circles in the muscles and bone of his neck, causing Steve to become putty in his hands. Tony moves down to the trapezius muscles right beside the neck, working out the hardness of the knots all the while. Tony shifts downward some more and works on Steve's shoulder blades working the whole bone, shifting it and digging his hands under the bone, shifting it around. This causes Steve to let loose a filthy moan as the tension is slowly released from every where in his body.
Tony groaned as he heard that, “God tell me about that, that shit is hard to study for.”
“Why the hell did you do that to yourself?” Steve angrily asks.
“You sir are grounded after this semester is over.” Pepper exclaimed, “I will force your ass in bed and sleep this entire summer.”
“Jesus.” Steve mutters, thinking about the valuable information.
“We can go back right now?” Steve’s incredulous face stared at Tony.
“I will honey let me get undressed.” Tony smiled, a smile full of love and adoration at his boyfriend. Tony takes off his shirt and pants, changing his boxers and crawls into bed, right next to Steve. He pulls Steve against him, tucking his head under his chin, Steve’s mouth breathing hot breaths of hair on his skin. Steve wraps his arms around Tony’s waist and intertwines their legs as Tony puts his arms around Steve’s shoulders.
“Sure honey.” Tony leaned his head back against Steve’s broad chest, feeling content and safe and happy.
“Very well.”
“Yea thass good.” Harry slurred as he slowly fell asleep.
They all glance over at the two digimon who introduce themselves as Coronamon and Lunamon.
Yuri just stared at her before breaking into a grin, “Don’t say I didn’t warn you,” He takes a deep breath, the others leaning forward in eagerness, even Flynn, “I work at Dahngrest as a tech assistant to Don Whitehouse, the CEO of Dahngrest.”
“You have nightmares?” Chrom asked in concern, even if he was slightly fearful of Robin being a vessel of Grima, he was still his friend, “Why didn’t you mention it?”
It was a large room with the bed placed directly in the middle, right in front of the large floor to ceiling glass window. There were two mahogany dressers to each side of the bed along with a large chest of overflowing toys in front of the bed. It was sparsely decorated in random art and cultural pieces along with a plush blue rug. On the walls were a few dressers and an entrance to a large walk in closet, with the bathroom door right next to it.
“Coddle, Barmbrack, Irish Stew, Shepherd’s Pie, and Boxty, for Steve.” The hot blonde guy, Steve, grinned and winked at Tony.
“You’re a goddamn giant is what you are.” Taichi throws in the last shot as they stand in front of the group.
Tony glanced at Pepper who nodded her head, saying it was okay.
I also have like 10 other story's I'm working on so hopefully I should get at the very least 3-4 out in the next month, hopefully.
“The knight before Christmas? Spelled K-N-I-G-H-T.” Scott asked.
“Is there anything else you’re seemingly hiding, Daisuke?” Koushiro says, a glimmer of interest in his eyes.
They quickly arrived at Daisuke’s room, where Takeru looked around in wonder as Daisuke quickly got ready.
“She ain’t coming here to take our orders.” The metal arm guy asked, looking in between Tony and the kitchen.
“And what’s the payment?” Jishuka asked, not sure if he would ask for anything.
“Tony, what’s happening?” Bruce’s voice filled with concern brought Tony’s attention to him, looking up and seeing his family.
“Take care T.” Meg said as she handed him a cardboard tray with the two coffees.
Tony grabs the papers and places them into a briefcase that he had as he glanced up at Steve, “You’re free to come back whenever you want. The compound has been the exact same since I’ve been living in the tower working with my lawyers to create these and working with my engineers.”
Tony walks into the living room, pulling a rather large blanket and settling it on the ground in the middle. Tony sits in the exact middle and waits for the rest of his lovers to join him. Steve and Bucky take up spots right behind Tony, letting him lean onto them. Natasha and Clint go onto his left side, cuddling together and leaning onto Tony. Wanda and Pietro take up the other side, taking the same position as Natasha and Clint. Sam and Scott lay across his thighs while Bruce and Thor lay stomach first next to his feet.
Fleur glanced around in confusion, “Is this where we’re supposed to be?”
“This is Wanda Maximoff.” Red head #2 waved, gazing at Tony with concern.
“Ah that stupid bet I had gooing with Ron and Mione.” Harry half asked and half stated.
“Thanks Henry.” Daisuke smiles at him, watching Henry blink in surprise at how Daisuke knew his name.
Alright so like the training fro Tony's Beautifly is completely unrealistic since a bug cannot do that but I thought Wynaut? Also I picked a Beautifly for Tony because while he may be abrasive, arrogant, and arrogant at times he has a soft and beautiful inside. Beautifly is there to represent Tony's "pretty" side that he usually only lets out amongst actual friends.
“Uhh what happened last night?” Cedric asked, caution evident in his tone, as he stared at the massive pile of weapons.
“I, uh, I,” Chrom rasps, stopping and wetting his lips with a quick dap of his tongue, before he takes a deep breath and blurts, “Robin, I love you!”
Tony turned around, offering a shy smile with bright red cheeks, as he dug out his study work.
“I’m pretty sure all of us are having a foodgasm right now.” Steve dryly says, trying to hide his small moans of appreciation.
Bellissima let out an angrier thrill, Clint glanced at Natasha and she only shrugged in confusion.
So Digimon is literally one of my most favorite fandoms, alongside Pokemon. They will always be my top two favorite things, the characters, the movies, just everything about them is so beautiful and they're both made me cry more times than I can count in both happiness and sadness. So hope you enjoy my Daikeru, that I might write a few other oneshots later, we'll see.
Flynn felt like he was riding a cloud to heaven, finally tasting Yuri’s soft lips and the sweet taste of coffee with blueberries.
Obviously everything's OOC like all my characters usually are, I love to portray them in an image I feel like they could achieve if they took different choices. I'm still working on everything slowly cause the way I write it takes me a good 3 weeks to finish a single oneshot for the sole fact that writing so much gets boring after a while. My mind also swirls with plenty of ideas on everything, plus I get like 3-4 new story ideas a day. So just be patient with me, please?
“A Funeral rite? For who?” Tartaglia asked, with a sombre tone.
“Alright.” Tony grinned again before he darted forward, pressing a quick kiss on Wanda’s lips.
Before Daisuke could react he found himself at the bottom of a pile of Digidestined, all of them crying and shouting, besides Taichi who sidestepped with a wry grin.
“Oh god we’ll regret that won’t we.” Hikari stares at Daisuke with a hint of fear.
“I like you.” Natasha, terrifying russian spy, said with a small smile, immediately causing the table to faceplant in shock.
“Uhh we don’t have any menus.” The first brown haired guy said, looking at Tony in confusion.
Pepper paid little attention to him, still glaring at Tony who looked extremely nervous.
“Sure dad,” Rita hesitates before she leans up and places a kiss on Yuri’s cheek, leaning back and blushing, “Be careful you hear.”
Tony got a serious look on his face causing everyone to snap up, “If whatever I had on this server got out we would be having the bloodiest WWIII imaginable. Everyone would be killing everyone regardless of peace treaties between states.”
First off OOC Harry. Second off enjoy.
Before he could dig in, Hermione rushed in with a loud, “HARRY JAMES POTTER!”
“Thanks love.” Steve whispered, reverence and awe at how caring his boyfriend was,
“So essentially you’re gonna give us amazing armor and weapons, free of charge?” Regas said, unable to believe what he was hearing.
“Of course I did, you need to eat.” T’Challa respectfully say’s, bowing his head in a nod.
“Oh who are you going to buy for?” Harry smirks as he stares at Cedric’s blushing face.
“We’ll wake you up in a few hours alright?” Cedric softly whispered.
“Not permanently no.” Robin shakes his head, much to Chrom’s relief, “But I do want to go visit since I have many friends there, they’ll also possibly visit here so that's another option.”
Immediately a song starts to play throughout the battlefield as Robin and Yufinee shoot off, both looking like they’re dancing as they twist and weave through the enemies, leaving behind a trail of Risen, as Elena leisurely follows behind with her eyes closed, trusting in her teammates.
Jean, Amber, Lisa, and Kaeya arrived there first, finding spots to sit on the ground. After came Rosaria, Bennett, and Barbara, and after greeting each other, sat down. Lastly came Diluc, Zhongli, Xiao, Tartaglia, Ganyu, Albedo, and Klee and after some silent greetings, everyone sat in silence waiting for Aether to appear.
“Just relax, I’m going to take care of you baby, you don’t have to do anything.” Tony coos as he places some vanilla massage lotion onto his hand starts to massage his shoulders. Tony rubs his hands up and down Steve’s arm, pushing at the knots and easing the tension out of them.
Yuri just stares softly at Flynn, resolving to fix him and help him, “You don’t need to apologize, I understand. It’ll take a bit, and a lot of talking on both of our parts, but if you want, we can create something new so that this doesn’t happen again, we’ve both changed in these last 5 months so we need to discuss everything.”
“So you’re story?” Takeru asks in interest, leaning forward a bit.
“I said that I wouldn’t mind being yours.” Regas shouted out, before quickly turning his head away as steam came out of his ears.
“I know, the mission was hell with sleeping in a cave or wherever we could find a spot.” Tony groaned.
Tony pulled Steve into the bedroom and sat him on the bed, “Now you get undressed and I’ll go set up the bath for you and then I’ll lead you in.”
“Ah sorry about that.” Tony coughed, chugging his first cup of coffee, “I just don’t know how to respond. I only had 3 friends, now 5 just upgraded 2 people, and that's it.”
“Yes really, I still love you now and it’s been 5 months since we broke up.” Yuri says, a bemused smile on his lips.
Suddenly his family appears around him, identical looks of concern etched on everyone’s face.
