His head dropped forward, chest heaving, before rolling his neck to stare at the ceiling.  The only thing he could focus on was trying to breathe normally, and then on the feeling of John’s hands stroking up and down his thighs.
It was Mrs Hudson’s words which echoed in his ears as he picked up the call from Lestrade the next morning.
His thoughts had narrowed to functions, keeping him in movement.
“What do you think you’re doing?”
“I’m working,” Sherlock cut in, having turned his attention back to the arm.  He was currently prodding it with something, an action which John was certain Mr Russell was going to be pissed about.
“Are you okay?” he asked and Sherlock turned a shade of pink and looked at the floor.
“I mean mostly only in a theoretical sense.  We’re meant to keep people alive remember.”  Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him.  “You know what I mean!  Unobliterated.  Soul intact, that sort of thing.”
“Sorry about that,” Victor smiled, turning back to Sherlock, “Not my favourite relative but you can’t have everything can you?”
Somebody was making snuffling noises next to him.
) and, of course, his experiments, his precious, possibly ground-breaking experiments, were all destroyed in the process.  After this had happened one too many times, Sherlock had an epic strop (
“So this is-”
“I think you’ll do fine,” Sherlock said, looking over quickly.  What neither of them noticed in their rush to look away was that both of them were blushing.
“Well, I mean,
“You’ll be here when I wake up this time?”
“But why kill them?  And why hang about, not run somewhere else?”  John would have thought the first step would be to leg it as far away from the scene as possible and in the afterlife, they could have gone very far indeed.
“That- That I like you,” he muttered “But I know you don’t feel that way, and that’s fine, that’s great, but I just thought you should know, in case you wanted me to leave you alone or- well I don’t know, I just thought you should know.”
A body rolling over his, sun-kissed skin glimmering in the half-light.
Head pounding, nausea, dry throat, there could only be one explanation.  Hangover.  God he was never drinking again.
However, their first meeting outside of class was less ordinary than their original one.
Never ever.
“Oh it is.  Those women have a lot to be angry about and Jenny Highfield does not hold back on her upper cuts.  I’m surprised she hasn’t taken out my shoulder yet.”  This directed Sherlock’s attention to John’s shoulders.  He hadn’t really considered shoulders before.  They weren’t a thing you tended to notice about people.  John’s shoulders were lovely though.  Very strong.  Jenny Highfield better not hurt them.  His mind then wondered what John’s shoulders would look like with teeth marks in them and he cut his thoughts off very quickly after that, on fear of embarrassing himself, because if he did
John looked excited.  “Originally I thought we’d run out of milk because
Most surprisingly, Sherlock found he sometimes enjoyed himself.  The music was abhorrent, of course, and the amount of people sometimes overwhelming but under a mix of adrenaline and alcohol (perhaps sometimes too much alcohol), Sherlock found it easier to ignore his brain’s deconstruction of everyone’s personal lives and simply relax.  He hadn’t brought John to an event yet, unclear about the social acceptability of plus-ones inviting other plus-ones but he would, at some point, once he found out.  Also once he found out how to navigate these social situations without offending someone (which he still somehow managed to achieve).  He didn’t want John thinking he was an idiot.
.  There was also a pressure running down from his head to the small of his back.  It sometimes paused to stroke his hair.  This was more difficult than Sherlock let on.
“You never told me you had a boyfriend,” Lestrade turned on Sherlock accusingly.
.  Couldn’t be dealing with snide comments at a time like this.  He focused on Lestrade, asking quietly, “What happened exactly?”
"Bullet wound.  Left shoulder."  It was clear John wasn't going to say anymore on that subject.
Sherlock struggled to suppress a smile.  “One of the less desirable.  He can be clever, when he wants to be, but I doubt he’s the mastermind behind it all that you’re hoping for.  He might have given them the idea to tag the walls though.  Always was fond of spray paint,” he shot the last phrase at John, with a grin.
John wasn’t planning on anyway.  He was fairly certain those videos contained a lot of him looking completely besotted with his blathering friend and he’d rather that was erased as soon as possible.
“You know, sometimes, I hate the fact that you are a good Defender,” John muttered, angry that he couldn’t hide his inner turmoil.
He realised his mistake.
“Not swaying me.  Come on, let’s see if there’s one we can agree on this way,” he nodded down the aisle, and Sherlock followed reluctantly.  John still has his heart on the fabric one, but he was willing to compromise for the sake of his relationship and his sanity.
Sherlock glanced around and four people suddenly had a violent interest in their coffee, friend, shoes, and ceiling respectively.  “Are you sure they aren’t looking at you?” Sherlock said.  John tried to stop himself from laughing.
John sighed.  “Well, actually I had to go out and buy milk because we ran out.  Then when I came back it was,” he gestured downstairs, “I think she set it all up though so that she could sneak in without me knowing and then you’d be mad at me for leaving rather than her for cleaning.”
“Figured it out did you?”
“Sherlock?  You hear me?”
“It wasn’t a
“Who is this?” He used his best Guard voice, polite yet steel underneath.  No one had called him Healer in a long time.
“Wait what?  Then what’s Victor doing talking to Jake?” John glanced back at the rapidly disappearing hospital.
Sherlock frowned.  “Thought you didn’t agree with the Council idea?”
It was then that John realised they were stood in the doorway and Sherlock
“If it helps, the Yard will pay your membership fee.”
Message sent.
, he mouthed.  Sherlock frowned and Moriarty tilted his head at the silent exchange.
There was also a text from Molly that was 80% emojis of hearts and confetti that was something resembling a good luck message.  Sherlock was sure it was not going to be the only one he received that day.  No word from John however.  Was that weird?  Was he supposed to message?  Or was Sherlock supposed to initiate as John was the one that asked him out?  Or were they not supposed to talk at all before seeing each other?  Or was
“So you really don’t mind?”
When the silence stretched slightly too long, he turned from his computer to look at her.  She was perched on his bed, looking lost for words.
Sherlock smiled. “Hello to you too Dimitri.  Just wondering if I could get our phones back?”
This was the same impulse that could explain how John found himself on the upper level of the Guard station, staring at security footage.  Dull, fuzzy security footage.  If he had assumed his beat was boring, it was nothing compared to the mind-numbing torment that was watching the streets he had walked round, without even the calming effect of feet slamming into pavement to keep his mind occupied.
“John,” Sherlock whimpered at the tender touch. The softness was both too much and not enough. He wanted more but didn’t know how to ask, his words stuck because of the man in front of him.
.  “Stay there or this gets a lot worse,” he said to the girl, shoving her back into the wall.  The thug stalked over to where John was concealed and John found himself thinking
“Case.  I’ll explain on the way,” Sherlock replied, mind kicking back into action.
?”  Lestrade’s ban on the case also involved materials pertaining the case, including all their work identifying symbols near the underground.  John could have cried for the hours he’d spent on it.
He picked up his phone and sent a text that would change everything.
.  They had lost Lestrade a while back, the figure favouring the labyrinthian footpaths.
He stalked out the door and into the nearest lab.  Not-John was hovering behind a table, curious.
“Yes dear.  There’s a group chat.”  She was still engrossed in the papers, apparently finding yesterdays newspaper in the pile.
Then Gladstone smelt him.  The Walk Man was here!
“I think he likes you.  We should meet up sometime, catch up properly.”  John agreed on autopilot and they exchanged phone numbers.  Stamford then made his way back to his office.  John had a lot of questions, namely:
“I’m sure you will very soon,” Sherlock said distractedly.  Something outside kept on catching his attention and John was fairly certain their lunch/ mini-interview was over.  He didn’t quite know what he had learnt from it but somehow he had made up his mind.  He stood up.
questions.
“You don’t think it’s still at the station?”
) was a friend, someone on the outside to rely on.  John had to admit he still wasn’t exactly
Swoops in on the last day of March with a new chapter which means this will be done by April (barring any major catastrophes).  Big old chapter for you which hopefully makes up for the month wait and it means there's only one more chapter to go which is both a relief and terrifying.  As ever, comments and kudos are appreciated (and genuinely do make me write quicker, honest!)
Anyway, as a thank you for your patience, this chapter develops both the plot and... let's say John and Sherlock get closer...
He went to leave and was at the door before Lestrade said “Oh, and Mallory?  Keep this quiet, yeah?”  The younger angel nodded again and bounded out the room.
He was slightly disappointed then, when they pulled up outside Bart's.  Although he was sure it was a lovely place, the only challenges there would be intellectual ones, and Sherlock had that base covered.
Sally went for the more direct approach.
There was a dire moment when he was stood looking at his wardrobe, completely unable to find anything suitable to wear.  Luckily, if unconventionally, a dishevelled, mostly dressed Sherlock burst in with a muttered “for the love of-”, threw some items at John, and hurricaned-out with his wet hair and undone buttons.  John told himself that his shortness of breath was surprise at Sherlock’s entrance.  Just surprised.  Indeed, he was still surprised all throughout getting dressed, even down to putting his socks and shoes on.
Sherlock’s eyes refocused for a moment.  “It’s useful to talk to someone while I deduce.  John is at work, Lestrade said I shouldn’t be working the case, and Mrs Hudson took my skull.”  He said the last part sorrowfully.  He really didn’t know what he’d done to upset her.  The he took his leave, coat billowing behind him.  Walking straight passed Lestrade, he monopolized the first computer he found which was thankfully free.
“I’ll be sure to,” John said, and introduced himself to Angelo.
“John?  It’s been a while.  Thought you’d forgotten about us,” Greg said but without venom.  His usually weary voice (caused mainly by the fact he was surrounded by problems both at work and at home) had undergone a change recently, no doubt thanks to a certain Miss Hooper, and now sounded lighter, as if he’d realised everything wasn’t quite so bad after all.
“...”
And so, for once, Sherlock did as he was told.
“Yes.”
“And?”
“I’m not going,” was the reply before John had even made a sound.
Both stared up, uncomprehending.  A dishevelled looking Mallory stood in front of them, moving restlessly from foot to foot, glancing behind his shoulder every few seconds.
“There’s several questions still left to answer however.  First, how did they remain undetected when they got here?  I believe Mr Faber brings us that solution.”  Here he turned towards John.  “They’re taking on human’s appearances, invading their lives in order to be here.  Faber wasn’t driving our car at all, the Fallen was.”
Gladstone was sat up on the sofa with his head cocked to one side and was staring straight at them as if pondering the weirdness of man.  When he realised he had everyone's attention, he thumped his tail twice against the back of the sofa.
John could not stop fidgeting.
“Good luck, dearest brother.”
“Guess it depends on how much it matters to you.”
“Coffee,” was Sherlock’s only reply as he bound into the workspace.
“Well looks like my work here is done.  John don’t forget your project and also you owe me.  A lot.”  Mike then walked away because he was heartless and John was left alone with his gorgeous, intelligent neighbour.
“You think I don’t like you?”  And yet had drawn him looking starry-eyed?
"They look the same to me."
He scratched the back of his head.  This was not exactly how he wanted to introduce the idea but seeing as he didn’t have any other option he just had to hope Sherlock wouldn’t laugh in his face.
Raz mirrored Sherlock.  “So,
“Wait, what note on which wall?” Lestrade interrupted.
“Yes I can and you know I can so it’d be better for all of us if you just went back to the pub and forget this ever happened,” Victor dismissed and, to Sherlock’s surprise, the man huffed and walked back the way he’d came, taking time to glare at Sherlock before doing so.
John was fairly sure his heart stopped beating and he tensed with the effort of not coming on the spot as his cock throbbed at the sight.  He was fairly certain that if Sherlock didn’t get down here this second he was going to kill the smug idiot.
The girl cringed away from the unexpected voice but nodded at his question.  “Good,” he replied, “you do that.”  Perhaps not the most eloquent of speeches but what else was he supposed to say?  They don’t exactly teach vigilantism in school and saying anything else would just feel cringey.
John’s heart felt like it was going to hammer right out of his chest.
“What do you think?” he asked.
An unspoken rule established at the start of the sketch lunches was that John did not hide his drawings, even the roughest of little doodles on the edges of the pages, small flowers and dogs and houses littering the pockets of space on the page.  Often he’d hand over the entire book for Sherlock to flick through, usually having to defend his robot army doodles.
Only quickly read through so if there are any glaring mistakes please drop us a comment and I hope you enjoyed this chapter :) Thought I would change up the usual guilty Sherlock, exasperated John dynamic- did it work?!
Which, of course, was the single most idiotic thing he’d ever done.
Sherlock’s head snapped to him.  “What?”
“And what’s the benefit for you?  This danger will be drawn to your house?”
“So tell me everything!  Neither of you had come out when I was finished with my statement and I came straight home.”
“You wouldn’t-”
However, he did return to the living room to see Sherlock tentatively eating the treat without complaint.  This warmed his heart and gave him a sense of pride.
“Patience is a virtue,” he whispered, and he laughed again as Sherlock shot back “I’ve never been accused of being virtuous.”
“So what do we do now?”
Mike could clearly also see this and jumped in and John could of hugged him for it.  "Hey, you probably don't remember me.  We had that lab together first year."  John retracted that near hug.  They knew each other?
Their first kiss could be called chaste.  Sweet even.  When they had returned home, both of them finally
He blew out a harsh breath as his back hit the wall and he slid down it.
He felt his eyes fluttering closed, but he fought it.  “You okay?” he asked.
In fact he was so dismissive of biology (unless it was relevant to a case however) that some joked he simply didn’t have one at all.
"Look, I know you're not too good with the emotional side of things but even you can see it'd be a bit awkward, you knowing my feelings but not returning them. And don't bother with that deleting it bullshit, I know it's all stuck in there somewhere." Of course he was going to be difficult about this, precisely when John simply wanted to run and hide like a wounded, scared animal.
After everything they had been through- kidnappings, Moriarty, Mary, Moriarty
“Ah, so you’re jealous,” Greg concluded.
“Client.”
Sherlock was not too proud to admit his knees buckled slightly at the sight but he recovered before anyone noticed.
“Is that it?”
Sherlock scoffed.  “Urgent business.”
John cough to stifle a laugh at the word ‘beau’ while Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Yes, I’m very grateful you didn’t turf him out into the street.  So generous of you to keep quiet about it and just assume I would come and find him.”
“Tea?” he asked the place near Sherlock’s elbow.  Sherlock’s hand skittered over his tools, but he grunted an affirmative.  John nodded, shuffled a few things around, and stared at the kettle for the minutes it took to boil.  He set the mug down, bumping it gently into Sherlock’s elbow to signal its arrival.  He made toast with the same concentration as he had made the tea.
“Someone trying to imitate him then?”
“Sherlock, you okay?” Victor’s voice sounded concerned but Sherlock couldn’t turn to look at him.  All he could see was that name written in Jake’s neat print.
His natural curiosity had always overcome any embarrassment or sense of societal propriety.  Questions had answers and Sherlock wanted answers, so Sherlock asked questions.  It was as simple as that.
“Cheers,” Raz said.  He went to lean back but winced and rocked forward again.  “First you can tell your short-arse friend that he’s fucking heavy alright?”
Luckily he did not have to think of anything more to say as Sherlock jumped in. “You really shouldn’t listen to music that loud John.  What if there’d been a genuine emergency?”
“It’s a flamingo,” she said, waving it above her head to show the yellow beak poking out of the feathers.
about him that John just couldn’t let go.
“Sorry?”
Clearly it was Mycroft.
He steeled himself and tried to stroll down the corridor.  ‘Tried’ as his current nerves meant he felt like he had no control over his limbs.
“You think
Sherlock looked back at Victor, a question on his lips but Victor shook his head, holding up a hand.  Then Oli swung the door in, allowing Sherlock an unobstructed view.  If he hadn’t been told it was the same flat, he wouldn’t have believed it.  The flat was a mess.  The sofa and table in the living area were overturned, books and papers spilled out of a cabinet, the old TV lay smashed on the floor.  The kitchen was a disaster zone of broken mugs, pans and cutlery spilled on the floor and countertops, cupboards open but empty as their contents lay strewn across every surface.  The screen had been pulled down and the bedroom was in a similar state, with clothes concealing most of the floor like a ragged carpet.  The bathroom seemed the least damaged but this may have been only because there was little room to destroy.
Now a word of caution, it's not been edited properly so I'm sorry if the grammar and spelling is all over the shop, but I was too excited to get it out to all of you so I'm not that sorry!
“Of course, you do.  Think of all those people in your precious army you never talk about and I can tell you why-”
He was going anyway.
There was a pause.  “I stand by that.”
They wandered around corridors, and around the edges of open abandoned factory floors until finally,
) “We’re,”
"Fancy some company?"  Both of them looked surprised.  Sherlock didn't know why he said that other than they had just started talking and he wanted to hear more.  He wanted to hear everything.  "The work I had to do fell through so I have time."  Well a small lie never hurt anyone.
).  Jasmine quickly shepherded them through the door into a tiny hallway, leading into a communal living room where most of the crowd were gathered.  Someone had put on some music but most people were either seated on the sofas and floor or stood, all chatting and laughing.  There was a table in the far corner that was plied with drinks and John was suddenly very thankful he remembered to bring some beer with him, even though Sherlock made no mention of taking anything (
They ran to catch up with him.  Sherlock must have spotted what Lestrade had seen before him as he was suddenly enthralled and moved ahead as John fell in step with Lestrade.
) and take notes at the same time, though at a much reduced pace.
“Hello,” was the level reply. Sherlock was glad to hear some amusement in his voice. Maybe this was going to be okay.
He wandered out of the shop and surveyed the scene again.  The jump in vision was being caused by an alleyway, the deeper black causing it to disappear.  This shouldn’t have been a surprise or anything to note, the city full of hideaways and side streets but it couldn’t hurt to check it out, for reassurances sake.  Trying not to be so obvious, he tried to make it seem as if he was headed in the direction of the tube stop anyway, 4 cups balanced on a tray, one in his hand.  The hit of caffeine was blissful.  The tube stop seemed to be perfectly ordinary, a couple of people still meandering down into the depths of the city.  There was the usual amount of graffiti, personal tags crowding each other for dominance of the prime real estate facing the road.
“You’re going to have to involve the police aren’t you?” Victor finally spoke.
“Promise?”
Gods he needed to talk to some being that wasn’t Sherlock; his boyfriend’s love of answers and lack of self preservation were clearly transferring into his own personality.
Lestrade heaved himself up as well.  “Correction, you work better with John.”  Was he really that obvious?  “But, lacking him, I’m second-best.  A lengthy second-best, but still, John’s missing, there’s a shady conspiracy at the Council, and you just collapsed, so supervision is required.”
Lestrade shrugged.  “Had to check.”
Mycroft had helpfully provided a car to transport him back smoothly through the tangle of streets to his desired location.
“John,” Sherlock whispered.  His right hand rose up, ghosting over his jaw.
“Premeditated?” John asked, already knowing the answer.
“Go on.  Show off then,” John said, smiling.  Sherlock’s observational abilities were always fascinating to watch unfold, like watching a mosaic being made, each piece of evidence having its own place in the bigger picture.
Things were looking good and he was fiddling with his camera, taking some test shots to see if the lighting was correct when Sherlock showed up.
“So demanding,” Sherlock smiled and ducked his head to press a kiss to John’s lips.  “Hello John,” he whispered against his lip, drawing his head back but keeping John in a hug.
“And also quite incriminating.”
“Who’s Jake?” John asked.
“What and you waltzing in on your own isn’t?”
“Oh really.  I had an entire plan set up, and you two nearly ruin it by cutting out of the club early.  That’s really not like you Sherlock, you were always such a stickler for a solution,” he said with a pout.
Because at this moment, he could still leave.  Once he stepped through the door that was it, he’d have to deal with whatever was in the building but there was still time to leave. He looked around.  It didn’t
John wasn’t going to bring it up.  Genuinely.  However now the subject was out there...
The resulting clatter brought the attention of the two boys at the end of the corridor.  He scrambled for them and pretended that he hadn’t been stood staring.
“It’s definitely F.A.?” he asked and John nodded.
Then John came over and touched his arm.  Sherlock shivered involuntarily which made John frown.  “Are you sure you’re alright?  You seem a bit spacey which might be shock,” his voice soft and concerned.
a kicker).  Broad, compact body, defined muscles, which his tight grey tank top and shorts displayed very nicely indeed.  Was that a faded RAMC tattoo on his left arm?  There was also the spidery aftermath of a ragged bullet wound in his left shoulder, hidden partially by his vest top straps.  A scruff of blonde hair, kept short which left his handsome face in full view.  A mouth that fell easily into a cheeky grin.  Good grief.  It was like someone had looked down and sent Sherlock’s perfect distraction.
“Perhaps you should enlighten me,” he bit back.  Anything to get the attention away from John.  Perhaps he could give him a window to run.
The universe didn’t help him wallow in self pity, despite the weather.  Half-way through his second circuit he received a message from a Guard patrolling another section of the city.  They’d found the taxi.  It was parked on a residential road, in someone’s driveway, meaning the eye tended to glance over it without registering it as odd.  There was no answer when the door was knocked, and at first viewing the house looked abandoned as well, the car matching the building it was left by like a part of a collection.  He sent a text each to Sherlock and Lestrade with the location and determined to leave them to it, shoving his phone back in his pocket.  He was only a Junior Guard, what did he know about crime investigations or abandoned taxis or people with changing faces?  His thoughts shuddered onto a similar, yet different track to whirl around and he was quickly lost in them once more.
for this.
That didn’t stop his gut from clenching when the lift doors dinged and opened.  It opened out onto a waiting room with an empty secretary desk along the left side wall and some comfy chairs alongside the other, creating a runway up to the door.  The door itself looked out of place, oak wood contrasting the cream and lilacs of the room.  It looked imposing and ominous and it reminded him of-
However, when he checked his pocket, he realised his phone was abandoned in their flat so he reasoned someone passing by would notice the strange message and would pass it on to the Guards.  Lestrade would get to them eventually and until then, it was up to him to prevent Sherlock from pushing his lack of self-preservation too far.
Of course this sparked the most enthusiastic investigation the Yard had seen for many years: discovering Sherlock Holmes’ second gender.
He didn’t notice at first.  Might not have noticed at all, if the door hadn’t slammed, startling him and nearly ruining the left wing of his latest bee sketch.  After glaring at the culprit, he turned back to the bench and saw it.
Sherlock sighed, as if lifting the weight of his own head required herculean strength.
“Yes.”  John looked up and they locked eyes, ocean blue to liquid silver.
“I can’t help if you’re a telepath John.”
They got caught.
“You’re the genius.  You work it out.”
“Mallory,” Lestrade nodded.  “Shall we?” he said, indicating to the lift that had just arrived.
John, instead of laughing however, looked inordinately pleased.  “Aw, well, thanks,” he said, scratching the back of his neck.  He did that when he was happy but unclear how to show it.  Don’t ask how Sherlock knew this.  His mastery of human body language had somewhat extended to ridiculous levels in a short amount of time when it came to John Watson.  “So busy weekend coming up?”
Sherlock’s breath caught.  If this was a trap he was going to kill Raz right there in the living room.  Mrs Hudson would be pissed but it would be worth it.
The Fallen himself was either a visual learner (the Guards did a course at the beginning of their training- unsurprisingly, he was a practical man himself), or had a dramatic urge that must be adhered to with as many stereotypes as possible.  Evidence?  In the middle of the room they had commandeered, there was a sprawling virtual map showing the sprawling metropolis that was the afterlife.  John was certain that if the time on this case wasn’t more pressing, Sherlock would have commissioned a real parchment scroll map for the thrill of it.
“I’m flattered John.  Let me re-phrase.  How do I know he’s a Fallen?”
“Oh yeah?”
He repeated but it still sounded like a ball of consonants and vowels rather than anything that could be described as a word.
So apparently chapters are now fortnightly (every two weeks) but they're about double the size of the early chapters so I guess that levels out??
They easily identified the main stumbling blocks to their new relationship.  The most pressing one was probably themselves.  So they talked.  Communication wasn’t either one’s forte but, when push came to shove, they could just about manage it.  Just.  It involved a lot of looking at the floor and more blushing than either expected but in the end they agreed on certain things.
“I don’t think that really counts then- Sherlock!”  John, having wrangled the piece of hair into submission, had walked out of their bedroom, only to be faced by his beloved lying prone on the sofa, still in his pyjamas.  “Sherlock?  You are still coming out yes?”
Lestrade called when Sherlock’s boredom was on the tipping point between manageable chaos and lethal destruction and so it was to all the residents in 221’s pleasure that a case had presented itself.  Sherlock had bounded out the flat in his usual flurry of action, glad that his mind would once again have something to settle and focus on.
.  One of the few certainties of the total termination of existence had always been the lack of feeling at all, physical or otherwise.
“But you have seen it?” Sherlock insisted.
It was a Friday.  Why John held onto this detail later would evade him but it felt very important for him to remember that the case started on a Friday.  It is also important to note that there were certain topics they didn’t talk about.  John’s army days and Sherlock’s wings.  Everything else could be skirted around, implied, alluded to or otherwise but not those two. It didn’t stop John from feeling burningly curious.  Sherlock had said he wasn’t here illegally so there had to be some explanation, some quirk in the system perhaps, or one of his experiments gone wrong.  He could be lying.  John hoped he wasn’t and chose to believe he wasn’t but without knowing...
The storm had rolled in and 21
“They found the car.”
After Sherlock had stormed off, he had gone back in to Mrs Lincoln’s and silently stewed while she meandered her way through several answers.  Lestrade kept on glancing at him, clearly desperate to ask what the hell was going on but bound to the procedures of the case.  When the questioning was over and they had walked down to the street, John cut him off before he started.
“And you could never leave London.”  Fact.  London was chaotic and noisy and brutal, but it could also be calm and quiet and home.  John reminded him of the city, why he loved it, and the energy rolling off of him was matched by hum of London.
,” he swung to John, “to keep quiet.”
It was as the first creak of the stairs occurred that John launched himself out the window.  He half-slid the window down but Sherlock pushed him out the way and down the set of metal stairs, reminiscent of the one’s they had climbed in the other building.  Leaving Sherlock to shut the window, he clattered down.  They led to the back of the buildings, the thin land between this set of terraced houses and the next.  Not wanting to risk another house-break, he took a left.  God he hoped Sherlock had made it out. He spared a glance back, and sure enough the Fallen was right behind him.  John dropped back, Sherlock’s navigational skills being sharper and he was led a twisting route that somehow landed them at the back of Baker Street.  Sherlock threw himself at the sliding ladder that consisted of their own fire escape and gestured for John to go up first.  He scampered up and shoved the window open.  It took a few tries, the old wooden frame protesting at such treatment but eventually it reluctantly offered enough space for John to fall through.  He ended up sprawled on the floor of Sherlock’s bedroom.  A few moments later, Sherlock slipped through the window, elegant as always and immediately asked “John what
“So John...” was Molly’s opener.
Irene stood blinking at the boy before her.  Victor appeared at her shoulder looking suspicious.
“Hey Sherlock.  You ready?”  Lestrade asked.  He looked exhausted but chipper.  The round-up was clearly going well then.
"The ladder hasn't moved," he said suddenly and in his peripheral vision he could see Sherlock smile.
Sherlock laid there stunned by the sudden conversation shift.
He fell asleep with the feel of John’s humming an unrecognisable tune in his ear, John’s hands stroking his back.
When he met Sherlock Holmes, he was sure he had been caught.  There was no way this man who could tell him about his mental state, his service, his sister, all from a few glances would be oblivious to his secret.
“I can imagine.  Lot of paper rustling.”
so long as their favourite recreational establishment, whether it be a club, a coffee shop, or a pub garden, was installed.  It always was, and so people were pretty happy.  Despite the vastness of the land depicted, the map was incredibly detailed.  Apparently, the cartographers here liked a challenge and had nothing but time on their hands.  Upon the map, Sherlock was meticulously crossing off tube links, colour coding them as they called them out.  Some were easy to figure out.  Yellow= Symbol spotted.  Blue= Nothing there.  But then there were reds and purples and one circled viciously in green which made sense only to the angel that was scribbling them down.  Instead of being sensible and moving the map to the edge of the table however, Sherlock was having fun launching himself across the table and sprawling himself across the surface to reach the other edges, and John?  Well John had Thoughts on that but once again, a practical man, he did as he was told and ignored the stretch and reach of Sherlock’s limbs in his tight-fitting clothes because, as the humans would say, Jesus Motherfucking Christ.  Thus, security watch although tedious, at least gave him a focus.
,” he said, spitting out the words.
“Hello handsome.”  The voice startled him out of his own thoughts.  He didn’t know whether to be shocked or flattered until he looked up and realised that the man was talking to the dog.  Once again, he was
“This belongs to someone?” The Fallen looked at the arm with some surprise.  John merely raised an eyebrow, so the Fallen continued.  “Well obviously it
John expected Sherlock to be ecstatic at the news that the game was back on.  He certainly played the part well, bouncing up to stand on the sofa, gesticulating wildly while talking, and stating the day should be a national holiday as the universe finally stopped being boring.  However, it seemed to John he was merely overjoyed rather than nonsensical with excitement.  There was a hesitancy in declaring it “wonderful news” and he had not attempted to race out the door in his pyjamas, as was his habit when his emotions took over his actions.  Instead he chased into his room and returned fully dressed, chiding John for not getting his shoes on.  The fact the detective was barefoot himself was not apparently relevant.
"Last night? Oh last night. All forgotten, I assure you. You don't have anything to be concerned about," Sherlock drawled, indifference plastered over his face.
Greg made a low, sympathetic sound.  “John, I’m sorry.  That, well, that sucks.  There’s no other, intelligent way to put it.”
The person existing Sherlock’s room was not Sherlock.
Failed.
“John this isn’t funny.  What happened to the kitchen?”
So far, no Sherlock Holmes.
“The Guards noticing something?  That’ll be the day I retire.”
just caught you a murderer so if you want any more information...”
He passed through the threshold and let the door swing shut. He took it all in, the dim hallway, the clash of patterns between the chair and the wallpaper, the side table with the simple lamp, Mrs Hudson’s front door.
It was one of the better pictures he had to admit.  He was crouched on a rooftop; the image was from a zoomed in camera from across the street.  His masked face was turned away, looking at something down in an alley.  His body however was on show, and through the dim lighting, the definition of his muscles under light-weight kevlar and lycra could be seen.
“I know you heard me.”  Sally was leaning against the opposite wall after being instructed her ‘pacing around’ otherwise known as
“I thought of you,” he blurted out and really brain?  Now?  Although every time he’d thought that previously, John had either been into it or at least gone along with it.  Maybe he should trust his instincts.
He couldn’t help grinning back at Sherlock’s cheer when the door crashed open.
Lestrade nodded.  “Understood.  But you can’t live on this decimated platform forever.  Mainly because now, it’s technically a crime scene.  Come on,” he said, holding out a hand.  Gently, Lestrade pulled him up and frowned at his now bleeding hand.  “We’ll get that sorted out too.”
“Okay.  We’ll be in touch.”
One was the fading scent of heat and specifically from Sherlock, the scent of an
him, as much as he adores you.  He’d take away the threat altogether.  Luckily for him he failed but that does rather leave you in a compromising situation.”
“You coming in or what?”
.  He needed to see John undressed.  Now.
“Raz?”
Because it was Sherlock. In his bed.  Sleeping.
“Of course I was worried.  After everything we went through last year, after you literally had to leave everything behind, you think I don’t worry?  I suppose I didn’t want to overwhelm you before you’d found your feet.  I did not realise you would feel left out, an oversight I won’t be making again.  I don’t know how to say I’m sorry enough.”
came back and suddenly, rather than being a nuisance, his awareness became an advantage.  Now, without any immediate danger, he was stuck between peace and chaos on a near constant basis and it felt like going back to square 1.
He started sat in his chair.  Casual worked, right?  But maybe too casual.  Sofa?  He’d noticed John’s eyes roving over him while he’d been lounging, sleep shirt riding up to expose his stomach.  However, when he tried to lie down, somehow he couldn’t find a comfy position, the pillows weirdly lumpy, his t-shirt twisting strangely, and nope, this wouldn’t do.  He stalked to the kitchen to bash some equipment around in annoyance.  This was ridiculous.
Hands roaming his body, stroking, caressing, chest, stomach, inner things.  A hint of friction causing him to whimper but ghosting away frustratingly.
It was the exact dimensions of their old sofa.  They did not fit on it comfortably, all elbows and knees and limbs and laughing and manoeuvring.  It ended in kissing and whispering and sighing and more giggling.
and the fact existence was a tricky subject for angels anyway, but John had decided that in human terms, Lestrade looked the oldest and so he was allowed to make all the jokes he liked.  Served Lestrade right for Mother Henning him.
happened.
First, he had a rather interesting case which meant that on the day they moved in to their new flat, he was six miles away chasing a chinchilla down a residential road and trying to figure out how to explain this to John in a way that didn’t make him look ridiculous.  (John did think it was ridiculous an couldn’t look at him for several days without giggling uncontrollably).
“John,” Greg said in his ‘I am now going to tell you just how stupid you are’ voice.  Unnervingly Sherlock also had a similar voice but he used it with everyone.
“Explaining yourself.”  The tone was still pleasant, as breezy as a garden party in late June.  However Sherlock knew his brother and, as usual, he was in trouble for something.
“No.”  She raised her arm again in warning.
“Victor don’t you have somewhere else to be?” Sherlock huffed.
"Yeah really," John said grinning.
John was not alone in his boredom- Lestrade was there, Sherlock having fun reminding him that he wanted to be involved at
“You stay here and check the victim’s files for Council links.  Start with Faber,” he said, buttoning up his coat.
"I have.  I just wanted to see if you have been listening," Sherlock said and looked at him.  Sherlock had been extoling the powers of observation at him for weeks.  They were stood so close John could see the different shades in Sherlock's eyes, even in the dim light.  Sherlock looked way, cheeks flushing a light pink.  John also looked back at the photos hurriedly.
The car eventually rolled up outside Baker Street and it felt...it felt...
Lestrade was already there, standing back from the general chaos happening around the found car and overseeing the collection of evidence.  He was scowling so it seemed like this was not going well.  John questioned the merits of throwing Sherlock into the mix.  Would he find something?  Yes.  Would he get yelled at?  Also yes.  Before he had time to stop him though, Sherlock had launched himself into this melee and shouts could be heard from both sides, the Fallen holding his own against the Guards.
Sherlock took this as his cue to step forward that little bit more, to bring his hands up to cup John’s face so his fingertips could brush at that soft hair at the back of his neck and to kiss him.  Finally kiss him.
“Why?”
At Sherlock’s words, John saw the outcome play out in the elder Holmes’ emotions and let out a breath of relief.
“I’m watching.”  Sherlock seemed fine with this state of affairs, lounging back in his seat, and staring out the window.
“Yeah, I’m fine.  Just uni, you know?” John said, flashing a small smile that didn’t reach his eyes.  Sherlock did not know but realised the evasion for what it was.  Maybe they weren’t quite that close yet.  Maybe he really was just tired.
“I’ve managed to find people on less.”  It would have been immodest, if it hadn’t of been true.
Lestrade sighed.  “Sorry there isn’t more to it.  All the technical elements have been dealt with.  You’re registered on the system, the link to the Below seems good.  Had orders that this was a great place for it.  All that’s needed now is you.”
“Look, just shut up alright,” Lestrade said tiredly, scrapping a hand over his face.  “I’m going to go get the car, we’ll be able to keep it near those parked ones down there so we ‘re not as noticeable and it’ll give us a good vantage point.”  He said the last bit to himself, already moving down the road.  “Stay there,” he shouted back to the other two.  Their matching innocent “who me?” expressions made me him smile as he walked away.
“It’s the symbols sir.  They’ve gone.”
“And one we would have got round to,” John insisted.
When his professional brain set in, his impression of the stranger was ‘Oh Shit.’  Because there was a
“Yes, why wouldn’t I be?” Sherlock snapped.
“I wasn’t suggesting otherwise.”
someone.  Oh no, it had to be the gorgeous guy from across the hall.  Dressed in shorts and a vest top, it looked like he’d just come back from a work-out and he tried desperately not to stare but how the hell was he not meant to when his neighbour looked like
“You were thinking very loudly though.”
fork right here right now.”
on no sleep?”
, people eavesdropping often ground to a halt and then awkwardly pretend to tie their shoelaces or get out their phone to pretend they were not shaken to their core.  Sherlock Holmes did not giggle, but then again, he didn’t have friends either.  John Watson seemed to be his only exception.
“John”
“Molly you’ve met most people, how many of them were polite?”
“You sure he’s one of them then?” Lestrade asked.
“Explains why a lot of people tried to warn me away from you.”
It is a truth universally acknowledged that when someone instructs you to ‘look casual’, looking casual is the last thing you can do.  In fact, you become the most obvious person the world has ever seen.  A sequined, rainbow dress, feather boa and flashing sign saying “LOOK AT ME” could not make you more obvious.  Leaning against something becomes impossibile, you forget entirely what to do with your hands, and conversation is about as easy and delicate as an elephant performing spinal surgery.
“Quite.”
Sherlock shoved his hands into his pockets and shrugged.  “Run the test and you should be able to tell me that.”  He filed away the fact that Molly gave quite the side-eye.  “Angelic presumably.  It’s for an active investigation, including the disappearance of a Guard.  Call Lestrade if you must have official sanction.”
“Alright.  Where are you?”
John, the one who would invade Afghanistan to help who he could or would shoot a cabbie just to save a man he barely knew. A man of instinct and reaction, self-assured in his choices. A man who had waited for so long and Sherlock felt a stab of guilt, knowing he could give him little to repay his time.
“As if you could do that to me Mrs Hudson,” he said, his voice croaky from the impromptu nap.  She raised an eyebrow at him and disappeared back into the kitchen.  The sound of the kettle being clicked on was a reassurance that tea would indeed be soon available.
“You?  Caring about ethics?  And technically he would be helping an open investigation into a Guard’s disappearance.  I think I can swing it, legally speaking.  Also, if whoever’s playing havoc with the Council reveals themselves, irreparably breaking the rules of governance as we know them and calling into question the entire foundation of our legal system, I don’t think their first priority is going to be chastising me for use of resources.”
“Course he didn’t tell me.  When does anyone ever tell me anything?” Lestrade said bitterly into his coffee.
"But what if-?"
“Yeah,” John said, shrugging at the obvious.  Sherlock didn’t do obvious.
“Shit, maybe you can’t hear me,” Lestrade muttered, titling his head to look at his ears.
what your boss wanted to tell me?  That’s what they sent you to say?” Sherlock said incredulously.
John was smiling.  “Sweet you think we’d need two.”
“Indeed.”
“We went out yesterday, I haven’t seen him since and he’s not answering his phone.”
“I thought you already knew! I mean come on.  The texting.  The secret smiles.  The
“What theory?” Lestrade said appearing behind them.  “You didn’t mention he had a theory,” he accused John.
Silence.  Then:
“Oh. My God.”
You could tell the two were related.  In fact, John felt an odd sense that the elder Holmes was like looking into Sherlock’s future.  Both raven haired, both with keen, steel eyes, both looking at each other with polite curiosity.
“So glad you didn’t hold back on that.”  Molly then hesitated and Sherlock’s heart plummeted.  “And I would love to.  But-”
Ex-Army, that much was obvious (and wasn’t
“No windows,” John supplied, happy that in this game of deduction he had a head start.
“You have no idea.”  His voice was low, murmuring to himself more than to the other Fallen.
Sherlock kept repeating these to himself as he walked the few steps it took to stand before John.  His first instinct was to bury his face into John’s neck, to wrap his arms around him, to feel himself become enwrapped in his John, to feel the reassurance of his touch, his voice.
Instead of heading upstairs as expected, Sherlock led him down into the depths of the building, the lights flickering on a split second too slow so they were constantly moving into the dark.  The doors in the corridor seemed to lead to another set of lab rooms and Sherlock was about to swing into one when-
at this.  Plus there was the bonus of getting to boss Sherlock around while he tested and trailed various poses.  He disregarded the idea of Sherlock sitting on the floor almost immediately, causing a put-upon sigh from his model as he heaved himself back up to standing.  As he moved both Sherlock and the camera, he felt the unfocused concepts pull together and crystallise so he could see the rest of his project forming.
The teens didn’t even have a time to stammer a response before a mist descended over them and they fainted on the floor.  He’d never seen Sleep mist up close before, it’s use strictly prohibited and technically illegal for anyone not in the Guards.  However, it was a move that fixed the lesser problems in John’s life.
,” Lestrade said, exasperated already.
“But we’ll find some other way-”
sometimes.
Things were decidedly
“Yeah, when were you going to tell me the creepy guy on the phone threatening me was your brother giving me the ‘don’t hurt him or you have to deal with me’ conversation?” John teased.
Victor didn’t look convinced so Sherlock quickly changed the subject.
wrapping paper.  Sherlock made sure the door was locked while he snapped some photos of the chaos.  It was when they’d returned from a long ambling walk (during which Sherlock oscillated between wondering if John walked this way and determinedly NOT thinking about Jo- the dog walker) that Mrs Hudson cornered him.
It wasn’t that he was ungrateful for the chance to experience things as humans did, as this would surely be useful with cases, and he had a number of experiments that he was eager to try.  However, the problem was that he never seemed to have time for experiments because of the demands of his humanity.  Breathing, eating, sleeping, walking.  There was a constant list of jobs and expectations and requirements.  It wasn’t that these were difficult tasks individually, but collectively they were
“I deduce things.  Observe what everyone can see but cannot put together.  People are idiots sometimes,” he said, sighing, thinking of the Yard.
“Pretend what?”
“Hey, be careful! I was one of the strange and outcast.”
Only 1 more chapter to go! :D
“Like create the messes in the first place.”
Molly continued.  “And if he’s a dick, I’ll beat him up myself.”  That did make Sherlock smile, the image of tiny Molly Hooper storming into class to square up to John who, although not tall, was at least a head taller than Molly, and her yelling at him until the cows came home, set up shop, and retired.
He had walked past the magazine stand twice before relenting and picking up a copy of
This stalled him.  “I believe the day you admit I am right, the universe will have no other choice but to collapse in on itself,” Mycroft said lightly.
“You think someone’s going to be murdered here tonight?” John asked seriously.  Both him and Lestrade had straightened up at Sherlock’s words, ready for action.
Sherlock briefly explained about the police station, and John waiting, and John asking him out, and about the kiss on the cheek, and explicitly did not mention the falling-on-the-desk moment because he wanted the scraps of his dignity intact thank you very much.
John mumbled something, looking away.
“Look will you-”  Whatever reprimand Lestrade was about to give him was cut off by Sherlock blustering out of the alleyway again.
.”  John was smiling too, with the same hyper “oh my god this is actually happening” edge.  “Are you free tomorrow night?  I know it’s short notice.”  Bless him for assuming Sherlock had plans that did not revolve around the unpredictable chaos of casework and John’s exercise classes.
“Tell me what’s going on.  Why aren’t we going to question Jake?”
It had been three months since their residency on Earth had become a permanent fixture and, considering everything, they felt it was going quite well.  They were both alive for one thing.  They had a roof over their head, food and water, they were
John nodded.  Clearly he was still half-asleep.  He still hesitated though, a fear of Sherlock being captured on his own running through him.
“UNHHHHHH.”
“Will you dance with me?” he asked and Sherlock’s features mirrored John’s own: soft eyes, slightly dopey smile.
John had initially enrolled in the medicine course which had been...fine.  Well, some might call it an unmitigated disaster but John liked to think some it went okay.  He’d signed up initially because it was what his parents had pushed him towards.  Doctor John Watson: now there was a proper job, a job to be proud of, a job that helped people.  John had liked the last idea and thought that would be enough to pull him through.
“You weren’t there.”  Sherlock didn’t say it as an accusation, it was merely a statement of fact, a request for a why.
“Hey!”
“Not really.  Just hoping they go the same way they did last time.”
“I seem to remember basically admitting that you were the best thing to happen in my life, so I think I’ve filled my quota of dramatic declarations for the day.”  John kept glancing at Sherlock’s lips, but he played dumb.
“Yes.  You know him, you have his number.”
. The shocks ran out into the room.
He didn’t see it.
Sherlock huffed.  “It’s not my fault you chose pink.  You could have had any colour elephant you liked.”
“That...would actually be quite helpful,” he said, begrudgingly.
“Why what?”
He didn’t need to be told twice.  Sherlock tilted his hips up and suddenly he was left wearing nothing at all.  His breath caught in his throat at being so exposed and he ducked his head, fairly certain it was more a blush lighting up his cheeks rather than a flush of pleasure.  It was ridiculous to be shy.  He
John would readily admit he had been worried.  After agreeing to move in, he had received a text from Mike wishing him “Good Luck!” and saying he always had room on the sofa when he needed to run away.  Not if,
“Explain.” Sherlock asked when he reappeared.  Both Victor and Oli seemed reluctant to step too far into the room, looking around warily as if the assailant was still inside and would attack at any moment.
Sherlock turned his glare onto the Guard instead.  “That doesn’t seem very technical for such a delicate process.”
“Stakeout?” Lestrade said, resigned to his fate of not sleeping.
Sherlock frowned and sat up.  “What?”
didn’t.
"Pleasure to meet you Sherlock," Bill said, holding out his hand.  He looked like it was Christmas.  John was going to have to keep him as far away from Sherlock as physically possible, even if it meant sending Bill to NASA so they could put him on the moon.
“Never,” John nodded.  “Born and bred.  Where would I even go?”
Sherlock stuck his tongue out, so John made a face, which made Sherlock snort into his tea.
“You hold yourself as military, even when relaxed and that rugby tackle was a mixture of army training and actual skill, you must have learnt somewhere.  Your manner, the way you instruct says Captain but you’re not old enough for any higher rank and you wouldn’t be away from the action anyway.  Tattoo on your arm is RAMC and you have the bullet wound in your shoulder, so they weren't exactly difficult.  The limp was a shot in the dark but a good one, you sometimes favour your right leg, I don’t even think you’re aware of it, as you otherwise rest on it fine, so it’s as if you’re expecting a pain that isn’t there.  Your phone is on the table and came up with Harry a few moments ago but you didn’t notice.  He started the message with the words ‘bro’ and as you aren’t twelve or American it suggests an actual sibling.  One you’re not close to though as they would know you don’t actually like being called ‘bro’ at all so brother you are not close to, older if I had to guess and I never guess.”  He was actually out of breath when he’d finished.  John’s expression hadn’t changed, and Sherlock swallowed nervously.  Was there a way to back-track out of this?
Mrs Hudson, their beloved landlady, was brilliant in many ways: she gave them reasonable rent, supplied the boys with enough baked goods to feed the British Army, didn’t complain too violently about the odd hours Sherlock seemed to keep and had a past so interesting and diverse that even Sherlock conceded he may never fully understand every aspect of it.  There was, however, a problem.  Mrs Hudson loved looking after ‘her boys’, as she called them, and had apparently taken it upon herself to ensure the flat remained clean, if not tidy.  John didn’t mind this so much as the only disturbance to his day was that he had to hunt in more cupboards for things (and often found they were in a much better place than before and so left them there) but for Sherlock, Mrs Hudson’s help was a source of never ending frustration.  Papers were moved, dust disturbed, his favourite mug had gone missing on several occasions (“
Lestrade laughed.  “You’d get bored otherwise.  You’d have no else to talk to.”
“Aw thank you!  How are you and Sherlock?  Is he still leaving body parts in the fridge?”
to see Sherlock.
John knew that something was up.
“The colours were in a chequered pattern.  Patchwork.” John announced, his memory of the book hazy.
He shuffled his way across the hallway, his head still pounding.  He could only think a few steps ahead.  This stupid errand first.  Then a nap which would hopefully clear up any other side-effects of the jump.  Then abuse Mycroft’s high security level to begin the pursuit of the truth.
“If you think I know anything about all this then I’m sorry to say you don’t know me at all,” John said.
Two words.
Frankly, by the time they had to leave, he was exhausted.  This was useful in the fact that he couldn’t concentrate on what had happened the last time they were in the bar but did not make him a reliable detective’s assistant.
“What happened?” Mycroft tried again.
“It’s just a shock you know.  People rarely leave, and you’d think with us being here,” she gestured around to encompass the general ‘afterlife’ area.
So he’d said he would think about it.  Now, two years later, here he was.  Happier.  Slightly more confident.  Totally not paying attention to his lecture because all he had was the image of next-door neighbour in running shorts in his head.
Sherlock seemed to hesitate.  “I’m going out now.  I said I’d go look at this case for Victor.”  John heard the hidden question in his words.
“You stole my laptop and the tabs were open.  You should be more careful with your secret crushed,” John retorted, wagging a finger in Sherlock’s direction.  It was easier to tease him because the only alternative was to start to hyperventilate.  That may have been slightly suspicious and John had
As he had nothing but time, it was difficult not to get stuck in a rut of thought patterns, repeating yesterday like a mantra until it became the only thing he could see, only thing he could think of, only thing that seemed real.  This is perhaps why he bumped into three different people, each time shaking the images from his mind and vowing to ignore it.  He had practice at ignoring things.  Usually, he was excellent at it.  Today seemed to be an exception.
“Just your face,” John said, and Sherlock blushed without meaning to, an annoying habit that had started as soon as he and John began their friendship.  “Wait, that sounded weird.  Look, I’ll explain later.  I’ve got to go but can I come round at like 3?”
He opened his mouth to reply.  No words came out though.  How to explain that things were worse than he’d imagined, entrenched and twisted and possibly bigger than he could fix?  Because this meant that there wasn’t a
The usually kept curls were in a messy riot, the pressed clothes crumpled, as if they had not been meticulously smoothed before he swept out the house.  The rigidity in his posture had relaxed, making his movements slightly less graceful than usual.  A scarf was slung round his neck but was failing to conceal what looked suspiciously like bite marks.  In a word, Sherlock was dishevelled.  In a few more, he looked
“Tomorrow night would be perfect.  I actually know a place that would be good.  The owner actually owes me a favour.”  Taking John to Angelo’s would ensure he would not stop hearing about this for approximately 80 years from the excited Italian man but his restaurant was suitably atmospheric and had a menu he would actually eat from.
“And the day you admit I’m right?”
“And you’re here now because?”
“Yeah, data like what’s in John’s shorts,” Molly muttered and Sherlock spluttered.
“But you were never meant to kill us and we’d recognize you instantly when we escaped.  Don’t be offended, escaping was an inevitability.  Why take us to a secondary location at all?  It was an abandoned station, I can think of plenty of places to stash us.  So I would state you didn’t know about the location at all.  You were told a location and a time and you knew you had to take us there specifically but you don’t know anything at all about the background.  We weren’t supposed to be able to ring the Guards either.  Ooh, something was supposed to happen but we screwed it up for him.  That must have been annoying.  I need to look into the warehouse then.”  Sherlock stood up to leave, still entranced by the connections forming in his mind, dismissing and amending theories.
There was, however, one piece missing.
“Probably.”  Sherlock was on the verge of a sulk.
.  It’s not just a symbol.  It’s a
They both realised John’s plan at the same time.  For both of them, it was a fraction of a second too late.
“Only if you forgive me.”
To figure out how they got caught in this nonsense required thinking back several hours.
Clinically he began.  “To get to the Below requires a lot of energy.  More energy than one angel can contain.  The Council siphons a small amount from each angel in taxes for emergencies but even then only angels can travel through their portal, registered on the system.  The Fallen needed to create an illegal one which they are able to pass through.  Historic buildings have a unique position of being connected to those in the Below world, hence this station.  The energy has come from those they destroyed.”
disappointed in this fact.
“Crime scene.”
Feel cold.
“You know I think I’ve worked out why you don’t wear these bloody things,” he said, scowling at the offending item.  Sherlock was glad because this gave him time to pick his jaw up from the floor and wrestle back the urge to tear off John’s suit until he was left in nothing
Well, it was all rather anticlimactic. Of course there was the feeling of peace, of calm, of finally being in control.  But Sherlock was certain things would have changed while he’d been away.  On the plane and drive over, he was gripped with a dreadful certainty that something new or dangerous would be hovering over his flat and would prevent him from returning. However, apart from a new coat of paint on the front door, 221 looked the same as always.  The street was quiet and the atmosphere was peaceful in the late hour, only a few people wandering. A curtain twitched upstairs and for a few precious seconds a shadowed figure was discernible. Sherlock felt his gut lurch and his breathing hitched.
“He wouldn’t tell me.  Seems like its sensitive information, probably from close family or friends, though it’s useless to speculate without more data,” Sherlock answered, annoyed.  Patience had never been his strong suit.  “Oh and there was something about a party as well, this Friday I believe.  We’re both invited if you want to go,” he added on, almost as an afterthought.  That was how people invited others to parties, wasn’t it?  By acting nonchalant?  He inwardly cursed his lack of knowledge; how was he supposed to impress John without a proper basis of information?
“And I thought I made it clear you’re not going into danger alone.”
“He lunged pretty far.”
Dammit.
“Yes, I’ve been up and down all day.  Figured I’d actually tidy seeing as neither of you were ever going to.” She paused before continuing, gently. “You haven’t found our John then I take it?”
As he walked towards Baker Street John still considered turning around again.  He’d been considering turning back round since he’d left his flat.  And at the tube stop.  And on the tube (he fought an impulse to pull the emergency cord, although that was his main emotion while on the tube,
“What the fuck are you doing?” he asked bewildered, as his arms were jolted about.  He started to panic Sherlock was having some sort of fit when he replied.
“Where the fuck are my wings?”
He was suddenly feeling very out of his depth.
Lestrade ducked through the door to reiterate “Stay the fuck there,” before disappearing again.
“Really John?  A cab driver is killed, a man who looks the exact same drives his cab around for an hour and half, and you think it’s a coincidence the tracker cuts out?”
“Ugh, don’t remind me,” John moaned, arm flopping dramatically over his eyes.
In response, John pressed one last kiss to his neck before tilting Sherlock’s head back to look at him.
"I was not!"   Well not now anyway.  Later, after he'd told him exactly why he'd kept his past with Sherlock a secret instead of telling him like a mate should.
He didn’t buy into the bullshit about premonitions or an angelic sixth sense.  He did however know that once you’d done this job for a while, there was a specific sinking sensation in your stomach that happened whenever you were about to encounter something Bad.  Capital B Bad.  Around this neighbourhood he was currently walking round, a resemblance of a 21
That’s not what I meant and you know it.
He could have wept when he heard sirens 33 minutes later.
“It’s my flat!” Sherlock protested.
“As if I would dare!” John laughed as he swung himself up back onto the roof and disappeared.
But the photos did all make him look strong and powerful and, if he could say so himself,
Sherlock sighed.  “Awful memory John.  To see someone so recently and not notice them.”
“And how long have you been hiding upstairs?”
“Chipper?  That’s the word we’re going with?”
“John.”
“I don’t know.  Maybe you could tell me.”
“Not if we stop it first,” Sherlock said, and he exited the cab, which had just rolled to a stop.
Luckily he knew exactly where to find him.
Sherlock grimaced.  “Lestrade wants us to help interview family members, friends,
The room went very still.  Mycroft looked at John.  “You had not mentioned?”
John scowled.  The thought of being that close to their murderer was unsettling.  “Why’d they drive us to the scene?  Surely they’d know-”
.  Mostly it was about stupid, small things, like class work being awful (John), classmates being stupid (Sherlock), a weird bruise that could either be rugby or alcohol related (“Rugby obviously”, “Obviously?”, “From when that guy slammed into you last Saturday”, “Aww, you came to the match?”, “I can go to places other people are John, it’s not unheard of, and no, I’m not blushing!”) or deductions about people around them (Sherlock, often followed by a giggling John saying “Shhh, they’ll hear you!”).  Most of the time, Sherlock and John played an unspoken game of trying to get the other person to lose it laughing, though neither would admit the true reason why.  At the sound of Sherlock Holmes
“Is your shoulder okay?”  Maybe that was a bit abrupt but luckily John had already proved he didn’t mind the lack of tact.
“One of us.”
3) You may have noticed the chapter count has gone up- I was writing what I thought was the final chapter and it kept going...and going...and going so I decided to upload the part I had written rather than slamming you with a huge chapter sometime next week and making everyone wait for ages.
He looked down at his hands, noting the scratches on his palms.  A small piece of glass was still stuck in one.  He circled it.  Probably against medical advice to pull it out.  However no one here was focusing on him so he pinched it between his thumb and forefinger.  It stung a little as he drew it out, the cut welling with black liquid.
“Owww,” Sherlock complained sluggishly.  “Whhhhhhy?”
“Will never happen brother dearest.”
All of the thoughts: who, when, why, that were tumbling around his head came to a screeching halt as Sherlock cupped John’s head in his hands.  For a wild, irrational second John thought he was going to kiss him.  His eyes nearly fluttered shut in anticipation before he caught hold of himself (helped in no small part by Lestrade sighing dramatically about a foot away).
“Ah.”
“I expect you to join me or die as well.  Looking at the state of you it’s probably the latter.  Such a
“You think he knows we’re onto him.”
He didn’t know how this always happened to him but he was blaming the universe because clearly it hated him.  It totally wasn’t the fact he had slept in late and snoozed his way through the four alarms he had set.  Or the fact his room was so messy it was a struggle to find where his jeans were.  Luckily past-John didn’t hate future-John that much as his bag was ready to go so he only had to grab it and his keys on the way out and run out the door.
“Then how is she relevant to this?”
“You okay there gorgeous?”  Sherlock shivered at John’s hoarse voice.  He’d done that.  They’d done that.  Together.
it was urgent.  The man missing the arm, Damien Russell, probably thought it was urgent.  But it hadn’t been
Lestrade looked at him in exasperation.  “How many times have I told you about breaking into my office?  And yes, unfortunately for you, I am serious.”
"Oh I see," he looked down at his feet. How had he been so stupid to expect that Sherlock wanted someone like him? "We'll if that's what you want, I can respect that. Um, if you want me to move or whatever-"
“Never said you couldn’t.  And who does this magical meet up include?”
“Yep, boyfriend.”
Sherlock nodded.  “He considers you a friend.”
“Hey.”
“We checked them first, found nothing.  It’s only this gym that these victims have come from so we’re guessing it’s a localised operation, probably from within the gym itself.  We want you to find whoever’s responsible for this.”
Sherlock fought the urge to stick his tongue out.  “John is an excellent medic.  And we will be returning to the Above with you, so I’m sure we can suffer your presence for a few days.”
A soft laugh that sounded like sunlight and music.
Sherlock was good at crafts.  He would deny this until the universe imploded but the decorations around the house for the Halloween party and everyone’s birthdays begged to differ.  When confronted he said they were store bought
“Not even going to defend yourself?” Sherlock smiled.
“When’s my birthday?”
“I understand that confessing your affection for one another was a priority-.”
“I’m just saying warn me next time.”
He stared for a moment.  Then he turned round and cut Lestrade’s exasperated reply before it started.
“You may wear you’re pyjamas if you wish.  Now the sooner we deal with this, the sooner you may get on with,” he waved his hand.  “Whatever it is you need to do.”  He stood up and nodded.  “Downstairs.  Five minutes.”  With this he left the room, presumably to continue being a dick elsewhere in this ridiculous home.
“The whole powers thing? That I didn’t tell you? That I have them at all?”
“Raz,” Sherlock said with a pout.
“John.”  Nothing.
“Sherlock are you sure you know what you’re doing?” he said as he shot a pleasant smile towards the woman getting out of the lift who shot them a startled look.  He had a bad feeling the only thing preventing them being stopped was Sherlock’s imperious demeanour and that wasn’t exactly full proof.
“Yeah I know.  Thanks Greg,” John reluctantly conceded.
Sally did not move.  “So we’re just letting anyone in?”
A bet was placed.  Whoever could find out Sherlock's secondary gender, or successfully guess the person who discovered it would get the prize money and, more importantly, would be honoured above all others as truly, the greatest detective on the force.
suit, and he was trying to distract himself from being distracted by Sherlock and basically, it wasn’t the poor woman’s fault.  They had been stood waiting for the barkeeper for quite a while and they exchanged the usual questions about who they were and why they were there and how they knew so-and-so.  Then she laughed.  And then she touched his arm.
“Flatmate?  I didn’t realise he had one.”
“You’d have made an excellent boy scout,” John mused as Sherlock worked.
?” was the only thing he could say.  Molly shrugged, which was not useful.
was being ridiculous.  He paced back, dragging a hand over the violin Mycroft had given him as a parting reminder of the debt he was owed (John tried to say it was a gift, his sweet, naive beloved, but Sherlock knew the truth).  This was not the sort of nervous energy that would be dispersed by playing, so he kept stalking back and forth, back and forth, until something caught his eye.  He turned, startled.
Because of the above, this chapter hasn't been beta read very closely so please feel free to mention any mistakes or errors (as always)
John glanced at him.  “What?”
"Why are you being like this?"
He sniffed.  “Ridiculous.  Sentimental.”
“Magic,” Sherlock stated.  “Non-angelic magic.”  Angelic had at least four more syllables than it really required but John let it slide in favour of making sure his shoulder wasn’t wrenched from its socket.
It took a moment for John to realise Sherlock was giggling slightly.  He shifted his arms to look down at him, tilting his head.  Sherlock looked up at him, still laughing.  “I only meant to tell you I liked you.  This was something of a surprise.”
“We understand that Miss Lincoln, truly.  We just need you to answer a few questions, if you feel able,” Lestrade said.
“Nesting protocol?  Are we suddenly in America?” Sherlock asked.
“Nothing of consequence.”  Right, memory lane ticked off.  Now for the proper work.
(It was at this point Molly wished she could start filming this to send to Greg, Mrs Hudson, Mycroft, the entirety of the British population...  Sherlock on the other hand wished to hit his head against the wall until he passed out because then he wouldn’t open his mouth again, as conversation was clearly beyond him.)
“I could have got you killed.”
Sherlock was stood on the road, rocking back and forth on his heels and scanning the road for something.  Instead of heading towards the café next door, Sherlock led him a few streets away to a coffee shop where they sat in the window, John with a large latte and Sherlock with an Americano he didn’t touch.  As they walked in, Sherlock’s wings drew attention but either he didn’t notice the stares or, more likely he didn’t care.  John was not thrilled about the attention and sat facing the door.  He supposed now would be a good time to question why he was being shadowed.
“What a
She was holding his cane which he had dropped when the adrenaline had kicked in and it had rolled down the alley in his short tussle.
The Fallen that had seemingly taken to following John around London.
Sherlock scoffed.  “Everyone thinks you’re nice.  But I- I
“Is that-”
He watched as the others worked, until the computer stopped whirring and recalibrating, and Sherlock stopped messing about the microscope, and suddenly, Barry Faber’s face was staring at them from the screen, a shot before and after he woke up in the afterlife.
“Ah yes, because they are so different, the grey and pink elephant.  Clearly you have disproved my point.”
And so that was how John Watson ended up propped up in bed, stark naked, writing his report on his latest piece, while Sherlock Holmes, also stark naked, was loosely curled around him, alternating between dozing and criticising his grammar.
Oh, and Molly messaged me that you might be acting up today.”
He had to admit Sherlock knew how to dress him.  Nothing ostentatious, jeans and a button down at its basics, but the navy colour brought out the depths in his eyes, made him more rugged than run-down.  He could have sworn he’d never seen the clothes before though.  He wouldn’t have put it past Sherlock to have smuggled them in at some point today for this exact occasion.  Thoughtful git.  He also knew how to dress himself.  It wasn’t much different from his usual get-up, hair a bit more ruffled, wings a little less, shirt clinging more (John didn’t realise that was possible).
Well that was the mood ruined.
John, pleased with his efforts, was groping/holding Sherlock’s arse and sucking rhythmically on his tongue, causing Sherlock to gasp on each pulse.  He’d been semi-hard since the alley but now his throbbing cock was trapped between their bodies and if he shifted- yes, John was too, grunting as Sherlock ground them together.
“They may have seen you.  Could burn the system,” Sherlock said, lost in thought.  John’s thoughts came crashing down.  Fuck but that would mean-
There was no reply.
“Sherlock.  Sherlock no.”
“Yes.”
John tried not to laugh.  “Was it the peach?” he inquired politely.
“It’s a film.  She’s got a bag that- and you’re not listening.”  He wondered what Sherlock was obsessing over.  It was like watching a bloodhound sniff out a scent, once they locked on it was difficult, yet not impossible to distract them away from it.  It was also perhaps a way to maximise the drama, plotting moves to truly put on a magic show that was finding evidence.  This was demonstrated by the calm way Sherlock darted his hand under the seat and produced a feather with a flourish.
“Extra data was required.”  This was something of a lie.  In fact it was a complete and utter lie.  The police had already attained a warrant to search Jack’s staff locker and had found what Greg termed ‘an
way but I was right!  I was so right!”
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispered in his ear, refusing to let John move back and see his face.  "For what you said and I know you did something extra, I know it and just-."
"Oh yeah.  John Watson, new dog walker," he said shaking Sherlock's hand.  Sherlock hoped his intake of breath was not audible. But also dog walker, sounds permanent meaning-
Perhaps it was these thoughts that prompted his revelation.  Perhaps it was simply being in the right place at the right time.  Perhaps he wanted to impress Sherlock a little.
Fuck.
Lestrade considered.  “I’m
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to pry,” he said, for once actually meaning it.
Sherlock had been running away from a very upset, burly man who had not been terribly happy about Sherlock deducing him in front of all his friends (
“Still, it’s nice to have a kitchen where we don’t have to worry about biohazards,” John suggested.
An offending patch of wall that was missing a symbol.
“Now you’re just embarrassing yourself.  Sherlock’s a friend,” Victor dismissed with a little wave.  “You can’t tell me what to do,” Larry said stubbornly.
He wasn’t complaining.
He was brought back from his nostalgia by 3 things: 1) the racquet emitting from the radio which the DJ had the audacity to call a song, 2) the fact that, instead of a garden, his new kitchen window overlooked the dirty alleyway behind the building and 3) he had just put his hand in
“Promise.  Now go, otherwise you and your suit will be making a dramatic late entrance.”
“Me?”
There were small variations, obviously, but most fell into the rough categories easily.  Raz however was a combination of the three.  His legs were spread apart, as if he was lounging on the tube going home.  His spine however curved away from the back of the chair, pushing his torso forward.  The hands on the table were clasped and squeezing.  Something
“Well of course it can’t.”
“Follow as back-up,” Sherlock ordered Lestrade and then John was jogging to keep up with him as he took-off at a quick pace.
“I’ll be sure to bring him back!” Molly piped up, appearing at his shoulder.  “I’m going to have to steal him away though as I have a date tonight and have promised to give this one a lift home first.”  Sherlock was both thankful and curious.  What date?  Had she mentioned anything about a date?
He had to blink twice to keep his eyes open.
“Pleasure to meet you,” he replied, equally politely.  Jasmine’s smile was rather infectious and it was difficult to fight the urge to beam right back at her, despite not knowing anything about her
He did the only thing possible.  He rang Molly. Again.
“Well it’s an important moment, I thought it merited some formality” Sherlock joked, waving at the surroundings.
And John needed to join him.  He drained his drink and stood.
They both looked to the interrogation room.
“John, open the door.”
The ‘Sherlock was an incredibly good looking genius who could be an arrogant sod but also incredibly thoughtful and funny when he wanted to be and was awakening his latent bi feelings’ problem.
John laughed a little.  “Yeah.  Really amazing.  Can you do that with anyone?”
“What?”
"Hey, hasn't failed me before."
“I missed you too.  So much.  But we’re here now.  We’re both here now.”  Sherlock couldn’t do anything else but nod as he allowed himself to be soothed.
Scruffy was the main descriptor.  His shaggy brown hair was in desperate need of some scissors, his two-piece tracksuit was frayed on the sleeve cuffs and there were had holes in the knees and elbows.  He was sat hunched, tilting forward with his cuffed hands clasped together.  All in all, he could have been here for possession or a bust-up in a pub, something low level that would go on a record but not worth an arrest over.  His eyes betrayed his purpose however.  They were sharply focussed.  They were also unerringly staring at Sherlock.  John glanced over to the switch, but it was stuck firmly on the mirror charm setting.  A lucky guess then.  Maybe murderously glaring was just his default setting.
“Not exactly ethical for a Senior Guard,” Sherlock muttered but followed Lestrade’s lead.
After ringing Molly and blurting out “JohnaskedmeoutwhatdoIdohelp”, and then repeating it so it was actually intelligible, Molly made a noise that can only truly be described as the sound equivalent of “!!!!!!!!”.  After her squeaking stopped they were quiet for a minute, both trying to wrap their heads around this earth-shattering news.  The conversation that followed did not start off as one of their most eloquent.
John pulled back reluctantly, leaning back in to press small biting kisses.  “Come on,” John said eventually, pulling him towards their bedroom.  On the one hand, it was the fantastic news he’d been waiting to hear.  On the other, it involved letting John go in order to move.  As a compromise, Sherlock took the lead to drag John past the door and to press him up against the wall.  He kept him pinned using his natural height as an advantage, locking hands and raising them above John’s head.  The kiss was wild, the frustration finally finding an outlet through tongues and lips and teeth.  Sherlock was so distracted in fact that he didn’t realise John was only humouring him.  This was brought to his attention when John deliberately rocked his hips forward, causing Sherlock’s grip to falter as the sensation shot through him and he eagerly pressed back, only to find himself pushed backwards to hit the edge of the bed.  John laughed as shock turned to pouting as Sherlock found himself not attached to his boyfriend.
“You’re blackmailing them,” Sherlock stated, with sudden clarity.
Still he didn’t open it.
"So it’s real huh?  That was brilliant," John said with a wondrous look in his eyes.
Molly sounded resigned.  “Look, we’re all just worried about you.  Stop being a baby.  Anyway, there was a legitimate reason for me knowing about your case, if you must know.  I’m a member of the gym and was just wondering if you wanted someone to go with you who actually knew the place and instructors.”
home.
“You could just ask for me to search,” he grumbled.
“Well there’s one way to find out,” Sherlock said.
.  Ominous coming from their one shared contact but Mike had seemed pretty happy to help Sherlock with his investigating, so it couldn’t be entirely awful.
“You seen any more of those signs?” Greg’s voice was casual and he was staring straight ahead.  The investigation into the signs had stalled and agitation was setting in but Greg would be damned if he showed it.
"Been there.  Someone fell through our table last time we hosted," John said.
“Exactly.”
John frowned.  “Because you’re a good angel?”  Sherlock silently stared into his tea.  “Wait, you don’t think you actually belonged there do you?” John said in disbelief.  Sherlock merely shrugged, which broke something in John.  “Hey, look at me.  There’s no way you belong there.”
Things were going
Mycroft looked between them, nodded once, and got up.  Once he was out of the room, John stood up and started pacing, rubbing the back of his neck.  Sherlock fought down a smile.  Angel or not, his nervous habits were still the same.
“Sherlock, what the fuck was that?” Lestrade asked, but he was ignored.  Sherlock only had eyes for the information he sought, the one that would either corroborate the main theory he had or would destroy it completely, forcing him to start again.
He walked backwards, dragging Sherlock in by his coat and using it as leverage to press their lips back together into an open mouth kiss that turned filthy both way too quickly and not soon enough.  The door swung shut with a resounding slam as John backed up until his legs hit the bed.  His hands pretended to help Sherlock get rid of his coat when in fact they mostly got in the way before one lodged itself in Sherlock’s hair and the other ran up the front of his shirt.
“Exactly John, you are on top form,” Sherlock said, throwing him his jacket, before about-turning and throwing himself back down the stairs.  John (after checking they’d locked the door and he had his phone) followed suit but this was still too slow for Sherlock who was pacing in front of the door.
“You said they wouldn’t look the same by now,” John said to Sherlock who nodded.
He did not spill A+ blood over the kitchen table rather on the shower curtain he was currently testing.  (Most of it could be cleaned up but the stain had to be covered by a microscope and a prayer that Mrs Hudson never noticed it).
Lestrade pursed his lips, considering.  He begrudgingly nodded.  “Okay.  Just make sure he’s quick about it yeah?”
floor.  John was about to ask how he knew where he was going but it was a pointless endeavour.  He resigned himself to the unexpected, letting Sherlock know by heaving a massive sigh.  Retaliating, Sherlock poked him in the ribs with an elbow, smiling slightly.  Dammit, he knew John couldn’t resist that shy smile.
“I believe it should be me asking that question.”
Stop the target.
“Of course you were.  Not suggesting you weren’t.  Just mentioning that if that big brain did not automatically translate into muscle strength you could start a little easier rather than straining yourself and getting an injury,” Molly shrugged, grabbing her water bottle from their spot.  Sherlock had been sceptical when Molly said they had to defend their little area like it was their own homes but as the class filled up he could see what she meant.  Some of these people were vicious.  He may have admired their tenacity had they not clearly been trying to invade his
climbing to the summit.
Lestrade appeared in the doorway.  “You okay?  I thought you were keen to arrest this guy, do some more gloating?”  As they were leaving, Sherlock taped out a response.
“I can make a pretty good guess!”  There were not, as a general rule, many detached limbs in the afterlife.
“Right, here should be safe enough,” the boy said.
“What is with you Holmes’s and the word affection?  Is it 1912?”
Sherlock was definitely looking wary now.  “Well, you weren’t there.  This morning.  In the bed.” He then frowned, as if puzzled by his own need to clarify where they had both been not 30 minutes earlier.  John stared at him, undecided whether to hug him or hit him.  Or both.
Not-John quirked an eyebrow.
either.  It was a delicate balancing act, one that had to be rigidly enforced.  One war was considered quite enough.
“Obliterating souls is horrific though, it’s not even regularly illegal, it’s a declaration of terror, it’s-” John’s stuttering thoughts finally caught up to Sherlock’s.  “It could start another war.”
For example, she was smirking as he stepped through the studio door and jumped at the sight of her, looking two seconds away from bolting back the way he’d come.  He composed himself quickly and stalked over.
“I prefer the term consulted.  Adds a little legitimacy you know?  Jim Moriarty,” he said with a little nod to John.
anyway.”
They both sprang apart.  Around the corner of the corridor they heard yelling and Sherlock simply said “cleaning trolley” as an explanation.  They both waited, poised, as if a dangerous criminal was just going to waltz round the corner, but nothing happened.
No one knew what Sherlock did when he wasn’t at the Yard.  It wasn’t as if he discussed his weekend plans with any of them and frankly, beforehand, no one had thought to ask.  It was like Sherlock was a teacher from school; you never thought of them having lives outside it until you spot them in the frozen section supermarket one day.  However, all attempts to follow him were futile.  Upon leaving the Yard, Sherlock would either hail a cab that brought him directly back to Baker Street or scurried off down an alleyway and disappear.
“John,” Sherlock said trying not to startle him into dropping his beloved camera.  He did not want to be on the receiving end of the fallout from
“Err so the coffee machine broke so I went to the coffee shop over there.  No one else in the shop, just me and the barista.  About three people walked past?  None suspicious enough to note.  Noticed the station, thought it would be worth checking out.  Oh, my eyes kept on jumping over this alley, so I decided to look here as well.  Symbol was as in the picture, probably my eye height, about A4 size, bright yellow.”  Sherlock looked about to speak so he hurried on.  “No people around, no one walked past the alley while I was here.  I looked further down but as far as I was aware no signs of life.  I took the picture, texted you, then went to stand under the streetlight.  Didn’t see anyone enter or exit the alley while I was waiting.”
“No.”
"Ah John," he sounded surprised, as if it was unusual for his flatmate to be in the shared kitchen. "Yes. Breakfast, good, yes."  John felt a ball of worry begin to grow in his chest.
A young angel whirled round.  “Yes sir,” he said, running forward and handing over a tablet.
"Irene, the barista, said I should talk to you."  John stopped smiling.  Suddenly he regretted his understanding with the barista.  She clearly had sold him out.
jealous of the dog.
“I need you to check these for me.”  He produced several clear plastic bags out of his coat pockets.
Suddenly Raz gave a lopsided smile.  “Alright Sherlock.”
‘PURGE’ the sign said, block captials.
“Bed,” he managed to pant out, expecting John to set him on his feet.  Instead, he was lifted away from the wall and he clung on with his arms wrapped around John’s neck.
toe-to-toe.
“It’s not mind-reading John,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes.
The room was shrouded in a hazy darkness, light battling through the curtains, to tinge the space yellow.  He didn’t bother to flick on the light.
.  Equally the idea of not stripping John down was also unacceptable and so he towed the back out onto the street and they made their way slowly back to 221B, hands clasped together for easy manoeuvring of pressing the other against lampposts, closed shop fronts, and the occasional bus shelter.  Before they could get charged with public indecency however, the front of Speedy’s came into view and they tumbled through the flat doors and up the stairs.  Sherlock had a need to push John up against the front door and rut against him, but he was certain that if they started that they’d never get upstairs and would scandalise Mrs Hudson (or even worse, would
“I had it under control,” Sherlock smirked at the figure in front of him that had dropped from above.
He'd brought some guy from the rugby team for moral support.  Instead they were being dicks.  He didn't know what he'd expected.
Sherlock smirked.  “I’ll be sure to pass that on.”
"Sherlock Holmes," he offered, with a head tilt like a puppy.  It was one of the cutest things John had seen.
It was about three weeks since Book Gate.  Things were quiet as the weather got colder and people retreated indoors.  Sherlock preferred this weather as he could wear his beloved coat and other students generally left them alone.  The only reason to be upset would be that John wore more layers so Sherlock couldn’t pretend to not stare at his arms.  John did not like this weather and made sure to let everyone know about it every six minutes on the dot.  Sherlock had timed him.
“So it’s definitely him?” John asked.
“It is perhaps unwise to be so abrupt to the person that has been hosting your beau.”
Of course, this was John and Sherlock.  They could make all the decisions and agreements they wanted, hell they could even plan everything down to the exact hour and day.  Their lives and temperaments however would simply do as they damn well pleased, not minding the good intentions of our earnest pair.  And
“I don’t
John couldn’t help laughing.  “Fine.  You are your own boss.  But Mrs Hudson can’t clean around you forever.”
It was Irene and John couldn't help but feel a little disappointed.  Her black hair, usually carefully pinned up, was loose around her face and her work clothes were swapped for a sparkly black dress.  She looked amazing and if John wasn't so far gone on Sherlock he'd of considered trying flirting with her.
Though sooner than both boys were expecting.
“Clothes off,” John said, with an edge of a captain’s demand to it.  Sherlock sat up slightly and wriggled out of his shirt while John unbuttoned his trousers.  He sighed at the release of pressure and lifted his hips, so John could pull them and his pants down.
“Helping.  Now close your eyes and calm down.  When I say one, you jump.”
.  He had chosen the shop that was six streets away, rather than the one around the corner, and he meandered the aisles, picking things up as he stumbled across them rather than having a targeted attack strategy.  As he picked up Mrs H’s shopping, he grabbed milk and bread for their own flat, as well as an array of biscuits, Sherlock’s preferred tea brand, and at the last minute, some mini-quiches.  Why Sherlock would deign to eat them when he was in a mood, out of all the food-stuffs on offer, he had no idea.  All he knew was that to get Sherlock eating something would be a miracle and these were his best bet.  Plus if he didn’t want them, John figured he and Mrs Hudson could have a lovely gossip other them, in which Mrs H talked about the scandalous neighbours and John had a nice, normal conversation, with a nice, normal person.  It was the simple things after all.
He collapsed on his elbows to watch John undress above him, pulling his button-down up over his head and Sherlock practically salivated at the sight of the defined chest and arms which were revealed.  He batted John’s hands away from his jeans and unbuttoned them himself.  John was smirking above him as he focussed on pulling down denim and briefs.
John coughed, screwing up his courage to look at Sherlock again.  He had a project to be getting on with.  “Right.  You ready?”
“Don’t know what kind of jobs you’ve had mate but they must have been real shit.”
fence.  And we caught the suspect so they forgave the trespassing.” Sherlock shrugged with a small smile on his face.  He then turned his face away which John has noticed him doing a lot whenever he smiled, as if he was uncertain what to do with it.
John turned and looked at him.  It was only then that he registered what he had said and back-tracked.  “No, no, no.  Sherlock.”  John caught his arm as he tried to move.  “
He dragged his phone out of his left coat pocket, huffing again to ensure Mrs Hudson knew just how much of an ordeal she was asking of him.  It was Molly.  His interest was stirred slightly.  Perhaps there was an interesting body in the morgue that might possibly be worth looking at, if he could be bothered of course.
Sherlock nodded.  “Can’t say how many but I’m sure this is not an isolated incident.”  At Lestrade’s obvious displeasure at the news that he was not dealing with a small tagging case but a possible new uprising, John decided to look on the bright side.
Sherlock was thrown backwards as a blast ripped through the station.  For a few moments, all was chaos.  He couldn’t hear or see or move, each sense an amalgam of panic and loud and fear and purple, so much purple.
“You kept it?”
He’d spent the morning quietly wandering around the shops, wondering why there needed to be more than one brand of toaster.  Maybe two at a push, for those that wanted the extravagance of toasting four slices of bread at once, but surely there wasn’t the need for all of this?  He considered cornering a member of staff and asking them to just sell him a toaster but one) he feared being asked any questions that required him to say more than “I want it to sit on the counter and toast bread when I want it to” and two) he didn’t want to turn into
“Yeah sure.  What’s up?”
“Just saying hello.  No need to jump down my throat.”
"Come here, look at this," Sherlock ushered him over to the desk.  "What do you see?" John went and stood next to him.  His heart rate picked up as he realised how close they were standing.  The sound of the party was muffled by the door, making the room a small, quiet pocket where it was just the two of them.  He tried to concentrate.
“Sure that’s fine.  I’ll see you then.”  John said goodbye and hung up.  It was then that Sherlock caught up with what he’d agreed to.  John was coming round here.  To his room.  A room which currently looked like a landfill site had hit a tornado.  He looked at his phone.  2:15.  Ah.
It ...wasn’t a terrible plan.
, it was an acceptable time to get ready.  His mind, grateful at the chance to save itself from stagnating, jumped into action.  However, it may have overshot “enthusiasm” and ended up hurtling towards “terror”.  Not at the beginning.  Another shower to wash off the traces of blood which he’d been informed were not particularly reassuring either in or out of context, a lot of maintenance work on the hair in order to make it curl just-so rather than look like it was only barely following the laws of gravity.  However as one curl steadfastly refused to be flattened he thumped the desk in a panicked frustration which sent sparks of pain shooting up his hand.  The curl would have to stay.  Every decision after became slightly more difficult- It came to a head with the choice of shirt colour.
“I’m listening” he said, intrigued.
“Lestrade will be onto it,” he offered but Sherlock shook his head.  “He can’t be far.”
Lestrade sighed and John tried not to laugh.  He had heard
John couldn’t think of an appropriate response and so reached over and pressed their lips together, hoping the simple kiss would express his gratitude.  Sherlock moved to deepen in and made an annoyed huff when John pulled back.
“I know.  What do you want?” he snapped.
“Where is Jake now?” Sherlock asked.  He’d need to question the man himself.
From what he could see, nothing had changed apart from the place being slightly busier (there had been signs about a drinks offer on when they had entered).  A glance at Sherlock seemed to confirm he hadn’t spotted anything suspicious either, the tell-tale gleam in his eyes when he spotted a clue being absent.
John’s concentration was obviously broken when Sherlock climbed up onto the other end of the sofa and crawled until he was curled up in John’s lap, his legs stretching across the rest of the cushions.
“Sorry,” he said croakily, backing up a bit.  John let him go reluctantly, dragging his hands over Sherlock’s arms and holding onto his hands.
“Er, hey Sherlock.  Sherlock’s friend.”  He nodded at both of them, stumbling a little over the word friend.
said goodbye.  Mike started shouting out helpful advice such as “Have fun on your not-a-date” and “I think he likes bees, you should work with that” and the ever-wise “Use protection”.  It was not the first time John questioned his choice in friends.
John had forgotten all words.  He knew he should be saying something but lord knows what it was.  What did people normally say?
He nodded and followed Sherlock in a daze.  Trailed up, up, up until London was laid out before them.  Soon they were sat in the back of a cab.  Seemed like a good idea, quicker route home, less time to think, think about hands and connections and-  But now they were in the back and their knees were almost touching, and he couldn’t look at Sherlock but he could see him in the reflection from the mirror, and he could just reach out, stroke a hand through his wings, he could, but he couldn’t, and so he sat, stock still and this was hell it had to be because-
*******
“John.  There is nothing between me and Victor.  I can see how you might think that but I swear I don’t think I can or will ever feel for anyone the way I feel about you.  I love you, plain and simple as it is to say.  And yes I did just say that,” he added, noticing John’s shocked expression.  “All I talk about sometimes is you.  My friends set up a drinking game around it.  They even had to complicate the rules because simply taking a shot every time I mentioned you would have given them all alcohol poisoning.  I’m mad about you.  I’m sorry I haven’t shown it recently but I was worried about you.”
“Shut up,” he huffed.
,” she emphasised, gesturing with her coffee mug.  She watched as it dawned on the others, Victor reacting with a drawn out “Oooooh” and Molly with a squeak.  Irene simply shook her head.  They were both hopeless.
you.  But also yes.  A little.”
looking but it was obvious he was nowhere near Sherlock’s level of beauty that even Sherlock himself must have noticed and oh god, all of Sherlock’s friends were going to be there and-
His magic had been severely weakened and he rarely used it anymore, getting frustrated when he hit his limit.  On top of that emotional manipulation was not his greatest skill.  He hadn’t bothered to learn much as his own morality stopped him but he had the basic knowledge and he had to try at least.  Anything that might help his Sherlock.
It had started three weeks ago.
“Sherlock, where have you been?  You need to come round more often, you bring him yes?” he said, turning to John who looked thoroughly amused.  Well at least one of them was enjoying this.
“Nothing,” Molly sang and looked innocent.
“Fine.
“I thought you would both be busy saving the lives of millions.”
“So how long did it take to construct your theory?” Sherlock asked with a smirk.
Sherlock sighed as if he was the most put-upon angel in the cosmos and stalked over to him.
Lestrade huffed and hunch down into his coat.  “Think they’ll be able to notice us soon enough, three blokes not even able to read a bloody map.  Can we go somewhere a bit warmer?” /
The pieces began to slot together in Victor’s mind and he did not like the picture that was beginning to see.  “What do you think is going on here?”
They both looked startled at Sherlock’s sudden appearance and John winced slightly at the fact that might look guilty.
John’s eyes flicked up guiltily to see a judgemental eyebrow bring raised at him.  “I’m listening!” he protested.
“Why?”
He could go through the drawers, but they didn’t hold the usual pull.
Sherlock looked round at the chaos of his room that he’d promised his mother he’d tidy and the cold case Lestrade had palmed off on him as ‘important’.  He tried not the think that even if he had a proper case he would probably drop it just to spend time with John.
“Come on,” he said, pulling John towards the stairs.  “There’s no privacy in this damn house,” was the last grumble the people spying from the kitchen could hear.
The adrenaline rush was starting to abate slightly and his legs felt wobbly.  Far too much excitement for a Thursday morning.  He propped himself against the counter, going through the mundane ritual as a balance to the unusual.
“I mean, what. Do. I. Do?  How do I not mess this up?”  Sherlock thought he had been explicitly clear.
perfect.  All that was important was the feel of John, alive and happy, in his arms, and the truth that he loved John and John, apparently, impossibly, loved him back.
Sherlock however was stood next to a strange looking piece.  A metal bar outline encasing a leather-look boxy sofa, far too small for one of them to fit on, never mind both.  And the bright pink wasn’t particularly inspiring John either.
“Proof?”
“I need you to make sure it’s real.”  A piece of ex-soul was extracted with a pair of tweezers and gently put onto a slide.  It was strange seeing Sherlock being so delicate, much of his life seeming to happen in bangs and crashes and explosions.
“Sherlock, promise me you will be careful.”
“So you do talk.”  Lestrade smiled.  He then stood up.  “I’ll come back to you later then, if that’s all you have to say for yourself.”  The door slammed shut behind him.  Raz did not seem to notice or, more accurately, didn’t give a shit.  His unsettling eyes, which had been settled on Lestrade, slipped back to staring at Sherlock.  As Sherlock eagerly stared back, it seemed a ghost of a smile crossed Raz’s face.  Maybe not a lucky guess.
John resisted the urge to simply pick Sherlock up and march him back to the flat, stopped only because his shoulder was aching from the odd angle and sudden reintroduction of blood flow and his tiredness.  He settled for hooking his good arm around Sherlock’s back, stretching out his wing to cover him from any sharp objects or crumbling brick work.  Before leaving them though, he checked the pockets of the men, and grabbed a phone off of the manager.  It was too much to hope they’d find their own phones but any way of contacting help was better than nothing.
“Well, you will be happy to hear he is now one the Guard’s personal liaisons at Barts, picked it up after Cameron retired last year.  Nice for you to catch up I guess, but don’t forget to ask if he’s seen the arm,” Lestrade said distractedly, glancing at his watch.  Although he attempted to be punctual, it seemed as if Lestrade’s life always existed half a minute behind everyone else’s.
He didn’t have much, a suitcase and some boxes, and he borrowed one of the squad cars to shift them (promising Greg he would bring it back the second his boxes landed on the doorstep and that he wouldn’t tell anyone else otherwise there would be pandemonium).
John pulled back for a second.  “You’re a menace, you know that?”
“But how?  Wouldn’t it be suspicious- Oh,” Sherlock stopped as he saw what Lestrade was planning.  The DI simply smiled at him, looking far too pleased with himself.
“How?”  He seemed genuinely interested, not just humouring Sherlock but actually intrigued as to the answer.
“Sherlock! Thank god you picked up.  Are you busy?”
“Your date,” Mrs Hudson said absent-mindedly, peering at the papers on the desk table, judging if she could safely move them.
John shook his head, looking over as Sherlock peered at the walls, an officer edging towards him to make sure he didn’t touch anything poisonous or any potential evidence.  It was a battle to see who could withstand the lack of personal space.  The officer was losing.  “No idea.  We don’t talk about it.”  He looked over to Lestrade who was looking curiously at Sherlock’s wings.  “He doesn’t have anything to do with this Greg.”
And the building began to collapse.
Sherlock paused for a second.  Lestrade hadn’t explicitly said anything about bargaining but his sentiment might swing it and either way it wouldn’t be his problem to deal with.  However, it wouldn’t do to let him be too cocky.
“That growly noise you did?”
He willed his body not to tense too much, lest the person wake up.  John knew before he opened his eyes that there was only one person it could logically be yet he couldn't believe it until he saw it for himself.  He cracked an eye open, only to find his vision obscured by the same black mane he had been dreaming about.
“Two might be excessive,” Sherlock agreed and leant in for another kiss, slower than their others, deeper.  John hummed into his mouth.
Greg was not impressed.
“Yes.  I do have a life outside of you, you know.”  This was not an entire lie but perhaps an exaggeration.  He had seen Mike at some point (probably) and had gone to a house party only to leave early because he found it boring.
It was almost night by the time he landed back in London.
Victor Trevor was going to kill John Watson.
Sherlock nodded and gave a half wave as he took the path to the right, towards home.
“Hey, Sherlock, wait up!”
He paused in the doorway, savouring the familiarity. The way the street looked shrouded in shadows, the distant hum of traffic, the smell of pastry and cigarette smoke which never really left Speedy’s awning. Depending on how this meeting went he could very well be back to experience it all again in a few moments but hopefully it wouldn’t come to that. Mycroft had not explicitly offered him a room but it was implied.  Whatever happened from this moment on, his brother would not allow him to spend any more time on the streets. However the longing for his own bed was strong. It was an odd one considering his disdain for sleeping in general but, he supposed, being on the run changes a person whether they wanted it to or not.
“That was his soul, yes,” Sherlock said, leaning back in his chair and propping his hands under his chin.  John could almost see the pieces of evidence, like Tetris pieces or a Rubik’s cube, moving and shifting, clicking into place.  He wished, not for the first time, that he could see what Sherlock did, see how it all fit together.
“You literally just have.”
John rolled his eyes. “You say that like it’s a goo thing.”
“I’m sorry?”
John would maintain that it wasn’t her fault.  For all intents and purposes, he was supposed to be a bachelor, and the tailor Sherlock has sent him to had made him a
“No, just pegged you as one of the more
“Bored.”
“Elmer?  Elmer the elephant?” John prompted.
“Don’t you dare.”  He had not gone through several elaborate shenanigans, only to be stopped now.  “It’s just-  Well I’ve never-”  John’s eyes lit up with understanding.  Now he was thinking about it, he probably should have mentioned this earlier.
“Allow me a little drama Sherlock.  You always were fond of it.”
Sherlock could see John deliberating.  He could only stand and hope what he said was enough.  He didn’t know what he’d do if it wasn’t.
scandalise Mrs Hudson and instead be subjected to her talk on her ‘wild years’ which Sherlock had sworn to black out of his memory).
was ‘distracting’.
Molly started pacing.  “And your plan is to go to Earth and either rescue John or confront this Moriarty guy?”
He stood, shaking for a few minutes, trying to keep himself propped up against the wall.  His breath was coming in ragged gasps, as if he’d run all the way from Waterloo Bridge, and his legs were shaky underneath him.  His mind was gloriously blank but as his heart stopped thumping in his chest and he didn’t feel like he was going to collapse in a heap anymore, a strain of guilt ran through him.  He was not exactly sure whether it was a good or bad thing to be imagining your date begin to suck you off before you ever actually
“Well there’s always time to start.”  John winked at Sherlock, just because, and grinned.
Ring John.  Perhaps he’d just stepped out for something.  There was no need to panic.  Absolutely no need at all.  Not panicking.
So it wasn’t a Council member.
.  Riotous hair framed a face that was defined by chiselled cheekbones, cutting eyes, and surprisingly soft looking lips.  Not that John was staring.  He was just looking.  He was allowed to look.  He was a Fallen, John needed to be able to identify him properly for the Guard report.  Yeah, that sounded plausible enough.  The Fallen ignore him and was now examining the newly-tagged wall.
“It’s the list.”  He waved it, just in case she hadn’t noticed.  While in his manic phase, Lestrade had come round to explain the situation to her and give her full warning.  Sherlock would have argued with it if he’d been paying attention long enough to care.
“Hush now, I’ve got you.  Don’t you worry about a thing, I’m here.  We’re okay, we’re all okay.”
“- But if the clues fit!  After all, who owns the underground and therefore has the access to let people use it as a portal?  And, look who owns the warehouse.  It takes a few jumps but ultimately, it’s the Council’s.  Therefore, I’d say they know what’s going on and what’s more, they’re
Lestrade’s shoulders relaxed and he placed a steadying hand on Sherlock’s arm.  “Well, you got this weird look on your face, like you’d shut down or something, and then you nearly fell over, so I lowered you down to the floor and now we’re blocking the entry to the offices.”
“What?  It explains how you’re all chipper after both stropping off like operatic divas last night.”
Sherlock returned to glaring at Mycroft.  “I’m assuming John was the matter you were alluding to earlier?”
Sherlock smiled slightly and gambled taking John’s hand.  Gratifyingly, John didn’t pull away, but continued to look at Sherlock forlornly, as if he was going to disappear any moment.  “I don’t want to go back without you,” he said.
John gasped and scrabbled to grab hold of the headboard as Sherlock hummed around his cock, tongue flat against the bottom, rocking his head back and forth.  John was speaking, rambling, expletives and praises jumbled together, cutting out in a strangled yell as Sherlock moved to suck on the head, and opening his eyes to lock onto John’s through his eyelashes.  John was panting, chest heaving, and his arms were trembling slightly were he gripped on, but there was more, something to allow him to let go completely.  Sherlock had noticed the little abortive thrusts he was making, and so took the opportunity to run a hand over John’s chest and move John’s right hand to the back of his head.  Sherlock’s hand that had previously been holding the base of John’s cock, providing a little friction grabbed a hip and pulled John closer, encouraging him to move.
was one.  His hips shifted restlessly and John, perfect John, rested his knee on the bed, providing Sherlock with ample thigh to rub up against while he sorted the button issue.  Sherlock’s hands scrunched into the bed sheets at the pressure.  His shirt was removed and thrown into the corner of the room.  He was about to protest (it was quite a nice shirt) but John interrupted with a kiss.
“Sherlock I was just wondering-”
(“It’s just not logical John.  They don’t make proportional sense.”
“I know.”
, and he was trying not to think about
There was text underneath.
“Ugh, why are we talking about him anyway?”
Already he could tell this day was going to last approximately 94 billion years.
“So yesterday-” he started, while looking at the rust developing on the appliance.  That wasn’t good.  It was inside, how the hell had it rusted
“Carry on Miss Lincoln,” Lestrade said.
“Ow! What?”
“We need the work on the symbols you did.  Places, histories, everything you found and anything else you can find.”
However, John was also the root cause of another, more pressing human concern and it was
Oh yes, Lestrade.  They’d been talking before.  He glanced over to see the angel crouched down next to him, trying to look into his eyes.
“So no one else knows?”
.  He sat down on the edge of the bed, pulling Sherlock down to straddle his lap and kissed him again, tongues intertwining.  He titled his hips slightly and both of them shuddered when their erections touched, Sherlock softly swearing.  Sherlock began unbuttoning his shirt, fingers slipping over the buttons in his haste and John just kept him there, both hands in his hair and hips moving slowly, so so slowly, teasing.
Or maybe this entire friendship was a sham.
In the end, much to the disappointment of many, it wasn’t any of the teams combined efforts which revealed Sherlock’s secret but the man himself.
Of course, later never appeared because they were in a hell-house designed to torture him by being close to John without being able to actually
“Raz,” Sherlock inclined his head.
Shoulder hurts.
expression.  “
Sherlock glanced down at his usual button-down, suit, and coat combo.  “These are my clothes.  This is how I dress.”
, after months of searching and deducing, running and hiding, they had shared a blissful moment of silence.  The room had clearly been cleaned but there was just enough random papers lying about, just enough letters stabbed to the mantelpiece, their chairs tucked closely together, the headphones still lopsided on the bull skull.  It was home.  In that moment, they both sighed in relief.
Whatever it was, when he looked down the far side of the road, and saw a sign pointing towards a tube stop, he sensed...
you call this?” John said, gesturing to Sherlock and the apprehended limb.
“Night,” Sherlock croaked out, swallowing loudly and John took a step back.  Sherlock whirled round and stalked into his room.
By the time he bumped into the fourth person he had decided he would be rude as any person in the real London would be and just ignore it.  They should be looking where they were going.
“Our landlady?”  he repeated.  There was a small part of him that was uncertain Sherlock wouldn’t just jump out the window to avoid the question.
"I'm sure I don't know what you mean."
Sherlock did not find this dilemma as pressing as John did and began biting kisses down the side of his neck.  “Do it later,” he said in a pause, punctuating it with kisses on John’s pulse point.  His knees wobbled and he stretched his neck to let Sherlock have further access because
It couldn’t be defined as “bad” or “good” because that would assume there was a reference point to begin with, some universal concept, out of which to create a sliding scale.  Nothing compared to living with him though.
This was very easy considering he was sulking, under-fed (apart from dessert, he didn’t mind dessert), and very determined.  He slowly started stealing other people’s drinks.  This was easy because as Sherlock knew already, people were idiots.  His logic was simple and flawless.  If he was drunk John would have to look at him and look after him and he would forget about the stupid A&E doctor and would take him upstairs and everything would be fine
“Me.”  A harassed looking Lestrade appeared, scrapping a hand through his hair.
“It’s not much of a story.  When the fall happened I ended up in the Other Place for a while.  Someone noticed the administrative error and I was brought back into the fold.  Nothing they can do about the wings but we can’t have everything now can we?” he said with a wry smile but the words were automatic.  Clearly this was not the first time this had been run through.  To John it seemed clear something still
Shit shit shit shit.
He went through to the bathroom, bushing his teeth aggressively and splashing water on his face.  Then he marched back to the kitchen, determined to act
John’s inner crisis was cut short by Sherlock’s abrupt, “Of course I want you to go.  Well, only if you want to of course,” he quickly added, remembering he was supposed to be acting casual, though he feared he may have broken that pretence.
Sherlock side-eyed John.  “Did you think Raz was his given name?”
He bid Mike goodbye at the fork in the path, one way going to the halls, the other headed towards the Student Union building.  Well
“Sherlock, you have to hand back the arm.  You’ve been looking for the owner all morning,” Stamford cut in, breaking the tension.  John tried not to look surprised but fell dramatically short.  He was trying to help?
“Sherlock!”
"So they got in another way.  Their own ladder?"  Sherlock smiled even wider.
“But I thought that was why you were getting involved, so you could find out for us,” Jake protested.
He wasn’t sure what he’d done wrong.  Normally he could pinpoint it to a particular comment or social interaction but this time he was mystified.  Sherlock Holmes did not like not knowing.  However, before he went banging down John’s door, Victor had cautioned him.
He raised his head up from his slumped position and heaved himself up and out of his thoughts.  Molly hadn’t looked up as she grabbed the next bag and kept going.
Sherlock just nodded and sat, bunched up in the chair, expression like thunder.  Presumably he was attempting to look brooding and angry, but the awkward angels of the chair thwarted his attempt.  John almost thought he looked adorable.  Almost.
century London backstreet, he nearly always had that feeling and was nearly always right.
He’d slunk out of his room an hour later than usual, not quite sure if he hoped Sherlock was in or out.  Seeing him sat at the kitchen table, nudging something on a petri dish with a pipette, took his breath away.  Red silk robe at odds with the threadbare t-shirt and the goggles perched on his head.  His curls were a perfect riot, not smoothed into careful dishevelment but on their own mission to defy gravity.  John’s hands twitched, as if to run through them.  His lips tingled as if begging to press a kiss to his forehead.  He was adorable, wonderful, he was fantastic, and he was so gone it was ridiculous.
John didn’t know what he was going to do when he got there.  He just had to get there.  As ever, Sherlock would lead the way.
Sherlock and Lestrade glared at each other for a minute, Lestrade wanting to remind Sherlock it was
He sighed.  “I know people in higher places,” Sherlock struggled with the phrasing, turning his head away.  With this he began to walk out of the office, “Don’t forget, any small detail could be important.  Use your
Sherlock navigated them through the streets, saying he knew a shortcut.  He stopped them at a questionable four-way interchange of streets, vanished, then reappeared with coffee.  He held one out to John and he took it.  He hadn’t realised how cold his hands felt without the usual temperature of a warm beverage to clasp and he wrapped his fingers around the cup like it was an exothermic glove.  It was a peace offering, like the invitation to the investigation, and John accepted it, albeit warily.
He was right, Sherlock thought, he didn’t know if he could entirely believe him right now, but he wanted to, oh how he wanted to, and for now that was enough.  “If I had known you were trapped at my brother’s house I would have found a way to get to you sooner.”
“Slowly,” John ordered but Sherlock waved at him dismissively.  He then looked at his palm in surprise.  There was a gash, where he had landed on a piece of the metal strewn across the floor that he had identified not fifteen minutes earlier.
“No, it’s fine.  Nice to know you care,” John said with a half-laugh.  “It’s just...difficult to explain.”  He brought his hand up to scratch the back of his neck and Sherlock tried not to smile at the “John-like” gesture.  He was unsure when he started to categorise things as “John-like” but now was probably not the time to start questioning it.  John started to explain in starts and stops, hands fiddling with his camera.  “You know how I said I wanted to be a doctor when I was little?” Sherlock nodded.  “Well I actually tried.  Applied, got in to a med course, things all looked to be going to plan.  And then...things just didn’t work out and I felt... bad.  Really bad.  Have to drop out to survive kind of bad.  I’m doing better now but sometimes life...well you know, life is just a lot isn’t it?”
Case.  This was just a normal case.  Missing persons.  He coughed and straightened his back.  “Subject left the scene at 9:47.  Following the footage, he gets...three streets away, before cutting through this alley.”
John turned to Molly and nodded.  “Thanks,” he said because one of them needed to be polite.
“Something wrong?” Sherlock said, voice carefully neutral.
“You are.”
A deal seemed to be have been silently struck that they would not get completely rat-arsed this time and stick to the job in hand.  Rogue Fallen’s on killing sprees and all that.  Probably best to have their wits about them.  Probably not good to get drunk and snog your flatmate while society-threatening chaos descended around you.  Sherlock had even deigned to wear a looser shirt and John was wearing the jeans he’d had on all day, rather than changing into the tighter pair he was wearing yesterday.  They ordered drinks at the bar but Sherlock didn’t touch his own and John was sipping his so slowly he might as well have asked for a tap water for the effect it would have on him.
Sherlock sighed again, the most put upon being in existence.  “Room.  Dark.  Damp.  Wires.  Bits of…stuff on floor. Metally- metal stuff.”
,” Sherlock sighed.  His brother probably had cameras set up too so they’d have video evidence.
John scoffed.  “You’re not one now.  Not even close.  But you care about other beings, deep, deep down.  That counts for something.”
“I’m not saying anything without my lawyer present,” Dimitri said, primly.
Sherlock would never admit it but it was slightly more difficult than usual to walk the 20 minutes home.  It wasn’t his fault.  It was the pavement’s fault.  It kept moving.  So did the stairs.  So did the lock on the door. Also the other stairs.  The world was off today.
The man in question was almost impressed.  “Jack I assume?”  Of course the police managed to mess up arresting a suspect.  This is why they should have consulted him.
“No cheating,” Sherlock said as he backed up to the edge of the alley.
However, none of this mattered because the street was lacking one, very important thing.
Sherlock considered for a moment before adding, “A proper detective would just fly over.”
It was the creak of floorboards above him that inspired movement.
rattled around his mind.  It suited him.
John was about to argue back when a voice called from behind him.
“Excellent.  My room’s closest,” he said, scooping up their stuff with one hand and grabbing John’s hand with the other.  John simply laughed and allowed himself to be led to what was promising to be a
“John, think logically for a minute.  Are you seriously suggesting that our
, as if he cared enough to make things, and why were they bothering him, couldn’t they see he was Very Busy?  This was all undermined by Molly finding what appeared to be half of Hobbycraft stuffed in the back of his wardrobe when
He wasn’t sure how Sherlock managed to cross the room that fast.  It shouldn’t have been humanely possible but a lot of things shouldn’t have been possible about Sherlock Holmes so he didn’t question it.  One moment there was a space and the next there was 6 foot of angry, glowering, towering consulting detective there, looking as if he would happily push the woman out a window.
Cool.  Calm.  Confident.  He was still in control.  A figure appeared in the door.
His body made the decision for him.  He kissed him.  John's lips were soft and slightly chapped and he made a small gasp when Sherlock's lips touched his. They were still for a moment, each giving the other an out, which was ridiculous given the conversation they had just had.  John took Sherlock's hands and placed them on his waist and Sherlock automatically started to stroke his thumb over John's hip bone, despite the layers in his way.  Slowly, John reached up to caress his neck, curving his hands around and sweeping through the curls that rested there.  Sherlock tilted his head, trying to avoid their noses colliding and John made his mouth fall open at the slight flicker of tongue along his bottom lip and it was perfect, just perfect.
He knew they knew each other.  Why was this freaking him out?  Hypothetical friendship was fine.  Evidence of such was upsetting.
“You shouldn’t-It wasn’t-” John sighed.  “I didn’t want you to see it just yet.  Not until I knew how to tell you.”
“Sherlock, who decided to be there?  Who chose to follow you into that danger?  I did.  I chose that because it was a million times more interesting to me to spend time with you than it was to be safe and normal and quiet.  I get to decide what I do and where I go and I chose you.  Every time.”
“Maybe it’s because you look like the backdrops going to bite you.  I promise it’s not a trap.”
A few hours later, he was leaning near the bookcase watching Johnson and Bill make absolute asses of themselves trying to flirt, when Sherlock appeared in front of him.  His cheeks were flushed a little and he had a small genuine smile on his face.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Don’t turn people into heroes John, they’ll only disappoint you.”
“How do you
He sat.  Slumped forward.  Hands running up into his hair.
“Mallory?”
Err, this got deleted and I've only just noticed. It's only a few lines but if you wanted to read the original ending :3
“Oh, just shut up.  Anyway, I’ve got to go,” John grumbled, looking at his phone.  No message from Sherlock.  That was fine.  He didn’t expect one anyway.  It was all fine.  Great even.  Just great.
Seeing him again reminded John of how angry he still was, how much he had stored and fermented overnight, increasing the strength of the emotion like ageing wine.  It was richer and deeper and had a flavour all of its own.  He wanted Sherlock to know his anger, to feel it, to understand that he had a right to this feeling.
“It’s linked.  This and the symbols,” John said, showing Lestrade the photo.
“Whenever it became relevant,” Sherlock said with a shrug.
Sherlock had been right when he said he couldn’t live in the bedsit forever, even if it did mean moving in with a madman.
“Because you’re that good?”  Sherlock replied with a slight nod and a wry smile.  Arrogant as well.
murder.”
They were in a living room.  The floor plan was similar to their own, a living room connecting to a kitchen, stairs, fireplace.  However, the décor was more modern, very minimalist with a lot of clear lines and a base neutral colour palate to accentuate the bold colours of the blue sofa and various artworks on the walls.  It wasn’t to John’s own tastes, preferring the cluttered cosiness of their own flat.  That being said, differing interior design tastes did not give you permission to let yourself into their flat and nosy about.
“Molly help.”
Molly nodded to the open cupboard which John suspected was meant to be locked.  He shifted vials and brought it carefully to the end of the bench.  Both Molly and Sherlock seemed intrigued.  Trying not to feel too much like a magician or science teacher, John tipped a dose into an empty beaker and used the tweezers to extract another small chuck of F.A.  He dropped it in and swilled it round for lack of a stirrer.  The mixture gradually changed gradient, from clear to a glowing blue.
“Johnnnn?”
Sherlock turned to look at him and John suddenly forgot all the words in the English language.  “Hey Sherlock, I’m sorry I ran into you this morning,” John said with a small wave.  He didn’t know why he waved.  No one did.  Everyone ignored it.
As much as John hated “casual”, he hated silence more.  They were two predators sizing each other up and the only thing protecting Sherlock from his own recklessness was John.  John, who could do nothing but sit there and wait it out while the ball was in that bastard’s court.  A bastard who was looking decidedly unimpressed.
“The crime scene?”
“Look, we’re dealing with a security breach on an unprecedented scale.  Until we have a list of all the Fallen currently in Council limits, and their new identities, there’s nothing else we can do.”
“John,” Sherlock said through the door.  John sighed.
This kiss was dangerous.
Instead he sat by the computer and sighed so Sherlock knew he was annoyed.  “What do you need me to do?”
Sherlock merely grinned, as Lestrade reached for his phone and dialled.
lucky I’ll let you help me out of it when I sneak into your hotel room.”  As Sherlock paused, John knew he had already won.  Storm grey eyes glanced up, and John gave his best innocent look.
What was clear was that Lestrade appeared about six seconds after Sherlock faced Raz.
Sherlock loved data. It was the one fuel John knew he could use to instigate action in him, even if it resorted to him yelling about people passing by the streets below their humble flat, scouring the newspaper for strange stories, or allowing there to be nine varieties of body part in the fridge.
When he got to the door, Mrs Hudson ushered him upstairs, gave him his key, showed him the basics and made tea while he moved things up several flights of stairs which was greatly appreciated.  Thankfully things had been marshaled into a more contained chaos and where he couldn’t find a space for things, he ditched the box to be sorted out later.  Throughout all this, there was no sign of the Fallen and John pretended he wasn’t disappointed by this.
Well fine.
“You need to stop filling your head with such ideas.  Although it would explain the speed of the bar staff.”
“Louder.”
.  Something that could not be ignored and pushed to the side.
“This is great, wonderful but the dog is staring at us and it’s kind of freaking me out.”
“Fine.  To protect your sensibilities, I will vacate the sofa.  And my painting is…adequate.”
“John,” he said, his voice strangely modified by the fact his head had dropped forward and his chin was now digging into his throat.
“You can’t go to the Council on your own,” Lestrade said stubbornly.
seen another sign.  But the Fallen had also been there and John didn’t want to get him into trouble.  Normally, if he was being practical, he would assume that the Fallen had something to do with the crimes.  It was the logical explanation and as a Guard, John really should have brought the guy in for questioning or at least investigated him further. Such as, for example, mentioning his existence to someone.  His boss perhaps.  His boss who was currently asking if he’d seen any more signs and was desperately, if secretly, looking for any leads.  But.
Sherlock ignored Molly scoffing behind them and her muttered “Yeah, it ain’t shock my friend,” and managed to nod and say “I’m fine, really,” in about as normal a voice as he could manage.  John smiled but before Sherlock could say anything else they were shepherded out of the room and up to waiting unmarked police cars.  He couldn’t be too mad however as John kept a hand on his arm, probably out of concern he would swoon at any moment like an 18
It was John's turn to look embarrassed.  "I didn’t want to scare you off.  And I didn't think you'd be interested," he added.
He didn’t know what had come over him.
“I might not come back,” he said fidgeting.
Victor pretended to look shocked.  “Does this mean what I think it means?  Might we finally get to meet the illusive, enigmatic John?  The John we’ve heard of so much about but have never seen?  We were beginning to think he was a myth you know,” he nudged Sherlock playfully in the shoulder.  Of course you can bring him.  I’m surprised I haven’t already met him to be honest, the amount you talk about him.”   Sherlock felt himself blush.  He didn’t think he talked about John
Here Sherlock would be surrounded by people he knew and, despite his protests, some he actually liked.  What if they didn't get a chance to talk? What if they did get a chance to talk? What if he already had a boyfriend?  What if he had to stand there and watch Sherlock dancing with his boyfriend and flirting with his boyfriend and kissing his stupid boyfriend who was bound to be gorgeous and smart and who he already hated?
He finished up his current experiment, carefully ensured none of the mess on the table was likely to either be uncontrollably toxic or explode (
“Oooh.  He’s feisty,” Moriarty said with something close to approval.  “Maybe I can see the appeal after all,” he said to Sherlock.  “Even if he is a distraction.”
“You ready?”
“Me.  He wanted my attention.  But why do any of this?  Why not just come and find me?”
loud.”
“Yes.”
Mesmerised, John tried the hardest he ever had to simply
“Well not just about you but you do come up a lot.”
is interesting.  Who?”
“Can’t say.”  His mouth twisted.  He did hate not knowing.
Moriarty smirked.  “Oh honey, it’s going to be glorious.  I do a love a stop of chaos,” he said, as if sharing a naughty secret.
Even on foot it didn’t take them long to get to St Barts.  The basement floor was busier than earlier.  There were a few other professionals gathered in the break-room and some of the classrooms were in use.  They must have been quite the sight, with several people moving out of their way swiftly and staring.  Molly had taken over a desk in one of the classrooms, and was carefully guarding it, glaring at people who came too close.
“Well you can thank me for saving all of your fancy bits later, when we return to a safe, un-burgled flat.”
"What are what Sherlock?" John felt a headache starting in the middle of his forehead. It was too early for this.
“Mrs Hudson’s in.”
“Well I did try but it seems like your stupid face is burned into my memory so I thought I might as well keep up appearances and ring,” John shot back, instantly settling back into their conversational pattern.
They looked like kids, teenagers at most, but that didn’t count for much in the afterlife; you could look like you were 16 but had been in existence for 412 years and had the attitude (and paperwork) to prove it.  Something about being dead gave people the irritating and hypocritical combination of being arrogant and reckless half the time, and pious and judgemental the other half.  It was probably something to do with the whole ‘It’s another chance’ thing but instead of making everyone better people, it was a fifty-fifty split on “I’m going to be a better person” and “Cool, no consequences, let’s see what lighter fluid tastes like”.
"And now I am dating one of them, so clearly it worked out for me as well," Mike grinned.  Him and bloody Cathy.  He should just go and talk to her instead of chatting to Sherlock like they were old friends.
It was the best damn report John had written for a long time.  His new boyfriend wasn’t too bad either.
, John started, adrenaline flooded his body, and his hands tingled with powers that could heal and hurt.  So, when Sherlock burst through the doors with a shout of “John?” it was both fortunate that John was prepared to answer the call, and unusual in the sense he needed to respond.  In fact, the abrupt change in routine made John even more agitated as he sprang up from his chair and whirled round to face him.
Sherlock was glad Lestrade didn’t ask for more explanation.  He was very protective of his network.  It was a sprawling contingent of people interconnected across the Above, the first to pick up on the slightest inconsistency or scent of trouble.  He had spent years building it, weaving the strings together to create an instrument that was perfectly in tune with its environment
“Don’t touch anything,” John said, wishing he wasn’t still tied up.  He was unsure where the energy burst had come from, but whatever it was, he was now knackered and feared he was unable to perform even unangelic-magic.  He pushed against his restraints.  Still tight as ever.
“You’re not funny Watson!” Lestrade called after him.
“Before I got here.  I’m surprised the paper didn’t catch fire.”
John knew it was a long shot but gambled.  “Could be a coincidence.”
"Oh, is this that case you were working on?  I thought you already solved it."
He twisted back on top, knees bracketing Sherlock’s hips, rested on his elbows so his face was centimetres away from Sherlock’s and whispered onto his lips “Tell me more.”
It started with a choice to keep their relationship private.  Super private.  Not even Mrs Hudson had gained the privilege of knowing the change in their relationship (because then Mrs Turner would know, and then
"And we've never seen you because?"
This made John worry all Sherlock’s friends would look as vampiric as the man himself
Sherlock turned the tablet to him.  “Recognise him?”
“I’ve just realised that I’ve never seen his legs before.”
Unfortunately, the universe had not finished punishing him for his laziness and he ran smack into someone.  But not just
“Sherlock Holmes stops for no man,” he said with a little smile as his plan began to work, curiosity filling the gaps. “Not even his own father.”
A bark made them spring apart.  Sherlock hadn't realised they were stood so close together.  Gladstone was stood on the sofa, paws up on the arm, looking at them expectantly, looking between them and where his lead was still hanging up.
“It’s distinctive.”  Sherlock crossed his arms and lifted his head haughtily in the air.
“You want me,” he stated, as if hearing it in his own voice would make it more real.
“Hello,” he tried.
“What?” John frowned as he tried to keep up with Sherlock’s racing thoughts.  To his credit, he was doing fairly well so far.
“I have to take it back if it is the arm we’re looking for,” John sighed.  “Because I work for the Guard now.  It isn’t weird,” he explained for Stamford’s benefit.
, moved out of Mycroft’s house, Sherlock was absolutely beside himself with delight and thought all issues had been resolved, or would soon be resolved at any road).
“I know.”
Sherlock nodded.  “Almost certainly.”
“Of course I do John, stop worrying,” Sherlock dismissed him with a wave while hitting the button for the 34
“You’re ridiculous,” Sherlock muttered. He disappeared around John’s back.  Careful touches moved John’s wrists and for a while Sherlock cradled a hand in his.  John kept a careful eye on their captors, uncertain how long they’d be unconscious for.
"Sure, that'd be great.  Get funny looks when I talk to the dogs anyway."  Sherlock thought of the skull and smiled.
“John.”
And with that parting shot, he was gone, a shadow blending into the night.
“Consulting Detective.  Only one in the world” Sherlock said, pulling himself away from Angelo to be at his full height.  If there was one thing he was proud of it was his career.  He’d fought hard for it and it was his alone.
“Do give yourself credit Mycroft.  I’m sure your spies have been very thorough.”
Sherlock coughed and spluttered, before rasping, “He’s gone.  Raz’s gone.”
“What do you want?”
“What’s your secondary gender?”
He had dismissed John from being a suspect, which meant
“Fine,” he snapped.  John frowned slightly.  Shit.  He shook his head and ruffled his hair.  “Fine, just thinking through something.”
However, when John tilted their heads and slipped his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, he couldn’t really help it.  Before he could catch up and/ or cause a scene in the university quad, John pulled his head back.
“Good morning John.”  Casual.  Keep it casual.
The offense became real.  “What people?”
“Yes,” and there it was again, that nervousness from when he’d opened the door. “That’s why I’m here.”
“Cab driver,” Sherlock said and like the symbol, something clicked into place.
Sherlock’s lips twisted downwards.  “I’m not worried about myself.”
Sherlock abruptly changed track again.  “Owing people something doesn’t mean you love them.”
John's heart plummeted from its previous light-hearted mood. So he had read it wrong, of course, it was probably for an experiment, or for a case or something.  Nothing serious.  Nothing meaningful.
“I was just waiting for the barkeeper I promise.”
“Leave me alone and I might not.”
.  Mycroft had always encouraged interactions with others he deemed ‘suitable’ for Sherlock to be friends with; usually the children of government officials or bank managers, people who would have influence in due course.  The entire idea appeared to be centred on making business contacts rather than true friends.
It couldn’t be.  Could it?  They were friends…
“There was an unfortunate incident with an angry club owner.  Now we’re in an industrial estate in the middle of nowhere and no way to get home and three idiots knocked out in the basement.”
“He found you,” Sherlock said, breaking the long pause.  John just nodded.  This interaction seemed to satisfy Sherlock however as he strode forward.  Victor took this as his cue to give the two some privacy and sneaked behind a group of bushes, just so he could keep an eye on proceedings, without intruding.
“Okay, are you sure? I mean-”
“Anyone want to fill me in?” John huffed.
"She said it was ridiculous that we were here at the same time and never spoke.  She seems to think I need to make
“They better not be stealing you away from my classes too often,” John teased.  Molly had known about John and had not told him about him?  What was wrong with her?  And she called herself a friend.
“Because you look as if you’re about to vomit?”  Sherlock glared at Molly who shrugged.  “You do.”
“-in the afterlife I mean.  A murder in the afterlife?” John continued, defensively.
Case or no case, he did not need to spend
John did smile then, a small, sad thing but still a smile.  “But your work.”
John couldn’t tell where Sherlock’s mind was racing to and attempted to catch up.  “So how, after having his soul ripped apart, does he end up driving a cab not an hour later?”
John knew logically he should be feeling a certain amount of fear at this point, but overriding that was mild curiosity and a need to repress the urge to sigh.  How the hell had a Fallen managed to get back into Council limits?  And what was he supposed to do with him now he was here?
Not for the first time, he took her advice.
It was about 6 weeks into his new project that it happened.  He was thinking about branching out, seeing if GCG was there at any other times of the week, and so was not fully concentrating as he walked into the café.  This was also slightly on purpose so he didn't look too desperate.  Today the barista had a small smirk on her face. This was new.  It was kind of scary actually.
However, Sherlock was finding that need did not necessarily translated into
“They’ve already seen us.”
“John?”
"So she's not a friend?"
Hope you enjoy and as ever comments and questions are highly appreciated!
He stayed where he was in John’s lap, surprisingly comfortable and before he knew it, his eyelids grew heavier, his breathing levelled out and he was asleep.
“You like the challenge of it,” John said with a fond smile, as if something had clicked into place.  Sherlock was about to ask but John had winced when moving away and aborted an attempt to lean his cheek on his hand.
His view was of a chest, broad and toned.  An arm was resting close to Sherlock, lying across the persons stomach.  There was a slice of shoulder, spidery with scarring and a hint of tattoo on the arm.  John.  Sherlock hummed in pleasure, stretching his legs and body a little before settling back down.  He could get used to this and couldn’t imagine moving ever again.  This was obviously when his brain decided to come back online and ruin everything.
Sherlock
Century London was heavy with the anticipation of the coming rain, stuck in the moment before the drops start to fall.  The clouds were sinking, hovering, almost waiting.  His route was even more onerous than usual, the familiar streets not even registering in his vision, past versions of the walk flickering in his mind and overlapping.  It wasn’t different from any of those times before, it never was, and it never would be.  The words from yesterday had sunk into his mind.  He hesitated outside his usual coffee haunt, heading there on automatic before halting, stuck in the doorway to the chagrin of the man behind him.  He turned away and marched down the street, his hands shoved deep in his pockets.  His hands bumped up against his silent phone, the only people who had the number clearly busy with more important things.
He wouldn’t mention anything.  Best they work these things out for themselves.
“We should go,” Sherlock said quietly, like he was out of breath.  They were still stood so close that he could hear him easily.
“Hmmm.”
John’s voice had come from down the hall, from Sherlock’s room. Why he’d moved in there from the neutral zone of the sitting room was a mystery.
John tried not to swear.  “When are we going?” he asked tightly.  He wanted to do some errands today, the toaster giving him some direction of purpose.  This desire to procrastinate increased at the prospect of another night like the previous.
“Why not?” Sherlock pushed.
The figure who was the Fallen.
Oh god, he
He was professionally dressed, a black Armani- no Westwood suit, polished shoes, and a ties with a pattern that looked disconcertingly like eyes.  His hair was carefully slicked back and a charming smile flickered on his lips.  He stood for a moment, his hands in his pockets, letting Sherlock examine him.  There was something troubling about him, an untamed energy sparking in his eyes, the relaxed manner in which he held John hostage.  The viper in the grass, the spider in the centre of the web, the person they’d been searching for.  And Sherlock was terrified to realised he knew him.
“Not likely,” Sally said under her breath, slowly backing up to let them past.
So, he sort of
“Don’t get into any trouble now,” she warned, pointing a finger at him.
“Explain.”
skin on show and oh god he was still so late what was he doing!  Definitely not the time to be checking out his neighbour,
car with
After the second time, this time in Sherlock’s bed due to a) the state of John’s and b) its closer proximity to the kitchen, both of them lay snuggled together, much like the way they’d stated the morning.  John was just about to let sleep drag him under, eyes shut, lulled by Sherlock’s slowly steadying breaths and the feel of Sherlock’s hair threaded through his fingers, when Sherlock spoke.
Whatever he saw seemed to please him.
Mycroft had made good on his promise to help (even when his brother was less than polite about it) and had ensured they had a flat and legal documents and various other bits and pieces which would mean they could get on with life without being questioned on their miraculous appearance in the land of the living.  It turned out there was not an easy way to explain that there was an afterlife, and even harder to explain that you did the equivalent of accidently locking yourself out of it.  Mycroft had even provided Sherlock a contact within New Scotland Yard, although D.I. Dimmock was as about as happy working with Sherlock as Sherlock was working with him.  But Sherlock hadn’t been arrested yet and Dimmock remained un-murdered so all was well for the time being.
“You have a question.”  Damn mind-reader. “You’ve been staring at your cup for a minute now and attempted to talk three times.  Ask.”
“I am so, so sorry.  I- I have to go, sorry,” he stammered out and then fled before the other man could say anything.
it, and they locked eyes.  The spark from before, when John had wanted to kiss him was now back in full force, humming between them like a life line.  The press of John’s leg against him was both grounding and electrifying.  He was forcibly stopping himself from touching his lips where they were still tingling from the kiss, forcibly stopping himself from crawling over John, entwining them until every inch was pressed against each other and he could feel John under him with every movement.
Of course, he also locked the door, so John could not follow.  Or so Lestrade couldn’t get in.  It was not clear which he intended.
“There is only one Healer I wish to see and I don’t even know if he still exists so if you don’t mind I actually brought you here for a reason.”
“For you to stop your designs on the community centre for a start.  If you try anything like this again, anywhere, and I will find out, I’m more than willing to offer the same ultimatum.”
Both Donovan and the other sergeants looked surprised at Molly’s comments but Greg sighed.  “Yeah, you’re probably right.  Come on then, everyone to the police station, we’ll need your statements.”
They had good intentions.  They really did.  But sometimes good intentions led to bad decisions.  Like trying to keep their relationship a tightly controlled secret instead of simply doing whatever the hell they wanted and letting everyone else deal with it.
Sherlock shook his head gently.  “You?”
He pouted.  “No.”
"You know when we met, when I was sat at your table?" Sherlock was muffled as he talked into John's shoulder.  John nodded.  "Irene technically did send me but not just because she wanted me to make friends."
It wasn’t like he had the best morning either.  Insomnia was a reoccurring problem since the war, something he’d been told was because of the change in surroundings but which he personally believed ran deeper.  He’d been home for going on a year now and still what little sleep he snatched was plagued with awful visions and a longing that had him in frustrated tears.  It was surprising then that he slept through his alarm and was only woken by a neighbour bashing on the thin adjoining walls telling him, in no uncertain terms, exactly what he would do if John did not switch it off.  Showering and dressing were a rushed job and he sprinted to work.  This turned out not to be worth it as, for the 214
Sherlock looked disapproving.  “Clearly.”
“But he’s your brother.”
“You first,” Sherlock said because he needed to hear what John had to say and adjust accordingly.
“There was a slight infestation of Fallen to deal with Mycroft.  I’m sure someone of your standing has more than one way of relaying a message.”
John started forward, quickly breaching the distance and Sherlock braced himself for the punch that would surely follow. It was to be expected really. It was only fair.
“Yeah.  He’ll be able to set up meetings and a warrant.”
To prove he was
Together they just about managed to push John’s coat off and John chucked it behind him.  Sherlock was clinging onto his shoulders but, just like in his dream that morning, John was
“I do things.”
“I know,” Sherlock replied, his voice still soft.  “And I’m glad you want to stay.  I just, know it hurts, sometimes.”  He almost stammered the last bit, unusually unsure.
“I was invited,” Sherlock bristled.  John was fairly certain it was because he was relegated to ’the friend’ rather than the accusatory tone and tried not to be offended by this.
“And yet you left evidence all around the flat.”
“Nope.  Not like you.”
The sensation rolled over him, until it was all he could feel, except the noise of John following him over the edge and at some point in the future when he could feel his limbs he was going to relive that noise over and over again until it was embedded into his mind, a part of him forever.
John Watson was running late.
“It’s going to be fine.”
Molly didn’t reply immediately, apparently stunned.  Then with an obvious fond smile in her voice she said “You’re welcome Sherlock.  Now go!”
.  Anyway John likes you.”
“Can’t really be spying if I know it’s happening.  More fun to mess with him when it’s happening.”
It wasn't that John had meant to keep it a secret.  It was simply that no one had asked and so he hadn't said anything.  If someone asked, well then of course he would
So this was also partially John’s fault.  He was the one that insisted on going for tea so “my damn fingers don’t freeze off.  Hate the bloody cold.”
“A favour Sherlock,” Molly said, swiveling to fully face him.  “You need a favour.  Generally people are quite nice to people they require favours from.”
“As in going-out-with-in-the-romantic-sense boyfriend?”
“F.A.”
Well,
In this chapter we see a conflicted John, inappropriate giggling, figure out what the hell a consulting detective is, and there's a warning down the line...
- they had made the mutual decision that they shouldn’t rush anything.  They had waited almost 6 years for this to happen, a few weeks or months were nothing in comparison.
Lestrade shot him a look.  “Since when?  All I ever got was football scores and the weather.  Not even that since Hells’ Angel over there turned up.”
But he swore, if anything more advanced happened, they were both walking home.
Something was shaking his shoulder.  Correction,
“You’re one of the good idiots.  Wouldn’t keep you around otherwise.”
Sherlock bounded up to the reception desk, bouncing on his heels were he stood.
“Could you roll it back over here please?” he asked and she nervously placed it next to her on the floor and pushed it over.
,” John said, finally,
“Never too busy for true love.”  He was going to argue with her but then remembered the vial in his pocket.  “Plus, we owe you.  Consider our debt repaid.”  Her voice echoed up the high ceilings.  The cellar was as grand as the rest of the house but empty apart from Lestrade and a portal.
“Go on then,” John smiled, picking the pan out of the cupboard.
“Hello, the number you’ve rung is not available at this moment.  Please leave a message after the tone.”  Sherlock tried this 5 times until he gave up.
“Did you steal that from someone?” John had never said his strengths laid in interrogation.  Straight to the point seemed to work as an alternative.
.  So I’m taking matters into my own hands.”
As he had previously found, it was difficult to miss the black wings.
Oh this was going to be fun.
Molly stopped pacing and came to stand next to him.  “So, what next?”
“Alright.  But you’re not speaking to him.”
“Maybe you just don’t understand my art,” John would sigh dramatically, before shooting over a teasing grin as Sherlock laughed.)
being alone all the time.  So they tried their best and did alright.  Which is how both of them ended up considering a crime scene a bonding activity.
“Well boss is a strong word-“
Greg recovered first.  “Err, everyone freeze?  Um, Donovan get the suspect and um.  Right I’m going to have to ask.  Sherlock, are you wearing shorts?”
“It’s a good exercise class and I am working,” he said, attempting to sound detached.
Bastard.
“I can hear you,” Sherlock tried to snap but it came out as a whisper.  He sluggishly pushed Lestrade’s hands off his face.  The Guard’s eyes snapped to his face.
“Sherlock Holmes, if you don’t answer your damn phone I will throw this pan at you.”  He tilted his head slightly to look into the kitchen to find Mrs Hudson was indeed wielding a pan in one hand while the other rested on her hip.
“Not intentionally.  He kept on arresting the hidden Fallen’s.
With that, he jumped out the window, swooping to the pavement below.
He'd run in after early morning practice. Normally he didn't splash out on coffee (there was coffee in his house, why would he buy an overpriced one) and especially not a fancy place like this one.  But it was Friday and he'd had an exam that week and an early morning practice and so he was going to treat himself to an expensive ridiculous coffee and
that it was urgent and John was not above using a loophole from time to time.
“I don’t-“
Sherlock paused, momentarily side-tracked.  “What was
“Didn’t say I was nice.”
them, that he barely heard the barista calling his name.  The girl smirked at him as she handed over his coffee, clearly knowing exactly what he was thinking.  He blushed and scarpered to a table.
“Look, so far, these have only popped up where crimes have already happened right?  They keep close enough to the tube lines for an easy escape route, part of your network thing yeah?  So maybe we should head back and check what’s been happening round here today.”
Raz sighed.  “Look will you just let me talk?  I can say certain things and I can’t say others otherwise, I ain;t going to exist for much longer.  Got it?”
“What new things?”
A moment, such as this.
Century Florence but I didn’t know if that was just a rumour.”
Back in the car was much less comfortable but he still had Sherlock’s presence which would have to do.  He tensed at first, when an arm slid up around his back, in front of his wings and onto his shoulder, until the hand started kneading in a motion similar to his own.  Sherlock was not looking at John and John did not dare look at Sherlock.  It was fine.  Sherlock was just helping.  He wasn’t even sure if Sherlock was aware of it, or if it had just been an unconscious volunteering.  Anyway, there wasn’t really room for him to cross his own arm over to massage his shoulder and it did help with the pain a bit, so really this was a medical procedure, if you think about it.
“See can’t tell you that now can I?  Would ruin the surprise.”
“Because,” Lestrade said, shoving his hands in his pockets and producing a plastic evidence bag.  “I have a bit of the F.A. and we’re going to find out who it belongs to.”
“Good.  It would be boring otherwise.”  Sherlock’s reluctance to let him go too seemed to have broken the spell of awkward via annoyance.  Despite the fact that six minutes ago he would have loved to avoid another close encounter by choice, he wasn’t going to be forced out by Sherlock’s new-found conscience.  If he was going to regret going to a club with Sherlock, it would be his own regret he would earn.
"Well that worked out better than expected," Sherlock murmured into his skin and John laughed.
John had grown gradually more concerned with his distracted friend and kept on asking if he was okay but it was becoming less and less easy to not yell “Why are you keeping secrets from me?”  That would be ridiculous and Sherlock was anything but ridiculous.
“You know how to group chat?”  Sherlock swung to sit up and glare.
“And on that insult I have to go.  Take care John and don’t forget to call us more.  We want to hear all about your fancy London life.”
annoying when you’re trying to plan a take-over.  So I sent him to you to keep him out the way.  You do have a ridiculous penchant for the hopeless cases.  But he’s run his purpose now.”
“How did he even-?”
Sherlock stared at John’s folded arms.  “It’s dangerous,” he said with a near pout.
For example, when Lestrade opened with, “So
John wanted to protest that no, Sherlock shush, but he simply sighed, kept quiet, and tried to concentrate on their quarry.  Sherlock slowed as they arrived at the turning.  John knew the instinct well.  If the target had clocked their appearance, then he could well be stood behind the corner waiting to jump them, but luckily, he had yet to notice.  John suddenly wished for the secrecy of Sherlock’s black wings which blurred into the darkness.  The white of his own reflected against the murky streetlights and were practically a neon sign saying “HEY.  YOU’RE BEING FOLLOWED.”  He tucked them closer to his body and hunched in his jacket.
Talking was overrated anyway.
“John.”  Better.
was all the excuse he needed.  They agreed he’d text about when he’d move in (he was fairly certain his landlord wouldn’t mind that he was going but he didn’t want to seem over eager) and he went out onto the street.  As he looked back, Sherlock was still sat, eyes trained across the road, but at what John couldn’t see.
“What
What they didn’t know was that the ‘fall-silent-upon-someone-loitering’ was planned to piss people off and the two people they were trying to listen to could be right little shits when they wanted to be.
John and Moriarty were gone.
John couldn’t hold back a small smile.
Sherlock went back to pouting.  “I can do whatever I want.  Including sulking.”
Sherlock glared at his feet for a second, arms crossed against his chest.  “I still feel ill.”
Sherlock looked faux-offended.  “You wound me John.”
There was no sign of any of the staff.  Unfortunately there was no sign of Sherlock either.
“Yes,” he snapped and Lestrade flinched.
“Well at least you’ll prove to be an interesting study when you’re dead.  May I be the first to call dibs?” Sherlock mused.
John thought about it.  “No.  Just to stay away and to take Broadgate on the way home.”
Stubbornly, he looked back at the sunlight, attempting to hunch further inwards.
The words took a moment to sink in.  John wanted to date him.  John had been flirting with him.  Flirting with him for weeks in fact.  He looked up and saw amusement and shyness and determination and affection.
“My god you’re both so cute.  Stupid but cute,” Molly sighed.  Sherlock thought about defending himself but then imagined that this would once again derail the conversation.  He settled on instead asking the question that had been haunting him since John had asked him to dinner.
"Well I know a good coffee place."
It couldn’t be.  It just couldn’t and yet it couldn’t be anyone else.
“Give me a break Greg, I’ve just woken up.”
“I’m fine!” he shouted.  Lestrade scowled at him and Sherlock waited for him to fight back.  Instead, he was pulled towards the exit.  Sherlock was tempted to refuse to fly up to the platform but he couldn’t be sure Lestrade wouldn’t enlist Mallory to haul him up and he would rather avoid the indignity.
“And that’s not an answer to my question.”
“Hello Watson,
Lestrade looked ready to argue the point.  However Sherlock, annoyed at the interruption to the victorious unveiling of aforementioned theory, sighed loudly.  “Please
“Yes, you and Victor, and don’t you bloody lie to me Sherlock Holmes, otherwise I swear I will,” John couldn’t finish his sentence before frustration got the better of him.
to go.  Because of all the mystery stuff.  Not because of the wink though.  Definitely not because of that.
Unlock door.  Slam it- no.  Mrs H.
Carefully, Lestrade said “I can’t let you speak to him.”  He stopped, the intent clear.
However, Mrs Hudson had given him his marching orders.  It was time to say goodbye.
“Alright Mary Poppins,” he muttered as he put down his coffee and put on the gloves.
"I know the feeling."
“Victor, I need your help.”
“I know what you’re doing.”
He fell asleep feeling warm, and safe, and loved, against the person who he loved most in the world.
“Just ask.  I can always not answer.”
“Villain surely Lestrade.  When the note appeared on the wall in the building across from our flat, the words evaporated.  I thought it was just a timer but perhaps-”
“It was.”
“Sherlock.  You okay?  Because I need you to be okay so we can sort this.”
He went up to get changed and then sneaked a last look at Sherlock before he went out the door.  He allowed himself to think he looked sweet: hair ruffled, swaddled in his blue dressing gown and pyjamas, limbs askew, frowning at his phone.
“Thought of me when?” John asked distractedly, as most of his attention was on alternating between kissing and biting his way up and down Sherlock’s neck.
Mallory nodded.  “Okay.  I’ll let you know what I can dig up.”
“So, why go along with it?” Sherlock asked, mystified.
Sherlock shrugged.  “Apparently not.”
“Yeah,” John said slowly.  Something didn’t feel right.
“Found what?” Not being able to see an addled Sherlock was beginning to grate.
He wasn’t alright because John wasn’t here and that meant one thing.
“Really?”
The half hour went quicker than Sherlock wanted…because it meant he couldn’t scope out the gym for longer.  Obviously.  However he had to admit the cool-down where he essentially lied on the floor was nice.  In the top three of minutes from the workout he would say.
“Yes, well, thank yo- wait.
“You weren’t going to solve it without me!  At least I know who I’m looking for,” Sherlock huffed.
Virtual was easier however, allowing for the expansion of their dimension to be recorded in real time.  A new bit was made on earth? Create a new bit in the afterlife.  It was like the galaxy expanding into nothingness, apart from here the humans didn’t give a shit as to
“John, deal with him,” Mycroft gestured with his umbrella as he made to leave. This request had only increased when Mycroft had deduced their relationship change, as if John had more control over Sherlock now they were having sex on a regular basis.  John had been hiding in the kitchen hoping to avoid the conversation entirely.  As Mycroft left, he stood in the kitchen doorway, watching Sherlock.  He hadn’t moved, but John could see in his eyes that he was carefully listening to Mycroft’s exit, making sure he was really gone.  As they heard the front door shut, and Sherlock relaxed minutely, John sauntered up to the chair.
“Not outside it no, but my staff are awfully busy, as they always are and, as I have it on good authority you’ve spent the last,” Lestrade made a show of checking a post-it note, “
“Err, yes I do,” said Mike, looking unchanged from his army days, apart from being slightly chubbier and the lab coat, blinked as his mind caught up with the scene before him.  “John this is Sherlock, he uses the lab sometimes.  Sherlock this is John, we used to be in the army together.  I’m sure he has an excellent reason for dropping by and disrupting the sacred realm.”
“But we have.”
Trying to carry on as normal was a lot less easy in practice than it was in theory but luckily (
“Go to him then. See what he can find, if this is so far beneath you.”
He wasn’t only angry, though it was in his voice.  Panic.  Overwhelmingly panic, like he was about to bolt at any moment.  The hand that wasn’t clutching tea kept on clenching.  This would require some quick deescalating.
Sherlock did not take this well.  In fact, he advanced menacingly on Lestrade, over-enunciating his words.  John had noticed he did this when annoyed.  “I have aided your department in over 63 cases.  In none of those cases has my integrity been questioned.”
“George?” John asked.
“There’s going to be crying.”
“Sorry. Mrs Hudson said I could come straight up. I was in the area so figured it was easiest just to drop by.”
Sherlock was about to agree but, upon checking the time, realised he was supposed to be in a meeting with a professor who wasn’t deathly dull.  “Would love to but I have somewhere else I need to be.  Maybe next time?”
He had not expected being obliterated to be so
“Haven’t seen you for a while.”
although that could be him over-thinking things.  Whether he was imagining it or not, John’s heart felt like it was doing a strange squeezing motion, but Sherlock carried on.  “When I returned, because of my
“It's fine if you don't want to,” Sherlock said, backtracking, “I mean if it's not your,
Victor made a more overt display of checking around him, the leaned in so that only Sherlock could hear.  His voice dropped and turned serious.  It had the startling effect of making Victor seem much older than his 18 years. “Look, I’ll explain more about it later, I just wanted to know if you were interested in an actual case.  I don’t know if the police know about it yet but I want someone looking into it that I know I can trust.  Oh-” his voice changed back to its usual, casual tone, accompanied by his habitual grin “and Jasmine’s having a party on Friday, just the usual crowd.  She asked me to invite you.  You in?” Victor raised his eyebrow, implying he wasn’t just talking about the party.
“Alright, I don’t actually know where I’m going so you’re going to have to help me here,” John told him.
“It’s only a small project Sherlock, it’s not like it’s a disaster,” Mr Holmes waved a hand, so reminiscent of a Mycroft dismissal.
Instead of replying, John huffed a mock-sigh and there was a thud as the papers hit the floor.  Excellent progress so far.  Sherlock titled his head up, fighting against the urge to smile.  This was a lost cause as soon as John kissed him though.  Sweet victory.
“Are you texting Lestrade?”
“John.  An answer.  Now.”
Sherlock smiled at him.  “Your moral compass is enviable John.”
Sherlock pulled back and huffed in frustration.  John laughed and smiled again and god Sherlock loved that smile.
“How are we going to get in?” John didn’t pretend they weren’t going through the door, getting straight to the logistics.
was what cases were about.  God how he loved it.  They were finally served and John swivelled to mirror Sherlock.  They stayed there for a while, just surveying the room, the crowd.  John couldn’t spot anything obviously nefarious but really he was just there so Sherlock could spot the unobvious-ly nefarious and he could drag him out of trouble at the last second.  Waiting led to another drink, and they migrated to a tall table.  They occasionally chatted, Sherlock pointing out a random deduction, John telling stories that popped into his head for no reason other than the fact that they were here and apparently had time and he wanted to.
anything!” and it looked like he was about to start a rant but restrained himself.  “Fine.  My name is Sherlock Holmes, I’m a consulting detective, not here illegally although you suspect I am, prefer to keep to the modern time zones, occasionally I don’t talk or even move for days on end, I play the violin at odd hours of the night, and I think you are in more danger than you realise.  There, happy?” He added a fake, bright smile at the end before dropping into a scowl.
“What do they want?  Your boss?”
“I see only one solution.”  Molly and Lestrade looked at him.  “I need to go to Earth.”
“Tell me what’s going on with you and Victor.”
He didn’t notice at first as he stuck to main roads but when the crowds became a hindrance rather than a safety he ducked into the side streets.  It was rather difficult to not notice multiple phones practically stalking him down the road with their tones.  Or the fact they stopped as soon as he passed.  It was quite unsubtle. He came to a stop at one of them and glanced up and down the road.  It could be a coincidence.  A really, really weird coincidence.
"Hello," John said, smiling.  The man did not smile back.  He simply stared.  Well not exactly staring.  It was not like John's usually starry-eyed watching or a gormless empty headed stare.  He was scanning.  There wasn't much to do but to wait it out.
John was at his limit.  He could escape to his job, which was at least a constant source of boring and dull, but that only took up so many hours of the day.  He had to return home at some point, to be greeted by a lump of Consulting Detective on the sofa which refused to speak or move or do anything.  Usually John just left him to it but with the prospect of two days off looming, he knew action would be necessary.  It would involve dragging Sherlock kicking and screaming back into reality and to other cases and to weird experiments at the kitchen table.  It would involve bribery and threats and possible tears on both sides.
“How did you get out?  Really?”
“Oh come on that was one time!” John protested.
“No one would want to steal your stuff anyway.”
Sherlock didn’t dignify that with a reply.
“You should,” John nodded back.  He may or may not have been beaming and so tried to tone it down slightly.
Until it didn’t.
“Is this Mycroft’s office?”
“I need you to look at this.”
Joh seemed to be supressing a smile. “You’re welcome. I’m John, by the way.  Are you new?  I haven’t seen you around before.”
right?
Out, John decided.  It would have been much better had Sherlock not been there.  Then at least the distraction would have been imaginary and thus controllable, deniable.  But with his solid presence in the flat, so was the elephant in the corner, the thing John didn’t want to look at too closely.  It was an elephant with power, an elephant that could crush him if he wasn’t careful.  In the corner it had to stay and so ignore all his emotions he must.
He tensed.  John was here for now because he’d asked him to stay.  John was lovely and therefore had done as requested but would that translate into actually wanting to say.  It was as if the hours spent blissfully unaware had stored up all his worries and the anxiety had now hit him full force.  Because if he could remember, through the haze of want, back to the actual date, he seemed to remember mentioning serial killers, and deducing John and
John moved to his own chair.  “You going to teach me then?” he said, with an uneasy smile, aiming for light.
anyone but I could at least use it for something useful.”  He shrugged and shuffled his feet, suddenly finding the floor fascinating.
“We’re headed towards Jake’s attacker.”
Shit.
John’s eyes stopped him.  His eyes looked wary, with a hint of anger underneath (
Sherlock sat up.  “That would be a mistake on his part,” he snarled.
.  Why not keep us in the club, surely much less obvious, no pesky smuggling us out the back, no disappearing for the night.”
“Sherlock.”
“Wear the plaid shirt, the one with the ¾ sleeve with some jeans.  It’s a party, not a catwalk.”
“At least he might be able to get me an interesting case,” Sherlock muttered, turning his head to the floor but Lestrade’s hearing was sharp.
They had to give statements separately and as Sherlock had been involved in the case, his statement took far longer than the others.  He was surprised then when he came out of the interview room, ready to head back home for a shower and a sneaky cigarette (Mrs Hudson kept on stealing his supplies), to find John waiting by the front desk.  Why was he still here?  Was he angry with him?  He
