“Let’s go, idiot, Disney Jr. awaits,” Steve takes Tony’s hand and pulls gently, leading them to the living room.
Tony knows Steve is worried, whether it’s valid or not. “Why don’t you do Daddy and I a favor, little man – can you go into my office and bring me the tablet sitting there? Don’t run with it though, if ya drop it I’m selling your legos.” Tony jokes, Steve rolls his eyes. And yet, even Tony’s blatant sarcasm makes Peter grin with excitement as he dashes off to retrieve the tablet.
“Thank you for letting me sleep today,” Steve says softly.
“I promise, okay? Baby, it’s gonna be fine. It’s not the 40s anymore and I don’t have the Black Plague.” He laughs gently, trying to ease Steve’s mind.
“Tony.”
“You don’t have to do that, you know.” Steve says sternly but softly.
Tony’s turn to frown. “Why? I think I pull it off. Could have some kinky birthday sex in this.”
Tony continues to rub his back until Steve inhales yet again for the final time. He takes a deep breath and then sighs onto Tony's shoulder. He clutches him tightly, exhaustion of the attack taking over.
that was?"
"Tony," Steve says with a warning tone. "You know what I mean. When are you gonna come lay with me, hang out with the gang, literally anything that shows you kinda still like my company." He crosses his arms, defense mode in action.
Tony cups one of Steve’s cheeks and runs his thumb along the sculpted cheekbone. Steve’s face is etched with anxiety and yet he is a work of damn art. He watches Steve swallow thickly and places his hand over Tony’s on his cheek.
Tony allows Nat and Clint to play dress up with him, throwing on a birthday sash and a ridiculously obnoxious birthday hat on his rambunctious morning curls.
“I can’t wait to finally kidnap you from your idiot dads.” She says to him in her perfected baby voice.
Natasha bounces Peter a couple times in her arms and smiles at the two fondly. “Well, whenever you guys can handle it, and need some extra lovin’,” she smirks, “We would be happy to corrupt your beautiful son for a weekend.”
He can hear 80’s music in the kitchen. He could laugh out loud about it if he hadn’t just woken up. As he grudges down the stairs, the music becomes clearer: Everybody Wants to Rule the World.
“I’ll always come back.” He swallows away the lump in his throat.
“Love you kid, but I’m gonna need approximately 18 inches at least between us, kay?” Tony motions for Peter to sit back, and he does, still bouncing with anticipation.
Steve pulls away, hands still resting on Tony's hips with a comical smile plastered on his face. "Why the bathroom?"
He rolls over, back cracking and joints popping. If that isn’t the most “happy birthday, you’re old” thing, Tony doesn’t know what is.
He leans against the counter, fighting every urge not to collapse right there on the tile floor. When he looks at the microwave, and the time reads 6:36, Tony is sure he is in purgatory.
Steve is leaning against the wall, watching with fondness as Tony unwraps the gift --(obviously, Spider-Man wrapping paper was utilized, but Tony isn’t really surprised).
Because after a moment, Steve emerges from upstairs, Peter on his hip, and fuck, if he doesn’t look like a zombie.  He’s got dark bags under his eyes, nearly bruising. His complexion is pale and his hair hasn’t been shaped in probably two years since they brought Peter home. Steve’s got two different socks on, and Peter is currently trying to stick his Black Widow action figure in Steve’s ear canal.
Peter’s cheeks flush, but he doesn’t stop smiling.
“I’m always smarter.” Peter says, so cute, yet just as sassy as Tony. And yes, Steve thinks, this is Tony Stark’s kid.
“Lossa it. The bubblegum kind!”
“Peterrrrrrr. Noooooo.” He groans into Tony’s shoulder, voice almost monotone from pure defeat.
The second Peter leaves, Steve has a warning look on his face.
He strides over to Peter, who is speaking in classic baby jargon, waving his arms frantically, and Tony gives him a fond smile.
“Oh, I’m sorry. Let me be sure to bring in the baby talk next time we’re in bed.” Tony sarcastically quips.
And now Tony knows – this is before it all. Before accords. Before the five years apart. Before ‘we’ll lose’, ‘we’ll do that together, too’. Before Tony was lost in space with Nebulla and before he came back only to yell at Steve. Before Ultron, before Tony saw Steve look at him like he didn’t even recognize him anymore. Before ‘I will miss you, Tony’.
Steve laughs, and Peter squirms in his arms. “You never say anything as interesting as Peter, I guess.” He teases.
Steve takes a deep breath and doesn’t realize he’s holding it in until it comes out of him in a big heave. “If It gets to 103, we have to go to the hospital. Promise me.” He says, voice shaking.
He doesn’t waste another second crawling into bed next to Tony and pulling him against his chest, wrapping his arms around his stomach securely.
Tony nods a thanks in Steve’s direction and then looks to Peter. “Wow, thanks, baby, that’s exactly what I needed. You must be getting smarter than me, how’s that?” Tony runs a hand along Peter’s cheek and ruffles his hair.
He can't help the fumbling nature of his hands as he gives the inhaler to Steve, who looks absolutely frightened with his face pale and covered in the thinnest layer of sweat.
“Steve. Baby. Hey.” He shakes lightly again. “Sweetheart, time to go.”
And with Peter being as much of a handful as he is, Steve understands how meaningful the idea of it all is.
He smooths Tony’s curls again out of his face gently before peppering a few kisses on his forehead. “Love you, dummy. Get better soon or I’m finding a new husband.” He jokes.
He guides Tony to sit on the bed. “Wait here, baby, ‘kay?” Steve doesn’t wait for Tony to agree before he’s off to the bathroom, grabbing a warm, moistened towel.
Steve nods and manages to hoist himself up. He stretches once more before finding Bucky in the kitchen to say goodbye. He takes the car seat from Natasha and gives her a kiss on the cheek. She makes a comment about their nonexistent sex life and something about a future zoo trip. (Tony is too focused on getting home to really pay complete attention). Steve and Tony are in the car before they know it. As Tony drives, he looks over at Steve in the passenger seat. Steve’s eyes are fluttering closed and open again, head leading against the window as he fights off sleep. His left hand is resting on Tony’s thigh and his thumb rubs gently along Tony’s worn jeans.
“Coffee.” Tony states after pushing the plate away. He looks at Steve, not even surprised at the other man shaking his head amused, arms crossed.
"Um -- fuck, inhaler. Steve- Steve needs it." He doesn't even wait for Clint's answer as he sets his eyes on what he's looking for, right next to a bunch of bananas that have gone bad. He lunges for the inhaler and finds himself soaring down the stairs again toward Steve.
But still, sometimes it scares Tony just how much he adores and loves Steve.
“I’m so happy.” Tony says into Steve’s ear. It’s not what he ever thought he would say after getting proposed to, but it’s how he feels. Happy.
“Don’t say shit you don’t mean.” He goes back to his work, goes back to disregarding Steve. It’s all he’s good at, all he can be confident at.
He finally reaches the kitchen and now he knows no apocalypse has occurred. Tony must have decided to be Superdad today and let Steve sleep in completely.
“Okay, okay, I just – everything is so much scarier now that we have to take care of him.” He murmurs. In that moment, Peter comes hurdling in with Tony’s tablet and practically flings himself onto the bed.
“Tsk, tsk. Greedy, are we?” and Steve’s cheeks hurt from all the smiling this morning.
Steve almost doesn’t even think to answer due to his anxiety already consuming him, but then kicks into dad mode.
"Steve. I appreciate what you're trying to do," Tony calmly states, wiping his hand across his cheek while smearing grease in the process. "I understand you think I am going to have a heart attack down here with my abundance of caffeine and no sleep or whatever, but I am
The boy shifted from foot-to-foot nervously, but he eventually bobbed his head in a nod, long brunet curls flopping in front of his eyes. Smiling warmly, Tony slowly reached forward, brushing the curls out of PJ’s face to tuck behind his ear.
Tony paused at that, turning on his Versace heel to pout at Bruce’s hologram.
Things spiraled from there: Steve spent less and less time with him, missing homework dates and movie nights to hang out with Peggy, taking her out to the joints that Tony used to frequent with him. The one time Tony had walked into
The least difficult part of the 21
“No, Rhodey. He treats me well. You will just have to get used to him being around with me,” Tony said, “Honestly, Rhodes. He
“Well that was rude,” Tony groused to Peter, unable to help a smile at the baby’s curious eyes, “Good thing you are on my side, huh? You always pick your daddy first.”
“Tony,” Natasha said gently, crouching down in front of the man to place a hand on his knee, “We have him now. The important part is that we got him out before he endured anything else.”
he thought dully, momentarily wishing Bruce had been wrong about the Prime’s stubborn streak.
Tags updated as chapters updated. Unbeta'd.
“Feel it, too. Can I come in?” he asked, looking around, “No one’s going to jump me, right?”
“Sorry! I just—this one has a diagram,” Steve said weakly, holding up the book for Tony to see, “It—your note was funny.”
He slowly packed up his lunchbox and blanket and everything else he’d used that day, zipping up his backpack with a slow
But even Tony could not deny that he was attracted to him.
“We ended things, by the way. We never actually became official, never got past first base, nothing. She left for England, said I was nice and all, but that I needed to get my head out of my ass and that she’d send me her address for letters.”
“Not now,” He replied, already feeling anxious, “Later. Maybe after we get him to rest.”
He could not help but laugh at Steve’s confusion, his first real laugh in days.
. Watching you fall out of the sky for the second time and ending up in the hospital when I should have been to there to prevent it, or at least catch you—”
Usually, he tried to escape medical at all costs, but drainage was never fun, and he was still recuperating from his other injuries, so staying in place was a-okay. That, and it meant Steve would have to seek
Steve laughed a little at that, rocking back as he looked down at PJ. Reaching up a steady hand, he brushed the child’s curls behind his ear, humming at the patch of blond.
“I--I know. I just do not want to keep him from you,” Steve mumbled as he attempted to give Peter back.
“Patch them through, JARVIS,” Tony called to his AI, only to gasp when a familiar face popped up in full HD on his television.
Clint and Bucky walked up, the latter putting his hands on his hips as they observed the clearly guilty parties. He sighed and shook his head, dragging his metal hand over his face and mumbling expletives under his breath.
“Mmm, you love my sweat, don’t lie to me,” Tony laughed, grinning at Steve’s grumble of annoyance, “Fine. I’ll get up, go kick the ball a bit, and then we can hang out until the game.”
want to, regardless of whether or not you are my Alpha.”
Steve laughed and sniffled, brushing the last of the tear tracks from his face.
“Rhodey,” Rhodey grunted from under him, “Could you get off? You’re heavy.”
“Good save,” Steve mumbled from beside them, his head leaning back over the couch with his eye closed.
He stood up and pulled Tony with him, sharing messy, sloppy kisses as they nearly ran the four blocks down to city hall. They were catcalled and whistled at a few times, but Tony didn’t care, he was going to be
Without waiting for an answer, Tony left, leaving Steve alone in the middle of his room, staring at the wet shoe-marks on his carpet.
“What happened?” she finally asked, turning to give him her full attention.
She looked at the three men before sighing and shifting her own cards, pulling out the next question.
, I know you are hungry, but—”
“We good?” he asked quietly.
“Please do not choke,” Bruce said, absolute judgment stamped on his face, “I do not want to have to figure out how to save you while also holding Peter.”
At least, he tried to get there. His legs gave out before he could take a step, too weak and achy to support his sudden movements. He fell to his knees with a large
He heard Steve move behind him, the familiar screech of metal against linoleum signaling the blond moving closer. Tony pretended he didn’t hear it, opting instead to pick up PJ’s hand again, cradling it between both of his own. It was silent for a few moments, only the sound of the heart monitor beeping filling the room. Tony was perfectly happy to stay quiet, for once; the monitor was enough sound to keep his attention from becoming too introspective and eventually self-loathing. But, of course, stupid
Unbeta'd. Comments, kudos, and art really appreciated. You can ask me questions over at @avengersasssemble on tumblr.com.
“Not at all, Mr. Lang,” Jarvis’ voice filtered through the limo cabin, “If you would all exit the limo, young master Tony will lead you up the house safely.”
“What about me?” He said.
“Sorry, I wanted to let you sleep in,” Tony apologized, patting the hand that rested on his right cheek, “Peter needed me…”
He grabbed up the thermos and quickly squeezed Steve’s pec, gently kissing the man’s side to try and distract him from the pain. Steve cried out and clutched at Tony’s leg, making him grunt from being manhandled by a super soldier.
“Tony,” the Captain cut through his thoughts, waving a hand in front of his face, “You with us?”
“Shoot,” the engineer sighed, “Well, that didn’t work for long. Alright. C’mon you, let’s go for a walk.”
Unsteadily getting back up to his feet, Tony barely made it back over to the wall with the iron door; hissing out painful breaths, he slowly slid down to the ground, bracing his back up against the concrete. Closing his eyes, he concentrated, hearing the footsteps move back and forth on the other side of the wall.
Tony did not need the bond to know that Steve did not believe him for one second. However, the Warlord eventually let himself relax and his shoulders sagged with the weight of the day. It was pitiful, sort of like a kitten that had gotten caught in the rain, and Tony could not help but wrap his arms around the man and kiss his cheek to comfort him.
Steve heard her step over to the on-deck shower, letting his face contort into worry once he heard the rattle of the shower curtain.
“Get used to it,” the spy snorted, as if reading his mind, “Kids are walking germ magnets.”
He moved to put a hand on the light and Tony flinched, immediately causing Steve to retract. Before he could keep his face from looking disappointed, Tony grabbed his hand and slowly moved it back down to rest it on the object. He sucked in a breath and stared at the light spilling through his fingers, feeling the machine whir and tick under his hand.
“And why in the he—heck would I let you do that?” Tony snapped, only to shush PJ when the boy whined.
Tony stopped in his tracks, grinding his teeth as he shook his head at the floor.
PJ scrambled up onto the bed, shoes long been forgotten since Tony forbid them on the nice bedding. He giggled as he started to jump around, only to wheeze and collapse down onto the bed with more breathy giggles. Turning up to look at Tony, he smiled softly, eyes blinking slowly before they slipped shut.
are the one he chose to share his soul with.”
She flicked her eyes over to him, and after a moment, nodded and left. Tony turned around to face Steve, careful to keep his arms wrapped around Peter for safety. He tentatively inched closer to the Prime, only stopping once he was close enough to touch.
“Tones, you are on the mat next,” Bucky called, “Get over here and wrap up.”
“No. These are the files Natasha recovered,” the scientist answered, “Steve decided we should all read them to get caught up.”
“Back before I woke up, I memorized foraging booklets before I set out with the Commandoes, just in case we ever got into a similar situation,” Steve explained, grinning when Natasha used her batons to flip the cakes, “They’re really johnny cakes, not pancakes, since there’s no yeast or anything in it.”
“I’m not going anywhere, and I’ll have Buck and James make a distraction if they try to get me,” Steve said, giggling when Tony lit up, “What? Of course they’re here, sweetheart. We already called the others and they’re on standby stateside. Once we get you feeling better and I chew out my superior, we’ll get on the plane to head home and get you tucked into your real bed. We can work from there, okay?”
Though he could not read the words on the page, the set up of the document was familiar, as he easily recognized what a city layout looked like. The Warlord compound was massive, sprawling off of the page onto separate pieces of parchment that Steve had arranged around the main piece to form a full picture. There were strange markings all around the surrounding wall, but after a quick analysis, Tony deduced what most of them meant, including gates, city plumbing, and various defenses that were sketched out. The last on the list interested him on the most, and as he went around the city looking at the design and placement of the defenses, realized that something was wrong.
Steve made a noise at that, tied between a grunt of disapproval and a hum of sarcastic amusement.
“What? Steve—ah, Papa? You want him to come along?” Tony fumbled for the right word, the endearment heavy, but not awkward, on his tongue, “Why don’t you go ask, hm?”
“C’mon, Stark. Pop a squat,” Sam said carefully, kicking over a chair in Tony’s direction, “You too, Cap. It isn’t pretty.”
“I really don’t care about that. There were plenty of fellas courting fellas and dames courting dames back then,” Steve snorted, “I—I just—”
,” Tony growled, pushing his voice in the hopes that it would make Steve see reason, “I am no daisy needing to be coddled and kept in a glass cage. I
“Okay. Cool. Um,” he tried, only to pout at Tony’s laughter, “Hey! I’m
“Tony!” Steve breathed happily, grinning at the mention of his name, “Tony, thank you.”
Rhodey sighed and shook his head as he leaned back, crossing his arms over his chest.
Discussing defensive strategies flowed like his blood, giving him more confidence as he went on. He pointed out the flaws as he had with Steve the previous night, but before he could finish, Barnes interrupted him.
“Like… a cow? I didn’t think there was livestock on the island,” Sam asked.
“Super soldier whizz. You’re welcome to look, but he’ll be back soon. Now, leave the tree chopping to us. Go stoke your fire,” Bucky said, shooing Tony away, “Besides, you might wanna run before Stevie gets back and chews you out for strandin’ us here.”
He couldn’t resist glancing over his shoulder as they walked to the limo, watching the classroom window. After a moment, Steve and Bucky’s heads popped up, and with a giggle, Tony waved at them, smiling as they excitedly waved back.
“Papa’s going to read to you, then he’ll tuck you in for sleep, okay? We’ll leave the string lights on for you and there’s a light on in the bathroom,” Tony explained, knowing that the child probably didn’t understand what he was saying, “If you need
The Sahara looms.
“Yeah, Mom, shut up,” Bucky grumbled, crossing his arms over his chest.
“Apparently, not for a while, either.”
When he woke up, night had fallen, and the room’s candles had been lit, bathing the room in a gentle glow. His eyes adjusted, and he peered down at Peter, somehow still nestled on his chest. The babe was awake and fisting at his shirt, gently chewing on the fabric until Tony teased it out of his mouth.
“Good work, Widow. Remind me to send them a congratulatory basket of fruit,” Fury’s voice filtered through her earpiece, “And please, for the team’s sake, ask Miss Potts to soundproof Stark’s bedroom. I’m tired of Barton complaining to me.”
Determined to hold out longer, Tony fisted Steve’s cock once he felt the stirring in their bond begin to pick up. He kept his grip tight enough that Steve’s quickly swelling knot could barely push through, causing the Prime to cry out and thrash on the stone.
“We miss you too, sweetheart,” Tony’s voice came through clearly, meaning he’d taken back controls of the radio, “Especially squirt. He misses someone who’ll read his books in cool voices. I’ve basically bored him into sleeping for the past month. Oh well. I thought the kid might like Asimov.”
“Steve’s nature?” She asked, kicking off her heels and collapsing onto the couch.
stay here like some feeble housewife while my city is ravaged! What will my people think if you parade me and the baby in later? I will be nothing but a bonded Omega when that throne and those people are my responsibility.”
“I thought I’d just watched you die. Again.
“Home?” PJ’s voice repeated, “Home blue?”
“Really, I am just a bit hot. I will not be fainting any time soon.”
“I only wanted to keep you safe,” the Prime said quietly, “I cannot apologize for that…. but I did not mean to turn us into animals. I
“You’re bouncing your leg, and if you don’t stop, I’m going to remove it and cook it,” he threatened, only to earn a smack from Natasha, “Hey! What was that for?”
“Very pretty,” He said, brushing back the boy’s curls, “You too, kiddo. You got Papa’s pretty.”
It was torture to not have Steve there, and it did not affect only him: Peter began to fuss more. The only time the baby settled was when Tony tucked him in with one of Steve’s furs. So, outside of bed and nap times, Peter was a
“I am not so sure about that. He quite likes
Tony’s eyes snapped open at the sound of footsteps, hurriedly reaching up to wipe the brimming tears from his eyes. He sucked in a breath, heart hammering in his chest as the figured rounded the back of the chair—
Natasha’s voice startled Steve out of his thoughts, making him turn toward her as he noised in confusion. Her face was unreadable, but her posture was relaxed and open, which meant she wanted him to talk.
Probably the most annoying thing he had to get used to was people assuming that, since he was nearly 90-years-old, he would have trouble learning new technology. Sure, he missed out on a ton of technological history, but he didn’t need a lecture on using a damn coffee maker.
He swallowed his nerves and made to stand, clamping down on his urge to cry out from moving. Gods, it
Steve stepped forward on cue, pushed forward by Thor. He managed a small smile, but remained mostly unsure of himself, shifting from foot-to-foot. Tony took pity and beckoned him forward, picking up his hand to place on his cheek. Steve smiled then, stroking his thumb over Tony’s cheekbone before pulling him in one-armed, burying his face in Tony’s hair. It was meant to be sweet comfort, but Tony teared up at the gesture, overwhelmed by Steve’s willingness to take him in, even when he had publicly embarrassed the Alpha.
“Well, seems that Thor got the electricity working. Go team Asgard,” Tony managed.
He licked his lips: a nervous tick.
“Captain, we’re taking him back for an examination,” a doctor was saying to him, “You need to let go of him. You’re not helping by crushing his fingers—”
“Alright! We are going. You, back to bed,” Tony said abruptly, standing up and pointing at Steve, “You are still in trouble with me for this morning, so do
“What was her name?” Thor translated, no longer holding onto her.
Tony quickly handed it over, attempting not to lean too much into the scientist’s space as he began his exam. He stared as Bruce carefully peeled open PJ’s left eyelids: an unfocused, honey-brown eye stared at the ceiling, all too familiar in color and shape. Bruce flickered the light over the eye, humming as the pupil dilated.
Tony, he just happens to be a big dense oaf sometimes. He’s genuinely so head over heels he has trouble thinking straight—no pun intended.”
“It’s a morgue,” She finally announced, leading the team into what seemed to be a large operating room, outfitted with numerous gurneys, cabinets and counters, medical equipment and a small set of morgue cabinets on a back wall.
” Tony shrieked, “You’re over six feet tall! You’re
Steve blinked, looked down at Tony’s hands and then at the Omega, eyes blown wide with need. He slipped his hands around Tony’s waist and down over his ass, sucking in a sharp breath at just how wet he was; slick had smeared over his cheeks and down his thighs, which made Steve wonder about the absorbency of Tony’s underwear.
“Fines are for people who park in illegal places, Tony,” he’d said, plucking his glasses off to clean on his shirt, “You’re not fine. I’ll find out what it is, but I’d prefer it if you told me.”
He opened the door and turned the light on, watching PJ slowly survey the room. He nervously took a step back, shaking his head. Tony sighed softly, a pang of sympathy echoing through his chest as he knelt down to the boy’s level.
There was a long stretch of silence before Tony nodded, unable to look up from the bed. He stared at the ugly pattern on the sheets as he heard the door open and Jarvis’ familiar footfalls approach, stopping when he sat in Rhodey’s now unoccupied seat.
“Just some bruising, nothing too bad,” he said, thankful for small mercies as he handed PJ his shirt to put back on, “Do your legs hurt at all? Any ouchies?”
“Thor,” Steve said with a firm nod, tapping on the paper, “Tony, thank you.”
“Do a blood draw,” he said to the nurse, ignoring Steve’s look, “Send it to Dr. Banner, tell him to look for any sort of bacterial or viral strain or evidence of opiodic contamination.”
want to be in a relationship with Steve—”
“You are already so swollen, baby. Are you going to knot for me? I want to see you knot and come all over your pretty chest.”
The room was quiet, except for Tony smacking his face with the palm of his hand before groaning, shaking his head.
, Rogers, so drop it.”
, and when Colonel Rhodes comes back—”
“Yes, darling?” Tony asked, brushing his knuckles down the child’s face, “You sleepy?”
Technically, he was not worried at all about the actual training. He and Rhodey had sparred often as children and he turned into a reasonably decent brawler, especially once Rhodey had joined the Royal Guard and picked up some new moves to try on him. The fighting part was easy. Fighting with
“I dunno. Probably Ma’s shepherd’s pie,” he said, not seeing Tony start to smirk and Bucky and Clint growing progressively annoyed, “She used to mix lamb and beef, since lamb was way too expensive to buy for the full recipe, and we’d have colcannon on top, but it was more cabbage than potato, for the same reason.”
“We should be arriving shortly,” Thor said in the Southern language, smiling at Tony, “Do not be afraid. I will speak true, friend.”
Peter flailed and grabbed onto Tony’s hand, tiny fingers wrapping around one of his own. Tony cooed and gently stroked Peter’s hands with his thumb, unable to help his smile at the baby’s antics. He looked up to ask Steve to fetch Thor, but he paused, catching the man’s fond gaze. With his cheek propped up on his fist, he looked absolutely smitten with them, only to catch himself and straighten up when Tony caught his eye.
He spent the next three classes engrossed in his plan, having to flip over the paper several times as Steve got curious. With a charming smile, he simply told him he was working on more stuff for Howard, which made Steve raise an eyebrow but stop asking questions. Tony had nearly finished the base biometrics for the type of cloth to use that wouldn’t aggravate Steve’s sensitive skin when a hand reached over his shoulder and plucked the paper out of his hands.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice said.
Tony blinked at that, staring down at his costume. It was just a wooly shirt and matching pants, with wool armbands and ears glued to a headband perched on his fluffy hair. He blushed as he met Steve’s smile, shrugging slightly.
“Good boy,” Tony soothed, petting Peter’s wispy hair as they moved back out into the bedroom, “That’s it, take your time. No rush this morning, my love.”
Steve shushed him and reached up to cup his cheeks, pulling him in for a soft kiss. He could feel Tony’s lips shaking under his own, so he moved his hands down to squeeze his arms, pulling away and resting their foreheads together with a smile.
“It’s actually fairly normal,” Coulson said from behind them, causing the boys to yelp in surprise, “I won’t suggest you do so, but young men are often curious about their growth cycle, and in the pursuit of answers, will compare their genitalia size to those of other young men in their peer groups.”
“If we do not stop, we may never go back,” Steve finally said, grabbing Tony’s hand to still it.
, Bucky. I chose him. He is so incredibly brilliant and loving, and he actually gives a shit about our baby and the future for our child, so
“Our…problems?”
“They were makin’ the ultimate Avenger. So, who was ya match? Widow?” He asked, glancing over at the Russian.
“Steve, you don’t have anything that imbalances your hormones like that,” Tony quickly soothed, “Maybe—I mean, you might not be
“Friend, you look most ill,” Thor said, frowning when the new man laughed next to him, “What?”
“You’re just jealous you didn’t get one of the big parts this year,” Sam snorted, adjusting his Wise Man costume so the hat would stop falling forward into his eyes.
so his hands don’t
“Come with me to get Peter, and then we can all have dinner together,” Tony said, “I am sure that Rhodey will be curious to know how our
“I cut him a few times.”
“Tony?”
The noise around him was drowned out by a building pressure in his chest and skull, making him feel like his bones were filling with iced water and weighing him down. He remembered the sky, sunny and blue, changing to the white roof of the ambulance, to a flicker of the sky again and then the tiled ceiling of what he assumed was the hospital. A flurry of doctors came to his side, trying to get him to concentrate, answer questions, move limbs—
“I’ll be back,” He heard Steve say, “Do you want the whole coffee pot or just a cu—you know, I don’t know why I’m asking. I’m bringing you the whole pot.”
Tony shrugged, handing the child off before Steve could complain.
Steve managed a positive grunt, so Tony moved onto cutting his hair. The braid had been sliced clean off, but the hair left behind was now shaggy, with short pieces in the back and slightly too long pieces in the front. He took a minute to devise a plan and then began to trim it all down into something more cohesive that he could then slick back into a flat mohawk. Once he was done, he stepped out of the tub to look.
“You alright?” Tony asked, brow furrowing in concern, “Do you need a doc? You look…unwell.”
“Bed.”
interrupted…I’m going to have you look him over, Brucie bear. He’s for sure mine. According to some files Nat found, he started displaying advanced intelligence by ‘year one,’ whatever that means. I’m guessing a year since he was allowed out of incubation. Either way, he is extremely weak, and I want to know what steps to take next to help him get to a normal health. You can also consult with SHIELD doctors, but the kid stays at the Tower,” he said, nodding his head to enforce his decision.
“Upstairs?” Tony asked hopefully, beaming at Steve’s flushed nod as he attempted to get out of the car and also hide his arousal, “You could carry me and we can just have someone else come get the ch—”
“What the
Steve slowly walked over from the forest line with his shield in front of him, wincing every time a liquid in the basin of the shield sloshed over. By the time Clint had set up a metal sheet over the fire, Steve had reached them, and with a tired smile, starting to pour the liquid out into circles on the metal sheet.
Silently, he scooted the kit over to his side, only letting go of Tony’s hand for a moment so he could rifle through the kit. Once he’d found the tools he wanted, he moved up to Tony’s head, using alcohol wipes to start cleaning the grime from his face. His hair would have to be washed at the hospital, but Steve ignored it, shakily dragging the wipe over Tony’s face until his skin was clean. Tossing the used wipe aside, Steve picked up small suture scissors, carefully leaning in to start trimming his beard. Sure, it wouldn’t have clean-cut edges, but he knew how important the facial hair was, even if Tony never admitted it to him.
“We had to make sure before we told you,” He said hesitantly, ready to run if Steve even so much as
Completely ignoring Tony, PJ reached out toward Natasha, stubborn curiosity evident in his pouty lip. Raising an eyebrow, Natasha leaned down, letting the boy grasp at a few locks of her hair. He gasped softly around his thumb, eyes as wide as saucers. Having to bite back a laugh, Tony smiled, watching the child sift his tiny fingers through her scarlet ringlets.
“Tell me,” Steve said, “Please? I—I want to know it all. I want to know what happened. Why you were in that suit, why you—why you
“Okay. So, here’s the game plan,” he said, moving to tidy up the lab, “Natasha will hopefully have a shirt for us soon to put the kid into, or JARVIS will have clothes sent here. Once PJ is dressed, I’m hoping by that point he will have woken up, and we can try our best to get him to understand what’s going on. I’m really,
After a quick translation to Steve, he bolted from the room, no doubt uncomfortable from the scene they made. Tony was uncomfortable too; he knew he needed to talk to Steve about boundaries and finding roundabout ways to achieve what he wanted. Regardless of being the Prime Alpha, he definitely was
“Gross,” Clint shuddered, not venturing any deeper into the room, “Why would HYDRA need something like this?”
“Be careful,” the second added, pressing his forehead into the huddle, “Stick to the shadows. I’ll send for you as soon as I can.”
“Mom’s a jerk,” he complained.
“What
“I thought you didn’t like blueberries, Steve,” Sam accused, stuffing a piece of a mozzarella stick into his mouth.
The two men continued to talk, but their voices became background noise as Steve stared down at Tony, tracking his eyes twitching under his lids. It was a good sign, a sign that Tony was
“You are not going to hurt him. If he wants me, he will let us know. Am I going to have to force you to hold him?”
Not soothed by the treatment, Peter continued to cry, grasping at Tony’s chest hair until he winced and had to pull the baby’s hands away. He tried to cradle Peter again to see if he was still hungry, but the baby refused, large tears rolling down his cheeks.
. Tony’s known since he could get his hands on his computer after he got out of the hospital, you
“Hey. You mind if I join you?” Tony whispered.
“What’s up?” he panted, squinting in the sunlight.
“I do not know how to explain, but I am not his mother,” Tony tried, putting on the underwear up under his drying cloth and letting the cloth finally drop to the floor, “I will have Thor explain sometime.”
He stood and shouldered his pack, then scooped Peter up into his arms. With help from Bruce, he got back on the horse and settled the boy between them. With a group nod, they all set off at a trot, headed perpendicular to the sun to guide their way South. It was blazing hot with no cloud cover, and Tony complained as such as he wiped the sweat off of his brow.
Tony made eye contact with Bucky, who shrugged one shoulder and tugged on Steve, attempting to get the man to move. As predicted, Steve held his ground with a glare and slapped away Bucky’s hand.
“And you have nearly killed me a hundred times over. If anything, he needs to try harder.”
The knocking sounded again, but louder this time.
PJ stuck his thumb into his mouth again, fisting his shirt with his other hand as he looked up at Steve. Slowly, he moved closer to Tony, a little shaky as he put his hand on top of Tony’s.
“Tony, easy. You had an attack,” the doctor said calmly, smiling when Tony met his gaze, “There you are. You scared Thor and Steve, you know. You were practically unresponsive on your way back to the castle…what happened out there?”
Tony cried out and rolled his hips down, finally getting his arms out from behind him to wrap back around Steve’s neck, distantly aware of trying to avoid the cut on the back of his head.
He wanted to protest, but Steve was warm, and the emotions rolling through his gut told him to stay put. Instead of gracing Steve with an answer, he instead plopped his head back down onto his
He laughed more and happily kissed Steve over and over again, thankful that what he thought would be a gruesome day turned out okay. Peter seemed to agree with the sentiment and gurgled his thoughts, earning just as many kisses from both Steve and Tony.
” Bucky yelped, “No! You don’t have one! You eat
“There are some stereotypes that are true, and their knots taking over their brains is one of them.”
“Sort of. Not with him, necessarily, but with leaving someone to watch him,” Tony answered, waving for the two men to sit, “Steve, when you were on the motorbike following me and PJ in the HYDRA van, do you remember what happened after the goon ripped out my tracker?”
, you are
It was quiet for a moment as Steve wiped down the counters, his brows pulled together in the little tick that showed he was thinking; Tony made a noise, rolling his eyes when the other made the noise back.
“Of course, Doctor Banner.”
Tony gulped and turned to look back at the fire, suddenly feeling very alone on his rock. Sam soon came over with Thor and a clearly exhausted Bruce, followed by Clint and Natasha as they gathered around the fire, idly chatting as the sun began to set. Hours went by without any sign of Steve, to the point that Clint smacked a hand on Tony’s knee, giving him a flat stare.
The scrapes of chairs on stone floors filled the chamber as the Warlords exited, leaving the room to the small family. Tony took the opportunity to cuddle closer to Steve’s chest and moved Peter so he was tucked between them. He smiled softly once he felt a hand slide down his arm, keeping them safely cradled.
“Better go as fast as you can, I don’t know how long he’ll be able to—ah,
“What will happen to them?” Tony whispered.
Tony nodded and stood, first checking to make sure Peter was still asleep before following Bruce out of the room. Once the door was shut, Bruce pulled him to the side and spoke in low tones.
had a rolling backpack, so he didn’t feel so alone. That is, until Steve fastened makeshift straps to it and carried it on his back, like he did that morning.
“J, send the suit off to docking,” he called out, careful to hold PJ close to his chest.
,” Clint interrupted, pouting when T’Challa laughed, “Dude, mummies are real. They are. They will come to life and they will try to
Slowly, he stretched out his open palm, waiting patiently, despite having to watch the boy sob his heart out in front of him. It took a few minutes for PJ’s cries to dwindle, but once he looked up, he stuck his hand out to rest on Tony’s palm.
He turned to her and expected a fight, but she stared back at him until he averted his eyes in defeat. Steve immediately started to sulk and left, presumably to change clothes. Tony made a surprised noise and turned to Natasha to grin at her. Watching her put Steve in his place always caused a stirring in his stomach, even though he thought he should feel jealousy instead.
“Se’eve,” Tony repeated awkwardly, letting the name roll on his tongue, “Steve?”
“No, I’m not,” Tony said haughtily, crossing his arms, “Nat, ask the next question.”
Steve did not move from his place by the bed, nor did he speak, but the bond in Tony’s heart lightened to a more manageable flow of emotions. It made him dizzy and nauseous, yet he swallowed the feelings down to stumble toward the door. He barely got to the other side of the room when Steve appeared to open the door for him with their cloaks draped over his arm.
, careful, that’s broken,” He griped, barely resisting the urge to smack her hands away,
Tony tugged on Steve’s sleeve, sighing when he shook his head and looked down at Tony.
“Are you a parrot today? No, not really again. That was Natasha the first time, but she also lent him your pastels, so don’t be too hard on Hawkass,” Tony sighed, smoothing a hand through his wet hair, “Look, Steve. You’re in my house now. If you need something, ask. Thor knows I have enough money to make sure you’re at least a comfortable senior citizen.”
“Bruce will most likely bring Peter around at first light for breakfast. Now, I am no prude, but I would rather not scar him with our nudity.”
Feeling hands on his shoulders, Tony instinctively ducked away, scrabbling away until his back hit the side of his wardrobe. Feeling dizzy, he panted heavily, his hand going up to cover his reactor.
“Gods, that smells
“Enough! Breaking his spine will not improve his skills, Steve,” Bucky interrupted, “When I say I want a clean fight, I mean it.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
The thought that Peter could sense his emotions was already a bit frightening, but after hearing the doctor’s observation, Tony wondered how strong their bond really was. Sure, he could sense when Peter was upset, but babies did not have very many emotions to express in the first place.
“Tony—Tony,
Steve laughed again, a warm depth to the sound that made Tony’s arm hair stand on end. He never wanted to hear it end, but of course, PJ grunted between them, a tiny hand coming up to pat on Steve’s face.
that you have
After listening to the sound of vibrainium clanging against wood for longer than he ever wanted to, Tony was rudely snapped out of his thoughts when a log was tossed onto the fire, making it crackle and hiss in his face. He swore and leaned back, looking up to glare at a smug Bucky.
her favorite, after all.”
“We also need the numbers, Tony. Steve needs to come with us,” Bucky said patiently, quirking an eyebrow with a smirk, “Why? Is there a reason you’d rather have Steve here?”
“Looks like we have to wait, love,” Tony murmured to Peter, gently swaying in place to try and keep the baby entertained, “Maybe he’ll bring you back your own furs, hm? Something nice and warm?”
He rolled onto his side to face Steve and let the Alpha settle before scooting into his arms, happy to steal his warmth. Steve pressed a kiss to his hair and Tony smiled, burying his face in the man’s chest. Just as they began to drift off, the universe decided to intervene and Peter began to fuss and wail, sobbing his little eyes out. Tony sighed when Steve laughed, untangling himself so he could kneel on the bed and scoop Peter up out of his crib.
He handed Tony his own set of gloves, then pointed to a small device on the table behind Tony.
Peter seemed to perk up at the mention of food, reaching a curious hand up to grab at Tony’s chest. Tony laughed and gently patted his hand as they headed into the bathroom. Careful to not accidentally drop the babe, Tony drew a warm bath and undressed them both, dropping Pete’s soiled clothes and his padded cloth into the corner. He dug around the various cabinets in the room until he found a bar of soap, shushing Pete when the baby tried to grab for it.
PJ whined and pouted as he was set on his feet, grunting when Tony wrangled him out of what was left of his pajamas and carefully scrubbed him down. It was a miracle that the child was able to behave for him for so long, especially since he continued to glance at the door like he was going to bolt. Recognizing the itch, Tony bundled the boy up in a towel and carried him back out to the bedroom, plopping him onto the bed.
If he, the most oblivious person, could see it,
“Another?”
“I hope you mean dinner.”
son can be raised in
Tony turned to give Steve a look, pursing his lips and raising one delicate eyebrow.
It happened constantly, whether the team intended to offend him or not. Clint would take the remote out of his hand when he was trying to remember how to change to the HDMI port, Bruce would pat him on the back and tell him that “not all of us can get the hang of technology like Tony”, and even Thor would skip over explaining Asgardian technology—but at least that was to the team as a whole.
“He is an infant. He barely understands the difference between his fingers and toes, let alone have the ability to remember what I am saying,” Tony said, leaning in to press a kiss to Peter’s cheek, “Okay, baby. Be good for your uncle. I will be back soon for you, alright?”
He pointed at his clothes on the floor, then pointed to himself and Peter and waved his hand at Steve. Steve furrowed his brow and put his hands on his hips, staring at them for a second before the light visibly turned on and he nodded, ushering them into the bedroom. He headed to his closet and rifled around for a moment, then pulled out a few articles and set them on his bed. With Tony’s attention on him, he held out his hands, then turned and left the room.
He combed his fingers through PJ’s hair as the boy silently looked at his book, mouthing the words again as he seemed to try and memorize them on his own. Tony flicked his gaze up to Pepper, offering her a sad smile. She shook her head in response, scooting over to kiss both his and the boy’s foreheads.
“Shh, it’s okay, you’re okay, we got you,” Tony soothed worriedly, his heart hammering in his chest as PJ sobbed into his shoulder, “You’re alright, it was just a nightmare, it can’t hurt you anymore, little one. We’ll protect you. We’ll
These days, the thoughts about Peter’s growth, his relationship with Steve, and their relationship as a family swallowed Tony’s thoughts. He found himself stripped to his britches and boots in the basement forge room, sweating away while he mindlessly hammered down steel as he thought. Steve and Peter’s relationship blossomed once the Prime climbed over the hill of his initial fear. He doted on the boy--almost too much--and was quick to lavish him with gifts and affection. It was sweet at first, but now that Peter was older and more likely to cause trouble, they had found that the boy would toddle his way to Steve and use his pleading eyes to wriggle his way out of a scolding. And, since it was Tony doing the scolding, it usually worked.
“Well, it’s alive,” He finally said, stepping up to the floor-to-ceiling glass tube, “Should we take it out?”
“Shut
Tony glared at him and flicked his head.
“Brucie bear, you’re with me,” He said, hearing the other scientist’s familiar footsteps behind him, “He’ll need a full exam and possibly a few blood tests. Even though we have HYDRA’s initial data, I want to run his chart just in case something odd comes up.”
“Fine. But if anyone asks, you got out of them yourself,” he grunted, unlatching the cuffs, “You better not try anything. I’m not carrying that guilt around with me.”
He stilled his hand and went silent. Tony bit his lip and shut his eyes, waiting for the inevitable; he expected Steve to slide his hand down and take him again because a
Peter nibbled on his hand and kicked his legs a little, blinking his large brown eyes at Bruce. Tony kissed the babe’s cheek and patted his belly, then eased his hand out of his mouth and cleaned up the spittle.
Tony holds a hand out, motioning for Steve to sit next to him. Steve sits on the edge of their bed and clasps his hands with Tony’s.
He’s crying, he knows he is, somehow he just doesn’t care, as Steve is pulling him into a tight embrace, arms around Tony’s neck. Tony’s arms find their way around Steve’s waist where they belong. Their knees knock against each other and he breathes Steve in, takes in this moment for everything it is. Now, he knows Steve’s crying, too, as Tony’s neck feels warm and wet from where Steve’s face is pressed.
Steve fights the anger bubbling in his chest. "That's different. That's not being intimate, that's not spending quality time with someone you care about." Steve Rogers does not break, Steve Rogers does not cry during arguments. But he's got this weird, odd, unrecognizable feeling fluttering in his throat, in his sternum.
Peter nods, resting his head on Steve’s chest. He squirms in Steve’s arms until he finds a comfortable position, kicking Steve in the sternum lightly in the process. “Yeah, Daddy, it’ll make him feel bett’r.”
“C’mon, Doctor, we gotta get back to Pops, can’t have him all alone now, can we?” Steve asks his son, head still tucked into Steve’s neck.
And then Steve is stepping forward, placing a hand against Tony’s forehead, running it down the side of his cheek, stroking his jawline gently, gazing at Tony with blue eyes – same as always. But they’re hopeful, innocent, full of light and love and compassion.
An immune system that is unable to be compromised.
This used to never be in Steve’s future. The whole marriage and baby, domestic husbands and whatnot. He doesn’t know what he did to deserve this kind of lifestyle.
But Tony places several more kisses to Steve’s jaw and his throat and Steve is reminded that this is what coming home feels like.
“Tony.” He says in that stern and worried voice Tony has only heard about a million times in their relationship. “You can’t pull this anymore – it was cute when we were dating and when we had the Avengers, but we have a kid now; I don’t want you holding more than you can carry.” A classic Steve Rogers is Worried Monologue. Tony’s only heard about a trillion of those.
“C’mere, now, and I mean it,” He mumbles, and this time, Steve refuses to fight the smile tugging on his lips. This is all he’s thought about for nearly five days.
With all the skill in his tiny body, Peter places the thermometer in Tony’s mouth. Tony is able to maneuver the device under his tongue and lets Peter hold it until it beeps.
He takes a deep breath, and gently pulls Tony’s left hand into his own. When Steve slides the ring on Tony’s finger, it goes on smoothly and perfectly and with it, Tony feels his heart clench. He stares down at the ring for a moment, as if it might disappear if he looks away.
“Anything for you.” Tony replies, swallowing thickly after, rubbing a hand behind his neck. It’s not like it’s hard to say these things anymore, no. Tony is far past self-destructive tendencies and fear of vulnerability and things of that nature.
Yeah, Steve doesn't mind it one bit.
“Med’cine.”
“Bed, mister. You’re crazy. Up, let’s go,” He motions for Tony to stand up, and comes around the table, offering a hand. Tony takes it and melts against his side. Steve leads Tony to the their bedroom, and it’s the first night in almost a week Steve won’t have to sleep alone.
“I got it, baby. Coffee’s done brewing.” Tony gently says, pushing a mug into Steve’s hands, to which he grabs eagerly. Steve thanks him with a kiss on the cheekbone. Tony feels his chest tighten, still – still, after all these years, after all these years of cheekbone kisses he gets from Steve.
Steve gives him a small smile, and then, “Loving husband?” He raises a hand to his chin as if to think. “Never heard of that. Explain?” Tony just chucks a pillow at his head, despite the weakness in his throw.
“C’mere, please,” Steve murmurs, and he’s pulling Tony in one motion into his arms. He always waits for it – waits for Tony to shove him away, curse him out, push him immediately. It’s happened before, and it is sure to happen in the future. But Steve is surprised, although thankful, when Tony’s arms wrap around Steve’s waist hesitantly. Eventually, he adjusts his arms and he’s running his hands up and down Steve’s back, almost soaking in the reality he’s been missing out on for the past few days.
Steve smiles, actually smiles, pearly whites on display, a dimple even coming out as he can’t control his joy. He cups Tony’s face in his hands.
“Yeah, I heard ya, I’ll believe you even more if you make me a turkey sandwich.” Tony shoots back. Steve can tell Tony tries to manage a quirky and comedic smile, but it doesn’t make his eyes crinkle or all his laugh lines come out.
Like hell if Tony knows where Steve's damn inhaler is, but that doesn't stop him from flying up the stairs to the communal kitchen and frantically scanning for it. Clint is luckily at the table, mindlessly scrolling on his phone.
“Baby, that’s not what a hate crime is.” Steve replies smoothly, running his hands over Tony’s forearms resting on the table. “And I need you to take off that birthday hat.” Steve looks up with his eyes, scrunching his nose at the outlandish attire.
“Mhm, he’s good to go.”
Tony finishes his third mug of coffee, Steve has been counting, and looks around the kitchen. “Okay, Rogers, where’s my present?”
“I’m not gonna fight with you.” Steve insists gently.
There are benefits to being practically perfect.
“Sure, buddy,” Steve hands his son the thermometer.
“Are we finally breaking up?” Tony jokes, knowing Steve will riot. Sure enough, when Tony cracks an eye open, Steve has an irritated and shocked expression his face, gaping at Tony.
He doesn't even have to think about it anymore. He never considers the possibility of serious injury or inconveniences or struggles. He never worries that he may face crippling or detrimental issue that would put him in a state of panic because naturally, Steve always ends up okay.
Steve and Peter pay for their items, Peter even helping Steve slide his credit card in a way that makes the cashier gush out loud, and Steve leads the two of them out of the grocery store, Peter still bundled up in his arms.
“Seeing as I’m gonna be the one to clean up this wrapping paper nightmare?” Steve looks around the tile floor in regret. “Yep.”
Steve hugs Tony closer, squishing Peter a bit in the process. He leans down to kiss Tony quickly and then plants another kiss on top of Peter’s head.
“No, today is a super special day,” Steve is smirking, Tony just knows. He feels Steve run a hand through his bed head gently. He moves closer into the touch; it almost makes up for Steve waking him up at God knows what time.
Tony kisses Steve neck so gently that Steve almost thinks it’s not real, that this Tony is still a fabrication and the real Tony is somewhere else, ignoring reality and ignoring Steve.
“Happy birthday, baby.” He murmurs. Tony receives another kiss on the lips, a few light pecks on his jawline, and two down his neck. And right as he’s about to shut his eyes in bliss, Steve is on his feet, ready for the day.
And here’s the thing: Tony always thinks Steve is beautiful. Steve is beautiful after battles, after going for his morning jog, after sex, when he’s angry, and everything else under the sun.
Tony laughs lightly, abs still hurting from where Pete jumped on him last night before bed.
Steve can’t help the cackle that escapes his lips. “You’re terrible.” Steve’s code for ‘you are perfect. Radiant. The love of my entire life. My everything’.
Nothing could take away the purity and perfection of this single moment. Not even the boys, who happen to be in the next room, clapping and obnoxiously blowing on leftover noisemakers from their morning celebration.
Peter squeals from the high chair and Steve groans when he hears the sound of cheerios scattering the kitchen floor.
When he wakes up and reaches clumsily for his phone, he reads that it is 9:03 in the morning. And what the fuck? Unless the apocalypse happened over night, leading to both Tony and Pete’s death, there really is no logistical reason for the fact he has managed to sleep that late. Confused, he rolls out of bed, throwing on the first sweatshirt that’s lying on the floor along with sweatpants.
Steve inhales Tony’s hair and then buries his face in his neck, his favorite place, his hideaway, and pretends it’s plausible for them to stay in this exact position forever.
“Yeah. Come on, sweetie, the turkey sandwich awaits at –” He looks at the clock hanging on the opposite wall of Tony’s shop. “2:17 in the morning!” He finishes with a grin.
Tony is still half asleep as he fiddles with the coffee maker, shoving the pot back into place as he flicks the switch on and the machine starts to steam immediately, thankfully.
“’M hungry.” Tony mumbles into Steve’s collarbone after a moment.
He drags himself back to the coffee machine and drops his head on Tony’s shoulder.
Tony hands Peter off to Steve, not even realizing it. Steve accepts the toddler to his chest and holds him carefully as Peter’s head lulls into the crook of his neck. It’s just their song and dance at this point. The way they take care of Peter – it’s synchronized. It’s muscle memory. Sometimes, Tony doesn’t even need to think about it, he just knows Steve will comprehend whatever Tony’s pondering and finish the idea for him.
Tony swallows a bite of pancake before he’s rolling his eyes. “I’m sure you’ll recover in 60 seconds, Super Solider.”
Steve frowns. “I’m wounded.” He states as Tony goes back to eating.
They also splay out a shirt that he refuses to wear, reading: “Tony Stark has been alive for 49 slutty years.” Whatever that means. He can’t help the giggle that slips out, nearly choking on a piece of pancake. When he’s quieted down, and looks to his right, Steve is staring at him like he’s the entire solar system.
“Where’s Natasha?” Steve asks, after kissing Peter on the cheek and clapping Bucky on the back.
Instead, just today, Steve takes Tony’s face in his hands, and kisses him deeply, filled with warmth and love and everything good in the world. Tony claims the cure for cancer could be found in the energy that is a kiss from Steve Rogers.
“Nevermind, I like my eggs just like this,” Tony grunted, making a face when Steve laughed, “What? I have a
Just a foot away from the door, Tony stopped, flinching as the shadow in the doorway soon turned into the looming figure of his father. Though he was dressed in a pressed suit, the stench on him and the look on his face immediately told Tony he had been drinking out of the big adult bottles of drink again. Which meant he was in trouble.
As they approached the market, various noises filled his ears: children laughing and playing, people talking, music, and occasional shouts of glee. It was another world all on its own, and as Steve guided him deeper, Tony had to stop, slowly turning in a circle to take everything in. Stalls selling various wares were packed in together, trying to fit in as many as possible in the given space. Cones of spices and kabobs of various meat and produce made the market smell like a warm curry, homely and inviting.
“You did
Steve stood and shucked off his suit, laying it down on the ground before sitting on it. He tugged at Tony’s undersuit until he wriggled out of it, then impatiently pulled him into his lap.
“But I wanna read it.”
“Careful, your age is showing,” Tony murmured into his neck, making him laugh as he trooped over to the elevator to take them up to their floor.
“I don’t think you’re going to be inventing for a bit, T. This…this is a bad break,” Rhodey said quietly, “You need to rest and take a breather.”
adult.”
Perhaps he was adjusting a little better than he thought.
“Guys,” Steve intervened, a bit exasperated, “Please.”
“We can have fun once we’re home. I promise. Here—if you’re even feeling well on the plane, we can torture James squared with another entry into the Mile-High Club,” Steve compromised, “Okay? I just—I want to lay here with you and hold you for a while. I really thought I lost you, Tony.
After batting away Steve’s offered hand, Tony dragged himself to his feet to ready up again. Sure, he was in pain, but he had handled a bit of pain before and shoved the feeling down. He barely gave Steve the time to put his fists up properly before flying at him again with a feigned hook into a solid gut punch. If Steve had been a weaker man, he would have collapsed, but his tight abdomen easily took the blow and had Tony pulling away with a hiss to cradle his knuckles.
“Shhh, darling. We were not talking about you, I promise,” he murmured, attempting to stave off Peter’s sniffles, “You must really be ready for that nap, huh? Would you like to go nap with Uncle Bruce? Hm? We can get your dolly from your bassinet first.”
“I do not know if I can. I tried before, but it felt like I had stuck my whole body in a forge,” he admitted, “It burns.”
Skidding to a stop, he faced the three HYDRA agents that stepped out of the shadows, only to turn and see five more agents in his peripheral; Tony took one last look at the Tower before easing his stance into a less aggressive one, swallowing to calm his nerves.
“If I have to watch you two start scenting each other in this hallway, I am going to throw up,” Natasha commented flatly.
“Alive, let’s stick to what it is,” Bucky said, sitting himself down on the other side of Tony, “He’s still kicking. He really doesn’t know how to kick it, does he?”
“She was right,” he continued, opting instead to play with PJ’s hair to keep his hand occupied for the moment, “We do need you. You did what you had to, Steve. Aunt Peg will always have you, even if it was for those few, fleeting moments. Sure, it may not have been a lot, or even enough, but you got to know her enough to love her, and I think that’s important. She never forgot you. She helped Howard look for you—hell, she carried a picture of you in her purse. The pre-serum one. She remembered you as you were, and now you have to do the same.”
Tony sighed and nodded, letting Thor translate his plan to Barnes. The Lieutenant tilted his head and spoke, maintaining eye contact.
“—that, now, can you sit? This is going to be a little tricky since you have long hair,” he explained.
“As I said, I have been teaching the others,” he said, pleased with himself.
“It’s okay, honey. If you want to cry, that’s okay,” He said gently, attempting to soothe the child despite being unable to get close to him, “I’m going to be right here, sweetheart. I’m sorry, pumpkin. I didn’t mean to startle you.”
“Has he never seen his reflection before?” Steve asked.
“You need it,” the Prime insisted, “It is meant for--”
“Is there another super running around that we don’t know about?” Tony asked, sliding off the table once he heard the coffee pot click off.
“This is not the worst thing for the serum to give me, dear,” Steve continued, picking up Tony’s hands to squeeze in his own, “I’d say the refractory period is worse.”
Steve helped Tony up and over to his chair before shaking the other two men awake and sitting in his own seat. He fastened Tony’s seatbelt before doing his own, gently patting his husband’s sprained arm.
The kid grunted but did as was asked, the tighter hold on his elephant not going unnoticed. Steve moved around the bed, crouching down as he rested his hand on PJ’s back.
“Yeah, yeah, of course,” Tony gushed, his Omega fluttering in happiness in his chest at even a slight bit of approval from an Alpha,
“Daddy,” Tony answered back, pointing at himself before racking his brain and pointing to Steve, “…uh, Papa?”
“Who’s up today?” He asked, uncapping the water.
His voice softened and he reached up to cup Steve’s cheek, moving his fingers over to gently prod at his bruised nose. Steve hissed but did not move, pouting until Tony took his hand away.
“Cut it out, Stevie. You have to let the docs do what they do best. What if you holding them back made Tony hurt more, huh?” Bucky finally snapped, turning around to meet Steve’s eyes, “We know you’re worried. We’re
Startled, Bruce froze and slowly nodded. “Of course. What ails you?”
“You better write me a goddamn
Bruce nodded and led the way back upstairs and to the dining hall, leaving Tony to pick a place to sit while he disappeared into the kitchen. Tony sat at his usual place and shucked up his shirt and opened the bra, not at all surprised at how easily Peter latched on. He sighed and winced at the dull ache radiating from his breast, but he would put up with it if it meant the babe would be sated.
It was nothing but a blade with a handle; it would have to do. Thankfully, there was also a pair of trimming scissors, which meant he could clean up a lot nicer. He first trimmed everything down to an appropriate length, then went in on the sides, leaving the part around his lips and chin. Careful to keep his hands steady, he shaped the hair above his lips with the scissors and smoothed the edges with the razor.
“Steven. Sit up for me, please? You have something to say to Rhodey, right?” He tried, nudging him with his shoulder again.
“Sure. Let me use my ridiculously buff body to make you a sandwich, your majesty,” Steve snorted, standing from the table to go make a plate.
“He is asking normal questions for Rhodey,” he explained, “He is making sure I am not a slave or being held against my will or anything like that.”
He recognized the crack in the voice and tensed, not moving his face from Rhodey’s shoulder. He immediately sucked his sobs back in, trying to be as quiet as possible, like prey around its predator. Rhodey shifted the sheets up as best as he could to cover him, hushing him quietly before turning to the party.
He let his anger toward himself settle in his chest as he decided he was okay enough to move again, looting around the room for a moment until he found a bottle of aspirin tucked away in one of the cabinets. With a grunt of approval, he swallowed two pills dry and left the medical room, steadfastly ignoring the concerned calls of the nurses.
Steve narrowed his eyes, but relented, sitting up to zip off his boots and dump them off the side of the bed before maneuvering himself under the sheets. PJ managed a small smile as he snuggled up to the other’s chest, immediately attracted to the warmth. The boy let out a small yawn and settled down with one small hand clutching at Steve’s tank top. Tony stared at the scene, a flutter of something pleasant rising in his chest.
“Then why is he not good enough for you? He would not be old enough to understand why we suddenly have to take away time with him to give to a new child. We keep going around in circles on this topic and yet you continue to push and prod. I am not even saying no to another baby! I am saying
“Aah ba!”
“Okay. We’ll make the bed first. Then you can just chill out while I finish setting everything else up,” he decided, putting his hands on his hips as he looked down at the boy, “Sound good? Good.”
, you can’t leave,” Tony said hoarsely, blinking through the tears that were already stinging his eyes, “Not—not for six years, I need you
Steve, filled out like some sort of jock hopped up on steroids, but he had to admit that the strength was something he’d grown to love.
“Well, we’ve got a few weeks to find one. And to decide if we want to keep this as our secret. If we do, I’ll have to break out my dog tag chains for you to wear,” Steve said, slipping a hand onto Tony’s hip to squeeze lightly, “Ready?”
Steve slumped back down into the bed with a nod, attempting to curl back up to Tony’s warmth. Tony placed a pillow into his arms and kissed his temple, laughing when the man grumbled.
“I know, I know, you can feel it too. It is okay, it will be over soon,” Tony soothed, only looking away from Peter to glare at the Prime, “He will calm himself so you can go back to sleep, I promise.”
Steve sighed and got off of him; Tony took the opportunity to hustle his ass out of the ring and unwrap his hands. The tension in the air stung his nose to the point that he moved away from them again, only to relax once he was in the presence of Rhodey and Peter.
advice, you are very good at taking care of others,” she answered, taking her clipboard back with a smile, “I should be back in an hour or so to take him down for the scan. You’re welcome to stay here.”
He moved Peter up to his shoulder and scooted out of the bed, feeling both thankful and guilty that his pain was mostly gone. He walked them over to the closet and dug around for Peter’s wrap, carefully tying the baby to his chest so he could keep his arms relatively free.
“There we go. I’m sorry if I hurt you on accident, pumpkin. I didn’t mean to,” Tony apologized, keeping his hand still, “I’ll try to be more careful, okay?”
“It’s alright to cry, son. We’ll match your pace and do what we can,” He said softly, a Captain’s determination hidden behind his reassurance, “You take all the time you need. We’re here for you. No matter what that looks like.”
“She’s right.”
Steve whirled around and grabbed his upper arm, tugging him close as he dragged them off to a more private alley. At least, as private as they could get; some of the townspeople followed and hovered around, interested in who their leader was with and what was going down.
“Tony, Peter,” Steve said firmly.
Before Tony could respond, Steve growled back, going so far as to bare his teeth. Rhodey immediately did the same and growled louder, which attracted the entire room’s attention. As the Alphas began to nonverbally fight over him, Tony made eye contact with Bruce at the next table over, recognizing the discomfort in the doctor’s posture.
“…ony?
“Fine. I’ll make sure to pass it on to Bruce as well. He may want to look into the strength of the serum itself within PJ and possibly want to monitor it,” Bucky sighed, standing up from the rocking chair, “I’ll leave you two lovebirds alone, then.”
Silence again.
“I’m fine,” Tony interrupted, putting his hands up as he moved back to the chair on the opposite side of PJ’s bed, “Just…I’m fine.”
With Peter snuggled up to him to keep him warm, Tony leaned into Natasha’s shoulder and shut his eyes, willing his brain to slow down so he could focus on the bright heat radiating in his chest. It still burned with possession, but he dared to reach for it, feeling for a glimpse of Steve within the bond.
had to open his pretty mouth—
“Well, I’ll be damned,” Natasha whistled, “Alright, question two. What is your favorite flavor of ice cream? Bruce, you go first this time.”
“Him,” Steve corrected sheepishly, “Not her. Him.”
seen Virginia like this, Thor is going out of his mind, Bruce isn’t even
“Is his dick big?”
“Sorry, didn’t mean to interrupt,” he drawled, holding up his hands defensively, “I just have a very pouty super soldier on my hands and I figured the easiest way to ask what’s wrong is to go to you first.”
“He’s overwhelmed,” Steve interrupted, causing a shiver to go down Tony’s spine, “He came from a place where the world was designed to hurt him and he had
“Peter asked for you before I put him down for bed,” Steve said.
Gods, it was
“Tony?”
“Intelligence,” Natasha answered, her voice suddenly soft, “By year one, he was able to form simple complete sentences and count to twenty his own. For his age, that’s incredible.”
He is not a plaything. He is going to be my mate for
“He is so beautiful, Tony,” Steve said quietly, “He looks so much like you. I do not doubt that he will turn out just as wonderful as you are.”
Scrubbing a hand over his goatee, Tony merely stared at the boy, the child’s mouth open slightly as he puffed breaths in sleep. He stuck his hand out toward the nurse, wiggling his fingers impatiently.
Forcing himself to raise his head, Tony barely registered Steve crouched in front of him, his hand halfway between them as if he had stopped himself from reaching out. Tony blinked erratically, hands clutching at the plush carpet as he tried to force words out of his mouth.
“…Me? Well, I’ve been out as pansexual since my thirties. Publicly, though, I’ve mostly dated women. Men can be…”
He patted his chest, accidentally smearing his warpaint with his wet hand.
He sucked in a breath, eyes widening once he saw how dilated his pupils were; without hesitating, Tony ducked his head, pressing kisses along Steve’s
He tried to pat Steve’s back again, but he really was much bigger than Tony ever remembered and had trapped his upper arms in his hug, so Tony settled for putting his hands on the sides of Steve’s torso, gently rubbing circles to try and comfort him.
PJ glared at Bucky with as much anger as a two-year old’s body could muster, standing his ground behind Natasha’s leg. Tony giggled at the sight, hiding his smile behind his hand.
He scowled and shut his eyes tight, rubbing the space between his brows to try and quell his headache.
“I’m…having trouble…emotionally,” he tried to explain, fumbling over his words, “I, ah, am interested in someone, but I’m not sure how to find out if they are interested back.”
“Shh,
“There we go. Little uncomfortable, but I can work with it,” Tony said, brushing away PJ’s tears as the toddler relaxed back against Steve’s chest, “We’re all nice and cozy, yeah? Once we all feel a little better, we’ll make a thermos of hot cocoa for Papa to take on his trip, okay?”
Tony hummed in agreement and rested his head against Steve’s chest so he could relax while playing with Peter. He quickly tuned out the meeting as the Warlords discussed the amount of food and weapons stockpiled for the upcoming months. They went onto how to expand the city and Tony’s ideas for better defenses, only to land on any miscellaneous news that any of them would like to share as part of the debrief.
Tony shared a look with Steve before they sat down, each bracing themselves as Natasha began to detail the torture to them. Phrases like
“A condition? What cou—”
Tony tried to bat away Bruce’s hand, but with Peter settling on his chest, he had to let the man check him over again. He glanced over at Steve with the largest pleading eyes he could manage, swallowing his smirk when the Alpha stepped forward and growled at Bruce. Immediately, he stepped back and bowed his head, allowing Steve to take his place and cup Tony’s face. Tony felt guilty after that: Bruce was only trying to help, after all.
PJ blinked at him, utter confusion clouding his features. The chair had stopped moving, leaving Tony reclined with the child sitting up on his lap. Looking around, PJ made a curious noise, poking the chair with a bit of defiance.
fathered a child, and now he would have to have another, by his own body? The thought brought harsh tears to his eyes, so he tucked his head down into Peter’s shoulder and took calming breaths, soaking in the baby’s pleasant scent.
“Not really. I just know what flavor of bull you deal in,” she answered, grinning as he laughed, “Now, let me see my little nephew.”
“So you just happened to get down with the Prime Alpha?” Rhodey asked, folding his arms over his chest.
“My my, Captain Rogers, so forwa—”
, Cyclops,” Tony snapped, earning a look of surprise from Bruce, “He is a child, and since he’s technically
“It was always going to be Stark-Rogers. I should see if I have my old middle school composition books, I know one is just full of doodles of
Looking helplessly down at the boy, Tony kept trying to wake him, wondering what nightmare could be holding onto the boy so tight.
Thor hesitated, but after the Prime clapped a hand to his shoulder, he quietly gave Tony’s answer. The man immediately brightened, turning his smile to Tony. Gently, he reached out to cup Tony’s face in his large hand, threading his fingers into Tony’s hair. Stunned, Tony could only blink back, feeling his skin prickle under the man’s well-calloused hand. He was overwhelmed; Peter was fussing again, his world was turned upside down in only a few turns of the sun, and all he could think of was how he had missed his chance to give his mother a hug before he left. With all of the Alphas staring at him, he began to cry, which quickly turned into deep, mournful sobs that wracked his thin body. Another hand found its way to his shoulder, giving him a second anchor to focus on. He tried to blink the tears away, distantly aware that Thor was telling him what was happening, but he could only think about Peter, trying to calm himself down so his scent would not set off the infant.
“For real? So Thor’s not on goal?”
“Done already? You must be quite tired from keeping Uncle Bruce up all night,” Tony murmured in Northern for Steve’s benefit.
“My priority is to keep my son safe, which means staying away from the cities. If anyone ever found out about how he was born, we’d both be killed.”
Immediately, PJ let go and pulled his hand back, as if he had been spooked. He whimpered softly, shaking his head before grasping at his shirt with his free hand. The three adults all shared a look before Natasha slid to the ground to be at the boy’s eye level.
“Yeah, yeah, smartass, just help,” Tony sighed, investigating the screws on the bottom of the tube, “Okay, so it looks like if I just get a large enough wrench, I could—”
“If it were up to me, I would not attack at all,” Tony said in a quiet voice, “Howard is an old king, and if you wait long enough, he will die and I can return as the rightful heir to the throne without causing any unnecessary bloodshed.”
“…I shall leave you to your breakfast, then,” Thor said awkwardly, setting down the tray he had brought onto Steve’s bed.
Fighting every instinct to take Tony right there, Steve had to carefully lay himself down as not to accidentally squish the Omega under his weight. He took Tony’s hand in his own and kissed his knuckles, selfishly taking the opportunity to kiss down his wrist and arm, up to his neck and cheek until he was hovering just above his lips. He could feel Tony’s breath mingling with his own, but guilt squeezed his throat and he backed down, instead ducking his head into the man’s neck. He could only take so much longer; Tony was tantalizing, teasing him and staying just out of his grasp where he could claim him. He
“Can’t sleep either?” Steve said sleepily, looking up at Tony and showing off the dark bags that had somehow appeared under his eyes.
“Y’know.”
Steve nodded, sleepily nuzzling Tony’s neck as they stumbled back to camp, chilled to the bone. Tony had to peel him off a few times so he could put on new logs, but eventually he settled on having a super soldier leech until the fire was roaring enough to start to dry them both.
Tony opened his mouth to object, but at Natasha’s stern look, he knew to at least think about it. Looking down at the boy in his arms, he grumbled under his breath, fiddling with the blanket the child was wrapped in.
“His mother was a local woman. Mary. A farmer’s daughter,” Tony said quietly, reaching up to stroke the back of his finger down Peter’s cheek, “She was one of the smartest people I have ever met. It was difficult for her, since Howard put so many gendered rules into place. We found camaraderie in her seeking knowledge and my need for validation in going against my father’s wishes. She picked up math and science easily, and we worked on various projects together, but we never thought of each other in a romantic sense. Even if it was not forbidden, we were friends, nothing more.”
Steve was quiet for a moment, brows furrowed as he nibbled on his lip in thought. He turned to Tony and took both of his hands in his own, squeezing them lightly as he smiled softly.
Slowly, Tony moved over to one side of the bed, easily tugging Steve down to lay with him. He smiled when he chose to lay his head on Tony’s stomach, curling half of his body over Tony’s chest and legs. Tony combed his fingers through Steve’s hair and grimaced, flicking the sand off of his fingers and onto the floor.
“Reading time? Alright, let me get adjusted here and we can read a little. Do you mind if Auntie Pep stays?”
“Come along, Mr. Barton. Let’s get you cleaned up,” he said while managing to corral him out without getting cake onto anything.
He grabbed Steve’s flailing hand and gave it a quick squeeze, pulling him into the room and kicking the door shut behind him. It took a few minutes, but eventually Tony managed to lead Steve over to his large bed, backing him up until the backs of his legs hit the edge. Steve sat, his hand still firmly stuck over his eyes.
Steve’s head shot up at that.
“You’re damn right it won’t happen again, boy,” his Father said coolly, motioning to him with the bottle in his hand, “If it does, you’ll get more than that.”
“Sorry, buddy. I keep scaring him away from you, huh? I don’t mean to,” he apologized softly, attempting to keep PJ calm by rubbing circles on his back, “He’ll be back later. I think. I can have J ask him to come get you, okay? Do you wanna stay with Papa for a bit?”
The boy giggled, which made Tony smile, despite knowing Steve and Natasha were having a silent face-conversation. He pulled back from Natasha to crouch down to PJ’s level, showing him the clothes.
“Yes, yes, my littlest love, I am here,” Tony soothed in the Southern dialect, gingerly sitting down at Steve’s desk so he could shuffle the baby up under his shirt to feed, “So needy. Hopefully, you will sleep for Uncle Rhodey and not give him a fuss, hm?”
“I am fine, I promise. I got lost in thought is all,” he said, “Really. I cannot help that it sours sometimes.”
Once he could reach out to touch Steve, he spread his left palm over the center of his chest, feeling the stiff body paint shift on his skin. It flaked off and fell to the floor, immediately causing a plan to pop into his brain. Before he could talk himself out of it, Tony moved his hand to take hold of Steve’s wrist, pulling on him to guide him into the bathroom and close the door behind them.
The voice close to his left ear made Tony jump and squeak in surprise, clapping his hands over his mouth to try and stuff the noise back in. He turned, having to look up at the boy who scared him. No bigger than a popsicle stick—at least, in Tony’s mind—the boy had blond hair that fell into his eyes, causing him to constantly brush it away. He was wearing suspenders, which Tony was proud to say he knew how to say
“Not until you tell me what’s wrong,” the engineer insisted, staring at the other with narrowed eyes, “Or I’ll get Nat up here to interrogate it out of you.”
“Don’t you scare me like that ever again, Anthony Stark,” Steve whispered harshly, clearly upset from the ordeal, “I can’t—how long? How long have you been hiding—”
Tony grinned. “Only Steve’s face, as usual. And he’s well--we got through another night without any accidents and we had a yummy breakfast already.”
—Sorry, Dummy just tried to help PJ escape out of his playpen. I had to build that, y’know, the kid can tear up kid toys like nothing I’ve ever seen. I was totally right about the super strength, so he’s definitely your kid—”
Steve nodded jerkily, and with Bucky’s help, stood up in the sand, carrying Tony bridal-style in his arms. They moved together toward the approaching helicopter, shielding themselves and Tony from the incoming onslaught of blown sand. With the help of the medics, they managed to get Tony strapped to a spinal board, hefting him and themselves onto the copter for extraction. Steve trusted his team and SHIELD to take care of the crash site, allowing him to fully focus on his husband, looking a little more lifeless with each passing second. He gently took Tony’s hand and squeezed it, only to be interrupted by someone clearing their throat.
They rode for what felt like hours, never once dropping out of a gallop until the sounds of battle were gone. Even then, they pressed on until Clint felt comfortable enough to slow down to a trot, but he still kept his bow drawn. Tony felt drained, and Peter did not seem to be doing much better, as he was whimpering against his father’s neck.
Bruce, Steve, and Clint filtered back into the room, sitting with their respective parties. Tony noticed that the others seemed fairly comfortable, but turning to Steve, the Captain was unusually distracted, flicking through his Starkpad.
Steve rolled his eyes and moved to help Tony set up the system, which really meant holding all of the remotes as Tony flicked through them. Since he didn’t even own a television, his own knowledge of electronics was scarce, so he wasn’t much help.
Turning to look up at Tony, Steve gave him a confused look.
“I’m okay, sweet thing. Daddy’s just got some issues to work out,” he sighed, propping his elbow on his knee and his chin in his hand.
“We’re on a break,” he said carefully.
“I do not need details,” Bruce said quickly, face turning pink, “I am happy to look after him for a bit… but do you really want to hand him off to me and not your friend?”
Tony waited for PJ to put his hand on his palm again before slowly moving toward the bathroom on the main floor. Every few steps, the boy glanced back, dragging his feet a little.
The water in the bathroom shut off and he froze, silently praying to any deity out there that Steve did not notice his problem and went about his day. Of course, the heavens seemed to have it out for him, as the Alpha merely returned to Tony’s bedside and climbed into the single bed, having to spoon up against Tony’s back to make them fit. Tony squeaked as Steve slipped an arm over his waist and pulled him in, leaning up to kiss the spot behind Tony’s ear as he settled down.
“He doesn’t have one,” Bucky said.
“Go and make sure you’re cleaned up,” she subvocalized, slipping one of her smallest knives into his hand, “There’s a kit back there for patching when you’re done.”
“Oh,” Steve said, a flush darkening his cheeks and the tips of his ears, “Sorry.”
“You get hair down there?” Steve whispered to Tony, looking a little mortified at the thought, “Isn’t—isn’t that
“I’m an idiot,” Steve finally wheezed, clapping his right hand to his left pec as if to steady himself, “Oh, god, Tony, no. I’m so sorry, I didn’t—it didn’t even occur to me that you’d think I didn’t want to be around you. God, no, I love being around you. I don’t know how anyone wouldn’t want to be.”
Allowing same-designation relations was unheard of in the Southern cities, going so far as to require the workers at the brothels to only service differently designated customers. If at any time a child were to arise from such relations, whether in the brothel or outside of, the child would be taken from their parents and dashed upon the stones in the city square to be made into an example. Then, if the parents were bonded, their bond was forcibly broken by the birther being hung first, then the life giver having their throat slit. It was bloody and gruesome, and Tony knew that being a royal could not save him from the laws his own father was all too joyful to establish in their own city.
Steve pushed that thought away but kept the point. But he also considered the reconnection to be better because coming alone and facing his mistake one on one would hopefully show his dedication to making things right even more prominent.
Sam stared intently at the side of Steve’s face.
“So i want you to know that i do forgive you, and never want you to feel like i wont come to that barn at Clints farm to see you at your worst and pick you up as many times as you needed without question, like youve always done for me. Even when you didnt.”
“Dont hate me for this later.” Tony said, almost as a side thought before he closed the space between them and kissed Steve with what felt like a gesture that had waited a thousand years to happen.
Steve remembered what Tony had said when they came to him to discuss the time travel idea.
Steve wanted to put to rest the thought that Tony was trying to tell him now that these places existed, always have through everything, because he knew something bad was going to happen in the future. Even past Steves future there was always going to be something.
The funeral was still going but after standing vigil and watching the arc reactor bouquet float off into the lake, taking the rest of Tony with it, steve had to take a breather.
In this room were basic home things like couches, tables, tvs set up with Tonys tech but also metal boxes stacked up and cables falling in the corners of the room walls, surrounding glass encasements of five different iron man suits lined up.
“Me either” the man said, turning back to Steve. “Um its good to see you?”
He could feel Tonys body tense and shaking a little under him and he slowly pulled away but the brunette kept his face buried in steves broad shoulder, his other hand reaching up and twisting itself into Steves shirt.
“Sam” he said a little louder and vicious than he meant to, making the man jump.
The other man responded by slowly reaching out a hand, and Steve moved closer to him also reaching for his hand but very hesitantly like he might get his own bitten off.
“Oh come on, Cap. You’ve got yours and i get mine.
But he needed to make things right, and he also felt like he had just gone through 50 years of helpful therapy for the death of his (ex?)best friend just from the ten minutes he’s been standing like an idiot in front of him.
Steves eyes rolled as he felt Tonys nailed claw down his chest, to his waistline.
He pulled out of the Stark residence and headed south toward the city.
Steve was breathing hard into the mans neck as he kissed down it, stopping to suck hard at the base.
“Im not cooking so you boys are out of luck. Ive got a migraine and Morgan is finally sleeping.”
Steve figured that the reason he was this calm, while Steves was sure he had a heart attack and died already two minutes ago, was because the lady beat him to it. She probably came as a life line just in case he fucked up. Maybe he does fuck up..
His casual gate came to a halt and tony did too as he turned back to look at him.
“Youve got somewhere in mind?” Steve asked as he continued on the long driveway that emptied out onto a paved country back road.
Peppers finger came up to point right up the mans face.
Tony was just as out of breath. “Upstairs” he breathed before his mouth was back on Steves who simply held up Tony by his ass and the way he had his legs wrapped around his waist, and carried them both up the stairs with his god given super strength. The two never pulling apart before Steve hit a closed door and Tony reached behind his back with a hand he let go with and twisted the knob.
“I dont know how much longer ill have you.” Tony said, keeping his eyes locked on steves.
“Steve?” Tony Stark said as he stepped out onto the porch facing the other man who stood almost ridged and he was flooded with about a million emotions at once. Tonys broken, dying body from the fight flashed in front of his eyes only to fade with a very much alive Tony being left in its wake.
Tony hears himself say. It sounds underwater, almost. Steve throws up a questioning eyebrow, tilting his head slightly in confusion. He takes a step forward. It scares Tony, knowing that Steve might not actually be here.
These days at Nat and Buck’s absolutely fill Tony’s heart. Seeing Bucky balance Peter in all sorts of ways: on top of his shoulders, on one shoulder, bouncing him on his knees at the table. Watching Natasha tickle Peter until he’s squealing, watching him fall asleep on her chest, soft breaths escaping his lips. Most importantly, something in Tony’s chest clenches when he sees Steve, passed out on the couch with his knees nearly tucked into his chest. It happens without fail every single time when they head to their friends’ house. Steve and Tony pawn their sweet baby over and Steve manages to always catch up on some extra sleep.
Tony sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose, and then running his hand through his hair and behind his neck. “Steve, I get it, I really do, but c’mon, I’m okay, it’s just a fever.” He defends.
But an hour later when Peter falls asleep against his side and Tony falls asleep with his head in Steve’s lap, snoring so softly with a hand clutching Steve’s sweatshirt, well, that’s the only explanation he needs.
“Oh. Yeah, bubblegum medicine.” Steve plays along, and when Peter can’t see, holds up Tylenol and cough drops.
Tony is cleaning the countertop skillfully with one hand as he holds Peter in his other arm against his body. He sways with him gently to the music, despite its’ upbeat rhythm.
“Thanks, Tasha.” Tony says softly, admiring his sleeping son.
“What’d you wish for?” Steve questions like an excited little kid.
“I love you.”
“Please, Uncle Bucky wouldn’t dare let this punk get hurt on his watch.”
Tony is tired. Tony is sleep deprived and usually cranky. Tony hasn’t gotten laid in exactly 13 days. Tony has gotten used to drool on his forearms and getting sneezed and coughed on.
Peter is squealing, attempting to hurdle towards Bucky, but his short, stumpy legs and unbalanced gait only get him so far before he’s tripping over himself and falling palms first on the driveway.
He nearly hurdles over his work bench to where Steve is gasping on the other side.
Tony pouts, frown in full force. “You never look that interested to hear me talk about sciencey things.”
Tony is thankful its’ over, why is this a birthday ritual if it’s this uncomfortable? Singing happy birthday should have be eradicated a long time ago. He blows out the candles on his birthday pancakes to please the rest of the avengers. Bruce is able to snag the candles out of the pancakes before Tony starts cutting them up with anything except grace.
Steve reaches a hand up and cups one of Tony’s cheeks. “Is Pete ready to go?” His voice is so groggy and so sweet. Tony nods, placing his hand over Steve’s.
Steve takes a leap of faith, it’s all he can ever do with Tony: He reaches out gently and wraps his hand around Tony’s left wrist, putting his screwing of metals to a halt. His fingers always wrap around completely, so securely over Tony’s thin wrists. He pulls lightly, pulls Tony just enough to turn him so he can take his right wrist in his other hand.
Steve just runs his hands up and down Tony’s arms for a moment, soaking in the love of his life standing before him, sleep deprived and truthfully, a mess.
"Did you come down here just to call me a shitty boyfriend? I forgot that memo. Pepper didn't remind me it was anti-Tony day, although I should be used to it, I guess, eh?" Tony is mindlessly rambling to himself as he fiddles with ripping a screw out of another metal piece.
The rest of the team hands off gifts one by one, Tony is pleased with all of them. Each year, they seem to get more creative. Tony assumes Steve wants to give him his gift alone; that’s been the routine the past few years.
Steve nods in confirmation. "I haven't. I just got so worked up and I was so frustrated - with you - I mean, not that it matters. But I was. But still, I didn't even think I had asthma anymore. I run all the time, crush and punch aliens and bad guys and Bucky half the time...and I haven't ever felt like that, not since before the serum. Not since I was younger." He runs a hand over his face and through his blonde locks.
“What? Oh – no, sweetheart. No, you did it perfectly!” He bends down to place a kiss on Peter’s head, who is currently beaming with pride.
He's still talking to himself as Steve feels his throat constrict. Steve goes to inhale a deep breath and is met with utter and complete panic when he finds he is unable to do so. He tries again, chest rising with no relief of oxygen. His throat constricts yet again as he croaks out Tony's name weakly.
He pulls Tony up the stairs by the hand and soon enough, Tony is at the kitchen table, half asleep, awaiting food. The second Steve places the plate in front of him, Tony can’t help the way he savagely scarfs down the sandwich.
“Stooooopp,” Tony whines, muffled into the pillow, voice hoarse and cracking.
“Baby, let me see your hands,” Tony ‘overprotective parent’ Stark jogs up to Pete in Bucky’s arms and gently pries his palms up. Peter giggles and claps his hands together as Tony sighs in relief.
It sometimes alarms him just how much he cares, how much he would do for Steve.
“First, you rob me of a birthday blowjob, and now a gift, I’d say that’s a hate crime.”
Steve pulls away, a hand straying on one of Tony’s shoulders and another cradling his cheek, running a thumb along Tony’s cheekbone softly. “Me too, baby.” His stare lingers for a moment before he turns to pop open the velvet box. With shaky fingers, he’s pulling the ring out of the box.
“You know you still haven’t even told me what the special day is,” Tony teases, not looking at Steve. Before he can process what’s happening, Steve is on top of him, straddling him with a knowing smirk on his face. He leans down, lips ghosting over Tony’s mouth, hands delicately placed on his neck.
“That’s what Nat always says, and yet he came home with a bleeding lip last time.” Tony retorts, deadpanned expression on his face.
“You could be a loving husband and hand it to me, I am ill after all,” Tony quips, taking the cough drop out of Steve’s hand and practically inhaling it.
“I mean it every time I say it and you know it.” Steve presses harder, placing a hand on the table Tony is working on – there’s grime and oil and residue everywhere and Steve would grimace at the texture on any other day. Tony looks disheveled, appearance matching the work bench. His hair is wild – a haircut needed about two weeks ago. Curls are peeking behind his ears, and there’s a streak of oil on his right cheek. His lips are slightly chapped and Steve notes a slight shaking of Tony’s fingers as he delicately works.
Tony can’t help his own frown that finds its’ way onto his face. “It’ll be okay, pal. I’ll be better before you know it, okay? Don’t have too much fun without me, boys.” He says the last part mostly to Steve with a small smile. Steve manages to hold Peter in his left arm against his side and tucks Tony back in with his right arm.
Before Tony didn’t know about his parents, Bucky, Bucky, Bucky. The way that Steve had hurdled his shield into Tony’s chest –
And while Steve is always gorgeous to Tony, he’s definitely seen some better days.
Peter reaches for Steve’s sweatshirt drawstrings and pulls lightly with his chubby fingers and Tony turns the music off. Peter mumbles more baby jargon to Steve and Steve listens like it’s his one, single job. Like his life depends on it.
"And that's it?" Steve raises an eyebrow despite Tony's sucking on his pulse point.
The ability to lift or carry anything with muscles the size of tree trunks.
He’s younger, Tony can tell, because he doesn’t look at exhausted or worn down. He looks optimistic, gentle, maybe even relieved or calm. He’s not in his most updated and recent Captain America uniform, but one from 2012, so childish and silly now, after everything Tony has seen.
Tony's head snaps up and he drops the piece of metal. "Steve?"
It’s a bunch of shot glasses, each one with a different avenger on it. They’re actually real cool, Tony has to admit. Normally he couldn’t care less about the various ways companies try to profit off of them through merchandise, but hey, he could use these.
"In case you yell at me from in there because I keep using your body wash or whatever." Tony defends, leaning in to place a soft kiss on Steve's collarbone.
“Singing lessons. For all of you. Minus Bruce. He’s a good tenor.” Tony points his fork at Bruce and they share a warm smile.
Steve stirs, the same way he always does. Eyes bleary, squeezing shut before fluttering open. His arms stretch almost in slow motion and he kicks both legs out, all his joints popping almost alarmingly.
"We're keeping inhalers all over this damn house. I mean it. Even in the bathroom." Tony scolds softly into Steve's ear.
“You’d make a cute little housewife, y’know that?” Tony grins against his cup of coffee.
“And you’d make a sweet dad helpin’ his kid with the science project.” Steve replies, sitting back in his chair, arms crossed.
“And yet, you married me. Sucks to be you.” Tony ends with a classic and beaming, know-it-all grin. Steve is obsessed.
Tony blinks. He stares at Steve, lips slightly parted. And before he can even ask “what the fuck?” Steve is pulling a velvet box out of his jeans pocket and innocently placing it in front of Tony.
Sure enough, when they all enter the house, Nat is finishing her protection for Peter by putting the rockband drumsticks on a high shelf and putting some cords behind the TV.
“Hey –” Steve places his hands on Tony’s hips and pulls them apart. “You hear what I said to you?” His lips curl slightly, taking the edge off the conversation, but still needing clarity that Tony understands how much he really fucking cares.
Wormhole?
He tilts his head at them, shoots them a classic “I hate all of you” look, and then they’re all grinning with amusement, parting ways to get their respective gifts.
“Alright, Pete, we gotta let Pops rest, you know that,” Steve warns, pulling out the thermometer for Tony again. He unwraps a cough drop with one hand and pokes Tony in the cheek with it, fumbling with the thermometer with his other hand.
But Tony is happy. Tony has a family. Tony and Steve find time to have movie nights and cuddle and brush their teeth side by side still, and it’s enough for the time being. Tony gets to watch from the doorway when Steve reads Peter “Goodnight Moon” for the 8th time that week.
“Me first!” Peter all but yells, running into the kitchen, practically throwing himself in the same chair as Tony.
“Yes, yes, okay, sorry,” Steve almost laughs, but truthfully, he cannot imagine how tired Tony must really be. He’s already betting Tony will be snoring soundly the second the lights are off and he is pressed into Steve’s front, wrapped tightly in his arms.
Tony’s confused. Because he isn’t okay. After all, he died.
Domesticity. That is the word Steve has become obsessed with.
Eventually, late in the afternoon, Nat is helping Tony gather up Peter and his belongings and tucking him into his car seat as he sleeps soundly.
Steve takes a thumb and wipes the remaining tears off and grins back.
Tony curls into himself, blankets engulfing him. “That sounds fair. I’ve had my other husband for awhile now.” He smirks to himself and receives a head shake from Steve in return. Steve adjusts Peter in his arms and the two of them exit the bedroom, leaving Tony giggling to himself.
“Language, Anthony!” Sarah admonished him as he ran back onto the field, giggling.
“This is where we store our armor and weapons… at least, the extra ones. The Warlords usually carry their regular weaponry on themselves at all times,” Bruce explained, “It looks a little empty right now due to them being away on a mission.”
He was not sure how he felt about two still strange men looking at his baby in such a private manner. However, after lifting up Peter’s gown and checking the undergarment, he almost too willingly handed the babe back to Steve with a nod.
“Just go with your man, Tones. I handled you as a halfling, I can handle your equally-as-tiny offspring,” Rhodey interrupted with a sly grin, “Go christen the flower beds.”
Tony slid his eyes over to glance at Thor and Bucky, then back to Natasha, who was quietly handing each of them small pieces of cardstock and a marker.
. It’ll…it’ll take some time, and it might not even be this month that you get comfortable, but one day you’ll wake up and you won’t feel so scared anymore. We’re kind of experts on the whole new-world scenario, so.”
“It—It may hinder his growth. Other than that, no. If anything, it’s strengthened that area. He’ll just be very sensitive about the area.”
“…Stuff. Things. Stuff and things. Look, Wilson, what’s it to ya, anyway?” Tony continued stubbornly, “Am I my Captain’s keeper?”
Tony groaned and smacked his face on the table, letting out a deep sigh.
“Believe me, I will not let him touch a hair on his head,” Bucky added, “Everyone is safe, Tony.”
He shifted Peter slightly to kiss his temple as he felt pride surge from Steve’s side of the bond. The Alpha always preened when either he or Peter accomplished something, like a proud momma bird watching her fledglings fly. At first, it had been a little insulting since Steve had not really contributed to their growth, but now the feeling only served to warm his heart. As Steve once explained--in a jerky, shy voice--he does not feel like he has done anything, he merely is pleased to see that his bonded and baby have blossomed and grown since their arrival. Tony had rolled his eyes then. Now, he understood the reason to celebrate, as they had gotten a full night’s rest without any interruptions.
“Still. I should have said no to bonding so soon. I should have asked you to wait, made sure you were confident in your decision--”
“And chubby cheeks,” Tony confirmed, giggling when Rhodey lightly pinched his side.
“American civilian was captured by Afghani terrorists, not far from our location. They wouldn’t tell us who, but its someone with enough money to send us in,” Bucky sighed, “They said it looked like an easy in-and-out, and it’d be good press for the Army.”
Steve seems absolutely unphased by the whole ordeal, and if that doesn’t sum up parenthood, Tony doesn’t know what does.
“Happy birthday to you!” Nat, Thor, Bruce, Scott, Peter, Clint, Rhodey, and of course, Steve, awkwardly finishing singing in odd and various harmonies.
“I think Stevie’s got some separation anxiety,” Tony defends, lovingly looking over to Steve, who is sheepishly scratching the back of his neck.
He sits on the edge of couch, barely able to fit as Steve’s sprawled body takes up a majority of the space. Tony runs a hand along Steve’s spine and gives a light tap on his shoulder.
He frowns at the thermometer and Peter notices. “Daddy, did I do it wrong?”
Steve just laughs and runs a hand up and down Tony’s back for a moment. Clint and Nat are fumbling around in the kitchen with a plastic bag before they’re coming to the table with all kinds of nonsense Tony is bound to hate.
“Not as much as I love you.” Tony states through the drowsiness in his voice. And he’s never meant something so much in his life.
Tony is fiddling with something on his work bench as he scoffs. “Do what, Cap?” He sounds exhausted, halfway delirious, Steve knows the tone by now, knows the song and dance to how this will play out.
“I came back.” Tony says.
If morning breath wasn’t a thing, Tony might’ve just kissed the look right off Steve’s face.
Steve smirks to himself, arms crossed as his four-year-old son stands in front of him. Peter looks like he has opened a new dimension as he stares at the wall of various adult medicines in front of him. Steve was definitely supposed to be in and out of here as quickly as possible to care for a currently sick Tony at home, but he adores the sight of his toddler gawking at everything before him.
“Little man, they’re supposed to go in your mouth,” Tony wipes drool off Peter’s chin with his thumb, and then goes to retrieve the broom (which is now always, thankfully, in close proximity). He sweeps up all the cheerios and tosses them, coming back with froot loops this time. He pours a few in front of Peter and watches him repeat the motions again.
“Hm, bubblegum kind, yeah?” Steve questions, eventually scooping Peter up in his arms and settling him on his hip. He gently brushes a few stray curls off Peter’s forehead.
“My little man!” Bucky all but cheers when Tony, Steve, and Peter walk towards the front door.
Steve sighs and lifts his head up to look at Tony. "I'm sorry. That - God, I don't even know what that was!" He looks defeated, almost embarrassed. Tony feels empathy wash over him.
Steve shrugs Tony’s hand off. “Comments like that won’t get you birthday blowjobs.” He says flatly, crossing his arms.
"You're seeing me right now." Tony says with a nail between teeth, screwing two metal plates together.
“Is that a yes?” Tony quips, voice low and raspy, still full of sleep as he sits up, rubbing Steve’s shoulder with one hand and rubbing the sleep out of his eye with the other.
Tony practically sighs in relief. “Good! Would finally give me and my sunshine here some alone time.” He wraps an arm around Steve’s waist and draws him in tightly, their hips knocking together.
The soldier was wondering what was going on in Tonys mind as the man beside him was weirdly calm, and uncharacteristically quiet, as he gazed out his side window.
He swallowed and forced his voice to stay at a reasonable tone.
Her death made him a whole different kind of sick. Sick with grief and a yearning to go back and see her and at least say goodbye.
He heard a click to his left and a dim light cam in above his head, followed by more, one at a time, around the room. A kind of living room housing set up was illuminated in soft light as the room came to life.
“I wish you came here for anything else”
The two men eventually got up and started back to the house. The day was getting short and Tony figured Pepper would be wondering but honestly the woman had probably been waiting for this as long as he had been wanting it. Tony honestly thought she was tired of seeing him brood over it.                      Not that hed tell Steve that.
And Tony wanted Steve to know about them, just in case. But that ‘just in case’ struck a deep cord that planted ice at his core, an idea that Tony knew why steve was here, and what had happened to himself even if he didnt know the details...
He wanted so much to walk up to that door and make him his. He wanted him just like he did a long time ago. And he could of if he had not fucked up so bad. He should of just been honest, not risk losing Tony’s trust as well as the man all together
A look passed quickly on Peppers face that sent a brief pang of guilt through his stomach. But thats exactly what he was here for.
The way it came out almost sounded sadly hopeful and when Steves eyes met Tonys he saw almost a lifetime of want and forgiveness in those deep, frustratingly intelligent brown eyes.
He would of course return the stones but not quite come back to this time so soon. He had as long as he needed in there and Steve had turned over the timelines over and over in his head trying to figure out the perfect one  to go back and make amends with Tony. Hell just to see him again.
Chapter 2
Steves heart twisted at the memory and recalled a whole night of just the two of them holding onto each other in a way that meant they were always there to stay.
“Um no. We are taking mine because there is never any room in any of your tiny cabbed sports missiles”
“I promise.” Tony gave her that billion dollar smile and shoved his keys in his pocket.
“Do you know when they are going to decide who and when they are gonna take the stones back?” Steve said, his eyes forward as he sped up to merge into the speeding traffic.
“But i wanted to talk to you about something.” Tonys voice ripped him from his thoughts and Steves heart pounded at the connection between the question and his recent ideation.
“Its really good to see you, Steve.”
Tony put his arms behind his back as he sauntered over to steve, not looking at the man like he was very interested in the decor.
The “road” suddenly stopped as trees stood firm at all sides, the solid trunks blocking Steves path.
Steve kept his eyes locked on Tony as he clenched his hand to keep them from shaking.
Steve decided to keep this thought to himself. If it worked out he couldn’t risk someone trying to stop him.
He needed to get it together. But he also sparked at an idea of just leaving out the side door and driving away. He really just couldn’t be here anymore and everyone was grieving. He could too.
He shook his head and quickly took his foot off the gas, watching the speedometer drop down ten miles. He hadn’t realized the way those thoughts made him tense up so much.
“Do you remember us?”
He wanted to say both but it was a heavily tipped hat to the nervously stalling side.
Tony looked back at her and aimed a casual finger at the blond in front of him, who still couldn’t get his shit together.
But Tony didnt seem in a horrible mood.
“Why? What are you thinking?”
Pepper could be edging on scary when she meant business.
Chapter 5
“Access granted, Hello boss.” The familiar feminine voice of the Tony’s AI rang out before the dark wall moved upward into itself. Steve could see a smirk playing on Tonys face as he disappeared into the dark. Steve followed quickly, “Hey, wait”
The screen door shut behind her and Steve was left with an eyebrow in the air on Tonys face. Two deep brown eyes seemed to stare into his soul and he quickly looked away, fearing that Tony might be able to look deeply enough and see the future from which he had come.
They both arrived back at Tonys house, coming in to a delighted, busy Pepper. She smiled brightly at Steve when she saw him again and even came up and hugged him tightly before she pulled back and held his face in her hands.
But it was beautiful and even though the sky had gotten slighty overcast the day was still bright and it just illuminated everything.
“Now both of you get out of here with your angst, im taking a damn nap”
Especially Steves heart and mind alike. He wanted to breath out this huge breath of stress that he had been in for the years after him and Tony fell out, the years after thanos and all the shit that came after. He wanted to stay in this time. Stay here and never go back but this was all before they won. People were still missing and nobody knew what was to come.
It wasn’t accusatory or hostile but a genuine question.
Steve heart was pounding as he opened the door and stepped out just kind of standing behind his car door trying to decide of he was taking in the moment or nervously stalling.
Steve adjusted his suit and then pressed the dial on his wrist which enabled the time suit to engulf his body.
“Uh w-what?”
When Steve’s eyes met Sam’s again he saw sympathy and noticed the way he stood. He was tired too.
“Im adjusting” he corrected. “Moving in to my new place, keeping up with Sam and his program for the Veterans. Been also watching the news and keeping up with some of the good things happening now that..we won”
But the one and only just simply smiled very small. Guarded but still a smile.
But as they slowly interlocked hands and once Tony had a solid grip on the mans arm he yanked him in and held him close.
Upstate Newyork faded behind him as he headed out toward the country and it didn’t take very long to reach the lake house, probably because of how fast Steve had been going. Little too much pedal to the metal but his heart was racing and his anticipation was through the roof.
Tony buried his face back into steves shoulder and sniffled.
And Tony had never, ever, seen or even thought that Steve Rogers, Captain America and the leader and soul of the Avengers, could look like this.
And now hes wallowing in what should of been and what he should of done better while he sits in Tonys house, the mans funeral going on beyond the bathroom walls.
Tony was biting Steves bottom lip before thrusting his tongue past his teeth.
Tony had started to walk down the few steps toward Steve and he had just gotten to the bottom when Steve just about all lost control of his body when he rushed forward and embraced the other man.
Steve swore he just got whiplash from all of the emotions and the few words that just slapped him in the face.
He reached and turned on the sink facet and let the cold water run as he looked up at himself again. Pathetic, he thought as he cupped his hands under the stream to spash the water in his face, through his hair.
His plan was to just head to his car and try not to make contact with anyone. Though sam had come with him and Steve was sure hed appreciate his ride not leaving without him. But Steve didnt want to linger so he headed down the hall from the bathroom and to the back screen door.
Now as he drove he figured he would have to tell Tony about how he was from another time but it was important to leave out most of the details. Especially the ones about winning the war against Thanos, Tony being the one to successfully make time travel possible and of course Tonys inevitable death.
“You are too” he retorted.
He wanted time with tony so hed give it two years before the time travel plan.
“Tony?” He whispered because he felt the need to be quiet given the atmosphere that was almost eery.
He had originally thought to touch down directly in front of Tonys lake house, just kind of showing up but he redirected earlier so he could at least borrow his own means of transportation.
“But there is so much that i need to say, that i have needed to say. Everything that you never deserved to live with after i fucked up.” His voice shook with inwardly faced anger along with the emotions he had bottled up for all those years and why he never said them.
“Hey.” Steve whispered, slowly pulling away and moving his hand from Tonys back slowly up his neck to cup his cheek making him look up and his face broke Steves heart.
He kept his eyes on Tonys, realizing that the mans eyes had started to form a glassy film as they too started to water. But his expression stayed firm.
Steve was about to ask what he might have been thinking about but Tony spoke up first.
He glanced to his right at Steve who, bless him, was still ghostly pale. Tony threw a mental treat to his ego, because of course he would have figured it out even if given a different circumstance.
“What changed, Tony?”
“Lets fix that” tony said in a way that made Steve shudder
“Hey cap, i need to breathe”
His eyes strained in the disappearing light to follow the dark coated figure in front of him when suddenly a faint blue light lit up about ten feet from him. The light illuminated Tonys face as the man was looking down at what seemed to be a screen built into a hidden wall.
“Thats great!” Bruce said enthusiastically but Steve knew he was also keeping it together for the team but the optimism was much needed for all of them. They all needed each other but Steve needed to do this.
Steve had been in many wars, whether it be the world war of 1939 or the new world wars against alien forces with the avengers after hed come out of the ice. Seen lots of destruction, death following in its wake that always had the power to shake this super solider to his core. But through the trauma and the aftermath, steve always got up. His mothers voice always echoing through his heart. He kept fighting and learned to put the people, ones he couldn’t save, neatly in his past.
There were what looked like doorways at the far side as well as a stair case that went upward to his right, next to the suits.
His voice didn’t change for the next words which shook Steve too the bone; “probably because you eventually never had the chance to.”
Steve nodded and gave a quick “yes ma’am”
“Yeah, theres a few more scattered in various places. But thats not important.”
“Weve got blue prints up and materials ordered to make the travel platform and Rocket, me and scott have been starting on it. We are gonna work as fast as we can hoping to have it done within the next two days.”
But this war, the last they would ever see of Thanos and his army, he will never shake from neither his mind nor his body. And it all boiled down to watching his best friend and a missed shot at almost lover, Tony Stark, die.
Tony seemed calm, almost too calm as his dark eyes moved back to the calm lake in front of them, his arms coming to rest behind him as he leaned back.
He needed this. He needed to see them this way and have this moment.
Steve nodded and they proceeded to get in the car, Steve in the drivers seat as he thought how he would take Sam home but not stay. Not at Sams, but not going to his own house either. They all hadn’t stayed in the avengers compound for years and then the past 5 they stayed there, trying to piece together and keep their hope. But it had been destroyed by Thanos and it made him sick thinking of staying in it if it had still been standing.
“What do you mean?”
Seeing his car at the far side of the driveway, hugging the grass line to give other vehicles of people who came to the funeral more room to park, he headed in that direction as he stepped out the door.
Steve took a deep inward breath, trying to put on his Captain face and hold this responsibility but it came nowhere near close to coming out like that.
He was so distressed and Steve had never seen him so out of character, shaking and muttering and clutching his head like he wanted to break it. Like he wanted to crush the images Wanda put in his head.
“Hi, honey. Wasn’t expecting you here” she said as her gaze drifted to Tony almost quizzically.
Okay maybe he couldnt do this. At least not exactly how he planned.
(Tony’s POV)
Tony just smiled and shook his head as he ushered Steve out the door.
Go back..
“Somewhere i want to keep secret so i cant tell you”
First of all.
Holograms twitched and threw screens on the walls of various places steve recognized as the avengers building, Tonys house, a highway with live streamed cars, and several other places where cameras, Steve assumed, were placed and directing a live feed.
Steves heart was pounding. He must of fucked up. No he did fuck up, somewhere, somehow. Shit. This was bad. What would this do?
“No Captain America”
And that was after he tried to invite them over for dinner. Steve had a feeling Tony had wanted him to come. Had wanted to see Steve again but he wasnt going to be the first to make that move. First, Steve was the one at fault. And two, Tonys pride is not something that anything less than a blind man couldnt see.
“Ah, jesus! Dont break it!” Tonys distressed voice came out of the dark right in front of him as the hand retorted. Steve quickly let go.
“Actually, we are going out.” He said, much to Steves confusion.
Two cars from his own he heard his name to his right and turned his head to find Sam wading between cars to get to him.
He wanted it to be after the situation with Bucky. After his fuck up. Because he couldn’t stop what was going to happen that day and so he needed to make it right after the fact.
Steve looked away out of shame. “Yeah. I just cant be here anymore”
“Steve youre speeding.”
Steves blood went ice cold.
Steve let out a huge breath. “As long as youll have me.”
This made steve even more of a wreck but he took a really deep breath and stood as straight as he could, looking deep into Tonys eyes.
Steve really did see that way at that point. He knew Bucky had been brainwashed and ran because he wasn’t gonna be able to get people to see reason after all the things Bucky had done in his state. But he also acted too fiercely in his old friends favor because in a way he was from his old time, his original time and the last of anyone he considered family.
Steve remembered his nerves getting the best of him as he he sat at the table with Nat, watching two of clints kids try to draw some sort of image the fastest, with nat being the judge. He got up and made his way outside, the farm and the perfect day like a joke against what was happening outside of it, as he walked into the barn stalls, originally trying to get out of his head but found Tony against a sleeping tractor pulling at his hair, as he was far to deep in his own.
Chapter 3
The mans shoulders were slightly hunched, but very tight and Tony could tell that his expression was trying its hardest to stay composed but failed and only looked like struggle and pain before it completely fell and Steves red rimmed, tear laced blue eyes stared directly into Tonys heart and he felt his chest constrict.
Steve even cracked a small smile.
One ragged but deep breath can from the shorter man.
Steve gave a small silent nod as thoughts continued to race. His foot on the gas pedal had become stiff and he realized he was speeding.
After “stealing” his car from outside the old avengers facility he started for Tonys new residence.
“Steves here” he said.
“Good luck, Cap” before he was shoved out into his first location.
Steve stuttered, wiping his nose and shoving his hands in his back pockets to keep him in one place. His heart pounded and his skin felt on edge with more anxiety as he stepped back from Tony hoping to god he didnt completely blow it.
Moments of laughter and joy spent between the two men in between the disasters and horrors they knew they could dive into together and come up the other side just the same.
But in his shock and to his surprise he felt Tonys hand on his knee.
Steve shrugged as he started to walk into the center of the room, his eyes tracing the rivets and groves on the metal floor that indicated it opened with probably more space underneath.
Steve pulled away breathless, “you got a bedroom here?”
“I dont want you to worry about it. Tread lightly.” He smiled, giving Steves knee a reassuring squeeze. “My only real question is though, how long are you staying?”
Still, he had this chance and he was gonna use it.
Hed kept his self together for the people who needed it during the funeral, the people who couldnt see the leader, the one with all the optimism, the one always coming to the table with a plan and a solid speech on how to execute it and make the victorious end a reality, break and know there was no coming back from this one. But holding himself up with a grip on each side of the sink he let himself fall apart. He wanted to scream but his voice only came out in sobs that racked his body as he choked for air through the tears.
“Yeah.” His voice was barely a whisper
“Tony..?”
Steve swallowed and blinked hard to try and get the water from his eyes as he took a small step forward.
Did he tell him? How did he know that? Theres no way he told him. His mind raced through a million situations in about a nano second as he stared almost baffled. He couldn’t even casually play it off, at least not successfully.
“I know i probably should of called, i just-“ he forced out before being cut off by Pepper.
After the first intial shock factor, Steve sunk into the kiss and a feeling that was distressingly familiar.
“Youre a little overdressed.” Tony said into Steves ear as the other man kissed and breathed down his neck.
He could do this.
Sam ran a hand over his head, “last i heard Bruce said they would need to build a new travel platform, as well as wait for Scott to get the Pym vials. Nobody really said when but i would assume as soon as possible because returning the stones is a priority.”
Steve had all the time in the world to think about it now that Tony was dead and he honestly was going to kick his own ass a little harder if given the chance after hed gone back.
Steve swallowed nervously. Right, bruce was asking how he was feeling after the funeral. And he had been running through so many scenarios of seeing Tony again he forgot that he was dead.
“I just-, i dont-“ Steve wanted to rip his hair out. He honestly didnt know if this was or wasnt suppose to happen. Obviously she knew this would so she knew enough about what would happen to intervene before he got there.
“No reason. I like this place, in a very detached kind of way”
“I-im sorry. I just..uh Hey”
Steve quickly, but much to his internal disappointment to himself, let go and took a couple steps back trying, begging the emotions to stay in his eyes and not have them fall embarrassingly down his face.
