John looked back at Sherlock with a confused expression. To John, last night’s dinner was actually pleasant, but he was perplexed as to why Mycroft was being cold toward him again.
Wiggins jumped up from the sofa to follow Sherlock out into the hallway, down the stairs, and out onto the street to hail a hansom to Whitechapel. Not long after, they stopped in front of what looked to be an abandoned cemetery.
Sherlock turned slightly away from the fireplace. “Yes, Mycroft. Actually, I think the alone time will do me some good.”
Moriarty smiled. “Dr. Schuller. I’m pleased with the amount of work you’ve managed to accomplish in such a short amount of time. Well done.”
As the men descended the staircase, Mycroft appeared at the top of the landing, scrambling to put his robe on.
Detective Baynes kept his eyes on some paperwork related to the Carberry case as he heard his name being called from the doorway of his office.
Mycroft groaned again as he struggled to keep up with Sherlock now hobbling from the fall. Sherlock ignored his brother's pained protests as they walked back to the block behind the house to hail a hansom. Mycroft continued to complain about the fall and Sherlock’s pursuit of the facts all the way to the other side of the city until they arrived in the Whitechapel neighborhood, one of London’s poorest neighborhoods.
Gladstone sniffed the hat before taking off down the dock. John and Sherlock followed behind, managing to catch up with Gladstone who stopped to sniff in various areas before stopping to howl.
“Professor,” the man started up, “we can’t deal with Schuller. He’s too unstable. That’s why production was slow at the factory in the first place.”
“That sounds beautiful.” Sherlock stopped near the entrance of the parlor, pointing toward the source of the music.
Mr. McArthur showed Sherlock and John around a bit longer while ignoring that he was still dragging dirt throughout the house.
Soon after, John and Sherlock found themselves again in the sitting room, sitting across from Bridget who looked horrified.
Bridget nodded as she left through a theatrical flurry. About a minute or so after, Fedorov appeared looking just as gruff as he had been earlier.
“This is it, Holmes. This is it for us. We’re either going to be hanged or forced to live out the rest of our lives in Mycroft’s estate.” John’s own comment made him shudder; he wasn’t sure which one was the worse out of the two options which made him cringe even more.
Sherlock and John were standing next to Mr. McArthur in the oval room near a window overlooking the cemetery as the latter talked on and on about purchasing the house and the cemetery.
The three men jumped out of their chairs, running to the room as quickly as possible. Upon entering, they found both William and Mamhud shouting at the other. Bridget was in the corner, screeching from the commotion; her maid, Clara, was trying to console her. Mycroft was trying to wedge himself in between the two men whose argument had taken almost a physical turn.
Sherlock begrudgingly accepted the plate. “Mycroft, I’ve told you this many times before, but no.” He ended sharply, frustrated with the events that morning and his brother’s annoying persistence.
“And where are we going?” John inquired as he nearly toppled over from the force of Sherlock shoving him inside the hansom.
Sherlock laughed as he put his cap back on. “You know my methods, Lestrade.” He answered before leaving the sitting room.
Sherlock nodded once more, lingering a bit to indicate to John that he was doing his best not to devolve into a complete mess in public.
Sherlock lingered as he stayed staring down at the pendant. Lestrade frowned as he looked back at Mary and Mycroft. Mary sniffled as she took out a handkerchief from her purse and Mycroft rose from his chair to walk toward Lestrade’s desk.
John rolled his eyes. “You mean the medical conference I didn’t get to attend because of the train explosion and ensuing fight with thugs masquerading as train employees? That medical conference?”
Why, you ask? It’s well known, if you’re an avid crime scene follower, that Dr. John Watson can often be seen solving cases and “pursuing” justice with the so-called great Sherlock Holmes.
“That pendant, the eyewitness accounts? Please don’t tell me that’s all you have,” Lestrade unflinchingly countered, feeling himself channeling Sherlock’s ire, “and Dr. Watson has no prior history.”
James sighed loudly again. “I…gave…Pierre…the shoes. We knew each other back in Paris…” He turned slightly to look back at Pierre as his face turned red.
“My dear Watson. It seems as if you’ve forgotten the affinity toward charity your alma mater encourages in her graduates. Perhaps you missed the memo?”
“But…but…,” the heiress looked up at Sherlock, “there were signs that someone had broken into my room—”
After returning to Mycroft’s to change their attire, Sherlock, John, and Gladstone arrived at their intended destination. They came upon a dock that looked less frequented than the ones closer to the busier ports.
Sherlock was now at the door. “We should try this address.” But John reached out to stop him from leaving.
“Good evening, gentlemen.” Detective Baynes began. He looked around the room before spotting Lestrade sitting in the very back. Detective Baynes grinned slightly before continuing at the lectern.
John ignored his companion’s tone as he lite the oil lamp next to their bed. “Okay, if we sleep for a few hours, we’ll be okay.” He let out a relaxed sigh as he laid down on the bed, his body still aching from the day’s events.
On another note, Basil Whitehall, in an effort to improve his public image, is now sponsoring a neighborhood program that will open several soup kitchens in and around the London area. These should be operational in the coming month. So, let’s see if this helps out dear old Basil…
Lestrade was already on his way toward his office door from his desk to calm Sherlock, seemingly prompted by hearing Sherlock arguing with Detective Baynes.
Clara inhaled deeply as she concluded. “Mr. Holmes?” She kept her eyes on Sherlock, “am I…going to prison?”
John nodded he took a step forward before peeking down the hall back at Madame Loire and the young man.
“…your brother, Mr. Holmes, invited us both to this weekend, but when I had discovered that Standish was in attendance, I begged Viktor to act as if we were strangers. You see…” She let out a ragged sigh, “…Viktor had some dealings with Standish that led to some unsavory results…Viktor is innocent, I assure you! But whatever happened between the two of them…well, it ruined Viktor…”
John nearly yelped but then calmed himself. He placed his hands on his knees, trying to count in his head as he felt his anger rising.
“Letitia Elizabeth Landon’s poem about Lord Collingwood or Baron Collingwood to be precise.” Sherlock answered as he hobbled over to his bookcase.
But before he could finish his reply, the crash was followed by a loud thump. Both Sherlock and John looked at the other once more before jumping off the bed; Sherlock ran quickly out of the room.
Lestrade groaned as soon as he laid eyes on Sherlock, Mycroft, and Mary entering through the main entrance. He was standing next to a junior officer in the main booking area.
Bridget appeared to be confused by the question, but then she nodded. “Yes, well…actually…she came with me to my room after dinner before leaving for a bit before I realized that my scarf was missing…”
John sighed as he rubbed his forehead, not entirely sure what he should do or say. He had explicitly told Sherlock not to get himself into further trouble with the murder case, yet here they were, siloed in one of Mycroft’s estates after having escaped from Westgate.
John titled his head to the side, remaining in his chair as he stared back at Sherlock. “You don’t mind? We don’t usually get too many of these quiet evenings.”
Sherlock motioned to John before walking to the door to Coney’s main office space. He jimmied the lock with ease.
“What in the world happened to this man…” Mycroft wondered, “and what does that have to do with the drug?”
John’s eyes widened at the blatant confession; he felt his whole body go numb to the point that he was sure he was having an out of body experience.
John laughed awkwardly, causing Sherlock to reach out to rub his arm to help him retained his composure.
“Madame Loire, you dropped this.” He smiled up at her as he handed her what looked to be photograph of a younger version of herself with a small child.
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, but I’m not sure how much one could do for a man as far gone as Hans Schuller.”
“Watson!” John looked up to see that Sherlock was halfway down the street, “let’s move quickly! We’re expected!”
The four men grumbled to themselves, one of them crossing the room to the other side to access another part of the tunnel that led to the lower levels of the campus. As the men worked, Moriarty turned swiftly to exit the tunnel, marching through the passageway and back up the stairs to his office. The bookcase closed behind him as he pulled out his pocket watch to check the time, grinning to himself that his plan appeared to be working out perfectly.
After finding the book he needed, he flipped through the pages as he walked the book over to his desk. Sherlock scanned the pages as he inspected the samples, running his fingers along the pages before rising from the desk to fetch another book.
“Baynes is at Westgate now and will be there until late tonight. I suggest you visit the doctor early tomorrow morning.”
John stopped halfway; he could no longer see Sherlock at the side entrance of the sawmill which sent a wave of panic throughout his body. He told himself to remain calm as he took a deep breath. After another second or so, John peered upward to see an opening leading into the upper floor. He clenched his jaw before climbing the staircase, holding on to what was left of the railing to distribute his weight evenly across the staircase.
Sherlock stepped toward James and Mr. McArthur. “The footprint I found matched a relatively expensive shoe, and while I still believe that our ghost made the print…” He trailed off as he looked back at James who looked unwilling to explain.
Sincerest apologies that this chapter is late!! Got caught up with some personal stuff this past week.
Lestrade repeated to himself once more as some faint knocking sought to disrupt his thinking process.
“I think you’re doing a fine job, Whitehall,” Moriarty waited before shifting in his chair, “the government could use more people like you.”
The wheels of the hansom ran over a few pebbles causing their bodies to sway back and forth. Mycroft slouched further down in the seat.
“We need to leave. Now.” Sherlock vaguely explained as he dragged John out of the office through the waiting area and toward the service entrance on the first floor.
Sherlock scrunched up his face at John. “I’m not the one who committed the murder, Watson. Direct your ire toward the guilty party.” He indicated everyone else.
Sherlock smiled before pointing to the luggage car. “I think you can already tell from the events that you have so aptly described that I have it on good authority that you’re in danger, my dear Watson. Now please,” he then turned toward the entry to the luggage car, “we need to apprehend the gentlemen disguised as train employees and guide the rest of this train to a safe destination.”
Sherlock nodded emphatically. “Indeed, Mr. Wiggins…” He motioned for Wiggins to follow him to his writing desk in the corner by the door.
“Mary! Oh, sorry…,” a man had entered the room, outwardly surprised to see Mary in the parlor with Sherlock and John, “didn’t realize we had company…”
“This!” John threw the newspaper across the breakfast table which ended up landing on Sherlock’s toast.
Mycroft shook his head. “I won’t reveal his identity, but I can help you trace these vials, Sherly.” He pointed back to the vials on Sherlock’s desk.
Mycroft nodded as he held out the special pass. “My brother and I would like to speak with the director for a visit with one of the prisoners. We have the correct papers.”
Mr. McArthur winced before walking over to the designated window. He took a moment before sighing to himself, motioning around with his arms as he very awkwardly and very strangely performed a secret ritual associated with the Guild. The expressions on James’s and Mary’s faces betrayed that they were now doubly embarrassed by their father and his secret society.
“I don’t know any specifics, Holmes…I just know that he was working on something and testing it on people in Whitechapel. You probably know more than me at this point.”
Sherlock was crouched down near the cot, holding up a thin blanket. After a moment of observation, he took his time straightening up, but he kept his eyes on the cot.
“Well, it does appear that everything is in order…I uh,” the director looked at his secretary before facing Sherlock and Mycroft again, “I suppose you’re here to see the doctor. Speak with Warden James, who is in charge of the maximum-security sector, that’s where…” he stopped for a moment as he projected a nervous countenance, “where we, uh, keep prisoners who have been charged with more serious crimes like—”
James continued to look around aimlessly before hanging his head. “I let Pierre onto the property…” He pointed at Madame Loire’s son.
“Inspector Lestrade,” Mycroft began, “I’m sure you can make some sort of concession for my brother to see the Doctor. I
Mary nodded quickly as she rose from her seat to walk toward the man. “James, father’s guests are here. You remember…Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson.” She reached out a hand toward Sherlock and John.
Moriarty continued through the tunnel until he found an old, dirty door. He knocked on it three times before someone opened the door for him, a very rough individual wearing working attire. Moriarty nodded at the man before walking further into the space which was filled with a giant table with a map and some papers piled on top; bookcases; and three other harsh looking men who appeared similar to the one who let Moriarty inside.
Mr. McArthur laughed. “Yes! That is true, but I would be careful Mr. Holmes,” he then leaned inward toward Sherlock, dropping his voice to a low whisper, “you’ll need to keep the Guild a secret. We are capable of many things.” He then winked at Sherlock.
“Holmes, I’m sorry…” Lestrade began, this time his voice sounding calm, although unsteady, “but with this and the eyewitness accounts we have…I’m afraid that…it doesn’t look good for Dr. Watson…”
“Mary?” Both Mycroft and Mary turned to face Sherlock who had emerged from the bedroom while buttoning a fresh shirt.
John grimaced as he looked around his cell: it was similar to the one at the Yard, but this time he had his own space.
John walked over to the desk. For the most part, the desk was nicely ordered save for a few papers scattered about. John peered down at the papers, but there was nothing substantial except for a few receipts.
“Holmes, you need to calm yourself. When my men questioned Dr. Carberry’s servants, they said that they heard Dr. Watson arguing with the victim late last evening. He was the last person they saw visit the house.”
“Carberry was working on an experiment…” John started, “it was some sort of drug…,” he sighed as he stood up from the chair to walk a bit away from Sherlock and Mycroft.
Sherlock accepted his coat with a coy grin. “Then we mustn’t waste any more time then, dear. On to Morpeth!”
John stared at Sherlock, trying to piece together what the diplomat might have given before William appeared in the room. He looked extremely annoyed.
John scrunched up his face as he tried to look up at the window behind Sherlock but he couldn’t see Coney’s window at that angle.
After second or so, John leaned away from Sherlock again, looking down at him slightly with a kind expression before leaning in again to give him a kiss. Sherlock kissed John back for a moment before John broke away gently to sit down on the edge of the bed.
“Earlier in the year, you were on the way to a conference, correct?” Detective Baynes motioned toward John as if they were having a civilized conversation.
Sherlock grabbed his brother’s arm. “Mycroft, I’ll need this room cleared to investigate the body. Please have everyone else wait to be interrogated later.”
“From what I can understand from my very brief conversation with Inspector Lestrade is whatever evidence they do have sounds circumstantial—”
“Coney is insinuating that I’m in cahoots with Schuller?! I can not believe how terrible this has gotten.” John paced back and forth on the other side of the room as Sherlock patiently lifted the newspaper to free his toast.
One of the three men stepped forward. “The murder went off without a hitch, gov’. They got the doctor in custody.”
Sherlock held up a finger to quiet John. “Listen, Watson.” He then pointed down the hall at two figures who were standing near the kitchen but were facing in such a way that they couldn’t see Sherlock and John spying on them.
Sherlock nodded again, providing John with a reassuring smile. “It’s quite all right, Watson. I would never interfere with your work.”
James nodded at his sister. “Ah, well, but based on what I’ve heard about you, I’m sure we’ll all bore you both to death—”
They returned to their meal and chatted for a bit before John slapped a hand to his forehead, groaning loudly.
Sherlock chuckled. “Thank you for the offer, but we must be getting on our way.” He winked at John before acknowledging the heiress again.
“You’re Conrad Coney, aren’t you? I read your column every single morning!” She added before Coney could walk past her.
Sherlock attempted another smile before rummaging through his pants pockets for Wiggins's usual payment, but he soon remembered that John was always the one who paid Wiggins his finder’s fee. The thought made Sherlock groan painfully as he slumped down in the chair at his desk, covering his face with one hand, finally succumbing to the crushing weight that someone was framing John for murder.
“You lost your pendant, right? That was the key considering the connection to Dr. Carberry. Lestrade thought it was circumstantial considering your close relationship with the deceased, but your outburst with Carberry coupled with the eyewitness reports from his staff made it a no brainer. I placed your pendant next to Carberry’s body after I killed him. It was easy to arrest you thereafter.”
John wrestled with the man, trying to get into a better position to defend himself. He could hear Gladstone barking as he attacked the other man. John was concerned for Gladstone’s safety, but he was helpless as the man he was struggling with was stronger than expected. The man grabbed John by the collar before slugging him in the face once. John struggled against him before Gladstone appeared out of nowhere to pin the man to the ground.
John screamed as the bullets rained into the compartment for a moment or so longer before the deluge stopped suddenly. John, too shocked, laid on his side as Sherlock nudged him in the back.
“Marvelous, Sherly.” Mycroft rubbed his hands to together, “we’ll eat then maybe we should rest up a bit. I’ve learned a new exotic card game I would like you teach you.” He spun around on his heels, grabbing his coat, hat, and scarf before walking briskly out of the sitting room.
Mycroft smiled broadly. “Wonderful! Now how about you finish your breakfast before lying down. I’ll show you that game later this evening and maybe we can get Mrs. Hudson to cook a decent meal in the meantime.”
“Holmes!” John groaned as he slapped a hand to his head. “Holmes, when I said you were the only that can help me, I meant cooperating with the police to tell them I was with you most of the night,
was your fault, Sherlock. You are quite well known, and I’m sure Dr. Watson knew what he was getting into since the two of you paired up a couple years ago.”
Sherlock waved John off as they watched Mrs. Hudson and the officer. Eventually the pair left the kitchen and out the hallway.
Mary nodded timidly as she joined Sherlock in the middle of the space. She looked around before sighing to herself.
John nodded, knowing that Sherlock was referring to them hiding underneath the covering until it was clear to search the sawmill. Sherlock walked ahead with John following closely behind. They trekked quietly through brush coverings that had swarmed the abandoned complex of the sawmill.
“Everyone,” Sherlock interrupted the silence after a moment, “would you all please kindly wait in the back parlor. I think it’s time that Dr. Watson and I seriously investigate the comings and goings at this house.”
“A ghost? Holmes, this isn’t the time for riddles and games. I told you this was dangerous!”.” John finally felt himself lose his temper as he held Sherlock up at the street corner. He glanced around the area to make sure they hadn’t been followed.
Sherlock smiled before walking around the heiress. “I believe that your pearls were ‘stolen’ by your youngest. But not in an act of nascent thievery, but adolescent curiosity. Many of the items moved around in the room suggest that someone was intrigued by what they saw, and
“I haven’t seen him since yesterday morning when the police came, but we’re going there today.” Sherlock answered quietly as he picked up the section of the paper folded to display Coney’s article.
John groaned as he crouched lower in the bushes; he counted to himself to steady his nerves, remarking to himself that something about the sawmill was troubling, so much so that this was the first time since this all began that John felt his nervous debilitate his thinking process.
John flinched as something Sherlock said to him the night he had escaped from Westgate suddenly popped into his head.
“…I was one of the finalists for the Rome prize…” James said quietly with a smile, “I would have tried again, but my father asked me to come back to Philadelphia.”
Detective Baynes lowered his weapon as he rested a hand on his hips, appearing to think deeply. He sighed before pointing his revolver at John again as he took several steps toward him. He looked to be on the verge of elaborating but stayed silent instead as a conniving grin crossed his face.
Lestrade grabbed Saxon away from Sherlock, handing him to the policemen. Sherlock straightened himself out as he helped John up from the floor.
“Holmes!” Lestrade shouted, equal parts relieved and annoyed, “I’ve been on edge because of you! And what in god’s sake are you doing here?! The police have been looking for you and the doctor!”
John waited before standing up a bit to peer over the bushes. He could see Sherlock standing outside the ground floor of the sawmill; his back was up against an exterior wall, and he was leaning to the side to listen to the group of men.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, clearly amused at whatever Mr. McArthur may had been hinting at. “Oh, I am very aware. It’s my business to be.” He leaned away from Mr. McArthur who looked intrigued by the comment but before he could respond, Madame Loire appeared, reaching forward to retrieve empty plates.
John looped his arm around Sherlock’s, tugging him toward the exit. “I think this is a good opportunity for us to mind our own business. Everything about this old house and cemetery is giving me the chills.”
John rolled his eyes as he waved a hand to get Sherlock to get to the point of his long-winded explanation…
“Holmes, I think you’ve done some good here today. Nice work.” John patted Sherlock on the shoulder.
“Let’s look for repeats in the visitor book and then match the names to donations in this book…” Sherlock instructed.
Sherlock nodded, pointing to Wiggins. “I’m looking for my brother. This is son. I think I once heard him say he works in a graveyard.”
Lestrade looked away from Sherlock as he felt his face becoming flush with irritation, but he knew that Sherlock was right. If Detective Baynes was involved and it was tied to something bigger than Dr. Carberry’s death, then Sherlock was probably the best person to prove John’s innocence.
“I plan to. Why?” John asked, squinting his eyes at Sherlock who took his time approaching the table.
“Like I was saying,” Sherlock turned back to Carberry’s journal on the counter, “I’ve figured out the standard notation in Carberry’s journal so we should be able to pinpoint whatever he was trying to achieve with the antidote.”
Sherlock squinted his eyes at his companion before facing the group once more. “See, there you have it. Now, Mycroft, please.” He motioned for his brother to herd the guests into the solarium.
Sherlock waited until the rustling in the room died down again. He inched along the wall toward the street, looking both ways before it was clear, but before he could step out onto the street, a hand grabbed him from behind.
Sherlock stared at John, seemingly annoyed before cracking a slight smile. “Perhaps, Watson, perhaps.”
Sherlock then ran back to the window. He looked out beyond the street just in time to see a small child running toward his residence. Sherlock grinned as he watched Wiggins wave his cab at him before entering the building. Sherlock jogged over to the door to the sitting room, opening the door for Wiggins to enter.
Sherlock shushed John as he pointed back toward the luggage car. “Upon entering, I’ll need you to disarm anyone brandishing a weapon.”
Mycroft stepped forward to join him at the desk. “Are you not the one you rambles on and on about how incompetent the London police are?”
Sherlock shook his head as he grabbed John to drag him out of the cell. “No time to explain.” He responded as he pulled an incredibly confused John out into the corridor.
Sherlock eyed Lestrade before verbally responding. He could tell that the inspector was keeping something from him.
Sherlock handed the vial to John who wearingly accepted it. “The substance in the vials is the same substance that Mycroft and I found at the murder scene of a priest in Whitechapel and the same substance I found with Wiggins at a cemetery worker’s home who had suffered a similar fate as the priest…”
Detective Baynes looked around before stepping closer toward Lestrade who forced himself to stand his ground.
Moriarty crossed his arms with a nod. “Good. So everything seems to be working according to plan then, gentlemen?” He looked at the three in front of him before turning to a degree to acknowledge the man behind him.
“Holmes!” John shouted, now standing in a pile of their luggage, causing Sherlock to turn around to gawk at him, “can you please help me with the luggage. Most of this is yours.”
“Inspector Lestrade.” Everyone was interrupted suddenly by a relaxed, disinterested voice, “could you please have your men unhand my brother. All of this is quite unnecessary.”
“How can I help?” John whispered softly as he watched Sherlock turn away from him to walk back to the stove, “I think I may remember what Carberry had told me in private about whatever he was trying to do with the antidote. It might be useful.”
Lestrade held still has he watched Detective Baynes finish his conversation before walking toward him. Lestrade’s heart rate increased as he glanced around for an opportunity to escape from the situation without appearing fragile in front of someone like Detective Baynes.
Mycroft frowned before letting out a sigh. “My informant also told me last night about the death of a priest who serves in the Whitechapel neighborhood…the body was just discovered late last night at the neighborhood parish church, but the police have yet to be informed. The death seems…suspicious…”
He thought to himself before placing it inside his jacket pocket. John took another moment to straighten himself and his nerves out before turning to the exit of his compartment, opening the door slightly to look both ways once more before turning his back to lock it. But before he could, a hand shoved him back inside the space.
John nodded before rising slowly from the chair. He felt Sherlock rub his back before he left the room, dragging his feet to their bedroom. He opened the door, glancing around the room as if searching for the next step before dragging his feet to the bed. John fell down on the bed, full clothed. He tightly closed his eyes shut, both exhausted yet terrified by the situation.
John shrugged again as he looked around the room, appearing to not know what Sherlock was referring to.
Madame Loire and James looked at each other before sitting down. Sherlock then walked to the middle of the room as he began explaining his findings of the evening’s events.
Sherlock ignored him as he waved John’s behavior toward his antics off casually. “We’re getting closer to whomever framed you, Watson, but we need to go home.”
Sherlock let go of the employee he had pinned and John holstered his weapon. “Officers, we have the culprits. I’m one of the passengers, Dr. Watson.” John searched around in his coat for his ticket before holding it out for the officers.
Sherlock and John cautiously approached the structure. It was pitch black outside, but they could see lanterns in several of the windows on the ground floor. Sherlock held up a hand to halt John. He pressed a finger to his lips before motioning forward. John looked ahead and could see people moving around in the sawmill.
“Holmes, I doubt our man would have signed in before taking anything from this house…” John whispered as he leaned in to look at the log.
Wiggins hesitated before he accepted the items. He slowly looked up at Sherlock. “Are you o’right, Mr. ‘olmes?”
Sherlock nodded as he walked briskly to the restroom. He closed the door behind him, looking around quickly before walking up to a sink. He opened his coat, carefully pulling out the items he had Wiggins acquire for him the night before.
“You’re the best officer I have, but I think it’s appropriate to put you on the desk…” Lestrade’s thoughts drifted as he barely paid attention.
Mary nodded timidly, reaching out her hand to shake Sherlock’s but she stayed on the stool in front of the organ.
John took a deep breath as he held his hands up halfway. “…I did not kill Carberry. Someone is framing me. You must believe me.”
Sherlock and John were standing in front of their deduction board. Mrs. Hudson had sent in their supper, but it sat untouched on the breakfast table.
The woman nodded again. “Yes, he seems nice enough, of course. I’ve gotten used to his behavior. I never have any issues besides the week his room smelled awful.”
“Detective Baynes…” John took a step sideways away from the approaching detective and the opening as Detective Baynes took another step toward him, reaching for his revolver.
John recovered before toppling over, turning around to face Mycroft who was grinning unnervingly at him.
Mycroft took another bite of his food before settling back in his chair. “I’m sure I’ll never really understand why but I’ve never seen Sherlock so loyal to someone before. You can tell he cares deeply for you…,” Mycroft shrugged, “but then again, I think he shows it in the oddest of manners.”
Sherlock quieted John with one finger pressed to his lips. He hugged his body up against the wall, sticking out an arm for John to do the same. They could hear guards shouting about a fire down in the basement.
Fedorov nodded. “I think I was the last one to go upstairs after dinner. I saw that stage actress’s maid, Clara—whatever, speaking with Standish…something about the conversation seemed…heated…”
Suddenly, John yelped as he felt a light pinch on his back. “Good. Glad my work here is done.” Sherlock said through a sneer as he climbed into the automobile.
John and Sherlock waited quietly in an alley where they could see the window that led into Conrad Coney’s office at
Not long after, Sherlock and John arrived at their destination. Sherlock walked up to the entrance of the house, motioning for John to follow before knocking on the door.
John sighed heavily as he slumped onto his cot. He looked down at the cot which had a few stains on it. John decided to stay upright, knowing he wouldn’t be able to sleep that night considering the day’s events.
John sighed heavily as he held a bag full of ice against his bruised forehead. He was sitting across from Sherlock in their sitting room, watching his companion shuffle about in front of a board filed with newspaper clippings, notes, and photos all tied together with pieces of string.
As the last speaker concluded, the audience shuffled about greeting and acknowledging one another for their work. Some of the audience members surrounded Sherlock to ask him more questions about his work and his knowledge of criminal behavior. Moriarty watched the group swarm Sherlock, waiting a minute or two before finding a clear opening.
James nodded slowly as he sat down next to his father. “Everything’s fine, father. The client requested a meeting with you, but I told him you were busy until next week.”
Mycroft frowned before looking at John then back at Sherlock. “Fine…,” he rolled his eyes, “…the priest has a nephew…that’s who found him the night before the police.”
“Murder…,” Detective Baynes started, “Dr. Watson is under arrest for the murder of Dr. James Carberry.”
“I hope I didn’t ruin your lecture, Professor Moriarty.” Sherlock offered; his expression pleasant but not too revealing as he spotted Moriarty walking toward his huddle.
One of the women walked up to the pile before angrily grabbing her things. Sherlock and John watched her walk away before turning to each other.
Sherlock yanked on John. “Come along, Watson!” He then dragged John out of the room and down the stairs. They looked through the opening to the oval room to find the McArthur siblings speaking to themselves quietly, but there was no sign of Mr. McArthur.
“That’s what I’ve been saying this entire time.” Mycroft groused as he followed Sherlock out of the window. They walked to the other side of the church before hailing another hansom.
Sherlock laughed again as he ascended the hansom. The laugh irritated John as he followed. “I’m serious,” he kept his voice to a whisper, “this is dangerous.”
Sherlock’s jaw hardened as he repositioned his body in front of John. “Do you remember hearing anything? Even the most trivial thing can be pertinent.”
Sherlock interlaced his fingers together on top the table. “That thwarted terrorist plot…” He answered, his voice trailing.
Sherlock expressed his incredulity with the statement, but Lestrade continued on. “Dr. Watson also owns a revolver...all we need to do is match the bullet we found at the scene to the revolver, Holmes.”
John groaned. “You don’t have to make it up…and, you don’t need my help…you could probably figure this out blindfolded…”
“When this barrage stops,” Sherlock shouted at John who was cowering to the side, “we’ll only have a few seconds to hop out of the window to get to the luggage car!”
Mycroft slowly shook his head before instantly remembering who Mary was. “Ah! Yes. I met you at that lunch once ago.” He beckoned Mary inside.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock started, trying to keep his anger in check, “how can there be a trial when you haven’t even proved Watson’s guilt?”
“Perhaps I can call on you to talk to my students sometime in the future. I think they would benefit greatly from your…expertise, Mr. Holmes.”
John scrunched up his face, stepping forward as if to interject but Sherlock stopped him. “Thank you, Mary. Watson, could you please fetch Gladstone’s leash? I think it’s on the desk.” Sherlock pointed behind himself as he took a hold of Gladstone’s collar.
John rolled his eyes as he made sure that Sherlock was inside before looking both ways behind the rowhouse block for any signs of the police.
“Sherly…” Mycroft stepped forward to take a hold of Sherlock’s arm as the latter was still trying to reach for John through the bars, “we should go.” He ended as softly as he was able given the situation.
John grumbled as he ascended the staircase to the upper floor. He took his time as it was evident that the staircase had not been in use for quite some time. The metal creaked and groaned under the weight of each and every one of John’s footsteps, and it felt as if the staircase would buckle underneath him if he climbed any higher.
Sherlock’s expression changed as John rested his hands on hips. “Not to say this is your fault, Holmes. But…from the murder to the prison to the drugs…it seems too interconnected as if—”
Lestrade looked around the office before walking over to Detective Baynes’s desk. He looked around hurriedly, all the while glancing back at the office door. Lestrade searched the desk before something in a waste basket next to the desk caught his eye.
Moriarty had held up a hand to interrupt. “Just keep an eye on him. He’ll be fine once he sees the work he’s labored over come to life.”
Schuller nodded once more but remained strangely quiet. Moriarty squinted his eyes before leaning back in his chair.
“Also,” he continued as they turned at the landing down a hallway, “a couple of my associates will be in attendance for dinner.”
The heiress gulped as she rung her hands together. “Well, last time I checked, which was early this morning before I left for my appointment.”
“You’re going to do whatever you have planned even if I don’t go with you…” Mycroft stated rather than questioned.
Sherlock held up a hand to interrupt his brother as he appeared to remember something. “Mycroft…,” he readjusted his position in the sofa to sit up straight, “you need to tell me more about what this informant of yours managed to uncover before the police. How did they know about the priest’s murder before earlier this morning?
Sherlock shook his head. “Baynes supposedly has some incriminatory evidence that Lestrade was unwilling to divulge. We need to find out what they missed at that house.”
“Watson,” Sherlock finally answered but he kept his eyes on whatever had captured his attention, “keep an eye on the pair down by the furnaces. I’m going to investigate outside.”
“You needn’t to worry about Dr. Carberry, Dr. Schuller. He’s dead.” Moriarty coolly offered as a matter of fact.
“Thank you.” Mycroft responded as he then quickly hustled Sherlock out of the office. The group walked down the hallway until they reached the main entrance to the maximum-security cells. The director walked ahead of Mycroft and Sherlock, approaching two guards: one standing watch near the entry cell door that led down to the prisoners’ cells and one sitting at a desk.
Fedorov does.” This seemed to amuse him the most as he continued to guide John and Sherlock to a room.
John rolled his eyes as he jogged to catch up with Sherlock, but then slowed down as the pain shot through his own leg.
“Do you remember seeing anything or anyone suspicious while at Westgate? Or besides the nephew at the Yard?”
Mycroft took a moment before rising from his chair. He gave Sherlock one last look as he sighed to himself before crossing the sitting room to grab his coat and hat.
John followed Sherlock with his eyes. “Lord Collingwood? So, our thief is obsessed with the Battle of Trafalgar.”
Mrs. Hudson sniffled with a nod before turning around to exit the sitting room. Mycroft sighed as he turned slightly to find Sherlock rifling through some documents on his desk.
Mycroft fell out of the window, landing on a patch of green with a loud thud. He moaned in pain as he continued to call for Sherlock who was already back toward the front of the house.
“Mycroft, would you please stop,” Sherlock finally answered, “there’s something troubling about all of this besides the fact that the police have the wrong person in custody. Watson was only gone for a little over an hour and he was with me the rest of the night.”
“Watson, we must leave. Now.” Sherlock commanded before turning quickly to march toward the exterior staircase, “the men on ground floor have left already.”
Moriarty chuckled to himself as he reached for a wineglass. “Because, Whitehall, I have something those other donors do not.”
John looked around aimlessly as plumes of smoke obscured his vision. He finally spotted the entrance to the outside, running as fast as he was able. Outside, he found Sherlock hopping into a hansom, waving for him to come along.
“While Conrad Coney often trades in oleaginous scandals,” Sherlock started, “from time to time, he does offer some information for a potential lead.” He kept his eyes on the paper.
“Yes?” The speaker asked as he looked in the direction of the cough, “you seem to want to add something to my lecture.” His annoyance was unmistakable to everyone, but he managed to remain cool.
“Have you always been this inquisitive? Trust my methods, dear. We shall catch our thief in the act!”
“To be accused of such treachery, my goodness, Mr. Holmes!” Bridget added angrily, through a fit of tears.
Lestrade turned slowly to look at Mycroft before motioning for the group to follow him into his office. Lestrade walked to his desk to lean against; Mycroft and Mary found two chairs to sit in, but Sherlock stood in the middle in the space, anxious to get on with it.
Sherlock groaned loudly as he turned back to the vials on the desk. “Mycroft, if you care about me then you
Gladstone appeared next to them, barking loudly. “A ghost, Watson.” Sherlock vaguely explained as he limped against John to the area outside the factory before hobbling down the dock to get to the nearest street.
Moriarty intently paid attention to Sherlock, but the growing commotion in the audience began to fracture his perfected composure.
“Well, I never turn down an opportunity to participate in scholarly discourse. So, please, I insist, uh, Mister…?
The employee stretched out a hand toward the entrance of the car. “Could you follow me, Doctor? One of our passengers appears under the weather and we would appreciate your help.”
She stepped to the side after a moment to let a shorter man into the space. A joyous expression appeared on his face as he recognized Sherlock.
“Murder.” Sherlock finished for the director who laughed nervously making the entire situation even more awkward than it needed to be.
Sherlock thought to himself as he jogged to the next car. Upon opening the door to the next car, Sherlock could see John entering his compartment. He waited for John to go inside before positioning himself outside in the corridor, waiting a second longer for his companion to remerge with his back facing him before shoving him back inside the compartment…
John groaned as he lifted the portmanteau into the automobile. “No, I shall never forget that you’re both stubborn
Lestrade eyed the detective, but something unnerving about the latter's demeanor made his skin crawl. Yet, Lestrade knew it would be a lost cause to push the matter any further without raising further suspicion that could negatively impact John’s case.
Sherlock made a face, appeared taken aback by how willing John appeared considering everything that had happened including the night before.
“Oh my god…” John interrupted suddenly. He leaned forward to place his head into his hands. Both Sherlock and Mycroft looked at one another as they waited for John.
John relaxed his face, but he continued to study Sherlock with suspicion; he knew there was a possibility his companion might using the prospect of a much-needed respite as an accuse to chase a case.
Sherlock eyed Mycroft as he massaged his wrists from the tight hold the officers had on him previously. After a minute or so, he finally nodded as one of the officers escorted him and Mycroft to John’s cell.
John groused to himself, knowing full well that Mycroft was making a snide comment about his driving. Sherlock looked at him before mimicking a laugh to placate his brother.
Sherlock crouched down near the garden. “It’s not difficult to see that your youngest child must have gotten into your jewelry box, taken the pearls before placing them on the ground. Then the family dog,” Sherlock pointed to some dog foot prints in the dirt leading to the garden, “found the pearls and buried them in the garden. The gardener freshly planted these orchids on top of the dog’s clever hiding place.”
Mary turned red before sitting up straight in her chair. “I’m not approving of ghost stories, Mr. Holmes. Our father takes it upon himself tell tall tales.”
You say: “this is only circumstantial.” But alas, according to a source at Scotland Yard, the police have incredibly damning evidence that does indeed implicate Dr. Watson.
Lestrade rolled his eyes. “Yes, Holmes. Most likely. But what does that have to do with Dr. Watson? You’re involved!” His voiced raised slightly with frustration.
“But would you say, perhaps, a great deal?” Sherlock shrugged again, motioning toward Lestrade to be more honest, which greatly annoyed the other.
Sherlock groaned loudly as he tried sitting up some more. John crouched down near him, trying to free him from the rubble.
“…oh my god…” John repeated. He kept his head in his hands before slowly looking back up at Sherlock once more who looked equally terrified.
John sighed in his head as he mentally reviewed his actions from the previous night. It was true that the servants had overheard an argument between himself and Dr. Carberry.
Sherlock looked at Mycroft before facing John again who nodded to signal that he agreed with Mycroft. Sherlock sighed as he finally let Mycroft lead him away from the cell and out to a hansom waiting outside with Mrs. Hudson already in the back passenger seat.
idea you’ve ever had, and that’s including the prison and the smelting factory.” John seethed, but he was helpless. He couldn’t make a scene in the hansom.
“…Standish was involved with a German railroad company that runs business with my country…he…swore to protect Ottoman interests, but ultimately deflected…now the Germans have a monopoly which is threatening the economic stability of the empire…”
Detective Baynes chuckled as he holstered his revolver. “I guess that’s only fair considering you would have hanged for Carberry’s murder anyway.”
Sherlock looked down to see John standing near a furnace. “My name is Sherlock Holmes. I wanted to ask you about your uncle—”
“…I knew there was something unethical about it…I tried to stop it…,” John turned around to face Sherlock and Mycroft, “the last time I saw Carberry I was arguing with him about what he was working on…” John pointed to the vial, “that night I found out that he was testing his experiment on people in Whitechapel…”
Soon after, the secretary opened her door. “Will you gentlemen be all right? I need to go to the main telegraph office to send a telegram.” She walked briskly to the door before entering the hallway with a huff.
Sherlock chuckled as he spun away from the desk to head toward the guide and the display case, limping on his bad leg.
The men stopped wrestling with each other as John inched his way along the wall to find a spot to sit on a bench near the man sleeping on the cot.
He turned over onto this back to look up at the ceiling, studying it as he inspected the ceiling molding that the chandelier was hanging from.
“Viktor Fedorov and William Davenport. William’s family owns a railroad company in America. Fedorov…” Mycroft stopped suddenly to pose thoughtfully, “well, actually, I’m not entirely sure
The two exited the kitchen through the side door. Sherlock crouched down near the knife, studying it before picking it up.
Sherlock motioned toward Madame Loire and James who were standing near the fireplace. “Madame Loire and Mr. McArthur,” Sherlock pointed toward two available seats, “could you please take a seat?”
“We need to prepare first, Mr. Wiggins,” Sherlock walked back over to his desk, “whatever is in these vials unleashes some sort of dangerous drug…” He found a vial that had a few drops of the drug at the bottom.
Sherlock waited for about an hour or so before one of the compartment doors opened, revealing an elegantly dressed woman. She straightened her hat out before closing the door to compartment but the latch on the door failed to close the door tightly. Sherlock waited for the woman to walk down the corridor to the next car before quietly opening the door to the woman’s compartment.
Mary ignored her father as she stepped forward to address Sherlock. “But that doesn’t fully explain how the ghost could get access to the property. Only my father and James have the keys.”
Sherlock looked back and forth between the siblings then at Mr. McArthur before backing away from the huddle. Mary then explained in agonizing detail that she and James had seen the ghost a few days ago while they were visiting the house to retrieve some linen Mary had found from upstairs.
Sherlock huffed as he sat on the edge of the bed. John turned over onto his side. “Although we’ve been imprisoned on your brother’s estate, at least we’ll get some privacy in this overly grandiose place.” John waved a hand around.
Moriarty nodded slightly as he pursed his lips, seemingly considering his henchman’s pleas. After a moment of reflection, Moriarty turned to walk around his desk. He searched through a drawer before pulling out a medium-sized pistol with a pearl handle. He aimed the pistol at the man before shooting him in the stomach. The man shrieked in pain as he crumbled to the floor.
Sherlock nodded, and John let out a terribly depleted-sounding exhale as he picked up their suitcases, but he was stopped by Mycroft’s outstretched arm.
“I know, Watson.” Sherlock curtly responded as he pulled a file out of Coney’s cabinet, “it appears that Coney had a recent visitor who was in a hurry.”
Sherlock slowly closed the door behind him, glancing around quickly until he found the woman’s portmanteau underneath a seat. He crouched down to pull out the chest, opening it to rifle through until he found a costume that he thought he could more or less conceal his identity in. He then searched around for the woman’s makeup, finding a smaller box full of cases and lipstick tubes. Sherlock made up his face as quickly as possible before placing one of the tubes of lipstick into a small coin purse he had found in the portmanteau.
Sherlock looked up at his brother before looking back down at the priest. The man looked like he had been mauled by a bear.
“Mr. ‘olmes! We saw the police this morning!” Wiggins offered as he stood in the threshold of the door.
John turned at the sound of a voice to his right, looking upwards to see that one of the train employees had addressed him.
“…please tell me what you’re hiding. I know you’ve uncovered the crucial piece to this puzzle, but are being quiet about it on purpose for a grand reveal that will out show all the work done thus far. It’s never good to keep secrets, my dear Holmes.”
Willaim scoffed. “Look, I had nothing to do with this. Standish was a horrible person, but I wouldn’t kill him.”
“Holmes, I don’t like this anymore than you do. I consider Dr. Watson to be a dear friend and it troubles me that he’s possibly capable of such lengths, but witnesses saw a man fitting Dr. Watson’s physical description leave the scene. I don’t know what else to tell you, Holmes. Those are the facts.”
James sighed, but the comment seemed to liven up his spirits. “Perhaps I can give a tour?” He looked over at his father who looked bemused.
“Holmes, are you all right?” John tried to examine Sherlock before moving him more, but the latter slapped his hand away in a huff.
“…I took a hansom back to Baker Street to inform Mrs. Hudson, but I thought it would be better to keep her there in order not to raise suspicions when the police inevitably pay her a visit. I figured Sherlock was up to something more devious than simply requesting my help…”
Sherlock nodded once more. “Thanks, Sir.” He then motioned for Wiggins to follow him out of the cemetery and down the street toward their next destination.
The guide nodded. “I wasn’t on duty when it became official, but the museum hired another historian to replace the two.”
“Watson,” Sherlock turned slightly in his seat, “you have to trust me. I know what I’m doing. I couldn’t allow you to stay in Westgate because you won’t receive a fair trial.”
Sherlock waited as he listened for Mycroft’s footsteps to die down in the hallway before he hurled himself out of the sofa to run over to the bay window overlooking Baker Street. He opened the curtains slightly to watch Mycroft appear out on the street, waiting a bit longer as he watched his brother walk further down the street and round a corner. Sherlock then quickly threw open the window.
Lestrade sighed again as he pushed himself away from the desk to walk around it. He pulled out a drawer before rummaging through it.
“Holmes!” John shouted as his body bounced with the increasing speed of the hansom, “Schuller! He escaped!”
“…the poem in Lestrade’s office…,” John began with a sly smile, “I was the one who first suggested the connection to Trafalgar…”
Moriarty sat back in his chair as he reread his notes. He smiled to himself as he placed the journal on top the desk before reaching for his cup of tea.
Mycroft ran toward the chapel before slowing down, mindful of his footsteps as they probably weren’t alone. He finally reached the chapel to find Sherlock standing over the body of the murdered priest.
appreciate fine architecture. My son does.” Mr. McArthur winked at James who rolled his eyes before settling back in his chair.
Moriarty grinned slightly. “The censure is only a ruse. They’re terrified of what you mean for the country.”
Sherlock frowned as he tried to get past his brother, but Mycroft easily blocked his path at each attempt. After struggling for a bit, Sherlock finally gave in as he backed away from Mycroft.
All the men halted to attention except one who leaned next to another, confused by Moriarty’s phraseology. The other man quickly explained what the professor meant which caused the other to halt at attention like the others.
Sherlock patted John on the leg before giving the driver an address. “I think I heard you the first time.” He said to John as he sat back into his seat.
John thought, referring internally to his companion giving him a solid alibi but obviously unaware of his actions that day.
Moriarty nodded before waving a hand around. “Okay then. Get back to work. We need to set preparations in place for Whitehall’s event.” He responded curtly.
Sherlock shrugged. “Scotland Yard and Inspector Lestrade tend to get in the way of my work, so yes, I can empathize.”
John scoffed as he rose from his chair to join Sherlock at the board, flinching in pain the entire trip. “I thought I had seen our man, Holmes. I shouted for you not to follow.”
John’s eyes widened as shock registered on his face, which then changed from expression to expression as he ruminated on Sherlock saying out loud what felt like a complicated chess match between an unknown assailant. Of course, the thought bothered John; who could be so conniving and callous towards the innocent lives that had perished so far in pursuit of whatever goal?
Mary sniffled, still holding onto Sherlock’s arms. “You would know better than me,” she managed to smile through tears, “have you seen him?”
Sherlock waved John off before making a whiny noise. “I wasn’t spying, I was observing, dear.” He then picked up his bag before heading up the stairs.
John fell forward, catching himself on one of the seat cushions before hitting the floor. He groaned as he turned over onto his back, seeing a woman standing over him before throwing her body on top of him.
John smiled slightly. “Mycroft has another estate on the edge of the city. We’re staying there until we figure this case out.”
John nodded before turning around to walk down the stairs to the furnaces. Sherlock took his time as he approached the figure.
“Mr. ‘olmes! I asked all around!” Wiggins ran into the sitting room, holding out a dirty, torn scrap of paper, “there’s a graveyard worker in Whitechapel that’s been seen with the stuff in the vials.”
killed James?” John started, “…but…why…?” He ended quietly, not really sure if he understood the detective.
Detective Baynes grinned slightly before reaching out to pat Lestrade on the shoulder which caused the other to recoil somewhat. But Lestrade only nodded back as he watched Detective Baynes spin around to walk briskly down the hallway and then disappear into another room.
Warden James nodded as the mechanism in the door clicked to indicate that the door was now open. “Yes, Mr. Holmes. There’s another entrance on the opposite side of the corridor but it’s been blocked off for security purposes. However, it usually unlocks in case of an emergency.”
“Sherlock…” John did his best to reach through the bars to touch his companion, “I need you to focus. You’re the only one who can help me.”
John groaned as he took a sip from his teacup. “That’s a name I’ll be glad not to hear about after this year’s election. His standing appears dismal.”
“So, someone at the Yard is framing me.” John finally let out as the sinking realization hit him all at once.
“At the event,” Moriarty started up again, “you must show that you’re the best person to save the soul of the country. Possibly the world.”
John gawked at Sherlock who had turned away to head back toward the house. “Holmes, really. There’s no ghost. It’s probably some wayward gardener.”
“Also,” Mycroft started up again, “I want the two of you to stay with me in the estate bordering the city until the trial. I think you need a respite from all of this, Sherly. I don’t know how many times I must tell you that city life is dang—”
Sherlock’s expression morphed into that satisfied grin that usually irritated John. “Did I? Watson, why would the police house a suspect in a high-profile murder case in a prison that was due to be demolished? A prison whose security system is faulty at best. Please keep up, dear.”
Moriarty packed up his lecture materials, trying to leave the dais as quickly as possible but a few of his students managed to catch up with him, follow him out into the hallway, and to his office. Moriarty fielded a few questions before he escaped into his office, shutting the door on one student who persisted on discussing his last paper.
John craned his neck to gawk at Sherlock. “Holmes! That man is dangerous. Do you have any idea what you have done?!”
John looked around as they approached, remarking to himself that the atmosphere that night felt particularly eerie. The sawmill, and the yard it was located in, had been derelict for quite some time; vegetation had overgrown the site and the sawmill looked to be on the verge of collapse. Yet the lighting from the candlelight inside illuminating the group of men brought an unsettling air of life to the sawmill.
John let out a laden sigh, indicating that not only was he not pleased with the tone of the conversation, but over it as well. After a moment or so of silence, Sherlock began to rattle on about one of his findings as John mentally prepared himself for a weekend at Mycroft’s.
Sherlock sighed. “It looked like both men had been attacked by an animal and viciously so. I think it has something to do with whatever is in the vials. Carberry was working on something related to this—”
“…Mr. Holmes has connections, specifically through his brother, but Mycroft Holmes has been censured and grounded until he cooperates with the police. Diplomatic privileges, I suppose.” He ended in an irritated huff.
“I think I saw Mary. She was speaking with Coney.” John looked back behind himself, but the woman was gone.
“Come along, Watson.” Sherlock grabbed his companion’s elbow once more as he dragged him to the corner and out of eyesight of Coney as he finally broke away from his conversation to walk into
John sighed as he crept slowly toward Sherlock to avoid making any noise along the walkway. “Holmes.” He whispered sharply as he took a hold of Sherlock’s arm.
“Sherlock!” Mycroft shouted from the top of the stairs, “you need to leave the case alone! Besides, Mrs. Hudson will be back soon with tea!”
“Inspector Lestrade,” Mycroft appeared, flanking both his brother and Lestrade, “perhaps we should talk about this in your office?”
Sherlock nodded as he watched Madame Loire walk away briskly, but he paid little attention to it before turning back to Mr. McArthur who was in the process of beginning another hunting trip story.
“However,” Sherlock stood up straight as he pulled out a slip of paper from his pocket, “I need you to pick up a few things for me. Do you think you can find them by tonight?”
“Hurry, Watson.” Sherlock commanded as he ran into the street before calmly walking to the front entrance of
John shook his head. “That’s not a good idea, I’m afraid. We need you to stay here if you can. I appreciate you helping Mrs. Hudson.”
The heiress gawked at John who just shrugged before looking back at Sherlock. “With the governess, Mr. Holmes.”
John walked to the safe and crouched down. He could see Sherlock holding several documents. Sherlock handed the documents to John, and John looked at Sherlock before looking down at the documents. He could see a police report detailing the night Carberry was murdered and some information about Schuller’s drug poisonings with a memo stating that John was known to be in connection with the poisonings.
“Monsieur McArthur.” Madame Loire repeated sternly, crossing her arms as she tapped her foot in indignation.
, Lestrade.” Sherlock shot back, “Watson has never taken his revolver with him when he’s visiting patients. You can look through our house if you want, but not only will you find it, you’ll see that it hasn’t been used in quite some time.”
John nodded as he smiled widely, but the smile quickly faded once he realized that Mycroft was also with Sherlock.
military history, to be exact.” Sherlock corrected, now resting with one hand over his forehead as the other hung out away from the sofa.
Lestrade inched toward the detective as he lowered his voice. “The evidence you have is barely circumstantial, and you know it.”
Moriarty smiled to himself as he watched the men work, satisfied that his plan was fully underway despite some minor hiccups.
“Oh my god…” The nauseous feeling he had suffered just seconds before returned as he stared back at the house. The front part of the house of what used to be the judge’s office had been blown out causing the second floor to collapse. The rest of the front of the house was now engulfed in flames.
John nodded, but he was unsure if he was following Sherlock’s line of deduction. About a moment later, Fedorov barged into the sitting room. He glared at Sherlock and John, standing in the middle of the space.
John smiled, however as he pushed downward into Sherlock’s body, a loud crash interrupted the moment.
Wheeler jumped out of the way of Saxon thrashing around with the police. “What in the world is going on? I was only informed of this this morning. Saxon?”
“Watson even said it himself; I’m the only one who can help him…” Sherlock slumped down into the sofa, “…but I’m probably the reason why he’s in this mess…”
John closed his eyes shut, counting to himself as he listened to Sherlock hum loudly to himself as he waited for John to finish summarizing their findings. After another moment, John opened his eyes slowly with an exhale before tapping on one of their potential stops.
The man evaded Lestrade before tossing his cap onto the chair next to the fire. Lestrade watched the man take off his heavy coat and he gasped as soon as he recognized his late evening caller.
“Gentlemen, when I give specific instructions, I expect them to be followed to the letter, not done carelessly…”
John scrunched up his face; he was becoming furious again that Sherlock had seeming intended for Schuller to escape Westgate, but he knew that bringing up the escape would do little good given the current situation.
“And here is our murder weapon.” Sherlock said with delight, patting John on the shoulder, “nice work, ol’ boy.”
John waved him off with a smile as he reached downward to grab the bags. “It’s all right, Mr. McArthur.”
“Not everything will result in scandal and intrigue, Holmes.” Watson smiled before returning to his food.
“Holmes, this man is most likely dangerous. I don’t think it’s a good idea for us to pursue him especially since he took his revolver.”
Lestrade sighed heavily before answering. “I don’t know what that has to do with the matter at hand, Holmes.”
As his brother blathered on, Sherlock motioned with his head slightly toward the front door, indicating to Wiggins that he should take the opportunity of Mycroft facing away to leave the sitting room.
But before John could finish his statement, the sight of a shadowy figure running across the cemetery and into the carriage house interrupted his thought. Sherlock gasped with delight as John hung his head, shaking it before taking in and letting out a deep, drawn-out breath.
Mycroft eyed Sherlock. “Well, yes…and the doctors are—or were acquaintances so there’s a good chance Dr. Watson lost the pendant at Carberry’s prior to his last visit.”
time, what does that have to do with Carberry? Also, may I remind everyone that a very dangerous man is still on the loose in London.”
“Schuller’s asking to see you, sir.” One of the men greeted Moriarty, pointing behind himself at a narrow hallway that led to other storage areas in the cellar.
John sighed once more before Sherlock held up his free hand. “Look, Watson.” He pointed at a few specks of blood leading out of the dining room toward the kitchen.
Gladstone, who was sleeping in his bed nestled next to the fireplace, perked up before walking over to Sherlock to lick his hand.
“…I understand…and I apologize for being such a grump earlier…” As soon as he reached Sherlock, he rubbed his arms, “part of my frustration is not being able to get a nice quiet moment between the two of us that doesn’t involve work…”
“Lestrade,” Sherlock stood up from the chair to be at eye level with the inspector, “Watson and I found faked documents at Judge Becket’s house pertaining to the Carberry case. How would the judge have access to such documents?”
“Well!” An overly dressed man wearing a perpetual smug expression on his face sitting directly across the table from Mycroft clapped his hands together, “that was quite the meal, Mycroft!”
The guide nodded. “Why yes, sir, actually…” She motioned for John and Sherlock to follow her to a tiny room off to the side of the main central hallway, “we had two historians from the University of London working on an exhibit on Lord Collingwood’s role in the Battle of Trafalgar.”
Mr. McArthur laughed loudly for the third time, almost spilling his cup of tea. James leaned forward in his seat with a loud sigh.
John sighed once more for good measure as he sat up straight in the chair. Despite the seriousness of Sherlock’s actions in the last few hours, John knew he needed to be completely honest.
John sighed as he followed behind. Sherlock, in a gruff-sounding voice, gave the driver an address that was about a block away from their house. Not long after they arrived, they could see that the police had blocked off the main street that led to their house.
John stood alone in the room, looking around aimlessly until his eyes landed on the desk where Henry kept his stash of vials. He shook his head, knowing that Sherlock was right, but also knew that if they didn’t stop whoever murdered his colleague, more people would get hurt. He took another second before racing after Sherlock who was waiting for him by their hansom.
“Holmes,” John tried to call without alerting the men to their position, “what are you looking at? We need to leave.”
Detective Baynes eyed Sherlock before stepping back one step but he still had his handcuffs out. He took a moment before taking an official looking document from his pocket.
John expressed his confusion as he looked as best as he could down the corridor see the guard sitting at the desk playing cards. He groaned with an eye roll as he faced Sherlock directly again, convinced that his companion had lost his mind.
They continued down the hallway until the surrounding furnishings indicated that they had passed from the servants’ side of the house to the main part. They walked down the hallway, passing rooms until they found what looked to be the judge’s office and library. John waited before entering, watching Sherlock walk slowly into the space.
Sherlock groaned as he let John gently push him down into the bed. John straddled Sherlock, leaning downward to kiss him. Sherlock paused as John kissed his neck, clearly annoyed that he had been called to bed so early with a case on the line.
John glared at Sherlock who remained steadfast. They both stared at each other, is if engaging in some sort of match that the two only knew the rules. John glared and Sherlock expressed his contentment.
The heiress turned to nod back at John before facing Sherlock again. “Please, Mr. Holmes. You must stay for dinner.”
Sherlock’s expression had changed slightly as he listened to John. “Perhaps, that seems most likely considering their past relationship.”
“Thank you for your quickness. We had an unfortunate accident early this evening…” Sherlock had the police follow him to the dining room where they found Standish.
Sherlock rounded the desk to stand next to John at the visitor’s chair. “It also helped that he dropped his calling card when he left in such a hurry.” He smiled as he handed John a small card. John inspected the card to find a set of initials that matched the name of the judge from the case files.
John scrunched up his face before reaching for the cutlery next to his plate. “Basil Whitehall is a thug disguised as a MP, but I highly doubt he would go to such lengths to keep his seat.”
Schuller looked down at Moriarty’s hand before slowing looking up at the professor whose expression remained content. Schuller nodded curtly to acknowledge that he did in fact remember their last encounter.
“We need to leave, Mycroft and test these samples.” Sherlock commanded swiftly as he found another window to pry open. This time he took his time and opened it without a hitch.
John sighed, knowing that Sherlock would remained stubborn on the subject of traveling to the other side of the country.
get involved. Baynes has his evidence and his reasoning. But like I already said, I can’t discuss it any further with you because you’re close to the suspect.”
“I could hear Schuller talking to himself often…most of it was unintelligible…but…” John squeezed his eyes shut as he thought back to his cell at Westgate, “…I do remember the first night…Schuller talking about an academic or something rather…I couldn’t really comprehend what he was referring to, maybe Carberry?”
John and Sherlock waited a bit longer before the group in the sawmill broke up into smaller groups. A couple of the men exited the sawmill while the rest of the group stayed behind, working on the object that was left on the table. Their voices grew quieter, so it became difficult to discern anything further from their conversation.
Sherlock shook his head. “The point, Watson, is that you’ve been a target from the very beginning, hence why you’ve been framed for your colleague’s murder. But I failed to see the connection until now. And, indeed, Schuller is dangerous, but he’s not the one we should be worried about.”
Sherlock read the telegram before closing his book abruptly. “I knew Lestrade was more helpful than he’s typically able.”
The unexpected encouragement changed Sherlock’s expression who smiled back before recovering quickly by pretending to read something in Carberry’s journal.
“Gentlemen, please!” Sherlock grabbed William by the collar, but was soon knocked to the ground by a wayward elbow. John ran over to help his companion, nearly dropping Mycroft who was sitting on the floor, still exceedingly dizzy.
“Holmes,” John interrupted, “while I have to admit that I appreciate your fortitude in recognizing that I was in danger that
But before John kissed Sherlock once more, he held still, holding him down, looking at him intently.
Sherlock grinned as he looked at John then back at the guide. “How untimely. Do you remember the names of these two battling historians?”
With a contained laugh, Moriarty looked up at his men who were standing in the back before looking directly at Schuller again.
The guard nodded as he accepted the pass. He read it over a few times, looking up at Mycroft and Sherlock in between glances.
John sighed to himself, leaning forward to rest his head in hands, too shocked to piece together the situation.
Warden James nodded as he turned around to type the code into the keypad again. “Of course, Mr. Holmes.”
strange.” Mycroft shrugged again as he uncovered his plate. He clapped his hands together before laying a cloth napkin on his lap. He motioned for John to do the same who was still in disbelief that Sherlock would go back into the city after the bombing.
He was swiftly interrupted by Sherlock wiggling away underneath him, shaking his head as he propelled his body from the bed and out of the room.
Mycroft took a bite out of his pastry before placing the plate on the nearest table. “Sherly…I don’t mean to upset you. I’m only concerned about your wellbeing…”
“…a page in this journal is missing…” Sherlock commented mostly to himself, as he flipped through a journal he had found on Dr. Carberry’s desk. He inspected the torn page before flipping through a few more pages.
Detective Baynes remained unmoved, but Lestrade could tell that the detective was hiding something. What it was, he wasn’t entirely sure yet.
John turned around before finding a chair to sit in. He nodded thoughtfully. “I don’t think you’re entirely opposed to it, so yes.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Okay, so you managed to decipher a poorly structured poem written by our thief.”
“Sherly…we can’t do much the rest of the day…besides, you should definitely get some rest so you can visit Dr. Watson tomorrow…I’ll…” Mycroft rolled his eyes dramatically, “make sure you can see him. Is the matter settled now?”
“What in the world?” John said out loud as he sat up in the bed before letting out a cry brought on from the aches and pains from the night before. John clinched his eyes shut as he slowly reminded himself that he was in the guestroom of Mycroft’s estate and not at Baker Street.
John sighed as he rose from the bed to find a robe. He secured the robe before walking out into the sitting room to hear a man speaking to Mrs. Hudson beyond the door, but he didn’t recognize the voice.
John groaned. “Are you never off the clock, Holmes? Please relax this weekend. I assure you nothing sinister is occurring underneath the surface.”
Sherlock let out a deep sigh. “You were in the dining room with Standish after the guests retired for the evening, correct?”
The man next to Standish grumbled before disengaging himself. “That would be an overstatement saying you had any to begin with, Standish.” He said, his voice stern and his expression harsh.
Madame Loire’s face turned even more red. She nodded her head quickly before shoving the photograph back into her pocket.
“Well,” John clapped his hands together, “I’m sure young James can tell us all about this wonderful house.”
Lestrade sighed, looking up from his desk just in time to see Detective Baynes walking past the open door to his office.
“Holmes,” he started in a low whisper, “I don’t know what you have up your sleeve, but please go about it quietly, understood?”
Sherlock waved John off as he stared off determinedly at whatever was out the window. “Holmes.” John called again, but Sherlock wouldn’t respond.
He turned slightly toward one of the windows overlooking the campus, grinning to himself as he drank his tea, watching miniature figures bustle about the green. As soon as he finished his tea, Moriarty placed the empty cup back on the cart before writing a note to his research assistant that the water for the tea could be a little less hot as it will burn it.
“Mycroft, please.” Sherlock said curtly, now dragging Mycroft by the arm, “you’ll alert everyone to our presence here if you continue wailing about.”
“Well!” Mr. McArthur slapped an armrest to get everyone’s attention, “speaking of ghost stories, would you gentlemen be interested in visiting our newest acquisition?” He leaned toward Sherlock and John.
He regarded me askew.  I pulled the tickets from my pocket, and I waved them as a flag before his face.  “Tickets to Wagner,” I explained.  “Would you do me the great honour?”
inside.  Over here's the dining table...”  I followed closely at his heels, as though this were a wondrous spectacle indeed to be a party to.  “...Now, mind the hat stand to your left.  Here is the sofa, where I sit, you know...”
I told him then, of what transpired after we parted on the Saturday.  Holmes nodded slowly, saying nothing until I'd rumbled to a halt.  “It was a physical affair,” he said reflectively.
“It is the way of country staff that they ask no questions at the time but gossip much about it later.  Jane informs me that the gardener appeared and was in service for a month.  It was understood his time should not extend far beyond that.  During this period, he carried out all of the work here as you see it.  He was cheerful – for both servants heard him whistling as he worked – and there was nothing in the lady's manner during this time that caused concern.  Jane heard her mistress and the gardener talking together more than once, and what she overheard was always genial.  I have a fair description of the fellow, at any rate.”
He shrugged, and rose.  “This is the fireplace,” he said, now in a winsome tone of voice.  (Oh, he was playing with me now, I realised with great delight.)  “And over here we have the bookshelves – dry old tomes you would dislike, I'm very sure.  And here's the table where I do all my experiments.  Don't touch the test tubes, Watson, they have
Mrs. Oaks was still delayed by six o'clock.  With resignation, Holmes allowed himself to be eased into his overcoat, and together we set off for the short walk down to Rose Lane.  The night was still, and we were quiet too, as we hovered by the gate on our arrival.  A light was burning in a ground floor room; the upper rooms were black.  I walked alone to the front step and, with a deep breath, rapped the brass knocker.  I waited a good moment, but to no answer from within.  I turned around to look at Holmes.  I rapped again.
We slept, a little; a few hours at least.  And then, when we awoke, we did it all over again.  In the small hours of the morning we were tucked into each other, sometimes asleep and often not, just breathing, waiting for the dawn for some strange reason, where we could proclaim at last, now,
And he scooted to his chair-edge, and I scooted so to mine, and we both sat there, tense and coiled, perchance to pounce.
“Pike was never a friend,” replied Holmes.  “But then, he was never a foe.  At the least, I shall meet with him and see what he says.  He has included no terms in his letter.  Dear me, John, what
That afternoon was curious.  Mrs. Hudson served us lunch, after which we sat and idled with a pot of strong black coffee.  Holmes seemed over-agitated.  He cast me frequent anxious glances and turned away if I acknowledged them.  He took down first one volume and then another from the bookshelf, yet not finding what he sought, for his strange mood did not improve.
“Holmes,” I said.  “I absolutely cannot grow my hair.  I must go to the barber, or I shall go mad.  So what can we do?”
“You foul part-timer.”  Toby stood and combed his hair before the mirror at the dresser.  “Do you still have your key?”
“No sane client would be out in this weather,” said he.  He stood up all the same and, with a shiver, headed off for the stair, and a warm set of clothes.  I took the place he had vacated; the seat was warm, his trace remaining.  I burrowed down, I lit my pipe, I watched the coals pop in the hearth.
“I should much like to hear your own side of the matter,” said Holmes in conclusion.  He looked to the man with the curious name.  “If you are quite recovered.”
And Sherlock Holmes was there, perched on a chair, reading a book.  He raised his head and smiled at me.
“Well, that is elementary,” I said, with a broad smile creeping onto my face.  “As a grand lunatic, Holmes.  You should know that by now.  A clever one, yes,” I added – observing his crestfallen expression – “but a lunatic all the same.”
The door opened a fraction and then wider.  I slowly became dimly aware that my friend had very seldom been inside my room.  I squinted up.  He smiled, a little, queasily.
Holmes looked contrite.  “It wasn't meant to be.  I like most everything about you.  It's been so long since I've liked anyone, you know.”
There were very few items scattered: some powder compacts on the table, a few dusty perfume bottles with applicators, a long bristled hairbrush, an oval mirror upon its stand.  The wardrobe doors were open, and I discreetly peeped inside.  There were long dark gowns and sequinned jackets, dowdy dresses and buckled boots, a small number of hat boxes.
I arose at seven the next morning, after a restless night with precious little sleep.  I washed and dressed.  In my impatience to be done, my waistcoat was misbuttoned and I forgot to comb my hair.  I raced downstairs to the sitting-room.  No-one there!  I heard a humming from the bedroom, and I found myself upon the outer side of it, and knocking, three soft raps.  The humming stopped.  The door cracked open, and Holmes's face peeped out.
“You never do,” said Holmes.  “You are the least observant man I ever met.”  He joined me then, and stared down at his place.  “Oh!”
“Mrs. Oaks,” I reminded him gently.  “An old friend of Mrs. Hudson's.  We are lucky that she agreed to housekeep for us, and that she already lives so close to our new home.”
, at any rate.”  He yawned and stretched like a sleek cat upon his chair.  “Quite a dull day, but never mind, it can't be helped.”
“I don't know,” he said, his mouth downturned.  “I really have no idea.  Why my aunt should have had such a change of heart to bring about this... this metamorphosis... while the house still lies in disrepair, is quite beyond me.  And no-one here can explain or put me straight on anything.”
“I am glad that one of us is in some way domesticated,” Holmes replied.  “I imagine you'd like to cut into that sponge cake now.  You've had your eye on it the entire time we've been talking.”
“Holmes,” I said, “you really must eat something.  The stem of your pipe does not count, my dear fellow.”
, so much the better.”  He struck a fingernail against the upper third of his filled wine glass, and the sound, so sweet and thin, reverberated.  “I want to hear about the Army.  How you started, where you went, how you enjoyed it.”
And Mrs. Hudson came up later with a telegram for Holmes.  It pertained to Victor's mystery, and carried news from Cuba.  Holmes read it through and grunted, but would tell me nothing of it.
“Suicide.  Or murder.  That's what we must find out.  Shot through the head, at any rate.  I'm off out there now to take a look.”  The inspector shook his head as though this were a weary chore he had to do.  “I've called in a consultant, because we'll need his help, I think.  It's an important case.”
“I shall be moving to the country, sir, to lodge with a dear friend until I find a new position.  I am tired of city life.  There is so much crime and upset, I cannot bear it any longer.  A nice position in a nice country house will suit me very well.  One more week and I'll be gone.”
Holmes was talking softly to the terrier, praising its spirit, patting down its sandy haunch.  He examined the brass name tag at the collar.
It took us fifteen minutes to remove the yellow paint from Holmes's fingers, already chafed and beaten from his earlier endeavour – but at length the deed was done.  We resettled ourselves, the windows wide open, and surveyed the room anew.
Holmes bounded out of his chair and hovered over my shoulder.  His displeasure was clear.  “For some woman.”
My brain was throbbing.  “The lady looks no different now, from when we first arrived.  And nothing has been stolen.  In fact!”  I said, exclaiming, “In fact, she has been bringing food, and going quite out of her way to make us comfortable!  That is, apart from last night, but...”
I stamped through to the kitchen, now in an ill temper.  I deposited the baked goods on the table, and cut myself a generous piece of last night's pie.  This I ate without a napkin or a plate, dropping crumbs through to the sitting-room, where the fire was in its throes of dying out.  I jabbed it crossly with the poker, tossed a few coals upon the top, and watched it groan back into life.  I did not like to think of anyone in pain, emotional or otherwise.  In some small way I wanted to assist, and now felt thwarted in the doing so.  Distracted thus, I finished the meat pie.  I wanted tea.  Back to the kitchen, where I made a noise with every cupboard door.
“I meant each word,” I said.  “I've hurt you; I'm so sorry.”  I took a breath.  “Please can we talk?”
Isobel and Jane had paid attention all through dinner, and now with coffee in the sitting-room, they sat on either side of my suspicious self and played at the coquette.  How ladies talk so!  All the questions made my head spin.  There was a rivalry between them, it appeared, with Isobel the elder making a greater play and fight for my attention.  Anstruther meanwhile sat and chuckled in amusement to himself, winked at his wife and shook his head, as if to say
Mr. Dawkins smiled as he polished.  “Ah no, sir, 'tis but paralytic polio in my right leg, back from when I was a lad.  Feel free to take a look around the shop, sir.  Always happy to help.”
have insulted his mother, or whoever it is wedged inside that hideous picture frame he keeps on that mess of a desk of his.  It could be his wife, I suppose.  Oh well.  Anyway--”
“I'll drop by again tomorrow,” I continued.  “Perhaps a little later in the morning, if that suits you.”
So we sat, each in our separate worlds, for one hour and then the next.  The evening failed to bring Lestrade's reply, compelling us to wait a longer while, which nettled Holmes to no small degree.  He picked up books and flung them down again.  His violin was plucked, then cast aside.  He smoked three pipes and grumbled sotto voce until I had to interject.
of him...  I kissed his skin, caressed the fullness of his arse and, with my fingers, touched the point where we were joined.  We stilled, and clung on to each other.  “Are you all right?”
“I am not going to make a fuss,” said he.  “I am going to wash my hair.  My ears still itch and I smell of flowers.”
“I remember only a few words,” I whispered, “and nothing of what happened.  All of us were very drunk.”
And now, my hands upon him, easing the stitches from his flesh.  His breath was rapid now.  I was surprised he had not voiced a loud complaint about the sting.
Sherlock Holmes lowered his eyes and fixed me with a keen regard.  “So you assumed that I might not,” said he.  I took him in: he was a vision; the most dashing fellow in the hall.  I felt the colour in my cheeks rise to a fervent shade of ardour.
We talked between us, then, of London, of our work and our acquaintances.  I found Holmes solid company, inquisitive and humorous.  He dissected all the guests within the room, to my delight.  Perhaps I learned more than I should have done; at least I would not tell.  I asked him something of his own life; he was taciturn and vague.  He had grown up here, in this house, 'til university, which was a lonely time for him, so far away from home, and yet – “It was the making of me, Watson,” he declared.  “It taught me many things eventually, not least of which that, yes, in fact, I
I accepted, and we shook.  I saw him visibly relax; as well relieved as I, perhaps, to renegotiate a friendship of some sort.  He didn't linger; felt it awkward to, I think.  I spent the next hour quite alone, writing up notes and filing documents.  In the afternoon I went to see Anstruther, and found him busy overseeing decorations to the hall: framed prints and mottoes on the wall, assorted curios.
The cab ride was swift, taking just fifteen minutes.  Peregrine Way is a three-storied terrace row of modern red-brick and wrought iron.  Neither overly well-to-do nor in the less thought-of locales, it maintains a pleasant aspect.  A gaggle of curious souls from the street had collected outside number nine.  All talking in unison, and no doubt distracting the constable at sentry by the black-painted door.  The curtains on the ground floor were still drawn; the first floor likewise.  The top level of the house had all drapes parted, one window raised.
Holmes became quiet.  I allowed him the space that he needed, and tackled the problem within my own head, for all the good that might do.  Our visitors of yesterday: the cuckolded and tongue-tied Mr. Flowers, and the excitable Roger Sloan; and woven between them, the mysterious tarot lady whom we had still to meet: the Gypsy May.  How very strange, all of these characters; their suppositions and their stories.  It felt apparent that the gypsy was somehow connected to our problem, but exactly as to how I could not tell.
“Well, so how much do you know?” said Chico Bruce.  “If you found out both our name and our address, then it must be almost everything.  My real mother – Augusta – was unmarried when she had me.  I was adopted straightaway, I'm told, to a loving ma and pa who were unable to have any children of their own, and who already knew Augusta very slightly.  I grew up in Cuba, which is far away from here.  Our family knew precious little Spanish, as strange as that might seem.  My old pa knew enough to manage.  He died when I was seven.  I had to try my best to earn my keep.  I took a job, yes, even then, it was tough labour for a boy.  And I never learned to read nor write.  My ma took care of that for me.  She'd read me fairytales and all the like, and write my letters too.  She tried to teach me, but I never got the hang of how she told me.  I never went to school, you see.  But that doesn't mean I'm ignorant.”
“I love you,” I told him.  “Whatever it is, you surely can tell me.  We have no secrets from one another, after all.”
He did not give me time to hesitate.  Launching himself upon my arm, we hurtled through the doorway to be greeted by a who-knows-what.
“It is a skull, gentlemen, nothing less and nothing more.  If that does not interest you, then there are many other items in my shop that may well do.  It is not for sale.  You may, however, view it for a fee, as I have mentioned.”
The club appeared to be deserted.  We exchanged a few words with the genial attendant at Reception, and then passed through into the corridor beyond.  Holmes was silent, which spelled misfortune for the fellow in the furthermost room.
He chuckled heartily.  “You've breakfasted already?  Very well.  Come smoke a pipe with me, at least.  I've barely had the time for that, what with your clanging on the bell at this ungodly hour.”
I leapt to turn the key, a grand frustration in the scheme of things.  I joined Holmes on the bed again.
Holmes pushed his chair back and stood up.  We stepped out into the street and blinked the noon sun from our eyes.  My friend hailed a hansom, and then to my considerable surprise gave Pall Mall as the instruction to our driver.
“Oh, oh!” said she.  “A doctor!”  Then:  “Oh, oh!” again.  A giggle and a clicking of the boot heels informed me that the lady found this information tickling.  I might have queried it, but at that very moment we swung into a long drive, and there – my word! –
“--Yes, yes, all right,” said he.  “Good gracious, how you rattle on.  I'd rather that you chew your pipe.”  He paused.  “By the way, it is a
“Did you step on a tack, Mr. Holmes?” asked old Oaks, as he brought through the trays and set them down on the table.  “Or have you twisted your knee?  Aye, I know what that's like.  You get to an age, and then
“Is this too soon for you?” I ask him, anxious now.  I am worried that I am pushing him, too soon, too much, too fast.
,” complained Sherlock Holmes.  His brows were drawn to knots.  I could not help but notice that his waistcoat was unbuttoned, and his cuffs were loose and flapping at his wrists.
It was a little after midday when Holmes rejoined me.  He slid into a chair, loosened his jacket and reached out to shake the teapot.  There was enough still for one cup, which he prepared and took a sip from.  I, the meanwhile, was all anxiety and questions.  All around us, a happy hum of contented people drinking their tea and eating fondants.  They might not even have existed, such was the extent of my focus on my friend.
“Indeed they were, Dr. Watson.  By this gentleman here, more's the shame.  Five of them, all filled up with flour and water, and then just left to set solid.  There's flour all over the kitchen floor, and a puddle on my table top.  What will you say for yourself, Mr. Holmes?”
“In a what?  Holmes, what are you doing?”  I rattled the doorknob once again.  I looked down sadly at my feet where a thaw-puddle had appeared.  My toes were numb; my fingers number.
We were both very quiet for a moment.  Holmes appeared on the verge of a word or a comfort, but in the end he said nothing.
It was a Wednesday, and Wednesdays were always slow, or seemed to be.  I leaned back in my chair, and cast my eyes down to my desk.  Set upon it: one foolscap notepad, a drying inkwell, a pewter pen-rack, and a shallow tray of mahogany where I filed all my loose papers.  A glass paperweight, that served no useful function but to sit aside, neglected, caught the light from my sole window, only serving to remind me that life bloomed outside; yet here I sat, drilling my fingers, yawning.
I broke into laughter.  “There are few things I enjoy more,” I informed him, “than unintentional innuendo.”
“Well, he packed up and left, didn't he.  His place has been gutted empty, not a table nor a chair there now.  Didn't leave a forwarding address either, no.  Just scooted out of town, and no-one knows where.  His mutt's with the next door neighbour now, I'm told.  Silly fool got into a mess, that's all I can think.  Owed someone too much money, aye.  He always was a tad nutty in the putty.”
“I would rather have my cigarette,” said he, with eyebrows raised.  He lit one standing by the fireplace, and exhaled plumes into the air.
“The master might have said something, but he never put it in writing.  I didn't want it anyway!  And I can't remember!”
We listened to the rapid steps of Mrs. Hudson, trotting to the door.  We heard a quiet conversation, then the tread of heavy boots upon the stair.
I found myself annoyed with Holmes – a familiar occurrence – and I raked a hand across my head in agitation.  The tufts each made a break for freedom from the furrows of the comb.  They landed every which way and at right angles to my crown.
“I observed, and I deduced,” said Holmes.  “Miss Alice was in turmoil with her brother, and so I kept a weather eye out, so to speak.”
Holmes's behaviour inside the old antiques shop was baffling to me.  I had anticipated a barrage of questions that related to the skull, when in fact all my friend deemed necessary was a discussion around the admirable quartz point pendant at Dawkins' neck.  The shop held no other customers at present, and I wondered how the fellow could earn a living on such pickings.  The Bizarre seemed such a dormant, dusty nook – almost somnambulant – ill in keeping with the bustle of Pall Mall a stretch away.  I was drawn, then, towards the curtained room, curious beyond all measure and most tempted for a second turn with the handsome life-size jasper.  I had resolved to find the book I had once read on these strange objects, for I remembered very little of the history.  Apparently (as I recalled), a great many thousands of years in the past, there had been thirteen clear quartz skulls, each one created by a separate master craftsman.  Individually, they held power enough – but placed together they were said to hold immeasurable strengths of knowledge and of healing.  Where were they now?  The vast majority lost, or buried, or shattered?  Their 'descendants' – such as the jasper – continued the fascination with the legend, which many people still believed in, it was clear.
“We can do little else at present,” he replied.  “Better this than the four of us charging up on their doorstep, for that would only put them on the offensive.”
Our Blue Room was little changed from last we saw it.  I heaved the beds together once again, and unpacked our bag.  This could be our final night here, and after that no more.  The thought displeased me, made me frown for Victor's sake.  The lad deserved a better outcome; he deserved some happiness.
“And not a dratted minute too soon,” said our friend the Inspector.  “There's the whistle now.  Whatever kept you?”
The morning: most unwelcome.  We gazed bleary-eyed upon it, bade it go away; it stayed, alas, to thumb its nose and laugh.
“Yes!  You see how much you notice, when you try?  Well done, Watson.  Now, let me see what this old fellow has to say.”
Holmes barked a short laugh.  He lit two fresh cigarettes, and handed me one: an intimate act, with the moist of his lips on the foot of my roll.  I thrilled as I touched my own mouth to the paper, and drew in a lungful of strong sweet tobacco.
Next day, the sun was glorious, with scarce a cloud to threaten it.  We flung the windows wide, and took deep breaths of the green air.  Today, I vowed, would bring a resolution to
“This is the place?” I looked about me.  “But the room is almost empty, Holmes.  A bed, a chair, a wardrobe, a dressing table...”
I slept again.  The sun was rising when I blinked awake.  My friend was sitting propped against the headboard, and his hand was in my hair.  “Good morning, Watson,” he said softly.
, people get it wrong.”  I had released him by this point.  He bowed a courtly little bow, and smiled but slightly.  “My apologies once more.  I meant no harm.  I am on, how you say, my holidays?  To see the sights of England,
“How beautiful,” said Stone, as he released his hold and straightened up.  “Such warmth and humour.”
“You should be so lucky to find out,” I said.  I watched him flush and fumble, drop his cards, and clear his throat; and I considered that the greatest win of all.
A clanging from the room below.  We halted, listened to the saucepan racket as our neighbour's day began.
The elder brother laughed aloud.  “Oh, well done, Sherlock,” he said, doffing an imaginary hat.  “I wondered if you'd work it out.”
people by that name who live in Surrey,” he said, his mouth downturned.  “How very inconvenient.  We may narrow down the radius.  And now we have to hurry else we shall surely miss our train.”
His eyes flicked open and he tutted, cross, perhaps, that I should question him.  “I like it when you... talk,” he said.  “So, talk.”
I was still thinking in this vein ten minutes later, when Holmes stepped back into the room, now washed and dressed and ready for the day ahead.  With four long strides he was upon me, perched as an awkward barn owl on the chair arm.
going to wear some clothes, I hope,” I said, as I pulled open a drawer to remove a handful of shirts.
“Yes, William Eldritch,” said my friend.  “Now, I realise that it's a capital mistake to theorise in advance of the facts, but it's really too great a coincidence: this man gets out of prison, and more than likely he harbours a grudge. A few days later, here we are with these two phials that spell the onset of his surname.”  Holmes spread his hands.  “Well, it's a theory, if a poor one.  What do you say to it?”
me.  You'll pull the damned thing off.”  He lunged and caught my mouth to his.  “Don't dare to stop.  Do what you want.”  His breath was heavy in my ear.  “Take me as roughly as you'd like.”
, but I have no doubt that I could find them.  You should see some of the bottles!  Liqueurs I never heard the name of, and in simply frightful colours.  Pinks and blues and greens.  They must have been hidden there for years.  Would you care to...?”
,” as my tongue pressed against his entrance, probing deftly, and he was writhing now, and groaning very freely, curses, pleas and declarations, as I brought him to the brink.
“Mr. Talmadge, I am a detective, not a therapist,” Holmes said severely.  “Has a crime been committed?  Is there someone who threatens you?”
“I am a persecuted man, Mr. Holmes,” said the fellow at last, and again, with finality.  He settled on his seat, but then removed a silver snuff box from an inside jacket pocket and inhaled a tickling pinch.
The fellow looked at me again.  His grey eyes scanned me from my head down to my boots.  He seemed to wrestle with a thought, to thrust it down and contemplate a second one.  “Oh, I
“I want to tell you, Holmes,” I said, feeling emboldened of a sudden, “that you are free to speak with me on any subject you so choose.  Nothing is off limits.  You must not think of me as some sad shrinking violet.  I enjoy debate, and am, I think, unshockable.  I would like it quite especially if you discussed your casework with me.”
“Here, boy!” I said.  “Good boy.”  The puppy whined and launched itself.  I staggered back; a small pup, yes, but with some weight to him!  “It's very kind of you to care for him,” I said to the good lady (Mrs. Briggs, my downstairs neighbour, in case the reader wants to know).
Holmes was seated opposite.  Considerately, he had rescued my book from its tumble; had closed it and set it aside on the table.  He had been watching me awhile, I thought, so settled was his pose, his chin tucked into his left palm, propped up.
I could not help laughing.  “A little!  And here it is almost nine-thirty.  I should say rather more than a little.”
“I am going out for a short while,” said Holmes.  “An hour or two, that's all.  You need not come with me; the weather is filthy.  I am off to Charing Cross.  I will be quite safe, don't pout like that.  No,
We found a quiet bench, and sat.  Holmes sighed, and turned his face towards the morning sun.  “Watson,” he said, soft, “what do you want from me?”
I copied Stone's manoeuvre, and closed my eyes as he had done.  What I thought, I could not say.  What I felt, perhaps: in my left palm, the faintest tingle, growing stronger.  I opened my eyes, removed my hands.
“Hardly perfect,” said he, as he rinsed out the cloth.  “I am battleworn now.  I have scars.  I have lines.”  He pointed.  “Grey hairs.”
I read on, to quiet approval from my audience.  All was proceeding very nicely, until I reached the midway mark.  To my vast horror, I then realised that parts had been papered over and rewritten; another's hand.
“I don't care,” said he, still pulling on my jacket as we lurched towards the exit.  “Gregson is an imbecile.  Lestrade is a farcical bungler.  We should go home.”
, really?  You must be as deaf as a parrot.”  (He hesitated then, and looked at me sharply.)  “Our esteemed landlady,” he continued, “honked her way out of her rooms, and honked twofold across the hallway, and was still honking when she reached me, whereupon she grabbed me by the elbow, Watson.  The
“That's what I mean,” said Sherlock Holmes, “you've no decorum.”  But he winked at me, and so my feelings were not hurt at all.
,” I said, stroking down his thigh, feeling the ripple of the hair and the goosebumping of the flesh.
“If these phials are spelling the danger, then I don't like it, John, not in the least,” he replied.  “Look at them.  Look once again.  And now think.  Think back.”
He pushed to the safe door and reset the lock.  The panelling was moved into place.  I watched him make note of the combination.  After all of this had been done, we returned to the sitting-room where our two friends were waiting so patiently.
Our food arrived, a fine distraction from the tension we had somehow both engendered, and we ate, and drank the wine, and spoke no more until our plates had been scraped clean.
“These are for you,” I said.  Into his face, I thrust a bunch of flowers; tulips and daffodils.  As a side-note, I held out a box of chocolates.  “And these.”
“Mrs. Barker,” said he, “I found something curious while I was inspecting your master's bedroom.  Do you have any idea as to where the jasper skull might be now?  It has disappeared from its shelf.”
The door yawned wider yet.  And there – yes – there he was, still so familiar to us even out of uniform.
“Why, a sample of handwriting that matches the one on the burnt paper.  Anything that might relate to the garden itself.  Honestly, John, what do you
“Oh,” I said.  “You heard.”  I peered around him to the room behind, which seemed a pleasant space to live: tall windows, and mahogany, and tasselled rugs and sofas, dappled over with pale sunlight.  My face must have been wistful, for Sherlock Holmes looked at me strangely.
We found ourselves in bed again.  Or rather, on the top of it, lounging, smoking cigarettes, and talking.  A novelty for us – the sprawling on the bed in daylight – for we rarely were so bold back in the hold of Baker Street.  We spoke little of our old life back in London, for our focus was quite strongly on the future and our exciting plans.  Holmes wished to study philosophy, and even agriculture, and of course, work with his bees at some near future opportunity.  (“They are becoming less theoretical by the day,” said he, a smile upon his face.)  As for me, I yearned to catch up with my reading – all those books! – and learn to garden, which was something I had done scant little of, but which intrigued me now, with all the land we had outside to front and back.
“Inside my wardrobe drawer,” said he – as if that were a commonplace and safe enough location.  “John, don't
“I should not be thinking of plates in the first place,” said Holmes.  “It was your idea for a springtime picnic, not mine.”
early on, then yes, I think I would have minded.  There may have been a frightful scene.”  He smiled.  “In matters of the heart, you know, I used to be irrational.  At least, more than I am
Now that I was here, with just an ash-stained rug between us, and four walls hemming us in, I was not sure quite what to say.
“Be quiet, Watson.  It rarely happens.  Oh, blast this game!  You'd shave your moustache if I requested it.”
“They are his friends, yes.  Well, that is all for the time being.  No, there is no need to get up, Mrs. Barker, we shall see ourselves out.  Good morning.”
“Any small number of reasons,” replied Holmes.  “I am going to look around now.  Sit down and behave.”
He waged a battle with himself for just a minute.  “Then I accept,” he said at last.  “Thank you,” he added.  It appeared that there was more that he might say, indeed, his mouth opened and closed, but further words did not spring forth.
His features softened.  “What are your thoughts on this?” he asked.  He pointed to the politician, crumpled, oddly folded.  There was a gun beside the body.
“I am coming to that,” my friend said.  “Please be patient.  I am a fairly good judge of character, as no doubt you are aware, after all these years of your accompanying me on my cases.  Question Dawkins as I might, I could find no chink within his armour.  He is nebulous, but well-meaning on the whole.  But, Watson, perhaps you might guess the name of one of the students in his class?”
“How can I be happy, when I have not the faintest notion as to what it is you've won?  Is it a medal for
My friend sat himself gingerly, inspecting and patting the grass as he did so.  Reassured that his trousers would not be the worse for it, he settled and smiled at me.  “There.”
“My name is Roger Sloan, and I live close by the National Gallery,” he explained.  “Not that that has much to do with anything.  I simply came here to warn you, Mr. Holmes, and that is all.  I have followed your casework with great interest – I see your name appear in the papers all the time, it seems, these days – and so I suppose you are something of a hero to me.  An inspiration, if you will.”
Of course I would have kept it all these years.  It had been with me through thick and thin.  I felt a pang of guilt at having tucked it out of sight for this long time.  The cover was a gaudy daub; the chapters were sensational:
“Yes,” said Holmes cautiously.  “I liked all of that.”  He thought for a moment.  “But I stand firm in my belief that Christmas pudding is yucky.”
“Not at all,” said Holmes.  “I am much obliged for your concern.  I assure you that I will bear everything in mind; you need not doubt it.”  This, with a courteous bow towards our visitor.
“Holmes, I swear to you, I speak the truth.  I'll admit that Stamford is a friend, and, well, I knew of your acquaintance, and he mentioned... that... but, for heaven's sake, I have no part in it.”
I placed down my bags, and frowned.  “Don't be a child.  Now then.  I shall call down for some tea, and perhaps Mrs. Hudson will bring us some of that nice cake that she baked yesterday.”
“To have you sleeping on the floorboards would be inhumane,” said he, “and there's no other place to go.”  He looked unsure, despite his bravado.
Still much later, when the tumult had subsided, and we were back from town together, and dinner had been eaten, and we were sitting with our brandies, I cast my eyes across to Holmes.  Still handsome – devilishly so – and lean, as much as ever.  A fleck of grey now at his temple, a line or two across his brow, but still as sharp, almost as vigorous, as the first day that we had met.  More human?  Yes.  Completely?  No.  For age could never wither his distaste for all society, nor temper his wild nature, still bohemian, forever pulling on the bit.
If he was optimistic of a reply then he received none, for I was on my hands and knees upon the carpet, seeking out my battered envelope.  I retrieved it, and sat down opposite my friend.  It was good that all my fingers were so occupied, for I felt the overwhelming urge to strangle him.  I tore the flap, and removed the typed sheet from within.  I read it, curiously at first, and then with burgeoning excitement.
He pulled out a further bundle, this one consisting of letters and paperwork and a few old, betattered diaries.  As I stared at the bounty now spread out around me, so neatly tied up with red ribbon, my friend set to reading the papers.
“Size isn't important,” said my friend.  (He heard my small impolite snort, but he paid it no heed.)  “The Blue Room will be perfect.  The beds can push together.”
“Well, then, was he the constable who leapt down into the well in the Mystery of the Floating Box?  No – wait – I think that was PC Lancer.  ...Holmes, I have no idea.”
The rug had been replaced, as had the lampshade.  There were clean curtains at the windows, and the door-knobs shone as new.  I observed that Mrs. Hudson had placed some decorative plain covers on the sideboard and the tables: intricately woven white lace doilies.  On these, I passed no comment; I moved to my chair to sit and smoke my before-breakfast pipe.  The acrid aroma of the
And then dear Billy, when he came to stoke the fire and check the coals.  He was mute, almost, and quite unlike his normal, cheery self.  A grown man now, still loyal; fiercely so.  He shook our hands, and bowed.
“Good morning, Watson,” he said, smiling, as we reached his side.  “You're lucky that you caught me.  I was stepping out.”
“Oh!  Yes.  The snuff helps me to think, you know.  To remember.  And I need to remember.  Although I would far rather prefer not.  I have been having terrible dreams, Mr. Holmes.”
Holmes quirked a smile.  “The same,” said he.  He tapped his ash into the saucer that I'd placed between the two of us.  “So how did you meet Mycroft?”
It opened without our having to ring the bell.  A maid – the same as our first visit, I thought – stood to greet us.  A summer coat and carry-all were set close by on a chair.  The girl was evidently completing her shift and about ready for home.  She peeped up through a pair of mournful brown eyes.
“Oh dear,” said Holmes.  He walked to the door, pulled it open, and gestured.  “It's been a pleasure to meet you.”
Lestrade was feigning busywork at the far side of the room.  I straightened out my jacket and I pulled the window shut.
and all.  Let's try to keep him guessing, though.”  Holmes paused.  “So this is how it feels to be in love – I always wondered.  But John, I warned you: I'm impossible.”
“That's nothing to be proud of,” I admonished him.  “The fellow had a knife.  You could have been more deeply wounded.”
“My daughters are excited to be meeting you at last, John,” said my friend.  “It is not often that they get to meet a handsome, single fellow such as yourself.”  He chuckled heartily.  “My wife and I are most
to go!  The park had lost its flavour for the moment.  “Baker Street,” I said.  “Unless you would prefer to walk a little longer?”
We dodged the rain; returned to Baker Street, to find the fire had been lit, the shards and mess tidied away.
, Mr. Holmes.”  The fellow fluttered his small hands.  “Hence my intrusion, please forgive me, but I did not wish to bother you.”
There was no sign of Mr. Holmes out in the hallway, so I climbed the stairs to reach the fellow's sitting-room.  I heard no sound within.  I knocked.  To my great startlement, the door pulled in an inch immediately, and Sherlock Holmes's nose poked out.  “What do you want?” said he.
Holmes returned to Baker Street a little after one o'clock.  I had spent the intervening hours in quiet consideration, and arranging a small few of my possessions around our sitting-room: a figurine, an ashtray, several books upon the shelf.  My own tastes in modern literature were quite dissimilar to my friend's.  I had a fondness for 'sea adventures': pulpy, common reads that Holmes would very likely turn his nose at.  I opened up George Meredith at some late point, determined to be dutiful, and it was he I persevered with 'til the sandwiches for luncheon were brought up by Mrs. Hudson.  I had taken but one bite out of a dainty egg and cheese, when the front door below resounded and I heard the pounding footsteps that heralded the return.
Monday arrived to some relief, for it was the day that Mrs. Barker was returning from her bolt-hole, and who knew what she might have to say.  Holmes was pensive; I was no better, and so by ten o'clock we found ourselves again outside the Talmadge house.
He rose and collected his black clay from its rack on the mantel.  A large pinch of shag, which he lit and pulled at on his slow return back to the table.  I had picked up the letter during this drawn-out manoeuvre, and I read it, and frowned.
The draw I felt to him was heady and magnetic; somewhat alarming, if the truth be told.  I prickled with the urge to set my sail.  “You are too comely to be unattached,” I told him.
I leaned against the jamb, and watched.  “Do you know, I adore every inch of you.  Each and every damn solitary inch.  You are perfect.”
I told him everything I could, and he listened with attention, asking questions to fill in the gaps I left.  I spoke of hardship and of combat, my endeavours, and the friends that I had made, our camaraderie; the losses on the field that were so difficult to bear.  I also touched upon the subject of my wounds, the Jezail bullet that had struck me, and my painful journey home.  Holmes murmured sympathies, and then, when I had ended my long spiel, he talked a little of his family abroad: some distant relatives; a French painter named Vernet.  He had not been close to any one of them, but I found the history riveting.  At length my friend curtailed his speech and said:
“Abuse of privilege, Mr. Holmes,” said the Inspector, after an interminable pause.  “Unprovoked violence against random suspects in our cells.  Accepting bribes.  Well, we don't tolerate that sort of thing here at the Yard.  Not any more.  I like to think we are a better bunch than we once were.”
We heard a rap at the front door, and I sprang up.  I was somewhat disconcerted to observe a large and bulbous nose pressed hard against the pane of glass.  Two bright beads for eyes peered through.
My carriage stopped at Upper Wimpole Street.  I sat inside, not moving, for a minute, maybe more.  Here was my home; here was my practice, where I worked and made a living as a doctor.  I had calls to make, and things to do, and life to carry on.
Sherlock huffed as he marched toward Lestrade. “Lestrade, surely even you can’t believe that. You have an argument that was overheard and that’s all?”
How often have we seen men fall when they are exposed for the very thing that they supposedly despise? We truly don’t know what’s going on in someone’s head, but this has been historically the case. One only has to look as far as the goings-on in Parliament and Basil Whitehall.
“And we only have less than 12 hours before the next heist, but of course, let’s waste time by sleeping.” Sherlock shouted back.
Sherlock nodded thoughtfully as he leaned forward. “You referred to Standish as a ‘vile’ man. Could you please explain your acquaintance with him?”
Moriarty smiled to himself as he watched the staff shuffle about; the balcony doors had been opened into the hall, displaying the mountains and moonlight. Something about the scene seemed peaceful and serene.
As soon as John agreed to dinner, Mycroft’s expression brightened. John forced himself to smile back but it was most likely the most difficult thing he had ever done in his entire life up until that point, including trying to figure out whoever was framing him for his colleague’s murder.
Sherlock waved his brother off as he stood in front of the fireplace, now clearly thinking deeply. Mycroft sat down in a chair, watching Sherlock now pace back and forth.
most appreciated.” John responded harshly, leaning forward so that he could place his hands on his knees.
Whitehall nodded before letting out a contained laugh as he reached for his waterglass. “Well, it helps having supporters, especially during a censure.”
Sherlock waited to respond as his expression remained the same. He then stuck out his hand for the professor to shake.
Sherlock nodded slowly before looking up at John who was trying his best to remain composed for the both of them. Some time passed as John attempted to comfort Sherlock.
“Take as long as you need, Mr. Holmes.” Warden James offered as he stepped to the side to let Mycroft and Sherlock through the cell door.
Sherlock nodded at John before facing Mr. McArthur. “This must be the house you acquired with the cemetery, correct?”
Mycroft nodded with another sigh. “I did, however…” he then let out a heavy groan, “Sherlock, this is getting dangerous. And more so than I think you realize.”
Sherlock glared at Mycroft before pointing to some empty vials on the desk. “I’m willing to bet that whatever is missing in this journal may be connected to these vials…” Sherlock added slowly.
All eyes landed on Sherlock and John as the two could feel the tension mounting in the room. John turned slightly to look at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye; he could see a sly smile creep up slowly on his companion’s face.
Moriarty was standing near one of the bookshelves in his office at the University of London, half facing the window that overlooked the campus green while addressing a group of men who had gathered in his office that late evening.
Sherlock groaned again as he walked into the bedroom, closing the door behind him. He sighed as he looked at the bed, dragging his feet to sit on the edge. He hadn’t slept all night; he knew he needed to do something quick before John’s case went before trial.
John shook his head as he turned to face the board again. “Holmes, you know the routine. I have the mornings and you have the evenings.”
“Son…” Mr. McArthur took a step toward James, “why in God’s name would you so something like this?” His voice was stern, but it was obvious he was too confused to be more upset.
John stared at the knife before acknowledging his companion who by now had the wiliest expression on his face.
Sherlock feigned shock as he wiggled underneath John. “Why, dear, I have no idea what you’re referring to.”
John laughed as he settled in at the breakfast table. “I don’t know why you read his articles, Holmes.”
Sherlock and Mycroft had escorted a distraught Mary back to her home before coming back to Baker Street for a late lunch. Sherlock had been very quiet during the entire ride; a little too quiet if you had asked Mycroft, but the latter had figured it had something to do with the incriminating evidence against John.
“Watson.” John felt a hand on his knee. He turned to look directly at Sherlock who was now kneeling in front of him, a bit wobbly from his leg injury.
“…please ask your friends…” Sherlock scribbled something down on a piece of paper, “if they have received any charitable donations in the past day or so.”
“What in the devil is going on?” William had appeared at the top of the staircase. Not too far behind him was Fedorov and Mamhud.
Mycroft patted Sherlock on the shoulder once more before motioning for the group to file out of the office. Sherlock finally acknowledged his brother before turning around to exit the office, but Lestrade stopped him before he could leave.
“Oh my.” Mycroft hopped away from the cell back toward John’s. John sighed, hanging his head as he leaned up against the bars.
Fedorov scoffed before producing a cigar from his back pocket. “If I were planning to murder someone,” he bit the end of his cigar before lighting it, “you would never find the body…”
John attempted to help Sherlock limp up to a beautifully restored brick house, but Sherlock swatted his hand away.
“When we get our moment, we need to exit the train by the window!” Sherlock repeated as if his directions made sense.
“It took a good deal of the night, Carberry has a very sophisticated coded language system he used for some of his journal entries, but I figured out that Carberry was trying to stop Schuller from deploying his muscular stimulant on the unexpected.”
“…you must know this well, Mr. Holmes. You’re in expert in your field, but I can only imagine the pushback you constantly receive from Scotland Yard because of your…unique methods…”
Sherlock nodded before continuing. “In my experience, the physical and economic background of an individual isn’t always a perfect indicator in discerning criminal behavior. Actually…” Sherlock shuffled back and forth on his feet before crossing his arms into a thoughtful position, “typically the most perfected criminals have been men of means, such as yourself, Professor.” He waved a hand in Moriarty’s direction.
“Holmes!” John gasped in horror at Sherlock’s seemingly heartless attitude toward Madame Loire. He turned toward Mary and Madame Loire before turning in the direction Sherlock had run off in before looking out the window to see his companion running toward the ghost as it finished the ritual.
Lestrade barely blinked back before shaking his head. “Holmes, you cannot get more involved. You’ve already done more damage than you realize. Blowing up a prison? A Judge’s house? Holmes! You are reckless!”
Sherlock smiled weakly, trying to express serenity, but he ended up grimacing instead. “I’m fine, Wiggins. I just need you to use your resourceful contacts,” he pointed to the torn page, “this is a listing of all the docks and cemeteries in the city. See what you can find out about any connection between any of these places and these vials. And I don’t need to remind you to be careful, Mr. Wiggins.”
Mycroft sighed dramatically. “I’m not entirely sure I should even say this to you, Sherly, given your alarmingly uncharacteristic hysterical state.”
Lestrade winced; there had been running rumors for some time that there was a leak at Scotland Yard concerning the Carberry case, and ever since the first rumor appeared, Lestrade knew that Detective Baynes had something to do with it. He hadn’t pursued anything since the official manhunt for Sherlock and John began but considering the bombing and Detective Baynes unwillingness to discuss the case, Lestrade knew that the detective was hiding something.
Mycroft squinted his eyes as he accepted the newspaper. He nodded with a sigh. “You know this is all gossip and speculation, Sherly. I’m sure Coney managed to persuade a freshly minted officer to give him something. He has no idea what the police has or doesn’t.”
William appeared to take some offense to Sherlock’s comment, but then he waved it off. He brushed some imaginary dirt off his night robe.
He continued to grumble as he walked to the other side of the room where their luggage was stored. Sherlock followed him before perching himself against a window sill, watching John rummaged through their luggage. Heavy rain fall from outside could be heard audibly in their room.
“Now, gentlemen! I admit I am also quite excited by the night’s events, but this is very unnecessary!” Mycroft shouted before William shoved him to the floor. John instinctively ran over to help him.
“Quick, Watson.” Sherlock took a firm hold of John’s arm who then picked up Gladstone before the three hid in a nook holding some mechanical equipment.
“I suppose I should cancel my meeting with that associate of mine.” Mycroft sighed as he sat down in a chair near the fireplace.
Wiggins caught up with Sherlock to find a man lying in the middle of the room, bloodied and mutilated just like the priest had been.
John shushed Gladstone as best as he could as they peered out of the nook and downward to see a couple of men standing near the furnaces and vats. The men were talking loudly amongst themselves, complaining about some production processes either going slowly or not as expected because of some unforeseen circumstances related to their boss’s obsession with a chemist.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock began quietly, “I need to speak with Watson.” He stepped to the side to get way from Lestrade.
But all he could do, probably brought on by the confusion and timing of the escape, was nod as his weary body was finally freed from the miserable conditions at Westgate.
the explosive at Judge Becket’s. Lestrade.” He stepped toward Lestrade who took a step backward, “someone is framing Watson and the proof perished in the Judge’s house.”
John rolled to the side with a groan to see Gladstone attacking his assailant. John shook his head a couple of times to reorient himself from his assault before getting up to get Gladstone off the man. But before John could reach the scuffle, a loud boom appeared out of the sky. John’s vision went blurry from the loud ringing in his ears as he tried to look around the area, attempting to ascertain where the noise had emanated, but as he look directly at the factory, part of the building collapsed in on itself.
John looked around the kitchen before continuing after Sherlock; he wasn’t sure what they were about to find, but suddenly, an achy doomed feeling dropped in the pit of his stomach. He could feel his fight or flight receptors kicking, telling him that something was off about the environment.
The interloper sat up straight in his chair, straightening out his jacket before waving his hand. “No, no. I don’t mean to interrupt, Professor Moriarty.”
Mycroft took a moment, staring back at Sherlock before nodding with a curt laugh. “Sherlock,” he pointed to the bedroom, trying to appear calm, “you’re exhausted…maybe you should skip dinner and lie down—”
Sherlock shook his head as he walked to the middle of the room. “No, the murderer is not Mr. Fedorov…” He then turned to face Bridget and Clara.
John sighed, reminding himself that they were going to have some time to relax. He strapped in the last suitcase before climbing into the automobile in the driver’s seat.
Sherlock shook his head. “Watson, please hail us a hansom…” he limped back to the sofa, lying down as he groaned some more, “…just call for me when it arrives…thank you, dear.”
Sherlock laughed quietly as he placed a hand on John’s shoulder. “Nothing we can’t handle.” He looked sweetly at John who only groaned.
Mycroft nodded as he spun around. “Of course! This is quite the dinner mystery!” He added with glee.
William scoffed as both John and Sherlock held onto him in the opposite corner. “Me? You’re the one who attacked me!”
John observed to himself, backing away from the opening as he felt himself becoming dizzy at the sight of the cliff. He wasn’t sure if it was the cliff, or his nerves, or the case but all of a sudden, John felt ill to his stomach.
Sherlock turned to face Lestrade directly. “Why, Lestrade, I have no idea what you mean. I’m not on the case, remember?”
Lestrade was standing in the middle of the street watching police officers filter in and out of what was left of Judge Richard Becket’s home. The police had arrived on the scene not long after learning about the bombing. Lestrade didn’t have to learn about the details to know that the bombing had something to do with the Carberry case.
“They said you escaped!” Mary started, “what’s going on? Mrs. Hudson is beside herself. Do you know the mess you both started? The police have been here since last night!”
Sherlock looked up at John before returning to his notes. “Nothing. Just that…” He leaned backward in his chair, posing thoughtfully.
John sat up as Sherlock continued to yank on his body, now pulling John up to the compartment window. “Hurry up, Watson!” Sherlock shouted as he shoved John out the window.
Sherlock motioned to John to keep watch as he picked the lock to the room. As soon as the lock clicked open, Sherlock slowly opened the door. The room contained a bed and desk, but clothes had been thrown about the place and a violin case lay off to the side near the bay windows.
John sighed as he looked at Sherlock who shrugged with a slight grin before facing the police officer. John took a minute, several long minutes to be exact, truly contemplating the prospect of having a few nights to himself as Sherlock regaled prisoners at the local prison.
Mycroft shook his head as he reached out to rub his brother’s knee. “I really don’t understand why you think
The man looked at the others behind him who had stopped what they were doing at the mentioning of Schuller. The man tried to ignore them before leading Moriarty from the space and through the narrow hallway. They walked for some time until they came upon a door. They could hear loud banging on the other side of the door which was accompanied by equally loud swearing.
“Excuse us.” Sherlock offered politely before calming walking to the compartment door. John swung himself inside, nodding nervously to the father of the family who was shouting at them along with the mother who was holding a baby that was wailing loudly.
Sherlock chuckled before ascending the staircase to walk to Mycroft’s room. They slowly opened the door to find Mycroft sitting up in the bed, wide awake.
“Okay, Sherly,” Mycroft sighed again after a moment of reflection before rising from the chair, “I’m going to get Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock nodded as the door clicked open again. He waited before calmly walking down the steps and up to the guard desk.
“I’m grounded and can’t do a thing, but at least I would think I would be able to get a decent meal while at home! Stanley! Stanley!”
Clara nodded again. “I couldn’t find work for a while….my son and I…we were near destitute before I went to work with Ms. Coventry. She travels mostly, so it was easy to stay away from Standish…my son lives with my parents when I’m away…”
He motioned for John to follow him out into the dining room. Mycroft had Stanley throw a blanket over Standish’s body.
“Watson,” he started as John took a few steps toward him, “I’m sorry about all of this, but I did what I thought was necessary. The police—”
“Nice to see you again, Inspector, but if you don’t hand my brother over to me at once, I can make your position more difficult for you than it already is.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes before walking past John. “This isn’t a resort, Doctor.” He responded curtly before disappearing down the hallway.
Warden James laughed nervously. “Uh, yes, Mr. Holmes. In case of a fire, the cell doors in the basement unlock, trigged by the smoke, along with the opposite door leading out, but the guards are well trained to keep the prisoners in line.”
“I understand…I didn’t realize I’ve become such a bear…” he turned around to face the group, “Madame Loire, I promise we won’t demolish this cemetery…your service to our family is unmatched…” he then turned to look directly at James, “and son…if you want to go back to Paris to the…” he took a moment, “
“Sherly!” Mycroft shouted as he tried to catch up with Sherlock who was already out the window and halfway toward the street.
“Following the thread led us to Lord Collingwood’s house where you worked for some time, but I can only give all the credit to one of my best informants in matching your name to the coat. I commend you on taking the time to give someone in need your torn coat while giving Scotland Yard a run…that was
Bridget scoffed. “Acquaintance? There was none to speak of, Mr. Holmes. Nigel Standish is an enemy of the arts. He threatened to close my theatre company in order to draw funds from the investors. I was actually surprised to find out that your brother ran in such circles.”
“Gladstone!” Sherlock shouted, but it was too late. Gladstone ran toward Henry who shrieked from the charge. Henry took one giant step backward which caused his body to flip over the railing into one of the vats. Sherlock ran up to the railing just in time to see Henry disappear into the melting metal.
Sherlock stepped toward Mary and Mr. McArthur. “Why don’t we investigate what made the noise? I’m sure we’ll find that your father is correct, and it was most likely one of your family’s employees.”
“Uh, Professor?” Moriarty stopped with a sigh as he turned to face the man who was now crinkling his hat in his hands.
Sherlock laughed as he flagged down a hansom. “It seems as if our dear Mary is more cunning than she appears.”
Sherlock laughed. “Indeed. I know it’s a secret, but the society has origins in England, am I correct?”
“Where are you going?” John half-whispered, managing to catch up to his companion, grabbing Sherlock by the arm before he could get further down the hallway.
John took a moment before looking over at Sherlock who looked determined. He then looked at Mycroft who smiled widely.
Sherlock laughed. “Good question, Mr. McArthur. When we were upstairs investigating the loud bump we heard after dinner, I found a torn insignia from a piece of clothing that matched the brooch on your lapel, sir.” He pointed to the Guild path on Mr. McArthur’s lapel, “any member of the Guild when prompted by another member performing the ‘Lotus Encounter’, must do the same or risk excommunication from the Guild.”
“All right,” he stood up from the table to walk over to Sherlock to give him a kiss on the forehead, “I shouldn’t be too long. I’ll see you in an hour or so.”
John chuckled. “I understand, Holmes, but you should really enjoy the slow going with cases, even despite the extraordinary start to the year we’ve had. I’m sure the year will present you with your most trying case to date. Then you’ll have the energy to solve it effectively.”
“Yes?” Lestrade shook his head as he noticed that one of his superiors was attempting to get his attention.
John followed the smell through the hallway and down the stairs until he found the kitchen and Sherlock who was standing over a huge pot cooking on the stove.
John walked toward the shrill. “You should really take care of that. I’ll be here for the passenger.”
“Quick.” Sherlock ran into a smaller room attached to the chapel with Mycroft closely behind. They both shushed each other as the voices drew nearer. The door to the chapel opened slowly as it was accompanied with footsteps.
The man made a move to knock on the door, but Moriarty stopped him with an outstretched arm. He then motioned for the man to stay behind him as he leaned up against the door to listen to Schuller working inside. Moriarty took a moment before drumming lightly on the door.
John sighed once more as he looked around the room. “Carberry was working on something, but his methods were unethical…”
“Fine,” Lestrade finally let out, “I’ll let you know if I hear anything, but please keep a low profile.”
“I shouldn’t be answering the door!” The man shouted again before calming himself. He took a deep breath before opening the door to find someone he didn’t recognize.
Sherlock laughed as he walked further into the room. “I found a torn piece of a coat in the scaffolding at Saint Paul’s. It was covered in chalk, so I surmised that perhaps we were dealing with someone who works in a university. The erudite references to history and such could only come from an enthusiast or a trained historian such as yourself…”
A grin slowly crept up on Moriarty’s face. He laughed to himself before looking directly at audience again.
John heard something clicked. He looked up to see Sherlock now in the safe, rummaging around through whatever was there.
“I know the ghost is not Mr. McArthur the younger,” Sherlock explained after Mary finished her story. He then turned to face the older Mr. McArthur who was now sitting up, but he still looked woozy from fainting.
“Mr. Holmes!” The heiress shouted, “those were brought to the house this morning! They were imported from Singapore!”
“Run! I’ll take care of this!” John reached with both hands over his shoulders and drew out matching swords from the same plane that he kept his wings hidden. As he brought them down, he gave them a slight shake and waves of bright light danced down the blades.
The practices have been going surprisingly well and other than snide remarks from Sherlock every time John left the house for practice, Sherlock has left him alone. He didn’t invite John back on the cases either, but it’s fine, it’s all fine. Or, at least, John hoped it would be.
Mike sheepishly grinned and shrugged. “I…err…might have had my wife make us an official page on social media and announce our gig schedule? And…well, you know how the hospital is, the gossip going nonstop and when they found out that two of their doctors were performing….well….”
John looked up from where he was fiddling with the button on his cuff. All three of them had changed into their “performance” attire, which consisted of black jeans and button-down collared shirts of various colors, which they had left open at the throat and sleeves rolled up to their elbows. John and Greg swung their guitars over their heads and settled the straps on their shoulders, while Mike grabbed an extra pair of sticks and shoved them into his back pocket.
Yes, he was all of these things. After everything HE gave him – his steady hand, his strong leg, meaning back in his life – how did John repay him?
With the last of his grace, he removed any evidence of the battle that had taken place moments before and released time.
“Get back here, you little annoying humming bird!” Moriarty shot out web-like strands of hellfire towards John. John dipped and twirled through the air, his left shoulder and wing twinging from the strain of not being used like this in millennia.
John reached up and PULLED with all of his grace. Around him, time shuddered to a stop. Birds hung in the air, mid flight. Several people who were running towards Bart’s stopped mid stride. With a loud WHOMP, his white and golden wings materialized into existence and he beat them once, twice, before he made a running leap into the air. Above him, Sherlock hung in the air, like some sort of taxidermized bat, his long Belstaff coat substituting for wings.
“Mother Goose – Tin Soldier secured.” A feminine voice murmured behind John. That voice…sounded familiar. John struggled underneath the man and tried to turn towards the sound of the voice, but the man leaned over him and shoved his forearm between John’s shoulder blades.
He spent most of his time, when he wasn't drinking or passed out, looking at the grainy photos of Sherlock he had cut out of the tabloid rags before he stopped buying them.
A cold breeze brought his attention to the window. Where there was once a single pane of dingy glass, there were only shards hanging around the frame. He gritted his teeth and breath through his nose. Once. Twice. Fuck.
John gazed at the damage for a moment, then a chuckle made its way out. He pressed his lips together – this was a bit not good – but another chuckle escaped. His lips twitched, then a bellow of laughter ruptured forth. John bent over, laughs and snorts rolling out of him. He didn’t notice when tears began to intermingle with the chuckles, slow turning the tide from hysterical merriment to just hysterical.
birthday, they came up with a name for their trio : Old Dogs, New Tricks. Cliched, but the truth….none of them were getting any younger, but this opened up a new world to them. It still took them another year before they made their first attempt at an Open Mic night at one of the local pubs. Greg took lead vocals, while John and Mike provided backup as needed on the songs. They did “Hey Jude” and although they (John) messed up a few times on the key changes, they were well received by the patrons of the pub and got a sing along going by the end and a round of rancorous applause.
His voice was still muffled; his eardrums were trying to recover from the concussive force of the gunshot in an enclosed area. Blowing out his eardrums for such a stupid reason would really be the final thing to make his day. He finally brought his head up, looking for the damage from his stunt. If his CO could see him now, he would have had him on latrine duty for the rest of his tour for such blatant disregard of firearm safety.
“Back then, it was a bunch of me and my friends. We weren’t great, but we had fun venting all of our teenage angst together. I stopped playing as I advanced through the Yard…didn’t have the time to devote to my career, my marriage and my music….so my music lost. I shouldn’t have ever stopped. I started feeling more like myself when I picked it back up.” Lestrade gazed at John, waiting for his response.
“Dead…err, puddle of black sludge?” Sherlock stammered out, his eyes only briefly flickering to the side before resting on John’s face again. John closed his eyes again and used his grace to check his body. With a sigh, he opened his eyes again and looked at Sherlock.
Reverently, he laid the gun down on the scarred table of the shitty little bedsit he had moved into after the funeral. The thought of returning to 221b Baker Street when HE was not there had filled him with dread. John did try, though. After the funeral, Mycroft's black government car had dropped him and Mrs. Hudson off on the steps of Baker Street. She had wiped her eyes and moved towards the door with her key, but his feet felt like they were fused to the sidewalk. She opened the door and stepped inside, intending for him to follow. But he...just...couldn't....
The noise in the pub quieted down and dimly John was aware of people backing away from the two of them slightly and hushing others in the pub.
Sherlock’s eyes dilated in fear and he took a step back. John gave him a slight smile and ran towards Bart’s, swords raised.
By the time Sherlock came back from the dead, they were performing every Friday night at the Ram’s Head and getting paid for it. The pay itself was shite, but the tips were always good, especially when they managed to add a new song to the rotation.
“…ohn!?! John!?!” Something was lightly touching John’s face, so gentle yet it was still enough to send John into another spasm of pain. He cracked open his eyes and only saw smudges of black and cream. John squeezed his eyes shut for a moment and took a shuddering breath. Then he opened them again.
"You are welcome to stay for as long as you need. I will maintain the rooms on Baker Street until such time I am able to deal with them." Mycroft noted.
Cool fingers brushed his hair away from the collar of his jumper and then he felt the needle slide into the back of his neck. Before he could take another breath, the world went grey at the edges, then started to go black.
“Since I know most of you blighters, make sure you behave or else you are pulling crossing guard duty until you pension out. Don’t forget to tip the wait staff!” Greg looked over his shoulder at John and Mike. John grinned, feeling the butterflies, at last, subside, and the familiar surge of anticipation and adrenaline filled him.
He dropped to his knees and covered his face with his hands. It was just too much. He sobbed for everything he had lost…everything he had foolishly wasted. He should have…he should have…..
It was a chilly November night as John walked to the pub with Greg and Mike. They have had other gigs prior to this one as they had let the pubs know that “Old Dogs, New Tricks” was back from their sabbatical, but the butterflies in John’s stomach continued to sway and swoop. Greg and Mike decided at their last practice that THIS friday was the perfect night to debut John’s solo performance.
“No…NO! John, please….” At this, Sherlock’s voice broke. Tears began to gather at the corners of his eyes and he brushed them away roughly with the back of his hand.
John flew up underneath him, needing to time exactly how he was going to catch him. As he hovered, uncertain, a growl emanated from the roof. A shiver went up John’s back; there shouldn’t be anything moving, much less making noise right now. John beat his wings several times to rise above Sherlock’s frozen body and come even with the top of the roof. To his horror, he saw Moriarty sit up from a prone position, the bullet hole in his head fading away.
Empowered by the positive response, they began meeting several times a week and practicing in earnest, adding to their repertoire of songs. As they smoothed out the kinks at the Open Mic night at their regular pub, Greg began looking at other pubs for other performing opportunities.
John’s eyes drifted up to the wall where his precious pictures of Sherlock were posted. This was the last thing he wanted to see as he left this world – the man who was his everything. His heart.
With a wince, he grabbed the bottle with his left hand and downed several more swallows. He slammed the bottle down, only dimly aware that the force shook the unstable table. John took a deep breath and willed the room to stop its maddening spinning.
As he slipped away into the darkness, he thought he heard Anthea murmur “Oh Doctor…we have failed you...”
John immediately dropped his wings and fell back down to Sherlock’s level. He grabbed him in a bridal carry and immediately did a nose dive towards the ground. As soon as John touched Sherlock, Sherlock was released from the time pause and sucked in a shocked gasp.
He never did call Mrs. Hudson....she would have wanted to talk and that was out of the question. Lestrade...Molly....Mycroft...all they wanted to do was talk. Talk was cheap; it wasn't going to bring him back.
“My apologies, Doctor Watson, for the entrance.” the voice continued. A pair of low slung heels appeared in his vision. His eyes traveled up the expense pants suit to a pair of grey eyes.
He broke into a run. His dress shoes slapped the pavement, his lungs burned as he pushed harder, faster, to put the memories of that door behind him. If he can keep ahead of the memories, then they aren't real. It never happened. He found himself at the bridge, watching the Thames sweep by underneath. A small part of him wondered if the water could sweep away the memories…the pain…
With a battle cry, he plunged through Moriarty’s body, blessed swords cutting legs and flesh and tendons. With as much momentum John had gathered during his decent, he was unable to protect himself as he crashed headfirst into the ground, having exited Moriarty’s body moments before.
He reared back and threw the gun as hard as he could against the opposite wall, roaring out his pain, his frustration. The sudden BOOM in the confined room set him back on his heels and left his ears ringing. The room tilted slightly and his vision greyed slightly at the edges. He tipped his head down, squeezed his eyes shut and focused on his breathing.
Greg led them through “Livin on a Prayer” and then took them back with “Born to be Wild” and “I Can’t get no Satisfaction”. The pub was alive and vibrating, the crowd was dancing and singing along with each song and John felt himself grinning so hard his face hurt.
In four months, all John has managed to do is find this shitty little bed sit and drink most of his savings away. He was on a leave of absence from the clinic...forever as far as he was concerned. It didn't matter if it was the Work or just work, the thought of putting himself out there in a world without Sherlock Holmes was more than he could bare.
"Deal? Deal!?! Just like you had to "deal" with Him when he was alive? Another bloody inconvenience to deal with? Why not have one of your minions "deal" with it? Isn't that what you do, Mycroft? Delegate the annoying parts to others so you don't have to be bothered?" John's voice rose as he spoke.
John furled his brow. “I appreciate what you are trying to do Greg, but I was a mediocre clarinet player at best in school and my tremor has come back.” He held his hand up to demonstrate.
The sound of the spinning barrel of the revolver was strangely hypnotic. Although he had preferred to use his Beretta during the course of the Work, it was his .45 Adams revolver that was his favorite. It had been in his family for generations; the only thing his drunkard of a father ever gave him. It had been in poor condition when he received it; his father probably couldn't get anything for it at the pawn shop.
John carded his fingers through Sherlock’s black curls and reached for his dimming grace. Gently, he kissed Sherlock’s forehead and rolled his now limp body to the ground beside him.
John nodded again; he was in autopilot. The less he had to think, the better. Mycroft gestured to the waiting black car and he slid into the back, barely registering as Mycroft slid in behind him and murmured something to the driver. The car swept away from the bridge and headed towards the outskirts of London.
