“I’m serious, you idiot.”
Sherlock stepped back so John could reach the rest of the buttons. “Okay. I could do you first if you want.”
. What have you told me, time and time again, about coincidences?”
Pono's spirit, concluded Kororā, was one of the most beautiful she had seen in countless cycles of darkness to light. Pono was her choice, and that choice was final.
"I think so, John."
“Or move away from detective work, altogether. Take on something completely new. Fashion, maybe? You’ve always loved clothing, you know everything there is to know about fabrics, and all the best tailors.”
“Nooo,” Sherlock drawled, slamming his palm down on the counter. A dozen glass slides jumped and skittered across the surface of his samples tray. “I’ve been made to understand that having such a soirée is de rigueur. Ending a successful career, however, boggles the mind.”
“So, are you getting any asks yet?” John asked.
John’s bottom lip glanced off Sherlock's, and Sherlock’s tongue darted out to explore where John had touched him, elements of everything Watson seared on his skin.
“Yes, John, exactly! Because my brilliance found him dumb!”
Sherlock's oral abilities
“Yes.” Sherlock put his hand over John’s and intertwined their fingers.
“Fuck the chores. I need you, in bed.”
Sherlock was less impressed with the Adler planetarium. He barely sat through a film called “Destination Solar System” with John, and afterward whined that he was bored, and ready to leave.
When John couldn't keep his eyes open any longer, and couldn't keep his mouth shut for his incessant moaning, Sherlock pulled off and kissed his way up John's belly. He paused at John's nipples for a few very loud minutes, and came to rest at John's mouth.
“Let me try yours.”
“Is that right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No,” answers John. “Is it wrong that I don’t know if I’m relieved or disappointed?”
“Better than incredible.” Sherlock wrapped his arms and legs around John and stroked his hair and neck and back. “It was amazing. You’re amazing. You’re a God, a sex God, and you’re all mine.”
“What time is it?” he asked. Certainly it was time to get back in bed.
“Making your voice sound like that?”
Sherlock huffed.
They find Moringa at the Council Grounds, waiting. She doesn’t say one word, and her silence is all that Sherlock needs to put the pieces together. She knows he has the tooth, and that Siger is back, and that something very big is about to happen. Still, she stands proud in her guilt, defiant, looking out over the horizon. She does not look at Sherlock.
He does this with a straight face, and concludes by saying that she was not included because she would have nothing to contribute, given her age. He stops short of calling her a penggeriatric.
When they emerged from their newly shared bedroom several days later, they each deleted their individual blogs and created a new one called
Sherlock recalls his first conversations with Erebus during that inaugural summer journey. He had told Sherlock about his relationship with Selvic, their parents’ reactions and interference, and the heartbreak of their six winters apart. Erebus had helped Sherlock understand that everyone mightn’t accept his love for John with open wings, and had helped him take action that would not only reflect his love, but prove the justness of it.
“I can’t believe it, Sherlock. I cannot
“Sorry, Mrs. Hudson,” John answered through a mouthful of gravy soaked bread. “I seem to be unusually hungry lately.”
Sherlock bends down and ruffles the fluff on the top of her head.
But John
“I’m going to call for you when we get back, Sherlpeng.”
“Do you remember how I’d go watch you practice sometimes, after school?”
John hummed in acknowledgement and resumed kissing Sherlock's mouth, then rolled just slightly to the side, slid a hand between them, and nudged their shirts up. Feeling John's naked skin against his own was entirely fabulous, so warm and soft and electric, and before he knew what was happening his arms were reaching down and tugging John's shirt off altogether, then fumbling in an uncoordinated attempt to pull his own off.
John and Greg talked club security, and the guy sitting next to Sherlock - Phil? - leaned over and asked, “You guys together?”
John was waiting for him with a fresh towel and a quick peck on the lips. He tasted like chocolate chip cookies. “I pulled out clean jeans and a shirt for you. And underwear and socks this time, too.”
He turned in a lazy shuffle, letting the wall-mounted water jets find tender spots on his hips, thighs, and back. He swayed back and forth, and as the water worked magic on his body, his defenses came down, and his heart started to break.
Thank you, KarlyAnne.
“Is it in the backpack?”
“So why me? I’m not very easy to get close to.”
Sherlock had no idea where John was going with that sentence. “In what context?”
Ariki clamps his wing over Kahu’s bill.
Sherlock looks, looks down at himself, at his narrow chest, his pale, straight torso, his stockinged legs spread high in the air, his toes pointed. He looks at his cock tapping against his belly with each breath, sticky and shiny with cherry-flavoured lip gloss. He looks up at John, and he sees in John's expression that he is beautiful. He is wanted, just the way he is.
“And that's significant?”
"Are you asking me if I can stand, or ...?"
Sherlock started laughing then, really laughing, and John just shook his head and joined him. What crazy set of circumstances had led him to marry this man, to be tucked up in bed with him while wearing clothing that forbade his new husband to touch him? What had happened to life as he knew it?
“Are you worried about your parents finding out?”
“Yes, Tui?”
In the water the emperors are free to disperse, but most choose to stay loosely connected as they swim north along the eastern shore of the continent. Along their journey, they join thousands of other pengs from the Shelf and beyond. Sherlock stays with his colony, helping young adults find the best currents, which in turn lead to the richest eddies of food. He teaches them to pay attention to microclimate changes, and the wind, and the clouds. He teaches them how to eat well.
Sherlock helped John lift the tree into the stand, then held it still while John crawled under the lower branches and tightened the screws into the trunk.
"Ah. I see." Vela clears her throat while the weight of the colony's stare settles over her. "Well, let's see. No, I wouldn't say that it hurts. It's very difficult for one penguin to balance on the back of another, no matter what the circumstances. The female must be very, very still, and sometimes the male will bite her neck, gently, mind you, to help keep his balance. It really only lasts a few seconds before he hops off.
“Oh, Sherlock, no. Why are you crying?”
John left his place at the end of the table and came to stand close to Sherlock; close, but not touching. “Don’t be embarrassed. It was incredibly sexy. Now, I promised you a tour of the grounds, yeah?”
“Oh, of course not, sir. I’m sure he’d be delighted to hear from you directly. He’s waiting right over there.”
“Try me.”
“Me either. But I'm happy about it.”
Sherlock thought Tiny Bat John might stay there and glare at him all night, but then the most scientifically curious thing happened. His adorable ears twitched, and his eyes grew even more round, and his nostrils flared. His whole little body spasmed, and his miniature jaw went lax.
Sherlock kisses his temple, his hairline, his chin. "Take me to bed, John Watson. I've waited long enough."
“It's been a productive evening. We’ve become reacquainted with Kevin, which was not nearly as tedious as I feared it might be, we’ve danced, we’ve imbibed, you’ve had your sixth meal of the day, I introduced two people who are perfect for each other, and we’re both still standing.”
John flips the pieces of french toast and sprinkles cinnamon over the golden faces of the cooked sides, presses the spatula down to make sure they cook evenly, and then turns to face his groping husband.
“Okay?”
This time John winks, then grabs Sherlock's hand and breezes past the fuming detective, thinking about a nice hot cuppa.
The other juveniles fall about, snickering and clasping their wings over their bills. Pavo and Vela look thoroughly confused, and Mycroft rolls his eyes so hard Sherlock wonders if they might not get stuck staring backwards at his brain.
The colony chases summer across the sea, to Cassiopeia. The massive iceberg looks the same as when Sherlock and John last saw her, but when Sherlock glides to a stop on the landing shore, he can't help but feel some of the heartbreak that marked their time here the summer before. Friends of theirs died here. He and John were accused of wrongdoing here. They had to say goodbye here.
During the second
“Mmm. Yeah.” John licked his lips and pressed them to Sherlock’s mouth, breathed into him, waiting.
“You don’t
I am a virgin
Sherlock crossed the room and knelt between John’s legs. He wrapped his arms around his waist and buried his face in his stomach. He breathed him in.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Trying to watch the carbs.”
“If you keep loving it like this I won’t be able to perform for you.”
John laughed and kissed the side of Sherlock’s neck. “Twenty-four hours, huh?”
Leopard seals.
“What? Oh.”
“What’s the quickest you’ve ever blown me?”
, and then on the difference between
Sherlock didn't tell John about the upcoming visit, choosing instead to believe it wasn't actually going to happen. When it became clear that it really was going to happen, he still didn't tell John, hoping that he might be at work that day, or at the shops, or napping, or anything that would keep him from witnessing what he had come to think of as The Inevitable Breech of His Privacy
“This is our business,
. Based on those comments, this was also supposed to be lewd and silly, and yet ... it went sweet and fluffy on me.
“Sherlock, you are brilliant.” Tui hugs him, and then Anahera. “We’ll be able to court openly, and be recognized as a bonded pair, a couple?”
“I have my secrets too, you know.”
John touched his chest, his nipples, his belly, letting his fingers drop to tease along the edge of Sherlock's pubic hair, the follicles there tingling, murmuring messages to his groin.
voice
“Nah, you probably needed the sleep, you know? Plus, I took lots of pictures of you sleeping and looking sexy at the same time.”
“Any chance your mother packed milk in that hamper?”
It was Sarah, over chicken salad and cheeseburgers, who slapped the table top and said ‘enough is enough.’ John wasn’t going to bring it up at all, but after telling Sarah all about their trip to Chicago, she had asked if his mom had warmed up at all to the reality of their relationship. Sherlock had listened while John told her about his mom’s religion-based arguments and what he assumed were her fears that his behavior would reflect badly on her in their small town.
“Let’s go, John.”
“Oh, oh, oh, oh yes—” and then Sherlock pulled out, reached down, and gripped John's cock at the base.
“Anahera!”
John stepped out of his underwear and turned. Sherlock studied the flush spreading up from John’s groin to his chest, up his neck, reaching his cheeks and tipping his ears. He reached up and planted his hands on John’s pectorals, then dragged them down, slow-slow-slow. He rested his hands on John’s hips again, thumbs pointing inward, and stared at John’s erection.
“But you said the suspect had ramped things up when he didn’t get a date. James could be—”
“No, not really.”
“No. Have you?”
He and John look at each other, then both shake their heads.
“Yeah, that’s it,” John whispered, eyes closed, head thrown back.
There is a flurry of twittering around them as emperors register the news. The hunters are coming home. The entourage moves away, some eager to find their families and share the news, others wanting to afford John and Sherlock their privacy. John and Sherlock stand at the center of the chaos and hold each other, oblivious to anything but their own words.
“Yeah, um, I was supposed to give this to you when you ordered.” He held out a business card with a row of tiny beakers printed along the bottom. One of them had an X punched through it. Above the business card was John’s forearm, beautifully rounded under the rolled-up sleeve of his blue and green plaid shirt.
Sherlock scans the colony until one peng catches his attention.
“Hold on, Clara.” She lowered the phone and held it against her stomach. “Are you guys going?”
(See the end of the chapter for
: injured
i shall knead grope squeeze kiss mount
John groaned, deep and lewd, and did something fantastic with his tongue, and Sherlock froze, losing his rhythm and arching his back. He slipped off John and hung his head between those gorgeous thighs as his orgasm began, vaguely aware of John reaching down and taking himself in hand as the contractions started, deep and tight, up and out.
Sherlock started to shake, small tremors raking through him.
“You told her?”
John stood up and walked her to the door. “Sherlock’s mad smart, Molls, if he says he can figure this out, I believe him. Besides, if we get caught we can just act like this was a secret rendezvous.”
“What about ‘em, Ma?” John’s mouth was full of pot pie. He swallowed and chased it down with a gulp of milk.
I am basing the emperor language on Māori, an Eastern Polynesian language spoken by the indigenous peoples of New Zealand. Many of the names in this story are based on constellations seen in the southern hemisphere.
John wiped his mouth, cocked his head, and smiled.
The obligatory brooding period is over, but the introductions and pleasantries continue. Sherlock watches the other chicks, observes their movements, their calls and mannerisms. Most stay pressed to the sides of their parents, peering out to answer banal questions about their favourite crustaceans, or the view of the ice shelf this time of year. He meets no one of interest.
"Where do you think you’re going?"
represents. Remember? Peace, harmony.
He stepped in and gave himself over to the hot water streaming over him, and to the steam swirling around his body. He stretched up, going high on his toes, then bent at the waist and sailed down, pressing his palms flat to the tiled floors. His hamstrings sang with the release of tension, and his back sighed in contentment as he brought his hands to his knees and curved his spine toward the ceiling, then the floor, then back again. He rolled his shoulders, hung his head from side to side, then stood and pulled his shoulders down by clasping his hands together behind his back.
“Absolutely. I’ll be up soon.”
When the time on his screen ticked to 12:05am John pushed away from the wall and scanned the empty street. No sign of Sherlock yet. John shifted from foot to foot, his nerves firing, Jeremy’s keys a burning weight in the pocket of his sage green bomber jacket.
“Sherlock?”
“It's louder, somehow. More intrusive.”
“This is not the time or place, John!”
“Some great evil? What? Same-peng bonding?”
. John was really very good at this after all.
John gave him one last kiss and rolled to the side, and they stayed like that for a minute, staring up at the ceiling, willing their heart rates to slow and their blood to return to less obvious places in their bodies.
He led her back to their table and pulled out a chair for her, rubbing her shoulders as she sat down and grabbing another fistful of napkins and pressing them into her hands. “Molly, this is Sherlock. Sherlock, Molly.”
one kilo of apples and two of kumquats
Sherlock felt the silence stirring up his anxiety, like that cake batter's wooden spoon scraping at his insides.
"Well, it's not really the kind of place to meet up with the rugby team."
“Oh.”
“How long had you been together at that point?”
Sherlock watched as John came closer, as he gently pushed Sherlock onto his back, as he hovered over him. John’s first kiss was a tease, just a brush and a nudge of breath and lips. It was what John’s hand was doing under the sheet that had caught Sherlock’s full attention. John’s hand had drifted down Sherlock’s chest, over his ribs, over his hip, and was now pressed high up on Sherlock’s inner thigh. Sherlock tried to turn into it, to trap John’s hand between his legs, but John held him in place and kissed him again. This kiss was firmer. This kiss said that Sherlock was to listen, to follow John’s lead. John had said that he had an idea and Sherlock generally liked John’s ideas, so he stilled his body and kissed back.
This is a tumblr ficlet that I posted quite a while ago. It made a lot of people laugh, and I think that for many reasons we can all use some laughs right about now.
“God forbid I squash your dessert, John.”
They swam in place, watching each other.
The festivities commenced and Sherlock found himself standing next to John at the head of a long receiving line. He had no idea how he was expected to greet, smile at, and speak to over three hundred people, almost none of whom he knew, so he eliminated the smiling part first, then shortened the greeting part, and eventually settled for various iterations of, “Meet my husband, John Watson. John, meet someone my parents know.” Mummy was not amused but Sherlock did not care. He had found someone who wanted to be with him and that person wasn’t any of the people waiting to shake his hand.
“You got it, George. House charge?”
The four junior pengs greet Erebus. How the other three manage to sleep on is beyond Sherlock, but he’s grateful for their continued slumber and silence.
, then scans around the perimeter to the east.
“m'fine,” John mumbles through his toothpaste.
The only thing Sherlock knew for certain was that he couldn’t keep pacing the same four steps of the bathroom. That, and he really needed to clean his teeth after drinking all that Champagne and eating all that cake. When he was done cleaning his teeth he stripped out of his trousers, waistcoat, tie, shirt, and socks, and put on one of the thick terry cloth robes hanging on the back of the door. Should he take off his pants, too? He assumed they’d be coming off soon enough, but a man had his pride, and Sherlock’s pride was currently woven into those pants.
James was quiet for a moment but when he spoke he looked Sherlock in the eye. “John and I talked about it last night. You were right when you said that I’ll be required to marry in the near future. John thinks there are several reasons to take matters into my own hands, now, while I still have some say. Despite having staff in my home throughout the week I am isolated much of the time. From both a safety point of view and for what John referred to as my ‘state of mental health,’ it might behove my situation to not be alone so much of the time.”
Sherlock lifted up again and leaned over John. He kissed him square on the mouth, smiling, happy to give John what he’d asked for.
“However,” Siger continues, raising his voice, “there were countless ways you could have fulfilled that fate. Had we not gone to Cassiopeia, had you and John not found the tooth, you would have taken a different journey.
“Sherlock, just pick,” John said, shifting the red plastic shopping basket to his other arm. “It’s going to be great no matter what.”
“You and Mycroft?”
They made their way up the stairs, turning off lights behind them. Sherlock trailed after John at a distance, rather like a hotel guest being guided to his room. Once inside, John closed the door behind them.
Sherlock held up his hands and John wove their fingers together, then braced his weight over Sherlock and began to slide up and down again. “I feel you everywhere, too.”
“I’m glad you like it, dear. I know this was always one of your favorites.”
He let John go first, let him push the door open and see the scene Sherlock had set for them. Sherlock was standing behind John, but he could hear the smile on his face when he said, “I’ll definitely remember this.”
He took the whole roll of garbage bags with him, and went through the house, room by room, and filled them with useless clutter, with old office supplies and half-filled notebooks and cassette tapes and even a few old 8-tracks he found in a hallway closet. He tossed out faded, fraying towels, and dried up tubes of paint, and all the contents of Mycroft's desk.
His man,
Sherlock wriggles so the tooth slips down his side, then he balances it on his wing. They both look at it.
to catch at, snatch, to flash, lightning
. Your
Sloppy thank you kisses to KarlyAnne, who is counting down to something fabulous and exciting and wonderful, and still manages to beta for me. Godspeed, peng, godspeed.
“John, it’s okay, really –”
John turned his head to the side and Sherlock saw the smile play over his face. He didn’t say anything, so Sherlock settled his hands under John’s shoulder blades and dug his thumbs up toward John’s spine.
He knew, deep in his gut, the way he knew the most private details about other people's lives, that the bear was significant to his forgotten self. He was clearly the one who had drooled on it, mouthed at its ears, embraced it through dark nights. It was obvious, it was practically written in all caps, all over the pathetic thing. He was the one who had snuggled it. He had snuggled.
“Left? For where?”
“What time is our reservation?”
Erebus does a good job of keeping Sherlock focused on the application of his mesoscale theories to established hunting strategies, no matter how often Sherlock tries to steer the conversation back to the Apologists, a topic about which he's been unsuccessful learning more.
Siger faces them and exchanges greetings with those he has not yet seen. The pleasantries are polite, but quick. Moringa does not raise her eyes from the ice, and makes only the slightest of bows when Siger addresses her.
“I only tell you this now because I know I will be asked later. John and I were not in the mating position, as it has been explained to me. So, I am not overly worried about Elder Moringa’s claims. Her sanity, perhaps, but not her claims.”
“Why are you guys staring at me?” he said, not looking up.
Sherlock dropped his hands from the back of his head, and grabbed onto the pillow underneath him.
“You’re not going to be able to avoid that for much longer, you know. Now that the legislation has passed, you’ll be required to marry,” Sherlock reminded him.
friends, roof-jumping, hostage-taking, handcuffed, gun-shooting, bad-guy-killing best friends, and they knew just about everything there was to know about each other.
"No." John says.
Sherlock laid his fork down and put his hands in his lap.
“Nope. Mom didn’t say anything to me about that. Harry will be there, though.”
"Maybe. Do you? Need to go?"
“Highly unlikely, but nice try.” John swatted Sherlock’s ass as he moved around him toward the bathroom. “Ooh, even your ass is freezing. Let’s go. Shower.”
Sherlock sighs his way under John’s bill, and kisses that sweet spot where black meets white. “Oh, John. And only you for me.
Not much more time passes before Sherlock hears the sweep of tail feathers over ice, and they all turn to watch the progression of the High Council, in elegant single file, approach the grounds. No one says a word as they pass, twelve of them, twelve emperors of distinction, each of them bearing the nature of their responsibility like an invisible cloak, heads held high, chests wide, wings straight by their sides. Sherlock wishes John could see this. He tries his best to memorize every detail of their forbearance and civility, their grace and fortitude. Rarely has he seen a sight as impressive as the Intercolonial Emperor High Council.
“That’s the plan.” Sherlock tried not to think about his birthday, as his and John’s plans had no place on the table between him and his brother. “We haven’t picked an exact date to go back, yet. John goes back to school on the 19th.”
And this is why it takes me six hours to write one sentence.
Greg groaned and ran his fist over his mouth.
In time she will learn the subtle difference between these two titles, one of which means both aunt and mother, the other of which can only mean aunt. For now, it is enough that she knows their names.
“And that is where you found this?”
He collected the scattered photographs, taking only a minute to flip through them. He and John out to dinner, John laughing, John flirting, John listening with a rapt look on his face. He conjured up a box the colour of John’s hair, made it sturdy with silver grommets and a tight-fitting lid, and dropped the stack of photos into the bottom. They looked paltry there, and Sherlock realised he’d made the box so big so that he could add plenty more to it in the future.
"I read that the influenza was going around. I was expressing concern for your health.”
“And I could barely stand it, driving there, knowing you were going to strip down and I’d get to see you again, naked, and have to try not to look, or at least not to be caught looking. And I'd do myself no favors, walking behind you, roughhousing in the water, never knowing what I might get my hands on.
John stopped long enough to take a deep breath and whisper, “Fuck yeah,” before diving in again, redoubling his efforts with lips and tongue, his face pressed in tight.
“Come here, you two!” Sherlock calls, trying not to smile as the little balls of grey fluff wiggle to attention and scurry forward. They stand at his feet, as if reporting to duty, and look up at him with wide eyes.
There is complete silence.
“Safe from you throwing them away.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. And, this isn’t some sort of covert sting operation. No one will be
“Erebus, may I ask a rather personal question?”
Sherlock laughed, and the water rippled higher on his chest.
John trailed his fingernails up the backs of Sherlock’s legs, over his ass, back down. He shook his head back and forth, and Sherlock’s cock slapped against the inside of his mouth and over his tongue. He groaned. John sucked once and popped off.
“I can't believe you're here.” He pressed his palms to John's ears and wrapped his fingers around the curves of his skull, pressed their foreheads together. He rubbed his nose over John's temple and eyebrow and nose. John let himself be inspected and nuzzled, resting his hands on Sherlock's narrow hips, and kept his eyes closed as Sherlock kissed each lid.
“Sherlock, don't make me kick your ass first thing in the morning.”
John was quiet. Too quiet. Sherlock let his drifting hand come to rest on John’s bicep, and closed his eyes. He shouldn’t have asked.
John glanced back and forth between
“I appreciate your confidence in me, Pāpā, but even you must admit it is odd for a shell to be void of any markings or colour?”
“Really? I’m pretty sure I know all your friends, Sherlock. How do you know this Kevin guy?”
“You think it’s just a tooth, don’t you?”
Sherlock could only stare down at his empty plate in horror. She reached out and patted him on the arm.
“Shh, shh, John, no, it's okay.” He lowered John down onto his side and curled around him from behind, stretching his legs out of their cramped position and flipping the side of the duvet over them. He cradled John in his arms and petted down his chest and arms, soothing and shushing, rocking him, hugging him close.
He finished his coffee and got out of bed. Time to shower.
Erebus focuses on Sherlock and nods. “Is it time then, young Sherlock? Is the hunt on?”
John takes a step closer, then looks down at the egg. “Do you feel anything now?”
“John, I should remind you that it will be very difficult for me to resume the path we were on last night as long as we have a guest in the house.”
Sherlock jerked his head up and met Mycroft’s eye. He was sure he wasn’t imagining the hope in his brother’s expression, and yet Sherlock felt caught off guard. He might as well have found himself at a fork in a road he had always believed to be going one way and one way only. To choose a new direction now, without considering his options, seemed foolhardy. On the other hand, what options did he have but to take Mycroft at his word? Mycroft absolved him of any of the blame he had carried for the last ten years. But was that relevant? Could he absolve himself?
Sherlock has no idea what will happen if he does any of these impulsive (says John), inappropriate (according to John), embarrassing (to John) things again.
“Mmm. It wasn’t Nathan Foster after all,” Sherlock said against the curve of John’s jaw. “It was too obvious, that one. No one intent on killing someone else would be so transparent in their bio. Army reserve, studying law, a deceased brother?” Sherlock slid one hand up John’s thigh, over his hip, and up his torso to his chest. “It stood out among the folder candidates but as a percentage of the general population he’s really not that unusual.” John’s nipple pearled under Sherlock’s thumb, and John took a deep breath, expanding his chest against the pressure.
“What does this mean?”
. What’s a
“Are you, now?”
They resurfaced.
He scoops Imi up in his arms, cradling her to his chest, then makes his way up the stairs to Imi's room. He comes down a few minutes later and rejoins John on the sofa, stretching out long with his head in John's lap and his feet on the opposite armrest. They watch the news and the end of the latest James Bond, then lock up and head upstairs.
Sherlock’s cock twitched against his belly.
Fuck the carpet.
“You can’t get much closer.” John tucked some curls behind Sherlock’s ear and traced his finger along the upper curve of the helix, the tip of that delicate curve tinged pink with satisfaction.
___ Positions
“I don’t know. I’ve been trying not to think about it. Part of me doesn’t want them to know, not because I’m ashamed or anything, but because I just don’t think they’ll get it. I don’t want to hurt them, but it wouldn’t really be me hurting them, would it, by not living up to their narrow expectations? They’d be hurting themselves if they can’t be more open-minded.”
by Lascaux, titled "Sherlock: Bathtub Serenade."
“Red ribbon. Mrs. Hudson always does this thing with ribbon curling around the tree. I’d like to replicate the effect on our tree.”
“Good thinking. Make a list of what you need and we’ll make sure you’re sorted.”
“Yes, sir. It was ours. She took it.”
“I don’t know much about her, to be honest.” John filled an espresso cup with whip cream and drizzled fudge sauce on it. Grabbing a spoon, he pulled himself up onto the counter beside Sherlock. The space was tight so they were pressed together all along one side, snugged close. “She’s got two sons, both grown. I think one runs a dry cleaners? The other’s a cook of some sort. At a chippy. She doesn’t seem to like them much. She’s always complaining about them being worthless gobshites.”
“I doubt it’ll take too long, actually. I promise to call you as soon as I know something.” They had reached the restaurant, and Sherlock pulled the door open and waved John inside.
“You don’t act like it.”
“So it is. I hereby call this meeting to a close. Thank you, everyone, for participating in Sherlock’s plan. It has all been quite successful.”
Sherlock and John stay up late to talk about Erebus, and themselves.
“Staying alive is not boring, Sherlock.”
“Kiss.”
“Elbows off the table, Sherlock.”
John was heavy on top of him, solid, delicious. Their movements were frantic, scrambling and groping, their kisses filthy wet things while their hips rutted and rolled, desperate.
“If she’s not down here in nine minutes and forty-five seconds I’m taking you on this table, and I don’t care if she walks in on us.”
name, which is simply Sherlock.”
Would everyone find the sight in front of him so blindingly gorgeous? Isn't Sherlock objectively beautiful, and wouldn't anyone see it? Would everyone feel the same warmth spread through their chest, the same desire to touch and be touched in that moonbeam? Or is it just him, just John, falling in love over and over again, falling in love over breakfast and in the garden and in the ice cream shop? Just his heart bursting open in dark alleys and quiet village lanes and in the path of a moonbeam?
iv. Stare at John's mouth for approximately six seconds
“You really are very protective when it comes to my ass.”
Library, library, it must be the—
“I did! It was all very interesting, I must say.”
“Leave with
Sherlock listened to John’s end of the conversation, but John’s ‘Really? Seriously? But that makes no sense,’ was not what he’d expected to hear.
I wrote this, and then agenttanha and mmelibrarian88 asked me to put it on AO3 (asked, demanded, whatever), so here it is, a bit cleaned up for errors and typos.
“Because I had killed myself in front of you, so you had good reason.”
“You’re so beautiful,
“Medical Innovations, too. They have a bionic arm and some stuff on imaging.” John scooped up and ate a giant spoonful of pudding.
the clarinet?), and then there were answers that made Sherlock want to tie John to a chair until he had told Sherlock absolutely every last detail.
"I didn't. Then you showed up, flashing thigh and calf all over the front room, like some kind of blogging harlot, and that was the end of that."
Sherlock’s face flushed warm, and something flopped and fluttered in his chest. John was so certain, always so sure of Sherlock, so sure of both of them.
And then there were the more lascivious smiles, the ones John sent when Sherlock caught him staring at his body. Those smiles were physical assaults, and Sherlock breathed them in from across the room, pulled them right into his lungs with a sharp inhalation. He could feel those smiles push goosebumps up on his forearms, harden his nipples, flutter through the chambers of his heart, and then slide down, down, down, into his belly and groin and inner thighs.
John sipped more of the Met’s carefully budgeted bubbles, and let his gaze wander over that fine figure. He took in the way Sherlock’s suit trousers draped over the muscles in his thighs, the way the fabric suggested – no, highlighted – that the man was dressed to the left.
They are some distance away from the crèche when Erebus stops, turns to them, and speaks.
“For the tree. For setting the scene. We’ve had years of shared Christmases, but this is our first one living together.”
Sherlock giggles, then John giggles, and then Sherlock slips and lands on his back, and John slips and lands on top of Sherlock.
“Are you worried about telling him?”
“But absolutely worth it.” Sherlock reached down and cupped John's bottom in his large hands. It was warm and firm and lightly fuzzed under his palms, the smooth curves perfectly shaped for Sherlock to caress and touch.
but for the slope
They cover the distance in no time at all, fuelled by possibility, and hope. When the small hill comes into view, they drop down and toboggan, huffing out frosty plumes of air, pushing themselves as hard as they can for the last stretch.
Mycroft sighs, an exhalation that lasts forever and ruffles Sherlock’s feathers.
“Sherlock.”
“Sorry,
“Greg. Lock the doors. Come back in thirty minutes.”
Mrs. Watson nodded along.
“Oh God, you guys … no, of course you wouldn’t. You’re so new to the scene. Do you want to tell them, or should I?”
“What brings you to Chicago, Mycroft?”
But mostly, Sherlock wondered when John would find and read his letter. He imagined him sitting down on the edge of his bed and unfolding it, his brow all scrunched up, and then stopping to flick through the pages, and leaning back against his unused pillow when he saw how long it was. He imagined John sighing as he read it, and maybe blowing out a deep breath, shaking his head, considering, closing his eyes, opening them to read more.
“Yes, that one, Babe.”
John lifted his soup bowl sized mug to his mouth and grinned. “Had a great time. How about you?”
“That’s exactly what I just said.”
John burst into words.
Pretending he is here for a social visit would be a waste of time and an insult to Erebus’ still vast intelligence. “Erebus, please, if you can wait until I come back, I ‒ I do not think I could bear to say goodbye now. I know how eager you are to see Selvic, I do, and I would not delay your reunion, but if you could wait, if you could stay and meet our hatchling, just another few moons, Erebus ‒”
Sherlock grabs Anahera’s face between his wings and squeezes. If she looks shocked, he can't tell.
Imi nods and tugs John back into the house, where they gather her things and head out to where Sherlock and Hannah wait.
Sentiment? But why would John be sentimental over a stuffed bear that Sherlock hadn't seen for the last twenty-five years? He sat on the edge of the sofa and watched John read the paper. John glanced over at him and then went back to the sports section. Sherlock inched a bit closer. John raised an eyebrow but didn't look away from the paper. Sherlock inched a bit closer, and this time John folded the paper and tossed it aside.
“Jesus, Sherlock, we can’t—oh my God—”
But first, his hair.
“Oh, my God. I can't believe you. ‘Pretty into it.’ You're never going to get me off your dick after this, you know that, right?”
“I do. Yes. It gives me more to hold on to when we … you know.” John glances down at the egg as if looking for ears to cover.
Another doorway.
“I don’t know what to think. I’ve never been a believer. I’ve always taken the legends at face value, as parables and nothing more. But Mycroft, I
“Sherlock, please,” John said from the other side of the door. His voice was soft and pleading and Sherlock hated himself just a little bit in the moment, hated himself for not letting John explain, for not giving him a chance to fix this. It was too late now. The night was ruined.
“I get it. I do.”
Sherlock doesn't understand why anyone would need to tell him. "No one told me, John. Can't you see what I see?"
“I’ve had this since I was twelve, Sherlock! No matter what you think of my playing ability, you can’t abuse my instrument!”
Aumārire
Happy Monday, everyone!
“Our own farm has done quite well over the years. We’ve had our ups and downs, but we’ve always been able to meet payday and put a good meal on the table. I haven’t played around with the stock market to the extent Mycroft has, and my gains there have been modest, but like I said, we’re doing okay.
“Tell me what you were going to ask for, Sherlock.”
John shook his head and rubbed Sherlock’s back. “Not at all. These little stolen moments are enough. I love sharing a bed with you and being close to you. I like having you in my arms. It doesn’t have to be more than that.”
“You're going to squash it, then.”
Sherlock gave himself a final nudge and pushed himself up to sitting. He pulled his knees to his chest and wrapped his arms around his shins. “I need to solve this case.”
“But we could have been spending all of our nights together up until now, and tonight, too, considering how much disdain I have for that ridiculous guide, had I not been so …”
, and about their futures. Sherlock wants to ask her if she and Tui have ever wanted a chick of their own, but he doesn’t know how to broach such an intimate topic. As they weave their way between a cluster of bumbling chicks, Anahera saves him from his own awkward contemplation by asking him the very same question.
Around them, the colony stirs.
Sherlock dropped John’s hands.
“Yes. Wow. They’re really growing up. Well, not growing up. They’re still young. Little.” Sherlock nodded as if he’d just said something profound. John kicked him again. “Um, do you have any pictures of them?”
Sherlock nodded.
“I had no idea.”
Sherlock drops his head to his chest and groans. She has got to be kidding. Could she be any more transparent? He considers. Perhaps if she were of the Cranchiidae family, with their sixty-some kinds of glass squid, she could be a
“Well, no. I couldn’t. We were leaving shortly after I found it. Do you think that’s wrong, to want to examine it?”
“I hope you don’t mind that I asked John to be here today, Sherlock. I wasn’t sure if you’d even be willing to see me.”
, and not just my friend, and she’s very important to me?” Ariki asks.
“I guess. I mean, if you aren’t interested in keeping the land, or not all of it.”
. You could’ve been hurt. Where even was this place? And why are you walking around back alleys?”
Sherlock looked around. Fuck the dusting. His room looked perfectly fine to him. “You don’t have to do that, Mrs. Hudson. Why don’t you go rest, and I can dust in here.”
The time passes quickly, and sooner than Sherlock would have imagined, the morning is gone, and they have arrived at Pobeda’s eastern edge. He signals for Anahera and Tui to wait, then speeds ahead to survey the area for the best landing spot. Satisfied with his decision, he slips under and turns back, returning to his friends so he can lead them to the spot he has chosen.
Four more days until he sees John.
“Maybe.”
“Give me the remote.”
If only you knew, Sherlock thought to himself.
“You sure did, and it was stunning.”
“Yes.”
“I am not. But John is, and Anahera and Tui seem quite certain. I gave it to Father as soon as I returned, and the Council has kept it safe since then. I have not been told, but I think eventually our Council will deliver it to the Emperor High Council, as we did the tooth.”
"I'm right here, in case you've forgotten."
“And that Laffitte asshole, thinking, what, that you weren’t worth me sticking around for? That I wouldn’t care if he stood there, right in front of you, and said horrible, mean things, as if you weren't my whole life?
sherlock
“John just sucker-punched Stephan.”
“Love you, too. Bye.”
“I can be glamorous, too, you know. Sherlock, tell, Imi.”
“I get it. I get it. Breathe, Sherlpeng, breathe.”
Sherlock slowed to a stop and peered down the narrow gap between two buildings. “Not its own room, no. I only need a small box for what we’ve discovered so far.”
“Oh.” Sherlock took another sip. “Oh, my God.” Another sip. “Ohhh, John.”
Back at home, John put the groceries away and uncorked the wine while Sherlock rummaged around in the master bathroom for something that would add bubbles to the bathwater. He found a half-full bottle of a minty smelling body wash, turned on the taps, and poured in a generous stream. He stacked clean towels on the bathmat, lit a couple of candles that were tucked away under the sink, and adjusted the water temperature a few times before calling down to John.
John took in Sherlock's sweat-soaked hair, his glistening shoulders, the way his nipples peaked underneath the pale pink lycra top. He let his gaze wander down, appreciating the strip of dainty waist exposed just above his tights, the beautifully conspicuous bulge at the apex of his thighs, the defined muscles of his legs, the unexpected bareness of his elegant feet.
“Yes, John’s right, you should. I—I would like that, too.”
“How so?”
“What do you observe about me?”
“Can't wait for that pie, Dorothy,” Mr. Watson said, settling into his chair.
“Tell me about her,” Sherlock said, taking another sip.
John stared at him.
"I have been standing here, lost, for at least fifty heartbeats, and you knew exactly where I needed to go."
“I can’t do that right now, Mrs. Hudson. I have to go check the mail.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but a sob came out instead.
Sherlock’s face was flushed, and his lips were swollen. They both had stubble burns on their chins and cheeks, and hair sticking out in all directions. They were breathing hard, panting between words. This, their fooling around, was an increasingly aggressive thing, a rowdy, physical, tossing, heaving type of thing.
back. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t believe in goddesses and magical seal teeth and all that. I believe it was easier to blame our disagreements on something outside of us, and so that’s what we did. I believe it was easier to wait for someone else to fix it for us so that we didn’t have to do it ourselves. I believe you gave us two paths to choose from. We can believe you found the relic of Kororā’s love and brought
“Well, I think it’s only fair I know the sexuality of someone you expect me to marry, Mother.”
“Yes,” Sherlock interjects, “but that doesn’t have to be a bad thing, if others believe, not if it brings us hope, and peace. Plus, it will be the best souvenir ever. For John.”
“I know you do. I won’t forget.”
“Sure you don't want some?” John pushed the pizza across the table. “You haven't eaten all day.”
He heard Mycroft sigh and could imagine him rolling his eyes and tapping the tip of his signature umbrella on the parquet floor of his ‘I serve a minor role’ office. “Fine. Parliament is meeting this morning to discuss legislation for required arranged marriages. They plan to start among society families such as ours, and work their way down through the ranks until they deem enough of the establishment has married and put down roots. How are things going with your John Watson? Have you scared him off yet?”
"You dance ballet?"
aflame
Behind him, a proper idiot loudly cleared his throat and bumped into Sherlock’s backpack.
“Sherlock, my dear peng, I do wish all emperors were as straightforward and unabashed in their curiosity as you. It would save so many of them so much confusion and misunderstanding.
John was right, the shower was necessary. The hot water soothed and relaxed him, and as he rolled his head back and forth over his shoulders the last of that clinging emotional tightness released and faded, too. It would be okay. And if it wasn’t, John would still be there to help make it okay. He gave himself a quick scrub and shampoo and rinsed off. He bent down to press his fingers against the floor of the tub, stretching his legs and lower back, then rolled back up and stretched his arms behind him. He plugged his ears and let the shower rain down on the top of his head, and let the echo of water on his skull drive the last bits of worry from his mind.
"And then you leaned in, and you tilted your head down, and I tilted mine up, and you brought your lips to mine. God, it was the most romantic thing, it really was, Sherlock, like a movie, better, and you pressed your lips to mine, so lightly, so soft ‒"
How could Sherlock say this? How could he say that all he wanted was John, forever, with no one to ever come between them, but that also, yes, he thought maybe someday he might want kids, when the time was right, if it ever was, but if he did, he could only imagine it happening with John, that he’d want to get married, and wear a ring, and be dads together, and maybe have a dog, like Redbeard, because John loved Redbeard, too, and was just as devastated when they’d had to put him down. He didn’t know how to say any of that.
“Flat white, two—“
“Okay. It's okay, Johnling. It's okay. She cannot be
“Laundry?”
“Um, the usual stuff. I watched a few of the free clips on one of those porn sites, but I didn’t want to pay for a membership so I didn’t get far. You can get all sorts of clips on Tumblr, though, so I watched a few of those. I liked the magazine better. Better production qualities.” Sherlock turned around and hid his face in John's neck. He was pretty sure that John would not be getting the same quality confession from him if he didn’t have the future of his sexual satisfaction literally in his hands.
He holds it on his wingtip and raises it to his eye. He turns it this way and that, watching how the light bounces and refracts and catches. He flips it over, carefully, silently, to look at the other side. The grooves of the star are as deep as he remembered, the lines as straight, the points as sharp. At one time, he remembers, he and John thought it was a snowflake. Stars and snowflakes, snowflakes and stars. They’re quite similar, each unique, each born in the sky, one shining down, the other falling down. One eternal, the other fleeting.
Centre emperor considers.
John dug through the paper bag and pulled out paper plates and napkins. He passed them to Sherlock, then pulled out a six pack of Coke. “Sorry, um, Angelo won’t let me have beer.”
Sherlock, you’re the stunning one. So elegant, so regal.” John peers up at Sherlock, angling his head toward one shoulder. “I’m so lucky. You picked me. I don’t know why, but you picked me.”
Sherlock is sure that the skin under his down is bright orangey-red. He gawks up at his mother, flabbergasted that she would embarrass him this way. He can't look at John, doesn't want to see whatever expression must be on his face now. It's hard to avoid seeing him, though, because John is like the sun, glorious and precious, and you can't help but bask in it, can't help but let your entire body turn toward it of its own volition.
She has tears in her eyes when she rights herself. “Well,” she says, sniffing into the underside of her wing. “She scared me half to death, but I must say, this is an outcome beyond what I could have imagined.”
He looked at John, who was still looking at him with a look of expectation and curiosity. “I want to survive this process with the least amount of inflicted damage and the most control as possible.”
“Irrelevant.”
“I feel fine. Should I not feel fine?”
“Oh honey, I’ve known about Harry since she was five, making eyes at little Julie Warner at Kindergarten.”
Sherlock bit back a smile, and without looking up, waved his long fingers over the page, and said, “Kevin? Oh, just some guy.”
Pobeda stands solid under the onslaught of wind, snow, and ice. The emperors huddle tight and make continuous, shuffling rotations, so that those on the outside can move in, and those on the inside can move out. There is no crèche now, only one, united colony, moving together.
“It is.”
“Are you sure you don’t want to order the ‘I’m Not A Whore I’m Just Popular”?
Confirmation comes that afternoon, by way of a visit from Terina. The High Council will see them first thing the morning of the next day. Terina gives explicit instructions on where to meet, explains who will be there, and what they can expect.
"Sherlock and Mycroft of Pobeda. We propose the creation of a committee to study the apologist movement, its history, members, agendas, and so forth. This committee would operate under the jurisdiction of the High Council, present its findings, and recommend appropriate amendments to existing emperor law. The High Council would then review those recommendations, and enact commensurate measures. Do you have any objection?”
And when he did, when he pointed his tongue and flicked across that tender place, he found himself drawn to doing it again and again, and then to flattening his tongue and licking it properly, and then to probing, trying to press his tongue right into it, because John's body was conducting a symphony of aroused responses, each part in beautiful concert with the rest, everything tied together by a song of praise, John’s words rushing over each other, urging Sherlock on.
“Oh. Was, was it, um, interesting?”
“You have an appointment.”
“Think nothing of it.” She closed the door behind her but Sherlock waited until he heard the door to her own flat click shut before he went to the bathroom and began to strip out of his clothes.
"Are you okay? You look like you have to poop or something."
“What about when you were brushing your hair over me? That was incredible, too.”
“So?”
John snapped his head up from undoing Sherlock’s cuffs. “Stop it. You wouldn’t be lost.”
“Yes.”
“Want me to get us two more of those coffee things we just had?”
“Frankie K’ was an asshole, even in the third grade.”
“Which?”
“John,” Sherlock panted. “Wait, tiger. Wait. Not yet.”
“Yeah, I guess you can say that.” Greg didn’t even look away from Kevin when he answered.
“Anahera’s.”
Later, cleaned up and nestled against the pillows and covered with the quilt and extra blanket, Sherlock laid his head on John’s chest and looked up at the tree.
“Don’t answer it.”
“I know you do. That’s why we’ve watched it thirteen times in the last fifteen years. And that’s why we’re not watching it now.”
"All right, then. Fine. You don't want toast, and I didn't go out, and something about last night. Hm. Sorry, no. You’ll have to be clearer."
“Constantly.”
I LOVE THIS LIKE I LOVE CHOCOLATE, WHICH IS A LOT
“Sherlock, honey, I know you’re excited. I know you’re expecting him any minute now. But don’t you think he’ll stop here and come in? I’m sure he’s excited to see you, too.”
“Oh, Sherlock. You beautiful man. Come here.”
“I don’t, really. Not much. I found this one in the trashcan at the gas station on Kennedy. I was cleaning out the truck while I filled up, and I saw it in there. I reached in and grabbed it before I really knew what I was doing, tucked it up under my letter jacket, threw it in the glove compartment, and then prayed to God no one saw me. I was sure someone was going to call my mom and tell her they saw me fishing gay magazines out of the garbage.
in it. I cannot work like this. What if someone thinks I'm responsible for that, that atrocity?” Sherlock ends his sentence with a horrified sniff and presses two trembling fingertips to his pursed lips.
"I love you, too."
This is from a two part Tumblr ficlet, which at 5,300+ words, turned out much longer than I thought it would be.
"Good."
“John.”
“Feels good to get out of the suit, doesn’t it?”
John's perch was raising itself away from Sherlock's body. Tiny Bat John wrapped his legs and wings around Sherlock's erection as he gained elevation, then looked around the room, down at Sherlock, and at the top of the sheet tented just under his chin.
John dropped the pillow he’d been fluffing. “What? You only realized that when I hit that fucker?”
“We can go ice skating again,” John countered. “Watch some movies. Read some books. I need a haircut, too. Oh, and we can start planning for New York!”
Sherlock was spinning with sensation, all of it yanking him out of his head and into physical feelings previously unexplored, close to all that he'd been afraid of. Still, Sherlock kept his eyes closed, and when John asked, “You okay?” he only nodded and hummed and John came back again, again and again. Sherlock felt the tip of John’s tongue slide along the edge of his lower lip so he opened his mouth more and brought his tongue out to meet John’s. John’s tongue was sweet and wet and only just flirting with his own, but that’s when he felt his mind skitter to a halt. He froze, and then John's tongue was gone and John was smiling against his mouth.
Sherlock’s distress is palpable, his trill is anxious, and other pengs nearby look over in curiosity. If he thought he knew sadness before, if he thought he knew separation, he knew nothing. He will see John later today, if all goes well. But Erebus and Selvic …
Sherlock sleeps well that night, with Anahera and Tui tucked by his side. He does not dream. He does not travel. The question Mycroft posed stays at the forefront of his mind in its restful state, and when he wakes, he knows what he will do.
"Oh dear god, you are adorable when you yell. Don't tell anyone I said that. But, no, listen. You're not yourself right now. I mean, more so than your being a bat, and all. See, your species of bat –"
"Exactly! Are you with me, John?"
Then, he turns and walks back toward John, who has his extremely proud look on his face. When Sherlock has gone no more than a few steps, he hears a sound in his head, the sound of
John lowers his head and slowly shakes it.
bonded.”
“Can we please not do this?”
“Happy Birthday, little brother.”
“Oh, you never need a reason to call on me, dear. I love having company. Lord knows I never see John.”
“His foam.”
“I’m not going to mate with Janine or anyone but you, and neither are you, ever, going to mate with anyone but me.”
This is John Watson’s all-time favourite photo of Sherlock.
“Oh. I see. I have a coffee maker at home but it seems to be broken.”
“Hey, we’ve got all night, okay?”
They stop talking as they approach the entrance to the cave, each of them out of breath, each silently anticipating their time here. John enters first, then Sherlock, then Hudi. Hudi has only one foot inside the cave when John shrieks. The call is one of outrage and warning. Sherlock doesn’t make a peep. He is too shocked to open his bill.
“Mm?”
“She’s pretty protective of people’s privacy. She knew about me and John before John’s parents did, and she didn’t say a word.”
“No, not really. Like you said, you can’t help what comes to mind when you’re stimulated. Plus, I could tell that you were really into it.”
John got out first, wrapped himself in one of the bath sheets Sherlock had found in the linen closet, then reached out to help Sherlock stand and step over the side of the tub. They dried themselves, and each other, toweling their hair, patting down backs, lingering over bottoms, then hung the towels up over the shower rod and ran back to the bedroom.
“What is that, Sherlock?”
“You're so excited about this. What if I mess it up?”
John Watson adored him.
“Do tell, little brother, when do you expect this proposal to arrive?”
Of Perthshire, the internet says:
“That was not taking a chance, my dear boy. Oh my, no. That was placing my trust in something greater than myself.”
John gains momentum, hurls words into the space between them. “Sherlock, could I come home? To you? Here? Could we start again, the way it should have been? I have spent so long now hating myself for giving you up, for wasting our lives.
“Well, if John doesn’t stop eating donuts, he’s going to spend the day running back and forth between the bed and the bathroom. I, on the other hand, thought I might wander over to Lincoln Square and check out a shop I’ve heard about.”
“It’s okay, Mycroft. It’s what you want, and what you deserve. If not this, you would insist on coming with me, and really, I’m quite sick and tired of you.” He tries to smile, but his bill seems intent on producing only a shaky quiver.
This is your husband, he told himself, this is your husband kissing you, kissing you with his mouth, with his lips and his tongue, sweet like peppermint, warm and wet and incredibly good.
They spy on the other chicks, and on their parents, and on the councilpengs, and then use Sherlock’s deductions to make up stories about them, too. Sherlock tries to teach John some simple observational techniques so that he doesn’t have to rely on Sherlock’s, but John’s deductions seem to be more flights of fantasy than walks through reality.
“So frigid.”
“I’m sorry if I woke you.”
“Good, ideas are good. What is it?”
“What is this?” John asked, bumping Sherlock’s shoulder and digging his hands deeper into his pockets.
“That's because he was an idiot, Imogen.”
“How did you, oh, oh God.”
John bit into another cookie as Sherlock pulled him out of the lobby. “Thanks, Jessica!” he called out as they went through the revolving door.
"I'm sorry, what?"
John slid a bit to the side, toward the back of the sofa, and something new and fascinating registered in Sherlock's analytical brain: smell. He was well familiar with the smell of his own sweat, and John's. He was used to the scent of his own semen, pungent and bitter, quickly rinsed down the shower or wiped on a discarded shirt or vest. He was not however, familiar with the scent of their combined sweat, saliva, and semen, and he inhaled all of it now, deeply, and tried to pick apart the elements, what was what, and whose, and from where.
Despite Watson’s herculean efforts, they lost, again. Sherlock sat on the bench and recalculated some of the season’s averages. He could debrief with Coach Lestrade on Monday.
“More tea for you, Major Sholto?”
“And don’t let us keep you from using it while we’re here,” John said.
“It’s New Year’s Eve. Our first one together, well, you know,
“Touch yourself, oh God, oh, John.”
"They’re teaching her our secret language, too?"
“Can you be more specific about what you’ve done with my trust, Mycroft?”
, which shows a little robot peng infiltrating a chick huddle, after which all viewers immediately melt into puddles.
James glanced at John, then back at Sherlock.
“Mmm?”
“To John and Sherlock! If you both have even half the happiness I’ve had with my Gloria, you’ll be endlessly happy, indeed!”
“You’re thinking too much. I can tell.”
John opened the pizza box again, but Sherlock waved off another piece. John closed it and dropped it to the ground. He gathered up their napkins and cans and plates, shoved those in the bag, and dropped that over the side, too.
“Would the Council need to know?”
Sherlock shrugged. “All sorts of things. The important things.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mm?”
Sherlock gave John a lopsided smile and raised an eyebrow. “Um, when you were trying to work up the nerve to kiss me?”
“How’s that?”
John is gathering stones at the edge of the shore and Sherlock is pretending not to stare. He could help gather stones, but that would interfere with his ability to really, properly, stare at John. He is simultaneously watching for leopard seals, because he told John that he couldn’t help him because someone had to watch for the enemy, but he knows that no seals have been reported in this area since before the hatching season.
He popped a bit of scone in his mouth and tugged his bedsheet tighter around his waist, then settled into his favourite chair and turned on the television. Any hopes he’d had that common sense would prevail flew right out the two tall windows overlooking Baker Street. The Cabinet had met and heard from the Arranged Marriage Programme Committee. They had already voted, and arranged marriage was now a requirement in England. Further news would be forthcoming about who this affected, and when, and how, but for now it appeared that those who did not choose a spouse through the Programme would have one chosen for them through some sort of algorithm that matched candidates by class, race, income, and other demographic variables. There would be countless hours of commentary by pundits both for and against the legislation. No doubt there would be protests and parties, celebrations and calls for action.
On the morning of the fourth to last day, the “slang subcommittee” swims to a nearby ice floe to ensure maximum privacy. They are well in sight of Cassiopeia, and will notice if anyone else approaches.
“We are, are we? Don't tell your mama we gave you ice cream for lunch. She'll be mad because we never let her have ice cream for lunch.” He sets the jar of flowers down on the table, turning it this way and that, and then wipes his hands down the front of his jeans.
She takes John's arm in hers and tosses a look back over her shoulder at Sherlock. Her tone is conspiratorial, low, warm. “Keeping this one in line, Dottore Watson? I do not envy you. Not one bit. What a handful.”
That he was able to do that while being as guarded and private as he always was remains a mystery to Sherlock. John says that one need not mimic a chattering therapist to care for and cherish someone, and Sherlock thinks that what John means is that you can love someone deeply without making a huge dramatic fuss about it. He thinks that John's quiet act of loving Sherlock is what saved them both when they both needed saving.
“Oh, I can, can I?” John teased, but he also moved in closer again, closed his eyes, and found Sherlock’s mouth. He stayed longer this time, and the fingers not twisted around Sherlock’s curls continued to stroke his forearm, his knuckles, his wrist and palm. Sherlock moved closer, keeping his body from touching John’s, but close enough to feel their shared warmth. With a tilt of his head he opened his mouth and John hummed approvingly, licked along Sherlock’s lips, and sent his tongue in search of Sherlock’s. Sherlock met him tentatively. The first touch of tongue to tongue almost caused a complete body shut down, but Sherlock scraped together some semblance of thought and pushed ahead.
“Had I known I could've had this effect on you by naming body parts I would have done it years ago.”
“I should think so.”
“I'm going to fuck you now. I don't think I can wait any longer. I'm going to tell you exactly what I'm doing, and I want you to see it in your mind as I'm doing it, okay?” John didn't wait for an answer. Sherlock felt the rounded tip of John's cock press against him. “I've got my dick right up against your hole. Your body is so ready, Sherlock. You’re pulsing around it, trying to pull me in. Fuck. God. I'm smearing a drop of pre-come against you now, swirling it in little circles. Can you feel that? So good. I'm going to push in now. Ohhh, God, yes. That's just the head, and you've swallowed it up and it's gorgeous, the way you stretch around me. Fuck.”
Sherlock spreads his wings out on either side of him, stabilizing himself, and cranes his head back to look at John, who stands off to the side, with his bill open and his tongue peeking out. Sherlock blinks at him and raises an eyebrow, and John shudders and moves to his side.
“Obviously,” John mutters to himself as Sherlock scoops Rosie up and wipes her tears.
“I … oh … yes …”
“Right. Good plan. That place where we met you today?”
Later, when Sherlock has stopped convulsing against John's belly, when he's stopped crying puddles into John's shoulder, he wraps his fingers around John's left wrist and kisses his ring finger, all of his fingers, his knuckles and his palm, and he says, "John. I won't call you Captain Cock in public anymore."
in which the Council recognizes individual accomplishments, announces changes in the structure of the Council, and reveals the nature of the closed sessions they’ve had since Sherlock, and then Mycroft, returned from the Shelf.
John sniffed and rubbed at his nose. He read the curator’s statement and shook his head. “I’m sorry, but that looks nothing like a Polish dancer, a Dominican priest, or a ship rocking on the sea.”
Mrs. Watson stayed where she was, between the stove and the table, and looked down at the floor. Her fingers were trembling, just a little bit, and Sherlock had an urge to get the spatula she’d left on the counter, and press it into her palm, so she’d have something to do other than shake.
Janine’s eyes grow wide and her voice slips to a whisper as she approaches the climax of the legend, and in front of her, hundreds of grey and black fluffballs fall over each other in an effort to grasp each and every word.
John took his time undoing Sherlock’s layers, kissing under his ear and down his neck as the robe slid to the floor, then his chest and shoulders and belly as the long-sleeve top and tank top came off. He stroked the cords of muscle running down Sherlock’s back and kissed his pecs and nipples and sternum. He only stopped when Sherlock moved to strip off John’s T-shirt and tug him back onto the bed, and then Sherlock laid John out against the pillows and returned all those kisses, all those caresses. Chest to chest, legs intertwined, they explored, unhurried and content. When Sherlock’s lips felt tender and pink and his fingertips were hot from John’s skin under them, he let John roll him onto his back and reach for and remove the white silk pyjama bottoms and boxers. He let John sit back between his spread thighs, his canted knees, and touch the arches of his feet, his calves, his inner thighs.
Sherlock fished around in his pocket for some money and hoped that what he pushed across the counter was sufficient. He was still having a hard time rotating his eyeballs away from barista-John.
Sherlock pointed his tongue and circled the perimeter, close, but not close enough. John made an appreciative humming sound. Sherlock licked up either side,
and you move and move and move and move and there are people behind us in the queue now but still you don't stop
What made Sherlock’s mouth drop open was not how well John knew his measurements, but John’s choice of print. Most of Sherlock’s shirts were solid, conservative colors. His wardrobe consisted of navy and light blue, white, the occasional gray, the odd stripe. This shirt, however, this shirt …
John stopped where he was but began to rock up and down, fucking himself on the half of Sherlock's cock he had taken.
, and about Pōrangi going mad.
Mrs Hudson beaming knowingly at him. “Oh, Sherlock, that’s wonderful. Have you found a study group, or perhaps a new friend?”
“No. Were you?”
, and so that’s all he felt obligated to say.
“I mean, I know I’d like to receive it, but I’d very much like to try doing it to you, too. It seems to me that two men have a distinct advantage when it comes to oral sex because they can do to each other the things they know they like. Does that makes sense?”
“I kind of think if someone wrote a book about me, I’d read it,” John said, pulling Sherlock’s cup back toward himself.
Sherlock took his time, stopping several times to make sure the lights were evenly distributed across the branches, then twisting and winding the wide, velvet ribbon into place before he let John start hanging the colored balls. Sherlock stood back and supervised the process, stepping forward once in a while to move an ornament up or down a couple inches, or to swap one color out for another.
John dropped to his knees and put his thumbs on either side of Sherlock’s perineum, and caressed small circles into the smooth flesh. With each outward swipe, Sherlock felt his skin stretch. He was sure he knew what was coming next, and so was caught off guard by the soft slap to his left cheek.
“Yeah?”
Sherlock noticed that John’s face was a lovely shade of aroused.
John’s mouth was open when it pressed against Sherlock’s, the tip of his tongue teasing forward. Sherlock met him there, in the middle, neither of them breathing, barely touching, tongues taking tiny swipes at each other. John surged forward and pushed his tongue further into Sherlock’s mouth, then pulled it back. He slotted his lips between Sherlock’s and tugged on his lower lip. He released it, and sat back, panting.
“You saved us, too, Sherlo-Kimi. You would’ve beaten up that mean old skua if she’d tried to get us, you’d have beaten her up and thrown her out to the seals.” Ariki’s bravery grows now that the threat is over. “But she can’t hurt us now. She’s
“About two months ago. I was going to end it anyway, because I found out he’d been screwing everything that moved, behind my back. He dumped me first, though, because I wasn’t being
John tossed his duffel bag onto one of the armchairs near the window and started inspecting everything. He opened and closed drawers, pulled the shower curtain back, ran the faucet in the sink, played with the TV remote control, and poked and prodded at the fairly ubiquitous amenities of the room. When he was done with that, he stood at the window and peered up and down the quiet streetscape three floors below.
“Wait,” John said, pushing back a bit so he could look down at Sherlock. “Wait just a second. You read those files?”
“Interesting,” Sherlock mused. “It would’ve been a magnificent view.” He loved John’s knowledge of the area and the obvious pride he took in his ancestral lands. He made a mental note to pull out some of the books he’d seen on John’s shelves about Scotland’s ancient peoples and customs. John was his people now, and by extension, so were John’s ancestors. He needed to know more.
“Did you know that Australia has imported twenty-three species of dung beetles to help remove an overabundance of cattle dung?” Sherlock tucked his feet between John’s thighs.
John blew out a breath and ran his hand through his hair. “God, that would be fantastic.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Erebus looks at John for a long moment before answering. "Indeed. But did you know, that along with those who believe that Kororā was right to choose with her heart, there have always been others who believe that Apo was right?
“Say it.”
. You know what? I have a better idea."
“Will you join them at summer's end?”
“I hate this.”
“Sherlock.”
They dressed in silence, moving around each other to gather and repack what they’d arrived with. They had hours, but it was better to get this part over with, now. Better not to pretend, with their laundry and toiletries and electronics scattered all over the place, that their shared domesticity was still happening.
Their hair was wet and plastered to their skulls, and their bathing suits clung to skinny thighs over knobby knees. Their feet looked huge, like puppy paws that tell you just how big that dog is going to get. Sherlock could see his ribs in the photo, and his collar bones. His nipples were two dusky dots on his scrawny, flat chest.
“She’ll be along shortly, young ones, do not fear. She is presently attending to a different matter, but should be done momentarily.”
“Yeah? Why’s that?”
“We are so lucky, Sherlock. So lucky.”
THE SEAGULL: Er, listen, I meant no harm when I was talking about flying, okay? Not being able to fly is perfectly fine of course, I often say that. Now excuse me, I have, er, seagull stuff to do. Have a great day. (She begins to fly away then reconsiders and exits on foot.)
“Sherlock, no one is at the crèche yet, not even Hudi. It would just be the two of us, standing by ourselves, looking like penggits,” John says the third time.
“Of course. You're telling truths, significant ones, and the way you're doing it is impressive.”
John closed his eyes and breathed in the scent of Sherlock's affection, giving up on distraction. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock, and smoothed his hands up and down his back, pressing his fingertips into the spaces between vertebrae, tracing the curves of shoulder blades, kneading the swells of muscle.
There were many photos of the two of them eating; photos of them having meals with their families in each other's homes, licking popsicles on picnics, chomping on watermelon at the quarry, having snacks on their front porches, gulping Green River in barns, licking ice cream while sitting on tractors, and as they got older, eating out at restaurants.
“Well-travelled.”
“He did, did he?”
“Wedding garments?”
John locked their fingers together and walked backwards toward the bed. His legs bumped the mattress, and he started to lower himself, then bolted back up and tugged free of Sherlock's hands.
“And put you in the hands of bored housewives looking for some action? I don’t think so. You can be my cabana boy.”
attacker.
“I got pistachio glazed, not lemon pistachio,” John said.
He scanned the list as John rummaged through the box. They were going to need two of everything because they both liked the same things. Except for magenta; that was just for Sherlock. And he supposed they wouldn’t have all the exact same placements. Sherlock would put the navy blue in his right pocket, and John would put it in his left. Well, until Sherlock’s birthday, anyway.
I did, anyway.”
to answer a call
Next to him, John took a step forward. “Mr. Bilby—”
“Do you want to find out? Mycroft could probably tell us in less than five minutes.”
“Yeah, you are. Totally adorable. Come on,” John said, pulling off his towel and swatting Sherlock with it. “Let’s get dressed and go get all the hankies.”
When he was done he had twelve trash bags for garbage collection, six for donation, no more plastic trash bags, and a sore back. He felt light, though, as if he'd pulled all of that stuff off of his own shoulders, and was free of weight he hadn't even known he'd been carrying.
“True.”
, John! You are a natural with your egg! You might relax a bit, though. It cannot roll away.”
John stands and shushes him, and the room goes silent as Sherlock's keening dwindles to hushed begging. “Oh god John
“I leave the bees to your Papa, love. My book is about detective stories, but I haven't worked on it in quite a while. Did you know that a long time ago I kept a blog about all of the cases your Papa solved? This book was going to be a collection of those, but within a broader context.”
“Hold that thought. I don't think I can handle being turned on around my parents.” He put the truck in gear and they drove out from behind the barn, and onto the road.
Angelo brings wine and a candle and bread, and fusses over them both, and John leans back and squints at Sherlock and purses his lips and tries to deduce what the lovely git is up to. Sherlock pretends to study the menu at great length, then orders the exact same thing he always orders. John stares at him and taps his fingers on the table, and Sherlock plays with the wax dripping down the side of the candle.
“I’m not
Mrs. Watson stared.
“Are you two even listening to me?”
Sherlock wiggled his toes. “Because of those dung beetles, John, Australia has seen a 90 percent deduction in the pestilent bush fly.”
Their stilted conversation continued until a server came to ask if they were ready to order, at which point they took respite in their previously-ignored menus. Sherlock pretended he was still considering his options long after he’d decided on the Slagel Cheddar Burger (Merktz cheese!), then clung to the menu like a shield after he’d placed his order. The waitress held her hand out and he registered the vague notion that he was supposed to do something.
“Black. Two sugars. Big.”
“You're looking rather rotund yourself, brother mine.”
Thank you again, happierstill, for reading/listening to this!!
“What if I can’t? What if James never leaves?” Sherlock whispered.
“Where are we?”
Sherlock nodded as if he had suspected as much.
“But then, John, where is she?”
"I'm sorry?"
“Oh. Sure. Yes. Okay, sure.”
“I was going to eat that.”
Sherlock looked down at the tiled floor, looked at the torn wrapper of someone’s protein bar.
drifting up to Sherlock’s ears.
Immutable.”
“Do I? And what’s that?”
, John of Hemi and Kaia. John, it is an honour to introduce you to my very good friend, Tui, of –”
John was still sitting on the side of the bed, pinching the bridge of his nose, eyes closed. Sherlock kissed the top of his head, then began unpacking John’s bag. He took out each item, organizing everything into piles on the bed, and then began putting it all away. He shook out John’s shirts, and hung them on hangers next to his own shirts, and he put John’s socks and T-shirts and underwear into the drawer his were in, side by side. He put a stack of John’s jeans in an empty drawer, and then lined up a pair of John’s Nikes next to his in the closet. He looked at them, side by side like that. John’s were smaller, but wider, more scuffed, well worn. John ran and jumped into everything he did, Sherlock mused. He rolled the laces around his finger, and tucked them inside.
, Sherlock, not at all. I knew enough to know that I must help you succeed. Consider it from my point of view, yes? Imagine. All around you, pengs, pengs, pengs. All the same. Except for this beautiful creature, of course,” she says, nodding toward Anahera and her unmitigated whiteness.
✓ refill 1st aid safety kit
“Fly!”
"Oh god, I am. I'm sorry. You're offended."
The colony is invigorated under the clear and brilliant sky. The adults renew their efforts toward hunting and plan for life on the open seas, while the chicks turn themselves into juveniles. There is more opportunity for exploration now, and a later curfew. The chicks spend hours propelling themselves, belly-side down, all over the island, play-racing and imitating the adults in their more acrobatic manoeuvres.
“Yeah. Sherlock, is it? I'm not sure how you're even standing, what with your knickers in such a twist, but if you're so appalled by my foam production capabilities, why don't you stay after closing and give me a personal lesson?”
to the council?”
“Magenta,” Greg answered.
“Oh, God, yes.”
“Perfect. That’ll be great. Okay, I’m gonna go. You staying in tonight?”
Sherlock has taken John into his mouth just enough so that the broadest part of his tongue can wrap around the sensitive area right below the head. He wraps his tongue around that spot, and he pulses. It’s a fluttering, a palpitation, and nothing more. It’s tight lips and a quivering tongue in exactly the right spot, and John doesn’t understand how this could possibly be enough to make him come, but he’s going to.
As it was, Annette was putting away her supplies when Sherlock found her.
“We're all going into town for an ice cream lunch, Granddad.”
Sherlock lowers himself more, the point of his tongue resting in the sharp dip of his upper lip, and John watches, amused, as he lays his cheek flat on John's hip, his nose a hair's breadth from John's cock, and inhales dramatically.
Nothing. He had nothing to go on. On the other hand, no one else looking into the threat on James’ life seemed to have anything to go on, either.
“What has he told you?”
He and John have spent the entire morning trying to come up with the right word for that look.
___ Analingus
Sherlock bends down as low as he can, curving his neck and twisting his head to meet John’s gaze. “Okay, I’m here. What?”
, or, well, they say you’re a hero, that you killed a giant skua who wanted to eat them, and you skipped stones at it and it was like a bolt of lightning, you were so fast and you knocked it right out of the sky. So they think I should learn how to kill skua, too."
Music playing, heater blasting, John had inched his hand up Sherlock’s leg, stroked down, stroked up. Sherlock had crossed his arm under John’s, and laid his hand on John's knee. While John stroked, Sherlock drew circles, and when John squeezed up high, Sherlock massaged up the inside of John’s inner thigh. Within a minute of mutual adoration, they had progressed to full crotch groping, and Sherlock was sucking on John's earlobe.
“A bit. But I don't want to stop touching you, or being touched by you.”
When his husband's breathing becomes shallow and erratic, John pulls off, drags himself up the length of Sherlock's body, and plants a wet, open-mouthed kiss below his ear. “Sherlock,” he whispers, “I would really love to be inside you right now.”
“I think you’re marvellous. Thank you so much for doing this for us.”
Never, not one time, ever, did Sherlock suck John off and not think of that hot day a year and a half ago, eating lunch in the bleachers with John, when he’d looked over at his best friend’s muscular thighs in his tight Levi’s, and wondered what those thighs would look like with Sherlock’s head bobbing between them. Each and every time, Sherlock thanked his lucky stars that he’d been given the opportunity to find out, again and again.
John sighs and rubs a hand over his face. “No, not really. You know I get jealous from time to time, but I know what we are to each other. You really are so good to me, aren't you?”
Anahera says we all do."
“We’re going to do some recognisance in town, actually.” Sherlock carried his empty plate and mug to the sink and turned on the tap.
John snuggled in tighter. “Good, actually. Quiet, but not so snappy, you know? She’s not making those passive-aggressive comments about me being gone every night. She’s saying thank you for all the help I’m giving dad. And she invited you over for supper.”
He didn't question her decision to switch brands of feed for the Plymouth laying hens, and he didn't bat an eye when she said she was considering opening a petting zoo for the holidays. He just about succeeded in not wincing when she went on for five minutes describing in great detail what the pastor’s wife had worn to their fifth daughter’s wedding.
As soon as the door closes behind them they are tugging, pulling, pushing toward the stairs while trying to undress each other. John pulls Sherlock's shirt out of his trousers as Sherlock undoes his own belt and flies, and with that done he grabs John's face between his hands and kisses him, hard. John blindly fumbles with the buttons of Sherlock's shirt, kissing back, until he finds himself backed up against the bannister, his hands running up Sherlock's sides, his legs bracketed by Sherlock's longer ones.
Sherlock lets John nudge him forward and to the edge of the crowd. They are close to a huddle of chicks, most of whom look dozy and stupefied with bellies full of fish, and the late time of evening.
“Sherlock, John. With my blessing, Erebus has shared his story with you. If he left out certain details, it is either because he thought them irrelevant, or because I asked him to. It is time you knew that story in its entirety.
“You’ve been teasing me, driving me nuts, all day long. Now it’s my turn. The second we’re alone, the second that door shuts behind us, you are mine. I’m going to take you apart, John Watson, piece by piece, breath by breath, until you are begging me, until you are crying for it, do you understand? You’re going to be so fucking hard, John Watson, you won’t be able to see, won’t be able to talk. All you’ll know is my mouth on you, my fingers in you, my tongue, teasing you, holding you, until there is nothing left in the world but you, me, my dick, and your ass. Are we clear?”
John ran his thumbs over Sherlock’s hips and rested his forehead on his shoulder. His voice was muffled, but Sherlock heard him clearly enough. “Yeah, maybe it’s in part because of today, but that’s because I want it to be a different day for you. I want you to have better memories. I mean, you can’t erase the ones you have, but you can add new ones. And if I can take care of you at the same time, it’s kind of win-win.”
“Where are you?”
John grins and leans back against Sherlock's chest, tilts his head up and says, “Yeah, I don't think that's exactly how it happened.” He doesn't have to see Sherlock's face to see him mentally squirming under the new focus of his five-year-old granddaughter's inquisition.
“No. Actually, we can walk there. It’s about fifteen minutes away. Ready?”
John stepped even closer. He had to raise his head to meet Sherlock's eye, but somehow Sherlock felt very small.
There was a brief pause. “Sherlock?”
“Ah. Okay, then.”
nibble
Sherlock nudged him with his shoulder.
“John, it's my birthday, give me a proper birthday kiss.”
When the room was ready, he opened the door and waved the boxes in. They were quickly sorted onto the shelves created to hold them. Sherlock crossed the room and opened the box of photos, pulled out one, and placed it in the middle of the otherwise empty showcase. He closed the glass top and blew a speck of dust off it, then stepped back to make sure that the photo was perfectly positioned in the middle. It was. His first kiss. His and John’s first kiss, everything saturated in warm tones of gold and pink for John, and ivory and ebony for Sherlock. He tapped the glass over the photo, turned on his heel, and left the room. He closed the door behind him.
John started giggling and repeated the phrase, saying, “No, I insist, it’s your flat, after you, Mr Holmes.”
Sherlock stood and stared, poleaxed. “You made yourself lose? Why would you do that?”
“A photograph of the three of us that we can bring to the Queen's birthday party.”
“Quite well, indeed, thank you for asking. Can I be of some assistance?”
“Peppermint? I like it.”
. I have a whole library of happy places to go, and as you can imagine, a lot of them are completely imaginary.
"I understand." Gratitude and humility wash over Sherlock. All this time, he thinks to himself, all this time Sherlock had assumed Mycroft did not want these most common elements of peng life when in actuality Mycroft had abstained in order to dedicate his life to Sherlock.
“Help me take this off.”
“That's exactly how it happened, isn't it, John?”
"I thought you might say that."
Sherlock kissed him, kissed his upper lip, his lower lip, his eyelids and cheeks and temples. “I’m going to let go, and I want you to turn over and get on your hands and knees.”
John held him as he shook apart, and kissed his eyelids and cheeks as he came back to himself. Sherlock opened his eyes, and smiled, lazy and drunk on his orgasm. He laughed, and kissed John, soft and slow, until John’s kisses grew desperate.
“Be that as it may, you involved a young woman in your shenanigans, had her break into a hotel room, then failed to notice that she was trailing your suspect and placing herself in an extremely dangerous situation. What would you have done had she —”
"Sir, with all due respect, nothing happens. What percentage of the colony would actually stop reproducing? We already have pengs among us who have chosen not to reproduce, and the colony seems to be just fine.
“I am told it was received the way it was presented, brother mine, and you will be happy to know that Lestra did an excellent job. Both Pavo and Vela say he practiced his speech the entire way to the Shelf, and he spoke eloquently about interpretation, free will, and the power of the unknown."
Erebus looks out over the water. His gaze rests on the horizon, but Sherlock knows that if he turns to look, he’ll find only the sea, stars, and sky. What else does Erebus see there?
Sherlock punched his pillows into shape before slipping into the narrow bed. The sheets felt cool on his shower-warmed skin, and gave off the dry-sweet tang of laundry lines and linen closets. The quilt was thin and patched in spots, stained where he’d spilled things over the years. Yoohoo, Coca-Cola, Pabst. The quilt smelled like his life here.
John turned into the vacant parking lot, circled around so they were facing the way they came in, and cut the lights.
call and have chicks of her own. She will be all these things, but she will never be ‘just Erebel.’ She will always be extraordinary, a miracle, a presence capable of taking his breath away, simply by virtue of being his
“I love you, Sherlock. Always have done.”
“When he found out I was from Pobeda, he talked about a social revolution, and it caught me very much off-guard. I had never thought of what you and Selvic went through as the start of a social revolution, but it was, wasn't it? And he knew as much about it as anyone, maybe even more, because Selvic was there. Selvic was with the Anahi, and they came to know everything, didn’t they? About you and Selvic?”
“Mmm. A little bit.”
"Yes,
John's responses are nothing more than quick glances and huffs, so Sherlock turns sulky and tries to investigate his own body for signs of maturity. He has yet to start his moult, which means there isn't much to see. He supposes he should accept his fate as the only emperor in history to never develop beyond that of a stupid chick. He will be forever puffy.
Rosie loves 221b. She squeals whenever they arrive, and she cries whenever they leave. She clings to Sherlock’s leg when he’s standing, and to his neck when he’s sitting, and she pats his curls and his cheeks and says, “Shuh-la, Shuh-la.” She shares her lovey with him, a tattered and grimy bumblebee with one wing missing. Sherlock holds it and makes it fly and says, “Bum-ble-bee, bum-ble-bee,” and Rosie stares at him with huge eyes and says, “Buh-buh-bee, buh-buh-bee.”
Sherlock shivered with arousal, anticipation flooding through him. He reached up and wrapped his hand around the nape of John’s neck, pulled John down as he lifted up, meeting John half-way in an open-mouthed kiss. There was a flurry of wriggling out of underwear and pulling John’s shirt off, then John was on top of him, pressing down, covering him.
Chapter 5: Monday, December 21, morning
John kissed Sherlock’s lower lip, then licked his own. “Never know. If anyone could inflict death-by-orgasm, it’d be you. Only on me, though. I can’t have you sharing your aggressive-orgasm-ways with anyone else.”
“It’s amazing. Keep going.”
“Serves you right, gorgeous.” John winked at him, retrieved his clothes from the floor, and headed to the bathroom.
Sherlock held on to John’s shoulders as John reached down with one hand, took Sherlock in hand, stroked. John watched Sherlock’s face as he worked him, watched his eyelids fall heavy, his tongue dart out to wet his lips, his expression slip from eager to heady to desperate.
“No. Forget it. Budge up.”
“Um, no. There's more.”
“No. Is that bad? I know they want to spend more time with me, but this trip home has always been about seeing you. I feel like, I dunno, like they’re the backdrop or something. God, that sounds awful. Especially since yours, you know.”
“I feel like I do. See, for you, arranged marriage dating is something that you have to do. You haven’t wanted to do it, and your parents have pressured you, and now the Crown is going to make you do it. You’ve done it with reluctance. I suspected that you were only dating me, and I’ve been truly honoured by that.
“I thought someone said that Greg was into uniforms. Never mind.”
“Does our hotel room have a bed in it?”
Cetus fidgets, and Sherlock realizes that he’s trying not to laugh.
There are dimpled divots on the sides of Sherlock's buttocks, a delicious curve at the lowest point of his back. A tall drink of water, that's what John's grandmother would have called someone who looked like that. John is thirsty.
John had come home and found Harry even worse off than she’d been when he left. He couldn’t move her into his small army bedsit, but he could check her into rehabilitation, and so despite her arguments and resentment she eventually agreed and allowed herself to be admitted. Sherlock wanted to believe that he’d be as selfless as John when it came to caring for a sibling in such distress, but he couldn’t imagine Mycroft ever asking for help, let alone needing it. Mycroft had always been in control and in charge of those around him, whether they wanted him to be or not. Sherlock had been on the controlled end of things many times and would prefer to never be there again.
“But Sherlock, won’t we have a better chance of finding the heartstone if we have others helping us? What do you think Erebus or Mycroft would do with it if they had it? Wouldn’t they want the same thing? To fulfil the promise?”
this is too sexy for my text to read app. it keeps crashing. which means this is damn good
“The High Council is on the Shelf, though, isn’t it?”
John heard the bees before he saw them, and shortly after he heard Sherlock. “Bees? You found bees for me? Hives? Oh. Oh, John.”
“Then enough it shall be. Thank you for, as you put it, a most exceptional evening. And be sure, Sherlock, you’ll be hearing from me again very soon.”
Reaches out, traces a fingertip down the other’s back, bumping over vertebrae under the duvet, bumping back up.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No. Never. But it was a very important night for me. It was the first time I ever saw you, John.”
, Sherlock thinks to himself.
“His ego is even bigger than I thought, so I apologized profusely for punching him and said I’d been really drunk last night, and was trying to hook up with my date. I tried to act like his odds of scoring were high, but didn’t want to come right out and say that.
to be missing, lost, to be hidden, out of sight, covered, disappeared, absent, secretly, hidden, undetected, unnoticed
“Are you okay?”
“Yeah. That's true. Maybe since I was three, even.” John was talking to Kevin, but hadn’t taken his eyes off Sherlock.
✓ pay Angelo agreed upon sum for candles and wine
John smiles and raises an eyebrow, then takes another step toward the threshold and holds up a bottle of Veuve Clicquot. “I can't see it if you don't let me in, love, but if it's from you I'm pretty sure it's perfect.”
John’s hips bucked as Sherlock rolled the extra skin down, revealing the deeply flared ridge around John’s cockhead, exposing the smooth skin of his frenulum. Sherlock slid the skin up and down, uncovering more and more of John with each pass.
“No, dad, I mean –”
Greg tipped a bottle of beer in their direction and took a swig. “Quiet night. No trouble, so a good night.”
Thank you KarlyAnne.
“I’d never be able to pay for it, even if I did get in.”
The trick to thought-challenging is to turn these statements around into something more balanced. We do this by flipping our two statements, erasing the "but" and adding an "and".
Tui waddles over, stretching, and rests her head on Anahera’s shoulder. When neither Sherlock nor Anahera acknowledge her, she stirs and looks between them, then down to where they are both staring.
Mycroft gives Anahera a side glance, and swallows. “Sherlock, look at yourself. You’re dry. You weren’t in a storm. You’ve been here with us.”
“Why are you whispering?” Sherlock whispers back.
Over texts and late night phone calls, dinners and walks and chats at the occasional crime scene, Sherlock pieced together a fairly comprehensive picture of John as a child, teenager, and young adult. From what he could tell, it had been a near idyllic childhood up until a point. John spoke of a stable upbringing in a modest home in a suburb of London and summers spent at his grandparents’ ranch in Perthshire. He had wonderful memories, rich memories of those times spent with his grandparents, and even a few of his great-grandparents, who had lived with his father’s parents until passing away around the time John turned ten.
John collapsed to the side of him, laid his head on the pillow next to Sherlock, and slowly removed his left hand from between Sherlock’s legs. He ran the right through Sherlock’s hair, curls slick with sweat. He pushed it out of his eyes, off his face, tucked it behind his ears.
Sherlock had read Mary's note, then silently handed it back to John, and gone out to the bees. Now, John puts the small handwritten card back in the pile of papers on his lap and looks over at Sherlock, leaning back in his chair, intently reading the manuscript. His posture is casual, but the horizontal lines across the bridge of his nose speak to his focus on John's telling of their story.
. John. Paris. Honeymoon.
“Sherlock. God. Oh, yes.”
“What? Oh! Oh, no, no. I'd say she's well over me at this point.”
“Alright. Take it easy there. Do you want your brownie?”
Molly winced.
Sherlock talks and talks at the Council sessions, stopping when an elder has a question, or requests clarification about something he has said. He has retold his tales several times now, to the High Council and Anahera and Tui on the Shelf, and to John when he returned, and he finds it easier and easier to know what is important, what is not, what can be told with a quick summation, what requires detailed explanation. It spills out of him, flowing with a rhythm and pace that lends his words credence and respect.
“That's too bad. I saw everything here. I saw the calling, and the pairing off, and the mating, too.”
Sherlock grabbed the tray off the table and carried it to the trash, delighted with himself for making John laugh so much. When he turned around he caught John undeniably checking out his ass. Fine. One more store, for John.
Sherlock chuckled. “I’m glad you’re impressed with yourself and your handiwork, John.”
and then immediately let the tip of your tongue move in humble entreaty toward the inner passage of his mouth
“Sherlock, I’m sorry.”
“Maybe you need to let yourself think about them, again. It hurts, I get that. But maybe it hurts even more to pretend you don't still need them, even just in your memories?”
"Hey, no, it's all right. And I know it wasn't the last time you drugged me, so don't worry about that, either. I trust you. Lord knows why, but I do."
“Such as?” Sherlock asked.
Plus, nothing was going to be open on New Year’s Day, and Greg really did need the help. After running back to the hotel to change clothes and pack an overnight bag, Sherlock and John met Greg and Kevin at Greg’s place, a small and dark walk up on the fourth floor of a courtyard building on Brompton and Broadway. The four of them spent the better part of Friday afternoon packing Greg’s belongings into an assortment of boxes, bags, and crates.
“I won't have her be rude to you. She can say whatever she wants to me, but not to you.”
“I see.” Annette grinned and tugged her jacket on.
“I'm alone, and I'm thinking about you. Of course I have my hands down my pants. Take your jeans off. Leave the purple sweater on.”
Sherlock’s hips bucked up and his glutes contracted. Neck arched, words gone, he came, hard, all over his hand and stomach.
"Of course," she continues, losing herself a bit now in her reflections, "the process must be repeated several times to ensure that the, um, male gift has actually, well, made it inside the female, but if both birds are cooperating and take their time, it really shouldn't hurt in the slightest."
“Hmm?”
“Excuse me?”
“I have read about this, you know.”
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
the time, wanted to touch you, smell you, wanted all that rough housing to be something else, but I didn’t think you –"
John’s shoulder jerked under Sherlock's hand as he began to work his cock in short, fast pumps. Sherlock pressed his thumb into the back of John's neck and looked down between them. It was overwhelming, the visual of John's parted cheeks, his stretched hole, his hard thighs shaking.
“John?”
Sherlock raced downstairs. There, at the foot of the stairs, was James’ duffel bag. He pushed into the kitchen, found it empty, and continued to the library. John and James were seated on either side of the fireplace sharing a pot of tea and a tray of sandwiches.
For the longest time, he'd been made fun of for being too thin and lanky, for his too curly hair, his paper-pale skin, squinty eyes and angular face. His peers at school had never stopped letting him know that he was awkward, gangly, the ugly duckling in the crowd. Was it possible he'd fulfilled that particular story arc and become something of a swan?
Mycroft is patient when Sherlock calculates, and recalculates, where John might be at any given time. He reconfigures the variables over and over again, taking into consideration how many swimming packs may have arrived to Cassiopeia, how many might yet arrive, the number and ages of potentially injured birds, the nature of their injuries, their required healing times, the day upon which the last pack may have taken to the sea. All of this produces a final probability of John’s location, which is then combined with their own travelling data, to culminate in the ultimate answer: Reunion. It consumes him.
peeking out, too.”
about to burst out of his mouth, so Sherlock did the only thing he could do.
“Thank you, John.”
The race through finals and graduation had helped keep his riotous feelings at bay. Afterwards, they’d found themselves staring down twelve weeks of summer break. Chores were easy enough to get out of the way before noon, and then, while the corn grew and the sun burned up everything else, they’d meet, maybe listen to music, or hang out in the QuikMart parking lot, or head to the quarry off Black Bridge Road.
“No, it’s not really on my agenda, either,” Sherlock answered, moving the app’s map to a different neighborhood. “It’s kind of early to eat, but we could head up to Andersonville and walk around a bit, then grab some food, and head back to the hotel until later tonight.”
Sherlock nibbled and licked and sucked while John writhed, then he abandoned John’s nipples for a bigger prize, and slid lower. He explored John’s ribs and belly and hips as he went, until he reached John's pelvis, and then John’s fingers went tight in Sherlock's damp hair, holding him in place.
This chapter is about twice as long as the usual ones, but it's THE WEDDING!
John closed his eyes, and his lips brushed against Sherlock’s, and Sherlock closed his eyes, and he stayed perfectly still, and willed John’s lips to come back. They did.
“You're freezing.”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around his chest and stared ahead. Next to him, John scooted forward, probably about to hop off the car and run for the hills.
, may I approach?”
romantic.”
Mycroft stood up and began to move out from behind the table, but Sherlock feared that would result in a hug, so he stuck his hand out into the space between them and watched as Mycroft hesitated, then took his hand and shook it. Sherlock met Mycroft’s eye but couldn’t hold it. He looked over to John and watched as John thrust his own hand out to shake.
Sherlock had crawled over to where they sat and pulled himself up to standing by clutching the sensible hem of the doctor's practical skirt. He banged his little palm on her thigh until she looked down and smiled and said, “Hello, Sherlock. What do you think about this idea of a bedtime routine?”
"You left the investigation of the third victim in a serial tar-and-feathering case to come home to me?"
“No, it’s not. This will take two seconds.”
Sherlock’s chest puffs out with pride. John is
The bartender went up on his toes to see over Sherlock’s shoulder, and gave him a thumbs up. Sherlock watched him open beer bottles and mix drinks. It all looked a bit like chemistry, he thought. Right now he was pretty sure he liked mixology more than chemistry.
“Erebus, Mycroft, I owe you my most sincere gratitude for all you have done in my absence, and for all that you are about to do. Erebus, fetch Pavo and Vela. Mycroft, fetch Cetus and Hudi.
Sherlock went back to stroking John’s knuckles and fingers, and felt John roll onto his side and move closer.
John held the book a little higher and smiled into the margins.
John threw his head back and howled with laughter, but reached across the table for Sherlock’s hand when he saw the look on Sherlock’s face. “No, stop, I’m not making fun of you, babe, I’m really not. And I won’t even have the french fry, will I? There will be no dipping, see? I’ll have to do without. I’ll be abstinent of all potato products and their condiments.”
John is just slipping his wet, flaccid cock back into his pants and trousers when Lestrade slams the storage room door open and screams, "FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS HOLY, WHAT THE FUCK TOOK THE TWO OF YOU SO LONG?"
"Did I say all of that to you about him?"
Sherlock helped himself to more chicken and held the plate out to James. “Not if that person were in the boot.”
___ Adventure and Exploration: 101 (pg 1)
“I have so looked forward –”
“I do not appear to have the ability to stay mad at you for long, penggit. It’s one of your many charms, and one of my weaknesses.”
“I have something for you, too, but it’s in our rooms if you're okay with waiting?”
Sherlock rolled closer and held the phone out so they could both see. John sighed and shook his head. “You are such a child. How many of these butt shots do you have?”
By the time the Cultural Center closed at 7:00 pm they were both thoroughly drained of any and all interest in seeing more sites. They hopped on a #147 bus to Andersonville and used the forty-five-minute ride to flick through their guidebooks and the entertainment section of
FOR THE LOVE OF perhaps it had not occurred to me he would be able to fit both in his MOUTH concurrently OH OH OH but he certainly can there is no denying the evidence
, and there are all sorts of regional terms.
Anahera and
“I don’t think so.” Sherlock pressed his hips to John’s as if John was about to start designing lightning bolts in his pubic hair right that second.
Sherlock heads in the direction of John's family, sighing as he goes. "Boring. It's going to be all about the fledge, the crèche, courtship, all of that. We're ages from that anyway, so it seems quite untimely to review it now."
“Those are my feet, John. What is going on with you?”
The pizza box and remains of their lunch had already been tossed off the side of the bed, and Sherlock had watched most of the movie curled on his side with his head in John's lap, nursing a deep dish pizza stomachache. John had been working his fingers through Sherlock's hair, raking it against the grain, then back, until Sherlock was a dozy heap of melted goo under his boyfriend’s hands.
“Don’t mind if I do, Sherlock. Thanks very much.”
The voices get louder as they sneak closer. Backs to the berg, they halt just before the curve of the ice would give them away. Sherlock cups his wingtips to his aural patches, and leans in as far as he dares. The wind cooperates only every few words.
In his own room he packed bags with old school lessons and projects, class notes he knew he'd never look at again, paper mâché volcanoes, a broken microscope, half empty hair products he hadn't used in years. He sorted clothes he'd outgrown into bags for donation, and then filled one with shoes, and another with old satchels and backpacks.
"You okay? You look a bit off."
“Actually,” Sherlock said, and John’s heart leapt, kicking hard against his ribs.
Sherlock has previously spotted a promising looking place called Bow Truss Coffee Roasters a couple blocks from their hotel, so they wandered back down Halsted, continued onto Clark, and then cut over to Broadway. They pushed inside, out of the cold, and were enveloped in the warm, caramel scent of roasting coffee beans. It was a sparse, industrial looking place with an unfinished ceiling, exposed bricks, beams and pipes, and repurposed wood tables and benches. The few customers there looked like they’d been there for a while, and were reading, chatting on their phones, or playing Ms Pacman on an arcade monitor that was doubling as a table top.
“That made you hard?” John had inched closer to Sherlock on their bench and lowered his voice so the people around them couldn’t hear.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nothing can distract me, Mrs. Hudson.”
“Stop it. You’re obsessing about this, I can tell. We’re going to go out and have fun. It’s the first Saturday night of the year, we’re in Chicago, we’ve made a couple of friends, and we’re going to have a few drinks and dance and come back here and then I’m going to have my wicked way with you. Again.”
“You can touch them. I’d like that.”
, “is that you’re afraid we’re on a wild peng chase, that the High Council won’t see us, this will never be resolved, and you’ll never see John again.”
John is crying now, fat tears rolling down his sleek cheeks, slipping over his smooth white chest, freezing to the ice at his feet. Sherlock moves in and pulls John’s head down to his shoulder and holds him close, then warbles a soft call of comfort, just like the ones Olive made to him when he was a hatchling.
"Really."
sweetheart
Anahe
“Whoa, hold up there. First of all, we can do a lot of this ourselves. Second of all, 2013 mould experiment?”
"You ... you ... can't ... just tell people ... that I thought ... oh holy fuck ... your mouth ... that you were having ... oh yeah, ohhhh yeaaahhhh ... sex with ... oh! yeah! ... your Thai masseur ... OH! SHERLOCK! Don't stop don't fucking stop just like that oh god oh yeah oh fuck yes yes yes ... OHHH!"
Mycroft raised his eyebrows and gave Sherlock a pointed look.
“I thought we were doing quotes,” John sighs as he grips Sherlock's hips and pulls him into place.
." The word is half-whisper, half-groan, low and rough. Sherlock feels it resonate in his chest and throat before it vibrates over his tongue.
Under Sherlock’s watchful eye, strangers' family closets were opened, affairs were aired, kleptomaniacs singled out, kinks uncovered, all for the benefit of John and his whispered 'incredible, unbelievable, fantastic.'
They sat in silence for a moment, each of them looking off in a different direction.
John shimmies his tale in recognition of the memory. “Oh, I remember. I remember seeing you and thinking that you were the only other peng paying attention. You looked so intelligent, as smart as you were
Sherlock opened his mouth, closed it, opened it again. He swallowed, licked his lips, took a breath.
Back at the hotel they each spent a few minutes checking their email and texts, sorting their purchases from earlier in the day, and pulling out clean clothes to wear that night. John stripped down to his underwear, and disappeared into the bathroom. Sherlock scrolled through the last of his texts, and started undressing.
“You try yours first.”
The moon is near-full, and the ice is bright in reflection. Sherlock dozes and wakes, dozes and wakes, and finally, he sees John approach the huddle from quite a distance. Anahera is not with him, but the significance of that does not breach his happiness until John is close enough for Sherlock to read his expression. Something is wrong.
“Fair enough. Now, infer yourself up the stairs. I don’t fancy standing in the hallway for the rest of the evening.”
“Fine, yes, Medical Innovations, too. Anything.”
, and to lose you would’ve killed me, and these clowns think they can just move right in and
“Sherlock’s argument is not without merit, sir.”
“Coffee’s probably cold now.”
“Then that's what you shall have.”
“When you seemed more settled, I tried to wake you again, both of you, but I could not. John, you were dreaming, too. Something about herring. Anyway, you would not wake up, but you started to talk again, this time about the moon and her brightness. As I could not wake you, I pressed the egg between you, thinking I would explain in the morning, and that is exactly what has transpired.”
“I cannot believe you did that. I’ve had a fucking boner for
“Fascinating.”
“Great,” John said, practically beaming up at him and not really caring anymore whether he was being too obvious or not. “That’s great. So I’ll see you tonight, then.”
“You are absolutely right, Kahu, John most definitely is a
The barista nodded back, and said, “What kind of espresso would you like in that?”
“Seriously?”
“Okay. I’ll try to restrain myself from ripping your pants off until she’s reasonably preoccupied.”
"Mm. Better weather than Minnesota, too."
Mrs. Hudson went on and on, and Sherlock mutilated the potatoes, and tried to keep one ear on the road. Eventually, Mrs. Hudson took a deep breath and a short break from the soap opera of ‘Steve and that tart Betty,’ who turned up pregnant at nineteen with Steve’s best friend’s baby, and that’s when Sherlock heard the unmistakable rumble of a Ford F-100 bouncing down a dirt road with a certain John Watson at the wheel.
“You gave me this shirt.”
Sherlock blinked again and did the calculation. Twenty-three days, or five-hundred fifty-two hours, or thirty-three-thousand one-hundred twenty seconds, give and take a few dozen seconds.
“We've talked about this, Sherlock. I am not adorable. I'm devastatingly handsome, an Adonis of our times, but I am not adorable.”
“Big?”
“I know you can hear me,” John growls under his breath, “and I know that as soon as you realize that I know that you’ve been gone all night, you will start talking, and as soon as you start talking, you will start spinning some ridiculous tale about unidentified flying supernovae, or some such rot, and as soon as you start up with that, I will tell you to shut up, so I’m just going to say it now. Shut up.”
“It means I hate that pengging piece of
Seriously, I must have been smoking something. I must have rolled up this fic and started smoking it.
“What?”
“Any suggestions?” John asked. “And are you going to eat that last cannoli?”
“Did you want to do that on your own? Have some time with just your family?”
“I’m ready, I’m ready John, I just don’t know what I need, I don’t know how—”
The next morning, John carried his cup of tea to the desk, sat down, and held the envelope in front of him. The pointy end of the letter opener had only just slid under the flap, meeting the sticky resistance of paper sealed to paper, when Sherlock flew into the room, ripped the still-virginal envelope out of John’s hand, and shouted, “Don’t!”
Below him, the huddle is waking up.
John sighs, and kisses Sherlock. “Someone we trust. Someone we like. Someone who is already bonded, so there could be no misunderstanding.”
, Sherlock thought,
This may be the easiest chapter I've ever posted, mostly because KarlyAnne and I worked our posteriors off most of July to make sure that this, and the next chapter, would be ready to go while I'm on holiday. Its a beautiful thing, this concept of
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“Stop. And open your eyes. You have nothing to hide from.”
The huddle is in a deep sleep when Sherlock and John return. Next to it is a smaller huddle, with Anahera’s sleek, white head at the centre of it. The entire Junior Council surrounds her, creating a shelter for Tui, who lies asleep on her seaweed bed. Sherlock and John nudge forward and add their warmth and protection to the cluster of sleeping pengs.
He couldn’t pinpoint the exact time the sniper would strike, though he had several theories to help guide him. He surmised that Daniel and his companion would carry out their plan while James and Daniel were together and in public, as this provided Daniel with an alibi and eliminated him from police inquiry. It also made sense that they would not make an attempt on James’ life during their first date, as Daniel would want to get to know James over the span of a few encounters. Finally, the attempt on James’ life would have to take place in a location that allowed the sniper to avoid notice and discreetly slip away. Though he could not predict the exact place and time, he was almost certain that the attack would happen on the third date and during dinner. Any longer than that increased the odds that the sniper would become identifiable to witnesses in Pitlochry, and any less time decreased the amount of time Daniel would have to get what he wanted from James before eliminating him.
“No need,” John answered. “We’ll run into town and hit the shops for the basics, and we’ll probably eat out quite a bit, too. Will you be able to join us for a couple of dinners?”
“I think it was the scent. We read books, and sang songs, and took baths, and all of that, too, but I think it was associating the lavender scent of the bear with sleep that did it for him. He always has had such a keen sense of smell. He could tell all sorts of things about people by picking up on scents that none of the rest of us could detect at all. Wouldn't wear clothes that had been washed in certain detergents, wouldn't eat food that smelled a certain way. But once he had associated NoNo with sleep, he slept.”
Thank you, KA, for the beta, commentary, and support. This chapter took me far longer than I was happy with, and I wasn't sure if I liked the way it came together, but KA gave it a thumbs up, so it must be okay.
“Rinse.”
With one glance Sherlock would know if the stack was growing or shrinking, because every Monday the courier would deliver more green folders, but he would also take some away with him. Sherlock had yet to figure out how to intercept the courier and give him all the folders, but he supposed it didn’t really matter. The green folders would keep coming. They’d keep coming until Sherlock picked one.
“Sherlock and I will be at your house tomorrow for Thanksgiving, but on Friday I'm driving downstate to spend the weekend with my niece and her family.”
“Even back then, Sherlock, I knew you were special, that I wanted to be near you. I looked up to you like crazy. Thought about you all the time. Even then.”
Sherlock was fascinated. John was always affectionate and tactile, but his behavior since this morning had been unprecedented. Even now, sitting in a booth across from Greg at Stan’s Donuts, so much of John was so firmly pressed against his side that Sherlock was having a hard time lifting his arm to drink his latte. He put his own donut down and picked his coffee up with his other hand.
It takes him two long weeks to find just one who is not an idiot. Sherlock recognizes him from the second council meeting, when Vela recounted the legend of Kororā and Pono. The other emperor chick is standing apart from his family, kicking stones and ice chips into the sea. He is trying to send the tiny missiles skipping across the water's surface as many times as he can, and has only fallen on his tail once in the time Sherlock has been watching.
“No, actually. John agrees that this makes the most sense.”
“John, are you listening to me at all?”
“You won't. Breathe. Relax. Breathe. Bear down. There you go.”
John blinks and flaps his left wing just a bit. "Right. So, does Mycroft have a mate?"
Imaginary John forces him to say, “Thank you,” too.
missing.”
“Go to sleep, John. I do reserve the right, however, to wake you up in the middle of the night, when I'm not in a food coma.”
Sherlock came off his knees a bit so he could lean down and apply more pressure to John’s shoulders. John grunted and sighed again. Sherlock took his time, concentrating on the major muscles in John’s upper back, stroking along the larger groups, then isolating the smaller ones, finding tendons and connective tissue as he went. He was thorough, wanting John to feel good, but also because it was fascinating to see John’s body in this way, to actively apply himself to all the places that made John who he was, to the muscles that flexed and moved and lifted and stretched, the structures underlying John’s skin, making him strong and warm and sexy, making him a man. Sherlock’s man.
“Like a – a pressure, inside, squeezing, and like – I don’t know, like I want to – I want to feel that more, but release it, too.”
"He'd surprise you, Mrs Hudson. I was just telling him he could have been a doctor, what with the way he took care of me just then when I was hurling into the toilet."
“Me, too. I quite like your genitals the way they are. How's the draft going?”
The Junior Council stands nearby, waving goodbye and calling last messages to their friends and families. Some may be reunited before the season’s end, others will wait until the migration, and some, although none acknowledge it, may never see each other again.
Tui trills and shuffles her feathers, but Anahera nods and reaches out to him. “Am I going to get in trouble with Mycroft for this?”
“Let’s go.”
John is calling for him.
“Mm. And you might want that, too, you might want me to couple with you, and you might want to couple with me, and I'll want you to, too. I'll want that.”
Absolutely
“Tomorrow will be busy.”
boyfriend, object of affection, lover
“I look forward to that, John.”
He resurfaced in Baker Street to find it was already dawn; he'd been away for hours. Pulling a blanket off the back of the couch and covering himself against the chill, Sherlock drifted off to sleep with a plan to wake in the late morning, head home, and give Mummy the news she'd been waiting to hear. The green folders that had been so much a part of her life for the last two years might finally become a thing of the past. God knows what she'd find to fill her time next.
John stared at him. “What did Dan say?”
“How long were you together?”
“Of course you have. But reading about something isn’t the same as doing it.”
There was a slight pause before James cleared his throat and said, "No regrets." The two of them fell into silence again
John cupped Sherlock's jaw and ran his thumb over his lower lip, now puffed up and swollen from its efforts, and ran the tip of his nose across Sherlock's upper lip. Sherlock could feel the weight of John's torso pressed against him, could feel how hard he was breathing, how his hips angled against his inner thighs, how his hard-on –
Hello! Please have some bathtub sex with a teeny bit of case advancement!
“The urethra traverses the corpus spongiosum and the meatus and passes through the prostate gland. It serves as a passage for urine and ejaculation.”
Coffee, muffins, and cookies were temporarily forgotten when John pushed the door open with his elbow, and found a still naked Sherlock sprawled face down on the bed. He was a long line of lean muscle and subtle curve, capped by a mop of disheveled curls on one end, punctuated by long, graceful feet at the other. It was, however, the impossibly ample bottom jutting up in the middle that most caught John's attention.
Sherlock keened into the back of his hand. He made the smallest of adjustments, testing where and how to roll his hips, and shuddered when he felt John’s tongue pierce him. He pressed down just a touch more, and John went deeper. Sherlock ran his hands down his chest, over his belly, back up. He raised and lowered himself that tiny bit, pinched his nipples, did it again.
“DC. I knew it wasn’t local, but I didn’t really think about it.”
"Oh, no. Oh no no no. John, don't you see what's happening? You're a
“Sherl’peng, what’re you doing? This isn’t the Penglympics.”
John kissed Sherlock’s ear and temple and the parts of his euphoric face he could reach, and let himself be cuddle-attacked by a very affectionate post-orgasmic Sherlock.
John was clinging to him, and in that moment Sherlock knew how hard John had worked to keep Sherlock calm and steady whenever he’d raised the same question.
Another deep, rumbling sound, and then Sherlock cracks one eye open and peers up at John, reaches out to grab his hand and pulls him down. Sherlock turns onto his side and makes room on the bed, tugging John tight against him and wrapping an arm around him from behind.
Sherlock filed the information away, the name leaving a bitter taste in his mouth.
___ Fisting
She looks back and forth at her fathers and frowns.
Greg spoke to those same thoughts as he gestured to a chair and logged into his computer. “Hey, I know you’re worried, but I think we’ve got a good shot at this. Stephan doesn’t take no for an answer, and if John plays his cards right, he’ll have him eating out of his hand and begging John to take his money.”
Schinopsis balansae, Quebracho Colorado, Red Quebracho: 4,570 lb
"Come sit on my lap and find out."
This song? This fucking song right
John bottomed out.
"He doesn't seem very comfortable, does he?" John murmurs.
"What? No! Of course I'm okay. Completely fine." Sherlock makes a mental note to never make that face again.
Filled with the reality of settling into his new husband’s home, Sherlock went down to join John for tea and scones.
Sherlock places the tooth at his father’s feet, and moves back to stand with John. The moonlight is strong, but not stronger than the pull of the tooth. It catches the yellow light, as if basking in it, and pulls that light deep into the etching on its surface.
"Hello! Lestra?" The bird he thinks is Lestra looks at him a bit oddly, so he dials down the intensity of his grin - no use looking like a maniac - and adjusts his pace so they can swim together.
“Rampant?”
“But then you came back. I could've called it off with her.”
Sherlock glanced at John and took note of the expression on his face. Dismayed, sad, angry. “And you haven’t seen him since he came back?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Lestra?" Mycroft's look of annoyance has given way to amusement. "Have you something to say?"
“Armpits?” John looked at Sherlock with raised eyebrows. “What color is that?”
“Now, let me ask you this. If those blessings are returned to us, how do we know it’s because of this stone? And if we cannot know that, how do we know we haven't given ourselves the very same blessings, on our own, of our own hearts?”
“Mmm. You’re to have a
Greg waved the remote over his shoulder, not bothering to turn around. “You guys go ahead. We’ll wait for the food to arrive, and shower after dinner.”
, he thinks to himself.
“It is! Erebus knew just where I could find some! See how thin it is? It will freeze in place, but you’ll be able to tear it easily from the ice next summer. If you need to loosen anything from it, you can just rinse it in seawater.”
John jumped out and opened the back door to grab the food. Sherlock got out, too, waiting to see where they were headed, but it turned out they were only going as far as the hood of the car. John climbed on, leaned back against the windshield, and patted the spot next to him.
Sherlock looked over to the album sitting open on the bedside table and nodded.
“Not really. Not because I might not want them, but because it just seems like something that’s so far away. What about you?”
Maryle stays on the fringes of their circle. Sherlock tracks her movements, but notes nothing alarming. Although she occasionally strikes up conversation with John, she spends more and more time with Janine and Irena, less and less time with her previous friends, and almost no time with any of the male pengs. Sherlock cannot discern whether she has grown less interested in them, or more angry with them.
Sherlock stops and makes a humming noise as if he’s considering a menu, and he probably is. He’s probably standing in his mind palace in a room called
“What about Imi?”
and the
John leans against the wall and watches their granddaughter put the finishing touches on Sherlock's hair. She climbs down off his lap when she's done and stands in front of him, her small hands tented together, fingertips pressed to her lower lip, in perfect imitation of her Papa. She's barefoot and she shifts back and forth on pale, skinny legs as she assesses her work. The mannerisms remind John of Imi's mum, Hannah, when she was a little girl, and he gives his head a little shake as an old memory rises up to meet him.
Finally, completely drained, but with John at his side, he drops his head. “That, Pāpā, is what happened.”
“Is that L’eau Serge Lutens you’re wearing? It smells divine. Doesn’t it just remind you of freshly washed bed linens? I’ve been thinking about getting some myself, and if it smells half as good on me as it does on you, I think it’d be well worth it.” Sherlock held out his hand and curled his fingers, and Paul, mouth hanging open, lifted his own hand from his hip and dangled it over Sherlock’s before placing it in his palm.
“It makes me an even older man with his husband's hard-on pressed into his arse. Not that there's anything wrong with that, mind you.”
“I am.”
“I beg to differ.”
“Clear as day, tiger.”
Door shut, Sherlock and John shared a small smile, one that said,
Conversation didn’t really start to flow until they’d put the business of ordering behind them, but then they pulled in their chairs, set elbows and forearms on the table, and dove into more interesting topics. Kevin asked what John and Sherlock had been up to since the night of his party, which led to a discussion of the merits of the various museums, neighborhoods, and restaurants in the Chicagoland area.
“Anything you can think of, really. The club stocks hankies for everything; daddy kink, cuddling only, overweight, body hair, foot fetish, dildos, nipples, everything.”
Sherlock is whispering John's name now, so he blinks himself out of the half-dream state he'd been in and cranes his head around a bit to better hear him.
“We’re already halfway through our sophomore year. We weren’t together our freshman year, we weren’t even in touch, and it can’t get worse than that, can it? We’ll have spring break together, and then summer vacation, and if all goes well we’ll be at school together in a year. We’ll be okay.”
"No, but there's definitely something wrong, something stuck in your craw."
“Is it clean underwear?”
“Nope.” John trailed his fingers lightly up and down Sherlock’s back and over his shoulder. He stared out at the overgrown garden and drank his wine, seemingly content to sit in the silence and contemplate dusk settling over the tall grass and weeds. After a few minutes, John set his glass down on the table, took Sherlock’s glass out of his hand and set that down, too, then reached up to take his chin in his hand.
“That's going to be a problem,” Sherlock says, ducking down to pick up the totem.
John reached for some tinsel and Sherlock pulled his hand back. “God, no. No tinsel, John.”
John rubbed his shoulders and neck, then worked his way down his back, pushing the heels of his hands into the narrow spaces over Sherlock's hips.
John burst out laughing, and Sherlock followed, laughing even harder when John’s outburst turned into that high-pitched giggle that Sherlock so loved.
“Sherlock, please don’t leave. Please.”
“I will stay to tell the story, Mycroft, but only if I can do so in the next three days. The next part of my journey bears a sense of urgency that I cannot deny. I will be useless to you here once that compulsion to continue consumes me. And it will.”
There was resolve in John’s voice, and a harder set to his smile, and Sherlock was glad, so very glad, because he would die if he had to stay in this house alone while John went home for breakfast with his family.
John’s face didn’t seem to know what to do. A conflicted assortment of expressions passed over it, first with his eyebrows at his hairline, then scrunched together, then one up with the other down, then the other way around. Finally, he licked his lips and nodded.
“John?”
“You were always goofing off with Anderson, flicking your towels at each other, or lobbing your dirty socks at someone.”
“No, really, let me just —“ John leaned over to grab at the cans, putting his head right over Sherlock’s lap.
“You could go there.”
. He beamed up at John.
“20 percent.”
He pulled open the drawer of the nightstand on what he already thought of as his side of the bed, and pulled out a bottle of lube, then crawled back down and resettled over John’s hips, directly above his cock.
ridge
“You were just like Kahu at that age, you know,” Sherlock teases.
John leaned closer and put his mouth to Sherlock’s ear. “So you’re telling me that you douche every time you take a dump?”
“Bloody genius … incredible … cannot believe … so amazing … how did you know … fantastic … tell me everything …”
“With the Christmas lights on?” John gave him an indulgent smile and tugged his T-shirt over his head.
“Indeed. Olive, what do you think?”
neither do my blowjobs
And then Sherlock understands, realization bursting bright like a sunbeam through the clouds.
“Yeah,” he managed on an exhale.
Sherlock nodded his head up and down a bit more enthusiastically, then shook it back and forth just as enthusiastically. “A wall, yes, but not the shower; too dangerous, we'd slip and break something.”
“Because it would kill me to lose it.”
“Ah. So, you found me.”
“Magenta,” John repeated.
“Oh. Well, I don’t know. The lab, and football practices and games, and homework, and just the regular stuff I guess.”
“Oh, my gods.”
Blue whale: 25m
Sherlock turns and stares, but Maryle keeps her eyes fixed ahead. "I think you and I are alike in many ways, Sherlock. I understand what it’s like to want to do things your own way. I know how it feels to have your secrets revealed, things you’d rather have kept private.
“Okay?”
“John?”
I'm a day earlier than I anticipated, which may not happen again. Heaps and heaps of gratitude to KarlyAnne for her hours and hours of help with this chapter. Help doesn't even begin to describe it.
,” John read. “Hmm, I must have left my copy of that at school, you geek.”
The house was quiet, and still, as if it had been long ago abandoned. In a way, he supposed, it had. Lord knew Mrs. Hudson had worked hard to maintain the illusion that a family still dwelled there. He and Mycroft were lucky, so very lucky, that their parents had completed and filed legal documents he hadn't even known existed, long before they died. Mrs. Hudson had legal guardianship of the Holmes’ brothers, and the farm, and she had taken the role to heart, and made them her own.
Many thanks to KarlyAnne, who must've wondered what I was smoking to have produced a 5K+ chapter on so little notice as to be no notice at all, and beta'd it anyway.
Sherlock followed John into the other room and stretched out on the couch, watching as John packed kindling, newspaper, and logs into the fireplace. When the fire began to take, John joined Sherlock on the couch. He sat near Sherlock’s hip, facing where he was resting his head against the armrest.
“You should move into the upstairs bedroom, and maybe turn yours into a guest room. And you should clean out that office and use it yourself.”
“Greg!” Sherlock angled his head toward the hallway and shouted. “Greg!”
Sherlock groaned and arched his back, presenting as much of himself as he could. John lapped at him, then pulled back long enough to say, “What about you? Tell me what you used to think about before we got together.”
The voices fade. Near him, the white begins to pulse. He watches as the waves of light move toward him, one after the other, and he watches as these waves reach him, and move through him. Each one brings a thought, and each of those joins the next, and soon, his head is in a hyper state of awareness. The thoughts are not his own.
John raised an eyebrow. His hands were on Sherlock’s knees now, kneading.
“Don’t see why not.”
“And you’re still okay with it?”
“So am I. Listen to me. In what world would two people who have been through everything together, who have spent their lives together, who love each other and would do literally anything for each other, not also have
John smiles and kisses Sherlock's shoulder again, but doesn't answer.
John turned, kissed Sherlock, and put his mouth against his ear. “Guess how much he offered for one night?”
As Sherlock and John leave Cassiopeia after their fourth summer, they know that this will be their winter. They are ready, and they can’t get home fast enough.
YES ___ NO
“It’s like my nervous system recognizes your proximity before my mind does. My stomach pulls up, tight, and my breath catches, and my heart skips, and then starts racing. I get this quivering feeling, like a shot, right through me, head to toes. And I want to reach out for you, but I’m temporarily paralyzed by this massive surge of adrenaline, and when it stops, I feel like I’ve been electrocuted.”
my only one
They hug, swaying, the silence between them conveying more than words could ever wish to speak, inspecting each other for health and happiness and success.
“I think that would be acceptable. Did you have one in mind?” Sherlock answers, standing to help John finish clearing the table.
“Jeans and my red pullover.”
not shaped like this
“I am, yeah. Are you?”
“Wedding garments?”
powerful thighs
“Anahera, this is John, Erebus, Cetus — the healer, and Siger, my father.
“Would the Council allow it?”
This chapter revisits the Legend of Kororā. Please note that I have changed Kororā's father's name from Kararehe, to Atutahi; I'll explain more in the endnotes.
“I swear to God, Sherlock,” John said, voice breaking as he released another fistful of torn paper into the air around them. “Okay. Listen to me. I appreciate this, I do, and I know you were just trying to take control over something you feel you have no control over, but I do not want to take you up on this offer. I'm not seeing other people because I don't want to. I don't need to. If I ever do need or want to I will tell you, I promise you, and the same goes for you, Sherlock. You have the right to do the same, okay? You just tell me. So, you've made your offer and I've rejected it. Are we clear?”
Across the table from them, Kevin and Greg were in a similar state of indecisive quasi-drooling. After another minute or two, Kevin put his menu down and said, “Everything is good here, guys. Let’s get some appetizers to share, our entrees, and maybe a side or two. But save room for dessert, because the tiramisu and the budino di pane cioccolato are out of this world.”
“Brilliant. That was bloody brilliant.”
“Who are you?” the taller one says. He is holding John in the most suspicious regard, and when John takes a step closer to Sherlock, both of the chicks move to block him from moving further.
Sherlock blinked his way through his inventory of sexual acts, which took about four seconds, as it was obvious what John was talking about. “Anal penetration.”
“My son. My beloved son. Do not believe for one instant that it does not pain me to send you away. Do not think I do not understand the depth of your regard for John, or how powerfully you will miss him during your absence.
Of course, what he and John were doing now wasn't anything like what his mother had taught him. Still, it was dancing, and Sherlock loved it. He could feel the throb of the bass in his body, and matched his movements to that thrum and pulse.
“I was just asking John if he’d like a snack but he hasn’t made up his mind. He tried to tell me he wasn’t hungry, but I’ve never known him to not be hungry. Are you feeling alright, honey?”
“No, Sherlock, we need something to use as lube.”
John whimpered. His cock was salty and slick with pre-come. Sherlock licked the shaft and head with a broad, flat tongue, making sure John could see everything he was doing. “Tell me you love it when I do this.”
Sherlock looked, then bounced up from the sofa and shouted. He started pacing the living room, cursing himself for not having seen this as a possible outcome. How could it be, though? It was never twins and it was never a tie! He didn't realize he was tugging at his hair and muttering under his breath until he felt John's hand on his arm and heard him say, “Hey, shhh, it's all right. Sherlock, I didn't know this was so important to you.”
John frowned and shook his head. “Of course not. At first, she just kept saying, ‘Me? You’re talking about me?’ and then Bea pulled out a folder of what she said was evidence, and Molly just burst into tears. That’s pretty much when you came in. Now she’s in the office with one of the detectives but I can’t imagine it’s going to amount to anything.” John’s fingers were drumming on the table near Sherlock’s forearm. “She’s late a lot and Bea wrote her up this morning for tardiness, but that’s hardly a crime, right? But then she called her back in tonight and called the police after she got here. The police can’t arrest her without proof, but she’s been sacked.”
“I have a theory, and an idea. Would you like to hear it?”
“That night, in the back of the truck? When I rimmed you for the first time? There was a full moon. I could see it through the windshield whenever I looked up from between your legs. I’d look up at your face, and I could see the moon low in the sky, huge, shining on us. You looked like a statue come to life in that light. Glowing, smooth, perfect. That’s my favorite memory of the moon.”
John covered Sherlock’s hand with his own and smiled. “I love you, too. Very much.”
“Tell me anyway.”
“But what if it’s the only chance I get?”
“They’re not all tourable,” Jessica said. “They’re mostly private residences, except for his own house and studio, I think. You’d just be biking around looking at them and hearing stories from the tour guide about what an amazingly talented jerk he was.”
Sherlock grins and bows low, both a sign of respect, and to tease her for her shorter stature. He stands and looks down at her, joy and belonging bubbling up in his throat. “
Sherlock nibbled on his pickle and said a silent word of thanks to John for navigating this encounter with Mycroft.
“Who?”
John and Sherlock stay huddled in their spot, standing on their toes to see who is asking which question. Most come from the more mature juveniles who will be ready to select partners soon. The chicks listen attentively, more because they know this material is hardly meant for their young ears than because they’re interested. Some of the adults are ushering their children home now, which frees space for those more interested to move forward.
Mary was so long ago now, more than a different chapter, more than a closed book. She was a lesser, distant lifetime. John lies still against Sherlock for a moment and listens to his heartbeat, steady and sure. He rubs his thumb over an oval nipple and compares the golden tan of his hand to the ever-paleness of Sherlock's torso.
“We need an excuse.”
“First of many.”
“Boston is boring. My studio has a bed in it.”
John’s eyes go from diamond-shaped to extremely diamond-shaped.
The gathering is quiet. Sherlock assumes only he and John did not already know this about Moringa. He should have known, though, he tells himself. He knew that she had left with her family when she was eight winters old, and that Erebus knew her from her time on Pobeda. He knew that Erebus was not pleased to see her return.
“Husband?”
“But with you, with me making love to you, it already felt like you'd given me everything you could possibly give. Not with your body, but with the way you love me. The way you treat me.”
Mr. Watson put his paper down in his lap, pinched the bridge of his nose, and sighed.
“Yes, Ma’am. Benedictine was my great-great-grandmother on my father’s side. Of course, I never met her, but we have some family portraits and she looks like a formidable woman.”
“We’ve got you now, you’re safe, you’re safe now.”
“I asked him if he could ask her to stop interfering, because she might listen to him, and he said that he’s told her many times that she needs to step back and accept this, and to focus more on what Jesus says than on what her neighbors might say.”
Go ahead and start the seal chants now; you're going to want the head start.
“Nope.”
At night Sherlock dreams of the sky, of flight. He reverses his saltwater journey under Atutahi’s watchful eye, assisted by Kapua’s winds, through banks and wisps of clouds, back to John. Far below he sees his shadow, cast on the surface of the sea. His wings look long and full, and he watches them beat powerfully. He circles Cassiopeia, descends, softly-softly, until he sees the crèche, and John, the graceful curve of his neck, the fascinating lines of his skull and bill and shoulders, standing with the others, but alone.
Soon after his mother's return the colony gathers in front of the council for the first night of the spring equinox conference. The chicks gather at the front, a bubbly sea of grey and black, their parents behind them, one eye on offspring, the other on order. Sherlock avoids the rambunctiousness of his peers to study the assembled elders. Seven adults: four male and three female, standing at attention, a shared wingspan between each of them. They make for a handsome arrangement with their height, and broad whiteness, the vibrant orange of their chest puffs, mandible markings, and crowns. He knows only a few of them by name now. By the end of the three night conference he will know their names and roles, and, if he is lucky, their stories.
“I quite agree.”
There will be some drama. Pengs who do not receive an answering call will panic. They will interrupt the parading couples and try to push away their competition and claim the potential mate as their own. Fights will break out. Wings will beat. There will be pecking and hissing and slapping. It never works. No one ever says,
I didn't use this word in this chapter, but I want you all to see the magnificence of this language. These three letters could mean:
Sherlock retreated to the bathroom in a mild state of panic. Think, he told himself, think! What kind of gift would someone give their spouse that was intended to be used on their wedding night? What else could it be but something that fit with the sexual expectations John must have? An outfit of some kind, the men’s equivalent of lingerie, whatever the hell that might be, or, oh God, maybe a toy, or … or … a collar! What if John was into kinky things and expected Sherlock to wear a collar?
Across the room, John cleared his throat and looked at the floor.
“You're not frigid. Who cares if we could have been? We could have been sleeping on the roof of St. Bart’s Hospital, too, if we wanted, but we didn’t want that, so it doesn’t matter.”
He poured them each two fingers and sat next to John on the couch, close as he dared. John held up his glass, so Sherlock did the same, but when John clinked the crystal together and licked his lips as if about to make a toast, Sherlock burst out with, “Is this our last date?”
They entered the park at the corner of Madison and Michigan and followed the path until they were at a building called The Park Grill. Surely it wasn’t time to eat? John tugged his arm and shook his head. “I know what you’re thinking, and the answer is no.”
Sherlock marvels at this side of John, so knowledgeable and competent after his time studying at Cetus’ side. He realizes he is seeing a side of John he hasn't experienced before. He has seen John as a student of the healing sciences, and even as a healer, but now, interacting with Tui, he sees John as the emperor he will become, as one dedicated to the care of others. He is still staring in awe when Tui answers John’s question.
A quick note: to everyone who sends me peng pics via tumblr, thank you! There are a few that I've meant to post here, but I keep forgetting. I do see them, and I do love them!
“Oh. Well, because the water coming back out will be clean.”
Anahera and Tui exchange a worried look.
“Well, it’s not a bad thing to set up a couple dates with candidates based on their picture, no red flags notwithstanding,” John said. “No matter how someone appears on paper, you won’t know if there’s a connection until you meet in person.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Whatever I want, Sherlock thinks. He loves the stockings. He loves me.
Kissing John was the most sensually intimate act of Sherlock's life. To taste John like this, to lick into his mouth, and welcome him in, was the ripe culmination of all they’d ever been and shared. It was new, but not, because it was so entirely them, an experience that could never be duplicated with another. It was them.
“I’m just gonna check and make sure everything is okay before I turn it off.”
John gave him a soft pat on the rump and gestured toward the tub. “Get in.”
“Did you really think so?” he said to John Watson.
“It was this, or
0°F = (-)17.77°C
“Oh – my – God.”
Pōrangi is fading, slipping further away from him into the blackness of the depths beyond. She keeps her gaze locked on him as she goes, staring, begging without words. Sherlock feels the shudder of a thousand souls move through him, but he sees nothing except the fabled seal, Ika’s chosen one, disappearing from his view.
“No, I wouldn’t. But that’s Captain Watson to you,” John answered, snatching the cocktail menu from Sherlock’s hand. He met no resistance, as Sherlock had gone weak in the fingers, too. Sherlock wriggled closer to John and laid his hand on John’s thigh.
“I'm not doing a goddamn thing until you tell me what's really going on here. I'm serious. I appreciate you wanting to carry the domestic load for a bit, but I know you, and I know that there's something going on. I believe you if you say that you haven't done anything, but if you didn't, someone else did. Out with it.”
“Sherlock! Why?”
. I would read a book called
John Watson wanted to kiss him.
“Hank, give me twenty pounds of that layer mash you were talking about, and twenty of those starter rations.”
Sherlock shook his head and rolled them both onto their sides, facing each other. He wedged his leg between John’s and stroked the tips of his fingers down John’s forearm. “I’m still a cynical, defiant, misdirected youth who thrives on chaos theory, but you are most definitely not my imaginary play thing. At least, not anymore.”
He went to his bed that night feeling unsettled, not unlike the sensation he got in his stomach when sailing, just when the boat sat at the highest peak of a wave before plunging down to slap against the surface.
“Yes. I’m just fine. Absolutely.” He took another few steps backward.
“Not before this weekend, no. I don't think it's necessarily a bad thing, though. I believe people of your emotional sophistication call it
John calls for Sherlock first thing each new day. Sherlock knows that he could call for John, too, but that would rob him of the chance to hear his name trilling through the air, that perfect song finding him over and over. He tries to look disinterested as they waddle into sight of each other, but suspects the involuntary puff of his chest and jut of his head gives him away, just as it does John.
“And there you have it, my life story.”
Sherlock smiled for the first time all day. “Yes, true. And that reminds me, when you were showering this morning I remembered that I’d never looked at the envelope Mycroft gave me for my birthday. It was in my shirt pocket, and if I remember correctly, we were a bit distracted when I took that shirt off.”
John fell asleep first, leaving Sherlock with armfuls of love and contentment.
John laughed. “Yeah, I figured as much, but if that’s what you’ve deduced then I guess it’s probably what’s going to happen. Can I kiss you some more?”
“On your balls?”
“Oh, John, it's
“I used to think about your thighs. Your thighs straining as I sucked you down.
John smiled, and Sherlock smiled back, whether because of emotional sensations looping into those more physical, or because of subconscious joy at his continued survival, he couldn’t discern. He didn’t care. John Watson had kissed Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock exited the app and slunk down in his chair, resting his head against the back. John had begged off to go to a meeting. John had not asked him out on another date.
Olive chuckles and nods her head. “Yes, I think I may know who your little helpers are.” She tilts her head to the side, and looks over Sherlock’s shoulder. He hears their chirping as he turns around, and there they are, standing off to the side, whispering to each other.
“Can we get some tea?”
Kevin spit his drink all over the table. “You cannot be serious.”
John disappeared into the bathroom and closed the door when they reached the bedroom, so Sherlock crawled to the middle of the bed and lay on his back with his hands folded on his belly. He listened to the sounds of running water, the rustle of his hair against the pillow, his own breathing. He watched the rise and fall of his abdomen under his penis, still hard, curved just ever so subtly away from his body. He thought about touching himself, maybe just a stroke or two, then reprimanded himself. Wait. Wait for John. Give him everything, give him the start, the middle, the end.
Sherlock smiled, then frowned, then sighed.
“Well, no, but I don't suppose he had reason to, really.”
"What did you have in mind?"
I didn't know that pengs don't return to their colony for about three years, or until they're ready to mate. Ooops. Ah well, artistic license.
Sherlock laughed and kissed John's ear. “Oh!” His penis slipped out and flopped against his thigh, and John giggled.
“No. Do you want to go in?”
“John. Let’s just do this.”
stolen breath
“What did the kid do? Tell me, and I’ll suck you off some more.”
“Well no, not with you texting me every other second and pulling me away from dates to go solve cases with you, most of which weren't even real cases.”
John shakes his head. “I don't know. And it wouldn't have to be me. It could be you.”
Sherlock did not want to close his eyes. He wanted to stare at the moonlight bouncing off of John's back, he wanted to look at each and every eyelash visible to him from this angle, he wanted to see the exact moment that –
“You can go to sleep, you know,”John whispered, one warm palm cupping the crown of Sherlock's curly head. “I'm not going anywhere.”
“It can’t be perfect, love. You know that.”
Or did they mean
Mrs. Watson opened her mouth to speak, but John shook his head and said, “No. Not one more word.”
”No. They left the party because I called them. And I shouldn’t have. I should’ve waited.“
“Fine. I see how it is. Boys, this has been an absolute pleasure, and I do hope we'll meet again. Greg, you are no longer allowed to accept a date without conferring with me, first.” Molly shoved her phone back into her purse, wrapped her scarf around her neck, and got up to go.
“But Greg and Kevin must’ve heard me!”
“But how will we know if it's real or not? Everyone will think it’s proof that the legend is real, and Sherlock said he isn't sure if he believes in any of it!”
“I get the picture.”
Cetus must be able to tell what Sherlock is wondering, because he says, “The damage to her tail was minimal. It looked much worse than it was, because so many of those feathers were ripped out at the quill. As long as the skin there heals well, and it should, the feathers will regrow.
Finally, John stands up and looks at Sherlock with clear, bright eyes. He presses his cheek to Sherlock’s, as if to kiss him, but the kiss doesn’t come. Instead, John starts giggling, quietly at first, as if he’s just thought of the funniest thing, a flying fish, perhaps, or a pink penguin. He giggles louder, and louder, until his entire body is shaking, and he has to lean into Sherlock for support, because his body is so consumed with laughter, it cannot focus on other simple functions, such as standing.
“We could go back to my place, and celebrate the new year quietly.”
John snorted.
“John, don’t stop, oh god, please, don’t stop.”
John shook his head as he scraped burnt bits off his toast and then covered the bare spots with creamy butter. “You really are unable to sit still for long, aren’t you?”
Sherlock turned in John's arms and tilted down for a kiss. He looped his arms around John's neck, and John held him close with his hands on Sherlock's waist, thumbs caressing over hipbones. Their kisses were open and wide, demanding, confident. These weren’t the kisses that led to sex; these kisses were sex.
Vela smiles. “That’s not possible, my dear. By design of nature, your call will most likely not even be heard by an individual who is not well-suited for you. Pairing only happens when two songs are perfectly harmonious. Yours will resonate with theirs, and theirs will resonate with yours, or it won’t happen at all.”
“Well, that was easier than I expected.”
He took another sip of his fourth glass of Grande Réserve Brut, slumped in the opposite directions of the bubbles and said, “Whoever came up with the idea of pairing Champagne with cheese is a genius.”
