“Bruce… could you help me…?” She asked timidly, but her question was quickly cut off by a grunt coming from the teenage boy. “Bruce? Are you okay?”
“Only my pride” Peter laughed into his shoulder.
At this Steve couldn’t hear him anymore, as rage took over his mind. He threw his shield, dropping a transporter tunnel on top of the young superhero. But he wasn’t crushed. Suprisingly, he held the tunnel up, and Steve had to admit he was impressed.
“What are you doing here?” Steve questioned, quickly followed by Tony
“What! That’s ridiculous. They’ll never sign them.” Peter said, starting to get up. “I’m taking Rufus out, you wanna come?”
“Pete, you have to talk to him. He’ll understand!” Natasha said, walking Peter up the school drive. This had become a regular thing since Peter’s identity was revealed, as they both refused to take Happy with them, Natasha had begun to walk Peter to school. Natasha could look after herself, but their parents didn’t think Peter was so capable.
“Look we have the house to ourselves, let’s do something fun!” She insisted. “FRIDAY, open the lazertag arena please, and send all robots there. We are gonna have the best night in ever.” She declared.
“Run diagnostics on FRIDAY”
“I know Tony. I saw the first 500 times you said! I know he is incredibly cute, but Nat is on her way and we can’t make her feel left out, she needs to know that she is still so important to us. But our attention may just be split a little…” Cap trailed off as he saw Tony clearly not listening to a word he was saying. Tony had always wanted a boy.
“D…dad?” Peter asked timidly, worried that his father might actually be dead.
“You having trouble remembering your own name there Pete? Just take off the mask and tell me.” Steve said, becoming conscious once more of the heavy transport tunnel on top of Peter.
“Steve!” Tony interrupted. “I’m in. If the next one is even half of what Natasha is then we will be too blessed for words.”
“For how long?” Came Peter’s desperate reply.
(See the end of the chapter for
Basically the plot of civil war but more domesticated :)
“Here she is! Birthday girl!” a voice boomed from the living room, followed by a round of cooing and awing at the sight of Natasha in her purple frock, hand-picked by Pepper as neither of her dad’s had any idea of fashion, especially when it came to 2 year old girls. Bucky Barnes rushed towards Natasha, scooping her out of her Pop’s arms, bouncing her up and down on his hip. “Shall we go and play?”
“Has Pete come through yet? Natasha asked, hope gleaming in her eyes.
“Nat won’t be happy about everyone not paying attention to her all the time, she is a right diva and a drama queen when she wants to be” Steve said, looking expectantly towards the door for his daughter’s arrival. He heard the sound of squeaking shoes, and a faint cry, one which he recognised well. It was the “I don’t like this outfit!” cry he had heard so many times. “Here she comes!”
Opening up the first box, the first photo caught his eye. It was at Pete’s christening, which Tony had been against but Steve insisted. He was in his little suit, his chubby cheeks pulled back into a smile, his tiny hands clinging onto one of Steve’s fingers. Tony remembered how proud he felt that day, and looking at the photo he couldn’t help but chuckle.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sir, it appears that Mr Parker is drowning.” FRIDAY’s calm voice came through Tony’s phone.
There he was. His Dad. Peter hadn’t seen him in around 6 months, and when he stepped out of his suit, he was unsure whether to hug him or hit him. He did neither, and instead just stood there, a surprised and annoyed look plastered across his face.
“Peter, you will lead a new race.” The man who had brought him here spoke from above his head. “A new race of super-soldiers who will lead the world to Salvation. HAIL HYDRA.” He shouted the last words in the face of the 14 year old, as he began to drift out of consciousness.
Peter began to type an angry reply, when a wave of dizziness hit him, forcing him to drop his phone and sink further into the sofa. He pulled a blanket over himself, shivering, and closed his eyes, hoping some sleep would help sort him out. It had been a long day after all. But, just as he felt sleep close in, Natasha sat on his head.
“Natasha. Leave the poor boy alone!” Steve Rodgers said from the doorway. Natasha always had a way with words, her natural intelligence clearly apparent in her everyday life. Despite her young age, she had been training with Nick Fury, and was excelling in all aspects, and Steve couldn’t be more proud.
“What! Explain yourself!”
Steve glimpsed Tony fighting Wanda over Peter’s red and blue shoulder, and immediately tensed up. “I have to go Pete. I’m sorry.” He shouted over his shoulder as he raced towards the self-proclaimed hero.
Tony’s face was a picture of heartbreak. Peter went still for a moment, and a small spark of hope ignited in Tony that maybe it’s stopped. That maybe Peter will be okay.
“I’m so sorry. I shouldn’t have got you involved in this…” Tony started, trailing off as he fell back onto the floor, eye looking straight up.
“Dad! DAD!” Came Peter’s voice from the stairs. “Can you sign my permission slip for my school trip? Don’t worry Ned said his mum would take us!”
“Hey kids, we’re back” Steve shouted up the stairs. They had been out all day on a date day, which they had started to do more frequently due to the kids being older and more capable of looking after themselves. “Hey Tony, the kids have wanted a film night for a long time. How about we invite the gang around and have a proper one?” Steve asked, his arms wrapped tightly around Tony’s waist.
“Due to this recent diagnosis and information, I have sent out a high alert, and your Parent’s and the avengers will be returning shortly.” FRIDAY interrupted, making Natasha groan and Peter’s eyes to flash with worry. “ETA, 30 minutes”
"Did anyone hurt you? I'll hunt them down if they did..."
“Tony. Stop leaving bits of your suit everywhere. You know she will end up grabbing it and hurting herself.” Steve said, the annoyance clear in his voice.
“Where are you going? Do you need to take Happy with you?” Tony replied
“I mean” Bucky started, blocking a punch. “Are you gonna tell him?”
“um… uh… I didn’t think you would let me go out and stuff.”
The two men continued to look through the photos, oohing and awing at every possible moment, reliving those happy memories. Tony pulled out a photo of all the Avenger’s, with Thor holding an infant Pete and Bucky holding Natasha’s hand. The panic was clear in Thor’s face, clearly not used to being handed something so small and fragile, which made Tony chuckle. “Nothing is better than this. I love you so much Steve. Thank you for giving me this family.” Tony almost whispered, settling down into Steve’s arms on the long sofa.
Barnes paused for the barest moment, then vanished through the open doorway.
begged
and shattering glass.
“Keeping secrets, too? That’s also pretty in character.”
“JARVIS told me you were here,” Steve’s voice continued. “I, ah. Are you okay?”
“Steve,” Tony called cheerily, pressing the trigger to inject another one of his nanites into his forearm. “
“They’d be dead!” Tony exclaimed, jabbing a thumb behind him at the glass. “Do you know how many calories they must burn, especially the boy?”
“We had an incident with some of the Infinity Stones,” Rogers—Steve resolved to call the alternates by their last names before his brain had a meltdown—said. “They probably interacted with the Stones here.”
Wanda Maximoff hissed, and red tendrils encircled all of them and yanked them out into the open.
Italy: bust. Switzerland: bust, but they
“Sokovian nationals,” JARVIS reported. “They volunteered for Strucker’s experiments after their house was destroyed by local insurgents. Their parents were killed in the explosion.”
“No, I’m not.”
“Which I will,” Tony responded easily.
“Cap,” Clint warned, and pointed at the screen. There were HYDRA agents in mission control, dressed all in black with masks over their faces. One of the techs had a gun pointed at the back of his head, and Sharon Carter had her gun aimed squarely at the offender.
Whenever Steve saw them speaking, they were arguing. It was mostly about irrelevant things, Steve thought—what Rogers had suggested about the future, apparently contrary to Stark’s opinion; something Stark had said about technology here compared to that of the future that had apparently irked Rogers. But sometimes it was about things that Steve didn’t understand, nor did he want to.
“I’ve been having visions,” Thor admitted. “Dreams. Death, pain, fear, more death. The future, it’s… not ideal. I’ve been searching for the Stones.”
Bucky Barnes was one loose end that the Avengers could never seem to tie up. Despite the dizzying array of powers that their team held, they still could not manage to rustle up a hundred-year-old brainwashed assassin with a
The look in his eyes gave it away for Steve. It took a few days for him to notice—day four of seven, what had to be seven before they exploded—, but once he did, it was unmistakable. The steely look in his alternate’s eyes, the constant set of his shoulders like he was expecting to be hit from behind, the way his jaw set whenever Stark spoke or whenever their future was brought up.
“Oh, boy,” said Natasha, flatly, and she offered Thor a hand to his feet. “Let’s deal with this on the jet, shall we?”
“Let me see that,” Stark ordered, and pulled the hologram to himself. He studied it for a moment, zoomed in on one particular spike, and then whooped at the top of his lungs. “Yeah, baby! They came for us!”
worse than realizing that the aliens that attacked you… how’d Fury put it?
“Nope!” Sam interrupted, shutting his eyes despite the lack of anything inappropriate happening in front of him. “I don’t want to hear it!”
“I have to go help Natasha with Hydra,” Steve said softly, and Tony blinked.
“Roger that,” Tony said just before Natasha cried out, “Clint!”
The Iron Man armor scraped along the pavement, and Tony tried his best to keep it safe in the snow. It felt like saying goodbye to an old friend, an aching old wound and an old shoebox full of photographs. The line beeped when it disconnected.
They were horrible, ghastly visions, of blood and pain and death and the cold vastness of empty space. But they did show Thor things, and he wondered absently if his mother’s gifts had filtered into his blood after all. How ironic, that after nearly two thousand years, his gifts would manifest a year after her death.
Tony’s heart clenched, but he had to focus on the mission at hand. He thought of the drawing, torn paper and blacked-out faces, and took a deep breath.
“JARVIS?” Tony asked softly, and he heard the telltale click that meant that JARVIS had focused his attention on the area. Tony suspected that JARVIS only did that to humor him.
“Captain Rogers has gone on somewhat of a mission to take down the helicarriers, and I’m afraid that they’re already gone. He’s still onboard.”
“Steve, stand back, yeah?” Steve didn’t look convinced, but he obligingly moved away. “Mark 42. Autonomous prehensile propulsion suit test.”
Honestly, Tony didn’t really have an answer for him. Bruce’s helpless expression betrayed his uncertainty too. Steve let out a deep sigh.
Taking a cue from his future self, Tony had been feverishly working to unlock the secrets of a nanotech Iron Man suit. Stark had not let him see it because of his concerns for the timeline, but Tony had snuck a few peeks (that couldn’t hurt!) so he had at least somewhere to start. A year had not been enough time to fully flesh out the theory, but he was close enough that JARVIS had suspended production on new suits.
There was a blur from outside of the building, and Steve recognized the jets of the fragments of the Mark 42. He breathed a sigh of relief as one helicopter tipped on its side and careened downwards toward the ocean after a piano came hurtling out from the wreckage. Another helicopter was blown from the sky, and for a moment, Steve felt hope—Tony could manage these helicopters no problem.
The ground shook even more, and Thor faintly heard a scream of rage echo from the basement.
“Fuck,” Tony muttered, then louder, “Fuck!”
“You couldn’t save the President with the suit, how are we gonna save Pepper with nothing?” he demanded.
On day seven of seven, they hadn’t figured it out and it was too late.
Steve didn’t.
He didn’t say anything.
“Multiple bogeys just left the portal,” Natasha announced tersely. “Don’t seem like Chitauri—looks like the hive mind collapsed. Thor, intercept?”
“Coolant, sir.”
“Due to your apparent hatred of proper safety procedures, we do not have proper protective equipment down in the lab. However, your welding mask is on the table behind you, sir.”
They stumbled out of the fortress looking like a half-crazed,
Blast doors rumbled to life, shutting them into the decrepit warehouse. Steve flung his shield desperately at the rapidly-closing gap, but too late. Clint already had an arrow fully nocked, but he didn’t let fly. Natasha had her phone out, her eyebrows forming a hard line of tension. “Guys, we got a bogey. Short-range ballistic. 30 seconds tops.”
Where had Tony seen that? It was a dream—a nightmare—but there was something to it, a tinge of red and green and gold—
“No, it’s not…” Tony trailed off, frowning at something by Steve’s feet. “What the hell did you do to your leg?”
His brother raised a single eyebrow, so much like Frigga that it hurt something in Thor’s chest. He caved much easier than he used to, he noted ruefully. Loki would probably miss the challenge, or something. Thor certainly wouldn’t miss the arguments.
he was—
“Basement,” Steve said sternly. “Now.”
The Hulk smashed into the broken Iron Man suit, cradling it in one giant fist, and Thor said, “Yes, I can do that.”
Steve said.
JARVIS’s voice was quiet and lined with a sympathy that Tony was sure he’d never programmed into him. “Of course, sir.”
“The power source is questionable at best. I’m unsure that it will succeed at revitalizing the Mark 42.”
“I’m not the only one keeping secrets,” Rogers said, a falsely cool tone creeping into his voice. Stark actually
The lights went out.
Exasperated, Tony dropped his arms, then jerked them forwards again. Nothing.
Steve wondered, briefly, how his and
Suddenly Steve was
Steve rolled to his feet. “She, Fury, and Hill have had a hell of a time exposing and uprooting a lot of the agents, especially in STRIKE, but Natasha worded it as… she needs someone who radiates patriotism and America to root out the evil fuckers.”
rot the rest of your life away in prison.”
“You have a
“Hit me,” he said. “And run—run a scan for Pepper.”
Loki’s skin, already pale, went a sickly shade of white that looked nearly blue. “No,” he whispered. Thor winced.
Neither Tony nor Thor contradicted him, but they exchanged an ashen glance before Tony looked away first.
Fact two: the Winter Soldier was Bucky Barnes, Steve’s best friend from World War II.
“Are you okay?” Tony asked, and Thor was glad it was him and no one else, because he was the only other one who had felt her claws tear into his skull. “I know she’s kind of brutal, and—”
“God help him,” Sam said, but he was smiling, too.
Tony demanded.
Thor, who had not spoken up this entire time, raised a hand at the exact same time, fingers curled in an eerie imitation of the girl’s gesture. “Wait,” he rumbled, and some command in his voice had the twins both pause. “Can he show you instead?”
He had never felt as helpless as he did now.
The fight was briefer than he expected, honestly. Although to be fair, he could have missed half of it.
His hair had lightened; to a grey or a blonde, Steve couldn’t tell, but it wasn’t the dark brown that Tony sported currently. Worry lines had carved themselves deep into his face. His signature (well, signature as far as Steve could tell) facial hair had faded to a lighter shade of brown. The red blood made his eyes look black.
Sitwell squawked before there was a thud on the roof.
Both of the Starks said at the same time, and both Steve and his double rolled their eyes.
He couldn’t lose this. He’d just lost Tony, and that was an aching wound despite the fact that he’d known the man for only a year. Steve had known Bucky better than he’d known himself. But he had heard the warning of his future self, and this wounded animal kneeling outside wasn’t his friend.
“We’re on the eightieth floor!” Tony exclaimed, defensive for
Natasha’s expression was the opposite. Her mouth drew into a frown that could only be borne of pure, genuine fear.
He came to tied to a bed, which was an unpleasant repetition of some episodes of his youth—that was to say, a few years ago. Maya Hansen sat in front of him, typing at some sort of computer.
“He begged me,” Stark repeated blankly. “And I told him it was going to be okay. So you want to know why I’m keeping secrets? That’s why. And you know, we were great for a while. Dating—” Stark choked on the word there, and Steve sat back in his seat.
“Relax, Steve,” Natasha chided, as though sensing his train of thought through the comms. “Fury hired these pirates. They’re on strictly no-kill orders.”
Despite the lack of bulletproof armor, Tony thought he did pretty well. The combination of the repulsors and the semi-automatic worked nicely to take out the however-many armed guards that had come rushing to defend their prized trophy. Tony didn’t much care, he just had to get out, to get to Steve, to Pepper—
and I
“No fair,” Tony complained. “That movie’s not out for another month.”
Tony’s happy expression dropped suddenly, like Steve had told him his new puppy died. He sighed, leaning against the cell wall. “She was trying to show me something,” he said, rare uncertainty leaking into his tone. “I think. There were—flashes. Space. The Chitauri. But it was mostly just pain. I think… I think they’re new to this whole thing. I mean, did you see the way the speedster was running?”
Peter: Yeah look guys you’ve got it all wrong
“Buttttt, I miss himmmm.”
However, all attention was suddenly brought to a loud thump coming from upstairs.
“Big mood right there.”
“NAT! NAT I’M HERE! I’M RIGHT HERE!” Peter screamed, but Natasha didn’t even register the sound.
“What is this place?” Peter thought to himself as he looked around the vast orange plain. His head was reeling and his body was numb. “What happened?” He pondered aloud.
was coming. He just had to figure out what.
Then, just as the portal curled in on itself and collapsed, two more foreign figures appeared. It seemed like they’d had momentum before entering, because one, glinting in the sun, shot straight horizontally and the other, not propelled as far, was sent hurtling diagonally from the portal site. Even with his serum-enhanced vision, Steve couldn’t make out any exact details but for their humanoid shapes.
The conversation with Pepper wasn’t particularly enlightening. She could obviously tell that Tony hadn’t slept much, demonstrated by her lack of paperwork presented for him to sign despite the stuffed briefcase she was carrying. She just asked him if he was still up for dinner—strictly as friends, dating never would’ve worked for them anyway—and he said yes.
“Sorry,” Thor muttered. His hands began to light up again, and he clenched his fists to force the charge to dissipate.
“Counting on it,” Steve said.
Wordlessly, Steve held out the case containing the Scepter. Rumlow, not bothering to hide his glee, took it. Steve looked like he was barely stopping himself from punching the agent in the teeth. Tony kind of wondered why.
The Hulk snarled up at the top of Stark Tower, bunched his legs, and leaped straight up. He landed on the balcony where Loki and Thor had been fighting and disappeared. If Loki had gotten back up, he’d be in for a nasty surprise.
Steve’s Tony rolled his eyes.
“And her twin brother, Pietro.”
Thor’s steps down the stone staircase were surprisingly soft for a man of his bulk, let alone of his station. There was electricity licking the hammer and crawling up to his wrist, but it also collected along his shoulders and neck. Steve wondered absently how much of the conducting Mjolnir actually did.
Odin’s expression wavered, and then melted away, leaving Loki lounging in his place. “Are you trying to tell me you’re not angry?”
Steve
“Just hear me out,” he said. “The carriers launch. We infiltrate them and plant the chips that Fury’s got. But instead of them just shooting each other… what if they just fly away?”
Natasha, Sam, and Tony were both privately convinced that Bucky would never turn up until he felt ready to be found, but they let Steve hang onto his hope.
Tony groaned, but Steve sat forwards. Tony quietly mourned the removal of the warmth against his side, but Steve didn’t seem to notice. “What could HYDRA do with the Scepter?” Steve asked worriedly. “It already has mind controlling powers, could it… do something else?”
for the son of Howard Stark to fall out the other side.
“Listen to me very carefully. I’m going to tell you something about someone that’s going to be a blessing and a curse, and you’re not going to freak.”
Steve screamed his name again.
Fifteen minutes later, they were driving up some freeway that Steve didn’t know—Sam was in the drivers seat, a consequence of his experience in DC and Steve’s lack thereof. Natasha and Clint sat in the back, Sitwell wedged in between them. Neither Clint nor Sitwell seemed particularly pleased with that arrangement, but Natasha was unflappable as ever.
“Already?” Bruce asked, a hint of worry injecting itself into his usually-placid tones. “I thought Thanos didn’t move for years after this.”
He floated.
Tony realized what she was insinuating and resisted the urge to throw up in his mouth. He was not thinking about this right now. His brain would explode.
Steve dipped his head, breathed through Bucky’s smile,
For one horrifying moment, nothing happened. Then, Steve’s boyfriend began to rouse, groaning and raising a hand to his head. “Ow,” he muttered, his voice slightly slurred. “Did Thor hit me with his hammer?”
“That would be you, sir,” JARVIS responded dryly.
Rogers’ face fell almost comically. He shifted, staring back down at his sketchbook, and Steve felt unease twist his gut.
“Bruce is flying in tonight,” Tony announced. “I assumed you all would say yes. He was hanging out in Sri Lanka waiting to see what was gonna happen.”
Thor just hoped it wasn’t Thanos. Maybe it would be better for no one to find it, anyway.
He took one guard down with a stranglehold, two more with his shield, threw another over the side, and lost track. Natasha was supposed to get to the engine room, and Clint would stick to the high ground, working with the other SHIELD agents to take out the guards around the prisoners: most importantly Sitwell, who was almost certainly Hydra. Steve was aiming for Batroc.
“Yeah, whatever.” Tony lined up the injector as best he could with the patience he had, which was an impressive second and a half. He pressed down and bit back a yelp, shaking his hand out in a futile attempt to get rid of the pain.
“I have two hostiles contained, Thor is down, Stark unclear,” Natasha was saying rapid-fire into her comm. Bruce sounded an acknowledgement on the other line.
He felt momentum, something glass crash into his back, and then darkness.
“Crazy, right?” Tony said.
Thor frowned, shook off the arm that Natasha was using to keep him against the wall, and stepped into the open, raising his hands as he did so. “We mean you no harm,” he rumbled. “We merely wish to understand you.”
“She’s gonna deal with Pierce,” he said, and a slow, mischievous smile spread across Natasha’s face.
“Did we, uh. Did we win?”
was worrying about the team since Ultron.”
“Stark,” Clint said accusingly. “Are you using the alien god as your glorified charger?”
“—Fine, whatever,” The other Stark continued in the same breath. “Uh, when the Mind Stone—shit. When the, uh, scepter thing was messing with our brains, Cap asked me what I was without the suit and I said that I was a genius billionaire playboy philanthropist, or something. And then he said something about—”
the stupid argument, Steve, Jesus.”
First, Fury had dragged him into the biggest fight that he’d been in since World War II, complete with two alien gods, a man with a suit of robot armor, a man who turned into a monster when he got angry, a mind-controlled sniper using a bow and arrow, and a flying aircraft carrier. Then, Phil Coulson, his apparent “Number One Fan” had been murdered in cold blood with his Captain America trading cards
Steve was almost tempted to take the stairs, but before he could voice a protest, Stark had a hand wrapped around the back of the harness on Steve’s back and suddenly they were flying.
The two doofus guards that he had warned to leave before he killed them, well, he killed them. Or knocked them out, Tony wasn’t exactly paying close attention to their wellbeing. He angled his gun and his repulsor, and when no more armor arrived, he said to himself, “Where’s the rest?”
Quietly, Tony and Natasha, who had joined them, retreated from their reunion. “You didn’t seem very surprised,” she remarked drily.
Tony stared at the Mandarin—Trevor—for a long time.
“Thanos is coming for them,” he said softly. “I won’t… I can’t let it happen.”
Tony’s feet slipped on the oil-slick ground as he scrambled after Pepper, clinging onto the wreckage of the booth of the boat swinging toward open water.
he thought, and then he wasn’t falling anymore.
“Man, you’re such an alien,” Tony said finally.
“Well, this is awkward,” Natasha said wryly, glancing up from the computers.
Tony ignored him. “Remember what I told you about bullies?”
“Fuck,” Tony muttered, then louder, “Fuck!”
He heard the rapid
Steve held up three fingers, then two, then one. Thor whipped around the corner first, thrusting his white-hot hammer in front of him. The speedster was not quick enough to dodge.
“No,” Hill interjected briskly. “Launch sequences have already begun. If we tamper with them, well… the weapons are already primed to fire.”
Tony jerked the car onto the shoulder of the highway. Over the panic that seized his chest, Tony faintly heard Harley say, “Also, the armor’s not charging.”
If Tony had a therapist, they would probably tell him that he was making pathetic excuses and remind him of their heart-to-heart two days ago. This was why Tony didn’t have a therapist.
But Loki was currently lying in a crater in Stark Tower, as reported by Natasha. His army was defeated, the portal closed. Nothing else had escaped; there would be no reason for Loki to try and trick them. It was over.
“Who did?” Steve asked right as Rogers burst in the door.
“Why would I punch you?” Steve demanded.
had been yanked out his ears and forced to hover as an outsider shoved its way into his brain.
“It was real,” Thor said, totally certain. “I’m not certain that it would have been real for you, but the fragment of the Stone inside her reacted… poorly with my energy.”
“Clint,” Steve breathed, hurrying over and ignoring the way his sneakers scraped unpleasantly on the concrete. “Clint, hey, are you okay?”
Tony went up to the roof and sat there for a good, long while. His legs dangled off the side and in the cold night air, New York City glowed on the horizon. No dust clogging the air, no half-collapsed buildings that had never been repaired. It was just home.
Natasha did, true to her word, kick Sitwell off the roof. Clint remained nearly stone-faced through the haze of pain that Steve was sure he was living in. Steve wouldn’t have noticed anything it if he hadn’t been running missions with Clint for about a year, but Clint’s lips twitched when Sitwell shrieked as he fell.
Tony let out a faux-offended gasp, setting the injector aside and flicking up a schematic for the not-yet-built Mark 43. “
“Nothing is impossible,” Zola sneered. “Especially for Hydra.”
Stark, the only one left on the ground next to him, groaned and asked, “How are we supposed to get up there?”
“Well, they’ve definitely gotten chummy,” Clint observed from his perch on top of the counter. Tony had learned not to judge Clint on where he decided to plant himself, because a few days ago, the second day of their alternates’ visit, he had grouched about how Clint would scuff the armrests of the chairs if he kept sitting on them and the next day Clint had sat on top of the refrigerator. How he had gotten up there, Tony still didn’t know.
SHIELD came to the Tower, Alexander Pierce and Brock Rumlow heading the entourage. Natasha stood directly behind them, arms crossed, looking pissed off. Clint was nowhere to be found.
She didn’t react, only screaming something the lines of
The spaceship that he and Nebula had returned in was battered, completely devoid of resources, but it was
Steve was pretty sure at least of half of Natasha’s decisions were based on
“There is,” Natasha put in. “I spotted it in Zola’s notes, a weakness that he was afraid someone would exploit. I can write down the coordinates.”
Tony was sitting underneath a seldom-used table in his workshop, trying and failing to stop hyperventilating, when the door slid open.
Stark was a whole different box to unpack. He was skittish, quiet, while Tony was abrasive and loud. His words were bitterer than even Rogers’s, and if certain topics were brought up, especially by Rogers, his eyes would flash with such utter malice that Steve and Rogers would take a step back. His arc reactor was a different shape, protruding more than the circular one that Tony wore, and whenever Rogers stood close, he curled one hand towards it. Steve could have seen that as a move to protect the cracked ribs that Bruce had wrapped, but the only place that Stark ever protected was his chest, not his torso.
“Say it.” Bucky said again.
“Move” She said, picking up the TV remote and turning it off.
“Daddy is being very brave, so do you think you can be brave form Daddy as well, and brave for me and Peter?
“Emotions were never, um, never really my thing, but I have to agree with you and Steve.” Tony said, as holding back the tears. His baby had grown up, and he found himself looking towards Peter, longing that this moment never came with him as well. He pulled the whole room into a group hug, and let the tears freefall – for once he forgot the date, exactly 8 years since he was kidnapped.
"Yeah but Pete what exactly is a big mood!"
That was true. She was only 15 and he was 17, but she was determined not to let age get in the way. They had met back in 2012, and had been dating for two months. Clint had set them up, and they had been happy, but Natasha was desperate for her parents not to find out, they had only just become comfortable with Bruce when he came around to help Peter and Tony in the workshop, as Peter really admired the school star. They both went to midtown tech, and Bruce had almost become an older brother to Peter.
“Tony, calm, please just calm down.” Rhodey said, from the corner of the room. He was joined by Clint, who was so broken and full of worry, he couldn’t even speak.
But today there was no escaping it. Steve was taking him to school, and he was already in enough trouble. Steve had been called by the school about Peter’s lack of attendance, which was met with an hour long lecture from Steve, and several disapproving but understanding nods from Tony, but Natasha had barely batted an extended eyelash. Steve hung back as he watched Peter enter the school reluctantly, not wanting to cause a scene.
“This box of photos here.” Steve said over his shoulder, nodding his head towards a few large boxes, each with photo’s spilling out of them. Steve was very sentimental, which Tony loved. Tony was always so caught up in the moment, he forgot to capture it for later, but luckily, Steve was never without a camera.
“So, first question, who is the biggest Diva in the group?”
“He’s having a panic attack.” Someone confidently said. Peter opened his eyes for a second, and saw T’Challa, Drax, Mantis, a tree, a green lady, Quill, Sam, Bucky, Wanda, Vision and the man who had spoken all crouched or stood near him. It was Dr Strange who had spoken, and who was sitting directly opposite Peter.
“Oh boy” Captain America said. “This is gonna be a long 20 years!”
Ned: Okay I didn’t see your message before, and I’m really sorry, but I may have just told our whole class. And the year above. And below. And, well the whole school.
“None of your business” Natasha replied snarkily.
“Mr. Stark said go for your legs.” A muffled voice came from behind the mask. It seemed almost familiar, Cap thought to himself.
LOL so I didn't know what to write but now I've watched infinity war so I can write the next few chapters! This was just to keep you updated and also sort out some fluff with Peter and Tony!
Natasha just continued to stare at him in shock. “Peter what happened to you? How are you able to do, you know, that?”
“Ah yes, sorry about your little friend, we had to wipe his memory for him to be useful. Which he has been. “A voice with a thick Russian accent spoke.
I'm going on holiday for a week so I'm not sure if there is going to be another chapter for a while but don't worry! It'll come! As always, like and comment if you're enjoying the story!
“I put everything in your suit, including these heaters” Tony had been waiting for a chance to fully show off his tech to his son, so at least this could showcase some of it.
“Sure what’s up?” Tony said cheerfully, placing a kiss on Steve’s lips. Steve looked back at Natasha, now groping at the handle of Thor’s handle.
Peter desperately tried to follow his instructions, anything to take this feeling away. He couldn’t stand it. Eventually, he calmed himself down enough to actually manage a conversation with those around him who he didn’t know, and enough to start to comprehend what had happened to them all.
“A thank you would do”
Natasha ran her hand through a nearby blade of grass, lying on the ground looking up at the sky.
Steve continued to rummage in the box until he pulled out a photo of Natasha and Peter, both wearing the Stars and Striped outfits that the girls used to wear in Captain America’s old commercials. “Now this, needs to be burnt!” He declared, turning the photo so Tony could see it.
“Happily, Miss Romanoff”
“Mayb…” Peter started to reply, but was cut off by something pulling him out of the window. Suddenly, he was facing his Pops, Captain America himself.
“You said you wouldn’t be mad!”
“Sir, FRIDAY has been temporarily shut down.” Was all the information he got.
Tony looked up at his son’s concerned face, and felt a pang of guilt when he noticed a bruise forming on the side of his head.
Would she ever see her parent’s again? Her last memory of them was them fighting, they weren’t even fighting for a reason. Everyone had just starting arguing with each other and Bruce had nearly turned but now he had fully turned. The last thing she remembered her parent’s saying to one another was Tony telling Steve that “Everything he is was made in a bottle.” The comment was so cold and brutal, the whole room was taken aback.
“God you’re so boring stop moping!” A heavily accented voice interrupted her thoughts. Shuri, the Wakandan Princess, stood above her, hands on hips. “Come on! I have something to show you!”
Whispers began to be heard from the reporters, whispers of Tony Stark's secret family he kept talking about in interviews, that this must be his daughter. Her identity was out, but that was nobody's priority right now.
“Yeah… I think so… hey everyone.” Peter’s voice caused the whole room to turn towards him. After a stunned moment of silence, the whole room descended on him, smothering him with hugs and kisses.
“Yeah okay I’m getting bored now. Underoos!” Tony yelled, bringing his hands up to his mouth like he was trying to amplify his already loud voice.
Dressed in a simple blue suit, he walked confidently behind his parents as they walked out on stage, the audience going wild. Natasha followed behind, wearing a black jumpsuit, and sat down next to Tony.
MJ: Nah Tony says he is a genius so it can’t be our Pete 
“Seriously Nat, he is older than you as well!”
“Natasha!” Tony shouted as a hole opened up in the floor right under where she was standing. Loki had escaped, and Clint and the minions were blowing up the Heli carrier.
Hearing the trigger words, FRIDAY said “I am calling your parents. They will be here in an hour.”
Tony chuckled. This was his life now, and he couldn’t be happier. Natasha had small wisps of dark brown hair, clearly taking after him in that sense, but took after Steve in the colour of her eyes. Tony didn’t mind who she took after, but secretly he hoped she would take after Cap more than him, Steve’s caring nature was something Tony had always envied, and was his sexiest quality in his opinion. This little being in his arms depended on him, and he vowed to never let her down.
“Previously on Peter screws the pooch” the familiar sarcastic voice could be heard saying. “I tell you to stay away from this but instead you hack a multimillion dollar suit so you can sneak around behind my back doing the one thing I told you not to do.” The anger and annoyance was clear, Tony didn’t even try to hide it.
MJ: OMG.
Almost on cue, the baby cooed contently, like she approved the name. Natasha looked even smaller than a normal infant in Steve’s huge muscular arms as she stretched slightly, opening her big blue eyes to stare directly up into her Pops’ eyes, a slight smile crossing her lips.
“Forever.”
“This takes precedence” Came the blunt reply.
“Oh no you don’t.” Tony whispered. “FRIDAY, rocket.” Tony ordered.
“I was disabled, but have now looked for the location of Miss Romanoff and Mr Parker. I have found no trace.”
This was going to be a long night.
“How was your first day at school Peter?” Steve asked when in the car, looking back at the light brown haired boy.
“Pete, I just said I don’t have a lot of time. We are going away. I don’t know where but we are. I need you to do something for me.”
“Hey Cap, I’ve got eyes on the quinjet. Let’s go” Bucky’s voice could be heard over the comms.
“Look let me just explain myself…” Natasha started.
Peter: Really want to but not feeling too great 
WOOOOOOOPPP I'm back! Sorry I couldn't post in a while but I only just got back from holiday - which was very nice! This chapter is shorter than I hoped but ya know. Hope you enjoy!
“I don’t care” Tony said after a pause. “He killed my mom and hurt my kids.”
“Woah Peter come and look at these freaky ass spiders. Ignore Flash you know he is just jealous.” Ned said, pulling him over to a glass case filled with blue and red spiders.
“Just. Go. Make it right.”
“Okay, you do what you want. Pete, can I ask you a massive favour?” Natasha asked quietly, looking straight ahead and avoiding eye contact.
“I know…” Steve said dreamily as he stared into the baby’s eyes. “Did we ever actually decide on a name?”
Peter began to slowly let go of the ceiling, and proceeded to back-flip off the wall and landed perfectly, standing up in amazement. “Woah. Now that, was totally awesome”
“Oh God, how did it get this far?” Steve thought to himself, as he walked down the halls of the airport, alarm’s ringing in his ear. He knew the only way out of this was to fight, to get to the quinjet and stop Zemo before he brainwashed other super-soldiers. Why couldn’t Tony just understand that! Steve donned his iconic Captain America suit, pulling the helmet over his head and sliding his arm easily into the shield, and walked towards the runways where Tony was already standing.
Tony immediately sprang into action, quickly deploying one of his suits to Peter’s location, hoping to God that it would get there fast enough. And it did.
“Hey, you know you loved it”
Peter nodded earnestly.
Steve kissed the top of her head protectively, and Bucky wrapped a comforting arm around her shoulders, but she barely moved, still focused on the Black Panther behind them.
“I got desperate okay?”
“Ten more minutes? That’s not enough time!” Peter thought, as he quickly sprinted to the next exhibition. “Ned come here look at this!”
Again I'm not incredibly happy with how this chapter is written, as it is more focused on action rather than the relationships. I promise more fluff next chapter!
Okay so I'm not a big boaster or anything but I can honestly say that this has been my best chapter yet. I actually cried so much while writing this it's unbelievable! I hope you enjoyed the chapter but I don't really think it's possible to enjoy it cus it's so sad...
“I’m sorry Pops, I have to.” She replied, staring at the ground, ashamed.
“Woah he’s big now” Peter muttered under his breath towards the camera, which was still filming. “Hold on.”
Natasha braced herself, and began to speak. “From today, my brother and I have started our new and improved lives. We are happy to be starting our correct upbringing. Hail Hydra…” Her voice trailed off as she spoke the last two words.
11 Year old super agent Natasha gets a call which changes her life, and exposes her identity.
Peter: Sorry guys I really have to go
“Yeah Mr. Stark?” Peter replied, looking up from his invention.
Cap finds out about Peter...
Sorry for the chapter being so short! I was writing this as a substitute for not being able to write again for a while, but don't worry, I've got a load of plot points for new chapters!
This chapter focused more on Natasha than I meant it to, but the next one is all Peter/Tony I promise! As always Like and Comment if you enjoyed the new update!
“Er, um, ummmmm. You do?” Came Peter’s hesitant reply.
“Why?” Peter asked
"What happened to your top?"
“I don’t know okay! I don’t know what will happen!” Tony admitted.
“Uncle Bucky!” She yelled, looking directly at her old friend, practically screaming again. The response she got was not the one he was expecting.
“Yeah you keep saying. Come on. Let’s go.”
“I love this – getting the lowdown on all the avengers!” The presenter said, a large smile on her face. “Who is most likely to die by doing something stupid?”
MJ: The Sky
Peter broke the moment completely, piping up from underneath Natasha’s and Tony’s arms. “This is so awesome! Now I get to see Bruce all the time!”
“I just can’t believe you actually joined in and dressed up. I’m still surprised you knew the words!” Tony laughed.
Peter: Ned have you watched the new Star Wars?
The words cut deep into Tony’s brain. He hadn’t been there enough for it son, and he knew it. He was becoming like his father. He was so preoccupied with his own grief at loosing Cap and Nat that he had hardly stopped to think about Peter. He had taken Peter for granted, and the guilt hit him hard. “I did listen kid.” His tone softening a little. “Who do you think called the cops?” He asked as he stepped out of his suit.
“So another one. Do you think we can cope” Tony laughed.
“I need to go. I need to see Bucky. He’ll understand.” Steve said, making his way towards the front door.
“I’m not going to sign those bloody accords Tony!” Cap’s shouts could be heard throughout the compound.
“You have to come home now.” She said, starting to pull him up by his shoulders, struggling to lift the dead weight.
“I’ve got my own homework to do now Pete, ughhhh kill me. Psychology!” she moaned, a bored look on her face as she headed across the spacious hallway into her own room. Soon enough the load music began to play and the door slammed. Typical 15 year old.
“I got a video of it somewhere…” Peter said, slowly pulling out his phone and opening his gallery. “Here”
“Really well, ever since we were both born. They are like our massive family, and we love them to bits!” Natasha answered with the same energy as Peter.
“Peter Parker?”  A female voice cut off the 5 year old before he could reply. “You need to go to the principal’s office right away.”
“Huh?”
All of the Avengers stood in the line, each of their faces clearly showing the lack of sleep and anxious worry they were all experiencing.
Infinity war...
“Let’s have another.” Steve said definitely. Before Tony could talk, Steve blurted “I know a woman, May Parker. She is willing to be a surrogate and she says its okay and technically if we just got the sciencey stuff sorted we could have another now?” Steve rambled.
“Hey, Kid. Yeah we all know who you are.” Sam yelled back, struggling to move his arms due to the vast amounts of webbing covering them.
“Go.” Natasha almost whispered, still aiming her weapon at T’Challa.
“Call you dad again? Yeah I think I’d like that.” Tony pulled Peter into him for a quick but meaningful hug.
“Go away brother!” Shuri shouted, entering her lab with Natasha and slamming the door shut behind her.
“I’m in the middle of an interrogation this moron is giving me everything.” She could already feel the long talk with Steve approaching due to her choice of words. Moron was enough to have stern words about her language. Sometimes it really sucked having a Dad from the 1930s.
Rage took over Tony’s senses, as he sung a punch towards his husband, repeatedly smashing his face with his iron suit fist. Bucky grabbed his shoulders and pulled him off Steve, landing a few punches on Tony’s face in the process. The fight was heavy, with blows being exchanged on both sides. Though it was two against one, Tony was still looking as if he would emerge victorious. But once Tony was distracted, Steve and Bucky tried to make their escape.
“No please… don’t”
“Do you think that we could go in the lab today and work on my new toy car?” He asked. He loved working in the lab with Tony, it was one of his favourite things to do, and it the time in the lab was theirs. They were a team, and no one could deny that.
Peter knew this was his opportunity. He could finally show his dad up with his knowledge of the internet, including the memes Natasha had been sending him, which had been secretly conveying her location. Such a 20th century thing to do!
Bucky was killing his parents.
Ned: And you’re always hanging around that Natasha girl. Hasn’t she got two Dads as well? And you do look very alike…
The rest of the interview went by smoothly, with funny anecdotes and secrets about family life being revealed.
“Natasha, Barton’s been compromised.”
“Hill, get Vision on the phone, I have an idea.” Fury said, beginning to type on the illuminated screen on his right.
Peter: Hey guys what’s up?
Peter nodded again
Steve on the other hand, walked up the stairs to find Peter and Natasha. Opening the door to Natasha’s room, he saw loads of paper sprawled over her king sized bed, a laptop half open, also on the bed, and her cat, Nala, curled up in one corner of the room, clearly not being able to fit on the bed due to the mess and lack of space, but no Natasha. Natasha and Tony were so alike in the way they worked, plans and paper everywhere. Leaving Natasha’s room, he quickly moved along into Peter’s room, which was a whole of a lot tidier. His dog, Rufus, sat whimpering under the open window, but no Peter.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Wait until we get home young Lady"
Peter is forced to go to school, where he gains some unwanted attention.
Steve had avoided Natasha, not wanting to have to fight his own daughter. He was furious at Tony for getting her involved, but she was here, and there wasn’t anything he could do about it. All he could do was fight the next person who got in his way. That person just so happened to be the new kid on the block. Spiderman. Steve threw some weak punches, but the kid almost beat him. He knew he had to step it up when suddenly his legs were swept from underneath him, pulled away by some strange sort of webbing.
Shoving Tony off him, Steve ran towards the hangar. Tony instantly became distracted by Peter, who was filming everything.
“Are you okay? Your face is slightly bruised.”
“I’ve never been able to do this before. I feel different, like something changed today. I felt really ill earlier, and I have a lump on my neck here and”
“Wow. That’s… that’s amazing Pete. You’re a genius. I was 20 when I first created JARVIS, Pete you’re only 15… Pete do you mind if we lose the Mr.Stark?”
“Wait What?!”
“What were you thinking?” Tony finally let some of his worry show in his voice.
“yes Sir, I’m sorry I understand…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your actress friend, she a spy too? They start that young?” He said. He had a nice voice, soft and gentle, completely the opposite to what she knew he could become.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony, any idea where the kids are?” Steve yelled.
“Hello Sir” FRIDAYS voice was heard throughout the compound.
“Bruce? Seriously? He tried to kill you Natasha! He put you in the hospital!” Steve yelled, dragging the two teenagers apart.
“What? Tell me!”
“WELL I CHANGED MY MIND”
“No thanks to me? Those weapons are out there and I tried to tell you about it but you didn’t listen.” Peter’s voice wavered, as if he was on the edge of tears. “None of this would have happened if you just listened to me!” Peter almost shouted those last two words in Tony’s face. He was frustrated and angry at himself, he couldn’t help it. “If you even cared you’d actually be here.”
“Hey PENIS.” Flash yelled from the top of the steps, causing Peter’s spidey-senses to go wild. “You a puff like your dad now?” He asked condescendingly.
Tony’s face was unreadable as the CCTV footage flashed before his eyes. His parents. And Bucky. What was happening? What was Bucky doing? Suddenly it dawned on him.
A heavy silence filled the aircraft, until her voice broke the quietness.
“Peter…” Natasha said, wide eyed looking up at him. “Why are you on the ceiling?”
The end fight scene from Civil war but with some unexpected spectators.
“Hi Home I’m Tony.” Peter struggled to contain his groan at the awful Dad joke, but Tony shot him a look as if to say “we haven’t finished talking.”
“Yeah Pete, you make it really obvious.” Bucky added.
Steve stood up, brushing himself off. “I could go all day.” He replied, staring his husband directly in the eye.
Natasha needs a favour from Peter, but it backfires.
“Who the hell is Bucky?”
“Please just listen to me! I know it’s scary that I’m in a relationship, and that I’m not a little girl anymore, but you’re just going to have to DEAL WITH IT! I’m not 6 anymore, you don’t have to hold my hand all the time I can look after myself, and when I’m with Bruce I can be myself, and not this child who you expect me to be!” Natasha shouted, tears streaming down her face. Bruce pulled her into him protectively, and both Tony and Steve felt a pang of pain as the hug reminded them of the many protective hugs they had given her over the years. “You can let go of me now – I’m grown up. You have to stop thinking that you can control every aspect of my life!”
“I’m sorry!” She shouted back into the hole at her parents. “Please just stabilise the ship I can handle it! I, I love you both so much.” She almost whispered as she turned to face the giant green rage monster. He threw a punch, and she barely dodged it. He continued to throw more punches, until she could no longer avoid them and was sent flying into a desk. The pain overrode her brain, and for a split second she blacked out, hearing the blood rush to her head, and then drain almost immediately and rush to a different part of her body. She looked down at her leg, the bone now poking through her skin and gushing blood. How did this happen?
“This bitch empty. YEET!” Peter yelled, throwing the can across the room, hitting one of Tony’s robots in the process.
Peter: Yeah guys I have to go sorry…
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well… everyone thinks you’re a badass, but actually you listen to 70s music and love history… so… I’d say that was pretty different from the usual ass kicking”
“He’s in here. Wh-wha-what I could pick up anyway.” A fresh wave of tears soaked the cheeks of all three of them.
Tony sat in complete silence as the remains of the alien spaceship flew through space. Nebula sat opposite him, expressionless and emotionless as usual, except if Tony looked closely, her eyes were full of tears, almost waiting for the correct moment for the mechanics to allow them to spill onto her purple and blue cheeks. He had watched alien after person fade to dust on Titan, and the loss of all of them created a gaping hole in his belly, filling him with grief and sorrow, and, though it was unlike Tony to wear his emotions on his face, it was evidently obvious that the losses had taken their toll.
“These genetically mutated spiders have super strength, a faster healing ability, intinuative senses which alert them of danger, and of course all the normal spider characteristics.” The voice from the recording rang out. “At the moment, we are testing them for genetic rewritting where they will be able to bind those enhanced genes with human genetics, creating a new race of hybrids. However, this project had to be scrapped due to low levels of success. A bite from one of these is fatal, and will kill you in the first half an hour of being bitten, so I would advise you to keep your hands to yourself. Here at Oscorp, we…” The voice continued, only to be cut off by the ending of the video.
“Sir, the targeting systems are faulty, it won’t work.”
Little bit shorter than I meant it to be today! Sorry...
Peter notices some strange changes after a trip to Oscorp Laboratories
“Is that, Dad?” She asked no one in particular. She felt muscular arms pull her tightly into a hug, and immediately tensed, thinking it was one of the invading aliens, but relaxed again once she realised it was only Steve. “Pops what is it what’s wrong?”
“Okay kids, 10 more minutes and then back on the bus” His teacher called out.
“Bucky? Is that… no… it can’t be” Wanda’s voice appeared behind Bucky. She quickly joined the hug, whispering reassuring words in Peter’s ears, but Peter couldn’t focus on her words. His breath caught in his throat, and suddenly he couldn’t breathe anymore. The words around him became distorted and he couldn’t focus on anyone’s face, his vision had become blurred. He tried to speak, but no sound came out, and it felt like a giant hand was pushing down on his chest, making it tighter and tighter, until it would explode. Black spots danced around his eyes but the tears continued to roll down his cheeks, fat, wet and hot.
“Peter Rodgers-Stark. You are one of the most beautiful things I have seen in my life.” Tony almost whispered at the baby. “Remember that the fake name is Parker, like the surrogate mother, like Natasha’s is Romanoff”
“Peter, calm down. It’s okay, it’s okay. It’s not okay! You’re on the ceiling!”
Steve smiled, glancing back at his daughter, soon to be a sister, laughing at how she picked the shoelaces of Nick Fury and placed them into her mouth. Cute, but not very hygienic. Steve keeps laughing until he notices her reach for something, an Iron man fist. His super-fast reflexes fly into action as he lunges towards her, pushing the hand out of her way.
Peter: NO NED YOU CAN’T! My Dad’s tried to keep my identity hidden for as long as they could, along with Natasha’s as well. It puts us at risk. We wouldn’t be able to leave the house without a heavily armed team.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter! I'm going to try and upload on Monday, but I'm not promising anything! As always, Like and comment if you like the story or have any suggestions!
“There should have been 14.” Peter replied, as a dead silence hit the room. “Natasha, I’m scared…”
“And I wanted you to be better.” The harsh words rung in Peter’s ears. Tony immediately regretted saying them, god he sounded just like his father. Peter’s face nearly killed him, a mixture of hurt and regret, and Tony couldn’t hold his disappointed gaze for long. His heart broke when Peter looked away, no longer able to bare the cold, harsh glare from his father. “Okay it’s not working out I’m gonna need the suit back.”
Peter blocked out the tour guide and took out his phone to start recording for his vlog. Admittedly it didn’t get many views, as nerdy teenagers geeking out over science doesn’t exactly have a large demographic. But as he did, he felt a slight movement of the back of his neck, but paid little attention to it, until a sharp stinging sensation begun at the base of his neck.
“Daddy has been taken away for a while by some bad men, but he will find a way out and I am sending all of the avengers, including uncle Rhodey, to find him. All except one…” He trailed off as he felt Bucky walk into the room, ready to surprise his favourite niece from behind.
The 15 and 17 year old bounced down the stairs, Rufus trailing behind, tail wagging. “We’re taking Rufus out for a bit. See ya later!” Peter yelled, throwing the back door open and entering the garden. But even from the garden they could still see the obvious signs of an argument between their parents. Tony had his hands crossed and Steve was stood away from him, his shoulder’s pulled back as if trying to make himself bigger. However, one by one, the other members of the avenger’s filed into the large living room, some waving to the children playing in the garden, some just sitting down, ready for business. Clint however, abandoned the formalities expected of him and ran out the door, joining Nat and Peter.
“A couple of years. It’s nothing. Honestly. It’s never been that bad before” Peter said, almost ashamed.
“Done” Nat said after a brief hesitation. “But not a word to Dad or Pops.”
MJ: Peter, just tell us the truth. Are you or are you not related to Captain America and Iron Man?
“No I won’t leave you alone I need to be here right now” Steve started to say, but stopped himself when he saw the stubborn expression on Nat’s face. “Okay okay. I’ll go!” Almost glad. He needed to see his husband safe again, not only for the sake of the kids, but for his sake too.
“Fine. I’ll eyeball it.” The iron mask retracted from Tony’s face, giving him a chance to glance down at the figure of his husband, or ex-husband now, several feet below him on the ground, shield still in hand. Firing at the roof of the bunker, Tony hit his mark and the roof came swinging down, trapping the three of them inside. Tony grabbed Bucky, dragging him down to the floor.
“I SHOULD BLOODY WELL HOPE YOU CAN!”
“NATASHA!” another voice shouted from even further away. Tony’s face crumpled when he saw her leg and the bruises on her face, and immediately gathered all the avenger’s together, except the Hulk of course, and assigned them with different ways of helping Natasha.
“Hello, Hello, Hello! Oooo I’m so excited to meet you two, looking very lovely I must say!” Ellen said, directly addressing the kids. “You’ve caused a storm on the internet. Everyone loves you!” This point was reinforced by the loud cheers and wooping from the audience.
“WHAT!” Steve yelled, causing Peter to cringe backwards.
“Ah. Here you all are.” The familiar low, husky voice said. It didn’t need saying, they all knew who it was. “Now. I have something special lined up for those who fought against me. I think you’ll love it.” The purple Titan emerged from a cloud of fog, and gestured towards each of the avengers. 11 doors appeared, each with a name etched above it.
“You forgot me.” The green lady, whose name was Gamora which Peter found out, said, staring Thanos directly in the eye.
“You’re seriously gonna take his side? After what he did? He hurt our kids Cap! How can you trust him, more than me?” The hurt clear in Tony’s voice.
“Where to?” She asked tentatively, a stark contrast to her usually rage filled voice.
“Here we have our 14 genetically mutated spiders. These…”
He knew he had heard that voice before. He had heard that voice so many times he almost kicked himself for not recognising it.
“Pops, what’s happened to Daddy? I know something is wrong and that you’re sad.” Nat said bluntly.
“This accords thing? I saw them on Dad’s desk so of course I had a look. They are trying to reduce the power of the avengers, something about reducing civilian loses? I didn’t have much time to have a look” Natasha replied, eyes still glued to the two men arguing.
“Leave us alone Flash, no one here is scared of you.” Came the bored reply from MJ, one of Peter’s two only friends. He wasn’t like Natasha or his dads, he wasn’t popular, but he didn’t mind it. Peter glanced over his shoulder and shot a look of thanks over to MJ, but her head was already back in her book.
Ned: OMG
“I never even got to see him.” Natasha mumbled under her breath.
The butt of an AR hitting her head caused Natasha to finally stop screaming, and as the black bag was pulled off her head she struggled to keep the tears in. A man yelled at her in Russian and forced a sign into her hands, forcing her to look directly into a camera pointed at her face. Peter was sat right next to her, head bowed, a large black eye forming.
“No – He’ll probably go ahead and sue Oscorp, and then find a way to take away my powers. And I don’t want that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The barrage of questions were never ending. “Who is looking after Peter?” Natasha asked, breaking her dad’s rush of questions.
“Now, you carry the 3 over to the other side of the equation by subtracting it from both sides. There you got it! Now the equation stands at Y=-3. And there you go, you’ve just solved an equation!”
Peter: It’s awesome
Both men opened their mouths to start to talk, but before they could, a screen flashed, and all attention was brought to the prison cell camera, in which was Loki, slowly laughing to himself, as he if knew he was going to win.
“Steve!” Sam’s deep voice sounded almost comical due to the amount of happiness in it.
Wakanda was a mess. It was clear a great battle had happened there, as the broken trees and the great rocks which appeared to be spaceships still remained, though it was apparent that the actual fighting had finished long ago. When the wreck alien aircraft landed in a clearing in the woods, it took Tony at least an hour to muster up the courage to walk out of the spaceship. He couldn’t walk out and face the fact that maybe Steve and Nat didn’t survive either. Maybe none of the avengers did. But, nevertheless he stepped out, the sun blinding him. There was Natasha, staring at him with such love and pain, Tony couldn’t help himself but sweep her into a bear hug and bury his face in her hair. She had grown, both physically and mentally. She was 18 now, but in her broken state she just reminded him of the sweet baby he once cooed over, the child he soothed over a grazed knee, the hugs he gave when he finally returned from work trips, and Steve. She reminded him of Steve.
“Why don’t you just give up!” Tony yelled.
“Um. Okay. Yeah Pops. It’s me” Peter said reluctantly.
“Woah, Dad. I don’t know what to say…” Peter replied, running his hand over the fabric of the suit, admiring the tech and the way it conformed to the ridges of his newfound muscles.
“You weren’t wearing that when you left”
“Pete you’re 13. You’re not old enough to be dealing with that sort of thing by yourself. I’m telling the head.”
“Um, Pete?”
“Natasha, Nat can you hear me? She’s not conscious Tony get help!” She heard Steve say, but his voice sounded distant and far off, almost as if she was underwater. “Kid stay with me okay?” The worry was obvious in his voice, she was only 11, and sometimes even he forgot that.
“What?”
Hey everyone so this story is nearly done! I hope you've all enjoyed it and of course I am open to new ideas for new stories.
“Oh my God!” Natasha whispered as she looked down at the tiny thing in her hand. “Thank you so much!” she said, pulling both Steve and Tony into a hug.
“Oh he’s just in his room. We were watching a scary film, and so his panic levels triggered the call. Sorry guys!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony you have to listen!” Steve said, dodging punches. “He was under Hydra’s control.”
“Ouchhhhhh” he groaned as his hand flew to the cause of the sensation. He felt a small lump under his skin, and worry immediately flew to his mind. “Yep. I’m gonna die. This is it.” He thought, quickly calming himself back down. “It’s probably nothing” He thought, but an ounce of worry still remained.
Natasha quickly interrupted before Peter could let anything slip. “I’m not sure. He seems like a good guy but the Avengers is dangerous and I wouldn’t want him to get hurt. We all agree on that.”
“If you were here with us today Pete, you would be 16. You would be becoming a man!” Nat chuckled as a slow tear rolled along her face. “Happy birthday kid.”
“Little one… you didn’t deserve one.” It was strange to hear such soft and caring words coming out of such an evil mouth, and in Peter’s confusion, he found himself back at the Stark compound, in his old bedroom directly across from Natasha.
why I’m gonna kill you first.”
Natasha frowned down at her hands, then looked over at the girl, crumpled next to the boy—Pietro. “How do you know it was real?”
“What?”
No one could ever know any of that now. How hard he’d worked. How perfect he was.
He had been honest-to-God
I was upset when I first learned what happened. But after I had a chance to think it through…” he held up his hands in a
“It already had a hand in bringing Stark and Rogers to our timeline,” Thor said gravely. “It’s an Infinity Stone: both it and the Tesseract are capable of destroying this half of the galaxy with no trouble.”
Clint let out a whispered curse as he studied one of the security feeds. Steve went on. “HYDRA is launching their new helicarriers today, and if we let them launch, millions of people could die,” and here, he took a long breath. “The Avengers are scattered. We lost Iron Man yesterday, and God knows we could use his help now. But I don’t have Iron Man. All I have is you guys.
They had already had this confirmed by their future selves: Stark and Rogers, quietly describing the destruction of half the known universe. And Thor himself, brutally injured, almost unrecognizable, telling him Loki was dead and to ask his father about a woman named Hela. Thor had not had a chance to get an answer from Odin: when he asked before the siege by Svartalfheim, the king had gone deathly pale and promptly fallen into the Odinsleep.
“Okay,” Steve breathed, and he rested his forehead on Tony’s. “Okay.”
Stark’s voice suddenly came over the comms, but the man lying next to him hadn’t moved. “Guys, come on, you’re killing me here. Thor, big guy, I
“Okay,” Stark repeated, a bit of wryness twisting his words. “Take care of yourself.”
Steve looked over at the girl, studied her delicate features. And at the same time, he and Tony said, “I recognize her.”
“The helicarriers,” Natasha breathed, looking at Clint. “The files that Fury couldn’t access. Pierce met with the WSC after Fury terminated Insight. What if…”
Despite the legitimate hilarity of their situation, Tony interrupted. “Here’s how it works, Meryl Streep. You tell him where Pepper is and he stops doing it.”
“It’s been a pleasure, Mr. Stark,” Pierce said, almost
clapping his hands together in apparent mirth, although the smile didn’t get close to reaching his eyes.
The man suddenly looked affronted, as though Thor should have known his name amongst thousands of other Asgardian warriors. “I’m Skurge,” he insisted, which still explained nothing. “We fought together on Vanaheim.”
Thor knew something was wrong.
Loki searched Thor’s eyes for a moment, and it seemed monumental even though it lasted a mere second. Like Loki was seeing something that Thor never had, never could.“Why now?”
Tony sat up, looking Steve square in the eyes. “Steve,” he said firmly, taking both of his hands. “Believe me when I say this: I understand how important he is to you. And I understand that HYDRA tortured him until he forgot himself. So I want to help. Both for his sake, and mine, and to tell HYDRA to go fuck itself.”
Tony pressed a fist to his mouth and tried desperately not to cry. He hadn’t had the guts to try and speak to JARVIS his entire time at the Tower. Even after all these years, with Vision using JARVIS’s voice and some of his behaviors, his wound was still raw.
Thor—or alternate Thor, Steve supposed, as their Thor had accompanied them—had landed on a street a few blocks from the Tower. They set out on foot, all eight of them. Not in uniform, and while they normally would have been recognized, these streets were still mostly closed off. The rain of aliens and terror had subdued New York City for nine days. It wouldn’t last much longer.
“Works every time,” he remarked idly to Natasha as Sam, looking impressive in his goggles and metal wings, dumped Sitwell back on the roof, spewing pleas and platitudes.
“What?” Rogers asked blankly, clearly caught off guard by the rapid change in subject. Stark continued, undaunted.
“Nobody is doing anything yet,” Bruce interrupted, ducking out from a storage container to give them a stern glance. He also looked terrible: pale and sweaty, practically buried in that sweater of his. But he was putting on a strong face for the rest of them, which Steve could firmly appreciate. “Right now, we’re gonna get Clint back to base, and
There was a code green, because of course there was. Tony’s heart ached for Bruce, the man who had only wanted to do good and thought that
They lost Sam halfway through, but when Steve managed to get to his feet, Bucky was holding a grenade launcher. Steve shoved Natasha out of the way and took it square on the shield.
“And then, boo-hoo, my friends died. Well guess what, Rogers, we all lost someone.
Stark was absolutely furious. And for the life of him, Steve couldn’t figure out why.
took in the Chitauri leviathan hanging above their heads. Its beady eyes had apparently remained intact despite the Hulk’s best efforts, and it lorded over them like it knew something they didn’t.
Rogers had made a move to interrupt, but he sat back in his seat, eyes flashing.
“They don’t look hostile, Cap,” Hawkeye confirmed. Steve didn’t know Clint well enough to trust him fully, especially after being freed from Loki’s mind control only a few hours prior, but Natasha’s faith in him reassured him a little. “And Thor’s right—it looks like you two.”
“From the future?” The other Stark interrupted easily. “I mean, you got a better idea?”
He took a moment to take inventory of his injuries: nothing broken, maybe a few bruises and minor cuts. Overall, not bad at all, all things considered.
“Well, we did lose!” Stark raged, and Steve felt his lips part. What had happened? How had they
The girl was awake, her eyes positively glowing with fury. Her eyes were fixed on Tony. She curled her hands together and flung another magical blast at the glass. Nothing happened.
Tony breathed deep and looked to the drawing hung on the far wall. “Okay,” he said after a moment. “We’ll just have to try something else then, won’t we?”
“Bye, Aaron McComb,” Tony blurted at the same time as Stark said, “Bye, Michael 8.”
“At this moment, the body is trying to decide whether to accept Extremis or just give up,” Killian mused, a smarmy grin fixed onto his face as though he hadn’t just infected one of Tony’s best friends with Extremis. “And if it does give up, I have to say, the detonation is quite spectacular. But until that point, it’s really just a lot of pain.”
Natasha dipped her head. “That’s... very brave of you.”
Tony Stark, wasn’t him. He was an outsider. An imposter.
“Yes,” Steve said, “but you didn’t.”
too many bad experiences with Pietro Maximoff’s pranks, because by
“Please be a secret door, please be a secret door,” Tony pleaded to himself, approaching the wall with both hands outstretched. When he pushed it, it gave way with a grinding complaint. “Yay!”
“Oh, yeah, probably,” the archer agreed amicably. “But Steve loses either way.”
“And you love me for it,” Tony said without thinking, then froze. He felt his cheeks heat up, but Steve didn’t seem to notice. He just said, “Yeah, yeah,” and went back to playing keep-away with DUM-E.
Two suits later and a few burns later, Killian had his arm in a death grip, staring gleefully with glowing orange eyes, dragon tattoos fully exposed. “Here we are, on the roof,” he said, as though there were just meeting back up after Tony took a raincheck on their first meeting. He refrained from saying so, however, when Killian’s expression turned mutinous in the blink of an eye, and he raised a white-hot hand.
“And got electrocuted,” Natasha allowed.
“No,” Tony attempted to protest, but it was of no use. That was one of the downsides to dating Captain America: contests of physical strength weren’t exactly
Tony felt cold, mind-numbing fury build up in his core. Killian jumped down, bones flaring white in his legs before mending themselves in an instant.
The rest of the people stood behind them, and most of them were impossible to make out, as their faces had been violently X-ed out. The woman in front and the red man had received similar treatment. There were a few that were spared: a bald woman with a blue-and-silver face, a legitimate raccoon wearing some sort of outfit, a woman with sandy hair in red and blue. But the sheer amount of scribbled-out faces was astonishing in itself.
Steve stared at Sam. He had clearly underestimated him: while he really liked the pararescue vet, he hadn’t thought that there was that much of a brain behind him. He was clearly wrong.
“The House Party Protocol, sir?” JARVIS asked carefully.
“This isn’t the first time I’ve had to learn how to speak a language properly,” Thor said, sounding mildly affronted. “The Allspeak isn’t universal, I can still adapt.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Spill.”
Tony blasted the man’s head through and tried not to think of burned-out lungs and nebulae in distant space.
He came right up to Tony’s face, and the only thing he could think was
Tony flipped over the file, and the black Sharpie that had bled through the thin paper gave him the final clue he needed. Rhodey was in Pakistan for a reason that Tony couldn’t fathom, and he ignored the distant pain in his chest because the last time Tony had died, Rhodey hadn’t rested until he found Tony, and this time he was flying missions for the Air Force.
“It’s okay, Clint,” Steve said, not sure exactly how much the archer could hear. “It’s not your fault.”
The only original member missing was Thor, and next to the only five that Steve recognized was a woman in red leathers, something swirling around her hands. A man with a cape over his shoulders and short-cropped hair, his figure smudged, stood next to Tony’s image. Another man in an Iron Man suit that Steve recognized as Colonel Rhodes, Tony’s best friend, stood on the other side of the group next to a man with apparently red skin.
“I agree with Bruce,” said Steve, who was apparently joining in.
“No secrets,” Rogers said, still speaking to Steve. “I don’t want to hear anything about any mishaps.”
“It’s the metal suit,” Thor informed him, his normally-booming voice tinny over the SHIELD comms. “What did Stark call it—Iron Man?”
“What did you do to stop him?”
“Don’t worry about it, Tony. I’m leaving in about an hour. I heard Miss Potts come in, but I can hold off on telling her that you’re awake if…”
but he was quite insistent that Tony be worried that Killian was showing her
Steve reached the command room, nodding briefly at Clint, who was perched on top. The bug that Hawkeye had secured to the window alerted him to the attempt to start the engines, but then violence over Natasha’s comms quickly dispelled that worry.
“Steve—” Hill began, but Clint interrupted her.
“Yeah, man,” Clint said. He’d stopped fiddling with the arrow. “Yeah, it is.”
Tony groaned exaggeratedly. “I can’t believe you’re me. That was terrible.”
“Oh, and this next bit might include the vice president as well,” Trevor said cheerfully. “Is that… is that important?”
“You do that,” Tony told him, his adrenaline finally beginning to fade. He waited until Barnes was nearly gone from the room before he called, “hey, look… Steve really missed you, but I told him to lay off you until you were ready. So just… thank you for coming home.”
“The Infinity Stones have been lost to time,” Thor countered. “The only one here is the Tesseract, and there’s no possibility—”
Sam put his hands up in surrender, looking a little flustered at his apparent gaffe to an alien prince.
Clint interrupted, looking an inch from shooting the screen. “Whee, Winter Soldier, Project Insight, yahoo.” He waved his hands around unenthusiastically in the universal gesture for
I know you, Stark,
Dark blades, black and green. Fire and destruction, bursting through Asgard’s gates and devouring the planet whole. Gungnir, snapped in two before a broken throne. A hand, stretched towards his face, glowing with the colors of Infinity—
“She can’t get through that,” Tony said shakily, not untangling himself from Steve. “Even Loki couldn’t. Still, though… JARVIS?”
He tried to roll into a good landing, but his leg protested fiercely and then gave way. He ended up sprawled awkwardly along the glass bottom, practically a walking red-white-and-blue target, with a clear view of the ocean starting to become sprinkled with glaciers.
Stark waved a hand in dismissal. “It’ll just take a few days, there, Kal-El, okay? You can take it back as soon as I’m done. For right now, I’m pretty sure you can stick Reindeer Games in… I built the cold-storage vault already, right?”
which means that she was probably trying to do that to me. They look half-starved, too—this can't have been going on long.”
“I’m here,” Thor said from behind Steve, startling him enough that he jerked away from the entrance. “What’s…” he caught sight of the mangled Iron Man suit, and his gaze hardened. “Who needs to meet Mjolnir?”
get me a date,” Steve told her, and was rewarded with an “
Killian waxed poetic about
Tony laughed a little, but it didn’t sound happy—there were tear tracks tracing his face. Steve reached out a hand to wipe them away, but his fingers felt thick and clumsy and he totally missed. Tony caught the hand in his own and continued. “Steve, stay with me. Clint, I need evac now—”
Next to him, Steve’s Thor stopped short.
“I believe Agent Romanoff gave you a compliment, sir.”
Thor looked up abruptly from where he was sat in a chair near Clint’s bed. It was Steve who had spoken, but the entire team was staring at him, even Clint, who had a gash torn into his side and who should definitely be the center of attention right then, not Thor.
Natasha snapped, standing abruptly from her chair. Thor stopped. Blinked.
Blinding pain in his head erupted, turned his vision white, and Tony crumpled around the sound of Steve’s shout of “
to let everything boil to the surface. He had been holding it together the entire time they’d been here, and Steve could see that now.
“Don’t let them get off-track,” Natasha warned, smirking. The alcohol had definitely gotten to her: she was loose-limbed and casual, draped across the furniture in a way that was unlike her. It made Tony happy, that she could be so free here with them.
None of the Avengers confronted that possibility. And wasn’t that disconcerting—the fact that he was seeing Natasha, her trust issues still cut deep into her soul and to whom family was a foreign term; Clint, whose family wasn’t dead yet, whose mind was ravaged by Loki and yet still stood strong; Bruce, whose eyes were so afraid and so ready to run that it hurt Tony’s heart; Thor, still fresh-eyed and optimistic and untouched by the grief of burned worlds and broken bodies that weighed down his shoulders; Steve, still lost in this new century yet terribly, horribly naive and oblivious about his feelings; Tony himself, his heart hurting and aching and his mind singing with panic and fear and not-yet-realized PTSD from a mushroom cloud in distant space and the realization that
It was clear to Tony, and most likely Wanda too, that Bucky had done a significant amount of healing in the year and a bit that he had been gone. His memories were fragmented and scattered like bits of crystal, but they were
will.”
gets in that workshop.”
Four hours later, Steve knocked on Sam Wilson’s door with two SHIELD assassins.
Sam screamed, and pressed his foot harder on the gas. Natasha got a grip on her gun and started firing through the roof, and there was a telltale
It took eight days for the Maximoff twins to become comfortable enough with the Avengers to come into the common area while everyone was eating dinner. It was a rare day where Steve had actually coaxed Tony out of the workshop, although it was mostly because Bruce had promised to make his tofu extra spicy. Their shoulders were hunched forward to make themselves look smaller, and Tony’s heart
a cruel voice in the back of his head whispered.
Steve made an abortive move to step forward, but seemed to decide against it halfway through. “I’ll see you when I get back, Tony,” he said softly, and it sounded like it wasn’t what he had wanted to say.
Steve still wasn’t sure how the hell Fury had survived, still wasn’t sure how the hell he’d ended up in a secret SHIELD bunker, plotting the downfall of HYDRA, but here he was.
“You won’t,” she said confidently. “I’ve gotten good at this.”
Tony sprinted. It was awkward running with his hands behind him, but he managed, he had to manage. A gunshot rang out, shattering the shop window behind him, and Tony ducked behind the trunk of a car with some hillbilly lying flat on the ground.
“Great, assassins who are also lawyers,” Steve said dryly.
After the rest of the armor arrived, JARVIS highlighted War Machine jetting into the sky away from him. Tony tried to fly after who he hoped was Rhodey, but his repulsors sputtered pathetically and died. “Aw, crap.”
He breathed an inward sigh of relief. “All right, JARVIS,” he began, and then the HUD went static around the sound of a truck horn.
counterparts, of all the combinations, are the ones who have ended up here. If they were really them. And that was a thought: what if they were decoys sent by Loki, trying to shield some secret weapon about to descend on the city?
“Perfect” Steve replied, placing a small kiss on the tiny infant’s head.
“he, um, he” Peter could hardly get the words out. “He made Natasha… he made her kill Dad and Pops. I saw it over, and over and over again. I couldn’t stop it.” Peter began to cry all over again.
