Dean woke up gasping, yet again. His body shaking in pure fear as he curled up into a small ball. His hands shook so badly that he couldn't keep them still enough to wipe his face properly. "Calm down- calm down- shut the fuck up and calm down-" He repeated to himself. Dean blinked a few times, not sure what else to even do. He gulps slightly as he took in his breaths. He's fine, he's fine. He just needed to get a drink and he'll be fine.
Dean was slightly confused, not completely sure on what he said to cause two polar reactions out of the two individuals standing there, before he gets it. "Ugh, gross man! You know I didn't mean it like that, you're such a perv."
The mirror shards shattered into millions of pieces which most fell to the floor, but he wasn't done yet. The rage that had been building up for weeks was here. It wanted to come out. It
Dean rose a brow. "What do you mean?"
Sam laughed from the kitchen and came over and sat the sandwich in front of his brother and sat down beside him. Dean picked it up and started to eat, mentally reminding himself to eat slower, due to the fact that Sam was watching him like a hawk at the moment. "Do you think it's because you were resurrected? Your body is trying to make up for those months without food?" He asked.
"No, she took Anna to keep her safe. Because that demon is probably watching us right now, waiting to follow us right back to Anna again. That's why he let us go."
Dean tried to force himself to stay awake to hear more of the conversation, but he couldn't. The weakness of his body began to betray him as he closed his eyes and felt himself go motionless. The difference between falling asleep and passing out, is that one of them is a choice. Although it's a process to fall asleep, passing out is typically done because of trauma. So when trauma is forced onto someone who tries to avoid sleeping because of unconfronted trauma? It does not end pretty. For Dean Winchester? There is no exception from the pain.
"Oh, no. No, no way. Um, they probably don't even know I exist. I just kind of... overhear them." She mumbles the first part, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear.
Dean nodded, giving a small 'hmm' noise. "Wow, that's lucky. I wish I didn't have to sleep. Then again, I guess that way we wouldn't be able to talk to each other if I didn't have to."
What did this apocalypse even entail? He literally knows nothing about what's going on, and the apocalypse sounds all grand and bad- he knows it has to be because of their
Sam nodded and rubbed the back of his neck. "Well, what do you remember?"
"Dean." The Angel said simply.
"You're the one who said it in the first place, Dean!"
Dean takes a deep breath, looking back up at the sky to look at the stars. He's never been one to appreciate how large the world really was. There was only so much he could do. Yet the stars seemed to give him peace and relaxation. Younger he thought they were angels, back when his mom was still alive. He doesn't know why he still enjoyed looking up at the stars now knowing the truth. He gave up on the idea of angels long ago, yet now that's all there seems to be. Angel's and Demons.
Repeat.
The hunter looked down at the ground in thought, "What if Cas detects you? Dean says they talk pretty regularly."
"Show me your face now!" She yelled.
While they were gone, however, they did work a few more cases and Dean seemed to be his old self. With a few exceptions. He was a lot more sympathetic to the victims that they were dealing with, and even felt guilt when they had to eliminate any monster or ghost. Sam could have sworn he saw Dean crying at one point before he entered their motel room, but Dean was able to cover it up quickly. Something was up, and Dean seemed to know more than what he was letting on.
"Shut up, boy. You almost fell out of your seat just because you weren't tied up." Bobby says in a authoritative tone, yet it was still laced with concern and worry. Yet, Dean knew that the tone was used so that he wouldn't argue.
"Were... were you asleep this whole time?" Asked Sam, his tone extremely worried.
Dean tilted his head to the side for a moment, shrugging his shoulders. "Fair enough."
That last chanting of the phrase gave him his answer, he watched at a television flipped on in the corner to only produce static and black and white screen. "I invoke, conjure, and command... Castiel? No. Sorry, Castiel, I don't scare easy."
Castiel nodded and looked away, back at the forest and park and sky that seemed to be the source of Dean's source of relaxation. "Where are we, might I ask?" The angel spoke.
There was another long moment of pause. "...fine... I won't take us to Bobby. But, we are doing research on this the moment I find you. We're going to go to a  library and get as many books as we need to figure out what the hell is up with you."
Dean didn't look away from the angel, his look only tightening when the angel didn't look away. It was strange he had to admit. Having an intense staring contest with an angel who is pinning him against a counter? Sounds like something that would happen on the Busty Asians Webpage, but in this case it would be more of an Gay Porno website. Like Twinks for Tops or something like that. Don't ask how he knew about that website, just don't.
It didn't take much, but Castiel was able to get everything that Dean had requested, a few of the items would be rather tricky to pull of or understand the purpose of. But Dean knew what to do. After everything he experienced in hell, this was going to be a peace of cake. Dean wheels a loaded cart covered with a cloth into the room where Alistair is imprisoned and humming a small tune. Alistair watched Dean enter, and grins, and starts to sing a bit more louder, moving within the chains almost as though he is dancing. "I'll always love you and make you happy, If you will only say the same. But if you leave me and love another, you'll regret it all some day~"
The taller brother shook his head, not believing it. "You said you don't remember Hell, so how do you know this isn't linked!"
Dean rose a brow at the comment, he looked the angel over. His expression had changed, his body posture slouched and leaning off of the bed as if the next thing that the hunter was going to say was to become gospel. "Uh- that there are 66 of them, and once they are all broken there will be hell on earth and Satan will make this his go-lucky playground."
Sam chews his inner cheek, pocketing the flask into his own jacket. "Dean- are you sure this is a good idea? I mean- we still don't know why your eyes went all blue or your eating habit."
Sam looked to Bobby, who gave a nod, then looked back to the uneased brother. "Yeah, that just about sums it up."
What happened to all his cuts!? His wounds, every single cut was just gone. It wasn't like these were superficial wounds either. If they where then he could excuse it, but they weren't! Dean looked to his arms, legs. Gone. Everything was just gone. Well - except the handprints around his wrists, that was still there. Come to think of it, his previously dislocated shoulder isn't hurting anymore. He grabbed his shoulder and looked back at his skin, feeling around. There wasn't even any bruising.
"Well, get some donuts while you're out." He says unaffected.
"How much do you know about the seals, Dean?" The angel asked.
Dean sat up straighter, his head shaking as he unfolded his arms. "Nothing actually. Last thing I remember is being some dogs chew toy and then darkness... next thing I know- I'm in a pine box gasping for air- buried six feet deep."
of my brother right now. Do you not see anything wrong with that?"
Dean turned around and glared, kicking over a damn chair. "How the fuck do you not know where he is Bobby!? Why would you let him go out by himself!?"
"You- you two can't do this!" Sam said, forgetting every sense of danger apparently as he took a few steps forward. "You- you're angels! I mean- I mean aren't you supposed to-" He stumbles over his words. "You're supposed to show mercy!" He exclaimed.
They had black hair, that seemed to be just as pitch as the darkness outside. He had slightly pale skin, and stubble along the mans rather muscular jaw. That wasn't the thing that caught his attention. It was his eyes. The blue bemused and vivid eyes, that looked to almost being glowing underneath the lightless rooms. Yet, Dean did not have time to focus on that.
Castiel looked unaffected by this question, almost as if he was expecting it to happen. "Your brother is not ready, and there is no need for him to know until then."
"Yeah man, why wouldn't I be?" Dean asked, looking this other man up and down. Was he high?
Sam sat down in a nearby chair, looking over at the Study where Bobby was. Dean watched as the two passed a worried glance, which only made Dean roll his eyes. "Guys! I'm fine. I'm the real deal, we already did the tests. Now stop looking at me like I'm some kicked puppy and tell me what's been going on."
Both Ruby and Sam paused, even when they knew some sort of demon was on their trail. "Ruby, is this possible?" Sam asked.
Castiel looked back, his hands in front of him. "Sam-"
He was wrong. He walked back up to his room and his eyes where wide. There Dean was alright. His body being heavily wrapped in bandages while having his own breathing tube and IV stuck in his arm. Anything of his skin that was being exposed was covered in bruises and a bit swollen. "Thank god I'm not awake to feel all of this." He walked over and stood beside his body, his arms folded. "Well, at least Alistair didn't ruin my nose." Dean smirked.
He looked around briefly, he had no clue where they were and there wasn't any defining markers in the place that he could text Sam and Bobby. All he knew is that they seemed to be in some abandoned seaport of facility. "Where's the door?"
Dean folded his arms. "I'm fine, Sam."
Sam nodded, looking back at his brother. Dean could feel the worry and empathy leaking off of his brother through this stare, but he knew that there was some intrigue there as well. "Yes, I did."
The hunter looks up at the angels, he noticed how their stare seemed to be similar to what Bobby and Sam had been doing much more recently. Uriel's wings folded behind himself to match how Castiel's have been since they showed up at Bobby's. Dean gasps in relief as his arm was released and he held it to his chest before standing up, glaring at the Angel.
"A day." Sam said softly.
weird at all. He gently thumbed at the scars, they no longer were hurting- but he could still feel a strange warmth radiating off of the impressions.
Sam gave a small confused look, he looked away from Dean for a second before speaking. "Why do you keep saying that?"
Sam's eyes widen and looked behind himself, expecting to see Dean which would have been amazing and he wouldn't have to interrogate an angel. However, he wasn't there. There was nothing at all. He looked back tot he angel. "Who are you talking to?"
The angel glared slightly and shook his head slightly. "God has a plan and it is just. Even if you can't see it, doesn't mean he does not care about you."
"-because you can't keep a simple devil's trap together!" Sam yelled, which was probably the wrong idea to do while in a hospital, because patients and staff looked at the two of them but right now- Sam did not fucking care.
Dean walked around the front of the church, hands on his loaded shot gun as he carefully opened the front door. Nothing so far. He looked back at Sam and gestured him to follow before going in himself. He kept the gun on the drawl, high up in case he wouldn't have time to get it up if a demon came around the corner.
Behind was the sound of screaming, which made distracted Dean, he watched as Ruby pulled Anna from the closet. "RUBY!" Dean yelled, but was thrown off and his knife fell to the floor. He grunts and quickly stands, only to be met with a fist to the jaw, throwing him off balance as he fell to the ground.
Okay a little more than a little.
The physic glared slightly, "Well explain ruining the séance right when I was about to see you!"
Ruby shakes her head, her arms folded across her chest as she walked over to the brother- her heels clicking slightly. "Whatever is going on with your brother, is killing him remember?" He asked. "How do you know it won't kill me the moment I possess your brother?"
"My superiors have begun to question my sympathies." Castiel said swiftly.
Alistair smiled as he didn't hear a peep, he continued on with his fun little sermon. "Your bloodline Dean is rather pure. So much going on that you don't even know, you can't even see it. A lot is weighing on your shoulders, just like they did on earth. Yet, you have no clue what it is." He smirked.
"Hell yeah, I would! I got to defend my honor."
Dean nods and wiped his soaked face with a hand, "Got a towel?"
Castiel tilted his head slightly, his expression unwavering. Oh god, this Angel better not be a dunce. "Why would I do that?"
"I. Never. Tortured." Dean says looking back at Uriel, his hand gripping harder on the knife. "I fought for my damn life almost everyday. I never took up the damn deal." He spat.
"We got to find Anna." Dean said sitting back down on the bed, his hand rubbing his shoulder while biting his tongue to brush off the pain.
"Oh, you'll be spilling your guts alright. I just didn't want to ruin my shoes. Yet again, I did make sure to roll up my sleeves. What's a little blood going to do?" He says walking back over to the demon, the blade resting in his palm. "Now answer the question."
Sam rubbed the back of his neck, great. Now Dean might be able to figure out what he was planning. But, he couldn't go back. He just needed to finish the interrogation and he can help Dean. With or without his consent. He won't remember in the morning anyways. "Look- just tell me what is wrong with him."
Bobby hit him on the back of his head, causing Dean to flinch and grab at his scalp. "You know not all physic's are the same, idjit. When your brother dabbled in that crap- he didn't go all crystals, ya know."
"You where up and around drinking my liquor cabinet. I'm not mad - just want to know why."
"Sam, I'll just be apart of him in the background. He won't even know I'm here. I'll give him full reigns of control until he's healed then I'll ghost out."
Dean only smirks and slices yet again. "I want the name." He repeats.
The human gave a confused look. Running in his bloodline? New tasks? What the hell was that supposed to mean? He's dead. Dead dead. There is no coming back from his eternal torment. He was fine with this, but knew it would only get worst. His nightmares were probably true. He was going to come this. Become like
Based on what Dean could tell at the moment, he can't heal like he has been while conscious. Also, it seems that he was stuck in this state just like last time. Hopefully he can wake up before this whole dying thing comes to pass.
The older hunter makes a 'huh' sound, but couldn't help the small chuckle that came from his throat. A noise he usually made when he tried to understand something his way. "So, they lock you up with a case of the crazies when really you were just... tuning in to angel radio?" He asked.
Castiel tiled his head. "Why would a tube be used?" He asked.
"Not in my experience." Dean snapped back.
Sam rolled his eyes and went slowly up the stairs, being this close he could hear how loudly Dean's stomach was growling.
"Of course you aren't, and I'm the Pope." Bobby said taking a step away. He walked over to a desk table and looked over the instruments.
Dean glared, "Then why did you stop once I got back into the picture?"
The angel nodded. "It's what gives Angel's their powers. It is very strong. I ripped part of mine out and gave it to Dean. It took a long time for his soul to be salvaged and brought to earth. I gave it to him a week before I raised him back up."
Bobby chuckled slightly and shakes his head, being careful now. Dean could tell that Bobby didn't want to hurt him, but he hasn't done it for awhile so of course he'd be a little rusty.
Castiel stood up and walked over to where Dean was. This sudden act too the hunter by surprise. He saw this look in the other's eyes that he couldn't quite make out. At this point he grabbed the hilt of the knife that was on the counter. He felt the unclean wood scratch against his uncalloused fingers. "Bigger picture my ass. The only big picture that I'm seeing is that the angels who are meant to be protectors and guardians are all dicks."
Dean watched him leave. "You're wings are going to get worn out if you keep adding those pounds on, junkless!" He yelled out before looking over at Castiel, who still was in what he liked to call 'soldier formation' due to how tightly his shoulders were being kept. "Mind explaining to me why you two had to come flying in from god knows where into MY home with Sam and Bobby, and yanking me from out of there?" He asked.
Castiel sighed and looked down, now removing his arm from Dean's who's grip had loosened at this point. He looked off to the side before looking back at the human in front of him. Gently as a bird, he sets his hands on the hunters cheeks and raises his head so Dean could look at the angel head on. "Dean, they don't tell me much... I know our fate rests with you."
He didn't need to get all riled up over nothing. God was nothing. Dean shook his head and wiped a hand down his face. This was so awful. He looked down and the ground, now knowing that this was a dream he noticed how the edges where he couldn't see far enough had become blurred and behind it was a faint yellow and red light. His actual dreams. Hell.
Sam looked down at the floor, one of his hands started scratching his wrist. It was obvious that the younger Winchester knew that he was doing was wrong, but was doing it anyways. "I haven't been doing it, so there isn't anything to worry about."
"However, Alistair and Lilith wanted the seal broken. They used extreme measures to make you break. They did this for fun while they tortured your father to make him break as well. By the time angels were even able to reach you, your soul was broken." Castiel looked away and back over to Sam. "Destroyed. A soul like that being brought to life would be worst than any torture in hell. A soul like that could never function. A soul like that would be tormented until they would die again."
He opened his eyes slightly as he heard another voice. Anna. Here voice was too far away to really hear what was being said, but Dean knew it was her. He blinked slightly as he saw the light above him, it made his vision blurry and he couldn't really see anything. Soon Sam placed him down on a couch that was in the cabin, which felt a bit awkward because Sammy had to keep readjusting due to the height difference.
He was in grass?
It was Castiel's.
"No offense, Cass. But this is the first time I've actually seen you '
Sam rolled his eyes. "I already told you, I can expel demons with my mind. No words."
His attention now turned to a few feet in front of him, with caution he approached the ball to freeze and realize- that was not a ball- that was ice. Hail to be more exact. About the size of a baseball. Well this can't be good.
Dean got out of the car and parked it with the rest of the junk vehicles and carefully walked up to the house, he didn't know how he was going to explain this to Bobby. He couldn't even explain it to himself. He slowly walked up the sandy and dirty ground, the wooden stairs creaked slightly as he climbed up. With one last breath, he puts his fist against the door and knocked on it harshly.
He chuckles as he adjusted his position on the overgrown tree, laying his body up against the wooden trunk as he just enjoyed the silence. He missed times like this. The silence. Freedom. Being a kid. Just being away from it all while still following his responsibilities from a safe distance. He wished for a time that he could go back to where he was only a little boy, wearing a funny shirt while his mom cut the crust off of his peanut butter and honey sandwiches. He didn't like jelly, it texture was never good enough. Only his mom remembered that detail.
She nodded and left her body. The black gas like soul sprung from her mouth and infected Dean's body. Dean arched up from the bed, his hands gripping onto the bedrails and eyes wide as they smoke filled his every poor. His heart monitor was going crazy, so much so that it had alerted the medical staff. By the time they walked in, the smoke was gone and all they saw was a ruined room and Dean's body still laying on the bed and Sam with a scalpel in his hand.
The hunter looked up, eyes slightly blurry as he glared at the other. "So what? Expel a couple demons and we were worthy to get hung off of the rack? How fun." He rolled his eyes.
Dean let out a heavy sigh. "Why do you think we could even trust her?" He asks, trying to monitor the tone and volume of his voice, and probably failing. "Did you just... happen to forget about all the times she lied to you about what was going on? How she lied that she could save me and then at the last moment decided to tell us that it was actually you who could save me? Or did that simply slip your mind?"
Dean looked over and saw Ruby and Sam arguing, but he also saw Anna hiding in the doorway of a room. At least he assumed it was here, the bright red hair was hard to miss - even if it looked like a blob from his blurry vision.
There was a long moment and nothing happened, Sam was going to ask another question but the lights flickered back on. "I'm going to take that and say that it means that you trust me."
Dean took a few steps back as well until he felt his back hit a desk, a couple things fell off of it when he did. "What the hell are you talking about???"
"You and Uriel put him in there-" Sam started again.
"Castiel."
Dean looked up at him, his mouth slightly agape. "What do you mean?"
"Well what other choice do you have? Lilith is close to breaking all the seals and you need to be on your top game. Trust me, Dean isn't going to let you drink anything that he can't see. So he can't see this, so you have to drink before this kills you." Ruby says crossing her arms with a huff.
He exhaled.
Dean slowly nodded, wow he did not think fallen angels were actually a thing. Well, yet again, a month ago he didn't think angels were a thing and now those are real so why not throw fallen angel into this crap-tastic milkshake of a world. "Wait- you said grace? What is that?"
He heard Sam let in a sharp breath, Dean knew he saw the number as well. "132 pounds? How much did you weight before?" Sam asked.
"You overhear them?"
"Oh, so we're accepting gifts from the demons now?"
Sam shook his head confused, "What do you mean?"
Dean felt a chill run down his spine as he heard the tone in his ears, he shakes his head. "You're wrong." He mumbled to himself. Not speaking to anyone in particular. He's heard that voice before, and god he wished he could never hear it again. The once soothing voice now taunting him in the same tone he heard in hell. He's no longer in hell, that voice deserves to stay in hell to rot. Any loyalty to that voice is gone. Fuck that voice, FUCK him!
"Why aren't we at the Fair?" The angel questioned.
Alistair swished his hand in the air, and a small chair appeared behind him. A simple metal one that was similar to the material of the table and sat down. "The best damn hunters turning into the very thing that they hunt. How tragic is that? Such a soap opera." He sung.
The angel gripped his chin a little harder. "I don't know. Just stop yelling. Just understand what I tell you. You're the one who broke the seal, and you will stop it."
Dean took a deep breath, "That chick that you left with Ruby? She was right, it's an Angel. His name is Castiel. Yeah I know- sounds like bullshit, but let me explain!" He said quickly once he saw Sam turning his head and scoffing. "When I took that nap after Bobby told me to go take a nap? I had a dream. It was real weird, same house but no one was there. It was dark, and I saw this man. He said his name was Castiel, angel boy, God told others to rescue me."
Dean tilted his head slightly as he thought,
Dean shoved his hands deeper into his pockets as he looked back out the window, wanting to ignore the conversation completely. He paused slightly as he saw black wings disappear behind an old junker car. He looked somewhere else to pretend he didn't see. "So?"
"There isn't anything else, and this saves more people, Dean!" He cried out, standing up to meet Dean's level. Well, he was above Dean's level due to him being taller, but that's besides the point. "Most of the time we can save the person to where they don't have to die! This is one of the best outcomes we can hope for. The people we save, that's why we do this."
"At least?" Dean asked.
"So what else is going on with him? What is causing the glowing eyes, him seeing Demons true faces, super healing, and everything else?"
Ruby sighed gruffly, rolling her eyes as she walked up to Sam with her arms folded. "You've been detoxing for two weeks. It's bound to end sooner or later, if you drink now he'll stop thinking about it. A pint should suffice for a few days, long enough to get Dean off of your back about every thing you put in your mouth. After that, just take some while he's sleeping and put it into a bottle of wine. Close enough in color for him to not notice." Ruby suggested.
"That the bitch is trying to start the damn apocalypse and something about Seals. Literally, just said the world Seals and that's it. I'm more blind than Stevie Wonder walking in a tunnel."
Sam shakes his head slightly but relents, putting the flask away and his hand out. Dean made a disgruntled huff before turning to look at the direction of the door, his gun cocked and ready.
"You know we can't trust her!" He shouted.
He felt his arm get warm, and he looked down at it. This was a first. Usually when he hurt himself it would take a good couple of minutes before he felt it healing, why was it suddenly happening right away?
can't trust her. You haven't been here for the past year and you don't know what she's done to help us."
"Sammy... I feel fine... please don't get Bobby involved. I feel my best when I am out with you and hunting. It helps me somehow and being stuck in a house for weeks on end it's going to help anyone." He said softly.
"My head it being torn apart, goddamn it!" Dean yelled, grunting loudly as his body shook. Holding back his screams of agony.
"Well that's ridiculous, you're one of the best hunters we know." Dean interjected.
"I don't know, it's above my pay grade." He forced out.
Dean looked away, giving a small shrug of his shoulders. If he knew what was going on he would share in a heartbeat. Well, maybe not a heartbeat, because with everything that is coming to light from the past eight months that he was missing, he's not too sure on how much he could trust his younger brother. "I don't know, Sam. There's not much else I can say. If I knew what was going on I would tell you."
"That we know of..." Dean mumbled.
"Because I didn't know for certain if they would have actually surfaced on earth! But, I do know is that they strike first and ask questions later. When you told me that Dean was raised by angels, I tried to leave. You said I didn't have to and that you would protect me. So what obligation did I have!" She cried out, turning her face away from the hunter.
He looked down, now feeling Sam's hand on his shoulder which made this so much worst. The tears he was holding back started to flood down his cheeks, making his voice and throat hoarse and now physically painful to continue on, but he did. "I knew it was him... all the demons had used my memories against me. They... they would try putting on looks to be like you and mom and dad... but I knew that this was the real him... and his eyes- god they became black like everyone else..." Dean looked up at Sammy, who's eyes where wide but yet still comforting at the same time. Dean did not like the look one bit, because the look was filled with sympathy, empathy, like he was some sick puppy that was being beaten. Dean was always the strong older brother who would protect Sam from anything, but him breaking down in front of his Sammy was painful.
"Just one night..." He mumbled as he washed his face with the cool water. He just wanted a night to not obsess over himself. Dean's whole life, he has never made a selfish wish that he didn't think was for the best. He didn't know what was wrong, if he just knew... maybe he could fix it? There are so many things that he just wished he could do, yet none of them would ever happen and he knew that. He knew that deep down he was stuck with this aching want of relief.
The demon nodded and kissed Sam on the cheek before disappearing into thin air. The hunter chuckled slightly and grabbed his lighter and set the leaves on fire. He looked forward. "This better work." He mumbled before picking up the parchment that was on the alter table. "
When he finally managed to calm down, he looked back over, only to see the angel with his tilted head staring at the other in what he could only assume was worry or pity. "Don't look at me like that." He huffed.
Dean was going to retort something, but it was actually Sam who spoke. "Dean what is wrong? You're acting as if this is the first time you've seen a demon! You're shaking."
Ruby scoffs as she sat down on the couch, her arms folded and crossing her legs. She looked over and noticed Bobby who was in his office and looked like he was going through any spells that he had record of, as well as avoiding eye contact. "Not sure I see the problem. You know they have Alastair strung up six ways from Sunday. Dean cuts himself a slice, Al's reduced to a quivering heap, and the good guys get the goods. What's wrong with that?"
Dean looked over to his brother, his heart broke for the other. Sammy's face just seemed so broken and torn. As if he was going to cry from how his perspective on everything he knew- changed. It reminded him back to their old case. Where the preacher who was a vengeful ghost posed as being an angel of the lord, and Sam truly wanted to believe it was an angel. His soul seemed to shatter then like it was now.
Sam gave a relieved sigh, and took a deep breath. "Alright, let's do this again. I hope you remember how we communicated last time- but I don't have a spirit board so we'll just have to settle for this. Flip the light on for yes, flip the light off for no. Okay?"
The angel nodded, his gaze looking out over the scene that Dean had been enjoying for the past few minutes. Hell, maybe an hour depending on how long he's been asleep for. Time in dreams is funny like that. "You prayed for peace and a night where you didn't have to worry about anything. I decided that giving you an old memory when you did feel at peace would be the best option."
"Aww, are you jealous~?" Ruby winked as she walked over to Sam and sat down in front of him on the bed he was on just seconds ago. "Or are you scared I'll do something to him, hmm?"
Bobby only finished tying him to the chair by the time Dean looked awful. He seemed to look just as tired as he had when he crawled out of the ground. For no reason at all. He was just tired, and also really damn hungry. The moment he stopped the séance as well as looking himself in the TV he just was
Sam collapsed back down onto his chair, his hands carding through his hair as he looked back at his brother. It was not a pleasant sight. Those doctors should learn better bedside manners... he was way too blunt about all of this, how uncaring. Dean will wake up, and they are going to walk out of their together. Just like everything else they do, they will make it out.
Sam shrugs his shoulders. "To save Dean, we'll get it back. I promise."
Alistair laughed, releasing the human from his grip. "Tsk tsk tsk." He hummed. The demon took a few steps back and turned around to what seemed to be a metal table, a piece of furniture that Dean was too well aware of. Dean heard the clinking sound of the two knives Alistair had previously that we was setting down back on the table. He's been here for so long, he felt as if he knew all torture methods possible. Yet, he knew it he hadn't. The demon walked back over, skipping as he had two items in his hands. Dean squinted, rather confuse on what they were- until he wasn't. His eyes widened and struggled against chains, even grabbing the hook that was in his hip and using all his force to rip it out. "Aww, the little birdie is trying to fly! How adorable!" He purred.
Sam took it and put it in his bag, "Ruby gave it to me."
Dean quickly reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out his phone. Twenty missed phone calls, forty texts, and lots of voice mails. Oh shit, they were spaced out over days! Great... he took a deep breath and hit play and rose the phone to his ear.
This time, he doesn't pull away, he only let's out a shaky breath as he grabbed the other's arms. No reason, not pulling away, nothing like that. Just more of... support mayhaps. "Well, then you guys are screwed..." He mumbled. "I can't do it, Cas... It's-it's too big." Dean began to stutter, his hands shaking slightly. "Alastair was right. I'm not all here. I'm not—I'm not strong enough." He said softly. Looking back down at the floor, tears slowly welding up inside of his eyes. "Well, I guess I'm not the man either of our dad's wanted me to be... Find someone else..." Dean softly begged. "It's not me... it's not me..."
He thought maybe it was because what happened, what he did, was too painful to speak about. Maybe the world would be a better place if he was never brought back to life and pulled from the pit. Perhaps Castiel wanted to protect him from the truths. Dean didn't know... and god he didn't want to tell anyone. But, he knew Sam wouldn't let it go. This was a control area, and no matter what he said, he felt like he could handle it. To bad there wasn't any beer for him to guzzle down.
He rose a brow. "No it isn't. I don't know how hard you think I must've hit my head, maybe hard enough that you'd think I'd forget how to read, but that is English." He huffed. "You now what, I'm calling Cas."
Bobby suddenly spoke up, picking up the small piece of the map to see the exact location. "It isn't far from here, I could get us there in about an hour. This place though, we don't know what to expect. We don't even know how to kill an angel. Let's hope if Dean is able to extract something from Alistair, we'll be able to get that information."
After the whole hospital thing and the drive in the impala, Dean was quiet for most of the time and told his brother what Alistair had told him about the seal. How when their father decided to torture Dean in hell that broke the seal. They where both to blame for Lilith starting to breath the seals and it was hazardous. There wasn't much else to explain, besides they started the beginning of the end of the world so that was so much fun to know.
"Bobby-" Dean said putting a hand against his face, which only resulted in a small shout and hiss. Yeah, he forgot, Bobby was the one with the needle in his hands.
The doc didn't beat around the bush. "You brother's body is extremely malnourished. Although it appears that he is eating, he isn't getting what he needs. You said this happened while on a hunting trip? How often do you hunt?"
I knew she was telling the truth, because she didn't  know who you were. I also- um..." He looked up at the other and was a little hesitant. "...I had a vision about it."
"I did what I had to." Castiel said looking back over at the wall, Dean must've asked something. "I gave you part of my grace. I mixed it with your soul so it would be able to repair itself."
Alistair giggles and placed his head back against the wood, biting his bottom lip with a sway of his hips. "Or what? You'll work me over? But then, maybe you don't want to. Maybe you're, ah, scared to."
He decided to leave out most of the details, he still hadn't told Sam about what happened in hell. Sammy didn't need to know how he tortured someone... Yet, he felt like he needed to. After what Alistair told him about how he and John broke the first seal, he knew it was important information but not completely sure on how. Dean looked over at his brother, who was now standing while leaning his back against the window. "Dude, you're going to make the hot nurses reclean that. Show some respect."
"Where's Bobby?" He glared.
Dean let out a mute shaky breath, gulping slightly as he forced his legs to stay planted. Sam noticed this small change of behavior and latched onto it. "What do you think?" He questions.
The demon tumbled over put a hand on her bottom lip and slightly glared at Sam, but nodded. "Fine... but if this continues, I might die. He needs to get it under control!"
Castiel snapped out of his thoughtful trance, "What about me?" He asked.
"No! You mind your tone with us." He growled.
"Well you might as well do it now before Dean wakes up."
He glared. "Lucifer? The apocalypse? What does that mean?" Dean questioned. He was so scared and lost, he just needed some sort of direction on where to go with this. His eyes begged, and when he saw the angel look around he only yelled louder. "Hey! Don't you go disappearing on me, you son of a bitch. What does that mean!?"
He followed closely behind his brother and Bobby, hanging more back since this woman knew the two and he didn't want to be the random stranger. He rather be introduced than get a weird look at him. They didn't even get up to the door before it opened. Again, not what Dean had expected.
The angel tilted his head slightly. "I don't have a favorite." He explained.
"I spoke to Cas... and you said it yourself that whatever is going on with Dean is angelic. Cas can't heal him for some reason, but when I found him after Alistair had his way with him- Dean was slightly conscious and his wounds began to heal. I just have a gut feeling that if he woke up he'll be okay." Sam said a little nervous, he wasn't 100% sure on if this plan would work- but it's the best he had at the moment.
Dean let's out a small sigh of relief, his hand still deep within Alistair. He smirks and grabs whatever organ that was inside and gripped it harshly, his nails digging in causing the demon to howl in anguish. That's not all he did. In his other hand, he hand he had salt. He poured in into the wound, the organ, the blood. Only making the noises louder, and Dean couldn't care less for anything else that might be happened outside of this room. "Let me know if you want more, there's plenty left."
Castiel frowns. "I told you."
Although, the giant man was still shaking him for some reason. His hair was longer and looked to have been styled with some product actually. He wore a big tan coat due to the weather, and seemed to look real fresh from having come from a job.
There was a pause for a moment as he looked down at the amusement park, the faint smile reappearing on his lips as he looked at the place. Even though it was far away, he could still see the blurs of children and adults running around and having fun with one another. "Because I didn't go. I stayed here and kept watch. Plus Fair's weren't my thing anyways." He said with a small shrug.
He deletes the messages and walked through the grass, eventually finding a free bench and sitting down on it. He rubbed his eyes again as he flicked his phone open yet again, and selected his brother's number. It rung for only a few moments before it was picked up. "Sam?" He said.
Bobby stood up, "Don't you raise your voice at me, boy." He said stern, which made Dean drop his voice a few notches and also fold his arms across his chest in annoyed obedience. "Now, it's been a rough year. He's joined up with a few hunters here and there, but he's mainly been hunting things none stop. Wouldn't want me slowing him down."
Dean's eyes widened, the mention of angels brought back those glowing eyes from only minutes before. "Son of a bitch... you had a fucking vision? Dude, you promised you wouldn't do that stuff!"
Dean huffed as he shook his head. "No, no, no. That's it, you two need to leave."
Dean gave a nervous chuckle and steps inside, "Yeah, me neither. But I am." Behind his back, Bobby takes a silver knife. As Dean approaches, Bobby lunges forward and slashes at him. Dean grabs his arm and twists it around; Bobby breaks the grip and backhands him in the face. "I'm not a shapeshifter!" Dean states as he stumbled a bit away.
Dean glared, but stayed quiet. He needed his vision to not be blurry if he was actually going to do something about this situation. May the gates of hell has a side door? He could crawl through that if he needed to. This made the demon smile, the edges of his lips spread in an unnaturally wide and slim smile. Just like the joker from batman. Dean would KILL to watch any Batman movie right now to not endure this torture. Well... not KILL but pretty close.
Thankfully there was a cover over all of the weapons that they had, because that would have been really uncomfortable to lay on top of while they drove.
The now free man blinked for a moment, slightly seeing double with how far shut his eye lids where. "Sam- I have leftovers in the fridge as well as a gas-station sandwich in the fridge. Get them now." Bobby ordered.
"Oh my god- Oh Sorry! No disrespect, it's an honor, really! I-I've heard a lot about you." Sam says, fumbling to put the knife down back into his sheath on his belt. Once he managed he held his hand out to shake the Angel's hand.
"I was working a case, and this woman claimed to hear angels. I thought she was just delusional and hearing a ghost or a demon or something like that. Yet, she knew everything that's happened this year. I don't know what you have learned from Bobby, but a lot of the shit is impossible to guess." Sam took a deep breath and gave a soft chuckle, knowing that his brother probably wouldn't believe him. "I was protecting her from demon's who were trying to grab her... but she said that the angels were celebrating because...
Now he realized that he was still in the same position as if he was pinned so he quickly stood up and got out of it, brushing off his outfit. "Cass was here." He mumbled,
Sam followed right before, closing the door and locking it behind them so no one could follow them through. They both searched the whole bottom floor, in first glance nothing quite seems out of place. There's an alter, bench pews, storage closets stored here and there, and a big fat cross that stood above anything else in that entire basement. They did a double search and continued looking until Sam spotted a door. He walks over and slowly opened it, "Dean- over here." He said beckoning his older brother over. The eldest came over and nodded for Sam to go first, covering his back.
The unknown is the scariest part.
Sam leaned against the alter, taking it in. "But, Dean is fine?"
Sam gave a nervous look to Bobby, and Bobby returned the look. Dean rolled his eyes, raising his hands high up in the air. "I'm fine! Do I look like I'm not???" He asks.
"Dean your eyes are blue!" Sam finally said loudly.
Sam nodded and folded his arm. "Hey Bobby, can you start packing up the car in case we run into any demons? I need to talk to Ruby for a little bit."
"You left that chick with angel brains with Ruby didn't you? That's why you were okay ditching her to save me."
"Do we seriously have to do this?" Dean says with a huff.
He's done this thousands of times before to prove he wasn't a monster or possessed by anything to others, because... because he knew in those times that he wasn't possessed by anything so there was nothing to worry about. He wasn't a monster in those times. This time- Dean was proving it to himself.
Sam nodded and thought for a moment longer before turning on his heals and walking towards the exit of the basement to where the stairs had been located. "Sam, what are you planning?" Sam didn't respond as he opened the basement door, and before he closed it behind him all he heard was, "SAM!"
His breathing spiked. Screams filled his ears, and photos of meat hooks and chains plagued his vision. The souls of the damned being ripped to shreds. The pathetic excuses of human beings being skinned and burned all at once. Demonic faces of their true-selves was branded into his eyes. Dean shook slightly as different scenes filled his senses, having to close his eyes tightly and shaking his head to try and rid the visions. He could handle the other visions, but these memories... no- no he can't think about them. Just go away! He winced slightly, his breathing slowly managed at what he remembered his mom teaching him while he was young.
"Ruby told me."
Sam sighed. "Look, he's my brother, Ruby. He would do anything to save me, and I'm going to do the same for him. He's family and you're the only chance he has."
He signed and shook his head, looking around again. There was no defining markers of where he was so this will just have to be guess work. Dean looked down at himself, no blood or dirt, so no one should call the cops. He walked over to the adults and introduced himself, using a fake name of course as he smiled and greeted them. He said that he ran out of a gas a few miles back and didn't see any road markers to know where he was at, and asked where he was. There was no need for them to know he just woke up here with no idea on how. They told him, and Dean immediately knew exactly where he was. He thanked him and walked away.
He takes a couple deep breaths to try and collect himself back together again. This should be fine. hopefully everything turns out better than it did last time. He just got back from hell, he doesn't need to die and figure out where his soul would go after this. Because based on his recent track record? Dean probably heading straight for a smack bottom.
There was a small gasp from behind them, coming from Anna who Dean kinda forgot was there in the past ten seconds. "He's like me." She mumbled silently.
"Because you needed me." Sam confessed. "Ever since you've been back, you just have had this look that you where going to break and whenever I'm there, when I'm taking care of you, doing what you want without me having to ask... It makes you better. You don't think I notice your drinking? Your nightmares? You sleep less now than you did before hell. I stopped... because I knew that's what you wanted."
"Then you're a Revenant!" Bobby shouted, taking a few steps forward.
Even if this was an angel, why would he be the one to be saved from hell? Surely there where hundreds of souls who deserve to get out of hell over him.
The angel bites his inner cheek and refused to look up. "I've been busy." His voice seemed to become even more gravely than before.
When Sam came back, he froze at the scene in front of him. The keys to their vehicle dropped to the floor.
Dean fell quiet from that comment, having to look away back down the empty hallway. A lump formed in his throat that he was forced to swallow. He let out a shaky breath as he felt the entities eyes staring at him as if awaiting an answer that Dean would not give. "Why-" he swallows. "-why are you here?" He asked, looking back at the man before him- his eyes being the only source of light in this entire hallway and house.
He waited a few seconds before Sammy got in. Once the door was closed he drove off. Not sure where they where going, or how long it would take. All he knew for now, is that Sam was drinking Demon blood. Which Ruby gave him. If he didn't have a reason to kill Ruby before, he sure as hell had a big fucking one now.
"No you're not. Something is up, and I want to know what! Do you or do you not remember hell?" He asks.
"I shared a very personal story that was probably traumatizing to an Angel who seeks virtue from nuns, so, tell me something about yourself."
"So you'd be willing to do a rematch then?"
Breath out...
. Maybe that's what Alistair meant. He was going to die and become a killer. Maybe his own brother would be the one to smite him down.
Dean took a deep breath and slouched back on the bench, while taking a deep breath. "I know the feeling." He said softly. "What even happened? I know I got your voicemail, but how did Anna know about that sigil?"
Looked right.
"Why didn't you just leave me there, then?"
"Because I'm pretty sure that thing might have killed you! It really did not want to be seen. If either of you- " he says gesturing to Bobby and Sam. "-were sitting where I was? You would have done the same thing."
There was another long moment of pause before Dean looked back at Castiel, he didn't say anything for a long while as Castiel looked back at him. Silence. It's peaceful. Always is. "What's wrong with me, Cas?" His voice solemn.
Dean glared, now knowing that the angel knew something. Yeah, before it was all speculation, but Castiel was not the best liar as it turns out. You'd think living on earth would have taught him on how to. "You know exactly what I'm talking about. I know you've been spying on us, and you said in the first place for me to keep rested and to eat. You just didn't specify on how much on either of those fronts."
"Quit fighting, lovers, and just get ready- he's coming!"
"And I like an experienced woman." He returns the flirtatious nature.
He let out a sigh and gruff chuckle. This was stupid, completely stupid. He takes a deep breath and held the blade to his forearm.
Eventually Sam had his fill and did what Ruby had suggested earlier by putting demon blood into an alcohol bottle. Of course it will dilute, but the important thing is that he was getting in the blood in the first place. So Sam grabbed a bowl and made Ruby clench her fist to get more liquid out and as quickly as possible. They were able to fill a whole bottle and the younger brother hid it away so Dean wouldn't find it. So he hid it in the impala next to where Ruby's former body was hidden.
"Well to talk to you I need to be dreaming, can't exactly dream if I'm awake."
"Bring what on?" Dean asked.
Bobby rose a brow and looked at his adoptive son and the demon. This had bad news written all over it, and right about now he was trust Dean's intuition that something is going on with Sam but he wasn't going to say anything about it. "Alright, I guess I'll... go do that then." He mumbled, giving a look over to Ruby before walking outside of the living room and going to his hunting supplies for any gear that they may need.
"How often do you say your brother eats?"
"Because I can fucking see her, man!" Dean yelled, breaking his gaze and looking over at Sam.
"We have to hurry!" Ruby yelled, getting frustrated now.
"Dean, Ruby is different! She isn't even possessing a body that has a soul in. While you were m.i.a I expressed my concerns with her, and now she isn't doing it anymore. I think you would be rather surprised with her."
Laughs filled room. Alistair let out a hiss as the burn pressed against his skin and was it stayed present. "Not entirely! You left p-art of yourself back in the Pit." He spits out, only smiling again once Dean removed the blade. "Let's see if we can get the two of you back together again, shall we?"
"Dean, oh my god where are you- what happened? Are you hurt?"
Sam gave a hearty laugh, "When have I ever forgotten the pie?" The young Winchester smirked before walking out that door and closing it behind himself. Dean waited a moment to make sure he saw the headlights turn on and the sound of his engine turn the car on before going into the shower. He trusted Sam, he always did. Hopefully the gift of pie would calm his nerves for a bit.
It took a little longer for Ruby to gather all the things needed to create the summoning spell for the angel. The problem with being in a hospital, is that they most likely do not have everything needed to have a spell. Of course there are infants and dying humans, souls right for the taking, but the typical stuff for a spell is a little more- rare. So it took a few hours for the ingredients to be gathered forth and make the spell.
Bobby patted Dean's shoulder before walking past him and over to the door. "Would it kill yourself to just try and do something for yourself for once?"
That snapped Dean out of his thought. "What the f-" He started, only to have the battery start up again. He whimpers faintly, his head barely being able to stay held up. He rested his head back against the chains. Yes, it fucking hurt! Yet, that's all he could do. He needed the assistant. He didn't want to look away from the demon for one second, because he knew the moment he looked away something way worst would start happening.
Dean looked back over to him, for a moment he had forgot that the other was there. He walked away from his brother and went directly to Cas. "No. No way. You can't ask me to do this, Cas. Not this."
"What do you mean?"
Carefully he sat up from his laying position and rubbed his eyes, the light wasn't bothering him that much- much his head felt like his brain was being pushed right up against his skull. It was a rather unpleasant feeling, and he couldn't imagine anything else. This constant pressure was overwhelming. Eventually Dean was able to focus and actually notice that he was in an hospital. He also realized rather quickly that his body wasn't aching or sore. A quick check of his arms and legs and face told him that he was completely healed.
"Sweet, let's go." Dean said standing up, not even bothering to ask or wonder how demons where able to get the drop on yet another demon.
The demon smirks and started chanting something in Latin. A blue light appears in the angel's mouth and eyes.
Dean sighed- thinking, his body pressed against the wall as he shook his head. He really wish they could just avoid this conversation all together. That's when he got the idea. "Hey, I'm going to take a shower and get all of this gunk off, hopefully my cuts won't reopen. Go to the gas station and get us something to eat." He said as he went over and grabbed some clothes from a dresser drawer.
A small noise filled the room as the gun was cocked and held at position. He squints his eyes to try and see inside of the room. Dean walks to the light switch and flips it on. Nothing. Great. Well, whatever this is. It isn't in his room. He carefully leaves the bedroom. "Bobby!" He calls out as he made it over to the stairs. He waited for a reply, and frowned when he didn't get one.
"Yes! I'm fine, goddamnit Sammy there's nothing wrong with me." He said with a small yawn, rubbing his eyes as they tracked up a hill towards the cabin. Dean didn't feel like he was that tired to be honest. He has been forced to sleep for hours a day for the past few weeks, he doesn't need to sleep now.
Dean looked over, raising a brow slightly. "Excuse me?"
Dean felt bad though. His first thought was to drive him up to Bobby's and have him detox in the panic room bunker, but Bobby was out with Rufus and he didn't want to set off any alarms that the paranoid bastard might have. So he decided that Sam would just have to detox on his own, in front of Dean which was painful. He would have hallucinations and screaming at different hours. At first it was fine, but now it was painful. In particular where Sam was sweating bullets.
"No." Castiel tried to cut in, but Sam just walked over him.
"Now, let's see if my little assistant was correct." He hummed.
Yeah, he wasn't a teen anymore who needed the food to grow his body, but there had to be a reasonable conclusion for them to get to.
Dean scoffs and shook his head, "Yes, he has! Remember Azazel? Remember when he literally helped us close the gates of hell where John appeared and I shot killed the demon? Bobby was there and handled everything fine."
Sam let out a small gasp as he tilted his head. "You said the last time you spoke to him, he said it was 19."
Grass.
He took a deep breath and rubbed a hand down his face, getting all the tears to wipe away. Slowly Dean managed to get his breathing under control as well as his leaking eyes. The brother's sat alone in silence for a long while, neither speaking and just consoling one another by keeping each other company.
His eyes widened as he felt the wound suddenly felt warm, he watched with large eyes as a blue and white glow lined the edges of his wound and carefully stitched himself back together in the matter of seconds as if the wound hadn't happened in the first place. "Oh fuck..."
The angel glared and began walking over to Sam, stopping short of the flame. Yet he was close enough to be considered in his personal space based on Dean's standards. "I cannot. I must wait until the grace has fully incapsulated his soul. Another reason why I cannot heal him."
He was furious, "When something tells you to stop, you stop! I don't care if it was a demon or some mystery monster we have never seen before - you stop! Who knows what could've happen, your eyes could've burned out for all we know!" He yelled at her, dropping the cloth as he took a deep breath to calm down. Since when did his emotions get that intense.
Sam rubbed the back of his neck, of course there's the whole him being raised by the dead and these sort of things happening to him- but it's nothing that the medical staff of humans could do for them now. "What does that have to do with an animal attack?" He asked.
"Jump-start the apocalypse." Dean finished.
"This isn't a dream, Dean." Castiel stated, standing pressed in the middle of the room.
"I invoke, conjure, and command you, appear unto me before this circle. I invoke, conjure, and command you, appear unto me before this circle." She repeats. The hunter couldn't help opening his eyes to look around, not sure on if this was working or not. "I invoke, conjure, and command you, appear unto me before this circle."
Sam watched the angel look down, he heard a small
"What the hell man to me??? You're the one who just broke a flask with one stomp! This thing was made of metal, how the fuck did you do that!?" Sam said kneeling down and grabbing the random pieces. "Now Ruby is going to be pissed!"
"Bobby- I'm fine, just a little tired is all."
The taller brother paused for a moment, probably debating on what to say next. It was short lived though when Anna spoke, which drew everyone's attention off of Dean and onto her. A measure that Dean was thankful of. "Somethings happening!" Her voice meek.
Castiel nodded. "For what I did to help him." He said simply. "I always do what it takes to complete the mission, even when I am not given orders beyond the original assignment."
The angel thinks for a moment as he rested his hands on his knees, his legs hung over the side of the branch that they were signed on. "More of the lower angels are assigned families, guardian angels. They look after a blood line and try their best to answer prayers after getting approval from a superior. Some of don't need permission and they go and help who ever they want. None are assigned to the Winchester family, but I try my best to look out for you both."
"Demons have a certain smell, sulfur. You and your brother know that at this point. Demons can have this sort of - sense if you will, that we can tell it has something to do with us. This isn't us. Just being in the same room as Dean makes me feel nauseous. I felt it back at the church, but I thought it was because we were on holy ground, but it's just Dean." Ruby explained.
"Look, I get it. You don't want him going all torture master again." Ruby says while holding up her hands in front of her, trying to relate and understand the other.
"Are you sure that you're okay?" Asked Sam.
"But what IS it!? I need to know what I'm dealing with to figure it out."
Sam looked up and waited for a moment before the ground began to shake, just like it had at Pamela's. He set down the bowl and retrieved his gun from his back pocket and let out a calm and shaky breath. His eyes darted around the empty basement before he spotted the angel right in the middle of the holy oil.
Sam looked back over at her. "He doesn't have to remember, I know you can block it out. Also I can find an easy excuse, I'll just say he got hurt by Alistair and we'll just have to get him a new one."
Sam was silent and looked down at the floor, worried about what the other must have done to save his brother.
Dean noticed this and slowly tried to sit up, only making it about half way where he perched himself up by the elbow, but it was useless as he collapsed back down to the floor, passing out from the trauma and blood lost.
Now that caught Dean's attention rather quick. "I didn't pray. I don't pray, I'm not into that bullshit. I don't kneel and clasp my hands for a man who doesn't give a shit about me."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"Assigned?" He asked.
"Good things do happen, Dean." The supposed Angel stated, taking another step forward, which instinctively made Dean take a step back.
The angel looked up, his arms hung lose by his side as he tried to speak. "Maybe Alistair is lying?"
The angel looked down, "I can't."
Dean nodded, leaning back against the dashboard now. It was an very uncomfortable decision, but he was fine with. "So what did you need to talk to me about?"
It took a moment later before Dean woke up and wrestled with the tube in his mouth. Sam let out a happy sigh of relief but ran out of the room asking for a doctor.
"You lost it!?" Ruby exclaimed.
Bobby took a step backward, "I, I don't-"
"Do you think he is possessed right now?" He asked.
Sam paused.
He looked to Sam for a moment before leaning back against the bed, his back hitting the wall while he folded his arms. "I'm starving. I try to pace myself, but it's torture. I uh... physically cannot get enough to eat. I-I haven't felt full since the day we came back from Pam's and you two basically fed me a grocery store. I'm- you know- able to eat enough to were I'm not distracted... but- I dunno, it feels like I can't eat enough." Dean confessed.
By the time he finally reached Bobby's home, he had been alive for about twelve hours and was exhausted. Dean never slept for more than four hours anyway, but the emotional toll on the day and the energy that he had burnt up today was making his engine run just a bit more intense. He needed a nap. It's kinda funny that he was dead for eight months and still wasn't rested enough. Thankfully it was morning, so he knew Bobby would at least be awake by now.
The younger brother tilted his head. "No it isn't. I have no clue what language this is. It's all symbols with some letters."
"Oh yeah, and what exactly was it that you wanted me to do? What was god's big winded up plan that I've heard oh so much about?" Dean glared.
"Sure has been awhile since we spoke, what is it- a week now?"
Sam folded his arms and looked down at the angel in front of, a little curious on this situation. He really didn't understand the step-by-step process, but he didn't need to know that. He still needed to do his plan. "Can it hurt anyone?" He asked.
Sam ran right over and knelt beside him. "Dean! Dean, what's going on???"
Dean looked down, his hands grabbing at the edge of his sleeves as he started to relent. "It's okay, Sammy. You don't have to apologize, I believe you." He mumbled. "I'm surprised you actually came when Bobby called you. Or even ran into the bedroom when you saw me. You're getting rusty, my guy." He said rubbing his wrists.
"So he's family, and I'm not?" She glared.
He turns on his heals and walks back over to the table, setting down the salt and tools as he picked up another blade, Ruby's blade. He washed it in holy water as he heard the demon behind him speak, but he wasn't paying too much attention at the moment. "I'm so happy it was your father." Came the broken yet resilient voice behind him. "You two brought it all on, and it was glorious to report."
The hunter ignored the angel's calls and continued on his mission. He was practically given the all clear to move forward and wake up his brother and that's what he was going to do. Sam rummaged his pockets and grabbed his phone and sent a quick text to Ruby that she should be safe while possessing his brother. The response he received stated that she would be there soon and just wait for her.
His stomach growled and he hunched over, just full on starving at this point. Worst than when he got out of the grave. Sam and Bobby took notice and came over. "Dean what's wrong?" Sam says and started to untie him, much to Bobby's protests.
Dean, I guess." Does everyone just know who he is all of the sudden? That's two strikes now.
He rolled his eyes again and waved his hand in dismissal, if he heard 'of the lord' one more time, he's going to shove his fist down Castiel's throat. "Cas, can you stop saying soldier of the lord? If you say it one more time, I'm going to start recording you and make a compilation to post on YouTube." He warned.
Sam was the first to break the silence, although he seemed like he didn't want to but had to based on his tone of voice. "Dean... we should get you dressed and hit the road before the doctor comes to check on you." He said softly.
He looked down at his body, and bites his bottom lip. Dean took a breath before carefully touching his bodies wrist, feeling the burns and scars that was left their by his angel. He didn't know why that burn was left, what caused it, and why it was still there when his body kept healing.
Alistair was screaming painfully, and Dean knew that the angel outside could hear every last bit of it. No matter who walked by or in, they could no be mistake for what was going on in this room. Dean turns the knife, burying the blade so deep that the metal only stopped as the tip of the blade hit hexacle. "Is that they heal. Well- to a certain degree. Such as like this. You can't heal of course, but you can't die. Now that's the beauty." Dean says letting go of the blade but leaving it stuck in.
The angel didn't respond right away, his focus slowly morphing back over to Dean. "This will be difficult to hear, for more than one reason. However, it must be addressed. You know Lilith, your brother and yourself fought valiantly against her - but she is doing things much worst."
Sam rose a brow and walked over, sitting on the beds edge next to his
He turns around and his eyes widen. Alistair standing there out of his chains and way out of the devils trap. "You should talk to your plumber about the pipes." The demon stated before punching Dean so harsh that he collapsed down to the floor and dropped Ruby's knife which made Alistair grin.
"Dean..."
Dean, however, didn't have that much of an affect.. It was more of a nuisance then anything else, but right now he was afraid. "
"Don't be like that. She said it warded off reapers so... I kept it."
The man's eyes widen, he gave a short gasp of relief as he walked over. He took a few steps, which Dean was grateful that he didn't come any closer to him. "You can hear me?" He askes, full of wonder.
. More of everything and it was exhausting.
Sam let out a sigh mixed with a scoff and nodded. "I've noticed, but you've been feeling more emotional and willing to share all of your thoughts, but not hell. I deserve to know after what the angels have said and done. Look- I know it's difficult to talk about, and nothing that I've been through can even compare. But... I need to know."
He went over to the dresser again, and pulled out a pair of socks, he forgot to grab some before he left to take a shower. "Thanks for dropping into another dream, Cas." Dean says in a semi-dramatic tone. He looked up and looked at the angel, who's head was slightly tilted to the side. "But usually when I have dreams about being in the shower? I'm typically pinning and being pinned." Dean sat down on the edge of the bed, slipping on some socks. Hey, at least now he knew why all of his cuts where gone. It's a dream, so it would make sense that they would be gone. Yet, he doesn't remember being in any position of where he would have fallen asleep. He hadn't laid down or sat in the shower.
Dean got out of the shower and felt a small chill down his spine from leaving the nice hot water. He didn't ponder on it, he had things to do. Carefully he reached over and grabbed the towel that was sat on top of the toilet and dried himself off to the best of his ability before throwing on a grey and green t-shirt and jeans. He wish he could have gotten into pajamas, but when someone is dealing demons? You need to be on the go at all times.
The taller brother looked around a bit and spoke out, without Dean agreeing to it. "Anna? It's me, Sam. I heard about the demon attack, I'm here with my brother."
Sam gasped slightly and put the knife down, his eyes lit slightly and Dean mentally groaned. Great, now his brother was going to go all fan boy on the angels. Just his luck. Dean turned back around and finally saw the other person who walked in. His skin was black and he wore a suit, similar to Castiel, but this man was lacking the trench coat. However, the biggest different was the other's wings. This new angel had a wider wing span, he could tell even with them slacking behind his frame. The wings looked brown, yet faded into a soft orange color. Reminded him of a hawk. "Him I don't know." Dean added, standing back at his brother.
Dean rose a brow. He didn't trust anyone easily, the one thing that has kept him alive this long. Right now he felt that he could trust Castiel, but another angel? A superior no less sounds a bit shady or dodgy. "Why do you need Anna?" He asks.
Castiel  tilted his head slightly. "That isn't how praying works, dean. You do not need to make theatrics. When one prays, it's a longing. A plea of sorts. It need not be vocalized, but one that is spoken is heard by all angels. Some are assigned, other's aren't."
Dean looked into a room and tilted his head, he took a few steps closer and placed his hand on the side of the doorframe as he looked in. Inside was a medical bed of course, with a young man sleeping inside of it. Short handsome black hair with caramel colored skin laying on top of the blankets with a tube in his mouth. The clothes he wore were identical to the ones he wore. In another part of the room stood two adult figures who must have been in their late forties who sat silently while in each other's comforting embrace.
words. "Well, I'm not buying what you're selling, so who are you really?"
Dean?"
"Then what about being able to see demons?  Your weird hunger? Drowsiness? Also the glowing eyes thing." Sam asked.
"Well-" Dean shrugs as he walks over and knelt beside her, helping grabbing the candles that she no longer had room for in her hands. "His loss."
Dean took the needle and traced it along Alistair's cheek, before gouging it right into his eye, causing the demon to scream out in agony and struggle against the chains. "Every line that I draw, I will ask for a name. Each line of which I don't get a name, adds another one." And he was not bluffing.
"Teach him now!" Sam yelled, his hands slowly closing into fists. "Before this kills him!"
"We said the same thing about Demons, yet you're fucking one."
Another laugh. The demon looked down at the remote, his fingers fidgeting with dials. "No, although it would have been fun to do." He smirked while looking back up, blood oozed down his face and landed on the concrete floor below him. "It's because you have potential. Potential to be one of the best torturers. Hunters... always got so much damn potential that I can't help myself!" Alistair took a step closer, making the gap now a foot less. "Especially the Winchesters. Something about corrupting this blood line is arousing... it's my true heaven."
Hairs stand up on the back of his neck and he whips around, grabbing scissors that where on the counter. He only lowered them as he saw it was just Sam who came back from probably getting coffee or something. Sam flinched and held his hands out. "Hey! It's just me- just me." Dean watched as Sam looked to the brother's hands. "Dude, can you stop stealing my flasks?" Sam said in an annoyed yet joking tone.
Uriel rolled his eyes, as well as letting out an annoyed sigh. Dean glared at this action, because he only seemed annoyed when his brother spoke. "We can handle the demon's just fine. Once we find out who it is."
The older hunter nodded, "Go take a shower and a nap, then we'll go track down Sam."
"Quite often actually, more than me by a long shot." A really long shot. He scoffs and looks at his brother then back at the doctor, folding his arms in front of himself as he spoke. "Look, get to the point. I know you're holding back something. This isn't my first rodeo trying to get information out of someone. Just tell me what's up."
The oldest continued. "If you knew it was a good thing to do, why did you stop doing it once I got back? When I told you I didn't want you going down this road before I died, I meant it."
"My grace is the only thing keeping him alive." Castiel said rather harshly, his tone spiking in either annoyance or irritation. "When the time is right, I will teach him on how to use it properly."
"Because!" Sam started, taking a moment to think of something to say. "We don't know what's wrong with you and he's not going to be any help. You suddenly being able to read languages that I don't even though is the least of our worries."
Every religion and culture had some equivalent of an Angel, but one thing always stayed the same. An Angel can lift a damn soul from the deepest bowls of hell. Usually it was meant to save a pure soul, so Dean couldn't rationalize why he had been hand picked. He still wasn't sold on the idea, but Bobby and Sam where and that's all that mattered. Of course Dean helped where he could, but most of the time he was instructed to go sleep.
Dean slowly nods, not really sure how to process this... sure - on one hand that bitch saved his brother, yet on the other she did lie. She was also a demon.
The Winchester looks down as his calf and reaches into his pant leg, pulling out a silver knife. He held it tightly and twirled the blade in his hands. This was either going to be really stupid or really terrifying and there was only one way to find out. Carefully, he unsheathes the blade and looks at the sharped weapon.
Dean put his hands into his pockets as he walked over to the door that the angel was pointing to. Alastair is visible through a window in a door, chained to a hexacle standing in the middle of a devil's trap. Dean didn't want to admit it, but he able to see that whatever methods that they had used to get Alistair to talk... was child's play. "Fascinating" He comments before turning on his hells and walking away from the metal door.
Dean was getting annoyed with all the questions, he put his hands out in front of him and gestured as he spoke. "Look, we've been dealing with demon crap all day, please tell me you two are here to help us out and give us some damn slack for once."
Dean started picking at his nails. Castiel must know more than what he is letting on at this point. He had to be. Of course he had to. He was the one who raised him from hell and said for him to eat and rest. He was the one angel that he actually knew and felt like he could trust. There had to be something else, something more for him to know. He needed the other to tell him... he needed to know the truth. Because something is wrong. He can feel it inside of him, he feels new, every emotion was worst, these new abilities? The lore says that damned souls could be raised, but didn't mention these side affects.
"Hello, Dean." Came a voice from beside him.
He crackles his knuckles before grabbing his lead pipe, the weight in his hands made it feel all the more real. He was about to torture a demon, and he was enjoying every second of it. Dean grabbed the salt and coated the outside rim and the dusted the rest with more salt crystals. "You have not disappointed me so far. Come on. You gotta want a little payback for everything I did to you. For all the pokes and prods. Hm?"
Dean just shakes his head and walked across the room over to the wall, keeping his gaze away from the two as he looked down the hall. Dead end. Fan-friggin-tastic. He turned his head to look the other direction. Same results. "You've got to be kidding me."
Bobby grabbed two beers from the fridge and walks over, handing one to Dean who greedily accepted. "Well, with the year we've been having. I'm not surprised you're back." Dean looked up at the comment, especially because of the tone that had been used. "Hopefully it's a good thing this time..."
Ruby rolled her eyes and moved to the back of the room, holding her own weapon, but staying far enough back to stay safe apparently.
"Say hi to your new Daddy, Deany~" Alistair sung.
Dean went over to his bed and slipped his shoes on, while he did so he noticed a familiar flask. He reached over and palmed it, examining it again like he had earlier. The engravings that were present felt odd under his fingertips. He held it at eye level and read what the outside of it said. "The unholier vial of demon blood." He said softly.
Sam smirks and held up a pair of keys, "Because we are taking the Impala."
Dean rolled his eyes, giving a faint chuckle as his arms fell back down to his sides. "I did climb out of a pine box yesterday."
The older brother looked up, his gaze away from his brother as he simply stared out the window. He watched cars pass down the roads and children playing on the playground across the street. The buildings that surrounded them felt claustrophobic. Sammy was right... he deserved to know, the only one who knew what happened to him was Cas, but Cas never let's him talk about it openly. Mainly, Dean doesn't want to talk about it- but whenever he tries, Cas tells him it's better to not speak about it.
Dean slowly nodded. "Dean." He said simply before freezing. Did this kid just say what he thought he just said? "What do you mean '
He looked back over, his brows pushed together. "What will you be asking us to do?"
No no no no no, not again. Not fucking again! Dean didn't stick around to listen to this kid before bolting out of there. He hasn't run this fast before in his life, even when he was being chased down by werewolves. The hunter ran down the rest of the hallway, dodging the random objects and people that where there before making it down to the stairs. He raced down them, thankfully whatever hospital they where at- only had a few levels. Dean navigates his way through the weeping families and makes it to a front desk. "I was brought here with another man, tall, long hair. Have you seen him?"
It took another moment for the other to gather his words, still very hesitant to believe this
Sam nodded slowly. "Huh." Was all that he said.
"Look- I'm fine. I'm always fine. I've eaten two meals today like both of you, didn't get seconds or thirds. I didn't hork it down my gullet, and maybe the whole eye thing was just from the spell. Pam was touching me, remember?" Dean says now removing a picture from off of the wall and grabbing a pure iron knife from behind it. The man chuckles to himself and admires it before sliding it into his jacket.
Sam nodded, "Yeah."
was the first to walk over, his hands going into his pockets as he looked at Dean in a sceptic manner. Dean couldn't blame him. He still remembers when Sam was possessed by Meg and he was worried to trust a word being said. "Why didn't you say that earlier?"
Sam stayed silent yet again, not able to look his brother in the face. He went over and sat down on the couch that his brother had been on moments before and put his head in his hands. Dean could tell he was trying to put together the words that he wanted to say and prove why they could trust Ruby - but knew that whatever he wanted to say wasn't going to be enough for the Winchester.
Pamela makes everyone sit down at the table, Dean and Bobby sitting beside her while Sam stayed across. She hummed while taking a match and lighting every little candle in a unique order. She also made sure to turn of the lights as the same time. "Alright, everyone hold hands." The boys do so. "Now, I need something that this mystery monster touched." Pam stated as she grabs Dean's upper thigh.
He looked around for a quick moment, and grabbed the first thing near him, which luckily was a chair. "Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait! Your name is Robert Steven Singer. You became a hunter after your wife got possessed, and... you're about the closest thing I have to a father. Bobby. It's me."
Dean tilted his head slightly, since when could creatures enter dreams? Well, yeah he knew people could dream walk- but that was different. "Fine, who are you?"
The demon smiles gently before reaching down her leg and pulling up her pants to reveal a sheath to where she pulls out a sharp knife. Sam watched her intently as she placed the blade against her wrist and cuts a thick line which drew blood the moment she drew the weapon away. Sam grabs her arm tightly and wrapped his mouth around her wound, sucking and drinking the woman's blood straight from the vein.
"We raised you out of hell for our purposes." Uriel reminded.
"Wait- what do you mean?" He asked.
Dean rose a brow and followed the angel over, he rested his back against the wall as he watched his with curious eyes. "Was it demons?"
"Okay fine, fuck man! You don't have to use that dad voice every single time you want me to do something." Dean grumbled and heads upstairs.
Castiel glared a took a few steps closer to Dean. The angel grabbed Dean harshly by the chin and rose his head, keeping a rather sharp grip. "It's not blame that falls on you, Dean, it's fate. The righteous son who begins it is the only one who can finish it. You have to stop it."
The young hunter roll his eyes and stole a chug of his beer. "Fine, tell me later. We're Sam?"
He opened his eyes. Looked left.
Sam now spoke up, his gun trained on Uriel's head. They still haven't found anything to kill an angel but shooting does seem to make them flinch a tiny bit even if it wasn't a lot. "We just got back from a witch hunt to save one of your precious seals, which don't seem to be holding up!"
The angel did not pull away, seemingly unafraid or opposed to the tight grip being displayed. "Because he was the holy man, not the righteous son."
"Well to look more presentable for one." Dean stated his hands giving a slight gesture before resting back on the leathered chair. "Shouldn't being a whole Angel of the Lord fall under looking good? Flirt to convert and all that?"
Cas tilted his head slightly, no expression on his features. Yet, Dean felt like he could tell what the other was thinking. It wasn't anything big, just a story. Although, Dean got the impression that the angel hasn't been asked questions like that before. "Well... Dean. I have watched over earth since the beginning of time, I was created on the second day along with all my brothers and sisters. However, in all that time, I have enjoyed watching over this generation the most. So much technological advancements and ideology being made is something I cannot explain. Also, the music is rather pleasant."
"So me coming back from hell wasn't right?" Dean asked, he could hear it in his own tone how defensive he sounded. He really didn't want to come across that way, but he's felt so much...
There was a small moment of silence, maybe Sam was expecting Dean to elaborate more. If he was- he was going to be disappointed because Dean wasn't budging on that. The brother stood up. "Alright, let's pop it back in."  Dean walked over, and braced himself against the bed, taking in a deep breath. He has broken, dislocated, sprained just about every possible bone and joint but that doesn't mean that this wasn't going to suck. "All right. Come on. On three. One..." Dean let out a graveled yell, feeling the other force his shoulder back into place. Smart of Sam to do it before hand.
"Well I'm all ears on any parting words that you're willing to give, because me and Bobby and Sam have gone through so much lore that I know how long a dragons dick is but nothing about what is going on with me."
It was a long while until Dean actually woke up by himself. It was probably a week that Ruby was possessing him letting the grace inside of him work, but he didn't know that. He didn't know that a demon was still currently possessing him and allowing him to take control of his own limbs. He was still in the hospital, bright lights and beeping machines filled his senses again.
A second later, Dean felt searing pain as the entire room filled with a white/golden light. He screamed loudly as he felt a heavy pressure on his chest. He shut his eyes tightly at the light, it felt like it was burning his eyes. He felt wind and cool air before finally feeling as if he was dropped. He opened his eyes but they where all blurry, he blinked a couple times and everything was blurry. He tried to look around, but all he could see was darkness. He didn't last much longer before he was out cold.
There was so many questions that he had to ask, so many things that he just didn't know the answers to. For one, what was that glow? Yes, he knew that Dean would heal quicker than him sometimes while on a case since he's been back, but this was different. Way different. Also that glow seemed to have been healing Dean, so why wasn't he healing now?
"Dean, this is serious. Something is seriously wrong and we need to find out what exactly that is." He said in a much more serious tone.
Sam nodded, letting out a sigh as he carded his fingers through his locks of hair. "Yeah-" he chuckled darkly, "I was going to die but Ruby... she appeared out of nowhere and saved me. I couldn't thank her enough."
The hunter watched as the angel slowly began to relax on the bed. The shoulders slouching as he returned to a normal position before having mentioned his superior. Dean was still curious about that. But, he wasn't going to mention it because Cas seemed to be in a type of soldier mode when that happened.
He gave a brief moment of pause as he looked at himself. There was a bright blue glow reflecting off of the screen that seemed to bounce off, he couldn't even see his pupils. Dean pulled down on his cheek and off to the side, trying to see more of his eyes. However, he stopped once he saw the glow going away, he bit the bottom of his lip as he saw his normal reflection bouncing back now.
"Get in there and heal him. Miracle. Now!" Sam demanded, his nose scrunched and lip twitching into a scowl. "
His arms shook as he managed to pull his body from the shallow grave, his nails clawing into the dirty beneath him- ripping up specks of grass by the root as he heaved his body. Once sprung free with every limb, he rolled onto his back- panting and heaving for the desperate need of air in his lung. The warmth of the sun was intense, but Dean just chalked it up to it being a long time since he's seen the surface. It made his eyes fall shut, taking in the violent rays.
Castiel looked confused with his head slightly tilted. "Hello, Sam." He said simply. The Winchester didn't waste a moment before lighting his lighter and throwing it against the oil which lit up the moment the flame was touched. Sam watched as Castiel looked at the holy flame rose up. "What is the meaning of this?" The angel asked, looking back over at the hunter.
"Every time one of us gets hurt... and we ask 'what do you remember', the one asking always either did something incredibly stupid or something that would break out trust, again. So which was it?" Dean says folding his arms.
The angel nodded and stood up, took a few steps back, and sat on the edge of the bed where his body was. Dean huffed and stood up from his seat, gesturing to the bed. "Same applies to the bed." He stated.
"Stay safe, Dean."
That made the two pause, both hunters turned to look at Dean. Dean could tell by their looks that they didn't know wither to trust him or to continue on with this
Dean felt his stomach twist into knots, how had no one seen him in days? He must have just been lying there only a few feet away from the playground. He sighs softly and carded his fingers through his hair and dug into his scalp. "God damn it." He huffed.
Sam sighed and shook his head as he sat down on the desk chair, not looking up from the floor. He felt a bit defeated, but that was not his main concern right now. He needed to find Dean- NOW before the Angel's make him do something that he knows Dean can't do, or they find out what's wrong him and kill him instead of curing him. "You think I wanna do this? This is the last thing I-" He says softly before looking up, his brows furrowed. "But I need to be strong enough, to save Dean."
Dean glared. "I'm driving, so get in the damn car."
"What is that Stain doing in here?" The angel, now known as Uriel asked, his glare going over to Ruby, who Dean kinda forgot at this point was still there.
Sam looked back at the other, confused. "Ruby, Dean's straight."
Castiel smiled softly. "That is the grace. All of the powers that I possess are now in Dean, and he can use it for his own. There are still things he has yet to exhibit."
He grabbed a beer and opened it, when he looked over the top of the fridge door- there was his big giagantor of a brother. Looking nervous and yet having an expectant look on his face. Dean didn't acknowledge him as he opened his drink and went back into the living room, four eyes on him and waiting for the blow out.
He chuckled slightly and sat back. "Seriously, there wasn't much to add. It's probably not what an actual angel looks like. I'm still not sure if it is even an angel."
Dean gasped. "Hey! That's my baby! I haven't been able to wrap my hands around her all week. The closest I got to her was being in her trunk when you both hog tied me."
Uriel took a step forward, meeting Dean right in the same area. Not intimidated in the slightest. The hawk angel was about to say something but Cas spoke quicker. "We have Alistair. But he won't talk. Alastair's will is very strong. We've arrived at an impasse."
What's wrong with tapes??? It ruins the whole aesthetic of the car! They were currently listening to the songs that Sam likes since he was driving. Neither Bobby or Sam thought that Dean was in any particular shape to go out and drive. Also, he has never been to this place before.
There was a pause. "What addiction?" Sam asked.
"Who is killing the hosts of heaven?" He asked through the blubbering groans of a crumbling demon.
Sam sighed, that was too vague for his liking. He nodded in understanding and stood up. "Well hurry up. I don't need you in him any longer than needed."
"The grace that he has is trying to expel me, it knows a demon is present in the body even though Dean doesn't." She says before screaming as she fell to the floor, coughing up blood.
Castiel nodded and sat straighter in the back seat of the car. He had to adjust his trench coat to lay on the seats beside him due to the size, as well as scooting higher up on the seat. If Dean didn't know any better, he'd assume this was the Angel's first time ever being inside of a car. If that was the case, that would be a real privilege for the other. "This automobile is rather uncomfortable. Practically useless to Angels."
Dean rose his gun and shot at Castiel who was ascending onto him. He fired. Once, twice, three times but did no good as he started to back up. The bullets didn't even phase the angel? At least the other things they encountered they would at least flinch. "Cas, stop...please."
The sounds started to pick up as he looked and saw more of these ice balls raining from the sky, and Dean took off running the opposite direction. If this was real life, which it really damn felt like it, then he knew that if a single one of these hail balls hit his head- back to the pit he'd go. Using his arms as a sort of helmet, he ran as hard as he could- trying to find some sort shelter.
"I don't believe you." Sam turns his hand further, making the other choke further.
Dean pulled away after a moment, getting a few feet back and out of the devils trap. He stood by waiting until the demon retched everything from blood to salt onto the floor. Good thing he saved his shoes that way. "Now look at that, you did spill your guts."
"She must die." Castiel interjected.
He rose a brow and looked at Castiel, he adjusted how he was sitting to face the other. A leg hanging off of the branch while the other stayed propped up on the bark. "Prayed for?"
Dean didn't really have time to comment though before Sam came rushing into the house, downing a flask and shoving his phone into his pocket. He rubbed a hand down his face as he paced back and forth in the open door before closing it behind him and walking into the room. His clothes seemed to be untucked, something only Sam did when he was frustrated or anxious. "What- Oprah said 'no' to the interview?" Dean asked, slipping on his flannel so it would marked wrists.
Sam let out a sigh and a nervous chuckle, "I didn't do anything. I just want to know what you remember so I can fill in any of the missing gaps."
Dean's body turned to look Sam, his head tilting slightly, but it was certainly Ruby in control at this moment, based on how she spoke. "It's his grace! I told you we where fighting for control!" She yelled. "Somehow it just became really strong!"
He walked up to the flame, only standing a foot away from it, his arms folded across his chest. "Tell me exactly what is going on with Dean."
Dean looked up at him, his eyes meeting the soulless ones. "Alistair." He glared.
Dean ran a hand through his hair, "What happened? Also, I thought I told you that I disliked hospitals after what happened with John."
soul you have, my dear."
Castiel walked over and sat down on the bed across from Dean, his wings delicately folded behind himself to were they where barely in few. Much to Dean's surprised disappointment. "There is a girl here, that I have told you about, the one who can hear us."
"It's not us. We're not doing it!"
The Winchester brother gave a sort of scoff, mixed with a chuckle. Yeah, he knew not to trust demons. He still didn't trust Ruby, but right now he didn't have a choice. "I know, but she's got the gal so I have to go along with this."
Dean knew this Demon.
Sam stops, causing Alistair to smirk slightly. Of course he went to speak, perhaps to deliver another one liner, but Sam didn't have any time for that. He holds his hand out yet again and curls it into a fist. Suddenly a bright orange and yellow light bursts inside of Alistair's body, twitching and convulsing until the body drops down to the floor. The host also dead.
"Jerk." He chuckles.
Do you know how painful it is to watch your older sibling in a hospital attached to an IV and a breathing tube? Wrapped heavily with bandages and unconscious for the past few days? There is no logical way to explain that sort of toll on someone's body that can mean. Yet there he was. Watching his big brother Dean fighting for his life. There was nothing that he could do about it, and he just had to sit there and wait.
Sam grabbed Dean's arm, "You can't summon him!" He yelled.
Dean pushed passed his brother and started to head down the hospital hallway, gripping the key tighter as he felt himself rising in anger. Quick footsteps followed behind him that sort of echoed, but they stopped behind him and kept pace. "What do you mean by that? How can you call him?" He asked, his voice sounded slightly panicked.
Scratch that thought, this man was about to become Angel road-kill if he kept that attitude up. "First off, it's one of the quickest ways to get from road A to road B. Secondly, you're riding in it wrong." Dean adjusted himself slightly, turning so his knees where on the seat below him. He leans over the chair and shoved Castiel against the back of the seat. Castiel's ears turned a slight pink, Dean chalked it up to the temperature in the car. "See? Just lay back and relax, sitting on the edge just gets you all bothered. Also if you laid with your back against the seat, it's a great way to take a nap in."
Dean sighed and folded his arms. That was too much of an obvious attempt to avoid a subject, but he'll go along with this angel for now. "Then why are you here?" he asked.
Dean played off that he wasn't hungry anymore, although he knew that Sam knew that he was lying. He looked fine, and Dean wasn't trying to grab anything in sight to eat so that's good. The main concern at the moment - was how exhausted Dean had become. They had started walking to cabin and the oldest Winchester brother was walking rather slow, he looked to barely be able to keep his eyes open. Yet, Dean kept saying that he was okay.
"Well- essentially it's what gives angel's their powers which we still don't know exactly those are." Sam commented.
Sam and Bobby left soon after that, mentioning how they were going out to Bobby's panic room and grabbing some books that they had yet to read. Most were old books about the bible and angels which they probably should have started out with first, but oh well, can't change it now.
The doctor gave a nod before walking back over to the door. "There is a grief counselor that will be here in a few hours just in case." He stated before leaving the room.
The demon yelled as she was forced against the wall, falling to the floor. She looked up and flipped her hair back with a huff. "Dean, I'm going in like it or not, don't leave me in a bad mood!" She yelled.
"You saw his eyes glowing, idjit. Even if Dean is still in there, that thing is too."
"Finished? What is that supposed to mean- we had to protect her." Dean paused... Sam wouldn't- no Sam wouldn't gank her based on what angel's said... right? "Sam you better not have-"
They got out of the car, Bobby following behind in a pick-up truck. Dean wiped his hands off on his shirt as he closed the door, for some reason he got grease on himself. He gave a sideways glare at Sam, an accusatory look.
When the other spoke, Uriel looked over to the other angel, which caused Castiel to looked forward and out of line of the Winchester's gaze. Dean found this odd, and seemed to put together that his previous thought was right. This was the superior he was briefly told about. His eyes widen as he rose his gun back up. "Whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay, I know she's wiretapping your angel chats or whatever, but it's no reason to gank her."
Dean stayed silent for another moment, giving a soft chuckle as he saw another blur at an hotdog stand. Long brown hair in a dorky outfit, standing next to a blonde haired girl holding one another's hands. He gave a sad nod but didn't look away from the scene of young love. "Them." He said soft. "This was one of Sammy's first dates with his girlfriend, Jess. He was going to marry her... he just was to naive to remember that The Winchesters never get that lucky." He said in an unexpected dark tone.
The hunter looked down and all he saw was dirt and grass. He rose a brow and finally looked around, biting his inner cheek. Where was he?
Dean rolled his eyes. "What makes you think I will just stay here and not trail you guys once I know you are far enough away?"
"It's a demon. Right up your alley." Castiel spoke.
He looked up, his eyes narrowing. "What?" He asked, the anger rising yet again.
He couldn't help but chuckle at the idea. Dean shook his head yet again as he started nursing the whisky bottle. "How's she going to do that? She gonna body hop again and walk in?"
Sam nodded in understanding, believing that all to have made sense. "How come if it's subconscious, his body isn't healing him now?"
"And we-" Uriel stated, looking back at Castiel. The look that was given made the other angel straighten his shoulders and look forward. "-don't care. Now, seven angels have been murdered, all of them from our garrison. The last one was killed tonight."
"This is what you prayed for." The angel commented.
Next he felt his brothers arms tighten around his legs and shoulders as he was picked up from the ground. Good thing Sam was strong. Dean laid his head against his brothers chest as he looked up at him. This felt too familiar, being in his brothers arms, limp, unable to move. That time, they knew the reason. This time? Dean didn't know. Nor did Sam.
The physic smirks, "My mistake." She stated simply.
"Doesn't explain the eyes, boy." Bobby said taking a few steps closer, gun at the ready.
The demon laughed as he continued his verse. "You are my sunshine, my only sunshine you make me happy when skies are gray, you'll never know dear, how much I love you, please don't take my sunshine away~" He hummed, leaning forward  with his chains. It gave his head a free foot away from the wooden bars, but his wrists and ankles were still firmly placed. "Now I am, Deany boy~"
"This devil's trap is old Enochian. He's bound completely." Castiel stated.
Jumping out the window probably wasn't the best idea, however, it was the brothers only means of escape so they had to take it. Falling from an attic of a church with centuries old stain glass meant getting cuts everywhere possible as well as landing in some of the worst positions possible.
After his last conversation with Castiel, Sam knew he needed to do something to save his brother. At first he considered selling his soul like Dean had done for him, but he remembered how distraught his older brother was after they learned that Dad did the same thing. Also, it's not like any Demon would be willing to make a deal with a Winchester at this point. Especially when they all most likely know that Sam is ready and preparing to kill Lilith.
"Ugh!" Dean grunted, "Have you ever used that thing before?"
Castiel looked over at the human, staying where he was by the metal door that held the imprisoned demon. "We had our orders to extract information from Alistair by all costs. We have tried most. But we are soldiers, not tortures."
He took in a shaky breath, still looking away from his brother. "So you where listening to that part?" he asked.
Dean sighed and walked over to his bathroom and turned on the water to the sink. He was tired, tired of everything at this point and he just wish he could close his eyes and not think for an hour. Is that so hard to ask? He just wanted a damn break. No nightmares, no demons, no nothing. Why was it so fucking hard to get one thing right. He just wanted one damn night to not worry about anything and feel like he had a break. That cannot be such a strange wish is it?
The hunter looked up at Bobby as he spoke, it kind of surprised him to hear the other's voice. Dean looked down at the ground for a second before back at his brother. "You're face has changed." He said simple.
Okay, looks like talking isn't going to work. He took a deep breath and kept his hands in front of him to dodge attacks. "It's just to wake you up, then she'll leave."
"Uriel! Enough." Castiel said appearing beside his superior with a hand on his shoulder.
Something came across Dean's mind.
Ruby, now posed as Dean giggled. "I know, but I was thinking that maybe it would feel more natural for him to wake up without the tubing in his throat. Unlike last time from what he can recall." She looked down and herself and clenched her fists and looked down at her body. "Damn, never thought I would possess a guy. This is so weird."
Dean frowns when he didn't get a response, not even a glance at his direction. Just continuing his mute sing along to Katy Perry.
Pamela smirks and led the men inside of her home, mentioning things to Bobby in passing about how she'd already talked to multiple spirts and no one so far has come forward to say who or what it was. Dean took a moment and looked at Sam, who looked uncomfortable being there. "Is she always this flirty?" Dean asked him, trying to get his brother to relax.
The younger brother looked to the oldest, he had a soft look about him, as if he was worried to ask whatever the next question was going to be. "You keep saying John, instead of dad." Dean's eyes widen slightly as he looked away from his brother, he hadn't even noticed he had been saying that. Fuck, how many times had he been saying that? Goddamn it, this is not okay. He ran a hand through his hair in thought, how long has he just been saying John?"
The man tilted his eyes, "I am not talking about animals and insects, Dean. Mayhaps I need to fix your soul more." Castiel says, taking a quick few steps to Dean who didn't have time to pull away before the man put a hand to his head and-
He looked back down at the remote, and lifted his thumb.
Dean's eyes flip back over to the glowing blue, his facial features change slightly. The smallest mannerisms to give it away.
"What? No- yeah yeah I'm fine. Don't worry about me, I'm in a park. Do you remember that place Bobby used to take us to? That's where I am."
Dean looked back at the mirror and glared at himself. He knew he lost weight, it was so obvious. He just didn't want to see it. He shook his head at the mirror, only feeling himself get more angry.
He took a step back, having Sam's hand fall off of his shoulder. "I don't need help, because I don't remember." Dean insisted.
Dean shook his head, walking closer to the door and looking through the window and seeing Alistair yet again in that dark room. He can see some of the blood that was on the ground from possibly previous torture methods, but judging by the blood amount- it was child's play. "Well, tell Uriel, or whoever... you do not want me doing this, trust me." He looked back over at Castiel.
Castiel stood up straighter. "I'll tell you. But you know that Dean won't remember this. Also I warn you, he still is not ready for this information. So it will be up to you to tell him if you truly want to go forward with this."
"You said it yourself! He asks us to pray to him! Saying 'Oh god where art thou!" But he doesn't even bother to listen to them!" He yelled. So much for finding peace in a soft dream.
are you, then?"
It flashed.
"Cas, listen to me. Whatever you think he isn't ready for- is killing him. You know this! You admitted to it yesterday, and you still won't tell us what's going on? How much of a douche can you be to not tell us?" Sam asked, looking obviously annoyed, but he retained it for now. Letting out a slow breath as he tried to calm down. "So, you aren't leaving until you tell me what is wrong."
He let out a soft breath, this was the best of nothing right? He needed Dean to get better, and he trusted Ruby. If anything where to happen, he knew she would do the right thing. "Okay, fine. Only to when he gets better."
Dean hisses softly, feeling the wrist that she was touching starting to heat up as it slowly started to  burn like it had when he crawled out of his coffin. He looked over to his brother and Bobby. He saw their looks, and they were just as terrified as him. "Maybe we should stop." Bobby spoke.
"Yes, you are talking about it! I want to know, I've been honest with you and now you need to be too." Sam says standing in front of the mini fridge, preventing Dean from grabbing any for himself.
