Tony just shook his head. His mouth had already landed him in enough trouble.
represent?” Tony asked. He watched the micro-expressions crossing her face and decided that she was the one he needed to convince.
The machines monitoring Tony suddenly went haywire and everyone rushed towards the bed. Tony’s eyes were rolling back in his head and he was shaking as though he was having a fit.
Thor turned to Steve. “I would be happy to spar with you, Steve.” He smiled. “Expending a little energy would be just the thing, I think.”
Tony wracked his brain trying to remember his first year college course on Norse Mythology. When Thor had entered into their lives it had proved fairly helpful.
Also I apparently am ending each chapter with a 'fuck' comment. /0\ My mom would be so mad.
“Mr. Stark?” Great, now the hallucinations had started. “Mr. Stark?” Pretty persistent hallucinations, Tony thought.
Steve looked over at Thor. “Any ideas?” he asked, heart beating a little too fast at the thought of Tony alone in there with the craziest person he knew.
“He’s off limits,” Steve growled. Tony sucked in a breath, all amusement gone.
Steve looked at him. “Why do you ask?”
“How can I soar with eagles when I’m surrounded by turkeys?” Tony explained.
“Tony.” Steve sounded anxious.
Thor’s eyes narrowed. “How would you know of Mjolnir?” he demanded.
not judging.” He scowled at Steve. “I repeat. Worst. Boyfriend. Ever.”
Loki’s eyes, the same cat-like green of Matilda’s, narrowed. “I always repay my debts,” he said, lifting his chin. “Within reason, of course.”
Bucky arched an eyebrow. “Oh yeah?”
They moved to either side of him, warm palms touching his hands, heat bleeding into his frozen flesh.
“The hand?” Clint asked.
Laura touched Clint’s cheek. “Don’t be a dumbass,” she said and it was clear in the softness of her eyes that their marriage was healing.
“Where?” Sam asked. Pertinent questions only.
Tony flipped him off. “On a scale of one to Lady Godiva, how much damage have I done?” he asked Pepper.
“Oh. My. God.” Sam sounded amazed. “Well, that answers
Rhodes snorted this time. “Yeah, not the right word, Tones. Try another.” He softened his words with a smile. Steve wondered how he could have given this up, walked away without a thought.
Tony shook his head. “That guy was perfect. You aren’t.”
“He’s impossible.” Natasha’s sigh was horribly fond.
“While we are all in agreement that there is a need for some sort of ‘management’ of superhumans, perhaps, in our fear, we allowed a bill to pass that wasn’t exactly bipartisan.” The President smiled a little at him. “We didn’t take those on your side of the equation into consideration at all.”
“What’s going on here?” Rhodey’s voice broke into the tension that hung in the air like a blanket. “Tony?” Sam and Bruce stood at his back.
The only word Tony could think of was evil. Then the rest of the thesaurus flew into his head. Repulsive. Depraved. Despicable. Abhorrent. Revolting. Awful.
“Too many times to mention,” Rhodes agreed.
“Hi Dad.” Cooper didn’t move. “Are you back for good this time?”
“That's because Tony stole his boyfriend.” Sam tipped his glass at Tony. “You stole Captain America's boyfriend. Go you.”
“Thank you, Lois Lane,” Tony snapped.
Natasha stared at the hologram. “He used the stones again.”
“He's a good man.” Steve said. And it was true. Tony was a good man. Beneath the razzle-dazzle of Iron Man, and the Stark genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist mask, Tony was a
Tony squeezed his shoulder, throat closed. “I just want to tell you that I love you, Bruce.”
“Unique?” Steve asked from him slouch. Tony didn’t dare look over. He wanted to crawl between Steve’s knees, pull his pants down and worship his beautiful cock. His brain went a little hazy.
“Dr. Banner, if you have control of the Hulk, as you claim, then can you prove it?” T’Challa’s question was like a bomb in the sudden silence.
Clint cleared his throat. “So, she was busy with Steve, and he obviously wasn't getting what she was trying to tell him so she started with Morse code.”
“Sure,” Bucky sat up straight. “You got something for me?”
“Your
“I know what it is to be afraid.” He put his hands on the podium, leaning a little forward. “Hell, most of the time I’m terrified.” He shook his head. “I did some very stupid things, made some very bad decisions that ended up with a hole in the world and more death than anyone should have on their conscience.”
The team went silent.
“And?” Steve prompted.
“Walk?” Steve asked. “Where?”
The first impression Tony got as he stepped through was the cold. He wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting, but the glacial wind that blew right through his bones wasn’t it.
Suddenly Steve wasn't one hundred percent sure
“So she’s a seer,” Bruce mused. “That explains a lot.”
He scooted back on the bed, keeping one hand on Tony’s hip so that he wouldn’t be jostled off. Tony grinned at him. “You are a very good boy,” he noted.
Lee shook his head. “No, sir.” Fury's intel hadn't been correct then, Steve thought. Interesting.
Tony waggled his hand when it seemed as though that was it. “Eh, I give it two out of ten for actually motivating anyone.”
Steve didn’t look happy about it. “This isn’t something that only affects you.”
Steve agreed with the sentiment entirely. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. is there anything we can do?”
“Pfft.” Natasha’s eyebrow rose. “Getting your boyfriend to fight your battles for you these days, Stark?”
“The snake is the wall,” Tony said, knowing he was right. “The magic has been eroded and the gateway between our world and Asgard is thinning.”
Tony and Bruce watched as WSC Secretary Alexander Pierce asked WSC Councilman Singh, “Let me ask you a question. What if Pakistan marched into Mumbai tomorrow, and you knew that they were gonna drag your daughters into a soccer stadium for execution? And you could just stop it with a flick of the switch. Wouldn't you? Wouldn't you all?”
It wasn’t the right time, but Tony just wanted to hug Bucky and then raze Hydra to the ground all over again.
“What are we looking for, sir?” At least with the constant voice in his ear, Tony didn’t feel quite so alone.
“Guess we’ll find out soon enough,” Rhodey shrugged. “Where’s Bruce with the coffee?”
“This was
Tony rubbed at his eyes, head suddenly aching. “That Ross was trying to steamroll the law into Congress.”
“It’s yours, you should open it,” Steve told him, pushing his hand gently back. “Odin doesn’t do anything without a purpose.”
Matilda fought against Thor and Clint and finally, Bruce managed to get her tranquilized. “I hope this holds long enough for me to draw some of the poison.”
She released her shields with a small, wounded sound. Steve took a step towards her, but Vision pulled her into his arms before any of them reached her. “I am sorry.” Her words were muffled against Vision's chest. “I thought...”
Tony choked on his coffee. “What?” His eyes teared up as he coughed.
Tony sighed. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. can you do a little digging and find out where…”
Tony felt his gaze slide over to where Jörmungandr sat. “He didn’t understand the consequences,” he explained. “He thought that by destroying Asgard he would be rid of his father.” Jörmungandr’s head came up and he fixed his eyes on Tony.
Natasha and Clint would disappear for days at a time, and Steve would never know if they were on assignment, or on the farm until they came back. Their eyes would tell him where they’d been, what they’d done. If they’d killed, if they’d lived.
“You lookin’ for that precious princess of yours?” Barnes’ mouth quirked in a cross between a smirk and a sneer. Tony found it inappropriately hot.
Other Guy.”
“Maybe because you have exposed him as a psychopathic superhuman mass murderer?” Bruce suggested.
“About vivisection,” Coulson said. “She still has some abandonment issues to work out.”
Sam basically beamed at him. “And Iron Man gets the prize.”
“A mile away, William Tell,” Tony snickered as Steve glared at him.
Tony flung up his hands. “Shoo, go play, the three of you. Go beat each other up like I can see you’re itching to.”
“I wasn’t sure if we’d need him,” Tony explained. “I mean, usually we win on our own.”
“Ooh, I’m so scared,” Tony shivered, clearly anticipating something of the sexual variety. Steve moved to Bucky. “You look better,” he said, bending to kiss him. It felt so natural that he wondered why he hadn’t ever tried to act on this back when they’d been growing up.
“Diplomacy?” Natasha offered.
Steve's heart sank. He sucked in a slow breath. “I'm sure he's fine, Buck. Tony has a habit of landing in the shit and coming out smelling like roses.” God, had he always been so bitter?
Tony glared at them. “I’m not going to tell you if you’re going to be dicks about it.” He crossed his arms. “Fuck you all very much.”
“Your people lost it,” Strange shrugged. “The blame is to be shared.”
Loki subsided with a mutinous growl.
“Because I don’t want any of you to feel like you owe me something,” Tony said as his shoulders hunched up. “I actually didn’t want to see you, but there was nowhere else you’d be safe until the ratified Accords are announced.”
Dean pulled out a battered leather-bound book, turning open to a page near the back.
you need.” And he meant it. This beautiful man had been so fucked over by the people in his life, and yet he trusted Tony with everything. It blew his mind.
“You followed me…” Steve didn’t want his friends to be blamed for his actions.
Steve blinked. “Tony.” His eyes went dark. “What the hell are you talking about? What is ATTS?”
“Guys,” Steve didn’t want a pep talk. “We don’t know what the situation is or why Bucky is with Tony. I don’t want to make any assumptions.” But he had. He’d assumed so much after realizing that Bucky and Tony were together.
“That’s not Tony!” Bruce said, almost hysterically. “That’s Steve.” He gave a little wave. “Hey Cap.”
“Well, that sounds perfectly horrible,” Bruce drawled.
Tony sighed. “You really are the world’s biggest party-pooper, you know?” he complained.
“Will do,” Tony said with a small smile sent in Bucky’s direction. “I have things to do when I get out of here.”
Steve wiped a hand across his mouth. “This is disgusting,” he said.
Steve knew. He’d been here before, in another life, with another friend, and he knew how this ended.
“The what?” Tony asked.
Tony loved that his newly acquired boo was being all grr-argh, but this really wasn’t the best way to get on Pepper’s good side.
“So, when can I leave?” Tony asked, the machines beeping already making him antsy.
“She threatened me,” Tony acknowledged. “Apparently it doesn’t matter who else I inform of my movements, if I don’t tell her, then I’m a dead man.”
“I didn’t know,” he said quietly. The snort from his left told him what Tony thought about that. “Not for sure,” he insisted. “Zola intimated that your parents had been killed by one of the Winter Soldiers. I didn’t know about Bucky then.”
“He tell you where Tony was?” Bucky asked Natasha the question Steve should have asked.
Steve knew his smile was a little wobbly. “He’s the only link I have left of my life before. He’s the only one who loved me when I wasn’t Captain America.” His arms tightened. “I’d do anything to keep him safe.”
Bucky kissed like he lived – fast, hard and desperate.
“What are we cooking?” Clint asked around a bagel.
“You just broke it off with your girl,” Bucky said. “I seriously doubt you’re okay.”
There was a heavy sigh as Rhodes transformed into Loki. “You are no fun anymore, brother.” The words were somehow both bitter and fond.
“I can give you names,” Tony offered. “As long as you don’t ask where or how I know.” Bruce knowing about his little Back to the Future trip was already asking for trouble.
of what I have seen, what I have been through!”
Tony’s mouth ticked up in a smile. “Well, you’re not gorgeous and don’t have magic,” he said.
“Perhaps it has something to do with the fact that his blood carries the power of death,” Strange suggested. “The Cloak of Levitation is a living thing, it would be afraid of death in any form.”
Tony watched Clint’s eyes go wide and shocked. “Coulson?” The name was barely a whisper.
“When my stomach is empty then my brain is full,” Tony mumbled.
“That’s okay.” Bruce returned his smile. “But we really want to help.”
wishes?” He still wondered how these all-powerful stones had come into existence.
Steve rubbed his eyes. “I really did.” He didn’t watch them leave, choosing instead to wander back to the open doors that led to the garden.
Bless Rhodey for his lack of questions. He just grunted, “On it.”
~~~O~~~~
Pepper’s gaze narrowed. “Don’t you even go there, Steven Rogers. Right now, Tony is lost and you need to find him.” Her hand clenched on his arm. “He’s falling apart and you have to catch him.” She waved her other hand at the new team. “He said you didn’t even ask him to stay.”
“What do you mean?” Tony asked; mesmerized by what he was seeing.
Tony made a finger pistol out of his thumb and forefinger. “And the prize goes to Sergeant Barnes!”
“Yes.” Steve was shaking. He’d been so very wrong.
He held Tony in his arms like something precious, something to be treasured. Tony dug a hand into Bucky’s hair, rolling his hips a little. Letting him know that he wouldn’t break. Bucky moaned into his mouth, kissed him with a little less finesse, a little more desperation.
Tony sighed. “I'm clearly the most unobservant genius in the world.”
He turned slowly to the huge glass doors leading out to the landing bay and barely contained a wince when Thor swept him into an embrace. “Tony Stark! Hale and well met, my friend!” Mjolnir lay at the doorway where he’d dropped it.
Tony swallowed hard. His last memory of Bucky Barnes had been of him hobbling away with Steve’s arm wrapped around him while Tony lay struggling to breathe as the icy cold of winter folded over him. “I don’t need your help,” he rasped.
“Do I get to shoot lasers out of my eyes?” Rhodes seemed hopeful.
He shook his head, getting his laughter under control. “No, Natasha, I’m very much not okay. I haven’t been okay for a long time. But somehow, having you all here, under one roof, there’s almost a sense of rightness.” He pushed up and away from the table. “I’m past exhausted, practically delirious, so I’m not going to deal with that just yet. I’m going to get some rest and then start the search for the Soul Stone.”
“And if he doesn't?” Loki was apparently determined to alienate all of them. “If we lose?”
“Her magic must have done that,” Natasha said, looking down at Wanda’s body. “She didn’t bargain on you, Barnes.”
Steve’s shoulders were tense and he avoided her gaze. “He has chosen to step out of the Avengers Initiative and I respect his decision.” He sounded formal and stiff and he was lying through his teeth.
“Do you want to see what Thor’s daddy sent me?” Tony asked, sitting beside him on their bed. He held the box out to Steve.
Tony looked up at him. “Get help. Right. The fuck. Now.” His hands were wet. He didn’t want to look at them, refused to acknowledge that this was Steve’s blood running over his hands.
“But he calls you Captain America,” Tony pointed out, because he was a petty bitch, and Coulson’s Bambi eyes at Steve were starting to annoy him.
Rhodey thumped him on the back unhelpfully. “Deep breaths, Tones.”
version of Bucky better. It ate at Steve’s gut like an ulcer.
“Oh, they’ve killed,” Clint assured them. “But as far as I know, only the bad guys. Demons, werewolves. Wendigos, shape shifters, you know, the monsters?”
Steve shoved Bucky with his shoulder. “You’re such a jerk.”
Tony blew him a kiss. “Thanks for the back-up by the way, Brucie-boo. I love it when you get all ‘grr…argggg’ in your Bruce suit.” He made the appropriate clawed hands.
I think this is a chapter that had to happen. Right from the beginning this was going to happen. Bear with me.
Tags amended for those who were offended. But I did warn y'all in the beginning that it might go this way.
“You talk too much.” Bucky put a hand over his mouth. “Sh. Sleep.”
Tony had a feeling that it was a rhetorical question. He still wanted to answer. “Yes?”
Tony started laughing. This was the absolute juiciest cherry on the top of an exceptionally fucked-up day. The idea that Captain Perfection would even
Tony wanted to ask Thor what he’d done with Steve’s body, but he had an idea that it wouldn’t be the first time he’d asked the question.
Steve flushed. This body he’d been given wasn’t the one he’d been born with, but it certainly made people pay attention to him. “Bet you say that to all the dames,” he said with a quick glance at Bucky beneath his eyelashes.
Tony flopped onto his bed with a groan. “F.RI.D.A.Y. no disturbances on pain of death,” he ordered.
“I was supposed to still be in the cryo-chamber,” Bucky said. “When Wanda flipped her shit she shorted out the unit and I woke up.”
Tony kicked his shin. “You. Are a dick.” He wagged a finger at Strange. “I’m telling Professor X on you.”
Tony refocused on Skurge. “How are you doing that?” he asked, hurrying to catch up.
Tony had a vision of a leather collar and a quirt. It made him whine. “I’ve changed my mind,” he told them breathlessly. “I don’t want this anymore.”
“Wanda? What about Wanda?” Steve ignored the rest of the sentence, and focused on the girl who had almost broken Tony’s mind.
“Language,” Tony sang. Steve’s flat stare turned on him.
“Right.” Tony had clearly not thought this thing all the way through. “Any ideas?” The forest was quiet, Tony noted. A quiet that wasn't just...quiet. It was like the earth was taking a breath. He landed softly.
Bucky sucked in a breath that sounded more like a sob. “I will
Thank you for sticking by me. I don't know if I'll ever writing something this huge or complicated again.
“If you get alien tech it means that we’re being attacked,” Rhodey pointed out. “Not always a great by-product.”
“So, what you’re telling us is that this snake, Jörmungandr, has escaped and wants to kill the gods of Asgard?” Steve could sum up things in such a way that it made Tony feel stupid. It’s why Steve was in charge. He saw the whole picture, not just the part that was in front of him.
“As I am incapable of forming a corporeal body, I am assuming that Sir is detecting the concern in my tone.” JARVIS could out-prim the goddamn Queen of England.
“I should have taken accounting,” Fury told the room at large.
“Hey!” Tony felt aggrieved. “You didn't check it last night!”
For the rest of his life, every so often, Tony would see something flash out of the corner of his eye. When he turned to look, it would slip away like quicksilver.
And that was why Bruce was pretty much the best bro Tony had. Not even Rhodey would have just accepted Tony’s words at face value.
Natasha lifted her head from her book. “Barnes?” she asked green eyes intent on him.
“They will beg you; plead with you to release them in any way. They will ask you to kill them, kill me even,” Crowley said. “There is nothing you can do. You’re mortal, for one, and incapable for another.” His sharp eyes met Steve’s. “That little piece of paper that Sam Winchester slipped you can do nothing for them or to me.”
Steve rubbed his eyes. “I think we all need to take a break,” he said.
“Huh,” Rhodes said. “But I get the super strength and healing too, right?” he asked Loki with a hopeful expression.
“As always, it’s lovely to see you, Stark.” Strange walked in behind Coulson, his stupid cape billowing about him even more than Thor’s. Tony could foresee a cape-flowing competition in his future.
“Man, I hate riddles,” Scott muttered. “I’m crap at them.”
Tony grinned at him. “It’s the only way they know how to settle an argument.” He watched Bucky and Clint put their hands behind their backs. “It’s always easier than ending in blood. So hard to dry-clean out of a uniform.”
This has taken an interesting turn. Thanks for hanging with me :D
“Seriously, I’m sorry, I fucked up.” Tony went to her, wrapped his arms around her and held on.
“Three with Dr. Strange,” Vision agreed, his face giving nothing away.
“Captain!” Thor boomed, grabbing Steve's hand and shaking thoroughly. Thor always did things big. And loudly.
Steve’s phone rang. “It’s Falcon,” he told them when he looked at the display. “I’m going to take this.” He walked to the balcony with the phone at his ear.
“He didn’t do it for you, Captain. He did it to keep a promise to Margaret Carter.” He looked around the room. “I need to return to New York. I hope that the technology helps you.”
google Avengers fan fiction, buddy. I don’t think you could handle the trauma.” Tony stopped abruptly. “Um.”
let that happen to you,” he promised.
Tony looked up at Dean and saw sorrow etched in every line of his face. “What happened?” Dean asked, edging nearer to his brother.
“But Bruce, Brucie, Brucie-Bear,” Tony put on a whine.
Tony felt Bucky and Steve behind him. They were waiting for him to finish, he knew. “I’m really happy to be seen,” he said to Bruce.
“He did good.” Tony felt the need to assure him for some reason.
Bucky’s eyes were narrow on Tony. “Second base? Are you twelve?”
They all looked at Steve. “So I guess it’s my turn, huh?” he said, mouth twisting. Tony saw Bucky reach out, put his hand on Steve’s shoulder and squeeze. It shouldn’t have made him angry, but some tiny, petty, jealous part of him was furious.
Tony snorted.
the guy that had become the person Steve had called his friend. “So, are we gonna fight, Rogers?” Tony asked.
“They’re here, boss,” FRIDAY told him. “Behind the doors to your left.”
“Please, Tony, I’m exhausted. I don’t think I can stay awake another moment, but I also can’t deal with you being out of arms reach just yet.” Steve pulled out the big guns. Tony was helpless against the eyes.
“You worry,” Tony told her. “Every time I go out there, you worry.”
Loki opened his mouth.
“Bucky!” Steve’s eyes were wide with horror. “Shut the hell up.”
Tony almost bit his tongue.
“And Vision?” Tony rubbed at his jaw. His beard needed some attention.
Natasha nodded towards the stairs down to his workshop. “He went into hiding,” she said.
Tony sighed. “God, we haven't caught up in a spell, have we?”
Natasha merely nodded. “Is there anything we need to know about the program?” She spoke briskly, keeping the tone professional.
“Why yes, Steven Rogers, it is you,” he quipped.
Like him.
“We found it once,” Sam said in an off-hand sort of way. “It’s a well-balanced weapon.”
Steve forgot about how he was feeling as he hauled Bucky into his arms. They sat there on the cold floor of Tony Stark’s bathroom as Bucky wept into Steve’s neck.
“Good Captain, we have need of your counsel,” Thor declared the moment he spotted Steve.
“Too long,” Bucky said, dropping his head onto Tony’s shoulder. “I don’t deal well when the people I lo...care about go on missions without me.” Steve didn’t miss the slip. Bucky was still not used to talking about his emotions.
“Not funny,” Rhodey said.
“If you think this is bad, wait until we hit Hell,” Sam said. He led them towards the trees. They walked two-abreast. Sam and Steve, Clint and Natasha, Bucky and Tony, with Dean bringing up the rear.
“Hello, crazy person.” Tony waved at him as the door slid shut. The President was clearly trying to communicate with him with his eyebrows. Tony had never perfected the language, so he focused on the dude wearing horns.
There were questions still to be answered. They needed to figure out how to help Thor save Loki. Tony was surely busy planning something to create havoc with them all because heaven forbid he actually stop meddling with powers he can’t understand.
Steve put up a hand. “We all lost,” he said, keeping his voice even. “I would really like to focus, even if it’s a crazy thought, on that small piece of hope we have now. Just for a moment.” His voice turned pleading as he finished speaking.
Steve frowned. “I don’t think I’ve seen them.”
“When S.H.I.E.L.D. dropped all of their files on the internet, did you perhaps see what they had on me?” Bucky was pale now, a bead of sweat forming at his temple.
“Only if you're very good,” Steve promised with a wicked grin.
Once they got past the crazy Asgardian who'd kidnapped the President.
at Tony in that way was beyond absurd.
“Ah, M-theory,” Tony mused. “How I have not missed you in the slightest.” He tapped his lower lip as he thought. “How many dimensions have you added?”
“Bite me!” Tony called back.
Tony gaped, pretty sure he was doing an excellent imitation of a fish just then. “What? Why? What?”
“There was too a thing,” Tony insisted. “James the Giant Peach says there was a thing, so there was a thing.”
“Do you feel okay?” Bucky was running his hands over Tony’s body.
Rhodey coughed into his fist. Tony thought he heard a “bullshit” somewhere in there.
~o0o~
you!” Crowley shouted back.
“Yup,” Steve leaned down and kissed him again. “I’ll see you in a bit.”
Tony looked at her. “You mean if we’d grown up normally, had normal lives, then we wouldn’t be Avengers?” He hadn’t ever thought about it that way.
Tony lifted a shoulder. “The Kitty King didn’t say.”
Steve and Tony
“Like Super Nanny?” Lila asked; eyes bright. “Are you Super Nanny, Uncle Tony?” The spluttering laugh from Pepper had Tony glaring at her.
Steve’s eyes went icy. “I don’t make promises I can’t keep,” he said, those ridiculous shoulders squaring up once more. “You know me better than that, Tony.”
blushing. “Shut up, Rhodey.”
“Yes, sir,” she replied. “Should I order Louis Vuitton or Prada?”
“I may have misplaced something,” Tony hedged, keeping his gaze firmly on Barnes’ chin.
Tony’s shoulders slumped. That wasn’t supposed to have slipped out. “That was supposed to have been silent,” he muttered.
“Good luck,” Steve said, grasping his hand. “And Loki?”
“Yeah,” Tony said, landing on the narrow ledge that went around the Cage. “Who’s asking?”
“We’re ready.” Sam’s words had them all swallowing hard. “Here goes nothing.”
“You were arrested for treason,” Tony bit out, hating the memory. He turned in a slow circle. “This must be a dream. There’s no other explanation.”
It just wasn’t home.
“And then Ultron happened,” Clint added. “Tony messed up, Pepper. He didn’t even talk to us.”
Tony closed his eyes. “And did we win in any of them?” He knew the answer already.
Tony breathed a sigh of relief. “That is wonderful.”
Tony watched Bucky and Steve walk up the stairs together. There was careful caution in every line of both their bodies. They were two of a kind, he thought. Cut from the same too noble, too perfect cloth.
Sam moved to the co-pilot’s seat beside Clint. “You okay?” he asked.
His phone rang. The caller ID flashed
“I’m thinking about stabbing you anyway,” she told him, allowing him to pull her close. Her arms went around his waist, clamped down hard. “Dumbass.”
Bucky stared at them. “Fucking nuts,” he whispered to Steve.
funny, Barton.” Pepper’s stare was almost as terrifying as Natasha’s. Steve had learned that when it came to the women in his life, he seldom argued. Clint tried to turn invisible.
for the correct Russian word <3
“Asgard is no more,” Thor said, setting Matilda down. In a flash she hopped up onto Tony’s bed, curling in several circles until she found the spot she wanted. “It was of no matter what you named that world.”
much you love him?” he breathed into Tony’s hair.
“That shield does not belong to you. You don't deserve it! My father made that shield!”
“Including Ross trying to stop you,” Steve said. “Have you found him yet?”
Steve bit back his reply and thought about the question. He closed his eyes. “He’d have been just another lab rat to them, sir.”
“That’s because I feel like I’m going fucking insane,” Tony told her. “These Winchesters, I need to know more about them. Everything you can find.”
Tony barked a laugh. “You’re hilarious,” he said. “Why didn’t I remember that you’re hilarious?” He didn’t mean to sound accusing.
Tony squared his shoulders as they headed back up the stairs. “On a scale of one to evisceration, how pissed off is Nat?”
“Steve!” Tony exclaimed, making grabby hands at him. “Oh Captain, my Captain!”
“Keeping things to yourself has never worked out well,” Bruce told him. When Tony opened his mouth to protest he added, “For anyone.”
“Wanda says it’s evil,” Bruce said, injecting just enough scorn to piss off the angry witch lady.
Bands of spells slipped around Strange’s arms like miniature bracelets and he smiled a little grimly. “Might wanna use it.”
“I’m a walking, talking, breathing phenomenon,” Tony agreed. “But we are now done with the invasive alien probing.”
Tony went cold. “What the fuck are you talking about?” he demanded. And then stopped. He looked over at Rhodey with horror in his heart. “Extremis,” he whispered. Rhodey’s eyes went wide.
“I am told by the All-Father that it is one of the Titans who seeks to dominate all those who refuse to subjugate themselves to his will,” Thor said.
“I am merely an observer of human nature, Captain,” Vision demurred. “I find it increasingly difficult to forgive emotional stupidity.”
“Bruce?” Steve asked.
“They want to register us?” Bruce whispered. Tony forgot how smart Bruce was sometimes. That mild-mannered exterior hid a mind like a blade.
“No!” Steve put his hands on the table, leaning forward. “You are not a power-hungry nutjob, Tony. You’re an inventor, you love being in the field. Being Iron Man isn’t a suit you slip on, it’s who you
“I am an android, Tony.” Vision’s eyes went soft. “You are always prepared to lie down on the wire to save the world. Can you not permit me to do the same?”
“Where are you going?” Steve asked.
His chest ached. Some days he thought it was the ghost of the arc reactor, years gone now.
Steve just carried on, pushing one thick finger inside Tony. “Sh, I’m concentrating.”
“How?” Bucky met his gaze. “You're the leader. They should obey orders.” He sounded like it was that simple.
“The Fantastic Four?” Tony added.
“I’m scarred for life,” Rhodey told Steve, expression very grave. “There are things you just shouldn’t know about your team leader.”
Steve did. “You think he could help?” Her face showed nothing.
Dean opened his mouth to protest, but Sam put a hand on his arm.
“We haven't.” He broke Steve's heart with two words. “Seventy some years ago we were best friends, sure. But Steve,” he met Steve's gaze, let him see the man who suffered within. “That guy, the one you knew, he doesn't exist anymore.”
Tony’s brain blanked. He was going to have to go to a neurologist to help him with these sudden losses of cognitive function. That or he was needing to get his hearing checked.
is standing right here,” Steve pointed out, tone dry as the Sahara.
“You’re not friends then?” Pepper asked. Her eyes flicked between Tony and Matilda, much as Steve’s did. Neither of them trusted the shape-shifter it appeared.
“J.A.R.V.I.S. is still the essence of who I am, Tony,” Vision told him. “If it would make you more comfortable, you could use that name?”
Bucky rolled his eyes. “They couldn’t have waited for six minutes?”
“Anyone else want to know the exact specifics of said situation?” Tony asked, looking around. “No-one?”
“Sir?” His new AI, F.R.I.D.A.Y., had a nice voice, but she wasn’t J.A.R.V.I.S.
Tony grabbed Bucky’s hand when he saw it clench. “Done.” He said the only word that Bucky needed to hear. The slump of Bucky’s body against his made Tony relax too.
Bucky shook his head. “No.” He looked sad. “There is no way I'm ready to deal with anything remotely like this right now.” He shoved a hand through his hair. “I'm barely holding on, Steve. Snatches of memories here and there. And you're the biggest part of all of them.”
Agent Coulson strode in, followed by a guy with spiky hair, a crossbow in his hand and a quiver slung across his back, and a red-headed woman who looked like she could murder you with her pinky finger.
“Affirmation,” Tony supplied, keeping his voice soft. “Confirmation.” There was no mockery in his voice this time.
“As if I could.” Steve sighed. “You do this quickly, okay?” He tapped Tony’s cheek. “And wear the faceplace.”
The crackle of the Quinjet radio startled them all and Clint glanced back at Steve. “I don’t recognize the call sign,” he said. “Do I answer it?”
“You said ‘hell’,” Tony said. “Five dollars, please.” He held out his hand.
“He’s stubborn as fuck, is what he is,” Bucky said.
“Your vitals are spiking, boss.” F.RI.D.A.Y. said. “I have protocols to follow if you….”
Still writing just slowly.
Tony couldn’t look away from him, halfway to uncomfortable at being so exposed.
Steve shook his head. “If it’s the scepter then we need to get it back.” He poked a finger at the hologram. It made a sort of squeak and squished up against his finger. He glared at a grinning Tony. “You’re so…”
Before.
Pepper walked over to Rhodey and pecked him on the lips. “This is what you’ve spent the afternoon doing?”
Bucky pushed at his hands. “Stop it, Stevie. I already told you that I’m okay.” His eyes flashed with annoyance.
“So, where do we get a spaceship?” Clint asked.
Thanks so much for all the love for my first foray into this fandom. Y'all are awesome.
“Oh,” Bucky said, all wide-eyed innocence. Bucky hadn’t been innocent since the day he was born. “You mean like the inappropriate relationship you, Steve and I are having?”
Tony handed her a twenty dollar note. “Wonderful. Where do I go? Key?” He held out a hand.
“Tony.” The way Pepper said his name was an effective gauge of her degree of annoyance with him.
And Tony
Forever turned out to be about two hours when Coulson eventually came back into the house, Clint nowhere to be seen. He passed a set of keys to Dean. “She’s a beauty,” he said.
“Sure,” Bruce said.
Loki smiled and it made Tony’s skin crawl more than just a little. “It is in your blood, little human,” he crooned, his voice a lullaby. “I did not see it before but there it is.”
“I think he has a concussion,” Steve announced, giving Bucky his coffee before pouring a mug for himself. “He’s acting weird.” Everyone stared at him, including Tony. “Weird-
“We’ve been working on the issue of collateral damage,” Tony said. “The Other Guy has a better handle on his temper.”
Tony could feel the stupid-ass grin crossing his face. “Yeah.”
“Who said anything about sane?” Bucky asked, mouth curling up at one corner. Steve wanted to grab him and hold him as tightly as he was holding Tony. “I’m a killer.”
“This is from before,” Tony said.
Natasha leaned her head on Clint’s shoulder. “Never had anything to give up,” she said. She turned her hand so that she could twist her fingers between Steve’s, her grip deceptively powerful.
Tony put a hand on his arm. “I’d
“This little excursion wouldn’t have anything to do with his newest house-guest, would it?” Fury sounded smug.
Bruce rubbed at his eyes. “Tony, the last time we had ‘fun’ together we created a murderbot that wanted to destroy humanity.”
“I think perhaps I must hand myself over to the authorities,” Wanda said, perching on the edge of a chair. “They will just keep hunting for us. If I go in…”
Sam jumped up at Clint's words and raced to the window. Tony kept drinking. He had more dignity than that.
“Yeah, yeah, we know, Prince Charming.” Tony held up a hand. “We really don’t need any more information.”
“Steel kills,” Natasha said, crouching to feel for a pulse. “She’s dead.” She looked up at Bucky. “Where did you get the knife?”
“As long as it takes,” Bruce said, eyes already glued to the microscope.
Tony cleared his throat. “Super soldiers from World War Two. Thunder god from Asgard. Gamma-rayed green rage monster. Deadly assassins who can’t be killed. Genius, billionaire, philanthropist super-hero in a suit.” He shrugged. “Can anything
Steve nodded his gratitude. “Thanks for everything, both of you.”
Bucky’s chuckle was rough. “And you aren’t?”
“Ah yes,” Tony snorted. “Like the Time Stone that’s in the Eye of Agamotto, and in the hands of an egomaniac.”
Steve swallowed hard. “Because I betrayed mine and I’m trying to figure out why, after what I did, you didn’t hand us over to Ross.”
“Sooooo...” he drawled.
“Are we boring you?” Steve met Tony’s laughing gaze.
Steve didn’t bother. He supposed he’d have to wait for Tony’s experimental alcohol to try to get the buzz from booze once more.
The rest of the team turned to watch them leave with varying degrees of interest. Steve felt the throbbing in his forehead begin again.
“He’s tenacious,” Steve agreed, keeping his voice soft, not wanting to break the moment.
Tony shook his head. “No, if this all goes pear-shaped, Earth won’t even know what’s hit it. Instant Extinction Event.” It made Steve feel ill just hearing it stated out loud.
“Hm,” Tony mused. “I'm guessing Loki the god of cuckoo didn't want anyone trying to get in.”
“I’m not alone,” Lucifer hissed. “My children are everywhere, waiting for my release.”
“It's an ancient way for the military to communicate so that the enemy cannot intercept their information,” Pepper explained. Natasha nodded her understanding.
“You Earth-folk are very strange,” Natasha said.
Natasha swung her gaze to Tony. “When did you know about him?”
“Well, that’s not going to work,” Tony protested. “You’re his favorite.” Two years together and Tony still bitched about it.
“Tasha?” Tony mouthed at Pepper who shook her head.
“Hold on tight, Stevie,” Bucky said as he pressed one finger in.
“I have relayed the message, sir,” JARVIS said. “Director Fury said that it’s about motherfucking time you stepped up.”
“One of him,” Sam said, indicating Dean with a thumb. “A cocky asshole.”
“Seriously, just tell me what the fuck I have to do to get this done and stop being a cryptic asshole.” Tony scowled at him.
“So you decided that you’d meet with him and what?” Steve demanded, hands propped on his hips.
“Yes.”
“You’re allergic,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. reminded him, but there was the slightest grin in her voice. Tony gave himself a mental pat on the back. He was the best AI dad ever.
This was a hard one to write because I really want the boys to get jiggy with it. However....
“I understood that reference,” Steve declared, a grin on his face. “Lethal Weapon, right?” Tony wanted to eat him up in tiny little bites. And then make him come his brains out.
“That’s the billion dollar question,” Tony said. He sighed. “I can’t talk about it just yet.”
F.R.I.D.A.Y. asked, “Should I answer that for you, Sir?”
“Bruce?” The nanite armor that Steve had yet to inspect up close, slipped away and Tony frowned at him. “You okay?”
“It’s complicated,” Tony admitted.
“Okay.” Jim accepted it as easily as he’d accepted having to pay in some way for what Tony had created for him. It made Tony sick and angry and wanting to kill every last mother-fucker who’d fucked Jim over.
Fuck.
“Fuck,” Bucky snapped. “I’m done asking nicely!” He took a step towards Strange and froze. His eyes went wide. “Steve!”
“Put like that, I reckon the world is in a shitload of trouble.” Bucky’s mouth twisted. “So, anyone got a plan?”
“I do not lie!” Wanda propped her hands on her hips. “The crown has spoken to me!” She looked as though she wanted to do some smiting. Bruce went an interesting minty shade. Tony shot off a message to Natasha. She needed to get here before things got ugly and green.
A shrug. “Eh, I could buy several of their countries outright. Besides, I’m used to it.” Tony’s mouth tilted up. “I made sure that I was prepared for anything.”
Sam blinked. “He’s a rich man who has had everything handed to him on a silver platter all his life.”
“Thanos killed Loki along with what was left of Asgard,” Bruce said, his face twisted in misery. “Heimdall sent me back to Earth to warn you all. To tell you that we need to be ready to fight for survival.”
Her smile was watery. “They would,” she agreed.
“It wasn’t you.” Tony was going to keep saying this until Bucky believed it.
~o0o~
“Agent Agent’s got it,” Tony assured him. “He’ll keep Legolas from flying too close to the sun.”
Bucky looked at him, eyes hidden. “I’m here, aren’t I?” The mask gave nothing away.
“That won’t go down well?” Tony asked.
Steve?” Bruce’s eyebrows were practically crawling over the back of his head.
Steve leaned over and kissed him with the filthiest morning breath in the history of the world. Tony didn’t give a single shit. “I’m going to take a shower in my room,” Steve said, rolling off the bed, tugging his pants on.
“You’re shouting at your non-existent lady computer person,” Steve pointed out, deliberately talking like the brainless idiot Tony
“Why can’t you just take us there?” Bucky asked.
“Boss?” F.RI.D.A.Y. sounded nervous. It still took him by surprise after J.AR.V.I.S. had always been so confident.
“What is the meaning of your presence in Midgard?” Thor’s big fists thumped down on the table. They all jumped a little. “You have much explaining to do.”
“Shut up,” Clint muttered. “I’m working up to it.”
Steve was too busy scraping his jaw off the floor. “He’s just standing there,” he said. “Not roaring or freaking out. Just standing there.”
Tony nodded. “He wanted us to sign up for the registration. I managed to persuade Xavier and Richards that it wasn’t a good idea.” He slumped into a chair. “And I thought I’d gotten through to Ross as well.” He flicked a gaze back to the mark of Set. “Are you sure he has that on his arm?” He looked up at Bruce hopefully.
“I'm sorry about jumping to conclusions.” Steve looked at Tony then. “Again.” He rubbed a hand over his eyes. “It seems like all I've done the past couple of days is run into situations like a bull in a china shop with no actual clue what's really going on.”
Bucky’s smile twisted a little. “And if this ‘thing’ between us gets fucked up and stops working?”
Natasha’s flat stare told him exactly what she thought about that. “Shut up.”
“No, you really didn’t.” Tony’s voice had them both looking up, startled. “You told me that I was making a mistake. You swore that you’d never allow yourself to be used again. You almost killed me in Siberia without once asking me if I had a plan.” His dark eyes were somber and made Steve feel about two feet tall. “When have I
The Mind Stone shone once more, projecting a scene in a laboratory. Bruce was sitting in a chair, several wires strapped to his chest, a large pair of glasses perched on his nose, and a metal circle wrapped around his head.
“Since Sleeping Beauty is still sleeping, I have
He sent a 'please help me' glance to Sam, who shrugged, holding his hands up. “Don't even try to pretend that your world doesn't revolve around him.” He sobered. “And I'm
He watched the feed from the Iron Legion carrying Steve back to New York. “I wonder if he’ll tell me…us.”
Natasha and Wanda were given the pilot's seats. Clint...well Steve thought that Clint was possibly perched on the top of the Quinjet, sleeping with his head tucked under his arm like the hawk he was named for.
Dean choked on a laugh. “And I thought our lives were nuts,” he said to Sam.
He saw Tony’s eyes widen as his AI passed on the message. A flailing hand had the doors sliding open a moment later.
“When you first got here, Mr. Stark scanned you for various foreign bodies, including nanites,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said. “It would appear that the Hydra organization infected you with microscopic explosives.” She sounded apologetic. “Mr. Stark managed to disable many of them with his magnetic technology.”
She pushed his hair back from his forehead. “It’s time to wake up now, dearest.”
“Long story,” Tony waved his questions off. “Remind me to tell you sometime never.”
“Other than your friends have been lying to you.” Natasha met Steve’s angry gaze.
It was just that simple.
“Low blow, Barnes,” Tony growled.
“Ew,” Laura looked even more disgusted. “Old people sex is not cool.”
“He’s not going anywhere without his teammates,” Steve gritted.
“I wish you could believe how dazzling you are,” Steve said. He ran his hand over Tony’s cheek. “May I kiss you?”
“Ah!” Thor’s face cleared. “Another of your curious Midgardian idioms.” He nodded. “My Jane has tried to teach me of these word pictures. I fear there are many I do not know.”
“I’ve been doing some catching up with my new friend here,” Tony drawled, his voice cool and measured. It hadn’t been that way a day or two ago. Once Steve had started talking about what Stane had been doing, Tony hadn’t believed him at first. It had taken Pepper and a flash drive to convince him.
Steve rubbed at his eyes. “Can we please focus?” he asked the room at large.
“What else was I supposed to do when I heard that your home was compromised?” Tony asked. “Actual no-brainer.”
“It’s not a complex if you’ve actually done the things you feel guilty about,” Bruce pointed out.
Bucky jostled Natasha to move. “Eh, we only have problems on days ending in –y,” he said. Clint yanked a couple of arrows out of a few of the bodies lying around and hurried to catch them.
Tony folded his arms and leaned back in his chair. He and Cap were friendly. Not friends, not yet, but they managed to run the Avengers Initiative together with very few disagreements. He was sure Cap would tell him that he’d found his childhood sweetheart and that he’d turned out to be the most lethal assassin in the history of the world.
Steve hated that it hurt. Before Bucky, Tony would have… He stopped that train of thought. He wasn’t going to take it this way. He was a big boy and the reality was that not everyone felt the same way about everyone else.
“Cap?” Clint asked.
“Sir, your vitals are spiking,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. probably thought she was helping. He wanted to put a bullet through her artificial brain.
“Presumably, Thanos has the other three,” Bruce said.
Today it was Steve; a chunk of his heart torn out that he hadn’t known had belonged to another person.
Steve stared at him. “Are you being serious?” He didn’t think Tony had liked him that way. Not until Bucky.
Forgive me. And thank you for sticking with me.
“Since the inception of the Accords, Tony Stark has been working to discredit General Ross.” T’Challa motioned for Steve to sit. He stumbled into a chair, struggling to get air.
Natasha had no such reservations. “What the fuck did you do to Tony?” Steve was actually afraid for Wanda.
“Uh, we’ll go…” Steve edged towards the door, Bucky sidling along with him. “…somewhere that isn’t here.” They fled. Fucking cowards. Tony glared at them.
Clint sent the jet into a free-fall for several shocked seconds before he got the controls back.
Steve grinned. “Well, bearing in mind the first was a date and the last was a blow job, I’m prepared to let you tell me what you’d prefer.” His eyes twinkled. “I’m up for pretty much anything.” The eyebrow waggle was distracting. So was everything else about him.
totally would though.”
“I am a beacon of light,” Tony protested. “A constant delight.”
Tony cackled with laughter until he caught her deadly glare. He almost swallowed his tongue trying to stop the laughter.
Strange shook his head. “No, you won’t.”
“We’d better go back inside and make sure that the others haven’t started a war,” Tony said, pulling his hand out of Steve’s.
“Wasn’t that what you just said?” Tony murmured to Steve.
“Rhodey…” Steve began, wondering what she meant.
” Skurge sounded defensive. “
“Well, then, go ahead with that.” He waved his hand in permission. Invisible permission was still permission.
Steve reached out and ran a gentle finger down Tony’s cheek. “Would you make fun of me if I asked you to go steady with me?”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “Truthfully, he hates superhumans. His daughter died as a result of a fight with Banner and another of Hydra’s experiments. Me, he tolerates because he knows that my real superpower is my brain.”
Steve stood staring out at the city. The balcony was warm with late afternoon sunlight and he saw Central Park in the distance, a green snake curled around the heart of New York.
Steve leaned over, still holding on to Tony. He scrabbled around a little until he crowed in triumph. “Seriously, you need to do some cleaning in there, Tony,” Steve told him as he straightened.
“I only
just say that.” It wasn’t a question from Clint.
“Tony.” Bucky just stared at him.
“Kiss me like you mean it,” Tony ordered, chin going up. “Make it good, Rogers.”
They all watched as the cops loaded Stane into a black and white and let out a breath as he was taken away.
don’t like that look at all.”
Bruce was an oasis of calm. The Hulk seldom made an appearance unless Tony had been particularly provoking, and even then, it was usually to chuck a terrified Tony under the chin with one huge green finger. Steve enjoyed Bruce’s company. The quiet, sure way he had of speaking, of thinking, challenged Steve’s view of the world, of monsters. That he was smart, wasn’t a question. That he was almost always utterly despondent, was a frustration for Steve that he couldn’t let go. And somehow, despite that alternate world, Natasha wasn’t the solution to Bruce’s happiness either.
Happy rolled his eyes, but obeyed, setting course for the small brownstone in Queens that Nick Fury had ‘retired’ to.
“No you don't.” But Bucky didn't look angry at that. He just looked sad. “Anyway, I wouldn’t have waited much longer,” Bucky told him. “When Tony fitted my arm yesterday something inside me healed.” He shook his head. “That sounds very woo-woo and it really isn’t.”
Vision was a beast in the air, but needed work on hand to hand combat. He seemed to be good at keeping Wanda from flying apart too. Sometimes Steve thought love shone out of those artificial eyes.
“Theoretically,” Bruce said. “But the power source will have to be infinitely bigger than anything we can come up with on Earth.”
Thor looked disgusted. “They make me feel as though I have spent the night in wine and women, with none of the wine or women,” he grumbled.
Steve flashed back to that moment in the workshop when it had felt like he
“And so you are.” She held out a hand. “You dreamt of a life where you and our captain were in love.”
“Did you do that?” Natasha reached them first. She was looking straight at Tony.
Steve raced to Tony’s bed, shoving Natasha and Clint out of the way. He was only vaguely aware of Thor grabbing his brother in the periphery of his vision. Tony lay there, unmoving, blue-tinged lips closed and skin colder than ice.
Clint snorted. “The difference is that the dick who did it to me is sitting in front of me asking me to trust him.”
. He looked helplessly at Steve again and was astonished to see a half-smile ghosting across his face.
Tony produced the arm with a flourish. “Ta-da!” DUM-E made a whirl in the middle of the workshop, arms raised and chirping loudly. Tony grinned.
“Shut up, this won’t hurt a bit,” Tony promised. He grabbed Steve’s cheeks between his hands and pulled his mouth to his.
Tony got it then. He got why girls swooned when they saw Captain America. This stupid, noble, idealistic son of a bitch.
That, and Tony lost the thumb war.
“I’m coming over,” he declared. “You shouldn’t be alone.”
“He’s trustworthy?” Bucky asked, not as familiar with Wanda’s abilities as the rest of them were.
Steve's eyes widened. “What?”
much.
“Man, it stinks in here.” Clint made a gagging noise. “It’s like chlorine had a baby with electricity and it all went wrong.”
“Um,” Tony hedged. He hated his sleep-stupid brain. It always got him in trouble.
“Where are you going?” Bucky repeated, looking between them.
“I’m sorry.” Steve reached out with one hand, relieved when she took it. “We should have talked more before.”
Bucky talked about what had happened after he’d pulled Steve out of the Potomac River. About going to the Smithsonian and the surreal feelings when he’d seen himself up there with Steve, a hero to the American public. He told Steve where he’d gone while he’d been avoiding being found.
Steve rubbed a hand over his eyes. “That’s sort of his thing though, isn’t it?” He stared at Loki who was pale and shaking. “Is he alright?” He wasn’t an expert, but he didn’t think gods were supposed to look as though a breeze could blow them over.
, I’m pretty happy I only found out about that name
“We’ve got you, Tony.” Steve’s voice was practically a whisper as he stroked his hand from the top of Tony’s spine to the spot where Bucky had pressed his mouth.
bit out of  control.
“Hey!” Tony’s protest was mild as he bumped Clint’s shoulder. “I’m a gift.”
Dean’s mouth curled in a tiny smile. “Hey bitch.”
“Tony.” Natasha leaned forward, her eyes on his face. “Are you okay?”
“I didn't want to be found.” Bruce's nakedness was really starting to be a distraction, so Tony turned around. Not that he wasn’t comfortable around another guy’s junk, but this was Bruce, his brother in all but name…and big green angry twin.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “I do not.”
“And yet, surprisingly, I’m still a little reluctant to play in your sandbox again.” Bruce fixed him with a look. “You did good, my friend. Now can we get this thing done so that we can go back to our dysfunctional lives?”
He lowered his gaze to watch as Bucky reached around and wrapped his fingers around Steve’s cock. “Let me take the edge off.” Bucky licked at the nape of Steve’s neck as he slowly jacked his dick. Tony was mesmerized.
“How did you do it?” Bruce asked, ignoring Tony’s alarm. “Was it science, math?”
Strange sauntered over to where Tony was standing. “It seems you have a flair for making friends wherever you go, Tony.” It didn’t sound like a compliment.
Loki shook his head. “Nobody leaves the collection without Taneleer Tivan allowing it.” He looked over at Tony. “Thank you for what you did.” It sounded as though he was speaking through gritted teeth.
“What are you drawing today?” Sam dropped down beside him.
. Unless he was the one speaking them, and then he loved
,” Tony said. “She hasn’t shut up since I regained consciousness. She has a crap-load of things she wants us to do to help her run more efficiently.”
“I’m with you,” Bucky promised, standing up next to him.
Bucky pushed his hands away and started the classic knot Tony liked. “So, Barton wants Rumlow dead?” he asked, concentrating on Tony’s tie. He carefully kept his gaze lowered.
He stopped, stared at Steve bemused. “You kiss your mama with that mouth, Rogers?” He grinned, remembering that insane day months ago.
Hope you'll stick with me <3
Fuck. Shit. Fuck. Two years ago he’d still been with Pepper. “Hi,” he squeaked. “Thanks for letting me lie in.”
“That’s comforting,” Bucky muttered, taking point this time with Steve bringing up the rear.
Tony stared up at him, every thought flying straight out of his head. “I’m not easy,” he rasped, trying to ignore that warm palm against his skin.
Pepper just looked at him, one perfect eyebrow arched. Natasha tended to do that with him a lot too. “Captain.” That one word held a weight of remonstration. “He misses you too, you know.” She moved her hand from his shoulder to tuck into his elbow.
“Rock, paper, scissors?” Clint asked.
Clint nodded. “It sucked.”
Loki straightened. “He’s helping?” There was a note of almost desperate hope in his voice that Steve felt uncomfortable hearing.
“As you often do on days ending in ‘y’,” Bruce said with a fond smile.
Tony sighed. “How many apologies am I going to have to make?” he asked.
“How did I not see this?” Tony muttered.
?” He sounded totally shocked.
“Please.” Tony’s eyes were pleading. “Don’t.”
Bucky looked adorable pouting at him, Steve thought. “They’re all grown-ups,” he protested. “Stay.” That petulant expression had no place on the face of the world’s most lethal assassin.
Tony glanced up at Barnes. “At ease, Soldier. I'm not currently after you.” Barnes didn’t budge.
“Uh,” Bruce looked at his companion. “This isn’t quite where we’re supposed to be.”
Tony shook his head. “It’s not fair, it’s not right. They love each other.” He knew that as surely as he knew his own name.
“And you didn’t know before now?” Tony’s voice went a little high as he tried to contain his ire.
Ross poured the glasses himself, careful not to touch Tony as he handed it over. “Cheers,” he said, tilting his glass.
“Seems like an easy option,” Coulson agreed, nodding.
“So, how come you ended up here?” he asked Dean.
Tony blinked. “Uh.”
Bucky waved a hand in front of Dean’s face. “You in there, Winchester?”
Thor looked up. “Sir Fury, you wish for my attention?”
“Thor, you may not be human, but I’ve seen you come down with a cold. Many of the same things that make humans ill affect you too.” Steve reached out to clasp his shoulder. “I’m going to leave the science to Bruce and I’ll go and do some research on the Ancient database to see if I can find any sort of reference to our new sort of feline friend.”
Tony flailed a hand toward him. “See? Not the only one!”
Sam took a hooked talon in his shoulder, grunting in pain when Dean lopped off the claw and blew the bird-thing’s head off. “Don’t. Touch. Sammy.” He gritted the words like a warning. It seemed to be heard as the hoard backed off Sam a little, focusing on the rest of them.
“So you said,” Steve kept his voice even. “And how do you plan on doing this?” He knew the answer even before Tony opened his mouth.
“Not if he’s off the radar. Tony's an idiot.” Natasha said, tone dire. “I know what happens when he goes off the radar.”
only it's not quite how Steve was expecting things to go. Also Pepper and Laura are a fear-inspiring combination.
“Someone else we don’t know,” Clint muttered. “I’m starting to feel a lot left out.”
“That’s not a choice, Tony.” Steve was on his feet. “It’s just another way to control us.”
“Peter once told me that with great power comes great responsibility,” Vision said “It is the only way.”
“We can’t force him to come back, sir.” Steve wanted Tony back in the worst way, but not if he didn’t want to return. He’d volunteered for his mission. He would only ask the same of his team.
“Thirty something years,” Rhodes replied.
“We Russians aren’t really the most positive people in the world,” Natasha said as they pushed the door to the training area open. “But, it is good to think that we might have a chance.”
Tony made a mental note to buy kibble.
“It is the Serpent Crown,” Wanda announced as she came into the room with Vision at her heels.
Bucky’s lips were slightly swollen. They were a magnet. “Now that sounds like a challenge, Stark.” His eyes were narrowed and Tony could see the strategist behind them. The same expression he saw on Steve’s face every time they headed into battle.
“This is Tony Stark of Midgard.” Strange reached behind him, dragging Tony forward.
Pepper, bless her controlling little heart, had ensured his fridge was well stocked. He grabbed water, an apple, some grapes, and a block of cheese. Taking his haul with him to his room, he sat on the edge of the bed and took a breath.
Bruce surged towards him. “Thanos. He's a plague, Tony. He invades planets. He takes what he wants. He wipes out half the population. He sent Loki. The attack on New York. That's
Rhodes stared at him. “I’m not a fucking taxi service, Lang.”
“As well he should,” Loki snapped, suddenly all of his defenses back up. “He’s the one who put us in peril in the first place.”
Bucky leaned back against Tony, head resting on his shoulder. “You both cared for me enough to let me work this out on my own,” he said. “It’s why I’m kinda crazy about the two of you.”
The complete lack of noise, as though they were in a vacuum, was seriously eerie. Sam seemed to know where he was going though, heading resolutely further into the trees. They all followed in silence.
“One and only,” Fury said. “He’s currently holding the President hostage in the White House along with several key members of the Senate.”
Sam nodded. “Yeah, what the dude in the Robocop outfit said.”
Tony tried to tune them out. This was their time. He’d taken up enough of Bucky’s time. He stared at Rhodey instead.
“Alright, let’s see if you and Clint can work out a way to disable Thor long enough for Rhodes to knock him out with one of those tranquilizers,” Steve ordered, folding his arms across his chest.
The wind took the last of him in a sudden gust. Steve fell down, Tony still in his arms, ash coating them like a funeral pyre.
“There is no other choice.” Loki sounded hopeless. “Whatever power the Reality Stone generates to preserve the realm of Earth, it will destroy Jörmungandr.” He made a scoffing sound, the saddest noise Tony had ever heard. “It doesn’t matter anyway. It isn’t as though I know the child.”
Steve shook his head though. “I feel like we should be doing more, not just sitting on our butts waiting for Tony to save the day.”
“It’s the fucking
“Well, Tones, I see you haven’t lost your touch with the ladies.” Rhodey’s drawl had Tony bark a startled laugh.
“It’s wrong. I’m wrong. You’re wrong.” Tony repeated the words like a mantra, fear juddering through him like a steam train. “How did I get here?” He lifted his eyes to stare at Steve. “I’m not supposed to be here.”
“He said he had something to do.” Natasha met his wild eyes with a flat stare.
coming here.” Rhodey gritted the words out again. The hydraulic braces made a hiss as he stepped into Tony’s space. “They can find somewhere else to fucking get their shit together.”
“Says who?” Tony was quite obvious a master of witty comebacks.
The Avengers assemble....and things devolve rapidly. Thor returns and a sort of half-assed plan emerges. Nothing about this pleases Fury.
She sighed. “Steve isn’t the most confident guy,” she began.
“Shouldn’t we take that outside then?” Bruce sounded as bad as Tony felt, the low tone in his voice telling him of his struggle to keep the Hulk in check.
Steve pulled back a little and Tony tried not to make a protesting whine. “You may not believe me yet, but if you let me, I’ll do my best to prove it to you.”
” Jörmungandr seemed nonplussed.
“Thor’s gone?” Steve asked.
Bucky screamed.
“Coffeeeee,” Tony sang again in lieu of a greeting.
“He was busy trying to rescue his company after the events of Sokovia and Ultron,” Rhodes said, not bothering to turn again. “Pepper and he were breaking up, and Ross was already on his case about managing the Avengers. There was no way he was going to stay there with that much public scrutiny on him.”
“You didn’t know him,” Tony said, not wanting this line of conversation to go any further.
“Oh. My. God!” Tony gaped at him. “So much fucking sass! How did I not know this?” He looked past Bucky to the glass doors. “Fuck.”
Well, Tony got drunk. Bucky wasn’t so lucky. The serum that coursed through his veins metabolized the alcohol quicker than he could drink it.
“I guessed that from the whole, ‘heartbreak’ thing.” Bucky smirked at Steve. Tony was going to have to separate them
Bucky’s mouth was a grim line. “Nobody gets to call fucking dibs on who misses Steve more,” he growled. “Grow the fuck up, all of you.” He stalked away, shoulders tight and head down.
Strange shook his head. “No, I didn’t see the future, Tony. I saw
“Maybe take a couple of Marines and go back to that planet?” Steve suggested. “There might be a clue as to what Matilda is or something?” He felt completely helpless.
up then,” Tony promised.
“Well, gotta say that’s a new remedy,” Rhodey said, watching Tony carefully.
use you again.” Tony would keep that goddam promise or fucking die trying.
When Bucky stepped back he looked even more satisfied with himself.
“Remind me why I went to fetch you again?” Tony scowled. He hated his friends sometimes.
“When I took over, I started doing things a little differently,” Crowley said as he continued walking. “I cleaned up the riff-raff and made eternal torment less blood, and more deadly boredom.” He sounded extremely proud of himself.
~o0o~
There was something in his voice that made Tony look closer. Those beautiful blue eyes were clouded with something he couldn’t put a finger on. “You alright?” he asked.
Tony was mightily offended. “Excuse you, I flirt like a professional!” He’d had plenty of practice at it over the years.
horrible,” Scott said. He smiled hopefully at Clint.
“I don’t understand.” Peter’s voice was small and afraid, and Steve understood why Tony had taken him under his wing in almost all ways but the legal one.
“I’m sorry, but I’m not your boyfriend’s guard.” Natasha looked very unfriendly. “He’s your responsibility.”
Tony nodded. This sucked. “Wanda told me she’d been dreaming.”
“I just want to know if you’re happy.” Rhodey watched Tony’s face carefully.
Steve nodded. “I’m sure F.R.I.D.A.Y. will also tell us when they get back.” He watched as Vision carefully lifted Wanda into his arms. She lay lax against him, finally succumbing to her exhaustion.
Thor nodded sagely. “I understand, friend Tony. There are many gods of petty things.”
“No,” Pepper said suddenly into the silence they left. Tony tried to think about what she was refusing until he remembered Bucky’s question.
“I’d knock before entering,” Clint said helpfully. “Never know what you could walk into. Ow!” He glared at Natasha. “What was that for?”
“Do you need more processing power?” Tony asked.
“So you just want me to
Her eyes were fierce. “We
Steve started to ask ‘why’ again, when it finally dawned. He barely made it in time to the bathroom before he threw up.
“Poor baby.” Bucky really needed to work on his bedside manner. Tony narrowed his eyes.
Tony scrubbed at his face. This was all getting confusing.
“They don’t advertise it.” Natasha shrugged, producing a knife from somewhere on her person and using it to clean her nails. Tony shuddered,
“Why should I trust you?” Barnes looked at Tony, not Steve. Interesting, Tony thought, filing that away for another time.
“Bucky…”
Steve stared at him like he had two heads. “Oh God, Tony! Every time. Every time I think you see things the right way…”
“Twenty dollar?” Tony asked, handing her the note.
Tony closed his eyes.
And suddenly Tony couldn’t bear it anymore. “No, you really didn’t need to be. I mean, you’re out there being Captain America, training the troops to save us from our next disaster. Why would you need to be here for me? I’m not even Iron Man anymore. Not like you care.” Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. He needed to learn to shut up and stop while he still had a tiny bit of dignity left.
Dean got to his feet, heading for the coffee machine. “Please sir,” he begged, holding his cup out to Tony. “Save me from the swill.”
Eventually Steve put a hand on Bucky’s neck. “Let him breathe, Buck,” he said.
“Damn right.” Dean nodded.
“He is able to see into the near future,” Thor offered. “It might assist our request if we tell him to look at the consequences of not getting the Reality Stone.”
“Because of Howard.” Steve watched Tony. “You’ve never felt worthy to be his son. But Tony, you are so much more than Howard could ever have been. Look at the things you have done.”
Steve crossed his arms over his chest. “Yeah?”
“Uh.” Tony met Rhodey’s panicked gaze over Barnes’ shoulder. “No. I was here to find out if Steve wanted to go out with me.” Blurting that out had the double effect of Barnes’ eyes boggling and Rhodey tripping over his own feet.
“I know you.” The words were simple and devastating. Steve stared into Tony’s eyes, seeing his reflection there.
Tony’s face twisted sourly. “I must have been drunk.”
Thor nodded. “It has not been an easy time of it in Asgard.” He sighed, sitting down on one of the sofas and completely ignoring the tension that had permeated the room prior to his arrival.
That left Tony, Rhodes, Bucky and Steve sitting in the sunken living room off the kitchen, drinking beer and ignoring the generally uncomfortable silence.
“Bucky!” Steve kicked at him, face bright red now. Bucky just chortled.
Steve nodded. “I sent it to him. Told him to call if he needed me…us.”
Tony flushed, shook his head. “You are too much, you know?”
,” Steve said. “And the man I call my friend would have done, and has indeed done, everything he could to save the world.”
“The only thing Bruce is going to need is mouth to mouth.” Pepper accepted Rhodey’s help down from the microwave unit and poked a long finger in Tony’s chest. “Don’t fuck this up for him.”
Again, using much of the script I'm trying to add my Steve/Tony thoughts and motivations for much of what they do. There's a whole lot of baggage with this one
A knock on his door had him sitting up. “Come in,” he called.
Thor nodded his agreement. “He is in a space-faring vessel that orbits your planet. It will be difficult to approach with stealth.”
Steve spun to face him. “You
“The Hulk,” Bruce corrected; his voice glacial. “And, yes.”
Thor sighed. “Heimdall has already told us to remain here. He will send as many of our people through the Bifröst that he can before he cuts us off forever. It may buy us some time.”
“We know what you are trying to do, son of Loki.” Strange spoke but there was something off in his voice, a layer of sound that Tony couldn’t quite identify.
“Huh.” Bucky sounded intrigued. “Cool.”
“Why?” Scott frowned. “He hates us doesn’t he?”
Tony turned on his side, shoving his hands beneath his head so that he could stare at Phil. “What does it take to piss you off?” he asked.
“The one thing I do love about you, Tony, is your contagiously misplaced optimism.” Bruce allowed Tony to maneuver him into the elevator.
“I just heard from one of my old friends at the State Department; Ross has gone to ground.” Bruce passed Steve and Tony each a mug of coffee. “Nobody knows where he is.”
Sam made a face. “Yeah.”
“Are you well?” Vision’s impassive face was a little twisted with concern.
“Hmm, so Thanos must have been pretty pissed off to have come so close to getting his hands on it.” Tony tapped a finger against his lips, thinking furiously.
Tony held his breath.
Tony scowled at him. “Excuse you! My heart was broken when she dumped me.” It was. It had been. Tony had always been able to recover quickly from heartbreak, however.
“Plus, I think the President might actually have the mark of Set, so Cap needs you to keep an eye on him.” Bruce’s words had them all staring at him. “Right?” C raised an eyebrow at Steve.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Not a penny?” he asked.
“You’re clearly not fine,” he told Tony. “Something must have set….”
“He said that he’d made a mistake, that he was wrong.” Sam bit his lip. “He promised to go alone. As a friend.”
“Stephen Strange is a hero…” Coulson began.
Ross looked away. “If they are out there, in the public eye, then they are inviting…”
“So you’re going to make sure the Soldier disappears.” Natasha’s soft statement had them looking at her.
“Farewell until my return,” Thor said, swinging Mjolnir.
“You’re not being a homophobe are you?” Tony glared at Bruce.
Bucky grinned at him. “Babe, you know you’re already planning the logistics of it.”
“I wouldn’t have!”
Now Tony looked pissed-off. “This is my fucking tower,” he said. “Who said you could just invite anybody around?” Suggest he couldn’t have something, and Tony immediately wanted it. Say he couldn’t do something, and Tony would break himself in half to prove that he could.
Steve’s shoulders sagged. “You
He was going to have his hands full with these two.
“The basement is lovely this time of year,” Tony told him.
“It's good to see you, Thor.” Steve smiled at him. “I'd like you to meet my friend Bucky.” He pulled Bucky forward. “I told you about him, remember?”
“I threaten to cut off your balls and feed them to you,” Natasha said. “Your fear keeps you honest.”
“Superhuman Registration Act,” Tony supplied helpfully, enjoying the quickly hidden surprise in Ross’ eyes. “Our friend over here is trying to form a governing body to regulate us crazy superhero types.”
He lifted his legs carefully and scanned the area. He was taking Bruce home. The sense of accomplishment was huge.
“Pepper,” Tony replied. “I have actual holes in my feet thanks to her stilettos.”
Tony felt a little offended. “I was in love with Pepper. I wasn’t planning on getting a new bed-buddy overnight.”
Tony kissed her cheek. “You’re the most important woman in my life, Potts. My CEO, my left hand, my best girl. Nothing as plebian as merely my ex.”
Tony grinned. Not many people got to see this side of Captain Sassy Pants. “So, at these shindigs, it’s customary for the best man to hit on the maid of honor.”
“They seem to be ready to carry on,” Scott said.
“In case you missed it, I didn't run away screaming when you kissed me.” Tony thought that had been pretty clear.
“You are actually five years old, aren’t you?” Steve asked, trying not to smile.
“Thanks, Vision.” Natasha closed her phone. “Tony's fine. He called Vision, and asked him to pass the message along.”
Tony put his hand over Rhodey’s. “If you wanted to hold my hand, sugar bear, you shoulda just said.” Laura shook with silent laughter as she continued working on her StarkPad. Tony swallowed. “Why do you think they’re making us wait?” His gaze was fixed on the double doors in front of them.
“Pretty,” Bucky said. “Not sure if they’re doing anything for your outfit though.”
Steve’s ears went red and Tony cackled. “She’s worse than Clint,” Steve said.
“But…” Clint had been trying to speak for the past few minutes. Apparently his wife had other ideas. Clint had winced, closed his eyes, flinched and groaned more than once during the conversation. “Okay, baby. I promise.” With a sigh he ended the call.
Other days it was missing Pepper and knowing how much he’d screwed them up.
Steve wasn’t sure if he and Clint were talking about the same thing. In fact, he pretty much knew they weren’t.
Tony woke up to Steve’s mouth on his shoulder. He arched back against him. “Morning.”
“If he doesn’t want to give it to us, then we take it.” Tony sounded proud of his plan.
“Think about your suit,” Strange said instead.
“Captain Rogers is in his room, sir and his life signs are stable.”
“Eat.” Steve watched as Tony lifted his fork obediently. “Buck, keep an eye on him.”
“Back to the plan,” Sam said, his kaleidoscope eyes twinkling with laughter, “Any of you happen to know a vampire or a werewolf?”
“Stark?” Fury asked with a bite to his tone.
“I think he’s been found.” Steve never had to use his name with Sam or Natasha. They
Tony rubbed at his eyes. “I’m so fucking tired of this crap,” he confessed.
“If they weren’t so fucking terrifying I’d marry one of them,” Sam said from the side-lines.
“Get back as soon as you have the Reality Stone,” Steve told Thor.
“I’m seriously starting to not like you,” Tony told him.
“That would have gone down exceptionally well with Tall, Blond and Electrically-Challenged,” Tony noted.
“How do you know him?” Steve hadn’t moved.
“Okay” Bucky danced from foot too foot. “I’m ready, let’s go again.” Steve had been very impressed with Bucky’s arm. It had held up against all the punishment Thor had put it through.
question.”
“What happened when he slept?” Steve wanted to hear more of Bucky’s time with Tony. The time that he still felt a little cheated out of.
“Not that I’m not happy about your buddy getting his memories back,” Scott said, leaning forward to meet Steve’s eyes. “Just a thought, anyone think it may have been a good idea to tell the scary robot dude that we’re bringing a body with us?”
He was really glad Coulson was on their team.
Tony held on, arms just as tight around her as hers around him. “I was born to be a hero, baby,” he whispered into her hair. “I’m probably going to do that sort of thing a lot in the future.”
Tony stood, stuffed his hands in his pockets. “That’s not what I want,” he whispered, eyes seeing nothing but that scene in the lift where he and Bucky and Steve seemed whole.
Tony wanted to sneer at him. He had a ridiculously petty and childish reaction to Reed Richards. It possibly had something to do with the fact that Richards was a certified genius and was almost as prolific with his inventions as Tony was.
“People?” Tony spoke through a half-masticated bite. “What people?”
“So, ”Back To The Future” is a bunch of bullshit?” Scott mourned.
“Guys.” Steve sounded exhausted.
Tony’s mouth ticked up in a smug little smile. “You saying you can’t resist me?” He looked entirely too delighted at the prospect.
“God.” Tony felt ill. “You didn’t just lose your best friend, did you?”
“No new toys for me then?” Tony’s head shot up and Clint grinned at him. “Hey Stark, what’s happening?”
Soooo this is going much faster than I expected. Apparently my muse is impatient. Thanks for the kudos & comments - all are appreciated & encouraging.
“I can’t see you as a little grey man,” Rhodey said. “You’re too attached to leather.”
“I’m tired of fighting,” Steve admitted with a sigh. “I could use a little less fighting.”
He ignored the rest of the people standing in the room watching them, and turned to Tony. “I think you should get some sleep,” Steve told him, nodding at Bucky. “It's been a hell of a day so far, and nothing about tomorrow says it’s going to be any easier.”
“Hmm.” Bruce was obviously not as keen.
Strange took a deep breath and inclined his head. “You all still need to find Thanos,” he said. “Even with three stones he is extremely dangerous and powerful.”
“I meant your plan to destroy your dad and his family, but the beginning of the universe works too.” Tony crouched down when he spotted a strange raised mark on the ground. He touched a finger to it and it snapped at him. He flew back as though something had punched him. He thought he’d possibly broken his coccyx when he hit the back wall. “I hate this place,” he informed the world in general as things in the wall sucked at him, holding him in place.
He watched Hulk plop down on a fallen tree. The tree would have been screaming in pain if it had still been alive. Tony wondered about that whole “if a tree falls in the woods” thing.
Tony could see his life flashing past him behind his eyelids. Groveling was expected apparently. “Pepper and I broke up,” he blurted. He would try distractions and bids for sympathy first.
“Did I ask that out loud?” Tony blinked.
Rhodey tutted. “Now, if I told you, it wouldn’t be a secret, would it?”
Loki's eyes rolled so hard they practically did a three-sixty. “Not you specifically, you narcissist.” Tony wanted to call him on that because hello, pot meet kettle.
“I’m an over-achiever,” Tony told him. “Always gotta be the best.”
“I did.” Natasha’s mouth curved in a bitter smile. “I only left when I realized that he wasn’t going to forgive me for letting you and Barnes go at the airport.”
“You’re a dick,” Bucky pointed out as he led Steve from the lab. “I think we’re going to hold out on you for a while.”
Clint was easier, and harder at the same time. He missed his family like an arm, but he couldn’t step back from this life, not while people with power did bad things. Steve would sit with him at the top of the tower, on the jet-pad, legs hanging over into nothing and talk about sports. Steve would argue passionately about baseball teams that were no longer in the right place, and Clint would mock him for supporting them.
“I hate you all.” Clint’s voice had Tony turning around. He hadn’t noticed him perched on the counter in the corner, curled around a large cup of coffee.
Bucky’s mouth was tight. “What the hell are you talking about?” He stepped in, put a hand on Tony’s forehead. “You don’t feel like you’ve got a fever.”
“Natasha, don’t you say a word! That’s an order!” Steve was suddenly yelling on the other side, clearly at his second who was disobeying him.
One thing Tony had found out,
Bruce sighed. “I’m going to be perfectly honest with you, Steve. I just don’t know.” The machine suddenly switched off and Bucky slumped over. Steve lurched forward to catch him before he fell.
Peter scowled at Tony like this was all his fault and stomped out of the mansion.
Tony shook his head. “Stay, please. You’re going to have to be my voice of reason here.”
Tony’s gaze turned to Bucky. “Okay, that totally warranted kissing,” he acknowledged, pressing a kiss of his own to Bucky’s now smiling mouth.
Jim’s face paled. “Shit.”
“I see you’ve become used to denying yourself the pleasures of the flesh,” Crowley said, picking his careful way through the carnal carnage. “Perhaps your ledger is no longer as red.”
Steve looked at him. “Consequences?” Like he didn’t know what kind of fucking hell he’d dropped Tony and the Avengers into. The Accords, Barnes and T’Challa, and everything felt overwhelming.
Tony stared at her. “What do you want with my Bruce?” he repeated, not taking the offered appendage.
It swung open before he could even knock. Vision stood in the doorway, blocking the entrance. “Good afternoon, Colonel Rhodes.”
It was such a simple question. It made Steve ashamed that he’d never taken the time to ask Tony. “We didn’t know,” he repeated. It sounded weak.
“Fuck you,” Tony snarled. “I was there. I know what happened.”
“Pray to god you never have to find out,” Tony said a moment before he passed out again.
Her lips curved. “Can’t a girl come see her guy in his natural environment?” Tony didn’t know whether the purr of her voice excited him or petrified him. Either way, he did not have an actual death wish. The Science Bro Code was sacrosanct.
Vision escorted Wanda into the second lift, offering her his arm. “I believe I know just where Tony would like you to stay,” he told her as the doors closed on them. “I'll be close by.” Huh, Tony hadn't seen that one coming.
them listen to me.”
“It’s happening again,” Wanda said and they all turned to look at the screen, gaping as the Hulk shifted back to Bruce, naked but for a pair of what looked like lycra shorts.
They both groaned when Tony’s warm palm wrapped around Steve’s cock. “Holy shit.” Steve dropped his head on Tony’s shoulder so that he could watch as Tony stripped his dick.
“Haven’t you told them?” Tony asked.
Tony saw Loki hurry to catch up to Bucky. The god of mischief was clearly up to something. “I’m gathering by that remarkable display on the jet, that you are open to more…fluid relationships?” Loki sounded hopeful.
Steve decided to step in. “Alright, enough.” He gave each of them a hard look. “We have bigger things to worry about.”
“I didn’t know,” Steve said, putting the bowl down on the bedside table.
“No!” Tony yelped. “All good, just clumsy and very, very surprised to hear from you, Cap.” Maybe using the semi-mocking title he’d used when they first met, Tony would be able to keep some form of emotional distance.
Tony stopped thinking and moved around to crouch in front of Bucky. He reached up to put a hand on the back of Bucky’s neck, position eerily similar to a few days ago.
Natasha and Clint exchanged a loaded look. “What?” Sam stared between them. “Stop with the creeptastic spy telepathy and share with the class.”
Tony winced. That was going to bruise.
“You’re a dick, that’s what I think,” Dean shot back. Tony really wanted to be his best friend.
Bruce was busy putting in some of the rough calculations he and Tony had come up with on the jet into his computer. Tony went to the other keyboard, linking his own server with Bruce’s.
“How important he was,” Steve admitted. “Is,” he amended.
?” Only bats could hear the screech in Tony’s voice. Bruce and Bucky both winced. “You don’t negotiate with that dickhead! You lock him up and throw away the key!” Tony stopped, thinking furiously. “Why is he here? I thought he was busy playing Odin in Asgard?”
“Steve. Steve.
~~~~~~
Sam tipped his fork at him. “Hey, we all gotta eat right?”
“Everything about the meeting.” Tony knew that it was only semantics, but the bases still needed to be covered.
Billie’s expression was poisonous. Sam nudged Dean, grimacing at him. “Not helping here, man.” Dean rolled his eyes.
“While I’m happy to carry on with this amazing scenario, I believe we have been summoned.” Tony deserved
“And yet….” Strange appeared amused.
“They don’t know they have it,” Bruce said, letting his eyes travel around the room. “They have never known.”
Steve had learned to read her micro expressions. “There isn’t,” he insisted. He ignored the soft look of pity that filled her gaze. “Tony doesn’t…” he stopped.
a ‘but’. No ‘but’ came.
Steve flinched. He
~o0o~
“The world hasn’t ended yet,” Bucky pointed out, his hair soft against Steve’s cheek. “So far, so good.”
Natasha and Wanda were on the balcony, still fully dressed apart from their shoes. They’d each appropriated one of the loungers in the pool and were drifting across the water, tied together by what appeared to be Wanda’s belt.
“Crowley got the promotion when Lucifer was locked up,” Sam said, watching closely as Dean tied the end of the rope around his own waist. “I don’t think he’ll be keen on giving it up.”
Steve shook his head. “No, I mean I’m not going anywhere, Tony.” He wrapped his arms around Tony, making sure that they were looking at each other. “I’m not leaving
Tony stared at the thick root that rose up out of the ground. He could only see one. “How will we know where to look?” he asked. “I can’t see any other roots.”
“Captain America is the defacto leader of the Avengers. Him being associated in any way with you, apart from as a team-mate, is likely to tarnish his image in the eyes of the American people…” Fury was working up a head of steam.
“Uh...Oh! Hi. Hi! Is anyone home?” Tony’s little brain bee buzzed a tiny bit louder. “This is Scott Lang. We met a few years ago, at the airport? In Germany? I got really
Tony gave an exceptionally inelegant snort. “News at Ten, J. Steve Rogers is a hot piece of ass and I'd have to be dead not appreciate him. I’ve wanted to ride him like a pony since about two seconds after I saw him.”
“Makes sense,” Tony admitted. “Leader of the free world, and all.” He looked at Rhodey. “Be careful,” he warned. “We don’t know what powers Set has given his minions.”
you sign them?” Thor asked. “Of everyone on the team, you would have been the least inclined to accept a leash, my metal friend.”
Bucky threw him a towel. “Cover up, princess,” he said. “You can’t go after Tony like that.”
Steve wanted to hit something. “He’s fine.” His jaw was clenched so hard that it hurt.
Steve hid his smile behind his hand. Bucky looked bewildered. “Um…”
“Natasha Romanov.” She held out her hand. “You must be Tony Stark.”
“Okay, so, as Bruce said, it’s all theoretical right now. Unless we get the Reality Stone, we’re doomed. There,” Tony declared. “I can’t dumb it down any more.”
“No,” Strange gave him a not-so-gentle nudge from behind. “This is the work of our large friend.”
Bucky's grin was blinding. “No take-backs,” he claimed.
“Virgin?” Natasha’s mouth curved even more. “Oh, this is going to be
“When you put it that way….” Loki stopped the pretense suddenly. “Our very existence is threatened, Captain. I ask not just for myself, but for my people.”
“The way you rolled your eyes looked painful.” Tony had never learned when to shut up.
“You say that a lot,” Tony told him.
Rhodes nodded his understanding. “Culture shock.”
Tony waited.
It was Tony’s turn to wobble. “Fucker,” he growled.
Tony lowered his head, barely hiding his smirk. Clearly time spent with Tony hadn’t helped Bucky’s attitude.
Tony grinned. “I know something else I’d like on my ass…”
“I don't know why everyone believes that, but that isn't true!” Bruce obviously hadn’t got the memo that they were messing with him. “Think about it: If you travel to the past, that past becomes your future. And your former present becomes the past. Which can't now be changed by your new future...”
“No, you’re not.” Steve couldn’t afford to be gentle about this. “I’m going to ask Bruce whether he can work on your problem while Tony and Vision carry on with the bigger issue.”
“I’m scanning the riverbed for traces of vibranium, sir. The Iron Legion have arrived.”
,” Tony said.
“I already said that I do not care.” Loki’s teeth were clenched in rage.
“Super soldier serum,” Steve reminded him.
hates you,” he said. “I don’t think she’d do it.”
“I’m guessing this isn’t Earth?” Tony was reasonably sure he’d never seen blue grass. The heavens looked like a giant bruise, swirling with purple, yellow and green. There were trees, black silhouettes against the sickly-colored sky. It was alien and terrifying and utterly mesmerizing.
Ross nodded. “I think I’d accept that,” he said.
Natasha walked over to her, put a hand on Wanda’s where the tendrils of crimson were beginning to seep out. “Not now, Wanda. Not yet.” She waited for Wanda to look at her, for the scarlet to bleed from her eyes.
“Of course, sir.” She sounded subdued as though she’d picked up on his mood. “I hope you sleep well.”
“Point him out to me,” he reminded Steve.
Tony’s smile widened. “Because pretty much everything I say has a filthy thought behind it,” he said.
“Oh, you have no idea what sort of punishment Legolas is facing, Steve.” Tony’s mouth curled a little. “That is going to be fun to watch.”
“What for?” Tony scoffed. “It’s not like I had any choice about bringing you to my home. You’re all compromised and the UN doesn’t trust you. Until you’ve proved that you’re willing to work within the framework of the revised Accords, you’re not
“That’s impossible,” Tony insisted. “I only added a minute amount of radiation.” He tucked his head under Rhodey’s arm to try to get a glimpse of his new creation again.
“How are you doing?” he asked when he reached the low wall that was the only protection between land and death.
“According to my snoopy AI, about three million.” Tony watched the astonishment on Bucky’s face with glee.
Steve carefully picked Bucky up in his arms, cradling him like the precious cargo he was. “Thanks Bruce.”
feel about him?” Tony asked, curious suddenly. He knew they were BFFs forever, but the future that Wanda had shown him had suggested more. There was something between Bucky and Steve, visible even now. Tony was a problem solver by nature. He needed all of the variables before he committed to a course of action.
~o0o~
Bucky grinned. “Hey.” He gave a pinkie wave that should have looked stupid but instead looked cool.
Steve couldn’t listen anymore. He shoved away from the table.
Steve made to get up. “Stay right there,” Tony told him. “There’s nothing you can do until I’m done with my shit. Get some sleep while you can.”
“You could set that up,” Tony said. “I’d be there. Cap too.”
“That sounds like the Nazis with the Jews.” Steve wasn’t polite about it.
“Eden?” Steve frowned.
“Are you okay?” she asked, always uncomfortable with emotions.
“Well, yes, I do prefer to be on top.” Tony waggled his eyebrows.
A little while later, after an incredibly awkward discussion about Pepper, as well as the usual Howard comparison, Tony said, “Oh, really? You two knew each other? He never mentioned that. Maybe only a thousand times. God, I hated you.”
“It’s not yours and it’s not a cat,” Steve said as he came into the infirmary.
Thor frowned. “I must admit my puzzlement grows,” he said. “It appears to be an unassuming piece of jewelry.”
“Clint.” Natasha’s soft word had him clamping his jaw, breathing heavily through his nose. “They’re both idiots. We have already established this. Right now, we have bigger concerns than getting Captain America to admit he’s scared shitless.” Her lips twisted a little cruelly. Steve couldn’t remember her being this deliberately nasty to him.
“Why can’t you go further?” Steve asked. “I thought you were the king of this place?”
“Don’t finish that,” Bruce warned. “Sleep it off, flyboy. You had your ass handed to you good and proper tonight.”
Tony nodded, opened his eyes. “I grabbed it and flew as far up into the wormhole as I could.” He tried to smile. “I had sort of resigned myself to it being a one-way trip.”
“Exactly!” Scott flung out his hands. “I’m a fluke already, so it’s like a double fluke, which totally cancels out!”
Fuck. Tony liked him. This had disaster of Hulk proportions written all over it. “You owe me nothing,” he said, dropping all his walls. This guy deserved more. Tony wanted to
Thor shook his head. “That is impossible.”
them.
Tony wanted to hit something. Preferably Steve Fucking Rogers. Secretary Ross ranting at him over the phone was his least favorite way to spend his time. He finally interrupted the tirade. “Consequences? You bet there'll be consequences. Obviously you can quote me on that because I just said it. Anything else?” He didn’t wait for a reply before saying, “Thank you, sir,” and ending the call.
Bucky’s mouth quirked. “I guess along with a new arm, I’ve got a new attitude.”
small and mean.
“She looks like she could eviscerate me with her pinkie.” Rhodey sounded far too excited at the prospect.  Pepper glared at him.
Even for him, that was pretty spectacular going.
Bright, funny, arrogant, obnoxious, wonderful Tony was dead. He had been too late.
Just then a cab pulled up and Reed Richards climbed out. “Fuck.” Tony rubbed his eyes. “Thanks Hap, I’m not sure how long I’ll be.”
“I’m taking Widow, Hawkeye and Falcon to Malibu with the Quinjet, sir.” It wasn’t a request.
As have you all.
“Sammy and I share ours,” Dean announced, sounding almost as though he didn’t believe it.
Bucky bit his lip as punishment. It made Steve shudder. “That’s not nice, Stevie,” Bucky remonstrated, sliding his hand around Steve’s waist and under his jeans. Steve widened his stance, enjoying the hitch in Tony’s breath as his cock pressed against Tony’s ass.
“We are
Pepper stared at the phone in her hand, apparently willing it to ring.
Thor frowned. “Taneleer Tivan is one of the Elders of the Universe. He has dedicated his life to collect artifacts and living beings to place them out of danger.” He sounded offended at Tony’s suggestion.
“Part of the upload was a video file, also with Agent Romanoff’s signature,” JARVIS said. “I’ve sent it to monitor three.”
“You started yelling about them after the first shot,” Bruce said.
Oops, Tony hadn’t thought about that. “Uh….”
And he was out.
“They thought…think…we’re dangerous,” Tony said. “But we aren’t. And I’m going to make them understand it.” He thought of Sokovia, how much damage had been done, how many had died despite their best efforts. And wondered whether they were maybe right.
mad. Tony calls a time-out. Fury briefs the team. Shit's about to get real.
Dean made a scoffing noise. “I don’t believe that was your first rodeo with Lucifer, Stark.”
“Okay.” Steve didn’t argue, just reached over to pull at the drawer. Everything went flying. Only super reflexes on Steve’s part had him catching the bottle of lube.
“Welcome to my new humble abode,” Loki said with a sweeping gesture.
“Looking pretty white for a black guy,” Bucky noted with a grin.
“Blinds down, lights out,” he ordered F.R.I.D.A.Y.
“I hate you,” Sam choked after swallowing the whiskey down the wrong pipe. “Actual hate.”
“Me?” Bucky hadn’t missed that look.
“Asgard has helped save Earth just as often,” Tony said. “We are allies.”
“Yeah?” Tony gave an unconcerned shrug. He wasn’t going to let the Blue Man Crew freak him out. “I think your tree likes me.” He was thinking about adding a … “everyone likes me” to the end of that statement the fact that the Frost Giants still appeared in shock had him holding his tongue.
“You are completely ridiculous,” Steve told him, rolling over and trapping Tony beneath him. He stared down at Tony’s laughing face and turned his head a little to meet Bucky’s gaze. “Both of you are.”
Steve wanted to laugh and cry in equal measure. “Thanks, Barton. That was exceptionally helpful.” He looked at them. “Are we agreed?”
The closer he got to the trees, the more worried he became. Bruce had disappeared for a reason. A stupid, misguided reason, but a reason nevertheless. Who was he to try and force him back into the real world? Tony was a high-functioning alcoholic with daddy issues. What did he know about anything?
“I’ll let you know when I’ve won,” Tony told them.
“What is it?” Natasha went to Clint, her hand on his shoulder; an anchor that Steve could see he clearly needed.
Natasha snorted a laugh into her drink. And then coughed as some of the liquor went up her nose.
“Hey!” Clint hit the Quinjet thrusters. “Team player! Hold your fucking horses, Rhodes!” The whoop in their ears made Clint mutter that he was going to do something physically impossible to Rhodey.
“It’s a constant trial,” Tony agreed, holding Bucky’s hand as they followed Steve into Tony’s suites.
He waited. She stared at him, finally dropping her gaze to their hands. “Why now?” she asked. “Why today?” She looked back up at him. “What changed overnight?”
Clint grabbed his hand and pulled him in close for a hug. “Asshole, why have you been such a stranger?”
virtues. He watched as delegates talked among themselves, every now and then an exclamation of surprise, anger or disgust. T’Challa didn’t bother looking at his folder. He’d already read it. He nodded to Tony with a tiny smile of approval.
“I was talking about Barton,” Tony said with a little eyebrow waggle.
“Councilors.” Tony walked into the room with Vision at his back. He didn’t bother to attempt to disguise himself. Nobody on the planet was ignorant of what Tony Stark looked like anyway.
Tony yawned.
Wanda was the only one who escaped with any dignity. She strolled out after Sam, Rhodey and Steve had tripped over themselves. “Tony Stark.” Her greeting was a declaration. “Green Monster.”
“Right,” Tony rubbed his hands together. “You two, come with me.” He pointed at Loki and Thor. “I want to know more about this Reality Stone and how to get our grubby paws on it.”
He looked around at them all. “I’ll let you know how it’s going in California. Hopefully my kid hasn’t grown up
“So he has two and we have two,” Sam said.
much of something.” He waved his other hand at Bruce. “Any chance you’ve got some clothes lying around the jungle?”
, a hero and should be treated as such.” He held up a hand when he could see arguments forming. “You have to know that I, of anyone in this room except perhaps King T’Challa, have cause to be righteously angry with the Winter Soldier. And I am. But that isn’t the man who left with Captain Rogers.”
“We can still see and hear you!” Clint called.
“I should say it more.” Tony rubbed his thumb across Steve’s lips. “I’m going to say it more.”
“We were merely on the
“You kissed Steve Rogers, dumbass. Drink up. We want details.” Laura’s smile was evil.
Dean ran a hand across the bonnet, up the windscreen and patted the top of the car above the driver’s door. “She’s saved us more times than I can count.”
The third day, Natasha broke in.
“This wasn’t funny when we were children.” Thor swiped at the Loki next to him, his hand passing right through him. “It still isn’t.”
Steve looked over at Natasha and her face was like carved marble. He wanted to offer comfort but right now, he was the last person she needed.
Rhodey sighed. “When you’re in a relationship, you’re better.”
Steve took one last look at Tony who refused to meet his eyes. “I'll be back as soon as I can,” he told Bucky.
“Nothing!” Tony panted. “Just, you do you.”
“I’m not entirely sure if that’s a good thing,” Bruce admitted.
The same group of people came in with another set of documents. This pack was considerably larger. They did the same thing as before, handing the documents out to the members of the General Assembly, taking care to match language to person.
Tony finally managed to push away from Bucky, giving him a firm look. “We’re going to have a little chat about that later, Buckeroo.” He flapped a hand between them.
The noise in the room built and built until finally the General Assembly President banged his gavel. “Please! Settle down, everyone! Order! Order!”
Steve sighed. “Quinjet to Malibu,” he said.
Tony, Bruce and Bucky stared at the phone. “He’s M-A-D.” Bucky said.
“Captain Rogers had hallucinations of giant arachnids,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. sniffed.
“He’s all romance,” Tony agreed as Steve leaned over his shoulder to kiss Bucky. Steve tasted lube and sweat and something that he knew was uniquely Tony. He shouldn’t be so turned on by it. The era he’d grown up in wouldn’t have understood whatever this was between them. He wasn’t entirely sure himself, but he wanted it.
Tony turned his gaze back to him. “Take care of Bucky, okay?” He tried to smile but it felt wrong on his face.
And Tony Stark was no fool. He’d learned about betrayal at the hands of those closest to him. He wasn’t about to give anybody the chance to betray him again.
“You’d have pushed.” It didn’t sound like an accusation from Tony, but Steve took it that way anyway.
Bruce was still talking to Natasha. “So you're saying it's the literal end of the world?”
Tony grinned and shrugged. “Always wanted to say that line.”
“Demon knife,” Sam said, obviously reading Natasha’s micro-expressions. “Pretty useful in a fight.”
Steve cringed. “What about me and Bucky?” he asked, almost afraid to know.
“They used to drink it to heal them, to give them longevity,” Bruce mused, eyes narrowed as he stared at Tony. “Are you trying to say…?”
“You guys have way more power than we do,” Steve pointed out.
“Is this an old message?” Steve asked, eyes glued to the screen.
Tony was frustrated. “None of your business,” he sniped and stalked out of the gym. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. I’ll need the Mach 10 suit ready to leave in five.”
And thanks to Tony…they did.
Steve nodded. “Yeah, just like that.” Tony saw Steve and Carol share a knowing look. Superpowers sometimes made people extremely annoying.
“Neither is Tony,” Steve said.
“Steve Rogers.” Of course Steve was the first to stand and offer his hand. Even though he’d been as dubious as Tony, those old-fashioned good manners were as much a part of him as his blue eyes.
“And just what has your
Bucky cackled, that moment of blankness gone and Tony had never felt more relieved.
“You’re not okay,” Bruce told him. “You’re worried about your best friend who’s now your boyfriend, who just had  me rummaging around in his brain, as well as worried about your
Tony hesitated this time. “You want to run the plan by me?”
Steve glared at her. “Why are you pushing so hard, Nat?” Because that’s what she’d been doing for days now. Pushing and pushing and pushing at him until he felt like he was about to burst into a million pieces.
“You are both annoying the hell out of me,” Bruce said as he put cover slides over the blood smears. “Shut up and let me work.”
Tony didn’t know for how long they were out there. He was abruptly aware of the chill in the air. He shivered. “We should head inside,” he suggested. “The sun’s going to be setting in a minute.”
Steve stared at Natasha. “You know where...?” He couldn't believe she'd known all this time where Bruce was and hadn't shared it with them.
Pepper went pale. “A conversation that starts with that phrase never ends well,” she said.
“Buck?” Steve motioned for him to join them.
“Huh,” Tony said. “Is that true?” he asked Atlantis. The walls pulsated blue and red and then red and gold. It was answer enough. “We’re going to have to set some boundaries, you know that, right Peggy?”
of you is like trying to talk to toddlers.”
Steve watched them walk away.
Bruce shook his head. “No. But, he still shows up when I need him. Just less damage, more control both of him and myself.”
“Well, crap.” Tony sighed. “That explains a whole fuckton.”
Bruce spent a few minutes checking Bucky’s pulse, and flicking the penlight in his eyes. He squared his shoulders. “I’d like us to run one last CAT scan, but I reckon you just need to give your brain a chance to heal.”
Bruce thumbed behind him. Steve turned on the sofa and saw Bucky curled up around the Iron Man suit. “What the hell?”
The triumphant expression on Rhodey’s face had Tony laughing. “Star Trek, Terminator, TimeCop, Time After Time –“
Tony couldn’t even see straight he was so pissed off. Bucky’s hand on his chest made him realize he was almost ready to launch himself at Steve.
Steve dug a thumb into his eye in frustration. “Tony, let me help you.”
Bruce grimaced, shaking his head. “I’m okay,” he said. “Just the noise.”
He owed her the truth. “I did,” he admitted. “You deserve someone who wants to lasso the moon and hang it around your neck.”
“Shake the lady’s hand, Tones,” Rhodey urged. “Don’t be rude.” He nudged Tony’s back.
He pointed to Vision. “He’s not human.” He pointed to Rhodey. “He is.” And finally at himself. “
Barnes met his gaze. “My friends call….called me, Bucky,” he told Tony.
The medical team scuttled closer and took hold of his arms. He let one of them start to take his pulse.
He took a deep breath. “Hey.” His voice broke on the word as everyone’s eyes turned to him. Only Sam and Bucky hadn’t heard him.
“Right.” Bucky drooped next to him. They clinked their mugs together. They were united in their misery. It was like a switch had flipped and suddenly Tony was seeing the person Bucky had once been. To say that he was fascinated would have been an understatement.
Rhodes snorted, walking again. “Nothing about any one of you is convenient. Tony made places for you in his home, in his heart. He gave you little pieces of himself so that you wouldn’t leave. And still. You did.”
Pepper’s eye-roll was almost as epic has Rhodey’s had been. “If you weren’t so damn obnoxious then maybe you’d actually score sometime.”
She rolled her shoulders, letting out a sigh. “You all forgot,” She looked around the jet. “My parents died at Tony Stark’s hands when I was ten. My
“Kidnapped?” Bucky asked, a big hand coming up to his chest and covering the spot where his heart beat. “Machine?”
Loki slumped forward, allowing all of his weight to fall on Thor. Steve was surprised to see that Thor merely pulled him close, tucking Loki’s face against his neck.
And twitched.
“Fuck me,” he breathed.
Despite his heated cheeks, Tony took a moment to appreciate that his friend felt comfortable enough in his skin now to just relax and tease. “You’re going straight to Pepper, aren’t you?” he asked.
discuss them with you because I didn’t have a choice.”
“You really shouldn’t have, Tony,” Bruce helped himself before Tony could get there. Tony’s eyes narrowed. “I’m feeling a little green today so this will definitely do the trick.”
Steve grinned at him, grabbing another mug and pouring more coffee in it. “Nope, the guy that just kissed you was Steve Rogers. He’s a little slow but once he decides on something, he’s pretty determined.” He handed Tony the mug and sauntered away, leaving Tony gaping after him in the kitchen like a particularly demented goldfish.
The sound of an engine had them both looking up. “Time to face the music,” Tony said, pushing to his feet.
“Tony Stark doesn’t say things he doesn’t mean,” Natasha said. “Not to the people who are important to him.”
If Coulson was confused at Tony using his Christian name, then he didn’t say anything. “Director Fury has mentioned a race of aliens that passively observe and record events for those who will come after the universe ends. He calls them the Watchers.”
“But?” Steve prompted.
“Sir, if I may?” JARVIS interjected.
“Tony,” Bruce’s voice came from the doorway. “The only way this is going to work is if we all talk this out and then let it go.”
“Tony…” This time Pepper’s voice was strangled, like she was holding back tears. “Steve’s dead.” She said it so bluntly that Tony knew she’d said it about a hundred times to him already.
The President waved Rhodey off. “We’re all fine. He didn’t do anything to us except somehow stop us from talking.”
“Well, that’s just rude,” Natasha drawled. “I mean, I dressed up and everything.”
Bucky shook with laughter. “God knows, life isn’t boring with you around, Stark.”
Because he was a decent human being with a conscience that didn’t take advantage of a stupendously drunk person.
“Tony…” Steve held up his hands. “I’m trying to be the better man here.”
Steve put a hand on Tony’s forehead, ignoring the knowing glint in Natasha’s green eyes. “He feels hot,” he said.
“You’re being an idiot.” Natasha was tugging off her gloves. She’d just been kicking Sam’s ass, hardly breaking a sweat. “Just call him and tell him that you love him and miss him and want to have his little Iron babies.” Her mouth tilted on one side in a smirk.
~o0o~
They fucked, slow, lazy and Tony wanted it never to end. It had to, though. There were things that needed to be done. A job to be completed.
“Good night,” Vision replied, turning back to the stars and the night blooms. “And, Steve?”
Tony wasn't the type of guy to run from a problem. He usually ran straight
“About whether our alien friends from Asgard, are capable of shaking the inhuman calm of our synthesized friend.” Tony raised an eyebrow.
He couldn’t focus on anything but Steve’s slack face.
“Let’s hope it’s a simple one to solve then,” Natasha said; her eyes on Steve.
Tony beamed at Rhodey. “Snuggle-bear!” He raced over to him and threw his arms around him. “I’ve missed you.”
“But it isn’t up to you, Archer.” Loki didn’t sound like he was trying to pick a fight. Tony saw the raw fear in his eyes.
, dumbass,” Bucky said with a soft smile. “Now, get the fuck over here, and fucking kiss me.”
“Right after I’m done with it,” Barnes replied. “When I said talk to each other, I didn’t meant sucking each other’s faces off!”
“Tony.” This time it was Bruce.
That was all it took. Cooper launched himself into Clint’s arms with Lila not far behind. Snot and tears and angry shouting reigned for the next few minutes. Tony saw Laura’s hand cover her mouth as she tried to control her own emotions.
“Could you just hold still, please?” Bruce moved in front of Bucky, a small penlight in his one hand. The other held a machine that Steve didn’t recognize.
“You want me to come with you?” Steve asked.
Steve watched them leave, his best friend happily following a man who could kill him with a fist.
Tony tripped over his feet he laughed so hard.
!” Clint shouted, shoving Tony’s shoulder. “It’s not all about you, you dick. Not everything in the goddamn world is about you!”
Tony appreciated the tone. He turned back to Ross who got to his feet. “Now, why would you feel the need to arm your bodyguards with weapons clearly intended to hurt us?” he mused.
Natasha said.
Tony glared at Bucky. “None of your business, Stark,” Bucky told him. “Even best friends have a fight or two.”
Despite all evidence to the contrary, Tony was
“Be nice,” Steve chided her. “He’s the one who keeps you in Widow’s Bites and vodka.” He winked at Tony.
Dean gave a hiccup of laughter. “Because it hurts more?” They shared another fist-bump and Tony watched Steve and Sam give an almost identical put-upon sigh.
She sent a pulse of apology his way. “That’s okay,” he said, patting the armrest. “Let’s do some digging, shall we?”
“Wait!” Tony didn’t want Bucky to think…whatever it was he was clearly thinking. “I don’t mean I’m not interested.” He made a flappy gesture at his crotch. “Trust me, very
Peter shrugged. “Aunt May told me to get out of her hair,” he said.
“It’s almost like rape,” he said, feeling his stomach twist.
From then it was fighting and shouting and shooting until eventually Ultron was punched off the flying chunk of humanity that had been sliced out of the earth. Tony’s mind worked feverishly. This was bad. This was very bad in every way.
“Don't you try make Bruce your blankie, you asshat.” Rhodey was honestly the only person whoever got to talk to Tony like this and live. This time, however, Tony started planning his revenge. It would be slow, painful, and served ice-cold.
“Uh,” Sam said, cheeks a little pink. “If you mean that big piece of metal hanging off your belt, then yeah, I picked it up. It felt good in my hands.”
Bruce just nodded. And carried on talking.
“Is that supposed to happen?” Steve asked.
“At the rate the venom is destroying the heart tissue; Tony will need a heart transplant in about a day.” Bruce shook his head. “It just doesn’t make sense. There were no necrotizing molecules in the sample that I drew from Matilda.”
Tony didn’t look at him. “Apparently Vision told her to show me what could be if I just let it happen.”
“Peggy says that she is,” Steve said.
Natasha stepped back, no evidence of her tears apart from that small wet patch on Tony’s shirt. “You shouldn’t have made me worry like that.” It sounded like a threat.
possible,” he murmured as though to himself.
He was about to step in, because he was the water on every fire, shut up Clint, he wasn’t the gas, when Thor grabbed Loki’s arm, tugging him away from Bucky and imminent danger. “Brother, you are most welcome here in our home on Midgard, but I caution you. My fellow warriors do not take kindly to the sort of pleasures we enjoy on Asgard.”
Tony was keeping them forever.
“Can I ask you something without you giving me a smartass reply?” Steve asked.
,” he insisted.
Steve just pulled him into his arms, out of Tony’s grasp and held on. He kept saying Bucky’s name over and over again, a mantra of joy and love.
“Why?” Natasha was the one who asked. “Why did he send it back?”
people. It's not a nice place
“Don’t let me down.” Steve’s words were just as soft.
“I want it all,” Steve said. He lifted his hand, cupped Tony’s cheek. “I want the team, I want my friend healed, I want the world to be safe. But most of all, even if I don’t get any of those other things, I’ll be okay if I get the chance to be with you.”
“You just never know when to shut up, do you Tony?” Steve’s question was almost fond. He watched Tony from the sofa.
*дорогая– Russian for ‘dearest’ – thanks so much to
Steve frowned. “Why? I was only under for a couple of minutes.”
Fury indicated that they sit. Tony sat at Steve’s right, Bucky at his left. Interestingly, Dean pulled up a chair next to Tony, Sam beside him. The rest of the team took various places.
Sam and Bucky were outside, Tony realized once he looked in the direction Clint was gazing.
So, I've skipped the Wakandan Avengers' reaction to the President's speech because I'm always too talky & let's be real, that bunch are on the 1st plane out of here. Steve is so stubborn. Lord. Oh, and please don't hate me....
“You were my friend.” Steve met Tony’s gaze, not flinching from the surprise that disappeared quickly behind that hatefully practiced blank stare. “I failed you. I failed us.”
“He is my
Steve propped his fists on his hips. “Well, forgive me for being concerned about the moron who just had fucking
And up.
“I told you that I was trying to be a better man so that Steve…” Tony tried.
Tony talks to trees. Steve talks to Bruce. And Bucky. And Thor. And Loki. And Wanda.
“More like the Three Stooges,” Clint murmured.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said, staring down at his hands.
Tony was also procrastinating.
Steve had never loved anyone quite as much as he loved Tony in that moment.
Sam dropped onto the nearest chair. “Sign me up for this show,” he said. “I reckon things are about to get interesting.”
Sam looked proud of himself. “A lifetime of bad influence,” he said.
Steve went pale. “I was…”
“Love,” Tony replied, without thinking about it. “Um.”
“I’m still mad at you,” Steve said even as he wrapped his arms around Tony.
She snapped it a couple of times and held it up to the light.
A crash above their heads heralded the arrival of Tony’s favorite god. “He’s hee-ee-re…” he hummed.
She hugged him back with a laugh. “The new Quinjets are amazing,” she said. “Tell Tony that, as always, he’s my favorite.”
Of course, as soon as his eyes closed, the images of Tony and Bucky popped into his head. He’d kissed Bucky so he knew what his mouth tasted like. He’d tasted like sunlight and peppermint. Bucky had always loved peppermints, and that seemed to have lasted through whatever crap Hydra had done to him.
Natasha slipped into the room like a wraith. Her face was pale and she studiously avoided looking at anyone other than Tony. “Are you alright?” Her normally husky voice was raspier than normal.
Dean glared at Sam. “Shut up,” he mumbled. “It’s goddamn Captain America, you heathen.”
, though, which is why Tony reckoned he’d made it to Heaven after all.  “Captain America?” he rasped, and promptly passed out.
She wrapped her fingers around his wrists. “But what he did to you, Tony. How can I…how can
“I’ve finally realized just who I’m supposed to be.” Jarvis’ rounded British accent made everything he said sound deep and meaningful. It almost always wasn’t.
silence.
“This isn’t a game.” Bucky spoke suddenly. “We can die. Our worlds can die. If Tony says he needs to know everything, then fucking
Crowley chuckled. “Oh, you’re just delightful,” he declared. “I’m going to have such fun breaking you in.”
the monster.
Bucky gets a kiss. Steve gets a kiss. Tony gets a kiss.
“I can,” Tony smacked his ass. “Good thing I’m coming with then, isn’t it, Capsicle?”
Steve wanted to punch him in the face. “You knew?” He was beyond angry. He was Hulk levels of angry.
Bucky rolled off Tony, onto his back, and held out a hand to Steve. “That impressive hard-on needs to be taken care of, Stevie. Need a little help with that?”
“Hey!” Tony protested. “Busy trying to save
“Set,” Sam said quickly. “The crown turned up, and we figured out that Set is Lucifer, and he’s been trying to take over people and rule the world.” He sounded out of breath at the end.
“That is
Tony didn’t dare look around as he sat back down.
Tony snorted. “That’s a fucking
“You have not changed in size, Tony,” Vision pointed out.
~o0o~
Tony flapped a hand at him. “Hush you, we’re negotiating.” Tony was the best negotiator. “You were saying,” he prompted. Steve groaned and flopped down in Tony’s chair. DUM-E trundled over and offered a sympathetic claw. Steve took it.
Steve frowned in confusion at her. “We are nothing alike,” he said.
“We all put our pants on one leg at a time,” Tony said. He turned his head to see Bucky walking towards him. “Hey.”
“Not here,” Steve said, propping his hands on his hips, uncaring of his nakedness.
“Already ordered, sir.”
“Awake,” Steve said. “Maybe you can go check on him?”
Steve watched Pepper sobbing over Tony’s body, something inside him freezing up. He felt as though he was back in the ice again.
Steve watched Natasha come out of the hospital room. “Is he okay?” he asked.
“All of this is happening because of my error.” Loki’s mouth was tight. “I felt that we needed someone of human origin who could wield magic.”
“The last time you tried to talk to me you found out that I’d been lying to you for years.” Steve wasn’t pulling his punches either. “And then you tried to kill me and my best friend.”
“Yeah, Bruce is finished with whatever he and Vision were doing.” Tony tugged on a pair of loose cotton pants. “I’m up.”
“There is a plan but Thor is being a dick about it,” Clint said.
“Fascinating,” Natasha said, sounding as though she found it anything but. Tony glared at her.
~~~~~~
“Sorry,” Scott mumbled. “I’m a general all-around fuck-up so I tend to believe the worst about people.”
“They can’t go to the compound,” Vision said. “It doesn’t really exist anymore.”
“And how do you feel, Tony?” The voice wasn’t F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s but Tony was just a little too far gone to notice.
I apologize profusely. My muse has been hammering me to write a post CA:CW fic which has reached about 2k already. I'm not sure if I should start posting that one until I finish with this. Ugh. I hate adulting.
Tony sighed. “You’re a sneaky asshole.”
Steve shook his head. If he talked he’d either sob like a girl or get so mad he’d make the Hulk afraid.
“Dumbass,” she told him as she pulled him close. “Don’t do that again.”
Tony lay between them, wide awake.
“Save the world!” Toy exclaimed. “That’s what I want to do. What I’m
“Instructions from Director Fury were need-to-know only.” Coulson was Tony’s unexpected savior. “Tony wasn’t allowed to talk about it.”
this. He could practically feel every eye on them.
“Tony?” Steve’s voice came from the doorway.
“Give me a break!” Tony yelled. “I'm doing what has to be done… to stave off something worse!”
“My brother is dead!” Thor roared. The floor shook beneath them and the remaining windows rattled. Lighting lit up the shores of the distant islands. They’d never quite figured out just what power Thor carried.
“No.” Rhodey glared at Tony. “Get the hell out of here and let me suffer with Nurse Pratchett here.”
“Who was he going to talk to, Steve?” Natasha wasn’t mincing her words. “He was dealing with Rhodes’ rehabilitation, trying to keep Ross off his ass and knowing that his friends had betrayed him.”
~o0o~
He looked over at Steve. It really wasn't okay that Captain fucking America appeared so worn down.
Bucky’s laugh wasn’t pretty. “I know how that sounds,” he gritted. “But he’s been my anchor for the past two months.” He scrubbed his hand over his face. “As long as I could see him then I was okay.”
“Let’s bring him here,” Steve said. “I’m sure we could handle a single vampire.”
“Wait,” Bucky assured him. “This is a doozy.”
Tony had built Bucky a new arm, given him something so precious. Something that Steve had no way of competing with.
Tony nodded once. “See, Ross figured if you wouldn’t be under his thumb, then you shouldn’t be allowed to live.”
“She would have wanted to come with me,” Bruce said after a moment of looking down at his tea. “And I wouldn’t have had the strength to say no.”
Tony sighed, digging back in again and then stopped. “Did anyone let Wilson and Rhodey know that the crisis had passed?” Tony at Steve. “I assume that the mind-control that Set had in place has fallen away?”
She shook her head. “I should call him, tell him how I feel.” She sounded far-away. Steve was legitimately terrified for her.
Sam and Rhodey were both sitting up by now, woken by the sound of their voices. “What was it?” Sam asked.
As Tony, Bruce and Vision launched into a conversation of scientific and techno-babble that he had no way of following, Steve settled back against the bay door, closing his eyes. He needed to get some rest now, while there was a chance. He had the feeling that the next few days were going to have little opportunity for it.
“Thank you, light of my life.” Tony kissed her cheek, the faint ache in his heart like a bruise that wouldn’t heal.
was supposed to be how they started. Like this. Friends.
Bruce flinched at the intensity of Loki’s gaze, but met his eyes anyway. “It was never mine to share.”
Big. Mistake.
“Eventually,” Bucky agreed. “Talk.”
“Oh, I am in deep, deep shit, my friend,” Clint said, dropping the phone onto the table. He rubbed at his eyes. “My wife threatened to cut off my balls and feed them to one of Thor’s Bilgesnipe. Oh, and by the way, Laura’s working for Stark now.”
“Leave. Me. Alone.” Tony gritted the words out through clenched teeth as he lost all feeling below his waist. He took short, sharp breaths. He knew the cold wasn’t real. That it was a by-product of that day in Siberia. Suit powered down, unable to release, damaged in a way that Tony hadn’t been able to fix.
“You are infantile,” Coulson told him.
Rhodey smirked. “As if I didn’t know that was your playroom.”
into a weapon by Hydra.  As was Wanda.”
“It's a little bit the same,” Tony insisted. “We've both got regrets. But living while looking back is only going to trip you up.”
“Broke up?” Bruce looked even more bewildered. “Like a band? Like The Beatles?” Sam’s snicker was not helpful.
“Boundaries, big guy, boundaries,” Clint pulled a pillow over his face. “Can’t you ask someone to put the sun out?”
“Fury said that we could be something more together.” Steve kept his hand on Tony. “He was only talking to the two of us then.”
Tony felt like an asshole. “My girl, you are the yin to my yang, the jelly to my peanut butter…”
“Whipped,” Natasha muttered behind his back.
Tony nodded. “Trust me, it was. I think you’d have killed me yourself.”
Tony and Bucky crouched down on either side of him. Tony looked concerned. Bucky seemed completely terrified.
Steve stood. “Come on, Stark. I think it’s time you took a time-out.” He strolled across the lab, all loose limbs, and stupid muscles. Tony wanted to lick him from head to toe.
It was a way down, so there was no way Bruce had been the one to swim out of there. He had to have been in Big Green Machine mode. Unless he’d jumped out before the jet had gone down. He doubted it though. Banner hadn’t been one for heights. That had been Hulk’s thing.
Tony gulped. “I…” His heart started beating faster again and he couldn’t bear the thought of another panic attack.
her?”
She turned that vicious glare on Sam. “And why on earth would I do that, Sammy-boy?”
“This is why you are my favorite.” Tony beamed at him.
“You’ve been a good friend to him,” Steve told Tony. “To all of us.” He looked around the jet. Every one of them had been taken under Tony’s metaphorical wing at some point. “You need reminding.”
of danger. He was reluctantly impressed at the balls on Bruce.
“Tony.” Bruce’s tone was chiding. “That attitude isn’t going to help.”
Tony felt his knees wobble. He sat down abruptly. “General Thaddeus Ross?” he asked, wanting to ensure he wasn’t freaking out unnecessarily.
“I know you’ve had a giant baby-ass crush on Steve for ages,” Pepper said, moving away from Rhodey and pulling herself up on the bench on the other side of Tony. “I’m friends with Natasha who is Bucky’s something twice removed and we all know who Bucky is.”
to,” he amended.
Loki gave an impatient growl. “My oath to your Tin Man is so that I will not steal the Reality Stone for myself and attempt to fix the things I have already broken.”
“How about that,” Tony mused, amazed and delighted. He stopped. “But you said that I’m dying,” he remembered.
Jim stood looking at the arm without moving. “It looks like an arm,” he announced.
Bucky nodded. “We'll be here.” He gave Steve a reassuring smile.
Wanda’s hand on his stinging cheek had him facing her once more. “Look,” she insisted. “Look.”
“I didn’t think you cared.” Pepper wasn’t looking at them. “Not one of you asked Tony why he supported the Accords.
Bucky nodded and shrugged. “I’ve spent a lot of time working in surveillance over the past several decades. I’ve learned how to disappear into the shadows.”
Steve sighed. “We really aren’t.” He looked at Tony. “What are we going to do once we get into space?” Plans that worked weren’t usually Tony’s forte.
Tony was feeling giddy with relief. He’d done it. Made it home in mostly one piece and saved the universe at the same time.
“What was that?” Natasha twirled a twizzle stick in one hand menacingly.
Tony thought maybe, just maybe, they might make it out alive.
“Thanks,” he said, sweeping past Steve and Bucky. “I’ll see you later.”
“Now we get Barnes back.” Natasha booted up the laptop.
Thaddeus "Thunderbolt" Ross was a tall, imposing man. If Tony was the easily awed sort, he’d have been intimidated. Because he was Tony Stark…not so much.
Tony’s kiss turned dirty then, mouth opening beneath Steve’s. He was pliant in Steve’s arms, letting his body be moved in whatever way Steve wanted. “So sure,” he whispered into Steve’s mouth. “I’m a selfish man and I won’t do without you.”
Steve smiled at him. “You devolve when you’re being seduced.”
She looked up, more color in her face now and a tiny smirk on her lips. “It’s your charming personality, Mr. Stark. It inspires people.”
Steve grinned down at him, eyes bright and happy. “You haven’t stopped though,” he pointed out, looking down to where Tony’s hand was wrapped around his dick.
“Wait.” Sam put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Set’s symbol…”
Loki has a secret. Bucky discovers it. The plot gets even plottier.
“Stronger,” Barnes rasped. “I know.”
Tony slept for a day. He knew that because the moment his eyes opened he heard J.A.R.V.I.S. say, “Good day sir. It is Friday the 27th of November and the time is two thirty in the afternoon.”
Tony. No way would Tony Stark be okay with being a mindless puppet. No matter what was coming. Tony wasn't the sort to hide. He faced things head-on.
“None!” Tony pointed at Natasha. “Nat keeps me honest.”
Steve obeyed the first part of the order, but then said, “War Machine, Falcon, Widow and Hawkeye have gone on a mission for the President.”
Tony didn’t like the sound of that at all. “Are you expecting a lot of protecting will be needed?” he asked as he followed the Frost Giant. The stairs were surprisingly not slippery. Strange took up the rear.
“I’m perfectly chill,” Fury gritted.
She frowned. “I haven’t heard anything about that.”
Steve couldn’t bear it any longer. He put the case on the large coffee table and almost wept when his old code from the tower worked to snap it open.
Thor nodded. “He was sealed up in what my father calls a pocket dimension by his own hand.”
“I can actually see the hearts in your eyes.” Tony shook his head. “That’s just embarrassing, man.” Rhodey’s judge-y eyebrows went up. “Whatever. I’m not going to be held responsible for something I did while drunk.
Wanda lifted a hand suddenly, and tendrils of crimson smoke seeped onto the floor of the jet. “Your vision,” she said, looking at Tony. “Your friends died.”
“It’s in her teeth,” Tony supplied with a beam of pride. “She’s so badass.”
Steve felt like he was about five years old again and being told off by his ma. “I’m sorry,” he said. “That was very rude.”
!” he shouted.
She turned to Vision. He shrugged. “It would appear that we are no longer needed.”
“You’re the only one who knows, Bruce.” Tony heard the urgency in his voice. “I need to know that you won’t let me fuck it up again.”
“Bruce, I’m going to need you with me on this,” Tony said. He shoved Scott towards his console. “Right Lang, tell me everything you remember that asshole Pym told you about the Quantum Realm. High hopes won't help if there's no logical, tangible way for me to safely execute said time heist. I believe the most likely outcome would be our collective demise.”
“And he won’t be able to!” Steve exclaimed. He threw his arms around Natasha. “Have I told you lately how fabulous you are?”
“What’s the rush?” Clint asked. “None of the monsters out there have tried to attack again.”
“You were about to walk into a wall,” Steve told him, taking his shoulders and guiding him into the kitchen. “Good morning, Tony.”
~~~O~~~~
“Protect him?” Tony was confused. “Again, built like a god.”
She cut him open then, pulled out the ruined pieces of his heart and held them in her hand. Tony wept as she dug into him, slicing flesh away with blades like razors.
“You do that,” Tony said with a grin. “As long as I get to watch.”
Steve watched Loki get paler as Wanda closed her eyes. The illusion of his costume slid away to reveal him in a suit with a long green jacket and boots. No headpiece, no weapons, just a shivering man under Wanda’s spell.
Bucky got to his feet. “It’s not the kid’s fault.” He clenched his fists. “He’s not had any other choice.”
Tony crooked his finger at Bucky. “I’m feeling left out,” he pouted. He felt joy bubbling inside him like some sort of feelings volcano.
Steve turned onto his side and curled into Tony, dropping his arm on top of Bucky’s. Tony made a point of making a noise. Because they were heavy fucking arms, okay?
“Do your best, buddy,” Tony said.
“Not helpful, Tony,” Steve murmured, but Tony could totally see him fighting a smirk.
Steve didn’t blame Clint or Natasha for pulling a gun on him. Their experience with the Replicators had made them suspicious of any sort of miraculous healing.
“There haven’t been any incidents since Sokovia,” Ross noted, almost absently.
“Oh god,” Tony moaned. “This sounds like the start of a bad horror movie. I’m too young and beautiful to die.”
“Okay, I’m going to kiss you now,” Steve said.
Steve got up slowly, sucking in air and rubbing at his neck. “Just a misunderstanding,” he rasped, catching Bucky’s eyes. “I’m sorry, Buck.”
“No?” Steve’s frown was adorably confused. “I thought this was what we wanted. I thought this was what we’ve been working towards.”
Steve glared at them. “I hate you both,” he declared.
Tony blinked. “But he’s dead.” His arms tightened around Steve.
I can only apologise profusely for this late post. I was on holiday...yay! And then a friend of 15 years died on Xmas day so there was nothing emotionally for me to spare.
Steve kissed like he lived – soft, slow and careful.
Steve moved to stand next to him, reading what Clint had been jotting down. “That makes absolutely no sense,” he said.
“Awesome.” He sat up again. “So, what are we going to do today, Brain?”
“I’m dying, not deaf!” Tony clutched his head which had suddenly turned into an atomic bomb.
“Because it’s the only way to keep you all out of prison for the rest of your life.” Coulson’s words had the impact of a bomb.
“Hey!” Tony felt obligated to protest. “What’s with the Stark-bashing this morning?”
“As far as we know he is nowhere in this solar system,” Strange agreed. “What are you thinking, Captain?”
~~~O~~~~
Crowley isn't going to be a push-over. RockPaperScissors decides the crew. Hell is surprisingly....not hellish?
‘We can house them in the East Wing,” Vision suggested. “None of us have taken up residence there yet.”
There was the sound of voices, and a tiny wizened old lady scuttled out from behind a fringe of beads. “Yes? He’p you?” she asked. She squinted, quite possibly using x-ray vision to peer into his soul, Tony thought.
“I made a lot of mistakes,” Steve admitted. “Throughout this whole thing, I’ve make some big ones. But Tony, please believe me when I say that the thing I most regret, out of it all, was lying to you.” He met Tony’s gaze. “If I’d told you the truth about Bucky from the start, then so much of this could have been avoided.”
“I would never betray my friends.” Tony stared at him. “Why would you believe that?”
Dean sighed. “You and Sam should have a talk about that too,” he muttered. “He’s a fifty shades of grey kinda guy.”
Thor nodded. “Indeed, Captain. However, it is possible to for a container to hold the stones without being in contact with the wielder, but allowing that one to access their power.”
“Our comrades are feeling much happier with your return to their company, my friend,” Thor declared. “I too, find myself joyful at your recovery.”
“Here's something nobody knew,” Tony said, changing the subject with his usual cunning. “Captain Fantastic is playing for both teams.” He looked up at Bruce expectantly.
The plan?
“And neither are you!” Steve said. “Did you stop to think that maybe there was an agenda behind Ross’ eagerness to push the Accords through so quickly?”
~o0o~
“So basically what you’re saying is that Set is happy with the world of men being destroyed?” Tony asked.
Tony had a moment to appreciate how delectable Bucky looked and then his words sank in. “That’s it!” Suddenly his calculations made sense.
Tony pouted. Just a little. “Ever since you got back, you’re a lot less fun,” he complained.
“No!” Tony shook his head. “No! God. No smashing.” Hulk climbed off him with a remarkably human sigh of regret. Tony would
Bruce smiled. “I don’t think the world could handle it.”
“Nat.” Steve felt her withdrawal like a punch.
“Not to fucking murder you!” Tony shouted. He felt Steve’ big hand drop on his shoulder. “No!” He shook it off. “I refuse to accept that this is the only way!” He felt wild. “I’ll make that snooty witchdoctor give me his precious stone!”
Tony wanted to snarl and spit, but he was a goddamn hero, and wanted to get frisky with the men in his life now that his life wasn’t in imminent danger of being ended, so he didn’t. “He’s being a dick,” he pointed out.
He spent the last two days reacquainting himself with his life in this time. He was starting to understand what Uatu had meant. Things that he knew had happened two years ago were taking him by surprise, as though experiencing them for the first time.
Bucky’s smile was warm. “A lady like Miss Potts deserves a pair for every day of the year, at least.”
“He’s still pissed at you,” Bucky told him, holding out a hand. “He’ll get it out of his system soon enough.”
Bucky laughed. “Stevie, you know that Stark is basically me in the twenty-first century, only hot for your body, right?”
Tony gulped. “You don't have a cat.” He was fairly sure of that.
“What?” Tony’s voice strangled in his throat. “I, mean, now?” He’d thought it would take longer to vote on them. That he’d have to do more tap-dancing.
Tony’s eyes rolled so hard they saw the inside of the back of his skull.
“Wait, what?” Steve held up a hand. “How would he know we were coming? We’ve only just started planning to do this.”
“Well, he’s alone, so probably not well,” Jarvis said, entirely unironically.
“Why are Midgardians so concerned with their genitalia?” Loki mused. “It seems to come up far too often.”
“Why don't you stay for a while?” Bucky suggested. “We can get to know each other again, fill in the blank spaces in the lives that we've missed.”
“Tony, god, I’m so sorry,” Bruce said.
Tony stepped back, stepped away and turned to face the others. “Good to see you guys. It’s been a while. Don’t be strangers.”
Steve shook his head. “They will have to figure out their own path. One thing I’ve come to realize is that we are all responsible for our actions and choices. I won’t try to take on their burdens too. It might break me.” He tried to smile. “Clint, Sam, Natasha, they’re going to have to work it out with you and the rest of the team. I just need you.”
Bucky was up and moving a moment later. Steve watched him rush out of the jet with a sort of sick fascination. Natasha followed quickly with a sympathetic smile thrown Steve's way.
Tony shoved the blankets away abruptly, stumbling off the bed and away from the people looking at them. “Who the fuck are all of you?” he hissed. “And where the fuck is the rest of my team?”
Tony said.
“I hate you all,” Tony declared as he stomped back into the jet. “Every last one of you.” Steve followed him with a grin that he hid very quickly when Tony's eye narrowed suspiciously at him.
“I don’t know how you do it,” Clint told him. “I want to eviscerate Rumlow, make him suffer as much as I can.”
He squirmed a little. “I liked it, okay?” Just that little confession made it all feel more real.
Bruce scowled. “Still not keen on inviting him to visit,” he said, pressing a red button. The small machine emitted a high whine that had Steve and Bucky both clamping their hands over their ears.
“How do you get a reaper to pop on over?” Tony asked. He’d made sure that F.R.I.D.A.Y. recorded everything that the Winchesters said. It could come in handy in the future.
“It would be pointless to ask the Sorcerer Supreme to relinquish the Time Stone,” Vision said. “His oath to protect it against all will not allow him to do so.”
“Now.”
Tony nodded. “My charm, intelligence and rapier wit is a draw card.”
Rhodey handed Tony over to Bruce and Vision. “Take him. Keep him away from the rest of us until you’ve figured out what to do.”
Tony shook his head sharply. “You’ve had years to tell me, Cap.” He looked over at Barnes. “If you want some help getting rid of the crazy in your brain, I have something that could help,” he said.
Steve barely grabbed hold of Bucky in time as he lunged for Strange. “Bring him back, you fucking freak!” Bucky’s eyes were wild, fingers shaped into claws as he struggled against Steve’s hold.
“He kept checking up on me.” Bucky rubbed at his face. “Like he cared.” He shook his head. “I didn’t understand that. My life up till then was just a series of orders and reboots.”
“May I cut in?” Rhodey tapped Bucky on the shoulder and nodded at Tony.
Steve sighed. “We’ve made a mess of things, Vision,” he said.
Tony could see the hunter then, the stone-cold killer that struck fear in the heart of Hell. Coulson met Dean’s gaze with his usual aplomb.
The noise swept in like a tsunami all at once, overwhelming Tony as shouts and sobs and sirens blared as reporters filmed the event.
They followed him. They had no other option.
“Of course I meant it,” Steve said. “As long as it’s legal.” He knew Tony pretty well after all.
Tony realized that he’d been stalling. With an apologetic look over at his team, he took Strange’s hand. “Catch you all on the flipside,” he said as Strange murmured something beneath his breath.
Peggy touched his face. “You choose my beloved over Ascension?” she asked. “You must be sure.”
“Yeah,” Tony drawled. “A little
Almost.
Coulson just made a silent throat-slitting motion that was terrifying. Tony lifted a hand to his own neck. Clint subsided with a grumble.
Tony’s laugh was a horribly bitter thing. “Forgive me if I’m skeptical. I learned my lesson the hard way.”
“I’m not even going to ask.” Bucky started the shower, holding his new artificial arm beneath the water. He looked back at Tony. “I can actually feel the heat of the water,” he said, voice soft and marveling.
Tony barely contained his snort of laughter. Thor was laying it on a bit thick, even for him.
“No.” Natasha shook her head. “I just know where the Quinjet crashed and made some fairly logical leaps.” She met Steve's gaze. “You knew. Fury must have told you too.”
Steve took a deep breath. “So, we have a talking hawk?” He refused to acknowledge the smirk Tony gave him as his words rhymed.
“I’ve already apologized,” Steve said, thinking of the small, outdated phone that he’d shoved at the back of his cupboard. “He’s given me his answer.”
“You’re an idiot.” Pepper smacked the back of his head.
He washed his face in an attempt to wake up and then padded to the walk-in closet that was about the same size as his bedroom.
“So, fuck me then,” Tony offered. He suddenly understood. Of everything that had been taken away from him, lack of control was the worst of it. Bucky needed to be given control again.
pleased to see you.”
That was not going to happen. Tony wasn’t about to let his fuck-up take any more lives. “Rhodey, get the rest of the people on board that carrier.”
Steve shook his head. “Life sure isn’t going to be boring.” He smiled as he looked between them. Tony was blinded by happiness. That would never last. Because let’s be real, his life didn’t work that way. So he planned on relishing every moment while he could.
Pierce’s smile was a little rueful. “Because you were the best and the most ruthless person I ever met.” Tony admired the guy’s cajones. He really wasn’t afraid of Fury like the rest of humanity.
Bucky tipped his head to the side. “Why’d you run away?”
“She’s still talking to you?” Steve asked and suddenly everyone was interested again. Tony missed the disruption of the Tony/Steve bubble.
“You never said anything,” Bruce pointed out.
Tony’s grin was manic. “And you look lovely, m’dear,” he assured her as he sliced off one of his challenger’s legs.
sorry. RL has been kicking my ass and then it was the US Open and my perfect love Roger lost and I am devastated....not that y'all care.
Wanda's true colors show. An unexpected rescue. What else is Tony supposed to do?
Steve tried to pull him back in. “Well, you
Steve gave a helpless shiver.  Apart from Thor and Tony, in the suit, Bucky was the only person who could physically dominate him. He wondered what it said about him that the thought made his dick harder than steel.
“He needed some time.” Fury’s voice softened. “And so did Stark.”
“Tony.” Steve took a breath. “I’m talking about Bucky. He’s the danger here, not you. I know I made a whole boat-load of mistakes. I want to give you the chance to punch me in the teeth until I’m bleeding, until you feel like maybe there’s a chance you could forgive me. That’s not going to happen if Bucky regresses and attacks you.”
“I’m sorry, Pep.” His apology took the wind right out of her sails. “I should have told you where I was going or, at the very least,
“I’m starting a swear jar for you, Cap. I think I may get rich.” Tony saw Bucky’s shoulders shaking and he grinned. “So, I wonder what the punishment is for the person who defiled a national treasure,” he mused.
“Of what?” Sam looked confused. “That guy is gaga for you, buddy and I spotted that way back when before Ultron.”
“Right.” Sam tilted his head. “That world getting a little heavy there, Atlas?”
“Yes” It appeared as though both Thor and Loki were men of few words today. That was probably the most alarming thing of all, Steve thought. The Asgardians tended to be loquacious, and their short answers were signs of their stress levels.
“They’re playing with catch with Butterfingers and U. DUM-E is putting Nate to sleep.” She sat down beside Pepper.
“I don’t care what, or who, you are.” Natasha’s voice was lethal. “But if you don’t talk, I
It was as though a mountain was falling down on him. Tony just allowed FRIDAY to pilot the suit, her reactions faster and safer than his right now. It rained brick and mortar and hunks of land that hadn’t seen daylight in centuries. As he bobbed and weaved he realized that this was it. He was done this time. For good.
“When did you know about my parents?” Tony’s question was like a scream in the room. He could hear the rawness in his voice. “When did you decide to lie to me?”
Natasha stood too. “I’m coming with you.” She put a hand on Bruce’s arm. “Not letting this one out of my sight for the foreseeable future.” Her soft smile made Tony feel...it made Tony
“And just where does Steve fit into this entire scenario?” Ah, Bruce Banner, Mr. Cut-to-the-heart-of-it.
“What the fuck just happened?” he asked the universe.
Muttering under his breath, Clint rubbed at his leg. “You’re just as much a pain in my ass as you always were.”
“You know me,” Tony said, waving a hand blithely. “Never a dull moment.”
“Hmm.” Crowley tapped a finger on his chin. Then he seemed to decide to let it go. “Choose,” he said, sweeping a hand out to the tunnels.
“I was afraid,” Tony admitted, voice suddenly small. He was so very,
Tony wanted to help her. He really did. But he heard Steve behind him, “Don’t look,” and he blinked. And she was gone.
Vision tipped his head to the side. “I find many of your human interactions most peculiar,” he said.
“Ya think?” Bucky's question was a guttural snarl. Steve sort of wanted to do the same thing.
“Agamatto is a Vishanti,” Strange replied. “He supports me along with Oshtur and Hoggoth.”
He turned back to the note.
Crowley gave a little smile, a proud father to Tony’s perfect pupil. “Indeed.” He waved a hand at the door behind him. “This is the last circle. The one before the entrance to the heart of my humble kingdom. It is the worst. I want you to be prepared because you already seem so uncomfortable with my methods of dealing with the souls of the damned.”
Bucky met his gaze squarely. “You know how he feels about you, Tony. You going it alone was a slap in the face.”
“Barnes is exactly what Stark needs to remind him of why we created the Avengers Initiative.” Fury sounded certain. Steve wasn’t so sure. “By helping Barnes, he’s focusing on someone other than himself which is always the healthiest option when it comes to Tony Stark.” The dry tone almost made Steve laugh.
Tony snorted a laugh. “I guess we are.”
Tony was more than a little in love. Steve Rogers was nothing like the guy his dad had waxed lyrical about. His Aunt Peggy though, she’d been right on the money. Captain America was a bit of a dork, straight as an arrow, and kinda evil. He was perfect.
I'm trying to be impartial here (Team Iron Man) but let's be real - they
Tony had grown used to betrayal. His father, Obadiah, Stone, Hammer, god, the list was endless. But there was something about Steve that had broken Tony in a way that he hadn’t been able to fully recover from.
“Bruce, is this doable?” Steve decided to try to get
Steve covered Tony’s fingers with his own. “Yeah, I’m alive, Tony. Why did you think I was dead?”
A knock on his door had him sitting up. “Come in,” he called, keeping his voice as low as possible.
“Leave and nobody else has to get hurt,” Tony said with a surprised glance over at Steve.
Thor shrugged. “As I said, Heimdall will let me know when he has it.”
She narrowed her eyes. “You’ve no idea how long we’ve been together, Tony. You’ve not remembered our anniversary once.”
“But you had doubts.” Hawley wasn’t asking him.
Tony sent another imagined hard glare Strange's way. A-fucking-gain, this was information he'd needed before. Fuck's sake.
“You….” Tony sputtered.
“I’m here.” It was Steve’s voice in his ear. Not Bruce’s.
“This is going to be so much fun,” Clint muttered as he followed Bruce into the room. Laura wasn’t far behind.
Lucifer screamed then – a long cry of indescribable rage that made every hair on Tony’s body stand up. “I shall not forgive this!” he shrieked. “Your children and your children’s children and their children’s children will never be safe.”
~~~~~~
Clint pressed the call button. Steve motioned for them all to step away, give him some privacy, but Clint shook his head, holding a hand up to stay them. “Laura?”
Loki sighed. “At least not all of our realm is lost.” He rubbed at his eyes. “One seldom considers the consequences of one’s deeds when a course of action is taken.”
Coulson shook his head. “No. Snakes are harder.”
“Heil Hydra,” Clint whispered. “That’s what he told me when he called me so that I could listen to my family’s execution.”
“He knows,” Pepper said. “It’s a theme.” She sighed. “I’ve put a change of clothes in the bathroom. Happy is waiting for us.” Bruce had left just after the others, opting to stay at the hospital and confirm Tony’s test results before going home with Vision. It warmed him to think of Bruce putting himself out there for Tony’s sake.
“Jane is a brave woman,” Pepper noted.
“Pep could have taken me to the cleaners millions of times over,” Tony shrugged. “I trust her with my everything.”
Crowley’s gaze was narrowed on him. “You’re not the billionaire playboy you pretend to be.”
“Playroom?” Sam’s ears pricked up because he was an asshole. “You got something to share with us, Stark?” Hi waggled his eyebrows. “I bet you read “Fifty Shades” and decided you needed your own Red Room.”
The line went dead and Steve stared down at it for a moment. “I don’t understand.”
“And if it doesn’t?” T’Challa’s question was soft, his eyes on Tony.
“Didn’t know?” Sam prompted.
The South African representative tapped a finger on the desk in front of her. “Are you saying that this ‘B.A.R.F.’ technology has given you control of the monster?”
found
Attack.
Vision looked at Wanda. And then at Steve. “That I will not tell you.”
“No objection, your honor,” Tony breathed as Steve leaned down and kissed him. Every single cell in his body was on fire, he couldn't catch a breath as Steve's tongue swept into his mouth. All he could do was hang on for the ride.
Sorry about the delay y'all. Been a busy week & weekend. Life is kicking my butt. Heh. I said butt.
Steve met Sam’s concerned gaze. “Yeah,” he nodded. “I’m fine.”
Tony’s garden was as large and expansive as his personality. Steve and Bucky strolled in silence for a while, enjoying the last rays of sunlight.
Thor crouched down beside Tony. “Give him to me, friend Tony. I will take him somewhere safe.”
“Well?”  Pepper prompted.
Bucky watched Tony as he walked to the side of the bed. It was a little unnerving with Bucky’s eyes tracking him like prey. Okay, let’s be real, Tony thought, it was fucking hot the way Bucky looked at him.
“They should respect you more.” Bucky watched where the two airborne idiots were trying to outdo each other.
He perked up as he turned and shoved his butt at the warm water. Maybe with two boyfriends he’d be extra smart. It would be good idea to run some tests.
Pepper's eyes were narrowed on them. “Tony...” Her tone was dangerously low. Tony had learned to fear that tone.
too high maintenance.”
He pulled on his pants and headed to the elevator, grateful when it was empty. He really hadn’t wanted to see anyone on the way to his rooms he thought, pressing the button for his floor. A hot shower and clean clothes would do him the world of good.
Steve felt it. The moment that Tony’s broken heart took its first beat in decades, and he smiled through his tears as he kissed the man that he’d travelled through time for. “Now, Tony Stark really
The flash of hot anger surprised him. “Don’t talk about Tony like that,” he barked. “He’s the best of all of us.”
“Steve, man, say it ain’t so?” Sam begged, eyes wide with shock. “You wouldn’t do that to your friend.”
Tony sniggered. “Like a cutting your heart out with a spoon.”
“You’re a twelve year old in the body of an old man,” Steve told him.
Tony lifted his hand and put his palm between Steve’s shoulder-blades. He forgot that Steve hadn’t seen the worst that the world had to offer. He was, after all, an anachronism, a man out of time. “Sorry, babe,” he said. “Just trying to lift the mood.”
“Shit.” Bucky’s voice had Tony looking up at him. “That’s a pretty terrible way to become a dad.”
“Tony!” Steve’s voice was filled with panic and he held on to Tony’s shoulders, holding him down while Bruce raced to get something to help. “What’s going on?” he yelled at Bruce.
“I thought it was play time,” Bucky whined.
Bruce lifted his head, a grin on his face. “It really is,” he said.
“Nobody gets through.” Tony was on a mission. He was on
So I've been wrestling with this one for about 2 weeks. Most of it was written before Infinity War. I'm still not sure about it. But then this was always how I'd planned for it to go down so here goes.... I'm so very sorry :(
“Come on in, Lady Legolas,” Tony called.
“Time for what?” Tony glanced back to where Steve and Bucky were fighting.
we’re friends.” He looked into Jim’s eyes. “You ready to do that?”
