He swallows his goddamn pride and raps his knuckles against the bedroom door. “Cas? Come on. Can we talk?”
He doesn’t know how to do this. Not when the words are heavy in his mouth and awkward on his tongue – not when he doesn’t know what the words even are.
But Cas tenses underneath him, and his hand flinches away to a safe position, on top of Dean’s shirt and practically Mormon. Dean shakes his head, and kisses him lightly, just the gentlest of trappings. He whispers against Cas’s pillow mouth, “It’s okay, I’m not – I’m just nervous, okay? I’m not freaking out.”
“I know, objectively, that Jack makes a good God. At least, far better than the one before. But – to me, it’s like I’ve lost his childhood all over again. And not only that, but. Well. It’s as if my son has replaced my father. It’s a strange position to be in.”
Eventually, he thinks he’s as loose as he’s going to get, especially with the tension in his stomach making all his muscles clench, shoulders to ass to calves. He pulls his pants back up and pulls a face at the sensation, his wet asshole against cotton. It’s not – not all bad. And part of him lights up at the idea of being ready for Cas. He’s still nervous, but this way, if Cas just wanted to- to
He’s gorgeous. He’s the best thing Dean’s ever seen, a beautiful cock with hair at the base and a desperate, damp head pointing up towards him. Dean dares another glance up, and Cas looks at him like the feeling is mutual. Like Dean is worthy of reverence. Dean feels – he feels powerful. He leans forward and gently opens his mouth around the head, lets it bob inside his mouth and get used to the heat. Cas lets out a desperate, shuddering moan above him, and Dean grabs onto his spasming hand to place it in his hair. Cas lets out another sweet gasp at that too, and his fingers scritch against Dean’s scalp. Not hard, or demanding, just there and present.
There’s a beat, and then Cas laughs. A rare sound, but Dean finds himself watching it, cracking out his own grin.
Dean is fully aware that he has gone too far. Really, with every vicious word out of his mouth, he kind of wishes he could pluck it out of the air and stuff it back down where all his most rotten thoughts come from.
“Or neither of us,” offers Dean. Again, it’s meant to be a joke, but his brain is lightning-bolted out of any common sense. This conversation left the train station about a minute ago and Dean is being pulled through the air with one sweaty hand gripping onto the bars.
Eventually, he breaks and goes outside to get some air. He stumbles onto Sam’s back porch, his boots clumping against the wood. He leans against the wooden balustrade, looks out onto the backyard and the night sky.
Cas blinks, once, twice, and then narrows his eyes at Dean. “You’re going to pay for that,” he warns.
Cas tugs at Dean’s shirt to get his attention, right at the elbow, and Dean gives it. “Dean,” he says, urgently. “When was
Dean clears his throat when they’re a few moments out from the house, and says, “Cas, as, uh, part of being honest: I still have issues. Like, I’m pretty good on this front so far, and I’ve made progress, but- I just want to warn you before we start this up again.”
Dean is frowning, and trying not to. “Jesus." When he says it like that, it seems obvious. "You couldn’t have let me know a little earlier?”
Cas looks – impossibly erotic, his shirt half-unbuttoned and hanging like a dirty magazine from his broad shoulders. The bottoms of his cheeks are flushed pink, and his breath is heaving. His eyes are unfocused but sharpening with every second they spend with tense air between them. He asks, “Why are you doing this?”
“You ever been to the beach?” Dean asks as they leave Kansas, the windows open and the air rushing through the truck’s cabin.
Cas speeds up, now, balls sleeping filthily against Dean’s cheeks, and Dean lets out a desperate sound, and reaches above him to grip into the sheets. Cas reaches for him, changing the angle
Some of it, Dean asks Cas about. Part-teasing and part-awestruck. When they’re in the local supermarket, picking out jackfruit and spices and mincemeat, Dean asks, “Did you love me in Purgatory?”
He clambers in and reaches over Cas’s shoulder, pulling him close and trying to tempt him away from the game. (It does not work.)
She passes them a business card with the name, ‘Michaela’ and an Illinois cell number underneath it. Dean doesn’t waste anytime as they get back to the car, and he dials the number.
Dean watches the door. His gaze is stuck on it, actually, with his fists clenched by his side. He can feel the fight itching under his skin, ready to be unleashed. He waits for Cas to come storming back so they can fight, so Cas can hit him and Dean can push him to the floor.
Sam calls him, and Dean texts back to tell him not to come yet, promises to keep them updated. Sam reads the text and calls back again, and Dean ignores it, turns off his phone and shoves it into his pocket.
Dean holds his breath. But the sky is free from cursed lightning bolts, and the ground doesn’t bubble with tar, and his phone doesn’t even ring.
Meera huffs as they start walking. “Whatever. Just make sure you know how to use that thing,” with a half-hearted gesture to the bastardised pipe in his hand. “I don’t want to explain to Cassie how her ex ended up killed by a lizard.”
“Dean,” says Cas, coming up close behind him to speak by the left of his shoulder. “Claire is a grown woman who can make her own decisions about her own car.”
Dean fumbles over and grabs the remote, clicks it on. A moment of fuzz, and then the signal connects to a scene Dean instantly recognises from
His mind is blissfully blank, narrow-minded on the vision in front of him, when he grabs onto Cas’s hand and pulls him down the last step into a deep kiss. He immediately fists Cas’s shirt on each sight of his waist, hopes he leaves obvious creases, as he groans into Cas’s mouth and swallows down his responding moan. He presses against him, kisses open-mouthed and dirty, slow and deliberate. He moves to suck a path down Cas’s neck, works his way back up and holds Cas’s earlobe between his teeth. He lets his breath wash over his ear, and grins at the full-body shudder it elicits from the angel. “You look nice,” he says, low and teasing, and then pulls back, stroking Cas’s shirt back down. His grin widens at the flustered sight before him – Cas looks
Cas’s eyes go dark as he stares at Dean. “You, mostly.” Dean swipes his tongue across his lips again, and Cas’s eyes follow the gaze with careful attention.
Cas has the courtesy to look at least a little abashed. “It was the longing. The first time I heard it since Jack pulled me out.”
It becomes a home faster than Dean expects it to. He shouldn’t be surprised, really. Not when it’s not about the paint or the choice of dining chair or whatever second-hand books they fill the library with. It’s about –
Victor’s food arrives first, and so Dean hugs him goodbye, makes him promise to stay in touch this time, and then sits with the app for a little longer. He has the option to swipe through potential matches, now, and he finds himself staring at the screen. With Victor gone, he changes his preferences to closer to his own age, and open to men and women and anything else.
“Hey, that’s not what I said!” Dean brandishes his arms defensively. “He doesn’t have to earn anything. I’m just saying he’s doing well, and I trust him with it.”
“I need you here, Cas, man,” he says, as he throws the tie aside and begins to unbutton Cas’s shirt. Cas just lets him do it, watching Dean’s face enraptured. Maybe it’s the beer, and maybe it’s the late night, and maybe it’s just a fact of the past few hours, but everything’s bubbling to the surface. Black ooze edges at Dean’s vision until he threatens to drown in it. Instead, he focuses on the act of undressing. The coat and suit jacket puddles on the floor. The shirt is untucked with a rustle from his slacks. “I need you. That’s – you gotta know that.”
“I think that’s how Jack was able to save me. I think that’s why – I don’t know. I don’t know how long I’ve had one, or whether I always had the potential for one, or whether this is my particular crack on the chassis. But – I have a soul inside of me, as well as grace. I think the Empty always struggled to contain me. Demons and angels don’t have souls. That’s why the Empty can so easily put them to sleep. It worms into the space where a soul should be.”
He fills in an application for a local job, a mechanic’s just outside of Lebanon. Jenny comes back, out of fucking nowhere, but Eileen and Sam handle it without him. Miracle is – well, a miracle, in that he doesn’t mind Dean clutching him tight when the nights – and the mornings – are too rough to handle alone.
has, Jesus. “Well. Like Sammy said, it’s good to have you back.” He claps his hands together and does what he does best. He suggests, “I think this calls for a celebration. Beers on the house?”
Now, though, Dean’s looking at his brother and remembering the weight of him carried from a burning home. Dean’s looking at Jessica and Lucifer and Gadreel and a motel room in every state. Dean’s looking at his life’s duty about to ask for permission to abandon it.
“Hey, Cas. Hope you’ve got your angel ears on.” He clears his throat and tries to ignore the pounding adrenaline through his veins. “I’ve been doing some thinking while you’ve been gone. Maybe some thinking I should’ve done earlier – a lot earlier, truth be told. Maybe before you pulled me from Hell. But, whatever, that’s not – I’m getting side-tracked.”
man. I have had fantasies about bending you over the hood of the Impala and I have wanted you in my mouth in every single motel room we’ve visited. I wanted you in the Bunker, in Heaven, and here, in our home. But I do not want you coerced, or tense, or anxious.” His fists are curled by his side, and his shoulders are a tight, mean line. His eyes are angry and shining. “I want you to want me too. Don’t you
“It’s not that I don’t think she’s not capable.” Dean lets out a harsh exhale, and stomps into the driver’s seat. It’s the truth. He knows she’s capable. It was one of his favourite things about her – she’s wicked smart and sharp, she’s strong, she can aim a gun as well as anyone else, and she never backs down from danger.
“Okay, okay,” Dean says, eventually, croaking and needy. “You can put a second finger up there now.”
Cas makes a harried voice in the back of his throat, and scowls at her. “I said parties are always nice.
He wakes up on his back, with Cas curled on his chest, right above his heart and letting out these little kitten-snores, fast asleep.
It’s just – Dean still keeps freaking out. Kissing is great, and touching, and getting to see Cas naked is
appear on?” or “When should you replace your steering rack boot?” whilst Cas would ask, “Why do you think the first fish crawled from the ocean to walk?”
They both look up as he and Cas walk inside the morgue, their dress shoes squeaking on the white floor tiles, and Dean just – just
Dr. Sexy. Or, Gabriel (gross) dressed up as Dr Sexy. He was a bit flustered, sure. The show was a guilty pleasure of his. But that’s not…attraction. He flirts with women all the time, he knows the taste of that attraction, how it makes him cocky and charming and smirking. Even that year, he ended up with Lisa! Even if he
Nodding, Cas says thoughtfully, “That makes sense. If it’s from Heaven, it might have been designed to repel human understanding.”
Sam shrugs. “They didn’t really say, just that it looked ‘weird and twisted,’” which he accompanies with finger quotation marks. “Apparently it’s difficult to describe out loud.”
Cas takes a long, shuddering inhale, and then twists, so fast Dean barely has time to move his face out of the way before Cas is grabbing and pulling him into a deep kiss, pressing his lips against Dean’s so firmly that, if Dean were more of a romantic, he might say their souls themselves are winding around each other. However, he’s not, and all he can be is helpless against the onslaught. He grips into the flesh of Cas’s back and holds him tight. Cas eventually pulls away, leaving Dean open-mouthed and gobsmacked.
“She’s having too much fun with this,” Dean complains to Sam as he walks inside, and the guests all spread out of the hallway. He shrugs off his jacket, hands the six-pack of beer to his brother as he hangs it up.
Dean keeps meaning to go join them. His beer is almost finished, the dregs warm from the sun. He’s wearing swimming trunks and a Blue Oyster Cult t-shirt, and his toes wriggle into the sand until they’re covered.
Dean lets out a hard-done-by groan, and moves to offer coffee to their only other morning patron, a trucker wearing a Florida-flag cap. When he comes back, Eileen and Cas are signing in quick speed at each other, and then immediately stop when he returns. He squints at them. “What?” he says, flat.
Dean leans back against the counter. “So do you need to get back to the bunker to hit the books?” He tries to hide his disappointment – Kaia and Claire come first, obviously. They can redo dinner next week.
The episode starts as it usually does, with a recap of last week’s episode and everything relevant to this episode, with a flashback compilation at the beginning. Dean realises he must have missed more than one episode, because for every bit he remembers, there’s another flashback he doesn’t recognise.
,” he says, and in case that’s not enough, he says, “You’re so good to me, Cas. You are. Come on, sweetheart, I want you to come in me.”
Another whimper. He looks over in time to see Cas roll over, pushing the sheets away from him and face contorted in panic. Dean settles back down onto his side, heart aching, and gently reaches over. He cups Cas’s face as carefully as he can and reaches his thumb to stroke away the frustrated wrinkles between his brows. Cas lets out a pained exhale, low and rumbling.
“Ah,” says Dean, and instinct forces his other hand to fidget around it, hiding the ring – stupidly and too late – from view. “It’s, uh. Not like that.”
She shrugs. “Whatever. We all have our baggage, right? Although, I’ve got to say – at least I manage to date people with different names. Cas and Cassie? Really, dude?”
Dean pulls back, just enough to move his hand from Cas’s hair to his jaw. “You’re my best friend,” Dean says, and he’s close enough to feel the warmth of Cas’ breath against his chin, and his fingertips are combed through the dark curls behind Cas’s ears. “You- you’re.” He falters, because every noun that comes to mind somehow isn't enough.
Cas shakes his head. “No. Jack was very kind. Even with the Empty struggling against him, trying to discourage him, he remained resolute. He cradled me and plucked it from me like a splinter. And then he pulled me from the Empty. I was so grateful, Dean.”
“Like hell it wasn’t!” Dean is yelling, he realises distantly. “Never mind that I’m the one you apparently loved enough for the whole fucking world to matter to you. Never mind that I’m the one who made you the happiest you’ve ever been. Never mind that – don’t you even remember who you were talking to? Who had to watch you be snatched up?”
Not just the intensity, but everything else too. The desperation of their kiss, like they can just climb into each other and never leave. The way Dean’s hands tremble as they scatter across Cas, trying to find the best place to hold him, to grip onto him. The stubble-
. If I’d have found you in a river, I’d have…” he trails off. Because Dean wouldn’t have done anything, not really. He would have hugged Cas, maybe, or shouted at him. Dean took twelve years and a fight with God to actually do anything about his feelings for Cas, so pretending his mid-thirties’ self would have been any more savvy is pretty stupid, honestly. “Well. Whatever. I didn’t like her.”
It’s dingy, and the path stinks, and the four of them walk in pretty tense quiet. Eventually, they come to a fork in the pipes, and Cassie claps her hands together. “Right,” she says. “I think we should split up into two.”
But somehow, he doesn't march all the way out. Instead, his gaze catches on the space in the doorway, where less than a day ago, Cas returned.
He drives the long way back to the Roadhouse, and practices his speech to Baby’s wheel. “It’s no big deal,” he tells her. “I’ll be casual about it. Like, hey, buddy. I’m-”
For a moment, he allows himself this, in the privacy of the moment. He’s happy. He presses a kiss against Cas’ scalp, and watches the movie.
of a fictional character, which, that’s great, that’s hot, that makes Dean want to suck a dark mark underneath his stubbled jaw. The other lightning rod is stuck on the ‘clearly very attracted to the titular character,’ whirring and aggravated and picking up speed.
Meera, who has long dark hair, darker eyes, and a nose piercing, pulls an appraising face. “Oh,” she says. “
“Not the ones that matter, though,” says Dean. He thinks of Charlie and Bobby, Mom and Lisa and Ben. He gestures a loose hand in Cas’s direction and says, bitterly, “Prime example next to me of the Winchester Life Ruined effect.”
Dean raises his hands in surrender. “No, sorry. I’m just – you never mentioned it before.” He’s quiet, until, because he remains a glutton for punishment, he says, “Your childhood fucked you up, huh?”
“We talked about you,” Sam answers, and finally reaches down to pluck up a discarded whiskey bottle. He pinches the neck between two fingers. “He seemed worried you might not be looking after yourself. Can’t imagine why.”
“Dean Winchester,” he says. “I love you too. If we were not already married, I would march you, right now, to a priest myself.”
He thought – well, when he thought about it before – Dean thought it would remind him of his past hooking. Of the disgust he felt, on his knees for gross men who were mean and taunting about it. But it’s not like that at all. It’s like Cas is tied to him, like there’s a string from his knees to Cas’s hand in Dean’s hair to Cas himself. Dean’s hard, just as hard as Cas, and he pushes the heel of his palm against his jeans, and Cas sees it, and lets out a desperate groan. Dean pulls back to French kiss the head of Cas’s cock, and then moves back to suck as much of it as he can into his mouth. He bobs his head, and Cas’s cock slides in his mouth, up and down and sloppy. Cas twitches at each change, a full-body shudder, and Dean feels, possibly, the sexiest he’s ever felt before. He’s-
Fiona rolls her eyes and leans over to shuck Jack under the chin. “You boys are both real cute too. Let me know if either of you want some pie and ice cream afterwards, okay?”
He turns to face Cas, and half-sits-leans on the table he just righted. He crosses his feet at the ankle and folds his arms. “Cas,” he teases. When Cas continues to look at him with those big eyes, he tsks, and says, “Come on, this happens every now and then. Especially with our type of clientele. He’ll cool off and be embarrassed in the morning.”
Victor shrugs, not enough to shift his smirk, and says, “Visiting family this way. Just getting food for-”
“And leather is for the third year.” He jerks a finger at the fucking leather dog collar with an empty name tag hanging from it and prays Cas doesn’t get the wrong idea from
Dean leaves them to it. Something about Cas and Sam’s heads bent low over a piece of paper leaves him warm to his toes. He doesn’t think too hard about it - just goes back to ribbing Jo about whether her mom is having a Sex on the Beach with Bobby in Hawaii right now.
And, without any deliberation at all, Dean’s arms reach of their own accord to wrap underneath Cas’s arms and hug him from behind. He can feel his own heartbeat faster, and the only way to soothe it is to rely on the feel of Cas’s solid ribs under his hands. Cas lets go of the sink to place his own hands on Dean’s, and Dean presses his front all along Cas’s back. He tucks his chin onto Cas’s shoulder, and swallows. In the silence that follows, Dean eventually prompts, “Your nightmare was about the Empty. You remember it, then?”
He looks down at his dick, which is pointing hopefully up still. He pulls the fabric of his boxers away, wincing at the stickiness, and staggers to the shower. He turns the temperature down cold, and lets out a sigh of relief when, finally, his strings cut. He sags, leans his forearm against the wall tile, and hides his face in the crook of his elbow.
me,” Dean says, and he digs his hands into Cas’s ribs to make him squirm. “Like you’re even paying any attention to me when there’s the good captain’s boob window on screen!”
Meera rolls her eyes and walks closer to inspect the body. “Yeah, yeah. You got lucky – we found the nest. It was probably just drawn to your flat feet.”
Cas hides a smile against Dean’s chest. He then looks up from underneath his eyelashes, and says, “I, um, have two inside of you already, actually.”
He’s awake now, and the clock on Cas’ wall reads quarter to ten. He watches it tick, and wonders what the post-fuck procedure is. If this were a one-night-stand, he’d be leaving. If it were a girlfriend, he’d probably have a book close-by to read, or his phone to fuck about on until either she wakes up or he falls asleep.
, okay? I am. I used you and I shouldn’t have. I shouldn’t have said what I said afterward either. I didn't mean it.”
Sam huffs. “Sometimes I forget how much our childhood fucked us up,” he says, deliberately lightly. “Then you act like this and it all comes rushing back.”
“No, no, come on, I don’t mean the physics of it or whatever. You know that would go over my head anyway.” Cas makes a sound of disagreement, which Dean rolls his eyes at. (Privately, he likes being privy to understand the language of Cas-grumbles.) “I’ve never asked you what you and Jack are up to when you visit up top. Describe it to me. Tell me your favourite part.”
“Come on, what if I got you a jacket? With fringe? What about a bolo tie?” Cas narrows his eyes, and Dean grabs him, pulls him down as his best defence. He wraps his arms around Cas’s middle, hugging tightly until Cas relents and the cushion gets forgotten on the floor between the couch and the coffee table.
Dean begins to slide down. He kisses the skin along his descent, worrying a nipple between gentle teeth and satisfaction sparking through him at the deep groan it elicits from Cas. He sucks a mark into Cas’s abdomen, and then another where his hair begins to darken into a path, and another where his jeans start. He nips an erratic pattern into his bare skin. Cas’s hands are fluttering around him like they don’t know where to touch, and his chest is heaving, and he’s looking down at Dean with wide eyes.
Dean’s mouth is hanging open a little bit. “That is literally not possible, Cas. I only realised it about an hour and a half ago.”
She smiles, fond and pleased. “Am I the first person you told?” At his nod, she adds, “I’m very honoured. A little surprised, but.”
Dean defends, “Hey, they don’t pay us much more than you guys, you know. A car’s a car, and that one out there is a hell of a lot better than the Prius they tried to foist on us.”
Dean spins and pushes Cas against the now-closed door with a searing kiss. He threads a hand through Cas’s hair to tug his head exactly where he wants it, pushing their hips together with an upturned, filthy slide. Gratification spins through him at the groan it pulls from Cas, the desperation of his responding lips. He uses his other hand to scramble underneath Cas’s suit jacket, tugging at the tightly-fitted and cheap shirt underneath.
And Cas’s hand in his hair stops him. “Dean?” He asks, panting but clearly trying to regain control. “Dean, what just happened?”
“Thank you,” he says. He didn’t realise he wanted to hear that until her words settle under his skin and rest there, warming him from the inside. “I mean – it all makes sense. Indiana Jones! Fred from
Yeah, Dean gets it. Remembers falling for Cassie, reluctantly and helplessly, with every argument and sexually-charged fight. A different kind of love compared to Lisa, who was warm and steady, a far-off fantasy never quite realised. Different to Cas, too, which is just – encapsulating. World-defining. Violent and tender depending on the flip of a coin. Brutal and the worst pain one person can inflict on another, but the only grumpy asshole he wants to ever come home to again. Sharing t-shirts and trauma. Washing dishes together and listening to the crickets outside.
.” He stands and shakes it out gracelessly. Splatters of coffee spin free, but the damage is done, and the screen is frozen on a real estate listing of a farmhouse in Kansas with three acres of land.
Dean feels something dark and rotten and mean sink in his stomach, twisting the lining and tensing his muscles. He forces his hands to uncurl and rests them flat on his palm. The small guy keeps talking and, whatever, Dean doesn’t need the backstory. He clicks ahead a few minutes – or, five minutes of a fifteen-minute video, that should be enough?
Dean deflates, all at once. “Fine.” he says, before he holds a finger up at Eileen to stop her celebrating too soon. “We can have a little get-together. But it’s not - it’s not going to be a
Anyway. He makes it through the first month, and as per Patricia’s original promise, the whole team go out for drinks. They travel to the next town over, on the outskirts where it meets the highway. It’s a bar and grill onto the highway where there’s as many trucks as cars on the square of tarmac out back, in between two other buildings.
He startles, sits up, and looks around for the source. Only their night-blanketed bedroom looks back at him, with slivers of moonlight peeking around the curtains. He checks the bedside table for what his internal clock already tells him – it’s still the very early hours of the morning.
Cas hums and lets him doze. Before Dean nods off fully, though, Cas mumbles into his hair, like it's a secret, “I love you. You make me very happy.”
There are paper garlands hanging from the ceiling, with cut out hearts and wedding bells. There are gold and white balloons tied up and drifting, and there’s an honest-to-god, three-tiered, white wedding cake on the dining room table.
He gets to have amazing, toe-curling, sweat-sticking sex with Cas. He gets to enjoy it, and not feel a single second of guilt or panic about it. He gets to kiss Cas afterwards, and laugh about the awkward parts, and learn every single thing that turns them both on.
“Don’t even go there,” he says. His last interaction with such a crowd - when he was desperately trying to ensure Claire got her GED - didn’t go well. (He maintains that Shirley was fucking asking for an ass-kicking.)
Cas takes a moment to think. (He hasn’t moved, by the way, from his towel nest.) (The effect is kind of adorable.) “I’m not entirely sure,” he admits, slowly. “I haven’t been in this form before. My true form is-”
He keeps debating how to bring it up. Several times, he curses at them in his bedside drawer and decides he’s going to ship them back to that stall owner - but he never does. He just - fuck, he doesn’t want to have a conversation about this. Cowardly, as ever, but he doesn’t think he’d survive it.
He takes a moment, lets his heartrate accommodate. He breathes in, deep to the bottom of his lungs, and back out. His fingers wrap around the wheel.
“She already texted you. Oh, that’s great.” Dean loses the sarcastic edge and snaps into the phone, “Tell me, how many of my ex-girlfriends do you have in a group chat?”
Dean plays dumb, because it’s all he’s good for. He says, “Cas, it’s a little late for the birds and the bees talk. What do you mean,
He’s poison. It’s him, now, all by himself, fucking this up. Even in life, even when the fight is over, it’s still just him, infecting and ruining everything around him. He could be so happy with Cas. He wants to be happy, and if Cas, the dumbass, has chosen Dean to be instrumental to
Dean thinks the idea of sitting across from them, with a stony Cas beside him, in an unfamiliar Illinois bar booth, might be a waking nightmare right now. So he waits until the four of them surface in fresh air to say: “Actually, I think Cas and I might just hit the road.”
Dean scoffs, mean and bitter. It comes out of him like poison. “Did you read that on the internet? In one of your self-help books? We don’t need time apart, Cas! We need to just – stay here. Okay? Whatever you’re mad about, I can fix.”
Eventually, past the afternoon and into the evening, shared stories and jokes and memories, Eileen comes crashing in and dives at Cas, pulling him into a tight hug. It takes him a moment of surprise before he returns it.
“No, no,” Cas shuffles close, close enough to cup his palm against Dean’s jaw. “We will be honest with each other, and that means being kind to each other. I meant what I said. There is nothing to be ashamed of, Dean. Nothing to be scared of. I just want to know what you
Shit. Dean squeezes Cas’ foot, and says, “No, shit. I’m messing things up. You just surprised me, is all.” He tries to remember what Charlie said. “Uh, I accept you. You are valid. And, shit.”
But that’s not the whole picture, just a sharp snapshot fuelled by old issues. Now, Dean can relax back into the sand, swig from his beer, and say, “Yeah, me too.”
“Fuck,” he hisses against Cas’s mouth. He has to – fuck, he has to look. He sits back and the sight is
A panicked edge tightens Cas’s eyes. “Right. Or, perhaps, we could go out for a meal. You’re right, maybe we have been watching too much television.”
They move out officially a few weeks later, and spend the time in between making the house at least somewhat liveable. Dean gets a pick-up trunk, ostensibly because Baby’s upholstery has been through enough in her tenure. She deserves better than the paint and plaster buckets, the planks and bricks and tools, that need to be traipsed between house and bunker and store. Dean gets a membership card to the local Home Depot and ends up learning the names of the staff members he likes, the ones who’ll advise him without assuming a) he’s a complete idiot or b) he looks like enough of a guy’s guy to already know this stuff.
Something twists in Dean’s gut at that in particular. “Did you tell her you made it for your husband?” he asks before he can take it back.
Then he goes to his bedroom, leaving the second mug behind, and Dean is left to hate himself by the light of their flea market lamp.
Dean lets out a brittle, knocked-out-teeth laugh, and his hand comes around to grip the back of Cas’s head and pull him into a hard kiss. He leans back and says, “Great idea, Cas,” and means three entirely different words. From the glitter of Cas’s eyes, he thinks he understands it.
They wear their original rings throughout – but for the ceremony, they exchange ones of iron, too, for their sixth wedding anniversary.
And then Cas thrusts forward, an undeliberate thing, like he’s just lost in the heat between them, and the firm pressure of his dick brushes against Dean’s, and that small movement is the filthiest and hottest thing Dean could ever think of, even separate by the white linen of Cas’s boxers, and Dean’s coming, and he’s groaning, and his head slams back into the wall.
Dean’s frown deepens. “Time apart?” There’s something like rejection bubbling away in his chest. Like Cas has finally figured it out. What if he was reading Dean’s mind and heard him panicking about being gay? What if he’s reading Dean’s mind right now?
Cas pinches the skin on Dean’s waist, and continues, “I was thinking about your Dr Sexy show, and Jack.”
Dean keeps stroking. He has to. He has to – this is erotic. It is. It has to be. He’s gay, and this is gay, and this turns him on. He just needs to focus on the parts he definitely does like. Sex is sex. The powerful thrusts, building up to a rhythm, and the bigger guy’s huge thighs flexing, and his ass, and the slick sound of fucking – that’s all good.
Finally, Cas doesn’t win, but does run out of lives, and apparently has to wait for twenty-four minutes for a refill. Dean pointedly does not say anything when Cas’s thumb hovers over the option to buy five more lives for five dollars, but Cas manages to resist regardless. He switches the phone off and stretches to toss it onto the bedside table.
“We were just talking about the case, Cas. Something doesn’t feel right, I mean… My vision, for starters. I haven’t had one of those in over a decade, and suddenly they’re back? Right when a massive ritual is probably taking place? For the
. Sam caught a glimpse of them in the rearview mirror, and in hindsight, that’s probably the reason why he decided to start ranting in the first place. To this day, he still doesn’t exactly know what that look in his brother’s eyes meant, but back then, whenever he noticed it, he’d just start talking and wouldn’t stop until the usual witty twinkle shining behind his pupils righteously replaced this strange fright that shrouded his gaze.
The songs playing from his phone aren’t enough to take his mind off things, on the way back. He has to consciously avoid thinking about anything, to focus all his concentration on the road in front him. His hands feel a little tighter on the wheel, he’s twitching, phantom itches flare up on his skin — he’s feeling ill-at-ease in his own body, and he’s not sure whether that’s just the low blood-sugar, or if it’s the case, or if it’s Dean, or… Yeah, no, it’s probably all of these combined.
All of a sudden, cutting his breath short, a fire blooms on his back, and he lets out a scream, falling to his knees with a loud ‘thump’. His vision trembles and the stage under him grows near, it twirls all around him as if he was kneeling inside some kind of creepy kaleidoscope. They were right. This did jog his memory a bit. He
, and they’re already going to give him so much crap about this on the drive to Idaho, he doesn’t need to add onto it. He’ll just text her once they’re in the car and ask her then.
The guilt of doing nothing is still there though, which is why he’s currently mindlessly combing through the Internet for a new case, while eating the leftovers he brought to his room last night.
, so much so he can feel his heart start to thump violently between his ribs, and his thoughts are racing.
’ bumper stickers, as well as several misquoted or mistranslated Bible verses, painted on the rear windshield with
. Still, Julie was worth this sacrifice and more, so he fiddled with the mouse and the keyboard for over half an hour, until he
Sam shakes his head, though he doesn’t reply, apparently vanquished. Seeing as this is Dean, who will defend his denial tooth and nail, no matter how ridiculous he sounds while doing so, letting the debate fall flat is probably a wise move. For now.
And with this sight, the pieces of the nameless figure’s puzzle suddenly all click into place: the low voice, the caring nature, the shivers, the blue eyes, the beige outlines, the dark hair…
’. But that would probably have been a dreadful idea, and all that would’ve done is either ruined the element of surprise when it comes to the hug and and/or overwhelmed him, which is not something he ever intends to do again. He’s not making that same mistake twice.
He’s already used all the escape routes he could think of, he’s out of options here. It’s irrational, he knows, but he feels fucking
. Black dots and blood mix together, shrouding his eyes, and he can taste bitter iron on his tongue, yet with each new blow, with each new burn, his touch with reality fades away.
He fell back asleep though, not long after shot-gunning his cup of coffee, and Cas has not yet left his post (duties include: sitting next to the bed, obsessively observing every single breath Dean takes in and lets out, not blinking), not even for one second.
Cheeseburger’. Cas said I should bring you some pie, but I thought you might be hungrier than that.”
Cas looks nice in that hoodie, he looks approachable, human. He should wear it more often; the black fabric makes his blue eyes pop. When their color clashes with the world around him, like today, when they catch the right ray of sunshine, they almost seem to echo of their old regal icy glow. He wants to say something, but there’s a rock in his throat — these new human eyes are wrong, he can’t speak these words to these eyes. Feeling snow petals fall on the back of his neck, or flames lick his cheeks had become a familiar, habitual, somehow
Warnings: Mentions of deep wounds/sewing someone up; somewhat obsessive hunger; mild references to anxiety again.
when they’re open and free. Sure, they may make every lightbulb in their vicinity explode, but what’s a few stolen dollars’ worth of electric light compared to feeling like he can finally breathe properly?
His brother is cursing under his breath, damning the entire planet, clocks, time zones, roads, cars (not his Baby, though), the little town they’re in, and a thousand other things Sam can’t make out between the flavorful obscenities that Dean is making up on the spot. About one profanity per object or person mentioned, which is a lot seeing as it’s already been about a minute and Dean is very obviously nowhere
’, painted directly on the dark wood in what must’ve been white a lifetime ago) and both Sam and Dean are staring at
, folding in half over themselves. He’d ask them to stop if he could, he’d tell them it’s not his fault, he’d shout, he’d scream, ‘
“So, if this is a first, how about we immortalize it, capture the moment, hm?” Dean gestures to his phone as Cas tilts his head again. “I mean, we’re making history here.” He smirks.
He breathes in, closes his eyes, and raises his hand to the strange cardboard wall, shifting his entire focus to whatever lies beyond it.
If he’s perfectly honest, he’s actually having a bit of a hard time focusing on reality; whenever he shuts his eyes, even if it’s just by
“I think… I think I just had a vision?” He starts, because how on earth is he supposed to explain all this when even he has no idea what is going on?
They reach the latest photo, sent about 45 minutes ago, which Cas takes as his cue to break the moment.
Mechanically checking up on Dean, he squints to focus on the slow and reassuring rise and fall of the hunter’s shoulders. His slumber doesn’t appear to be disturbed by nightmares for once. Comforted by the thought that Dean’s world must currently be filled with soft dreams and nothing else, he thinks back to the countless hours over the past decade he’s spent watching his charge sleep, guarding the tormented man during those few hours of rest he was sometimes granted.
“Yeah, it’s about 15 minutes away from town. We should check if they’ve got a free room or something.” He says, because phones are a lot like magic and it only takes a couple taps to get whatever information you need, provided you know the
At first, there’s only silence. As uneasy as the dark and quiet make him, he shakes off the dread trying to set in; he’s got shit to do, ain’t got enough space on the list for panicking. After 10 long breaths — yes, he counted — he hears (or
No, no he could not, but apparently talking was too distracting for the nervous wreck of an angel sitting across the room, so he decided to dive into research instead (how uncharacteristic of him, he knows), to try and at least decipher what the hell the writings on his brother’s back meant.
Instead of responding, Dean shakes his head and fiddles with the key in his hand, before turning to open the door and stepping in to set up his bags (and probably pick out the most comfortable bed before his brother can argue). Sam is the one to clarify what the two had been chatting about.
when wielding an old sewing needle and dental floss. Plus, in these crucial hours of need the brothers are accustomed to, he’s able to quiet down whatever level of distress he’s feeling. Cas, on the other hand, is very much
“I’m fine, why do you ask?” He picks instead. Perhaps a bit on the defensive side, but that’s kind of his thing. That should work.
“James and Portia, yep. Portia’s a familiar, by this era’s understanding of the word, at least. But see, in the story, Orthon is
Without a care for reverence (he’s in a bit of a hurry and Jack can’t exactly be left alone in this kitchen. Too many electrical appliances that have too wide a variety of perilous functions), he materializes into Eileen’s room in an instant.
“What? Never mind.” Dean answers, probably shaking his head. “Thanks” he adds, after taking the key from the teenager’s hand.
“Shouldn’t you at least get some breakfast first? Before talking to the officer.” He asks, because that’s a great way to get Dean all to himself (that sounds a bit odd, he’s got no idea why, though) in a diner somewhere, leaving Sam to his research in the motel room, and therefore a great way to interrogate the hunter in detail about what seems to be troubling him.
“You’ve got yourself a deal, then.” He not-so-reluctantly agrees. They shake on it, and then he’s off and away, practically sprinting to his room. He can still feel Cas’ stare on his neck, and it’s burning again. Good (?) to know.
I also think he's constantly traveling places. The idea of him sitting around in the bunker doing nothing, staring at the hallway's doors for hours on end is certainly quite amusing (you know, like Misha described it on that one panel) and I do think he did that for a while, but got tired of it and started exploring places at night, or whenever he wasn't busy with Winchester business. Without his wings, he didn't go very far, but since he has them again now, I think he's begun going to a bunch of insane places again, like he used to do before. I don't know. I like that idea so I wrote it in. Anywho.
” Said the father, who followed after his wife. So Cas waited. About thirty seconds passed until an exhausted teenager with very reddened eyes (had she been crying? Was this Julie?) showed up at the door, followed closely by her parents, who now both wore giddy smiles.
It’s like the beating is happening in the background, like he’s on a wide stage in front of an audience, under a bright spotlight, for everyone to see and mock and point their fingers at. He feels cold and hot and numb and alone and the stage under his feet (or his knees, he’s not sure) is slippery, and he keeps falling. Over and over and
“I DON’T KNOW. There, I said it. You happy? I don’t fucking know what I’m doing here, why I can’t leave, why this place looks the way it does, why you can hear my thoughts and watch my memories, I have no fucking idea who you are, or why I’m so calm about talking to you, I have no clue what’s going on and I’m suspiciously
Okay. I'm a week late. I was moving apartments and trying to get my life under control in this new town, which, incidentally, is remarkably difficult, especially when you also have to worry about name changes in your college's student system, and trying to calm the other people in your classes down because the schedules are a mess and the administration's emails are the most confusing piles of disorganized words ever created. Anyways.
” He thinks. Then he re-thinks it. And re-re-thinks it, until he knows it by heart. The total should amount to roughly twenty bucks, if the prices he found on the Web are still accurate.
“Good. That’s good.” The figure… Smiles? Yeah, smiles. Nice. “I won’t ask you to sit up just yet,” Okay, great, because that was
’ of the pill bottle’s cap coming off fills the crushing silence of his room. His vision blurs around the edges, his entire body shifts, focused on the little treasures in his hands. He holds back a wave of… Whatever. He doesn’t want to know what the emotion was going to be. He doesn’t want to know what
this stage, but for some fucking reason, they’re the hardest letters he’s ever had to think of. He’s too cold to think, anyway. It’s positively freezing now, like he’s standing
“Alright. If you say so.” The angel says, unintentionally saving Dean by cutting the conversation short. Then, noticing the hunter’s plate is starting to get pretty empty, he slides his own towards him.
“You want me to take the wheel?” Sam wonders. He’s well rested, got at least 4-5 hours of shuteye, headache’s gone and there’s no sign of another vision visiting him any time soon. Dean, on the other hand, has been awake for God knows how long, driving for about 11 hours, and spent 3 out of
“Right? But the story doesn’t end there. The lord in question made a deal with the demon too: Orthon was supposed to bring him news from all over the globe every day, it doesn’t exactly say what the lord — his name was Raymond — gave in return, but I’ll tell you my best guess in a second. Anyways, the whole time Orthon had been reporting back to him, he’d never ‘revealed his face’ to Raymond, until one day Raymond ordered the demon to do so —
“Sam.” He mutters, as much to remind himself of the guy’s name as to signal to his little brother he should bring him a cup of caffeine.
Alright, time to taunt the donkey with a big fat carrot, which is actually a really funny thought and Sam can’t stop himself from chuckling lightly. He’s imagining Dean driving the Impala around with hungry eyes, chasing after a huge burger on a string, Cas on the other end of it, pulling the burger (and consequently Dean) towards his bed. On Valentine’s Day. Because, yeah, Dean might not be in touch with his own feelings (as in, doesn’t understand what feelings even
’ (another angelic perk, regardless of the of the oxygen’s scarcity, he can stand and laugh and run even at thousands of meters’ altitude. It’s great, because no one else
’ and began carefully getting Dean out of his t-shirt and flannel, and Sam took that as his cue to go grab bandages, a needle and some thread.
“Oh, about that, Dean and I think we should probably go shopping for new clothes with you, sooner rather than later. We can’t have
Eventually, we had put most of her magic back together, and were able to locate her. I’ll spare you the gory details, but a battle ensued, and it lasted for two whole years. Not because of our incompetence, mind you, but simply because we could not
“Wow. Thanks for the pep talk, Cas.” The tall hunter responds, yet his face doesn’t seem to convey ‘
, and the sheer level of guilt the angel feels for that alone is insane. His feelings haven’t changed, but knowing that having voiced them has done nothing but distress him further makes him want to a): bend the laws of time and space, go back to that day when Billie attacked and make himself shut the hell up before he could say anything, and b): activate the BEP on
’ he’d answered, tilting his head. Dean’s eyes had searched his face for an answer to a question only he knew, then he’d tried a tentative smile and directed his focus back to the road. ‘
“So, you’re thinking this Raymond guy didn’t read the terms of his deal very well, sold his soul, got two years for it,
“Right. Well, in any case — and as much as I hate to say this — I think we need to hold off the research on the probable witch-situation we have here for now, and concentrate on whoever the fuck the demon who attacked you is.”
Dean has to consciously tense up in an effort to stop himself from smiling a soft grin at such a mechanical gesture. Why the
He breathes in deeply, steadying himself for the inevitable sting he’ll feel when he does what he’s told, and tentatively opens his eyes. Only halfway, though. Letting his vision clear up, waving away the webs blurring the edges of his mind, he notices a figure next to his cocoon.
is the sound he was greeted by when he materialized in the room. Disoriented, he looked around for the threat that must’ve triggered the pain-filled noise, but found none. His eyes stopped on the bed, and it took him another second to recognize Dean, tangled in the sheets and blanket, his back arched up, moving in visibly painful jolts. And screaming.
And just like that, the photoshoot is over. They get into the car and drive back to the motel, and Dean’s got this weird fluttery feeling in his stomach, like there's a thousand butterflies in there doing their best to make Dean's life more difficult and avoiding his feelings (thoughts? Dreams? Hopes? Honestly he's not sure what the winged assholes are trying to say and he firmly intends to ignore them) a lot harder. No reason at all.
“Yeah. I know, right?” Dean lets out a small chuckle. “But don’t go flying off to the bunker without me to go see it in person, alright? I wanna try framing it first.” He warns, because Cas is very much capable of doing just that.
Well, this is severely inconvenient, because there’s no way in hell Dean’s talking about how he’s been doing for the past few weeks. No. Fucking. Way. Cas has already got too much to worry about, and this is just a rough patch he’ll get through, like all the others, right?
“Uh. Dean? You need some time alone with that thing?” He asks, with a horrified look on his face. He glances to the backseat at Cas for support, but all he sees is the angel staring at his own feet, eyes very wide, hands clasped on his lap. What? It’s not like he’s never seen Dean eat pie before, right?
’ No, definitely not, the shards of his mug, drenched in black coffee, are all over the floor. Read the room,
) humans (mere insects in his perspective, surely) and now sits quietly in the back of a car, often enough to know the songs that usually play there
God. They have to be the most annoying beings on the entire planet. In the entire realm. In all the realms. Whatever.
Cas is sitting in a chair on the right side of his bed, and yet, Dean’s pretty sure he saw some movement in the corner of his eye a second ago.
, and you get to command armies and shit, but everyone knows you as That One Bald Dude. Has to sting.” Dean snickers, which earns him a tired look from Cas. “And I appreciate the History lesson, truly, I do, but what exactly does that have to do with-”
“Hey! Uno? Have you ever played it?” He asks with a warm smile. Cas probably hasn’t, but it never hurts to ask; he’s mentioned a few times playing several obscure board games that even Sam had never heard of. Maybe Uno was part of his human education.
Suddenly, the blanket on Sam’s bed stirs, an arm sticks out from under the covers to rub his hair out of the way, then a second one appears, and Cas watches as he pushes himself off the thin mattress, his back turned away from him. The unsteady, barely awake man’s silhouette wobbles from side to side for a few seconds, until he finally opts for catching himself on his bedside table and shaking off the sleep from his shoulders.
He’s got a universe-tour planned for the both of them. When he’s old enough, when they’re settled enough, he’s gonna take him to the desert, to some frozen lands, to a different galaxy, to the bottom of the ocean, to the highest mountain on earth, to the smallest stream in the land, to the largest tree in the southern hemisphere, to a field of clovers in search of a lucky four-leafed one… And that’s just naming a few of them. He’s got a lot more in store, a thousand billion million little corners of the world he’s contemplated before, where he’s stayed at for a split second or a week. They all deserve to be seen.
“Wait hey, uh, no. I usually- I uh, leave it open a little.” He blurts out, as quietly as the fear lets him. He needs that door to be open, because he needs to know he’ll hear it if anything happens in that room. He has no clue
’ which Sam shrugs off with an apologetic smile. “The book I found Orthon in; remember how it said he was traveling all over the world, bringing Raymond fresh news, every day? That
“Hey Dean, there’s a diner a few miles away, next to a gas station, you hungry?” Sam asks, innocently, but he already knows what the answer will be.
“Good.” Cas agrees. “Bring Dean some pie.” He adds, with the same tone he probably used when he fought in the Heavenly battlefields of yore. A
Sam, sitting in front of his laptop, is painfully aware of how intensely Cas is staring at a sleeping Dean, on the other side of the room. Oh, and of course, he’s also
Still smiling as well, but also still silent (having an unspoken language is really useful in times like these), Cas grabs the picture from his front pocket, squirming a little — because apparently Dean is holding on really tight and has no intention of letting go — and turns it around. He takes what feels like an eternity to read the message, and then re-read and re-re-read it. Dean’s starting to wonder if he might’ve actually damaged his angel (oh it’s
Then everything basically went to shit. No matter how hard Cas concentrated on Dean, how firmly he pressed his fingers on his forehead, Sam’s brother decidedly remained comatose, and his wounds swollen and bleeding. Astonishingly, Cas did not take that with the cool some would expect from one of Heaven’s soldiers. Sam, though, completely expected the angel to panic.
If he’s perfectly honest, he’s mostly chosen to stay silent about it because he enjoys quietly observing the world when it’s not looking. There’s a certain harmony to it all, in the soft, nightly hours when each and every pair of eyes is closed. He doesn’t see all the details, when it’s dark; the edges are a bit blurred, like droplets of water have been poured over an ink drawing, smudging the harsh contrasts of the different beings and objects surrounding him. It all connects, like if a million small hands were joining each other, and suddenly, making everything look a bit how he sees the world, even in the daytime. Like one Whole.
Cas didn’t move for over an hour, didn’t even blink. Every five minutes, he’d broadcast a new wave of ‘
.). It’s like there’s a bunch of words hovering around them all the time, waiting to be used, waiting to be uttered or blurted out, but neither he nor Cas ever actually use them. It’s a pity but hey, what can you do. Using them would mean facing... whatever the hell the words actually point to, and Dean’s not exactly great at doing that.
peaked the Host’s interest. The witch had allied herself to Lothaire’s cause, and had begun raising dead soldiers from their graves, in hopes of amassing an undefeatable army for the self-proclaimed Emperor. What alarmed us about this, apart from the witch’s sheer power, was the fact that she was not raising ‘zombies’. She was stealing their souls from well-deserved peace, or torment.”
It’s almost like tying knots around specific trees in a forest, with the same rope every time. Except he’s just mentally walking around, while not actually being conscious, that is, being
Sam is holding Eileen by the waist, bending over slightly, and… Oh god they’re making out. Well. Kudos to his brother, of course, Eileen
They may or may not have gotten a little carried away that evening, and the toast may or may not have turned into a bit more than
“Okay. So, first of all, back in the day, they sort of didn’t really classify specters, ghosts, demons and shit very well, or at least not exactly the way
, after all, extremely tired. “Oh. Hi Sammy.” He adds, chewing away the sleep in his jaw, relaxing a bit after taking in the calm scene of his beloved car’s interior. Known territory, and no threat waiting for him to open his eyes.
Dean would probably slam his hand on the poor thing, patience not exactly being one of his virtues, but fortunately, Sam is the one to ring it. A few seconds pass until a bored-looking teenager appears in the doorframe of the backroom, emphatically dragging his feet and instinctually rearranging his hair before his eyes. Despite that seemingly innocent gesture, Cas did catch a glimpse of them before they disappeared behind a wall of flat, washed-out blond bangs; they looked fairly reddened, suggesting the boy knows exactly how to spice up his long and slow receptionist shifts, when there aren’t any customers walking in.
at Cas, which probably didn’t help, and he’s really gotta stop doing that (Can he? Does he even want to?
, asked her if she had any idea how to perform a mastectomy, she said she didn’t but had a colleague (a good friend, thankfully) who did. So Dean went under, woke up a few hours later and felt like he could conquer the whole world.).
He can’t ignore Sam’s prayer any longer, it sounds angry (or worried?), and the drum boy in his heart’s begun beating the solemn march he was playing a few hours ago again.
Half a pirouette later and he’s retracing his steps to the hallway, then, carefully opening Jack’s door and slipping in without a breath, he frowns when he notices a grave lack of… Well of
) lying there, unprotected, gives her a small nod. He stops himself (just in time) from asking her to make that every 30-40 minutes, because Sam and Cas are
He takes one of his wallets out of his jacket’s pocket, and slips a twenty-dollar bill out of it. Then, reconsidering his action, he checks the prices (again), adds them up with his phone’s calculator, and grabs a one-dollar bill from the wallet. The total is actually $20
father, now, would we? Well, more like two — you’ve got a brother, dontcha? Yeah, let’s go with two.”
Come to think of it, he can’t feel his phone in his pocket. It must’ve slipped out while he was on the Allalin, or something.
the same way. Because he was an optimistic fool. Sill, a man (angel) can dream.) and had then asked ‘
’ comes into action. Perfect. This is also a procedure he can look back to in the future, if this type of thing ever happens again. Which, knowing Dean, it unfortunately
head. It’s messy, yes, and he’s sort of trapped in a corner of it, yes, but with enough dedication, he could perhaps pinpoint
“Oh uh… ‘s just a hunting journal I started, to keep track of our cases. I always carried dad’s, but I thought ‘
His phone is practically itching in his front pocket. He’s gotta do it soon or the sun won’t be shining right anymore and he’ll have lost the moment. So he flips it out as they walk back to the car, and quickly puts his fingers on Cas’ arm, a simple, gentle movement he’s done countless times before that signals an unspoken “hey wait”. They do that a lot, come to think of it, unspoken things. They look at each other, they touch each other’s shoulders, sometimes faces (yeah Dean’s not sure how he feels about that, but... he’s gotta take that picture, the sun’ll have changed in 5 minutes.
a bad idea. And yet, this time, Dean can’t bring himself to really believe that, because Cas looks so goddamn happy, he’s practically glowing. That melts away whatever thoughts Dean’s mind was starting to build, and somehow he’s right back in front of Cas, but doesn’t remember walking there (he’s half tempted to check his shoulders to see if he suddenly grew wings but holy shit, he sounds insane).
The spotlight, still following him, makes the rows of bright-red velvet seats a lot less unnerving. There aren’t a whole lot of them; in fact, the theater is a shit-ton smaller than he originally thought, it looks to be just about the size of an old 1940’s
Before Dean can even formulate a response (however silent), knuckles are charging towards his eyes and breaking (probably) his nose, making dizziness join the disorienting burn that’s starting to ring in his ears. Without any semblance of a pause, a second punch lands on his stomach, cutting his breath short, then a sharp pain erupts in his lower back; the hit apparently sent him crashing against the sink, a couple feet behind him. His legs aren’t just paralyzed now, they’re completely numb, it’s like they’re not even there at all. He’d normally worry about that, but a third hit smashes his ribs and has him gasping for air, then a fourth one dislocates his jaw, then a fifth and sixth and a seventh and every single bone in his body feels broken, but that’s not enough for Orthon,
Jack is still awake enough to turn his head up, wide blue eyes staring up at him, in unashamed devotion, with a question, but Dean doesn’t have the time to explain anything else.
He isn’t sure whether or not the hand is still pulling him upwards or if the ache pulsing through his muscles and his bones and his joints and… Everything, yeah, is just residue
’ looks like, but Dean’s not one to talk about his feelings, especially if you ask him how he’s doing with a question that demands a precise response, so Sam just goes with a simple one, leaving room for his brother to expand his answer if he wants to, but no obligation.
), and stuffed some jerky into his mouth, they circle back to the highway. Cas’ eyes have switched from his feet to the passenger window, but they still make him look like a scared doe in front of headlights, watching death approach at full speed on a dark night. ‘Fools’, ‘cretins’, ‘imbeciles’, ‘morons’, there’s a million different synonyms to choose from, but ‘idiots’ still works best.
He slowly pushes it open and sure enough, there’s a cot inside, placed against the foot of the bed. Grinning, he hunches over it, hoping to find a sleeping Jack clutching his dino, but… Upon further inspection, the cot in question seems to be devoid of any toddler. Again. Frowning, he turns to the main bed, where he notices the slightest of movements; the stubborn kid must’ve crawled out of his own cot when Eileen left, and climbed into the bigger, familiar one, since she’d placed it so close to Dean’s bed. Well played.
Julie shrieked and her hand shot up from her side to touch the book, then her eyes met Cas’, silently asking “
He found the first one about a week ago while on a walk through Vancouver. It was laying there, pitifully, on some hotel’s steps. His heart broke a little after picking it up; it looked ancient, despite the book itself being merely 6 years old. Its spine was wrinkled, a few pages were stained or creased in their corners, some words had been smudged, as though a finger had rubbed them over and over… This book had been well-loved — not well
This time, Cas had paid more attention, taking in every word and etching them into his memory. Back then, he hadn’t realized it, but as he remembers the scene now, he’s fairly confident Dean had glanced back at him a few times, and when the deck sang ‘
This is around the time when this kid should probably stop talking, for his own good. Before he can further dig his own grave, Sam — who’d wisely stayed silent before then — chimes in, not making much of an attempt to keep a straight face.
The brothers start walking back towards the door, nodding a simple goodbye to the teen. Cas, eternally following in their footsteps, executes the same routine, applying his human-behavior-knowledge to real life situations like an absolute
. This was a mistake, perhaps it had slipped out of a bag, surely it had been forgotten there in a rush to get to an airport or to catch a bus.
on the symbols. Only difference is, he’s a little bit more relaxed now, ever since Dean woke up about an hour ago.
“Yeah, you had me worried there for a minute is all. Forgot the feeling of seein’ you get those headache things. B’sides, I didn’t get much sleep last night, and I forgot to bring coffee.” He answers, evasively. Alright, Sam’s not getting the detailed version this time. That’s fine, he’ll drag it out of him soon enough.
missing. Every day he seems more tired than the last, the dark circles under his red-rimmed eyes darker and greater, the small slump of his shoulders heavier and his consumption of caffeine keeps increasing. Cas can count on one hand the number of times he’s seen Dean
”. He’s never been “clean”. Blood on his hands, alcohol in his system, sins on his soul, tar in his lungs. Sure, he’s been clean
There’s a few stuffed animals and toys scattered around the floor, specifically Jack’s purple dino (that’s his favorite stuffy, Cas got it for him before he was born and during the time Cas was gone, the purple dino followed ‘God’ everywhere), within arms’ reach, ready to be swept from the floor and brought onto a new adventure, like fetching snacks from the kitchen for example. That’s a common adventure.
If he actually had a say in the matter, he’d put Dean in a coma for several days so the hunter could catch up on the dozens of hours of sleep he is
, but he told them he was happy enough knowing the book was back in the hands of someone who’d loved it so well.
Walking towards it, he can still feel Cas’ glare on his neck (it’s icy, this time. Cas must be thinking about something important. There’s three different ways you can feel this guy's stare on your skin: feathery, for when he’s looking at you fondly (don’t ask), icy, for when you remind him of a Crucial Event he needs to worry about
sensation in the years he’d known him. Now, the flames only burn inside his ribcage, and the snow spreads around like thick blankets in the pit of his stomach. It’s all gone back inside, because ever since humanity took him over, his eyes just
Getting twitchy at his (very) near presence, Dean nervously eyes him after straightening up, and clears his throat. He’s standing very close. Like, very,
look. He’s about to ask him how he’s doing. It seems like he always knows how to time it in the worst possible way, as in, he always asks that
It takes him a few seconds to remember that their beloved new God can be a bit picky about where he’s put to sleep, and sometimes (read: every day at 4pm like clockwork, for his naptime) demands to sleep in Dean’s room.
hours since a frantic Cas materialized into the room, (rudely) interrupting Sam’s quiet research, carrying what looked like a very bloody, life-sized ragdoll princess-style. Which actually turned out to be Dean.
If his brother hadn’t been in such an obviously bad shape, Sam would’ve taken a picture, printed it out on glossy (A0 format) paper,
Time is severely warping. Has he said his lines yet? Has he delivered his speech? How did he do? Did they like it, are they proud?
“Damnit, I really should shut your mind up, you’re spoiling my monologue. But anyways, yes, I am. Name’s Orthon. I’d shake your hand but um… Y’know.”
to check up on everyone staying in the bunker (sometimes an hourly ritual of his) he tends to turn into a hermit, locking his bedroom door, and avoiding the outside world, at least up until he can’t stand it anymore. Perhaps Cas should add that to the “
“Well, I heard your footsteps in the hall, then quite a lot of shuffling and standing at the door, and Sam never does that. If he has something to tell me, he’ll walk with a purpose directly to my door and knock immediately. If he doesn’t have anything to tell me, then he’ll simply not come. Your steps were unsure, and then when I didn’t hear a knock, I figured it had to be you. You also tend to check up on me on a whim, without needing any type of clear purpose. Process of elimination, I learned that from those Sherlock Holmes stories, very instructive books.” Cas answers, and Dean’s pretty sure he can hear amusement in his voice, which the light twitch on the side of his mouth confirms.
“You know where I went before I came to see you?” He always tells Jack about his little trips around the world, noting all the places he seems eager to go, soon.
queries. He held his breath the entire time, mesmerized, almost as if under a spell, but as soon as the voices stopped chanting, he fell right back into his body and took in a short, shocked inhale.
“Yes, so you keep telling me every morning.” Cas teases, kissing his forehead softly. Moving Dean’s head to his lap, and lightly caressing his hair he smiles down at him. “I love you too, Dean Winchester.” He adds, almost whispering.
his prettiest moment. He’s got a strange morbid curiosity to find out what happened though, in the time between the last soul he tortured and the first breath he took in his casket. He’s debated asking Cas about it for a while, but he’s worried it’d come off as weird. Plus, the angel would probably make it weird
be, hopefully’. He’s not a guy yet, just a freak with a fucked-up brain. ‘There’s shit you can do, apparently. Meds and shrinks who can help. I looked it up’. Sam looks confused. Fuck. He doesn’t want to fight him on this. ‘
Starting up the car and getting back on the highway, Sam glances to his right, expecting to see his brother brooding and staring out the windshield. Instead, he sees Dean give Cas a quick smile, to which the angel responds with a head tilt and furrowed brows. It’s not just a familiar movement, it’s a promise, something along the lines of ‘
) patterns along his spine, circles and symbols, lines and letters that’ll never wash off. Where the
“Wanna grab breakfast before Auntie Eileen gets up? Just you and me?” He asks, already extending his arms towards him.
“Yeah. Okay, so, you:” He points to Sam. “Get to research. And you:” Then directs his attention to Cas. “Breakfast. I’m starving.” And stomps decidedly back out the door.
“Alright. How about we make a playlist for you? Together, I mean. That way whenever I’m out hunting, or whenever you’re away, you’ll have something to remember me by.”
stop. This is real. He’s pretty sure he’s never felt safer than in this weirdly lit dark alley, surrounded by damp air, holding an angel in his arms for the first time in way too fucking long. There’s an urge buried in his stomach, he even knows exactly what it is, but he’s got no intention of acknowledging its existence. Instead, he lets go. What was that in Cas’ eyes? He could swear it was… A reflection of the same defeat? Nah. Couldn’t be. Just his brain playing tricks on him, because reasons.
His slow breaths mark a kind of rhythm, soothing the spikes of his hurried heartbeat. Losing all sense of time, he lets the drums in his chest carry him to the safety of another world, one where he’d never need to sit in a fucking bathroom stall to escape feeling or talking, one where he’d be content, where he’d be secure.
“Okay, you know what, I’ve had it up to here with your fucking riddles, and your mocking.” He steps closer to the edge of the stage, flailing his arms towards the stalls, in hope of catching a glimpse of a face. “Who the
“Yes. She was. She’d found a way around our defenses, and Hell’s defenses as well. What’s more, the second we realized souls were disappearing, so did she. She shielded herself from us. We had no way of finding
After some time (he’s got no clue how long), he reluctantly drags himself out of his otherworldly fantasy, because he knows Cas is most assuredly waiting (impatiently) for his return, just so he can keep harassing him with questions he doesn’t have the heart to answer.
that with each shard we rejoined with the rest, one more undead soldier fell back into oblivion. I’m not exactly sure how she did not notice her magic was healing, but I gather it had something to do with how damaged it was; she’d almost ruptured it out of herself, guiding it by will alone, not
. The thunder in his stomach reminded him, a couple minutes ago, of the reason why he’s absolutely ravenous at the moment: he hasn’t eaten anything since
He gets back up to his feet, with newfound motivation. If he can send out a distress signal to Cas, at least him and Sam won’t give up on his case. Yet. He can feel a new wave of flashbacks is coming, but he has a goal to achieve now, so he’s gonna have to do his best in an effort to keep it at bay, no matter what.
The main issue here is that he has no way of stopping this. He can barely move his fingers, but the nameless figure can walk around freely, bend elbows, squeeze hands, talk… Yeah, he’s at a very clear disadvantage, and there is absolutely no escaping this.
’ too much, and Sam briefly considered telling him the truth, but he noticed his brother’s face (self-conscious) and chose the kinder option, shielding him from unnecessary shame and several probable sleepless nights spent counting the exact number of times he’d said the word. Sam’s not a big brother, his main role isn’t to crush Dean’s spirit, it’s simply to be really
tale, the type of story passed down before people bothered writing them down. This is Medieval Ages shit, if not earlier. Orthon either spawned
been growing astonishingly fast. At this rate, he’ll be 8 before his fourth birthday — and as far as Cas is aware, that’s not how aging usually works in children. Still, Jack was
“Yeah, you do that. But Imma need answers once you wake up, alright?” Dean surprisingly concedes, albeit after a careful pause.
“You know I love you, right?” Dean asks, voice a little thin, something stuck in his throat. He knows that means he’s getting emotional again. He’s starting to learn how to decipher his own feelings, and Cas is helping a lot with that. Oh that’s making him even more emotional. Uh oh.
.’ was all he’d responded. Another one of the wonderful thought-labyrinths that Dean’s mind seemed to be able to create on a whim. ‘
. You’re not clean if you keep your shit under your bed. You’re just momentarily healthier. The familiar ‘
And yet. He’s standing still. He’s unshakable like they said he should be, he’s steady and resolute. He’s
“Nah. Not a lot of people on the road, pretty sure they’re scared.” He responds, opening his own (much healthier, but that’s beside the point) entree’s box. “Can’t blame ‘em.” He adds, after a pause.
Enough bragging, he’s got a goddamn photo to take. This lie is amazing, because that means he gets to... oh yeah. Oh this is a good one.
“On Dean’s back. Underneath some of the foreign lettering, there’s a name. It’s written quite small; I can’t say I’m surprised you didn’t notice it.”
“Hey, you like music, right?” She’d asked, with a specific look on her face, the one that meant she’d just thought of something fun to do.
. Cas would absolutely remember, had Dean and him touched upon the subject of sleeping in the same bed. That’s not exactly the type of conversation you simply
’. He needs sleep, and that yawn is definite proof. “C’mon, you’re almost falling asleep. You wouldn’t want Baby to get damaged in a crash that could’ve been prevented if you’d just taken a nap, right?” He adds, because he knows his brother so goddamn well, and hot tip: mentioning the Impala getting hurt is one of the only ways you can get him to do whatever you want.
’ Because it’s twenty fucking degrees Fahrenheit and he doesn’t own a proper winter coat, that’s why. ‘Eh, I’m just a bit cold’. He really is a dreadful liar. Cas frowns, he probably saw right through his subterfuge. ‘
. Listen kid, I’m sure Mrs.&Mrs. Jones are very nice people and all, and there’s probably a whole bunch of couples who’re glad they can… Share a king-size bed or something, but;
The worst part was the raw nature of his emotions. They were so intense they wouldn’t have actually needed to be accompanied by petrifying imagery to prompt those screams.
. Not exactly riveting news, Cas has been worrying about it for roughly 10 hours already. Join the club, Sam.
Sam suspects it had more to do with keeping Cas in his line of sight for as many seconds in a day as physically possible, but has chosen not to comment. Dean will have to go at his own pace with the self-assessments, just like everybody else, even if that pace is excruciatingly slow from the point of view of everyone else around who’s noticed there even
I'm a big fan of research and honestly linking a random 1 page story from a 400yo book to a huge historical even from over a thousand years ago, using a witch, is So Much Fun. Cas should be a History professor actually. But in any case, finding the right dates and right people to make the ancient story a lot wider took some time, but it was worth it.
“Sam made coffee, but you’ll only get to drink it if you open your eyes.” The low, raspy voice continues, ignoring his plea. “I just need to clean your injuries, Dean, then I’ll let you go back to sleep if you’re still tired.”
“Wait. Sam, you mentioned a necromancer?” Cas’ entire demeanor shifted, like a lightbulb just turned on in his brain. Except the lightbulb caught fire and someone added gasoline to the mix. And the flames subsequently started to spread over an entire world. This makes
He stuffs a mouthful of fries down his throat to hide his discomfort, which turns out to be a very ill-conceived camouflaging plan: Cas still squints at him, face as indecipherable as usual. Wow,
it. Everything’s in slow motion, all he can see is the swirl of dark liquid that he was gripping onto just moments ago. Somewhere in the bunker, Sam calls out his name, and the world goes back to a regular speed. His ears are ringing from the noise the fine porcelain made when it broke, and from the metal’s bell-like sound as it reached the floor-tiles. ‘
They walk to the counter, where a middle-aged woman is now waiting, reading a random celebrity-gossip magazine that looks at least 10 years old. Dean grabs all the items out of the basket and places them in front of the lady, and Sam discreetly slips the Uno cards beside the snack pile.
. He took the form of a uh… I think a huge mean-looking pig the second time around, if I understood correctly, but before Raymond could set his dogs on it, the pig disappeared into thin air, and Orthon never came back. Ah,
Come to think of it, the only moments he’s left the winged idiot out of his sight is when he turns in for the night, and that’s only when he doesn’t fall asleep in the Dean-Cave with Cas sitting in the second recliner, right next to him. He knows he’s being a bit overbearing (and he also knows that’s an understatement), but for the excruciating few weeks when he thought Cas was gone forever (which, by the way, were definitely longer than normal weeks, they lasted for an eternity), he felt like his soul had been ripped out of him, like he was just an empty shell, walking and talking but not living. So, when he got him back, he found it difficult not to make sure at every second of every day that he wasn’t about to lose him again to an ocean of black goo. He knows it’s a bit of an irrational fear (again, understatement, he knows) but he can’t help it.
“Card, please.” Dean blurts out, in a rush. Sam figures the burger-on-a-string is as big as it’s gonna get: the food is
Another half pirouette later and he’s heading back out the door, the soles of his shoes clicking against the floor tiles, echoing on the silent walls. It’s strange how the way this hallway was designed makes it disturbingly hard to see its end, like the exit was stolen, like the building itself caved it in. He raises his best scolding eyebrow at the wall (in case there’s an entity living in them) as if saying: “
“Everything alright? I heard you run through the hallway.” Cas asks. Oh so he was running, not just skipping a bit?
worked. It was like she’d tortured the very power she was using, like she’d torn it apart and put it back together with another force’s threads. The best way I can describe it is this: her magic felt like a billion shards of glass; it was ‘scattered’, but each fragment was as deadly as the last. It pierced through our efforts a million times.
.” Jokes Sam, who had already started walking careful steps toward his brother’s bed. He flips around, grabs a spoon and a little white cardboard bottle from the tray, pours its contents into the mug, slips the spoon in then stirs it around, and finally walks back in Dean’s direction.
Not that he didn’t lose it too – sure, Dean’s been hurt before, but it doesn’t make this type of thing any less nerve-wracking. After roughly ten minutes of anxiously watching Cas attempting to heal his brother (in vain), he insisted Dean be brough to a hospital. Which, for some reason, the hysterical angel refused
’ (Cas puts up his fingers in quotation marks as he cites Dean. Who taught him how to do that? Whoever it is, Sam needs to meet them, and pat them on the back, for this angel is much improved now that he’s armed with this knowledge) than me replying ‘
As he walks down the hall of the bunker, on his way to the main room (Sam should be there, reading one of the huge books the Men of Letters collected along the years. Surely he’s going to run out of reading material at some point, right? At the pace he’s going, he’ll have read through their entire library twice by his own birthday), Dean stops by Cas’ door. From where he’s standing, he can hear the angel is speaking softly (and guesses the intended audience is Jack) but can’t quite make out the words. He doesn’t even try resisting the temptation to knock on the door, he hasn’t been able to stop himself from gravitating towards wherever Cas is existing since Jack pulled him out of the Empty.
Sometimes, when he’s feeling that same panic, Dean catches Jack looking directly at him, with a question on his face. If Jack wasn’t a toddler, Dean would definitely interpret that look as a silent ‘Are you okay?’, but, he is a toddler and surely a 3-year-old can’t figure out Dean’s emotions better than the two other adults in the room, right? Then again, Jack is God, and maybe he can feel… Auras or something. Just in case, Dean always makes sure to give the kid a grateful smile, answering a type of ‘Yeah, thanks.’ to a question he isn’t even sure was ever really asked.
He cups both his hands under the stream like those old statues in some catholic churches do, the ones that look heartbroken. If he recalls correctly, it’s almost always statues depicting ‘
“Alright. This is the part where you’re going to hate me.” Oh no. All this diplomatic hard work, all of it, and for what? For
If every single tremor didn’t shoot arrows through this back, Dean would do his best impression of Jack and extend his arms towards the mug. But it
Blood is coating his costume, they don’t have a replacement, they’ve got to stop the play, close the curtains and tend to his goddamn
The stage has been polished with care. It hurts to look at, reflecting the blinding spotlight above him. It’s like a giant mirrored floor. He turns his head down, where he’s met with his own disturbing eyes — glassy and mad. He’s dying, somewhere, that much he knows. He’s got a part to play here, but the lines escape his memory, they slip through his fingers, hurrying off to some other place he’ll never see.
“Yeah, she did.” He flips to the next picture. Jack had drawn the night sky, and what looked like a big star, in front of which stood a beige figure with multicolored wings, next to another figure about the same height, then a much smaller character, then a tall and long haired one, and finally, an even longer haired, shorter one; all holding hands. Cas, Dean, himself, Sam and Eileen, together in front of a star.
The moment Sam finished sewing his brother up, Cas jumped in his place and gently wrapped white cloths around Dean’s torso, then zipped open the inert man’s duffle-bag, from which he pulled out a random t-shirt. After a few seconds of cautious maneuvering around his bandaging work, he’d managed to render Dean ‘decent’ again.
“Anyways, my point being, it’d be a shame if you died.” Dean’s eyes widen in skepticism. “Oh, not for me though, no,
Cas gives him a content smile, and Sam wanders back to his brother. Ah, good, he found pie. Unsurprisingly, Dean’s entire demeanor is lighter already, his mood incredibly helped by the glucose-filled treat’s discovery.
. That’ll allow him to run some cold water over his face to collect his senses, and to come up with a believable lie that can explain — at least in parts — his recent behavior (like, oh, for example, his latest panic episode
There’s a little chime as they open the door, notifying the owner of the establishment of their existence. Dean practically sprints to the snack shelves, not even taking the time to grab a basket. He selects a couple chocolate bars, a bag of jerky and a 6-pack of cheap beer, all of which he slams into the basket Sam obligingly extended towards him.
Jimmy Novak’s eyes may have already been blue, but in those moments when Cas looks so intently at Dean, his vessel’s gaze disappears and only the angel’s raw power and form remain. How his brother has never noticed, Sam has no idea.
He suddenly comes to the realization that he’s awkwardly standing in the middle of the motel room, wallet in hand, staring into nothing, and that Cas’ eyes have left their Dean-Watching post to study
“Hate to disappoint you, truly do, but I’m nowhere near 80 yet,” He points to his head. “And I’m pretty sure I’m still, y’know, all there, up here.”
! Why am I here!?” He’s waved away a lot of the cobwebs that were shrouding his mind, but the stage is still too well-polished and the light is still too blinding for him to be able to see shit about fuck.
“I believe what Sam is trying to say is: he doesn’t know, and would appreciate some peace and quiet to recover, so he can tell us more about it later on.” Cas interjects, directing at Dean an icy glare, before the two brothers can start to bicker over the lack of detail in Sam’s description. Right, Cas is there. Thank God he is. Turning towards him, the angel adds: “You should rest, Sam.”
“Oh, yeah, once we find a motel, I can stay in and start on research directly, while you two grab some food. Just bring me back a cup of coffee, I’ll probably need it by then.” Perfect.
Wait. They were right. There’s less pressure here already, it takes him less of an effort to push froward, and he’s pretty sure he can see a small flame in the distance. Where there’s fire, there’s air, hallucination or no hallucination. When he finally reaches the small source of light, he realizes it’s his lighter, burning a bright fire of victory. He follows the smoke with his eyes: it’s going upwards. Tilting his head back, he’s faced with the most wonderful sight he’s ever seen in his entire life: a small, faraway hole, up in the invisible ceiling. It’s like he’s staring down a chimney. This must be it. So, with nothing else left it do, he inhales sharply, and calls out:
The angel, not acknowledging the comment, retreats (surprise surprise) back in the direction of Dean’s bed, and Sam steps into the room, then closes the door behind him.
In any case, I decided to go with rotating point of views, and assigned Sam to this part of the trip because I felt like it. There's a deeper idea behind it but I'd be spoiling the whole plot if I told you.
“Ah, well, about that.” Dean mumbles, with way too much burger in his mouth. “Before the son of a bitch started writing Hamlet on my back, he said something.”
Cas isn’t quite sure what the kid assumed, nor why he awkwardly pointed towards him as he replied, but he decides that getting furiously dedicated to staring at the floor (or the plants, or anywhere that isn’t Dean, really) is the best course of action to follow, from here on out.
, but all the rebellion he has the energy for at the moment is a displeased frown, and petty mutism.
He picks up his light jacket from his chair’s backrest and checks his pockets to make sure all his fake ID’s and credit cards are still there. He never really loses any of his belongings, especially not things as important as his wallet (well. More like wallet
“…And have you seen how big he’s gotten already? We’re gonna have to buy him some new clothes pretty soon.” Dean states, brows furrowing.
one in Idaho, but it’s neither on the I-80 nor the I-84, and Dean is most definitely not going to concede to a 1-hour detour just to get gas at a slightly original station, simply for the hell of it. Sam would, maybe. Alright, no fun gas stations this time. He still copies the link and pastes it to his notes app, maybe next time they go out on a hunt he’ll figure out a way to convince Dean to take a route that includes one of them.
Cas has been silent for the most part of the drive until now, squinting and nodding at Dean’s Jack-related babble when he’s expected to, or quietly humming along the tunes of the songs playing in the tape deck. He probably knows them by heart by now, Dean has the (very irritating) tendency to play the same 3-4 mixtapes on a loop.
He steps back, trying to not look as flustered as he feels and failing miserably judging by Meera’s raised eyebrow. She slams the door shut again, and Dean’s just stood there like a fucking chump.
Dean rolls his eyes and shucks Cas as he walks past. “Sure, nerd. We might want to rent a car too for our stay – the pick-up truck doesn’t really scream ‘fed.’”
“That’s what I’m thinking,” says Sam. “Like how you guys can hide your wings to stop human eyes from burning out.”
“Wait, wait,” says Dean, before he can think better of it, and before Cas can start to worry, he brings his hand up and licks a broad path from wrist to the tip of his finger, getting Cas’s palm as wet and slick as possible. Cas looks him dazed, and Dean can’t resist showing off, so he sucks down on his middle finger, because Cas's
He books a week off work and bustles Cas into the truck with a duffel bag packed for the both of them. (Cas refuses to buy his own t-shirts, despite stretching out every single one of Dean’s: so, shared wardrobe. Perks of being gay, Dean guesses.) Then Dean points them in the direction of the nearest coast.
“Last night,” he admits. Something flickers over her face, and he adds, “But that’s because I only found out bisexuality existed last night.”
Sam's pulling away and holding him at arm's length, smiling at him. Dean returns the smile, with little else to do. "So, do you know if Cas is using labels? I don't want to offend him," asks Sam.
on Cas’s face. “Dean,” he says, with all the gravitas of incredibly important news. “Do you – do you think I am a
, Cas-” And then his mouth falls open, silent, as Cas pushes inside. He drags his mouth along Dean’s jaw, moving down to press his face in Dean’s throat and nips at the skin there. He nudges at the bottom of Dean’s jaw, and Dean bares his neck, stretching his gaze to the ceiling as he holds onto Cas for all he’s worth. “Oh fuck,” says Dean, a little faintly.
He lets out a small laugh. “Well,” he says. “I’ve spent forty-odd years not knowing. Guess I’m not wasting any time.”
“A lot of your TV choices do make more sense,” she says, thoughtfully. Then she replays some of his phrasing, and adds, “When you say you should take more time to think about it – exactly when did you come to this realisation?”
Sam lets the tension go first, in a slouch and an exhale. “Dean. Seriously, man. What gives? I thought you two were finally happy together.”
“Oh, we’re joking about that now?” Dean scoffs, ignoring the twinge of his chest, and chucks an arm over Cas’s shoulders to pull him close. “We’re making funnies about that. Cool, nothing off limits then.”
He drives through the night and gets back to their Kansas home in the early hours of the morning. The crusts of ignored sleep make his eyes dry, and he feels gross all over, the scent of sewage still clinging to his skin despite quickly popping into their wasted motel shower.
“He tried to hit Dean,” says Cas, in a voice a stranger might call mild-mannered. Dean knows otherwise.
Cas pauses the screen, and slowly turns around. There’s an expression on his face that Dean doesn’t want to read – somewhere between incredulity and sympathy. “You really didn’t know?” he asks.
Just him, and the remnants of Empty goo, puddled around the space. There are larger lumps, one in particular, but not large enough to hide a 5ft-something angel. Barely enough to cover a cushion, or dog.
emblazoned across it in tacky white letters, and a picture of a stick figure shredding on a guitar. Dean both hates it and loves it, and so wears it whenever he’s cooking. Which is often.
It’s made of butternut wood, and the carving is choppy enough to tell Dean it’s handmade. He runs a finger over the freshly-oiled grain, and delights at the bumps and still-rough edges.
, Cas?” he snaps. “If someone’s doing you the solid of sucking your dick, maybe don’t stop them halfway through!”
Michaela lets out a noisy, hard-done-by exhale, and says, “He asked to come in, and I said something like ‘Yeah, whatever, it’s your house. Go for it.’ What does that matter?”
Dean slings an arm over Cas’s shoulder and drinks his beer, somewhere between embarrassed and perversely delighted.
“Smart,” Dean says, voice cracking on the ‘a’. His heart is thundering in his chest. “But no deal necessary. I don’t want anything. Just – maybe that’s enough to call it a night, huh?”
Now the thought is there, the proof of Cas being hot enough to burn, he has to follow through. He pushes at the same time Cas pulls, and they knock against the couch as one. Cas doesn’t even blink, he falls back and tugs Dean until he’s sat on Cas’s lap.
“Cas,” warns Dean. He curls his arm around Cas’s shoulders to stop him from squirming away. “What’s going on?”
And three days later, after researching and calling lawyers and driving himself crazy, Dean said, “Well, we’re getting married, then.”
Dean wishes he felt guiltier. But this is who he is. Better that Cas knows that now. After all, Dean is the man who went to Hell for his brother, who said yes to Michael and Gadreel and took every bad deal in the playbook for forty years. And Cas is the angel who chose eternal death to save such a man.
“I wanted to check you were okay,” says Cas. “It seemed like you didn’t sleep much last night. And then you left early this morning – I hope last night didn’t upset you.”
“You – some time in Heaven?” Dean is shaking, all over, from anger and pain and something else. “How long?”
There’s a small smile pulling at Cas’s lips, and he darts over to kiss Dean, too fast for Dean to sink into like he wants to, and then he’s striding towards the door. “Come on,” says Cas. “The sooner we solve this, the sooner we can get to the beach, and you can wear the swimming trunks I packed for you.”
He vaguely remembers that incident, remembers the hot and humiliated anger when Sam said that; a weird kind of caught-out shame and rage. He remembers the fight, for sure, and driving around for a couple of hours trying to run from the boiling underneath his skin.
“I didn’t like Daphne, either. When you were Emmanuel or whatever. She just – snatched you up, didn’t give anyone else a
“I don’t think you fucked up my life, Dean,” she says, gently, pulling back so she can look him in the eye. “I think you’re so busy damning yourself that you don’t realise how you’ve helped others. What if I’d been killed by that racist truck without you? What if I’d never met Meera?”
Cas abruptly stiffens in his hold, and then pulls away, faster than Dean’s arms realise. He sits up and looks away, jawline tenser than Dean has seen in a while. Dean straightens up as well, and asks, “Cas?”
, and it’s worth it for how Cas goes a little cross-eyed. Dean lets the finger pop back out, and he grins, and says, “Please, continue.”
Sometimes this happens - he gets lost in his own head, especially when he takes a second to realise how weird his and Cas’ life must look from the outside.
Cas is looking at him like he’s insane, which, in retrospect and all honesty, is fair. “So,” he says, deliberately choosing his words. “The fact that you were lying is proof that you were not lying.”
“And we’d make it safer. We’ll check the basement and the land, and we’ll paint all the sigils we need under the wallpaper we’ll put up. Hell, we could lay totally fresh brick infused with some of Sam’s spell work and Jack’s blessings. We need a room for the kid to visit anyway, so-”
So, it’s like on TV, when a character reveals something, and you have to rethink everything you knew about them. Like on Dr Sexy, when they revealed it was actually his evil twin they’d been watching for a season, and suddenly his break-up with Bethany and his decision to burn down the morgue and the other stuff he’d been doing all made sense.
He’s so close, strung tight, and Cas is breathing hot against his ear, tongue occasionally darting out to lick across the lobe, random and unplanned, like he can’t help it, and Dean’s eyes are blurring, and Cas’s hand is rough-soft-warm-
They don’t, for a moment. But then in one shared scramble, Dean pushes up and Cas follows him, and grabs onto his hand, and kisses him again for luck before they clamber from the couch. They make their way upstairs, and it’s still heady but – deliberate, now. Like the nervousness is part of it. Like Dean deserves the anticipation, and so does Cas too.
Dean curls his tongue around the head, and then slides his mouth down, taking in as much of Cas as he can. Cas’s dick nudges at the back of his throat, and he focuses on letting him slide further. “Oh- Oh,
Dean pulls the truck out of the police station lot and gets back on the road. As he settles onto the straight, his fingertips patter guiltily on the leather steering wheel, and he admits, “I just thought – I guess I thought she was the only person who I didn’t leave their life worse off.”
Dean presses his lips together, and slugs his little brother in the shoulder rather then start bawling his eyes out.
The five of them - Dean, Cas, Sammy, Eileen and Charlie - pack into the Impala on Saturday morning and come back Sunday evening. Claire and Ash manage the bar by themselves, though every single time they make some small change that takes Dean a week to sniff out. Last year, Claire somehow changed the neon ‘booze’ sign to ‘boobz’, and Dean barely had the heart to change it back.
Cas looks up from a newspaper he picked up at the front desk as Dean stands up. “We need to look at the body,” says Dean. “I say we go pick up some suits and get to the morgue. A ripped-up body could be anything – and the police might be keeping missed organs out of the press in case of fake confessions.”
They pick up the suits but not a new car, and sure enough, when they arrive at the station the rookie on desk asks about it with a sceptical brow.
Cas searches his face, and then puts the condom wrapper down. Instead, he grabs for the lube again and smears it down his cock until its glistening, and Dean’s mouth falls loose at the sight. His legs spread wide, knees bent, and he reaches for Cas. Cas leans over him, and lines up, and the head of his cock nudges against Dean’s loosened hole. Cas ducks down, and asks the inch of breath between them, “Are you sure?”
This is all spinning wildly out of control. That isn’t right, that isn’t the whole truth, but Dean doesn’t know the words to fix it, to articulate what’s actually happening in his own fucked up head. His whole face feels numb and slack as he stares at Cas. The way he looks… just completely shut down. Like somebody finally found the off switch and he’s rebooting.
They paint and install various warding sigils across the entire house, which Sam, Eileen and Jack come over to help with. Jack even adds a special flavour of
Eventually, after the opening credits, the episode starts for real and opens on a tearful conversation between Bethany and Dr. Sexy. He tells her that of course he cares for her, but he needs some time to figure something out. She asks if it’s an excuse, and he assures her, “No, I mean it – this is something I need to understand
“Yeah,” Dean says. All at once, he deflates and falls down onto her couch. He stares up at her ceiling. “I just didn’t
(“You keep doing that,” Cas will say later, crossly, like it’s a totally unreasonable reaction when faced with an unfamiliar and ethereal creature, like
He slings an arm over Jack’s shoulder and walks them to where the pick-up truck and Impala lie parked. He shuffles them to the truck, though he doesn’t miss Jack’s longing look towards Baby. And he drives them both to Home Depot.
(“You know Led Zeppelin isn’t a personality trait, right?” And: “I would never have pegged you as an Aquarius, Winchester. Too bull-headed.” And “No, choose a photo without your blue-eyed buddy, you don’t want chicks asking which one's you and getting disappointed.”)
But she continues, “It was so special. It was like I was the only source of light in the room. Like I was sexy and cherished and protected. You could be an ass, and sometimes I wanted to strangle you. But – but your love is special. It’s so wonderful to receive. And that wasn’t even comparable to what you two have. You and I were kids, young and making mistakes all over the shop.”
Cas swallows, and then crouches, so now he’s the one looking up. Great. Dean needed a visual metaphor for bringing an angel down to his level, that’s perfect. Dean realises his breath is starting to come fast and hissed between tight lips.
Cas gives him a cross look, which is pretty much negated by the fluffy towel bandaged around his head. “Where would I go?”
“You hungry?” Dean asks as he finally pulls away, which is really only because Miracle starts wriggling to be let down.
Dean barks out a dark laugh and wraps his arms around Cas’s body to pull him as close as two people can be with their pyjamas on. “Oh Cas. Yeah, sweetheart, believe me: I understand.”
Cas looks very cross, which is impressive considering most of his facial muscles have been replaced by eldritch-floating-smoke. “I could still smite you.”
Cas looks back to the mirror – Dean can’t decide whether he’s just avoiding Dean’s eye, or whether he’s searching for something there. Regardless, Dean steps behind him to help as to both options, and their gaze meets in the reflection. Cas lets out a deep breath.
“A hub?” Dean repeats, fully aware he’s being ridiculous. Like, from an outside perspective. Unfortunately, the outside perspective is not in the reins right now. “What, you have a group chat? ‘Hey gals, let’s get mojitos, this one’s a wendigo?’”
Sam pauses for a breath, and then says, in a more neutral tone, “I should have. I wasn’t deliberately keeping it a secret, I swear. It just didn’t come up, and it seems like you never wanted to hear about hunter stuff anyway these days. And, fine, it was easier
It’s been a week since Cas came back. A week of not leaving each other for longer than their bathroom breaks and occasionally leaving a room for a moment before the other follows. The longest they’ve been apart is when Cas and Jack went on a walk around the fields of the bunker for a private catch-up, and Dean decided then was the perfect time to get the weed-whackers out for a touch-up, and maybe the weeds that needed whacking were the ones where he could keep an eye on two figures in the distance. But, you know, coincidences and all that.
They took a picture, because Dean read it would be good evidence for the interview he still has nightmares about. In the photo, Dean has his arm flung around Cas’s shoulders, and Cas is smiling all big and gummy and scrunched eyes. They went for burgers and beer afterwards, and then back to the bar. Dean put the marriage certificate in the fire-proof safe they keep in the garage, along with the printed photo and the parking ticket from the courthouse lot.
Dean likes the calm. He likes the ocean, and the grit of warm sand between his toes, and the wind that hits harsh if they mistime the weather. He’ll never admit it to Sam - but he fucking loves their beach trips.
“And,” oh shit, Cas is winding up to something. “Travelling across the country in a car is more like our old lives than anything recent. If anything, this is more like work than-”
They get close. Of course they do. Cas is the best kisser Dean’s been with, all enthusiasm and strength and melting softness. And it escalates so easily, because all Dean wants is to be closer to him. Dean has sincerely never been so often close to creaming his pants since he was maybe fourteen years old. It’s hardly a chore to have a super-hot celestial being lick into your mouth like you’re the greatest delicacy he’s tasted when he’s literally bitten into the fruit of Eden. It’s actually fucking
(“I would like the kitchen to be painted the colour of the Pacific Ocean when megalodons swam there.”
He’d go over and over a scene in his imagination, on long road-trips or boring stakeouts. Even when he was older and could go into a Blockbuster all by himself – it wasn’t the same. Just – re-examining it, twisting it over and maybe extending it into a wholly different story. Even when he started guiltily watching soaps, and would inevitably miss three episodes out of five, and he’d watch the new episode having to guess at what happened in between. When he started watched Dr. Sexy more often than he’d ever admit.
me with your body, and if I close my eyes I can see your soul and it’s happy, and- and, oh, fuck, Dean,
Rows of bean stalks and potato sprouts and tomato plants. Herbs, most of which Dean can’t recognise without bending down close to inhale their scent. Flowers, too – petunias and posies, French and English lavender, roses and daffodils – as well as weeds. Those, in particular, make Dean catch his breath in fondness, looking at dandelions and dock leaves and nettle spread in the spaces between carved out soil.
Cas presses his lips together, and steps around the coffee table so there’s mere feet between them. “And if I wanted the ‘maybe more’ bit? What then?”
He looks - gorgeous, actually, but Dean doesn’t know how to say that without being weird. He settles for knocking his shoulder against Cas’s and ignoring the damp that seeps into his t-shirt from the contact.
Dean mostly just tries to keep his head down and avoid Eileen or Cas as much as possible. (The one time he stands near Cas, Eileen appears with party poppers to shower on them and Dean almost murders his sister-in-law.)
Twisting his lips in thought, Sam says, “Maybe. It’s difficult to… when we were kids, I certainly never thought about it. It wasn’t something – I mean, teenagers these days, I think it’s more visible, or open, or something for them to consider and question. Which, you know, is a good thing. But for us – especially with our dad being who he was – I don’t think it was ever even something we were supposed to know about.”
Cassie smiles back at him. “Same, I’m sure. Come on, we have a coffee maker at our room. I’ll put it on while we’re waiting for you guys to catch up.” And with that, she flounces away to their vehicle, which is a goddamn Toyota
“No, for a goddamn monster!” She lets out an irritated growl, and then jerks a thumb to the woman by her side in the matching pantsuit. “Dean, this is Meera. Meera, Dean.”
“Yeah, yeah. I get it.” He looks away, tensing his face to stop any wayward, humiliating tears. “Whatever, man. Don’t let the door hit you on the way out.”
But then Dean catches sight of mushed tomatoes and the still-flung-back netting, and he gets an idea. “Yeah, okay,” he says nonsensically. “It’s a Terry O’Quinn kind of day, huh? I’ve got an idea how we can spend it.”
There’s a guilty beat behind Dean’s eyes, marching to a dull and defeated tune. He sees visions of Sam’s anger, of his disappointment, of his tears. On Dean’s heart, there’s a tattooed instruction that reads,
having the conversation. I knew you’d freak out, and honestly? I didn’t think it would ever come up.”
“Yeah,” says Dean, again, and spreads his legs as wide around Cas’s thighs, to make clear how exactly he wants him.
Dean feels his breath catch in his throat. He thinks of all the horrors, all the demons and terrors hidden in the Empty that would have been desperate to hitch a ride back with him. He sees visions of another Apocalypse, of having to tell Sam.
Cas flinches back as if Dean had hit him. Dean’s anger leaves him in one rush, and regret takes its place.
“Yeah, you did!” Dean says, trying not to snap. He fights to keep his voice even. “It’s fine. I’ll come with you, okay?”
Miracle nuzzles into Cas’s cheek and plants a sloppy kiss on his skin – like pet, like owner, Dean figures.
“Jack and I are, carefully, building each pocket of Heaven. Eventually, it will be able to grow by itself, matching each soul’s truest happiness. But for now, we must build each one ourselves. It is one of the greatest joys to be able to – to create, when so much of my existence is destroying or being destroyed. You know how much I love our earthly garden, Dean. Well, Heaven is an infinite garden, and each soul is a flower with their own needs and beauty. It is truly beautiful.” Cas is smiling and Dean can feel where his cheek curves against Dean’s chest. “And you asked my favourite part. I should’ve thought it would be obvious.”
Cas squints. “Good for you,” he says, which really wasn’t the level of support Dean was hoping for. Then he pulls a face, and amends, a little more carefully, “I’m honoured you have told me. But – I’m sorry, Dean, but this doesn’t change anything between us.”
It’s like he didn’t listen to Dean’s strategy. “Yeah, but only for tonight. Then tomorrow’s Wednesday, so we’ll just watch it live from tomorrow on.”
It doesn’t work. Cas says, “I think I’ll spend some more time in Heaven. I believe we need some time apart.”
Dick’s lip curls, and he makes to push himself straight, but Cas is there, pressing his chest back down, against the table.
“So now souls, angels and demons, have the opportunity to go to purgatory to earn another turn as a human.” Jack smiles.
He takes a few steps back and turns to look back at the house just in time to see Jack leading Cas towards him.
“I will,” Dean vows, hard right back. “I’ll get a kitchen knife and push it right into my chest. I’ll drive the Impala into the side of the bunker. I’ll-”
(chapter spoiler) content warning: dean meets an underage sex worker who reminds him of his past. excerpt begins when Dean stumbles into the bar alleyway, at: 'Then, on his exhale, he hears it.'. Interaction with the character ends at 'His brain is spiralling.' and full scene ends at the dash break.
It’s his own fault, of course. This is what happens when the series ends. They defeated the Big Bad, and the hero (Sam) got the girl (Eileen) and everyone lived happily ever after. But Dean’s the one left behind, his plot unresolved. Or – worse – this is the ending he gets. This is the ending his narrative was always destined to end with.
“Cas, can you control him?” She leans around Dean to call for him. Dean snaps his fingers to get her attention again, and opens his mouth for a
Sam rolls his eyes. “Did you come in here to insult my life’s work, or was there something else on your mind?”
If he twitches his foot just a little, it would probably nudge into Cas. He wonders if Cas is sleeping. He’s probably tired after everything that happened. Dean shouldn’t disturb him. Even if he doesn’t sleep, he deserves to rest a least-
Something flickers across Cas’s face, too sad and too quick for Dean to catch. Jack nods fast and eager, and says excitedly, “Yes! We’re real. Corporeal, too.”
It’s 10pm according to the Impala’s clock. He drives out of town, for an hour where his fingers drum on the wheel and his skin itches. He can still smell the sweat-stick-must of sex, and when he parks outside a bar he doesn’t recognise, he pulls out cheap deodorant from the glove compartment to spray over himself.
they were too late, that he was about to walk onto a dead body. He looks back in the direction the man came from. It’s literally none of his business. The back door has shut heavy on him, and he needs to walk the other way to go back in through the front. For fuck’s sake, it’s his turn for the round, they’re going to notice if he’s gone.
“Well,” she replies, after a moment where Springsteen croons from the stereo. “Do you think it's fixable?”
“Then don’t.” Dean reaches and grabs onto Cas’s face, brings his knees up to grip Cas between them. “Okay, just
, but what if something goes wrong? Something always goes wrong, especially with us. What if – what if you’re rebuilding a heavenly version of the Sistine Chapel and it falls down on you? Or someone’s pocket of Heaven needs a Freddy Kruger chasing around, and he injures you? What then?”
Cas’s shoulders drop, and he walks closer. He holds out his hand, and Dean takes it warily. “I don’t enjoy fighting with you,” Cas says, and he tugs at Dean’s hand until he walks into his personal space. He tugs again and begins to lead Dean upstairs. “Not anymore. And I promised not to leave you without your permission again.”
“I just – they’re all over you and I want to- and I imagine your hands on me, and your mouth, and- you look so beautiful when you finish, and it’s because of
At that, Cas looks away, casts his eyes to the side, and continues, “Regardless, I think the fact that this shape is so unfamiliar will shield me from the Empty. Unfortunately, however, I will probably not be much use to you like this.”
Cas begins to move again, slamming and slapping flesh, hot and lewd in the silence of their bedroom. Dean is on fire, and desperate, and panting out nonsense.
It loads up, full volume on a full speaker, and Dean panics once again and grabs some earbuds to plug in. The house is empty, and their closest neighbour is three miles away. Dean still isn’t fucking risking it.
Dean rips his eyes from the screen, fumbles for the remote and presses pause. (On television, without a tape or DVD! The modern marvels of technology. If he wanted to, he could rewind whatever and whenever he wants. Amazing.)
He rushes through the storeroom swing doors, and sees, in all his drunkard, ugly glory, Dick, standing in front of Claire, who’s tiny but determined and yelling at him. Everyone’s yelling, actually, and he can't find the source, until.
Dean throws aside the gun. If this isn’t real, then he’ll take the repercussions later. He storms across the distance separating them, and Cas takes a step into the kitchen to make it easier, and Dean grabs hold of Cas’s shoulders and then his arms and then settles on his neck, thumbs gripping his jaw. “What’s going on?” he asks urgently. “Is the Empty – are you out? Did you defeat it? Is it still after you? Do you need me to go instead?”
“Dean!” He hollers, rapping on the door for a few moments before, as Dean was dreading, he works out that no one locks their front door when they live in the middle of nowhere, and he just walks in. “Dean, where are you?”
His back knocks against concrete, and the air is struck out from him. He coughs, hacks up black goo, and lets go of the static as he sits up and tries to breathe again. His knees bend up for his forearms to rest against, hanging his head between them, while he inhales big whooping breaths.
Cas kisses him desperate and hard, pressing against him as if they could occupy the same space. Dean is helpless against the onslaught, just spreads his legs to make a stronger seat and grabs onto Cas’s thick thighs. He lets out a whimper as Cas bites into his bottom lip then sucks it better, as he slides a hand down the back of Dean’s t-shirt’s collar to touch as much skin as possible.
His grin stretches wider, and he pulls Cas down for another kiss, one that keeps getting interrupted by unhelpful and toothy smiles.
He picks them up, and his thumb gently runs over the rip Cas will later sew up. The pad of his thumb catches on the rough seam.
They build a new routine. Sam and Eileen visit for Wednesday dinner every week, and after dinner, Dean and Eileen settle in to watch that evening’s episode while Sam and Cas do whatever they do together. Sometimes Cas goes to Heaven as usual and Sam reads a book in the lounge with them, pretending not to watch but looking up at every shriek or moan. (Which, in an average episode, happens at least twice every ten minutes.) Other times, they spend time discussing lore or other boring stuff, and one memorable time, they ended up in a wrestling match Dean refused to get involved in.
He runs a hand through Cas’s sweat-damp hair, and tugs, just gently. Cas goes with it, pushes up just enough so he can brush his nose against Dean’s. The movement is achingly tender, and heat prickles at Dean’s eyes. He’s never felt so – held. “I’m glad it’s you,” he confesses before he should, before he even knows what he means by that.
It’s only when he reaches it and sees that it’s empty, that he realises how lucky he is, and debauched he probably looks. He grabs a glass of water, slurps it down and wipes across his mouth. He runs a hand through his hair, and wonders if he looks at dazed as he feels.
, on the cover. He is so instantly filled with a rush of fondness that he thinks he might be able to bottle it up and sell it.
The light fades, and Cas lets go, and the rakshasa falls to the ground, body sliding off the pipe with a sick wet sound.
They follow the police office through the station and downstairs. Dean is temporarily struck by the sight of Cas in a suit. Strange to be unaccompanied by beige overcoat, and stranger still to now be allowed to covet the line of his shoulders, the neat taper of his waist, the fabric around his thighs.
“Then you must not care for either of us,” she says, and a single, glistening tear rolls down her cheek without smudging a spot of mascara. “Because you
He gives up. Fuck his life anyway for trying to hide something from an angel with true sight and multi-planal vision and silent fluffy slippers.
smiling now. He pulls up the last of the ruined plants, and the bamboo sticks they’d been growing along too. He runs his fingers through the soil to mix it and then stands. His knees and his fingers are dirty, soil caught along the sides of his trimmed nails. He lets out a deep sigh. “It’s fine. I will just grow new ones.”
He takes a step back, as far as Dean’s arms will let him, and those blue eyes pierce straight into Dean’s gut.
It’s the closet he could find to his intended purpose. It’s old, and the page he found it from was already faded, so there’s certain lines and cuts he’s not totally confident on. But it’s supposed to access the Empty, while conscious.
He loves Bones, and Spock, and, well, Dean really doesn’t like the way he loves Kirk especially. He likes the cheesy monster make-up, and it seems like he seems to agree every time Spock gets especially exasperated with human customs or sensibilities.
But – and really, he’s not trying to be superficial about this – Cas looks like a Dali version of a cat right now, spilling out of the edges of his own form, and Dean barely got his head around loving a man-shaped angel, never mind a cat-shaped one.
He joins Sam on the back porch a few moments later in sweatpants, bare feet, and a Henley. He’s wearing underwear, at least, which is a victory in itself. Sam hands him a beer and Dean takes a quick swig, ignoring the curdle as it lands in an already-acidic stomach. It’s late morning and so the sun beats hot, just on the right shade of comfortable.
“Then we have to understand what’s led us here. We have to respect those choices we’ve made and learn from them. I can’t regret them – they’ve led me here, after all.” He turns his hand on Dean’s knee and interlinks their fingers to prove his point.
They’re both breathing heavy, and Cas’s eyelids are drooped low with lust, hooked on the sight of Dean’s bottom lip. Slowly, Cas looks up, and searches across Dean’s face. Whatever he finds there makes him smile – a small, understanding and private thing – and take a step back. His grip on Dean’s jaw relinquishes into a caress. “I’d like some coffee,” he says.
Dean presses his mouth against Cas’s shoulder in a sort-of kiss as he tried to process that. The thing is: if you’d asked Dean, at probably any point over at least the past six months - maybe the past five years, maybe twelve – he’d have said of course Cas has a soul. Fuck whatever the lore said. Cas has a son and he cried watching
“Ah!” Dean sticks his fingers in his ears and shuts his eyes tight. After a few seconds, he braves opening them up again, just to see Eileen laughing and holding onto her shaking gut like it’s about to combust. He narrows his eyes and points an unhappy finger in her direction. “Shut up.”
Which leaves Dean just – holding onto Cas’s neck. Objectively, he knows he needs to, at some point, pull away. But his hands seem to be ignoring his conscious thought, happily driven by some primal urge that Dean won’t examine too carefully. His thumbs stroke a minute pattern on the patch of skin they can reach.
Something flickers across Cas’s expression, too quick to recognise, and then he’s stone again. “I did,” he says. “But that was a promise made without all the right information.”
“I knew everything about you, Dean, when I resurrected you. And yes, I know what you felt necessary when your father abandoned you for weeks at a time.” Cas looks – not angry, but intense. Urgent.
Still, he stares at the spot, as if waiting long enough will make the bee reappear. He’s lost in that moment, eyes wide and lips parted.
Cas ignores him. “On Earth, I have always had to take a vessel. I don’t know what’s different here. My best guess is that something happened, either in the Empty or during your rescue, that affected my form. But I don’t know what.”
Dean’s about to sit with them before he notices Cas isn’t eating. He asks, “Do you need to eat? In this form?”
Cas frowns, and looks down at his fingers. Dean absolutely does not find his confusion endearing, because that would be completely ridiculous. Instead, Dean pulls their hands up so he can press a kiss against the thumb in question.
“Oh,” says Dean, as abrupt as the stop of his heartbeat. He licks his bottom lip, and Cas watches the movement.  “You, uh – you do?”
. He can’t let go of the tension that’s been with him for weeks, since the Empty stole him away, probably since Cas pulled him up from Hell in the first place.
Cas raises a mild brow that they both know is designed to make Dean sweat. “My apologies,” he says, flat, because he’s not sorry at all, the little shit. “You had a point to all this, then?”
“I got him back,” replies Dean, firmly. That’s all that matters. That’s all that has ever mattered. He forces a grin on his face, and says, over whatever Sam fancies retorting, “Now, who’s hungry?”
He asks Cas to go out to get groceries by himself one morning, because he wants to be alone in his shame and his cleanse, and he works through the house. He gets rid of the whisky and the beers and even the tequila he says he’s saving for a party but never hosts one. He finds old hip flasks, passed down from his dad and Bobby and Rufus and Mom too, and throws them all as well. Fuck that particular sentiment – he has other legacies he’d rather hold onto. He chucks them all into the garbage can outside and doesn’t know what to feel, so he waits inside for Cas to get home and just wraps his angel in a tight, face-hiding hug the second he walks in the door.
Cas pauses in stirring his peppermint tea. Dean notices there’s another mug beside it, probably with chamomile for Dean. He tilts his head. “Whose number?”
Dean swallows back everything he was going to say, all the indignation and anger and swagger. He lets out a deep breath. What can you say to that? Except, sincerely, “I’m sorry.”
them, not either of them, not even Cassie anymore, but there’s a sentiment ricocheting in his head like a loose bullet, and it goes something like
Eileen is looking at him like he has either recently hit his head or is being deliberately stupid. He decides to fucking get out of this conversation before she starts to elaborate, and he says, “Speaking of Jo -”
She laughs. “Come on. Cas, obviously. Or,” she clicks her fingers into guns that point at him. “Are you waiting for the right moment to tell him?”
“Dean,” Cas says again, sounding like his heart is breaking, right there in between them both. “Dean, that’s all I’ve ever wanted. Just you.”
Cas’s gaze like fingertips across his skin. Both have the same effect on him, like a full-body shiver that never fulfils, never settles.
Dean tries to answer honestly, and picks at a torn thread on his jeans as he admits, “Meg pissed me off. I didn’t like her hands on you, or the way she kissed you. I don’t know. At the time, I thought that was from, like, a moral perspective. Didn’t want anyone messing you up.”
Sam shrugs. “We’ve had those before. Literal Hell couldn’t keep us apart – I don’t think Kansas traffic is going to do the job.”
“Maybe later,” says Dean around a yawn. He shuffles just enough to slump over Cas and line up their bodies as close as possible, clinging to him. He's allowed a good cuddle, he figures. “Let me bask for a little bit.”
“Kaia and Claire found a cursed object in Nevada,” sighs Sam, and Dean drops the peeler onto the countertop.
Or, worse: “I think the bedroom should be the colour of your soul when satiated, Dean. It would match the rug we got from the market.”)
“Okay, okay, don’t freak out!” Dean hurries. Fuck. “I’m just going to-” and he does, pulling the towels away to reveal the black cloud masquerading as his best friend.
His eyebrows shoot up in mock-alarm. “Not sure your girlfriend would be happy with how we last said goodbye, Cassie-” and she slugs him in the shoulder to shut him up, before moving over to give Cas a tight hug and whisper something to him.
He doesn’t mention that his booked-off leave technically finished yesterday, and he had to call in sick for the rest of the week. He told Rosanna he’d caught some awful Floridian stomach bug on the way back home from the beach – he thinks she heard the hangover in his voice and let him have another few days off anyway. Whatever. He’ll work overtime when he goes back and make up the hours. It’s not like he needs the money, or he’s got anything else to do with his time.
For a moment, Dean is filled with doubt. This coat - it's meant a lot. Sometimes, it's been the only way to know it's truly Cas he's been talking to, rather than an amnesiac or a batshit version of himself or even fucking Lucifer. Sometimes, it's been the only thing left of him.
Dean takes a moment to respond. He tries to sort it all out in his head before he acts – it’s a brand new thing he’s trying.
Dean’s hands spasm as if throttling his baby brother’s neck. “Please, for the love of god, shut up.”
“No, I-” and here’s where they’re supposed to talk about it, right? The reason why Cas sacrificed himself. The reason why Dean almost did and will do in the future if needs be. Dean lets out a sigh and rubs a rough hand over his eyes. “I know. I know it wasn’t.”
He stands, and the crackle strengthens with the scent of lightning and burnt dirt. Just as it builds to a crescendo, he pushes away from the table and runs for the cutlery drawer, pulling out the Smith & Wesson they keep there, spinning back around with it cocked and steady.
Dean leans close, and his right hand trails a deliberate path along Cas’s thigh, and he stops just an inch from Cas’s lips. Their breath mingles for a moment, and then Dean says, “I want you to come home. I want
Cas looks a little starry-eyed but complies regardless. He shucks away the trench coat and then the suit jacket too, and starts to fidget with his tie, the knot tightened by Dean’s previous yanking. He seems to have forgotten about the whole angel-mojo, snap-of-the-fingers deal, but Dean is loathe to remind him, not when he’s got front row tickets to this particular show. Cas tries to multi-task, tries to kick off his Oxfords at the same time as yanking at his shirt buttons, and he tries to pull the shirt over his head too soon, and gets a little stuck in the arms and the collar.
Dean presses his lips together, and then says, “Yeah. I know.” He fiddles with his beer bottle for a little while longer, pulling at the label and leaving behind the glue’s residue. The label scrunches in his hand, and he asks before he even realises he’s going to, “Did you know? Before I told you about Cas and I, before he came back from the Empty. Did you know about us?”
She rolls her eyes. “If you show up on Monday, sure. But you’re in charge of washing it – I know what you mechanics are like.”
He finds Cas standing stock still, surveying the garden. Dean did his best to keep it cared for and made sure to fix the netting secure each night, but it still looks a little sad compared to how it usually thrived under Cas’s care.
Dean leans back just enough to look Cas in the eye, to reach and caress the side of his face. He nods. “Yeah, I’m sure. I want you.”
“Don’t you want to read the instructions?” Sam says, picking up a thin paper leaflet and waggling it in Dean’s direction.
Dean scoffs. Played your hand too early, there, Sammy. If he’d waited for Dean to sober up just a little bit more, that might have hurt him. Or, he could have interrogated Dean a little harder, and then countered with what Cas said, caught Dean in a lie. But this? This, Dean expected. Of course, the two of them have been gossiping behind his back.
He blindly throws out his hand - and Cas catches it, holds it. “You’re very welcome, Dean.” Cas squeezes his hand, dry and warm, once, before standing. “I am going to bed now. Would you like me to open the bar up in the morning?”
Dean winces. Cranky Cas has arisen. “Sure. Sometimes. And it you know what, it always helped when I did.” He scratches along Cas’s scalp. “Come on, sweetheart, talk to me.”
Dean until they both calm down. Dean doesn’t know how much Cas knows about the terror, because such terror also prevents him from talking about it.
“Yeah,” Sam nods. “And sometimes she has to tell me to back off, too. And we’ve been married four years, so I think we’re doing something right.”
Dean scrunches his eyes tight and falls back, like diving into the ocean backwards. He keeps hold of the static and holds it against his chest, and just thinks
“So how are these souls being sorted?” asks Sam, with a gleam in his eyes Eileen and Dean have long-since nicknamed Research-Mode.
There are accidents, and errors, and arguments, of course. One time Dean drops a hammer on his foot and breaks the bones, and on another occasion almost falls back onto a protruding nail that threatens to spear his lungs. On both occasions, Cas is there with a healing blast of grace or a stern word about Dean’s sense of self-preservation (or both).
He only gets a few minutes of peace before he hears the backdoor swing open. He groans, lets his chin hang to his chest. “I’m
(He catches himself, on one such trip, staring up at an array of drill bits, and thinking – wishing – he had Bobby here to teach him this stuff. He spent summers helping on the cars of the scrapheap, and occasionally Bobby would get him to help around the house. But the memories are hazy, lost to the thirty years since, and now Dean has to rely on paid strangers and YouTube videos. Which – it’s fine, he can cope, but for that moment, he’s allowed to wish. To remember.)
Cas’s chin ducks down to his own chest as he just stays there for a moment, catching his breath. Dean wonders if it feels as important for Cas as it does for Dean, and then Cas looks up to catch his eye and Dean gets the confirmation that it does. Cas knocks his head against Dean’s, and then he starts to thrust, shaky and awkward and all the better for it, Each snap of his hips sends electricity darting through Dean, until he doesn’t know what’s Cas’s grace and what’s simple lust and what's just
With everything that’s happened, despite being glued to the TV screen when awake, Dean abruptly realises he’s missed an episode of
Dean groans and drags a hand down his face. He can picture a chore chart stapled to the fridge all too easily – Dean in charge of the dishes, house maintenance, and cooking, while Cas just has ‘Heavenly custody’ on his side – and it’s vastly irritating that he finds the image endearing.
“Right,” says Sam. “Anyway, I went back to Florida for spring break one year, at college, with some friends. Jess’s idea, probably.”
they’ve brought in a childhood friend of Dr Sexy’s, Teddy, who’s been ill all season with a mysterious disease even Dr Sexy can’t understand. Personally, Dean thinks he’s being systematically poisoned by Chief Nurse Celia, out of revenge for that time last season when Dr Sexy-
Dean avoids wincing and instead simply jerks a thumb back over his shoulder to the house. “Back in the kitchen cursing my name, I expect.”
. Dean nods and goes back to peeling the potatoes. He feels a weird churning in his gut. He should be still hunting, really. He’s playing house, with a job and a house and a – well, not a
“The same thing you are!” She snaps back. She's probably been anticipating his bad mood as soon as he turned up.“Investigating a case.”
He sits, and Cas’s arm falls away. He pushes the sheets away from his naked skin and plants his feet on the ground. He chances a look behind him and stares at the man dozing beside him.
The option in question has a nice smile, with white teeth and stretched lips. He’s objectively attractive, with sun-bleached hair and deep brown eyes. In his profile, he declares he loves good beer and vintage music and beach trips. Dean’s thumb hovers above the ‘no’ option, a red X button.
Dean had blinked, and croaked out that he needed to think about it. It was Cas who found him hours later, head in his hands on the couch, four hours before he needed to get back to work to help kids who reminded him of Sam, kids he couldn’t save because of fucking paperwork, kids who spat at him for suggesting they get therapy.
“You see, recently, there’s been new feelings I can no longer ignore.” Dean remembers this speech. Hell, he’s made this speech before.  That doesn’t stop the weird emotion creeping over him, somewhere between adrenaline and panic, which doesn’t make any
Cas nods, and reaches into the glove box. He pulls out a tin box and thumbs the lid open, revealing their typical slew of IDs. Dean feels nauseous just looking at it and distracts himself by climbing out of the car.
But Dean won’t let him. He kisses Cas and starts to walk them backwards, away from the door and towards the bed. Cas goes willing, and Dean sucks on Cas’s bottom lip until he’s mute and panting, and then twists to kiss Cas’s earlobe.
The high points of Cas’ cheekbones glow a little pink, but he otherwise is undeterred. “I haven’t seen you drive her once since I came back.”
“You have to promise not to leave. Okay? Not even – I mean, dude, we’re taking grocery shop trips together for the foreseeable future. If you have to go back to Heaven, you come back within the hour. Cas, you have to
“Yeah,” he says, nodding. He didn’t sleep much last night – he’s a little hyper. “I mean – maybe I should take some time to think about it. But it just – it feels – it makes
He says, “I don’t know how to want things. And I’ve wanted you for so long that I didn’t even realise I did. And that’s the truth, Cas. I’ve wanted you far more than I ever thought I could deserve you.”
Sam shakes his head, and marches forward. He picks the books out of Cas’s hands, lands them onto the table, and then pulls Cas into a tight hug. After a second, Cas hugs back. Dean carefully does not examine the warmth in between his lungs at the sight.
Cas presses a kiss against the nape of Dean’s neck, and then the hand on his abdomen sinks lower to wrap around Dean’s cock. Dean doesn’t bite back his groan in time, and it reverberates through them both. Cas starts to pump his dick, and he speeds up his thrusts, his hips slapping into Dean’s ass on each pump. He tilts just right and skates across that magic button inside of Dean, and he whispers, hot breath skating across Dean’s ear, “Let it go. Come whenever you want, my love.”
Dean nods. “Yeah. Yeah, I have.” He fumbles his hand forward to grab onto Cas’s. “So, here. I promise not to push you away again. How about that?”
There’s a scene where Teddy – Dr Sexy’s old friend who he’s been treating for a mysterious disease – suddenly grabs Dr. Sexy’s labels and plants a dirty, passionate kiss on him, and- and Dr. Sexy kisses
Dean pulls Cas out of the bath, and wraps him into a clean towel, and deposits him on a nearby laundry basket. “Stay there,” he warns, with a pointed finger. “I need to wash this shit off as well.”
“Ah!” Dean gasps, half-sitting up to throw a careless hand into Cas’s hair. Cas bobs his mouth and Dean loses all sense of time and reality in his wet heat. Tension curls in his gut, and he’s saying nonsense words garbled between hitching breath, and then Cas lets him go with a swirl of his tongue.
“Lighting won’t change the fact that your Beyonce playlist needs a hundred per cent more Creedence Clearwater than it currently has. Driver picks the music-”
A muscle spun across Cas’s temple tightens, just infinitesimally, and he squeezes Dean’s fingers. “Well,” he says. “I like them. Thank you.”
Ten minutes later, he snatches the leaflet from Sam’s know-it-all hands, ignoring the smug expression on his face and grumbling about fucking screws and jammy shelves.
“Yep,” Dean agrees happily. They lie there for a little bit longer in silence, and then Dean realises he has never actually asked. “So, what is it like in Heaven?”
“Well,” Dean shrugs uncomfortably, not really sure he deserves such a look for kind of doing the bare minimum. “What did
Dean wants him closer, and he tries to hitch his legs up higher, but he’s a forty-two year old with bad knees who spent the week on the couch, so he winces at the stretch of his hips. Cas notices, because he’s tuned in to Dean inside and out, now, and pauses in between one thrust and the next. “No, no, don’t stop,” demands Dean, hands squeezing around Cas’s arms.
“No!” The original brunette proves it by clicking her fingers and a pink spark emits from them. Dean scoffs at the bad FX, like real magic looks anything like that. The character lets out a sigh, and say, “Between Derek and I, I mean. The romance has just…fizzled out. I mean, we’ve only been dating a few months. But we’re not even having sex that often anymore.”
“Only a second, by human standards,” Cas assures, gentle as he searches Dean’s eyes right back. Dean can’t look away. He should embrace Jack, too, fuck knows he missed the kid, but he can’t let go. His hands will not physically detach from the proof of life in front of him, the touch of soft-scratch-warmth. “It took Jack a celestial few years to repair all that Chuck had twisted – re-establishing boundaries between Heaven and Hell and Earth, rebuilding reapers and angels, and eventually pulling me from the Empty. It did not really want to let me go.”
Dean swallows his tongue. “Right.” His gut simmers warm and tight. He- he’s so easy. He clears his throat, and says, “Drinks and a drive-in sounds good. We haven’t been out in a while.”
The lights turn off, and a bedside lamp switches on, and Dean’s abruptly glad Cas is still an angel. There’s about half a foot between them, and it feels too much, but Dean doesn’t know how to cross it.  His whole body is strung tight as a wire, and he twists onto his side to see Cas already there, watching him. Blue eyes filled by large pupils, reflecting the lamp’s warm shine.
Dean opens his arms as soon as soon as Cas chucks the cell phone away, landing on the other side of the coffee table. Cas lets out a gust of air and sinks into him, resting his head on Dean’s collarbone as Dean wraps his arms around him.
“I agree,” says Dean, though it comes out tense. Yes, he agrees it is a very worthy way for Cas to use his time. Unfortunately, he still thinks the time spent in Dean’s bed is far more important, so, seems they’re at an impasse here.
For a moment, Rowena looks like she wants to throttle him. She breathes out harsh through her nose, and says, “I have not had to educate a forty-year-old man about sexuality in
Cas pulls off from Dean’s cock, hand and stomach spattered with Dean’s cum, and he licks a drop from the pad of his thumb.
“Tell you what,” he says, standing, as two firemen on TV get into an oiled-up wrestling match (over a mug? He thinks?). “What about we get drunk off scotch for now?”
“It was dark, dude, I don’t know. Tall, but like, not in an attractive way. Quite pale. Strange eyes, kind of green but again, not in an attractive way. Like, yellow-green.”
Something grips him then and doesn’t let up until he’s home. He parks the pick-up truck and walks into the library, where, as hoped for, Cas is catnapping in sunshine with a copy of
He looks down at his dick and tries not to feel like a failure. This was supposed to – well, maybe not solve
“Guh,” says Cas, and Dean huffs a laugh against the whorl of his ear, and Cas shudders, and the movement against his junk makes Dean let out a pant of his own. “Dean, fuck.”
Cas lets out a small noise, from the back of his throat, and Dean kisses it away, his hands clasping Cas’s face tight to keep him where he wants. He licks into Cas’s mouth, and the kiss twists desperate and frantic. Cas’s hands claw symbols into Dean’s back and he sighs a hopeless, “
“I know,” replies Dean, because he does and he’s not particularly proud of it. “But fuck you too. What, is this gang-up-on-Dean day? Why is no one else seeing how ridiculous this is?”
“You still have the map and locations of the victims up in your room?” At her confirmation, he says, “We just need to look for somewhere between them, easy to travel to but undisturbed and abandoned for at least thirty years. They tend to wait a couple of decades between feeding, so it needs to be close enough to humans to run quickly back to, but lonely enough to be left alone for their hibernation.”
Cas’ room is full of plants, and books, both of which Dean would expect. But he continues to be surprised by other additions. Small paintings bought from local artists, and another wood carving from his class (this time of a daisy flower). He has a vinyl player, next to which rest some records Dean and others have bought for him over the years, trying to expand his pop culture knowledge. He has a rug across the floor from Ikea, and his bedsheets are a deep, olive green.
It takes Dean a second to remember what even happened last night, apart from his conversation with Rowena. The reminder of Eileen’s decorations makes him cringe. “I’m fine.”
Eileen swings by in the mid-morning for their customary Saturday brunch, which is usually just having too much caffeine for their own good and bitching lovingly about Sam. He pours creamer in his coffee and brown sugar in hers, and waits for the inevitable.
Cas looks back up and fixes him with an unreadable expression. “You love driving the Impala,” he says.
“The girls have been helping too. We have the document on the cloud, so we can all edit it from wherever. Kaia’s been adding some stuff, and Patience too. Eileen and Garth and Jesse have all been sending emails.” Sam’s hands gesture as his enthusiasm ramps up. “It’s like – it’s like this is what the hunting community should have been all along. Imagine all the time we could have saved – the people too – if we had been able to ask someone other than Bobby.”
Cas goes pale with fury. Dean rolls his shoulders, ready for a fight. His cheek is aching for Cas to punch it.
“Right, well.” And that’s all Dean’s got. Luckily, they pull back into their home, and he says, “Welcome home, honey.”
“Good,” says Dean, gruffer than he means, and ducks his shin at Cas’s knowing expression. “Go on then, you wait on the couch, and I’ll bring them over. PB&J, yeah?”
Dean is rapidly losing control of this conversation. He squeezes Cas’s thigh in somewhere between a warning and also because he can’t
Dean grins as Cas struggles, and he takes advantage of Cas’s sudden blindness to kiss the slivers of skin revealed, hands skating up his sides to ostensibly help but really to touch as much tan skin as possible. Cas flinches at each touch, and slows in his ministrations, distracted as Dean touches and kisses whatever he can reach.
He knows he’s not making much sense. He’s supposed to be cool about this, he knows. Accepting. He wasn’t like this when Kevin came out as trans, or Charlie told him she was gay. It’s just – shit. The idea pings around in his brain like a tennis ball.
When she lets go, the two speak fast in sign language, until she starts crying and punches him on the shoulder. She then pulls Jack into just as tight of a hug, ruffles his hair, and then she flops back onto Sam’s lap to curl up on him, smiling through her tears. “It’s good to see you both again,” she says out loud for the rest of them (mainly Dean, who’s still learning his basic ASL vocab. So, sue him, he’s been a little preoccupied recently.)
“You’re coming over every week for dinner,” warns Dean. “And once you get a house of your own, I’m coming to help exorcise it.”
The silence continues, permeating in the darkness of the unlit apartment, until the door suddenly swings open and Dean has to catch on the arch to stop himself falling forward. There’s the flick of a switch, and the bedroom light illuminates them both from within, and Dean squints against it.
Cas twitches, just minutely, and maybe Dean wouldn’t have felt it if they weren’t bodily pressed against each other, just as Kirk gets his yellow jersey top ripped
They hit the wall with a thud, and Dean’s dick and heart rate agree on the zero to hundred miles per hour shift. He barely has time to pull in a breath before Cas is kissing him, desperate and swollen and sliding, one hand holding his jaw open for his taking. He lays claim to Dean’s mouth and Dean lets him. He goes limp, lets the weight of Cas nail him to the wall. His hips thrust up into the air, dick pointed straight up to its new owner. “Fuck,
He pulls Cas out into the hallway – which, Sam can probably still hear them if he wanted to, but whatever. “Dean, I know I promised not to leave, but-”
“I’m getting that,” says Dean, and then lets out an embarrassing mewl as Cas twists on the upstroke and Dean sees stars. Cas jacks him, tight and fast and desperate, and occasionally they’re kissing, if kissing can just be sliding desperate open mouths against each other, slutty and gasping.  Cas swipes a thumb across Dean’s head, pressing on the slit and collecting the precum escaping there, and Dean moans around Cas’s tongue.
There’s a crackle that skitters through the air and tugs goosebumps up on his skin. He puts down the sandwich he’s only a bite into, and looks around, tensing for a fight. It feels powerful, whatever it is. Sam’s in the library, Eileen’s out of town, and Miracle is taking a nap on one of the spare beds. He doesn’t call out for any of them.
“That’s beautiful,” Charlie says, and Dean’s ears go red as he sees the others are all looking. He pushes the embarrassment away, though, so he can agree with her. Cas deserves compliments, and Dean is trying to get better at giving them.
to deserve me. I have done countless terrible things. I have waged heavenly civil war and I’ve killed and betrayed and- and my desire for you is selfish and it always has been. I
“I’m sure I can learn.” Cas says it as if it’s obvious, and Dean presses his grin against Cas’s skin.
Cas’s eyes go narrow. “I can assure you,” he says venomously. “You are the one being moronic. And bullish.
His hand raises, trembling, to wipe over his mouth, caught somewhere between horror and contained blankness. “This whole thing,” he says, so carefully like if he isn’t he’ll break, and Dean’s breaking in half right there with him. “Us – our home – this whole life – is because
Dean swallows. He tries to think of the right thing to say and decides to go for honesty. “I would have loved to wear your grace,” he says. “And I love you as a human or angel or in between.”
Shrugging, Sam looks out at the field. “Well. Some of it is private. It’s ours to work out. That’s the point of loving each other, right? That all the nasty stuff comes out alongside the good.”
, of Cas’s cock pressed up against his, and he can’t help but fuck into the clutch of Cas’s palm, and they’re barely kissing now but at least they’re breathing the same hot, heady air.
Bill rolls his eyes, and tells the group, “It was a ’78 Chevy. How the hell are you supposed to hide a truck in the garage, especially when your missus can sniff out vintage wheels like a bloodhound?”
The rest of the bar is quiet, watching them, and Dean shakes his shoulders out, moving to right the skidded table. Chatter resumes, just in time to lull underneath a change on the jukebox.
“I’ll take her to the shop, sure.” Even as he splutters, she snatches the keys from his grasp, and winks. Her dark liner is painted across her eyelid. “You’re so generous. See you guys later!”
And then that’s Cas’s bare chest, which he’s seen before, but now he has permission to look, to do touch. Tan skin, broad and muscular. Shadows of dark hair along the curve of his pecs and further south. Dean’s reaching out, stuck on the sight, before he redirects for the sake of decency and clasps onto the muscle between his neck and shoulder. His thumb strokes the meat there.
He doesn’t know what country Cas is actually from - he thinks it’s Russia, but Cas, for whatever reason, doesn’t like to talk about it. He knows his name was Castiel Milton (Castiel Winchester, now), but he doesn’t know what kind of parents name their kid after the saint of Thursdays. He doesn’t know how old, exactly, Cas is, but he says his birthday is September 19th, so that’s what they’ve been celebrating for ten years now.
“Because I pissed you off! I shouldn’t have – I don’t know, made the moves on you when Cassie was in the other room. Or – was I being homophobic? I don’t know.”
“Well,” says Dean, without an end to the sentence at all. He, instead, finishes lamely, “If you insist, I guess.”
“Yeah, mostly,” he says, more honest than he means to as they trudge through the sewer pipes. He tries not to think about Sam and Cassie discussing him, else his temper climbs furious again. “After the whole God thing – after we got Cas back – I just didn’t have the energy for it. Maybe it was selfish.”
Eileen watches all this with a bemused expression, and then says to Dean, “In all fairness, we shouldn’t have been surprised. You two already act like a married couple.”
The table tease them when they return, and Dean’s happy for the excuse, pretends to be bashful like he and Cas just can’t keep their hands off each other. He has beer after beer until they all part ways, until he has to lean on Cas all the way home as he drives the Impala back.
“I thought about it, you know.” Cas shrugs the shoulder Dean isn’t resting his chin on. “Giving up my grace. Maybe bottling it up and asking if you would do me the honour of wearing it around your neck. But – it’s
“And a few firewomen,” Eileen explains. She then makes a crude gesture with her fingers – Dean’s still learning his ASL, but he doesn’t need a YouTube video for the meaning of
Dean switches off the TV in a panic, as fast as if a ghoul had appeared behind it and the remote was a gun. He looks around, but Miracle is still asleep, and also a dog, so probably not an accurate witness. He swallows and flexes his fingers on his thighs to untighten them.
Dean leans closer. He can’t not. “I think about you too. I think about – god, Cas, the things I’ve imagined. I’ve just been too chicken-shit to-”
Cas responds to that by shaking his hair like a dog, spraying Dean with droplets of ocean and making him laugh out loud.
Something shivers across Cas’s face, something hot and lustful, covetous and selfish. “Then I’d like to take you upstairs. To our bed.”
Dean looks up and says to the ceiling, “Thanks, buddy.” He gives Cas a second to move, and then stands. He scurries over to the wardrobe and slides into fresh boxers. It’s not – he’s not ashamed of his body. It’s not like that. Then he realises he’s being weird. His panic itself is weird – what, does he think Cas is just going to jump him as soon as he sees dick? Is that homophobic?
“And then, what?” Dean can’t let him finish. He clambers to his feet, stands tall above Cas. “And then I apparently blinked wrong, and you decided to cockblock yourself? Do they not have common blowjob etiquette in Heaven? Tell you what, here’s tip number one – if someone’s sucking your dick, you don’t stop them to offer some fucking critique!”
Dean and Cas both ignore him. “Cas. Buddy,” says Dean. “If you looked like a lion, I would call you a lion. You don’t. You look like a walking advert for alien cat litter. Ergo,
Back at the shed, he pulls the coat onto their day's project - it's a tight squeeze, and he winces at the sound of a few hems ripping. But he manages to get it on, and he ties down the hat too to keep it stable. He stands back. Perfect.
“I wanted to say goodbye before I left.” It sounds rehearsed. Dean wonders if that’s what Cas has been doing while he waits for Dean to make the eight-hour drive. Going over the best way to phrase the breaking of Dean’s heart.
Finally, his vision clears enough for him to realise – fuck, they’re back. He spins, rests onto his knees, and looks around for that fucking trench-coat.
“So for that matter, I would like to be clear: I would be very happy to spend the rest of your human life as we are. Friends who can rely on each other. Or, as we were, living together and building a home together. You do not need to serve me, or complete sexual favours for me. I don’t want that, and you must not do anything like that again.” Something flutters across Cas’s face, something like a blush, but it’s gone before Dean can seize it. He says, “However, also for the sake of honesty: I find you extremely attractive and would very much like to have sex with you, in whatever form you prefer.”
Sure enough, later that evening, Cas comes through the bar doors with something that looks like seaweed dripping down his arms and swinging past his hips. Dean pauses in drying a glass to watch him come close. His smile twitches in a threat to stretch wider.
He doesn’t stick around in the morning, and goes to meet Benny instead. He finds him at the farmer’s market, at his fresh fish stall. He’s accustomed to the stink by now, the one that permeates his clothes as Benny stands up to hug him tight. “Glad you came,” says Benny, as he pulls another fold-up chair out for Dan to sit at.
Cas and Dean have worked out their own system of being able to play while still working. They stay at the bar and serve customers, handling the rush in between the rounds especially. Meanwhile, Jo and Sam sit at the bar with the sheet of paper to write the answers down.
But then Cas reaches up and starts to trail a feather-light pattern on Dean’s arm, on his bicep before his t-shirt hides it away. Goosebumps follow his touch, like every cell of Dean can’t help but turn to Cas.
Dick looks like he’s gearing up for a retort, but then the doors open and Jody, bless her heart, comes walking through, with Donna as her back-up. “Alright, boys?” she calls, striding forward. “I take it this is our troublemaker?”
Eventually, they learn as much as they’re going to from two dead guys and a queasy mortician (which, come on dude, it’s in the job description) and make their way out with a promise to keep the local five-o up to date on their investigation.
“Cas wants to buy an allotment for next spring,” offers Dean, and then immediately wishes he hadn’t. He folds his arms, and slouches in the chair.
Dean lets that sit for a moment, before he shrugs, and jokes, “Well, there’s probably some things in your marriage that might not be applicable for me and Cas.” At Sam’s blank look, Dean makes a crude gesture involving a pointed finger and the other hand curling to make an ‘o’.
Dean completes a short course to get his basic car mechanic qualifications. Sam offers to fake the certificate, but Dean won’t let him, says he needs to make sure he’s not missing anything. And anyway, he says with a smirk, “It’ll be great to show up the teacher if they get anything wrong.”
Miracle makes a small sound and Dean realises he’s clutching his fur too tight. He forces his hand to ease up and brings it to wipe over his mouth.
There comes a knock on the door, and then Cassie’s voice, tentative as it breaks through the awful fucking silence inside the motel room, “Dean? You said you found something out about the case?”
