“Is there anything I’m allowed to do?” Steve questioned, raising a brow at the omega.
“Why would I ever not agree to that?” Tony smiled, and dropped his head to the alpha’s neck, sucking a bruise there. His hands roamed along the length of Steve’s arms, soft against the solid bulk of those strong muscles.
Steve picked him up and held him flush against his chest, craning his neck to kiss him deep and hungry. It had been a long time since Tony had the shaggy feel of his alpha’s strong chest against his back, and it was awesome. Tony’s hand drew up to settle in those blonde locks, tugging them just a little to make the alpha keep kissing him. Steve’s hands were busy feeling up Tony’s abs and chest, and teasing his nipples every now and then.
Tony woke up about an hour later, blinking open his eyes with a lazy yawn. He saw Steve looking at him with a soft smile. “What are you looking at?” he asked with a sleepy smile.
Tony let out another whine at his alpha’s voice, shivers going down his spine as he tried to bury himself further into Steve’s warmth. He pulled at Steve’s hands so he could bring them up to place kisses on them, whenever he wasn’t moaning at the sensation of being filled.
“It’s nothing. I just don’t want to intrude on your family time,” Steve’s answer had been awkward at best.
Tony cupped his alpha’s face with both hands, moving the thumbs slowly, in feather-light touches. “You’re so handsome…” he couldn’t help admiring as he stared into those heavenly eyes, now with only the slightest hint of the baby blues he was used to seeing. He leaned in for a chaste kiss, soft, plump pairs of lips brushing against each other, “I love
“Such a needy alpha…” Tony giggled even as he pressed the head of Steve’s cock against his hole, stroking it slowly. The Super Soldier whimpered at the teasing, but was helpless against his restraints when all he wanted to do was have his dick inside Tony.
.” the last part was no more than a whine.
“Uh huh, then why don’t you change into something decent for him?” a snap of fingers, and Steve finds himself dressed in his tuxedo from the wedding day.
“Please fuck my mouth, omega.” Steve begged.
The next morning, Steve woke up to a slumbering Tony in his arms. He looked so beautiful when he was asleep, Steve could spend the whole day watching him just like that, or maybe paint a portrait. He’d actually had a lot of ideas for his paintings now, and he’d have to actually paint them sometime.
Steve couldn’t help the gasp that left his mouth as Tony stroked his dick, “Y…yeah, I love it.” he answered.
“Don’t you worry Sweetheart. You’re gonna be so sore, you ain’t moving a muscle for at least a week. That’s the only way you’ll let me take care of you as much as I want.”
“I do like my villainous origin backstory. But you…” Tony pointed at Steve, “Innocent? Steve Rogers, the self-proclaimed ‘depraved’ alpha?” he emphasized the word with air quotes, giggling all the while, “Innocent? I don’t believe you.” Steve had confessed to him once upon a time that he was definitely not the innocent guy history loved to portray him as, and Tony was enjoying using the alpha’s own words against him.
“You love him,” Natasha had stated matter-of-factly.
“But they do! And they look so…so…sexy.” Tony bit his lower lip suggestively. He walked over to his alpha, needing his closeness and touch. “Everything about you is sexy, my alpha, even if you find it embarrassing. Don’t let anyone tell you otherwise, least of all yourself.”
Steve knew he was going to agree to the offer the moment it fell out the omega’s mouth, but he wanted to exert what little control he had over the night, so he made a show of
Steve Rogers always knew he’d outlive nearly everyone he held close to his heart, somewhere in the back of his mind. He’s never been brave enough to admit it to himself, in spite of the glaring evidences right before him. He knew one in particular would break his heart beyond any chance of recovery, and yet, he did his best to keep those thoughts away. His Ma had told him a few days before she’d passed, to cherish every moment you have with your loved ones, no matter how long before you get to join them once again.
“Alpha…” whimpered Tony, “more…please…” his voice begged.
“But first, rings.” Tony points at Steve’s chest, where the wedding rings hang, the same ones made of metal from Steve’s shield and Tony’s Iron Man armor.
Tony keened in pleasure as Steve’s knot swelled up inside him, and the knot was enough to send him into a frenzied orgasm of his own, though there was nothing more than just a few drops left. The omega passed out for good this time, and wouldn’t wake until the next day.
“We got all night, Sweetheart.” Steve assured, even as he increased the speed of his thrusts. “I’m gonna fuck you so hard, you ain’t gonna be able to move a muscle.” he added in a rumble.
Tony realized that he may just have been crossing a line there, so he decided to extend the line instead of taking back his words, “Will you do it if I do it with you?” he offered.
“Nothing. Please carry on.” Tony urged, voice squeaky and high.
It’s been two decades since he lost the love of his life, his Tony. Oh, how he loved that man, that miracle, he still does, and cherishes the fact that it hasn’t gotten any lesser. He remembers his husband smiling up at him for the last time from his deathbed. The image will forever be painted in his mind, like the masterpiece it was. Tony looked just as handsome as he did every single day that he lived. Steve remembers the weak grip he held his hand in, yet radiating strength he never thought he could ever have within him.
“We’re doing that now, huh?”
“Uncle Bucky called to say you didn’t join him for your daily chess game… are you okay?”
Steve thrust up into Tony, each stroke brushing against the omega’s prostate. “Omega!” he gasped as he felt himself tipping over into his orgasm.
The way Tony’s pupils blew wide was enough of an answer for Steve. “I guess I could use a small stay-at-home vacation.” Tony mused.
Steve only nodded, both of them bursting into laughter a moment later.
“What do you think?” Steve shot Tony a smug smile.
Tony was, for all purposes, incoherent; he had been that way for hours now. “Nn…knot me…
“Uh huh, Captain America can punish me anytime he likes.” Tony teased Steve’s lower lip with a finger, “How does Captain America want to punish me?”
“Ah…Tony!” Steve moaned, “Harder!” he growled.
“You’re sexy yourself, you know that, right?” Steve murmured and leaned in for a kiss, languid and soft. His hands went to rest in the curve of Tony’s back, and the omega felt himself being pulled in further, pressed flush against his alpha’s chest, feeling the light graze of those wonderful hair on those tight, hard, bulging muscles. Steve’s cock was all hard and leaking, the only thing separating it from Tony being the very thin fabric of the panties the omega still had on.
“You are evil!” Steve snorted out a laugh, “See, this is how supervillains are born, out of torturing innocent superheroes.”
“So…” Steve began, turning a very cheeky look toward Tony, “I believe the last time we had sex, Captain America promised to avenge the torture you put me through.”
Tony did not need telling twice. He brought the head to Steve’s mouth, letting the warmth engulf it, and reveled in it for a moment. He grabbed Steve’s hair in his fists, and snapped his hips forward, burying himself into his alpha’s mouth to the hilt, and to his surprise, felt him gag around his cock. He was pretty sure his balls would have slammed against the Super Soldier’s chin had they been outside, and oh, that thought felt irresistibly erotic. Had Steve’s hands not been pinned against the headboard, Tony was sure they’d be massaging his ass right now, possibly even fucking his hole with those long fingers. He pulled out slowly, and found his cock drenched in the alpha’s saliva.
“You’re damn right.” Steve grunted and let Tony down on his feet. The next moment, the Super Soldier leaned in to press his lips to the omega’s in a hungry kiss, while his hands tried to unbutton the shirt. He was definitely focused on the kiss more than unbuttoning Tony’s shirt, because after a few minutes of fumbling around with those pesky things that wouldn’t come off, the alpha growled into the kiss, a deep rumble vibrating in his chest.
“I love you too, my gorgeous omega, my Mechanic.” Steve murmured, and planted a gentle kiss to the omega’s cheek.
“I should be offended that you’re noticing this just now.” Steve raised a brow.
Steve whirls around to see the love of his life standing right before him, dressed in the same tuxedo as their wedding day. He looks just as young. “There’s this guy I love. He’s my thing,” he answers, grinning from ear to ear.
Tony responded by yanking the alpha down for a very heated kiss. It was a quick jerk, so Steve fell on top of Tony, burying the petite omega under his two-hundred-and-sixty-pound weight. Tony found the air in his lungs get punched out of him, but couldn’t help but laugh at that. “How many orgasms do you think I can have before I pass out?”
…” Tony’s voice was somewhere between a whisper and a whimper, and that was all it took for Steve’s lips to crush against his.
He’s just done demolishing his last punching bag for the day and is busy unwrapping the bandages on his hands when he hears someone talk to him.
“Please what, alpha?” Tony looked up.
“Sir yes sir.” Steve raised his hands up in surrender as he backed away to the bathroom to get into his brand new stealth suit. He stepped out, wearing his stealth suit, but was not prepared to be met with the sight of his omega sprawled out on the bed, wearing nothing but a pair of bright red, lacy panties that left nothing for imagination, and of course, Steve’s dog-tags, which looked beautiful against the rosy skin of his chest. He felt something vibrate in his chest, and it took him a moment to realize the deep rumble had come from him.
Tony’s hands dropped down to unbutton Steve’s mint-green shirt, but the Super Soldier didn’t have the patience for him to undo them all, so he just ripped it off in one smooth motion, revealing the pure bulk of muscle, everything he had worked on in DC had definitely been fruitful.
“Really. But, I have to say there will be some avenging in the future.”
“Just what, Sweetheart?”
Steve had the omega sit up in his lap before kissing him hungrily. He pulled Tony flush against his body, hands wrapped snugly around him. The omega couldn’t stop grinding his slick holes against the alpha’s thick shaft, needing it inside him right away. Tony knew that wasn’t going to happen anytime soon, but well, a guy could dream. Steve was going to have his way with him, and he was going to take his own sweet time, and Tony couldn’t describe how excited he was about everything.
“Ye…ah…yes, omega.” Steve murmured. His hands rested on his thighs, and it was a struggle not to move them.
Steve watched his omega settle against the pillows upside down, and that image was so hot, he was definitely going to paint it someday. He flipped over on all fours and crept up to Tony, looming over him as the omega smirked at him. “Can I kiss you?” he asked.
“But I’ve been kissed by you, and that’s infinitely better than anything else.” Steve replied, eyes shining with earnestness.
“I’ll give you all you want, Sweetheart. You don’t even gotta ask.” Steve murmured, pushing his dick between Tony’s legs. He could feel his omega’s slick dribbling onto it as he slid forward.
“Aw come on!” Steve complained, loudly, “How am I supposed to get rid of this then?!”
“I do! A little too much. But, you’re killing me here, Tony.” Steve whined, “I’m gonna die here.”
“Avenging?” Tony looked curious.
“Alpha…” Tony whispered in Steve’s ear, “you wanted to massage my boobs, didn’t you?”
Seeing Tony use the stones, Steve could only question himself why he wasn’t there in his place. Mere hours ago, Tony had asked if he trusted him, and he had finally, after years, been the friend Tony deserved, and now even that was going to be ripped away from him.
Tony leaned in for a quick kiss, biting at Steve’s bottom lip. “You like that?” he smirked.
-----
“You got it.” Steve rumbled, and adjusted Tony so that the omega’s ass was right in his lap, “You ready?”
Tony buried his face in his alpha’s chest, taking in the musky, apple pie scent that was Steve. He placed wet, open-mouthed kisses wherever he could. He snuck a hand beneath the star to stroke the still hidden nipple while sucking on the one right before him. It was a toothy nip, making the alpha moan, placing his hands on the omega’s hips because he could no longer handle not touching him. Tony pulled away when he was satisfied the nipple was now a purple bruise, and he gave it one last stroke with his tongue, and Steve hissed above him as his grip on Tony’s hips tightened, sure to leave bruises later.
“Relax. I’m about to show you heaven without killing you.” Tony murmured, running a finger along the center of his chest, “Now, I believe I said something about letting you suck me off…” he trailed off, tapping his chin.
Tony whined when he felt his hole being stretched out once again by his alpha’s thumbs, and then he was being broached by his warm, wet tongue. “Alpha!” he cried out as Steve went deeper and deeper. It had been way too long since their last time and Tony had really missed feeling this way. Steve’s time in DC had been hard for both of them, but none of that mattered now; all that mattered was that they were together, having the time of their life.
As much as Tony wanted to stay that way for a little longer, Steve was way too big for his mouth and it was getting hard to breathe, though it was very much worth it. He pulled off with a gasp for air even as the shaft was tightly in his grip. “That…was awesome!” he panted.
“Maybe you’ll love this too then.” Tony cupped Steve’s tented crotch, stroking it languidly, making sure to tickle his balls too.
“Such a good alpha.” Tony smiled as he stood up to bring his dick close to Steve’s face, but just out of the alpha’s reach, “How do you want me?”
“Come on, let me get a taste of that delicious slick you’ve been leaking all over me.” Steve murmured, settling Tony down on all fours on the bed, and moved behind him, hands gripping those perfectly round globes. He spanked them both a few times, making the omega whimper, before he brought his mouth to that tight rim of muscle, giving it an experimental lick, causing Tony to shiver as he tasted the rosy flavor of his omega’s slick.
“Sweetheart, are you okay?” Steve called, and received an unintelligible mumble in answer, though it was good, because his omega wore a dopey, satisfied smile on his face.
“Ma’am, I…” Steve had tried explaining, but Pepper held up a hand, making him shut up.
“Boobs!” Steve gasped desperately at Tony’s continuing ministrations, “Boobs! I wanna massage your boobs.”
“I’ll tell you when you’re up. Though I can’t say for sure the number’s gonna be right.” Steve answered with a greedy smile on his face.
“Not a word, alpha. Not a single word.” Tony grinned up at Steve mischievously, earning him a yearning growl in return. He stood up, flexing his lean muscles, and strode over to the alpha, swinging his butt in a way that had the Super Soldier struggling to keep his hands to himself. He could see the tent in Steve’s suit pants, and cupped his erection in a hand, stroking it languorously. “You like it? I’m asking about the suit.” he looked up at Steve, eyes dancing with mischief.
Tony couldn’t help feeling shy at the praise. They had known each other for over two years now, and were in courtship for one-and-a-half, and even the simplest of praises from his alpha had him blushing like a virgin. “Flatterer.”
Tony’s voice did things to Steve. Even normally, his voice was sweet enough to make his alpha mind swoon over him, but this kind of talk was just heavenly. The alpha let out a rumble, cock twitching against the omega’s ass.
“I sure did, but rules are rules,” Tony leaned down to brush his lips against Steve’s, and pulling away when he tried kissing him, “and Captain America is a stickler for rules, isn’t he?” he added with a smirk.
A while later, Steve began thrusting into his omega faster than before, quick shallow thrusts, and would pull out almost completely on occasion and thrust back in with full force. Tony was too busy seeing stars to cry out in pleasure. That, or his throat had already gone sore from screaming. The alpha picked him up off the bed, and continued pounding into him as he held up the omega by his legs, pushing him down on his cock even further than possible.
Tony had started to get a little impatient, so he undid the rest of the zipper on the stealth suit, revealing the alpha’s body in all its magnificent, hairy glory. He probably hadn’t noticed it before, but Steve’s time training for hours and hours to kill time back in DC had done wonders to his already wonderful physique.
The moment those words fell on his ears, his mind was instantly thrown back to the day when he and Tony had first spoken. He had been so naïve back then, limiting who Tony was to only what he’d seen from Natasha’s grossly incomplete assessment, and the tabloids. He bites back a tear before he manages to offer an answer, “I wish I wasn’t, kid. I’m too spry for my own good,” he says as he finishes unwrapping the bandages. He hurries to tie up his hair and put on a tee before rushing out.
considering the offer for a whole minute before he agreed, “You start, then I’ll follow.”
Steve had spent all his time trying to help people. No one except Natasha knew it had all been something to keep his mind off Tony. She’d kept him posted about Tony’s life, the birth of his baby girl. Steve looked at how happy the three of them were in that short clip Rhodes had sent her, and his heart broke all over again. He wanted to feel happy for Tony finding some semblance of normalcy after the hell he’d been put through, but some selfish part of him wished he was in Pepper’s place.
“Please tell me you’re not done spanking me.” Tony spoke as he broke the kiss, voice almost begging.
“Mm…I love you too.” Tony murmured.
Beneath him Tony had the same thoughts running through his mind, their perfect wedding, and an even better life as mates.
This time, Steve was relentless with the spanking, and continued until Tony’s ass was beet red, and swollen, and sore. He even landed a few slaps right over his hole, which made the omega cry out around his dick, the vibrations sending excited shivers up and down his spine. He didn’t even realize it until he saw it with his eyes, but his dick was almost completely buried inside Tony’s mouth, something he thought would never be physically possible. Also, now that he was seeing it, he felt Tony’s teeth pressing down against his thick shaft, not enough to hurt, but it just felt so hot.
” he shouted as he came, knot swelling up inside his omega as he filled him up. It stunned him that even after coming countless times through the night, he still didn’t have a dry orgasm.
“Anything for you.”
“Good.” Tony whispered in a very sultry voice, then ran his fingers along Steve’s perfectly chiseled jawline, and pulled him down to press their lips together hungrily.
“Enough to break bones…” Steve stated matter-of-factly, “I don’t want you to hurt, Sweetheart.”
Sometime later, once Steve was satisfied Tony was loosened up sufficiently, he picked up the omega and adjusted him so that his face was buried into the mattress and ass raised in the air. He landed a few slaps, making Tony cry out in pleasure-pain, before settling down to eat him out.
“Do you want me to cry?!” Tony complained, “Because I swear I will have a breakdown right now if your dick is not inside me within the next thirty seconds.”
“Omega…” Steve moaned, “please…”
“Oh, I want it so bad,
“Do you want to touch my boobs? Or my abs? Or my butt? You can only choose one.” Tony smirked against his shoulder.
Steve, on the other hand was still pulsing inside the omega, filling him up with his hot seed. Tony felt every throb of his massive cock and knot. Steve slumped against the pile of pillows he rested against, and Tony finally let go of the alpha’s restraints as he sagged against his chest, feeling his alpha’s rapid heartbeat, and cock still pulsing inside him. He brought their foreheads together as an anchor, to calm down the alpha like he had done for the past year-and-a-half now.
“It’s going to get even better.” Steve assured, returning to his ministrations. His finger was buried to the knuckle and he only had to get it just a little crooked which had Tony keening in pleasure. The omega’s jaw hurt just a little from being stretched this far, so he resorted to stroking the massive shaft in his face and licking it, extending the same treatment to those balls dangling right there.
Steve raised an eyebrow in response. “You could have fallen and hurt yourself.”
Steve felt the omega’s hole clamp down around his cock, and he quickened his pace even more. It wasn’t long before the alpha came inside his omega with a shout, filling up his inside with his hot seed. Steve came for what had to be more than two minutes, each pulsation filling up his omega even more. He settled Tony down onto the mattress, and dropped himself on top of him, catching his breath while making sure not to throw his entire weight on the omega.
Steve wasn’t any better. One might think his hips were moving on autopilot. Tony’s words were all that he needed to let go. “
“Seriously Steve don’t worry, I’m fine! I promise.”
Tony Stark and it made his heart rate speed up, as well as his hand. He was so close and couldn’t help but whimper at how good it felt. Then there was a knock at the door and Tony’s voice immediately followed it. The sound of Tony’s deep, sexy -
“That’s a great name. May I ask one final question? If this stranger were to say something like ’Steve, I think you’re the most alluring, attractive, mysterious and erotic man I have ever met and I must make love to you immediately.’ What would you say?” Tony stared at the blonde.
They both laid there peacefully for a couple of minutes before Steve gave Tony a little kiss behind the ear.
Stark wasn’t just a ladies man though. It was known to most people that he was bisexual, considering he often didn’t make it back to a private place before diving on to his companions and one time he was caught with a guy in a small alleyway. Tony arguably preferred being with men but there was still so much hate towards gay relationships that most men wouldn’t accept an invitation from Tony even if they really wanted to (which, of course, they all did) because he was known to almost everyone in the town so they didn’t want to risk word spreading.
“I am not going to shimmy out of my pants.” Steve spoke firmly, crossing his hands over his chest, making his pecs bulge out even more, though the effect was dampened by his huge cock hanging out his zipper as it gave a twitch at the suggestion.
“I hate you…” Tony mumbled.
“Ooh, ooh! Fuck my mouth!” Steve jumped in immediately.
“Love it.” Steve groaned.
“Ah…” Steve gasped, “everywhere, omega.”
“I’m not Captain America in the bedroom.” Steve replied petulantly.
“Panties first.” Tony answered, “Then I’ll even let you suck me off.”
Steve almost cries as he slips the ring onto Tony’s finger, but Tony’s there holding his hand, and they finally kiss, their first kiss of the afterlife. Steve has waited to be home for the past thirty-five years, and he’s finally home.
“It’s true,” Steve had smiled.
“I want Tony to be happy, for once in his life. Yes, he has been happy with me and Morgan, but he still loves you, Captain. He has loved Steve Rogers since he was a teenager, in spite of his father. Mind you, I did not say Captain America, I said Steve Rogers. No one except Rhodey and I know, and now you. He still loves you, even after the history you two have. I will always love him, and I will always be his best friend, and the CEO of the company with his name on it. I am not saying he settled for me, but I’d like if the two of you gave it a try.”
“Only yours, my omega.” Steve sighed.
“You’re enjoying this.” Steve grinned as he landed another slap, echoing through the room.
Steve wants to tell him how someone reminded him of the first time he met Tony. “I’m okay,” he says instead, “let’s get home.”
“Let me fuck you, please.” the alpha whined urgently.
Steve was still panting as he grinned. “I told ya I’m gonna fuck your tight little hole all night. I ain’t gonna knot you until I’m exhausted. I can do this all night.”
Tony did manage to pass out, more than a few times actually, and he stopped counting his orgasms after he had a dozen of them. He wasn’t sure the last of Steve’s remaining brain cells could count either, not when his own last brain cell was working overtime keeping him awake. His cock was sore, his ass was sore from being spanked all night long, his hole was going to be sore for at least two weeks, but he still couldn’t be happier about it, because this might be the most erotic night in his life. Who would’ve thought Captain America would show him such a good time? Tony Stark did, that’s who.
“Are you sure?”
“Where do you want to touch me, alpha?” Tony asked, with a particularly hard squeeze to Steve’s chest.
Tony continued grinding on Steve’s cock, encouraging the alpha to thrust up into him. It was a great feeling, feeling the alpha’s slicked skin slapping against his own. There was a lot of slick and sweat, and it made their scents even stronger, intense. One hard thrust from the alpha, angled just right, and Tony was keening in pleasure.
When he finally reached his alpha’s huge cock, Tony took it in hand and stroked it along the whole length as he licked at the not-so-small bead of precome right on the tip. He sucked in the head, hollowing his cheeks to work it thoroughly.
Steve dropped a peck on Tony’s lips anyway, and moved lower to nuzzle the omega’s straining cock against the soft, delicate fabric of his panties. He could smell the roses from his omega’s slick here, and it made him feel lightheaded for a moment. Steve licked at the slit now leaking beneath the cock, and found the sweet taste of the omegas slick on his tongue. Tony let out a small gasp at the warmth of Steve’s tongue.
Tony’s face was contorted into one of pure bliss, possibly on the verge of passing out, and then Steve began to stroke his leaking erection. He might have handled it if it was just that, but no, Steve was also teasing his slit, parting the lips and pressing in his pinkie just enough to send shockwaves through the omega’s body. With that kind of stimulation, all it took was a few more strokes before Tony was spraying his come all over the bed with a scream of ecstasy.
“Shh…” Steve soothed, massaging Tony’s glutes, “Be patient omega. I’ll give you everything you want.” He massaged the globes, hands circling around, before he slapped a hand on one. Tony’s slick slathered all over made it even noisier than Steve expected, and his omega’s moan was most certainly rewarding. He slapped the other globe, and Tony moaned once again.
This whole experience was brand new for Tony and he was loving every bit of it. He’d fingered himself and used dildos but none of that compared to how it felt to actually have Steve inside of him. He’d had a crush on him since he was 14 and been in love with him since the moment he met him in person. This wasn’t just sex this was making love. A few tears started to roll down Tony’s face, for the first time in a long while he was truly happy. Steve felt the cool water hit his cheek and was slightly confused. He gave the hickey he’d just been giving Tony a little kiss before looking up at him. He immediately stopped moving when he saw that Tony was crying.
“I see that you agree…”
That’s it! Steve waned to fuck Tony, and he wanted to do it soon, so he got to work on loosening him up. He started off with a finger, slowly teasing the tight rim of muscle before he very slowly pushed in past the resistance. Tony groaned, and it made Steve’s hips push forward, and just like that, his entire length was buried inside the omega.
“You’re no fun.” Steve grumbled half-heartedly as he slapped Tony’s butt once again. Tony had only enough time to cry out before Steve buried the head of his cock inside him. The cry turned into a moan of pleasure as Steve penetrated him further, inch by inch. Once he was buried to the hilt, he noticed Tony breathing quicker than he should, and stayed there.
It’s a new kid, probably his first day at the gym. “You’re pretty spry, for an older fellow…” These days, Steve’s gotten used to people not recognizing him right away as Captain America. The Captain America the world has known was clean shaven and without a single tattoo in sight. By the time he’d married Tony, the world had already known Captain America as Sam Wilson, and that Steve Rogers had stepped down from the mantle. The Steve Rogers of the present is nothing like the one that came out of the ice, and somewhat different from the one who married Tony Stark. The Steve Rogers of today has a myriad of tattoos all over his body, each bearing a deep meaning for him, a thick beard, and long hair, all of which have now greyed, though most of it has been the effect of losing Tony rather than the serum’s enhancements subsiding.
“Will you love me for the rest of my life?”
Steve hadn’t seen Tony during those five years. Tony had sent out an invite to him, but he hadn’t been brave enough to attend the wedding. Natasha had found him later that night, sobbing quietly in a corner of his room at the Avengers Facility.
Little Tony manages a jerky nod in response, “Deal.”
“I still give the orders, or did you forget, alpha?” Tony growled, and it was a challenge, the way he said ‘alpha’, just like a taunt, and Steve had a moment where he wanted to show his omega just exactly who was in command, but there was also a part of him that actually liked what the omega was doing to him. It was fun, not being in control for a change.
“It’s the happiest day of my life too.”
“What is this?” Steve asks, curious, yet excited.
“You’re pretty spry, for an older fellow,” he hears a very familiar voice call out from behind him, one he’s been yearning to hear for ages. “What’s your thing? Pilates?”
Yes, Tony had already started leaking slick the moment he was being kissed, but he hadn’t expected it to soak his jeans through so soon. “Someone’s definitely excited…” Steve grinned.
“You could shimmy them off…” Tony suggested innocently, “You know…like this.” he did a little shimmy to show the alpha.
“Shh…there’s no rush, alpha. We’ve got the whole night.” Tony whispered as he moved to straddle Steve. The alpha’s cock was pressed against his slit, getting drenched in his freely flowing slick. Tony felt a pleasant pressure against as he ground his hips against the alpha’s cock. They both moaned as the omega continued rutting against him.
Tony pulled the alpha’s hands away from his butt and pinned them against the headboard, above Steve’s head. “I only said you could massage my boobs, alpha, or did you forget?” he spoke lowly.
, he thinks every waking minute. Tony has been Steve’s home since the day Pepper convinced him to get a divorce and start seeing him.
“I don’t think I can.”
“Oh god, Steve! That feels so good!” Tony moaned as he pressed in further, feeling the alpha’s tongue lick his vagina, tasting his sweet, sweet slick. His hands were still fisted in Steve’s hair, clenching every time the Super Soldier licked at a particularly sensitive spot.
“Flatterer,” Tony had teased.
“I realized that not having you around doesn’t leave me with much else to do.” Steve answered with a shrug, though if the smile was any indication, he liked the reaction it got from his omega. “You like it?”
“You know…” Tony began, voice no more than a low whisper, something sure to send a bolt of pleasure straight to the alpha’s cock. His hands trailed around to grab Steve’s pecs, massaging them, and thoroughly, making the alpha give a low moan, “eventually, when you put your baby inside me…” he pinched his already sore nipples, causing the alpha’s breath to hitch, “my boobs are gonna get bigger, you know that, don’t you, alpha?” Another nip at the earlobe.
“I will, once you’re comfortable.” Steve promised. Tony let out a desperate whine, so Steve pressed him down into the mattress, laying soft, gentle kisses along his shoulders and neck instead, to soothe him.
Steve feels the urge to visit Tony’s grave. On most days, he manages to keep it under control, but something about today is really bothersome, and he can’t help but give in. He arrives at the church in record time, and it doesn’t take him longer than a minute to find the place where he is buried, right beside Ana and Edwin Jarvis, possibly the only people apart from his mother who truly cared for him as a child.
“That’s easy.” Steve jumped in.
Once Tony was comfortable with the stretch around Steve’s dick, the alpha began moving inside his omega, his fiancé. He let go of the omega’s hands, and wrapped his own around the omega, holding him close as he thrust into him. Every thrust was accompanied by ‘oohs’ and ‘ahs’ falling from the omega’s mouth like a prayer, hands coming up to ruffle through his alpha’s hair.
“You don’t like it?” Tony asked, a little concerned.
“Yes, Sweetheart?” Steve had smiled.
Tony nods, “Good, because this can be permanent.” They hold hands, walking up to the ramp where they shared their first kiss as husbands. “First kiss of the afterlife?” he asks, quirking an eyebrow.
“How hard do you want it?” Steve asked earnestly.
“So much, my omega. I love it!” Steve answered, and found Tony’s hands on his chest once again. There was no squeezing or massaging this time, only soft caresses with the occasional brush against his nipples. It felt so good.
Steve growled when he heard Tony’s voice, and flipped them around so he lay against the pillows, with the omega in his lap. Then he turned Tony and pulled him in so his back was pressed against his chest. Tony groaned as he felt large hands massage his pecs, teasing his nipples and earning moans in return. “Such a pretty omega. My omega.” Steve whispered sultrily as he nipped at Tony’s earlobe. His mating spot was just a little further down his neck, and Steve could smell the sweet scent of chocolates, and vanilla, and roses, and it was just mesmerizing.
-----
The next time Steve wakes up, he finds himself in the Penthouse of Avengers Tower. The sky outside is lit orange, just like it was on their wedding day.
Tony laughed at that. “That’s a nice way to go, though. Wouldn’t you say?”
“But I thought you liked it…”
Tony landed on the bed with a bounce, and immediately found himself being manhandled onto all fours, with his ass just begging to be plundered by his alpha. There was just one issue though, the omega had too many clothes on. Steve made quick work of getting him out of the shirt he somehow hadn’t bothered removing. Steve went down on his knees, his face buried in the wet patch of slick while his strong hands massaged the omega’s more than perky butt cheeks. The alpha didn’t think he’d ever felt hungrier for his omega before. He kissed and licked at the steadily growing wet patch as his hands squeezed, getting Tony’s ass ready for what was definitely going to be a heavy session of spanking.
Tony smirked naughtily, and Steve’s eyes widened, because that wasn’t all there was to it. “But…you only get to use your mouth.” Steve’s mouth dropped open in shock. His
While Tony was enjoying the massage his ass received, he wanted to feel that tongue on his ass, and not his jeans. “Alpha, can I get rid of my jeans, please?”
Tony had passed in his sleep later that night, and Steve had woken up to his cold, unmoving form. He hadn’t cried. He had promised Tony long ago he wouldn’t do that. What he did was to place one final kiss on his husband’s forehead, with a promise to meet him again, whenever that might be.
“Your soldier, huh? I like that.” Steve beamed at his omega, “Are you my Mechanic then?”
“Actually I do. I’m gonna ride you right here.” Tony answered, leaning forward to kiss his alpha deeply.
It took Pepper cornering him one day at the hospital for him to admit his feelings out to someone.
“I gotta go, my little Iron Man,” Steve comforts him, “your other granpabby is calling me. He has been waiting for me for a long time now, and he’s getting cranky,” that makes everyone in the room chuckle through their tears. “How about this? I will tell your granpabby Tony stories from your preschool, and make him jealous how much smarter you are than him. Deal?”
“Okay, maybe not that hard…” Tony chuckled, “but you promised I wouldn’t be able to walk or sir right for weeks, and I really, really like how that sounds.” He placed a quick peck on the alpha’s lips.
…” he still managed to whimper out the request.
“You know you two can still be friends, right?”
Tony finally took pity on his poor, struggling alpha, and pressed down just enough that the head was pushed just beyond the rim of muscle. They both hissed, the alpha at the pressure around his shaft, and the omega at the stretch around it. Tony had to rest his hands on Steve’s chest for support as he let himself get used to the stretch around his alpha’s huge girth. It had only been around a month since they last had had sex, around Thanksgiving, and Tony had honestly not expected himself to be so tight so soon. This almost felt like they were having sex for the very first time, almost.
“You only get to touch me when I tell you to, is that clear?”
“You’re walking away, Steve,” Pepper had smiled, “I know you love him.”
Steve visibly gulped. Okay, this was way beyond what he had imagined when Tony had said he would dominate him. The Super Soldier was in for a very long night, and he couldn’t help feel the rush of excitement go through him at that thought. “Yes, omega.” he obeyed, keeping his arms stiff at his side.
Steve added a second finger, and began to scissor them apart, and was rewarded with his omega’s whimpers. He took a moment to taste some of the slick leaking out of Tony’s slit, teasing the lips there. Oh how eager he was for the day they were finally married and his omega finally went into heat only and only for him. Then they could finally be mates, something he’d been dreaming of ever since he met this wonderful human being. The alpha felt a rush of possessiveness stir in him, and it was elating.
Well, asking nicely might not have been the best course of action, because, Tony heard the fabric of his jeans ripping a moment later as his slicked hole was exposed to the air. Tony had just a moment to comprehend the fact that Steve tore through his jeans like it was a piece of paper, before the alpha’s tongue invaded his hole. The omega gasped out loud, and his head flopped onto the mattress when his arms couldn’t hold him up any longer. Steve got to work immediately, unbuckling Tony’s belt before tossing it in the corner, then proceeded to tear through the entire leg of the jeans, until it fell off, nothing more than a rag. He threw it off to the side as well, followed by whatever remained of his underpants. It was safe to say the only piece of clothing that was expected to survive the night was Tony’s shirt which, fortunately, was out of harm’s way.
It wasn’t until Tony was very nearly out of breath that Steve broke the kiss. “Wanna take off my pants?” he asked, and stepped back when Tony nodded.
Steve brought his hand toward his mouth to taste his omega’s come. “Mm…so sweet.” he crooned.
That was the tipping point for Tony, and Steve felt him vibrate as the omega’s orgasm hit, dick pulsing in the alpha’s mouth eagerly, pouring his sweet ambrosia for him to relish. Steve sucked him dry, and felt the omega beginning to sag against him. He wanted to catch the omega before he fell back and hurt himself accidentally, but those damned bindings wouldn’t let him move his hands. He pulled off Tony’s dick and had to use his legs, however best he could, to soften Tony’s landing. It worked, somewhat, and Tony was straddling him again, resting against his thighs, dazed from the orgasm.
“Really?”
That had been fifty years ago. The twins celebrated their fiftieth birthday today, but there was no one in the family who didn’t miss Tony just as much as they did for the past twenty years. Sarah and James had both had their own families, Morgan too, and Steve had found himself surrounded by half a dozen grandkids running and playing with their favorite grandpa.
“Captain America wants to spank your butt until it’s red like a tomato, Captain America wants to fuck your tight little hole all night, so you can’t sit without being reminded of me, maybe you won’t be able to sit at all, or even walk.” Steve answered, sucking in Tony’s finger and giving it a little nip.
“But I wanna touch you…” Steve complained.
Another slap, on the other cheek, and another whimper from the omega, and Steve wondered if his cock could get any harder. “Something about strangling, if I heard it right…”
Steve’s hands immediately wrapped around his omega, only for them to be slapped away. He looked at Tony, frowning.
“Such a good alpha.” Tony praised, “So good for me.”
“You okay, Sweetheart?” Steve asked, a little worried, looking at the omega’s face.
He still goes to the gym, purely because he can, and he has nothing better to do since his retirement following Tony’s passing. He got to lead a full life, and was surrounded by his children and grandchildren during his last days, and that was more than Steve could ask for.
“Nngh…wan’ more…” Tony mumbled grinding his hips against Steve’s erection.
Tony surged up to kiss his alpha, catching the taste of his own slick on the panties before he dropped them, focusing on the feel and warmth of Steve’s mouth fully. His arms wrapped around Steve’s neck pulling him even closer. Steve lost his balance at the sudden jerk, and fell on top of the omega, punching the air from his lungs. Tony broke the kiss with a laugh, making the alpha giggle as well.
Steve pulled away only for a moment to answer, “Come in my mouth, Sweetheart. Let me taste your sweetness.” he begged eagerly as he swallowed Tony’s length in one go.
Steve could see the bright red blush on Tony’s cheeks creeping down his neck, only to disappear under the collar of the red-and-black plaid shirt hugging his frame. Their bodies were less than an inch apart, and Steve could very easily feel the heat of arousal radiating from his omega. “I do. I’m gonna spank that cute little ass so hard, you ain’t gonna walk properly or sit right for weeks.”
Tony’s hands found their way toward Steve’s thighs, brushing soft touches against them. It tickled, and Steve found himself shudder at the touch. “Omega…please…” the alpha begged, voice desperate and needy.
Tony let out a pleased whine at the thought of Steve looking after him more than he already did, which of course turned high-pitched as another slap landed on his ass. Steve kissed him once again, biting down on the omega’s lower lip just short of breaking the delicate skin there.
Tony pushed down hard, burying the alpha’s entire length inside him, and felt his knot swell up, pressing against his insides. The pleasure-pain was too much to handle, and it tipped him over the edge as well, and he came with a shout of his alpha’s name, shooting ropes of come all over his well-sculpted chest and abs.
Steve pulled against his restraints, allowing him to sit up a little, so his omega was closer. Oh, how he wanted to just hold him close, wrap his arms around him. Steve leaned forward for a kiss, which Tony returned enthusiastically, sucking and biting at his lower lip. He felt arms wrap around his neck as the omega began moving faster on his slicked cock.
“Only for you, omega. You are so good for me. Oh!” Steve gasped when Tony stroked a nipple with his tongue.
The next thing Tony registered was strong hands on his hips lifting him off the ground. He was pinned to the wall, face to face with those gorgeous blue eyes and those handsome blonde locks and those full, pink lips. “
“Knot me, alpha.” Tony let out a whimper, sensing that Steve was close. His own dick had been grinding against the alpha’s rock-hard abs, and he was about to come himself. He continued bouncing on the massive cock, with the slick allowing him free movement.
“Uh huh. I believe spanking was mentioned somewhere in there,” Tony looked up at Steve just as cheekily, “and fucking my tight little hole all night.”
“Please.” Steve begged.
“Avenging.” Steve confirmed, “You see, my lovely omega, I enjoyed last night, but you…” he stroked Tony’s cheek, voice taking a low, sultry note, “are evil, for the delicious torture you put me through. Don’t you think it’d be a shame if I, Captain America, the first Avenger, leader of the Avengers, let you just get away with it?”
“Please move…” Tony begged, desperate to feel him.
“Was I?” Tony squeaked.
Steve’s hand snuck into Tony’s shirt, feeling every muscle in the omega’s back. It wasn’t easy though; the shirt he wore didn’t allow his hands to move as freely as he would have liked. “Do you like this shirt?” Steve asked.
-----
“Do you honestly believe either of us deserves to be in his presence?” Steve’s voice was calm, but just as scathing, just as derisive, “We aren’t his friends, never were. We tried, and failed spectacularly. We never gave him a chance, Natasha, I never gave him a chance. He didn’t ask for help with the whole Mandarin thing, he couldn’t trust us with Ultron, he couldn’t trust me enough to give me a call on that stupid phone; all because I never gave him a reason to trust the Avengers; I never trusted him. He only ever trusted Bruce, because he was a friend to him. I don’t know if Bruce would have agreed with the Accords if he’d been around, but he sure as hell wouldn’t have let Siberia happen.”
Two years’ worth of dating, and one month of being engaged, Steve Rogers and Tony Stark tied the knot on June 16
Steve had remembered Peggy asking him the same question decades ago, and wasn’t that ironic? Peggy had been battling Alzheimer’s back then, and now, Tony was about to leave him, and yet, Steve was right here, unable to go anywhere. It took every ounce of courage for Steve to not have a breakdown right there.
“You mind getting me out of these?” Steve looked up at the bindings on his wrists.
“That’s my omega.” Steve praised before landing another hit, making Tony cry out. Less than a dozen spanks later, Tony was a whimpering mess with an angry red butt leaking slick all over Steve’s cock.
“I love it!” Tony squealed excitedly. He attacked Steve’s other nipple with his mouth, sucking a bruise over it.
Steve had to hold down Tony’s hips to stop him from moving, then slapped the butt lightly, which still had the omega hissing out. He grabbed his dick, and pressed it against Tony’s entrance, no intention of pushing it inside. He moved it along the length of Tony’s slit, pressing against the lips just enough to make him whine.
A while later, when Steve was breathing comfortably, and his heart wasn’t pounding against his chest, he finally got to wrap his hands around his omega, and pulled him in for a soft kiss.
i really appreciate all the kudos and lovely comments you guys left it means a lot <3
Steve regained eye contact so Tony tried to seductively suck the blood from his lip, looking the other man’s body up and down and smirking a little bit as he did so. Tony felt the thickness in his hand start to grow harder again as Steve was turned on by Tony’s sexual aura. Steve still felt so bad about what he did. He was hoping that this would lead somewhere with Tony and he knew he had messed that all up.
“And I love you.” Steve kissed Tony once again, this time a little hungry. He didn’t stop until Tony needed to breathe, then laid him down on his back. Tony was quick to hold out his arms for his alpha, who went into the embrace beaming happily. While it was romantic, it turned erotic within moments, with Steve eagerly nipping at Tony’s ear, then trailing kisses along his jaw and down his neck. The alpha trailed further down to Tony’s chest, and began sucking bruises everywhere. Tony’s legs had wrapped themselves around Steve while he moaned his heart out at every touch from his alpha.
“Yes!” Tony nearly screeched, “Fuck me alpha, please!” he begged, pushing his butt back against Steve’s cock that had him biting down a groan.
“You were saying something, Sweetheart?” Steve asked, and Tony could feel the smug smile on his face. The alpha was busy ogling his omega’s beautiful, perky butt with his very red handprint on it though.
Steve couldn’t help the low growl that left him, and felt his cheeks heat up immediately. “Sorry, omega.” he murmured, looking at Tony sheepishly.
“Look at those titties bounce!” Tony applauded as they continued their little dance.
Steve smiled mirthlessly, “Natasha tell you that?”
“Alpha, you feel so good inside me.” the omega moaned, “So big, so hard. You always know what I like, what I need.”
“I like it.” Tony chirped excitedly.
“I’m not big enough to choke you, Honey, but I can do hard…” Tony replied.
“I have a condition though.” Tony murmured, and moved to straddle the alpha, “You gotta get me out of these panties.”
“Will you make me a promise?” Tony still had those doe eyes, which never failed to hypnotize him.
“You can touch me all you want once we’re done.” Tony shot him a teasing smile, “I call the shots until you’re all knotted up, deep inside me.” his voice took a sultry note as he went on, “Don’t you want that, alpha? Don’t you wanna knot me?”
Tony could feel the pressure building in his loins as he continued thrusting into Steve’s mouth. “Alpha…I’m close…”
“But of course, Captain America is going to wait for the right moment to strike.” Steve grinned teasingly.
“Will you play with my boobs when they’re big, and round, and soft?” Tony trailed kisses along Steve’s neck, bruising the spot where one day his mating bite would lie.
“How hard can you go?” Tony returned.
omega was unbelievable. “You up for it?”
life, and after as well,” Steve promised, taking Tony’s hand and placing the softest of kisses on each knuckle.
Steve leaned in to murmur in Tony’s ear, “Good, because you ain’t gonna be able to much after I’m done with you…” The omega shivered from the sultry roughness in his voice, and then let out a squeak as the alpha nibbled at his earlobe.
“You wanna suck me off?” Steve asked, coming up to kiss him.
Tony went back to fucking Steve’s mouth. It had been over a decade since he’d topped while having sex with someone, and was glad to know he still had the moves, going by the was Steve was moaning around him. He gave a hard thrust, and felt Steve’s tongue against his slit. A shudder ran down his legs and he had to fight to maintain his balance.
“Someone really, really precious. Do you know how gorgeous you look in the mornings?” Steve murmured.
“Enjoy yourself.” Tony murmured, while a hand trailed down to the alpha’s ass to give it a little pinch, making Steve startle, “Just like that…” the omega smiled before kissing the alpha once again. The height difference between the alpha and omega made Steve lean in so he could kiss Tony, which allowed the omega to massage the alpha’s ass, and the resulting moans in his mouth were very rewarding.
Tony gave him a shy smile at that, “Did you enjoy last night?”
Tony couldn’t stop the chuckle that left him, “A little…I don’t think either of our clothes should suffer just because I was naughty.”
“Something else you wanna say?” Steve asked, sounding smug.
“Hey!” Steve complained half-heartedly as he got rid of his pants now pooled at his feet.
“I’ve been waiting since Christmas, and it’s your birthday today. If I have to wait any longer I might just strangle you.” Tony complained. He was about to say something more but let out a whine when Steve’s hand landed on his ass, hard, hard enough to sting, hard enough to get his ass leaking more slick.
“Pops,” Steve hears his son’s voice as he turns around to see James walk over to join him.
Steve shuffled behind Tony, lining up his giant erection with Tony’s petite entrance. Their difference in size always amazed the alpha. Back when they had sex for the first time, he’d never imagined Tony would be able to accommodate his massive girth inside him, let alone his length, but lo and behold, his omega had not only proven him wrong, he’d more than enjoyed it.
Tony chuckled at that. He unzipped the pants of Steve’s suit, “Get rid of those.” he spoke in a very sultry voice, something that sent a jolt of arousal down Steve’s spine, and they both saw the alpha’s cock twitch in response. Steve’s hands went to the waist band, but Tony stopped him, “No hands.” he gave the alpha a cheeky smile.
“Hi, I’m Tony Stark.”
“Wait, what time is it?” Tony realised that it was already 3am when he got to Steve’s room and that felt like ages ago.
“I know we need to clean this up but I really don’t want to move.” Tony sighed.
“No, God no, the complete opposite. Please don’t stop” Tony whimpered.
“Oh, well I’m sorry Captain but your services are needed elsewhere now.”
“Was that ok? I’ve been wanting to do that for a while now.”
“Oh it was more than ok, Captain.”
“May I ask you a question?” They both stopped walking.
That made a tingle run over Steve’s body, fuck Tony was hot. After a few more slow strokes he sped up his pace like Tony had ordered and started sucking on Tony’s neck again, leaving his mark.
“Tony you do realise that my metabolism is insanely fast? Coffee does nothing for me, just like alcohol”
“Ohhh.. fuckkkk. Fucking hell Steve.” Tony moaned into the empty room.
“Are you nervous Tony?“
“Oh yeah it’s nothing don’t worry about it”
Tony was stunned. He thought he was just coming up to jack Steve off but now Steve was inviting him on to his lap. Hesitantly, Tony slipped off his shoes and climbed onto Steve’s bed, placing himself on Steve’s bare thighs, just below his dick, with his legs bent either side of Steve’s muscular body. For the first time in his life, Tony had no idea what was going on. He placed his hands on his thighs and stared into Steve’s eyes. Of course, the whole time this was happening Steve was watching Tony intently, curious of his uneasy behaviour.
“Is there some other sexy brunette who needs my mouth on him?” Steve jested.
He took a moment to admire the beautiful sexed up man in front of him. His hair was a mess, his neck was covered in hickeys, he smelt of sex and he had the goofiest grin on his face. Steve couldn’t help but smile.
“And why exactly would you need a chair?” Steve asked, still confused and ignoring Tony’s remark.
Tony was driving down the road in his convertible, red sports car when he saw a beautiful woman walking ahead of him. He lazily parked the car and ran over to her, walking at her side.
“Wow you’re already like this from one finger? How are you going to cope with my whole 9 inch cock?”
“Unlike you, Captain Lazy, I was already awake so had the time to change, not to mention how quickly I can now suit up anyway. Enough of that, time to get on the plane, you took too long so no coffee for you I’m afraid”
“What about us?” The brunette had a confused but intrigued look on his face. He didn’t think they were classed as an ‘us’. He climbed off Steve and sat next to him, still facing him, on the empty side of the large bed and Steve moved more upright and pulled a sheet over the lower half of his body.
“Clearly your heightened abilities don’t include heightened sight. I’m pulling up a chair”
“I think that it’s only going to go down from here.”
“Yeah, that’s what my 10th grade P.E. teacher used to tell me.” He muttered.
thank you to everyone who commented and gave kudos on my last chapter :) i hope you enjoy this one!
“Woah wait your lip is bleeding? Are you ok?”
“Oh..” Steve leant down and kissed Tony once under each eye, “I agree”
“Hi, I’m Tony Stark.”
“You underestimate the power of fate when two strangers meet. What’s your name?” Tony smiled.
He grabbed a chunk of blonde hair and pulled Steve in for another passionate kiss.
“May I ask you another question? What do you think about me coming up to you so bravely and complementing you?”
“Has anyone ever told you that you radiate beauty and your smile could blind a small village.”
“It’s worse that it initially seems.”
“Are you aware of how hot that was? I can literally feel myself getting hard again.” Tony smirked.
“And you’ve really wanted me for THAT long? That’s insane Tony. Why didn’t you say something?”
“Wow I must be a really good teacher if you can do THAT” Tony laughed.
“I’m a bisexual man who’s in love with the naked guy in front of me who’s bed I’m somehow topless in right now.”
“Fuck me Steve” Tony murmured against swollen lips.
just 5000 words of fluff and smut.
“Yeah, yeah, keep your pants on Stark I’m finishing something off”
“You’re so cute” Steve grinned at Tony in awe. His handsome face looked so confused for the first time ever and Steve loved that. Tony was entirely at his mercy and they both knew it.
Maybe it was the fact that Steve had said “pants” that triggered certain thoughts in Tony’s head or maybe just because Tony’s head was never anywhere other than in the gutter but he could only think of one reason why Steve would be ‘busy’ at 5am. He felt a tingle low in his stomach just at the thought of what Steve might be doing on the other side of the wall.
“What’s your name?” His held her arm to stop her from walking any further.
“Hey Tony, that thing you said before, me too.” Steve whispered into his ear.
The blonde chuckled at that last part.
Steve slept naked which meant he had easy access. He placed his right hand over his dick and started rubbing up and down whilst he teased his nipples with the other. He rubbed his tip and moved his left hand down to play with his balls which made him let out a small moan. He was close but not close enough considering the tight schedule. Then his mind suddenly flashed back to his dream and the thought of kissing
“Well, is that such a bad thing?” Tony inquired
“So who really is Tony Stark?”
“Steve, listen to me. I’m ok. My lip doesn’t even hurt anymore and barely hurt at the time, if it did I would’ve said something. And just so you know, I don’t mind a bit a pain when it comes to sexual things, it’s sort of a kink of mine, so in a way it actually made it hotter for me - if that was even possible.” Tony smiled. “And I thought you had only invited me here to jack you off and nothing else, that’s why I got the chair when I walked in because I was just going to sit there and do it! When you kissed me I was so surprised and happy that I didn’t want it to stop. I thought that was as far as it was going to go and now, having learnt you had really invited me up here to have sex with you, you think I’m just going to leave? Steve I’ve dreamt about this since the moment I saw a photo of you in my dad’s files.”
Steve had suddenly awoken to the loud voice of J.A.R.V.I.S. alerting him that the avengers need to get to S.H.I.E.L.D. as quickly as possible. Steve however had another issue,
“This. Us.”
“You don’t even know my name.”
“Then cum for me, Stark” The blonde growled in his ear.
“You know, finger me and stretch me out a little. A cock that size with no prep? I wouldn’t be able to walk for days”
“Mr Stark, we need you and the rest of the Avengers to come in to S.H.I.E.L.D. we have a serious situation on our hands, one that could result in many lives being lost. You’ll be told all the details when you arrive. Get here ASAP and change in to your suits on the plane, there’s no point wasting time getting dressed.“
“Abena.” She turned to face to young man.
Tony groaned and wheeled out from under his car, cleaned the grease and oil off his hands with an old cloth and told J.A.R.V.I.S. to alert the team, all of which would still be asleep and won’t take too kindly to being woken up. Tony had installed an alarm system throughout the tower which would go off in each Avengers’ room and prepare their suits for them.
“Li-Little bit, yeah”
“Welcome to my world, Rogers. Just relax and get some sleep.”
Steve was shocked at what Tony had just said, and to be honest, so was Tony. Tony tended to keep to himself and not really shared his feelings with anyone, well not his true feelings, so the fact he had just confessed to a 30 year long crush to the man he had a crush on was a bit of a shock to them both. He had also revealed one of his kinks which he decided he’ll probably regret at some point.
Tony smiled at the gorgeous man in front of him and the favour was returned. Steve was so in awe right now, he never thought Tony could look hotter than he normally does but seeing him with messy hair, swollen lips and sweat dripping down his face was a whole new level, not to mention the insane amount of lust in his eyes.
For a moment, Tony was lost in the magical blue orbs in front of him and forgot how to talk.
Tony placed his hands in Steve’s hair on either side of his head and plunged his mouth on to Steve’s once again. This time it was a deep, passionate kiss which gradually got more heated. The hardness in Tony’s trousers was getting unbearable but he still wasn’t sure whether this was just a session to pleasure Steve, so kept his trousers on.
He felt a sort of guilt for what he just did and didn’t quite understand it himself -
“Wait so you came all the way up here, at 3 o’clock in the morning, thinking that all that was going to happen was you jacking me off? You came even though you thought you wouldn’t get anything out of it?”
“I was just admiring my amazing work on your new suit” Tony tilted his head down to the ground to hide his smirk. But then he realised.. “wait is the reason you’re running late because you were getting your suit on?”
Steve reluctantly pulled his mouth away from Tony’s dick. He licked up from Tony’s balls to his tip, which he gave a small kiss.
After about 5 minutes of heated kissing, Steve finally broke away. However it was only for a moment to take off Tony’s t-shirt and admire his beautiful, tanned body, then they were kissing again. Steve had one hand placed on the arc reactor in Tony’s chest and the other was gripping his hair.
“I mean it when I say I'm straight so no funny business alright?”
i’ve just watched the first episodes of Defending Jacob and i can’t tell you all how in love with it i am!! Chris’ acting is amazing and it’s just all round great - i can’t wait for the next episodes!😩
“I’d say you’re blind and insane and goodbye.” Steve looked away from him.
One by one the Avengers walked in to the kitchen to grab a coffee to make themselves more alert considering they were running off about 3 hours sleep, which Tony couldn’t understand the issue with. He did however enjoy watching his friends walk in to the kitchen sleepy-eyed and irritable. Seeing as he was already awake and ready he decided to suit up whilst the others were dragging themselves out of bed.
“And why would you need to sit on a chair when you have a perfectly good seat right here” Steve looked down at his crotch with suggestive eyes..
thank you guys so much for reading, i hope you enjoyed it! it's so sad to see my first fic come to an end
“Hey Tony. Can you believe Sarah and James turned fifty yesterday? Who would have thought I’d live to see my kids’ fiftieth birthday? Maybe you did, because I sure as hell didn’t,” he chuckles even as a tear slips down his cheek. “It hasn’t been easy, not having you around. I don’t know how I managed to go on these past twenty years. I guess… I guess I just got used to not having you around, and believe me, it’s really hard, but I’m sure you can tell with the way I’ve greyed. Sarah keeps saying you’d find this look sexy,” there was a minute of silence before Steve could utter his next words, “would you…find my new look sexy? I miss you, Sweetheart, I miss you so much. There’s nothing I want more than to be with you right away; that’s been on my mind since you left me. But I still keep in mind the promise I made you. I’ll join you when it’s time, and not a moment before,” his voice now holds a tremor as he tries to push the words out as his hands are busy clutching at the wedding rings around his neck, “I don’t know how much longer I can take this, but I’m trying to do my best, I promise you.”
“Hey, son. What brings you here?”
Tony took a moment to steady his breath, and then went up to Steve, hands on the buckle of his belt while his mouth got busy sucking and biting at those light brown-pink nipples. Steve’s breath caught in his throat as Tony massaged his nipples, and moaned out when Tony bit down, sure to leave a mark for a while. It was of course, meant to distract the alpha as his pants and underwear were dropped to the floor, pooling by his feet to reveal his cock, standing in attention. Steve stepped out of his pants and kicked them away, before grabbing Tony by the ass and pulling him up for a heated kiss, his tongue sliding in the omega’s mouth easily. He carried Tony to the bed and settled the omega in his lap, giving his butt one last squeeze before he broke the kiss.
The kiss was hot, passionate, demanding, and Tony felt a very deep need to give into it, let himself be dominated, manhandled,
Tony’s hands came up to grab at Steve’s hair, but the alpha caught them, and pinned them over his head with just one hand. The omega whined once again at being denied contact. Steve kissed Tony’s lips to silence him, and the omega sighed into the kiss. “I love you…” Steve murmured with a smile.
Steve had to use every ounce of self-control, at least whatever was left after the heated kiss Tony had pulled him into, to keep himself from touching his omega. It was excruciating, not being able to touch Tony, when all he wanted to do was that. He instead focused every fiber of his being into kissing his omega. There was a point when he bit at Tony’s lips making his grip on his butt falter, which earned him a light smack on his perfect American ass. Steve smiled into the kiss at the feeling.
“It would…” Tony nodded, “it would be a crying shame.”
“Yes, please.” It came out as a whine this time, and Tony couldn’t help feeling pleased about getting his alpha worked up so much. “Omega, please. Let me touch you.” Steve begged.
“Our happily ever afterlife. I picked out the wedding day in the hopes you might like it. It is the happiest day of my life.”
Tony might have blacked out for a minute or two before he came to his senses, and was rewarded with his alpha filling him up with his warm release. He was so lost in the pleasure of that warmth that it took him a while to notice he wasn’t knotted yet. “Alpha?” he looked up at Steve, confused.
Tony broke the kiss a long while later to catch his breath. He was panting a little as he pulled away from the alpha. A nervous laugh escaped him as he tried to get his mind back on track. “Come on, my Soldier, we’ve got stuff to do…”
“What do you say when you want something, alpha?”
Tony let out a loud moan when Steve gave a hard thrust, hips slapping against hips, and the sound even louder thanks to the liberal amounts of slick leaking from the omega. “Fuck me harder…please…
“Why do you always walk out when Morgan and I come and visit him?” Pepper had asked him on the sixth day of seeing him behave the way he did.
“What?” Steve questioned, clearly confused.
Tony let out a moan as his alpha grabbed both their cocks in one hand and began stroking them oh so slowly. He brought his hand to join his alpha’s, and they both ground their bodies against each other until Tony was a whimpering mess.
It took Tony a minute to come down from his high. “That felt…euphoric.” he grinned at his alpha.
you, my alpha, my Soldier.”
Once he got to Tony’s nipples, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony tight, as if he was never going to let go of his omega, and put the perky peaks through a series of bites and kisses that were sure to leave them both bruised and sore for a long time. The alpha was determined to leave his omega exhausted and his voice raw by the time they were done. Tony writhed under his ministrations, moaning incessantly as he held on to his alpha like his life depended on it. By the time Steve was done, Tony’s nipples were so bruised and so sensitive that just a simple lick was enough to make him gasp.
“Yeah, yeah…” Tony muttered before pulling him into a kiss, this one a little softer, just a little less hurried.
Hey guys! I did not expect 'Such a Good Alpha' to have such an awesome response, and I thank you all for reading and liking it. Here's the teaser for the next work which takes place months after the first one. I don't know when I'll be able to work on it, but I promise you're gonna get the second one-shot soon.
Tony had remained in a coma for nearly a month, and Steve had visited him the first few days, but always stepped out when Pepper was around.
“Ahh…that feels so good, omega.” the alpha crooned. Steve took the liberty of taking off the suit, but Tony stopped him, and did it himself, running his hands hungrily over the hard muscles of his back and arms as he removed it.
Tony rode his alpha for a long, long time, both of them moaning and groaning as Steve hit all the right spots, making the omega clench around him. They were both soaked in sweat in spite of the cold weather outside, and the room smelled very strongly of sex, and both their scents mixed together.
“Of course I am.” Tony returned the smile with a bright one of his own, “Now come on.” he insisted, grabbing Steve’s shaft and pulling him toward the bed. Steve couldn’t help laughing as he was hauled across their bedroom by his dick. It was a funny thing, and just as hot. Tony pushed the alpha down to sit at the edge of the mattress, and climbed into bed, standing behind him. He placed his hands on the Super Soldiers shoulders and began massaging them lightly. The omega eventually got down on his knees and began nipping at Steve’s earlobes as he continues the massage.
“Seriously! You’re like the perfect specimen. Ideal build and great face in general.” The brunette smiled.
“Fuck you’re tight as hell” Steve groaned, lust building inside him.
(See the end of the chapter for
The man glanced at him for a moment but then back down at the ground in front of him. They kept walking side by side as Tony tried to analyse his face and personality.
“I was hoping that by staying up late and inviting you here, I was making the first move that you were too shy to make. I was hoping that when you agreed to this and turned up at my door, that I would finally be able to kiss you. When you kissed me and it got so heated I thought maybe it would lead to something more than that. When I pulled away from the kiss I was about to tell you that you could take your jeans off, only if you wanted to of course, but then I saw your lip and realised I messed up. I’m so sorry Tony, I never wanted to hurt you and feel free to leave.”
“Oh shut up”
Tony sulked for a moment but reluctantly agreed. Steve slowly removed himself from Tony and they both whimpered from the loss of contact. Steve moved so that he was between Tony’s legs, his head just above his semi-hard cock. He made eye contact with the slightly confused Tony Stark before slowly licking up the other man’s body, collecting every bead of semen, eyes never straying from the others. Once Tony was completely clear of cum, Steve swallowed his mouthful and kissed Tony. The brunette could taste himself in Steve’s mouth which he found oddly arousing.
“Holy shit that was amazing.”
thank you all for being so patient i hope you enjoy this chapter😁
. He decided he was worrying over nothing, most people have the occasional dream about dating their friend right? He opened the door to Tony and saw him gazing at his body, it felt a lot like the dream he had the night before, they shared a few sarky comments and laughed with each other and his mind had completely forgotten about everything else.
Catching Tony off guard, Steve placed a hand on the back of his head and pulled him down into a kiss. Tony convulsed at the action and felt a twitch in his pants and butterflies in his stomach the second his mouth came into contact with Steve’s. He pulled away, shocked, and examined every part of the face in front of his. He felt like he was going to wake up any minute.
Tony laughed and Steve couldn't help but crack a small smile. They both climbed in to his car and once Tony gave the car a bit of encouragement, they set off to an unknown destination.
Steve lined himself up in front of Tony’s hole and was about to push in but was interrupted.
“It’s not ok, I hurt you and I ruined everything.”
Those words were heaven to his ears. Steve was worried though, what happened if he got too carried away and forgot about his strength and ended up hurting Tony.
“Well that’s good to hear, Cap.” Tony smiled and then rested his head back down comfortably, his forehead on Steve’s chest. He breathed in the scent of the other man. They ended up falling asleep cuddling each other, both overjoyed at not only what had just happened but also the prospect of what could come from it.
The door in front of him opened and he shook himself out of his thoughts to see a perfectly muscular, gorgeous faced blonde man stood in front of him. He was wearing his suit which was hugging tight around biceps and abs which Tony couldn’t help admire for a moment.
Steve arched his fingers in an attempt to find Tony’s prostate. After a couple attempts he found it and Tony called out Steve’s name at each push in. Steve watched, admiring Tony’s body convulsing at each wave of pleasure and enjoying his name coming off Tony’s lips. He almost didn’t want to stop because seeing Tony so happy and pleasured was honestly enough for him.
“That’s not true.” Tony stopped walking and Steve copied him.
- voice and the fact he was stood right outside Steve’s door sent him over the edge instantly. He struggled to hold back his moan back as he came in thick white streaks over his abdomen. He replied to Tony’s snarky comment as coherently as someone who is coming down from an orgasm can and quickly cleaned himself up. He was still hard though and it would show obviously in normal clothes and seeing as he had his suit in his room because Tony had only just updated it yesterday, he decided he’d go for the suit.
As much as Steve might have been eager to fuck Tony, he could not just go by without tasting his omega thoroughly before he fucked him. The fact that Tony loved it when Steve rimmed him was an added bonus. Steve licked every bit of slick that dribbled out while stretching him out thoroughly with his thumbs.
“Alpha…please fuck me…” Tony begged, voice no more than an eager whine.
Tony let out a breathy chuckle. “I love you…” he mumbled, still working on coming down from his orgasm.
. I’ve been very naughty, you see, and I think my punishment has to be just as fitting, don’t you think?” Tony didn’t even realize Steve was backing him against a wall until his back hit it. It was really hot, getting crowded by his alpha like that.
“Okay. First things first. Go and change into your stealth suit. I wanna see how sexy it looks on you. Oh, and go commando.” Tony ordered once they were in their bedroom. Ever since Steve had moved to DC for SHIELD, Tony had missed him a lot, a little too much. Steve had missed him too, and they were both eager to just be with each other.
“Will you come for me, Sweetheart?” Steve murmured in Tony’s ear, and his husky voice was enough to set off the omega, who went rigid momentarily before his cock pulsed with the orgasm that hit him like a bus. He moaned out aloud as he came all over his and his alpha’s hands. Tony was breathing heavily, and Steve held him close as the omega came down from his high, peppering kisses over his neck and shoulders all the while.
Steve lives a healthy life to near the end of the twenty-first century. He had begun to notice the effects of the serum to subside faster over the last few years. He is no longer built like the Super Soldier he used to be what feels like eons ago, though he’s not back to being skinny either. He looks like any old man pushing ninety. The day he passes, is the day he has been looking forward to with the nervous excitement of a child, for the past thirty-five years.
“Alright, fine!” Steve huffed, “But I’m not letting go of you for the rest of the night.”
Tony began working on taking the suit off of Steve, unbuttoning the button on the collar first, exposing his collarbones. He sucked a bruise over each one, before pulling the Super Soldier down to press their mouths together. Tony surrendered this one kiss to Steve almost immediately, because that was probably the only time he was going to let the alpha have control over the night’s activities. He found the zipper to the stealth suit, and pulled it down along the edges of the dark grey star, just enough to reveal part of the alpha’s well-sculpted chest, with those perfect brown hairs.
“Oh…Sweetheart, you feel so good.” Steve murmured as he thrust up into Tony.
Fifteen years later:
, thoroughly. He wrapped his arms around his alpha’s neck, trying to pull his body closer than physically possible for either of them. His legs were next, latching onto Steve’s hips. Minutes that felt like too long and not enough at the same time went by, and Tony had to break the kiss, panting for air, though he very much did not want to. Steve could, and did continue trailing kisses along his jaw, down his neck, and found the perfect spot to suck a bruise almost endlessly. The moan that left Tony’s mouth only spurned the alpha further, who kept sucking harder, just short of breaking the skin there.
“You should be happy that I am pleasantly surprised.” Tony countered, his hands coming to rest against those harder-than-ever pecs.
“It’s not flattery if it’s the truth.” Steve stated matter-of-factly.
“Hard, real hard. Choke me, my omega, please!” Steve whined desperately.
“Oh, I’m gonna show you pleasantly surprised.” Steve nodded with a grin, before he lifted Tony off his feet and into his arms, before crushing their mouths together in a heated kiss. He carried Tony to the bed, and dropped him on it.
-----
Steve doesn’t understand how he could have been fortunate enough to have a man like Tony Stark love him, especially after their history from the day when they first met, to the day that Tony slammed his arc reactor in his hands, calling him a liar. He knows he’d always been dismissive of him, that he’d always seen Stark, not Tony, not the sweet, caring, loving person that he was underneath all that hard exterior. He hadn’t really seen that Tony until he saw him being a father to Morgan, the kind of father Tony should have had.
