“I think you’re overestimating the impression I’ll make,” Steven says and there’s a slight awkwardness to his expression.
Tony’s smile warms through Steve. He swears he feels a tug deep inside as if all this time in this life he’d been waiting for his other half. He places his hand on top of the book and Tony’s hand finds its way there, too. That spark comes alive again.
Steve nods and they both buckle on their helmets and get onto the bike. Tony presses up against Steve and his racing heart eases. He can breathe again. This is steady fair weather in the face of any storm, this is where he belongs. He closes his eyes and wishes again that he could listen to Steve’s heart beating. Instead Steve is humming a tune. Tony can’t place it but it lulls him sweetly and he smiles. He hadn’t thought about his actions today, hadn’t really planned it. But it feels right, like he’s finally in his own skin after being forced to pretend he’s someone else for so long.
When Steve touches the shield of light again, the nanobots congregate around his grasp and then he feels the weight of it lift off the clasp. It’s a different feel than the real thing, but the fact that he can feel it, touch it, makes him believe it would do some damage. “Once I get a chance, I can test it.”
“Stopping the fight, I suppose.” She looks perplexed at him. “I never- I never thought about what he has or doesn’t have. He’s always had so much.”
“It seems that the vest malfunctioned when he was hit and delivered a shock twice the normal setting. Minor burns to the chest, though. He is unconscious.”
He reaches over and strokes his hand through Blu’s magnificent mane. “Where’s your home big guy? Maybe I can get you there when I call for help.”
“We could call in help for an opposing team,” Natasha added. “I could call in Hill, maybe Sharon. I don’t think war games will work with the soul pack. We can really shut off communication through the pack or direct it as precisely as we need to except for in special cases.” She pointedly stared at Steve and Tony as they clasped hands.
“What the fuck?” Rumlow stayed silent and that spoke volumes to Tony. Instead of turning to the guards for assistance Tony went to Happy. “I want that man out of there. I want that mask off of him as soon as possible. I want him clothed and properly fed.”
He stepped away from the bed, turned away. Gripping the door handle, Tony bowed his head but couldn’t look back. “I’m sorry.”
“Thor’s with them. He’s actually pretty good at this Guide thing,” Clint said.  He pointed over his shoulder to the far ‘room’ of the large underground bunker.
Tony leans toward Steve. “Ana is Jarvis’ one and only. They love to travel so sometimes you’ll need to fill in for him. Not with the cooking and all, but with other duties.”
“Yeah. Vision is great, don’t get me wrong, but JARVIS – JARVIS was my baby. I spent hours, hundreds of hours on his code.” Tony grins. “And actually, we’re not in the computer, the computer is in us.”
“What does that mean, exactly? I mean because the old guy in the room,” Tony said as he pointed to Steve. “Is a bit of a homophobic ass, so I don’t see – well I don’t think I’ll be seeing much of his ass.” Before Steve can interject to defend himself, Tony raced on. “And by the way, Barnes is not a saint. He killed my parents. So I’m not inclined to have him as my
“Thanks, thanks for that image, it helps. A lot,” Steve says and the floor drops out from under him and he plunges like he’s dropping into Wonderland and not a nightmare of human existence again. The Boundaries shatter and he plummets into the dark cave again, startling awake.
When the staff left him alone with Steve, Tony tried to say the Soul Mantra, tried to sing it out loud and repeat it. He hoped that some part of Steve might hear it, be disturbed enough by it, might anchor him in the here and now. It made no difference. Steve’s touch, that link between them drifted further away. Tony rubbed at his face and found tears staining his cheeks. He stepped up to the bed and touched Steve’s hand.
Sawyer bowed his head and stared at his boots as if he had something to be ashamed of. Pepper softened. “I’m sure you have a good heart.”
Tony looks at her; the light from the window spotlights her fiery hair, her blue eyes, her smile. “I think society already decided that for me, don’t you?”
“You have to let me drive,” Steve said as Tony opened the driver side car door. “It’s dawn. Get in the back and cover up.” He handed Tony the shield and they both got into the sedan. Tony offered him the keys.
“How is this going to work with you,” Steve said under his breath. Tony hadn’t suited up yet. “I doubt you’ll feel anything through the armor.”
He rolled Tony onto his back and pulled away from him. Tony’s lips were rose red with a glistening of their saliva on the lower one. His pupils were large and dark. His mouth parted slightly and a flick of the tongue sent Steve reeling. He wanted so much of this to be real yet at the same time feared that it would be real. If it was real, those impediments in his head would stop him, give him pause. He wanted none of that. He only wanted to taste Tony.  He kissed and licked and let the memories of all the dreams coalesce to teach him Tony’s desires. Steve lingered over Tony’s nipples, teasing and nipping. When Tony shuddered beneath him, Steve rejoiced in the feel of his body responding.  He drifted lower and tugged the waist band of Tony’s pants down to reveal his straining erection. His mouth watered at the hardness, the slight curve toward Tony’s belly.
The prince answers him by picking up his rhythm and losing any restrain. His thrusts become brutal and close to angry. He growls with every shove inward and while the nanites help Steve adjust the pleasure borders on pain. His own cock strains to release but there’s nothing more and he’s sweating even with the water pouring over him. He arches his back to fully accept Tony’s punishing pace. He clenches his ass and Tony howls in response immediately freezing and then the hot spill of his come fills Steve and he’s not sorry. He wants it inside of him, dripping down his leg, making a mess of him. He longs to be marked by Tony.
“And this is hardly roughing it,” Tony snickers. He claps Steve on the arm as he heads back toward the stairs. “You want some lunch? I’m starved.” Which is not true, but what the hell else is he supposed to do?
Tony waited until the door clicked shut and then went to Steve. He kneed onto the bed. “You shouldn’t have said you loved me.”
Tony puts his hand up in Steve’s general direction. “I can get upstairs on my own. Get everyone and we can start. Okay?”
He doesn’t want to say on a non-encrypted line. “I’m not sure. But who know who is here and who the players are.”
“It means that Captain Rogers considers the marriage important to him. That you are important to him.”
He glances around the large room, interspersed with the shelves  and windows are terminals and holographic interfaces along with connections of the Viz-nets. “When I punish him – and I know it’s my right to do so – I feel.” He presses his lips tight. “I feel wrong. Like I shouldn’t, like he’s more than just an omega at my feet.”
The words startle him, but he doesn’t jump as much as the first time. “Yes, Fri-Friday?” That was the AI’s name, right? Everything is bundled up, a mess in his head.
Her eyes grow kind. “Don’t we all.” She squeezes his hands. “The Outriders switched their allegiance to Anthony. And now we have an army. We were lucky they switched to Anthony rather than the Soul Keeper.”
Steven nearly collapses but is able to maintain the position. Tony grasps Steve’s cock and strokes it, allowing him the friction he needs. “Come.” And Steven fucks into Tony’s hand – doing most of the work. Tony decides to test their bond, their natural biology. “Come now.”
Steve had hoped that the phone, the letter, would have changed things between them. But once some bridges are crossed, they can never be tread upon again. Tony couldn’t handle the worst of what Bucky had done to Steve, and then when he found out about his parents – that ended it all. Steve has only one choice now: the blocks.
It’s odd and not very scientific but since he has no argument against it, and the universe is weird, it could happen. “But then why would you keep coming back as a lion. And why didn’t you just stay dead?”
So I have one more chapter of Force of Nature to post before I have to start writing it again. I am planning on continuing. But I can see that the interest in this story is abysmal. A few very committed readers are here and I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I will finish this story for you.
“No.” Tony flinches at Steve startled reaction. “I mean I don’t know, but once we get to the Hub, who the hell knows what we will be up against.”
Clint isn’t amused later when he finds them au natural still lounging in their bedroom sometime later. He grimaces at Steve and shakes his head. “You two don’t pay me enough to have to put up with this, you know.”
Tony reaches out and touches his arm, lifting his wrist, clasping his hand. “Hey now, that’s over now. We’re here. We have a second chance.”
They mean to take him alive; they mean to turn his heart and soul. They mean to ruin him. He has no other choice. As the Silver Knight he represents the paragon of everything in this realm that is good and right and perfect. If taken by the Red Knight, the world surrenders to the chaos of the demons. He has no other choice, but the cliffs, the ravine. He must do this – he must sacrifice all that he is to save the promise of the new world.
“Good to have you back with the living, Bucky,” Steve says and hates the exhaustion taxing his friend. “We thought we lost you there for a while.” Turning to Bruce for only a second. “It’s a good sign.”
“I don’t know exactly. I think it has a lot to do with the state of my mind at the moment. If I think coagulant, that’s what my feeding gland excretes, I suppose.” Tony mused about it before but never gave it a great amount of thought. Biochemistry mixed with the supernatural wasn’t his cup of blood. The only thing his undead body produced came from the feeding gland. “It’s weird, I suppose.”
“Mainly I wanted a place to get away that no one would look for me. It’s remote, it’s cold. No one would want it. No one actually did want it. I got it for a song.” Tony knocks a tree log with his cane and then steps over it. “It’s perfect really. I thought about moving here, permanently at one point.”
as omega. There were somethings that Estane taught him about the alpha-omega dynamic that were worthy.
“You know me too well for that,” Tony replies and then he listens as she walks away. Part of him mourns her loss as his PA. She’s been a great asset, a great friend over the years, but keeping her tied down to him really doesn’t serve her potential. She’s gone in a whisper and then Tony reverts his attention to Steve. “Shall we?”
The voice sounds so familiar, so sweet and devoted. So wanted and loved. He turns toward the voice and Natasha stands up and out of the way. He sees a figment and he wonders if he’s hallucinating again.
"A small contingent. You, your battle partner, and Hawkeye as your pilot. You must take him to watch and to see."
“There’s one possibility. But it’s very risky and we have no idea-.” Wong starts but Strange finishes. “If the virotherapy was a one in a million shot this is a one in a billion shot.”
“I get that,” Steve said, a little chided over what he had done. He worried now that his actions might have led to dire consequences for the rest of the pack, ones he could only imagine. “I just need to sleep now.” Before he left, Steve added, “That phone. Could you put something quiet on it? On the tray table?”
“There you are,” Fury says as he strides up to the table. His long leather coat, dark glasses, and scowl turning Steve rigid.
It always jerked away from the dreams before the rest of the memory or story. It hated the rest. The final chapters existed inside the cage, or at the table where the experiments happened. No hope or reality happened outside of the prison cell. Not since it acquiesced to the pain, to the torture, to Stark.
Tony leaves and the door partially closes. Steve ignores it, ignores everything except the view from the art room.
The omega gazes up at him. His expression ruins every hope Tony has for the future. There are no words that Steven speaks, just a hollow silence that beats through the air. The frustration with the omega rears up, boiling over his primal alpha instincts. Since he’s technically entering urgency, he cannot stop it. No rational thought can stop it.
“Talk to Pepper or Rhodey. See how they deal with the media hounds.” He waves at Steve. “Now, I need to rest. We’ll plan the trip in the morning.”
“What is it? What do you want?” Tony desperately needs to move, but he freezes and waits. He needs this to be perfect for Steve.
Tony waits as the man flounders around trying to place Steve and offering tidbits of excuses. “I assure you Prince Anthony, our establishment only caterers to the best.”
“Prince Anthony is partial to oceans and mountains. He likes the snow. He doesn’t like sand and desert due to the attack and his abduction.”
“I’d usually spit fire at you for trying to placate me, but I have a feeling you’re not doing that at all,” Tony replies. “Because it’s not in your nature.”
Tony chokes and pitches upward, but then slumps into the mud and snow, falling unconscious again. Light snow flutters all around them, coating the ground with a white silvery sheen.
Tony chuckles. It feels hollow like he’s a bird ready to fall from the sky with empty bones and no blood left. “No. Not real.” But Blu was real to Tony. In every way but in reality. “He was a little stuffed animal. I carried that toy around for years. Even when I went to college and grad school, I had Blu with me.”
“About people separated in different times, right?” Clint says and shakes his head. He gets to his feet. “Well, team building or shattering is done for the night. I’m off.”
“I am assuming you’ve ridden before?” Tony hadn’t thought about whether Steve knows how to drive a motorcycle.
“For the last time, I wasn’t trying to kill myself,” Steve growls out. “I was trying to do what’s right.” He makes his way back to the bed. He wanted to sit down in the chairs, show he’s not a sick, but the way the room spins, Steve decides the bed is probably the best place to be right now.
“I think you have that a little bit backwards,” Steve said and stopped at the doorway that opened to the garage. He signaled for Tony to get behind him and up against the wall. His breaths came in sharp painful pants. It was his weak body all over again. He pulled down his shield, rotated his shoulders, and then adjusted his grip on the shield. “I want you to stay behind me and the shield. You’ll be most protected that way.”
They ducked out of the apartment as the news claimed a witness saw Captain America and another man steal a car from a parking lot. The details were sketchy at best. The rain continued, and Steve started to wonder if Thor would keep it raining until they showed up at the safe house. Getting into the sedan, Steve tossed his bag in the back and they headed out of the city. It would take hours, possibly into the next day to get to the safe house. Clint hunkered down, deciding to nap as they drove, and the night fell over the city.
“So who is it?” Tony studied Steve. His usual broad shoulders hunched down and his face looked unusually wan, tired, and stricken by the truth. Tony decided to try a different tactic, one that would be blessed by Sorcerer Supreme himself. “Come on, Steve, we’re all in the same pack here. You need to tell me. I can’t help you if you don’t own up to it.” He tried to push calming waves toward Steve, but working the souls felt awkward like he was attempting to dance a complicated routine when no one taught him the choreography. As a novice in the soul bonding knowledge, Tony had a lot to study yet. He really needed that Strange guy to help him out with some more with lessons. “Well?”
Steve takes up position in front of Tony in the doorway and reaches back with a brush of his hand against Tony. With a simple touch to his wrist by Tony, Steve steps forward. He’s intuitive and makes sure to pace his gait with Tony’s own. It’s a little clunky but not bad.
The ground shifts and Tony swears there is an earthquake as he stumbles backward almost falling onto the bed. His whole body rings with the onslaught of the revelation. “You- wait, what?”
JARVIS immediately allows him access to the prince’s quarters, and he enters without the hesitation he once felt. The prince greets him, holding both hands to him. Steve clasps them and then Tony looks him over and smiles.
“Sarah,” Steve whispers and Tony only smiles at him – he remembered his mother’s name. He’s not just a tool created for the bidding of the Soul Keeper. He has a name and an identity. He has a family. The agony of the white flash pulls him under for too long, but eventually he claws his way back to consciousness and this time it’s the woman with red hair telling him the story.
As Tony stares at Bruce, listening to the words, the sunlight illuminating the workshop flickers. Clouds outside the wall of windows obscure the sky, block the sun. It feels colder in the room, though it shouldn’t. The room is climate controlled. JARVIS knows exactly the temperature Tony’s likes it at – but then why is it freezing all the sudden?
“Why are you trying to send me message telepa-.” Tony stops, glares at him, and then does a double take before he stands up and paces in the small space. “I cannot believe it. Those were real? Your real thoughts?”
Steven still keeps his mouth ready and willing as the dildo in his ass works him. Tony cards his fingers through Steven’s hair, massaging his temples. His spent cock only a few centimeters from a willing mouth. “Would you like to come?”
“For going all the way to Canada and back again in one day? You’re welcome. You will be receiving a pretty hefty house call bill,” Strange returns.
“I’m not sure I understand what you mean. He’s been an advisor to the Stark family since my father. Actually went school with my father and they became best pals or whatever. Obie and Howard were inseparable. Once Howard took to drinking his life away, Obie took over most of the Systems’ operations. Also, acted like a father to me when Jarvis – the original Jarvis – wasn’t around. I owe a lot to him. If he hadn’t been there when my mom and dad died, not sure I would have made it through.”
“Table? I think? Maybe my nightstand?” Tony runs a hand through his hair and Pepper exhales loudly and into his face. He coughs at her.
“Okay, okay,” Steve said, not all too sure he was ready to share but he hated going down the pathway of despair when it came to Peggy. She had been his first and only love. Sure he’d looked at other ladies since, but nothing really moved him. His face warmed – until… He refused to think about it. “Let me catch a shower and I’ll be out in ten.”
“Watch the light!” He cannot believe he is wasting trying to teach a lion to play laser tag with a makeshift laser pointer. “Come on kitty! You can do it.”
Steve grimaces in response and turns to Natasha. Her cheeks are flush, her chemise askew under her bodice. She glares at him and then points to the tray on the bureau. “I brought lunch for him.”
What it meant for Steve was that his two best friends left, and he ended up watching the train of life depart – getting smaller and smaller on the tracks. He unlocks his door and ducks into his apartment. It’s July and it’s already sweltering in the small studio. He shrugs off his shirt immediately, and then toes off his shoes. With a yank both of his socks are off and he stows them in his shoes. He goes to the small fridge that really doesn’t hold more than a few days’ worth of food and pulls out his pitcher of fresh water. Instead of bothering to get a glass, he drinks directly from the pitcher. Why not? No one is going to be visiting him.
“Not bad timing. The Council begins deliberations in a week. We should have more than enough time to get our coalition together. Natalie and her Fleet will be there. Asgard will be there as well. This is good.”
“Yeah, that’s right. Right.” Tony drops his shoulders. There is nothing to be done for it. He should get it over with now. “Okay. JARVIS?”
It feels so rote, so practiced, that Tony hates it. But he allows Steve to lead him into the apartment, allows him to loosen his tie and begin to nuzzle against neck. Relaxing a degree, he inhales and catches the smell of musk and sex. It twists in his stomach like a burning barb.
Steve takes a bite out of his cracker, sweeping away the crumbs. “He’s not wrong.” But a cease fire might end with some of those very regions he wants to protect falling into the Kree’s hands. It’s not a good balance and the Black Panther of Wakanda Systems knows it. He’s probably attending the lunch to feel out other pathways toward peace.
A rough breath leaves him. He needs to ground himself. The idea of losing Steve shouldn’t fuck him up so much. The first stage of a relationship is infatuation after all. Tony walks back to Steve’s room, enter,s and spots a nurse checking the read out on the computer. She goes to touch Steve and Tony snaps, “What are you doing?”
Steve sat up in the conference room. They’d gathered at the SHIELD New York City base, just this side of Manhattan. Since the moment it happened, Steve felt a little nauseous and shaky but he wasn’t certain that it had anything to do with his health and all to do with his introduction into this future – present – whatever. One thing he was sure of – his wrist ached. Ached like he was the sixteen year old kid again and sickly with the flu. He tugged on his uniform, trying to hide the markings. Overall, the future might be impressive in some things, but other things left a lot to be desired.
Tony turns around, not wanting to see Steve’s earnest expression. “I think it is. You have cook duty. I’ll do the clean-up.” With that he crosses the room and climbs the staircase. He forces himself to keep his pace steady and not rushed but once he gets to his room, he closes and locks the door. He leans against it and releases a breath. He has to get out of here. He can’t stay here with Steve. Not the way he feels, not with the secrets he’s hiding.
Steve doesn’t immediately answer. Bonds between humans and angels are not unheard of, but they are rare. Most angels guard their assigned human, walk into their lives, change things, and then walk out. Human don’t give angels a passing glance most times. They usually consider the angel a good friend, who has moved on and they lost touch - many years ago. It’s the way of life and time. But it isn’t that lost friend in many cases it is an angel interceding.
“Maybe I’m here for a different reason,” Natasha says, and Steve doubts her. There’s always been rumors that she’s a double agent, working with the underworld and Lucifer.
Schmidt knows this too well. He floats around Steve, taunting him. “How many souls did you capture and feed me. How many souls did I find succor with because of your diligent and honorable work?”
“Yeah. It’s not like they’re very good about hiding it. Did you happen to walk in on them yet?” Tony slides down into the bed. He’s under the duvet and sheet; Steve is not.
“Oh yes, I’ve stayed true to the cause. Not like you, not like your Director Fury or his sidekick Maria Hill,” he laughed as he talked. “Yes, I know about both of them. Though as soon as we made the move on you, they conveniently disappeared. Fury was a spy in another life I think.”
Clint shrugged. “Laura spends a lot of time taking care of the kids when I’m not here. I try and lift the burden from her as much as possible when I’m here.”
“Let’s give them some room,” Natasha said. She ushered everyone out of the room, but before she left she turned to them. “We need to talk about our next steps. Okoye will call a meeting of the Divini.” Natasha left with a lasting look at Tony.
“Always good to know,” Steve replied. “Thank you for what you did for Clint. For what you did for the pack. That wasn’t easy.” The images like phantoms hung close to the living.
“What’s he seeking redemption for?” Tony concentrates on the panels. With printed or hand drawn materials the glasses are always a little finicky – he has to adjust the parameters so that the read out doesn’t warp. He taps the side of the frames, zeroing in like someone would for binoculars. “There. Better.”
The Red Knight narrows his crimson eyes at him. “You’re not fucking with me, are you? You really do think that’s your name?”
“Better not be Spanish,” Tony mocks and takes his place next to Steve. “I’ll help him walk.” The guards look to Ross for guidance, but he only waves them off. Tony is allowed to place his hand on Steve’s bicep again and usher him into the underground complex.  Tony leans in and whispers, “Pentagon.”
The crack of laughter cut the air like an ax. It hurt to hear. “Yes. I suppose so.” He paused before he added, “It’s a lot to take in. I’m a harbinger of death now. Really. I thought as a vampire, when I was a vampire, I wouldn’t hurt anyone. I wouldn’t kill for the blood. But now I have this in my chest and hands and feet and I’m – I’m this other thing.”
Tony’s spaced out as if his mind’s a mass of beautiful circuitry without connection. Steve lightly brushes his hands through Tony’s hair who opens his eyes in a dazed stare. “Would you like to fuck me now?” His voice is throaty, rasping with want. The prince is so lavishly gorgeous like God made him irresistible in this state.
Getting home, they are able to sneak into the airport and through all the media and press due mainly to Pepper. Though Pepper is the CEO of Stark Industries now, she still intervenes when he needs her the most. Somehow, they make it back to his Malibu mansion without one photograph being snapped. The news is rampant about how Tony Stark, billionaire, playboy is no longer a playboy but has finally settled down with a mysterious, handsome young man. Photos are missing to back up the news stories and Tony’s grateful to Pepper for that little fact.
Steve stared at the road. Admitting an addiction might be the first step to recovery, but what if that addiction also meant the difference between life and death. “Did you just stop seeing Natasha?”
“You’d like him to be true to the most intimate definition of Beloved,” Natasha whispered, and he could detect no malice, no sarcasm. She tread lightly, like a ballerina.
“Get my horse is first,” Steve says. “But I’m not sure. I don’t like the thought of leaving Sam on his own. We need to bed down soon, this storm’s getting worse.”
Steve knows that Tony’s trying to distract him, and even then, the pain explodes in his head when he firmly forces the cartilage back in place. Tears prickle in his eyes and he suppresses the need to gag.
Steve jerks off his hat, thinking how uncouth and uncultured he must look to one like Tony Stark, raised in the highest of society. Getting to his feet, he tugs off the duster, his hat and gun belt and Jarvis is there, taking his belongings and hanging them on a stand near the door. "Excuse me," he says and clears his throat.
“We have gunner pods along the sides of the ship. And I slipped in a few shuttle ports at the stern, but the main ones are at the nose or bow of the ship.”
“Okay,” Steve says and ignores the tears blocking his vision. “Could you tell Vision to pack up the room. I need to get some of the research from the lab-.”
He considered the answer and his heart throbbed in his chest. He couldn’t parse why and he swallowed it down. Steve had seemed open to the idea of bonding with Tony, had agreed but the universe found him lacking. Found Tony Stark, the genius and hero of the Battle of New York wanting. He wasn’t good enough. He brushed his thoughts aside though it left him with a cold chill in his bones., “So learning all his secrets?” Part of Tony wished that the answer would be no, that she would never know his failing, that Steve had rejected him and he couldn’t be part of their little clique.
The door clicked shut behind him and Rumlow sighed. For a second, Steve thought he might have an accomplice in Brock as he stood there, unmoving. Then his hopes dissipated as Rumlow pulled out his knife and speared it through the old injury. Steve screamed out a cry and then panted through the pain.
“Vision is Syn. Everyone expects oddities from Syns. But you have to follow rules and codes of ethics, and the codes of polite society. Bringing me to a luncheon of the Conclave is not acceptable.” Tony bows his head but Steve lifts his chin. “I’m not ashamed of who I am or what I do. I’m only trying to protect you, Tony.”
Steve groans and the sound vibrates through his chest like a truck. It hurts. He hadn’t realized it would still hurt when he awoke, but then he’s not sure what’s happening or, for that matter, what happened. He peels an eye open to see Tony hanging over his bed. His beard needs a trim and his hair is in disarray over his head.
Before he gathers his startled thoughts, the vehicle rocks and then the delivery truck revs back to bash into the side once more time. Tony screams and fumbles to catch Steve’s arm as he glimpses a smear of blood across Steve’s face. It terrifies him more than the damned truck ramming into their car.
“You see, dear Sheriff, sometime ago during the war, I ended up a changed man. I won’t get in to that at this point, but it did leave me with a very different view of the world than my father or his associates.”
“I agree,” Clyn says. “You have to be able to see the consequences and forecast what will happen each step of the way.”
Steve collects some of the cushions from the couches and tosses them on the floor. He also discovers a cache of blankets which he also includes on the floor. Rolling the cart over to the little cove of blankets and cushions, Steve invites Tony to settle into their hideaway. “JARVIS, please ocean scene at night.”
“You need to rest your voice,” the woman says. She glances at the Red Knight. “It might be time to -.”
An echo from the soul bond alerted him to Nat approaching from his flank just as Clint circled around. Two of the Legion fired at the same time. Steve threw his shield to protect Nat but at the same time pushed his soul energy toward Clint. The bolt of energy helped Clint leap out of the way and onto a tree branch at least twenty feet in the air. Clint saluted him as Nat came over to him with his shield.
“What are those things?” Steve asks more to distract himself from the pain in his hands, face, and side.
Tony grins and quirks an eyebrow. “And I will. I’m taking Steve with me.” Opening his hand palm up, Tony offers it again to Steve. “Are you ready Steve?”
Pepper steps up to the desk and lays a pen down next to the paper. “You’ll be signing it here as well as.” She places a tablet on the desk. “Here.”
Rhodes put his hand up to stop Steve. “She’s right. You don’t understand Tony. While you think he’s being a genius he’s also a detriment to himself. He doesn’t understand danger. He plays with it. Hell, if the fate of the world rested in his hands and all he had to do was snap his fingers and die, he would do it. It takes the people who love him like family to stop him. So, I agree with Pepper. It might seem cruel and it might look like we’re treating him like a child, but I assure you, there’s nothing farther from the truth.”
Tony set the armor down and then it opened. He walked out of it and straight up to Steve. He wrapped his arms around him and pushed Steve’s rigid body toward him, holding him. Steve stayed frozen, stiffened by his own feelings of loss and isolation.
“I’m not even sure what corner you’re talking about,” Steve said. He recalled all of what Tony had said, all of what had happened. He’d died and Tony resurrected him with vampire blood – no Divini blood. He lapsed into a coma and now fought his way out of it. The world felt bigger, grander than it had before, yet he couldn’t parse why he felt that way. It was as if he stumbled upon a great and wonderful secret. When he searched their faces he glimpsed smiles and pride amongst them. “What’s wrong? Why are you all here?”
As he slid off the bed all grace and muscles Tony found it hard to breathe. Like a big cat, his muscles and sinews undulating Steve came to Tony's side and nuzzled near his ear.
“Dude, Captain America needs my help. There’s no better reason to get back in,” Sam stated. The confidence, the trust, filled Steve with humility. He shouldn’t agree, but he did.
“Because of me,” Tony said and he swallowed down the nausea. He never could handle people who were outright homophobic.
“It did, almost. Once.” Tony huffs a little. “Maybe the reason that one reporter is always on my ass about it, still.”
A bright holographic image appears above the phone surface. The schematic is rudimentary and obviously generated by Friday with a skillset learned from the internet. It’s good – no doubt about it – but it lacks finesse. Steve understands why Tony brought him in on the project. It needs refinement. Tony waves in the general direction of the interface. “I think I can upgrade it so that the region of the brain isn’t compromised. All you would have to do is place it sub-.”
“Wakanda’s dome protects me.” Tony stepped around Steve and then sat on the lounger. “Sit.” He patted the cushioned lounger. “Plus, Bruce and I are working on a formula, a sunscreen like you said, for daytime exposure.”
Steve stops shifting around and stands at rest – Tony assumes the parade rest again. “Yes,  I can. Sir.”
Steve laughs, but it sticks in his throat and someone tells him to take it easy. He’s not sure if it is Sam or the ghost of Bucky. There’s a clatter and then he hears the pad of feet on the floor. Natasha hovers over him.
Apparently word got around, he needed to talk to a guy who had a tendency to turn into huge rage monsters. “Not exactly what I thought.” He couldn’t explain the terror compounding in his chest as the cacophony of noise boiled over in his head.
“They said the vampires like to prick you and the blood pours out like a fountain. They like to drink from your eyeballs!” He screamed a little then because at that age Tony had a very active imagination.
As he stands up, Steve explains, “I was thinking of maybe watching a movie. They have Netflix and I still have some catching up to do.”
“What position? Dictator of the year? You know that the Science Faction, the Systems’ factions, the Beyonds, none of them are going to agree to the installation of a dictator.” Tony turns away from Stane, his eyes drift to the doorway where Steve peers out. He must catch a glimpse of Steve because his shoulders sag and he looks defeated – if only for a second before Stane starts to talk again, then his shoulders go rigid with tension.
“I’m not interrogating him, I just want to know why he pulled such a stupid stunt. He’s freaking Captain America and he should have better judgement!” Tony waves the bloodied paper in front of Natasha as she bats at it.
“No!” He shoved Tony away, knowing it hurt him, knowing it signified a kind of breaking away from their mutual seclusion from the hell that surrounded them. “No, I’m sorry but, I need to see him. Now. I need to see him.” He had to act. He couldn’t curl up and hide any longer.
Once the servant leaves the room, Tony takes a sip of his coffee, smiles in appreciation, and then explains, “The nanites would be deposited into your-.” He waves.
With that statement, Tony quiets and nods. He looks like a student, serious and attentive to the subject.
Eventually he ambled back to his bedroom and his mind drifted to the idea that Steve was now in his apartment a floor down. It was a strange balancing act, both hating Steve and being his Beloved. Part of Tony yearned to learn more, to be able to ask Steve to sit and talk about what happened today or any day. Yet, he couldn’t just forget that Steve saw him as something less. If one thing irritated and annoyed Tony more than anything else it happened to be the idea that someone would think lowly of him. And now, Steve slept in his Tower in the  same apartment he’d woken up in just hours ago. He’d done this to himself – gotten his hopes up for no reason. Why? Why had he hoped?
Ultron holds the world hostage and the only way to stop him is to go straight to the source, on the AI’s level.
“Please button up,” Tony says and then tugs on his own jacket. Steven follows his command and then gets to his feet when Tony indicates he can do so. “I reserve the right to drink later, of course.”
Later, when Steve is walking back to his jailhouse sans his horse, he thinks he might have been bamboozled by Stark and his little gang. He tells himself that he needs the time to get Stark away from his friends otherwise he might never find out what the man is up to and what’s his game.
“You know what really hurt about this whole thing,” Tony had said to him after the anger surrounding the truth about how his parents died dissipated. Steve stayed mute because Tony talking to him had become a rarity like an ancient clay pot. A beautiful treasure lost in time.
Tony reaches over and closes Steve’s mouth. “Not exactly. The reaction is killed before that happens, but enough gravity waves are produced for the station. The hard part is funneling it to the station and not everywhere else. The bowl is a by-product of that process.”
“This Realm protects all the souls of the dead.” He points his heavy sword at the heart of the Red Knight. “Only you, the Red Knight, poison the Realm. Turning good souls into beasts.”
“This isn’t physics. Look beyond,” Strange replied but then he stared at Steve’s wrist as if it was one of the crown jewels of England.  He grabbed Steve’s hand – his fingers hot like orange flames. “So very intricate. I’ve never seen the brand so very intricate.”
“She told me,” Bruce says and appears at the entrance to his bedroom. Bruce has one of the larger rooms in the brothel with a sitting room, a small kitchenette, a bath, and a separate bedroom. It’s large and spacious and Steve imagines it rivals Natasha’s own quarters. “Come in.” He’s wearing a robe and slippers.
The feeling of Blu washes over him, a starlight explosion of safety and affection. He moves toward the feeling, letting it encompass him. When it does, Tony holds on, holds on and wishes.
into the search engine and the hits came up – few but enough to help Steve figure out what the hell it meant.
Luggage and bags were scattered all over the car from the breached overhead compartments. He found his bag and shield – it was across the car. Wrestling his way to it and to Clint, he stopped periodically to check on the other passengers. As he made his way to his shield and his teammate a rattle halted him. He froze. The car shook and he grabbed the seat. Other passengers groaned along with the car. Steve peered out of the windows and saw no immediate danger. Outside of the car a young woman with chestnut red hair stood with her hands reaching toward the train. Between her outstretched hands a crimson fire grew.
“Why?” Steve sighed, his shoulders drooped, and the figures outside stirred as the winds picked up and the gray clouds beyond the windows funneled and threatened. “Because that’s what I do. I’m Captain America.” He wasn’t looking at any of them, just the sky, the storms on the horizon. “That’s what I was made to do.”
“Well,” Steve says and clears his throat. “I don’t know. Kind of like the desk job now. Less danger.”
Tiberius chuckles and walks over the bar. He pours bourbon, and shows the bottle to Steve. He waves off the offer. “Can you believe it? I have to admit, I wanted him when he was a Courtesan. Just thinking of him, wow. I wanted that.”
“Now, approach it like a scientist,” Bruce said even as Tony continued the chant. “Analyze it. Try to understand it.”
Tony deflates into the pillows of his bed, knowing full well he’s going to argue to go back in and to help Steve. This isn’t done yet, not by a long shot. Sam goes mute but his stare bores a hole right in Tony’s skull. Trying to distract himself from the hate in the room, Tony turns to something to avoid further personal discussion. “Is Steve-.”
“Okay, Daddy. Okay.” Tony rubbed his cheek and left the room. From then on, he hid his Captain America posters and comic books. He kept his love for his idol a secret. No one, not even Daddy could know. Even though his father left his mother and Tony periodically on sea journeys, Tony never asked about them again. His mother had muttered a soft curse at his dad and shook her head. He’d hear her speaking with her friends, asking why he had to find a dead soldier. But Tony grew up and he understood the thirst for knowledge – a dead soldier such as Captain America would have brought wonders. A live soldier something else entirely.
“It’s gotta be you. We’ll all be there to help out, but you gotta be the one to call him back. Otherwise, he might just finish his dance.” Once he finished speaking, Bucky released a breath and his shoulders curled downward with the burden of his past again.
Steve smiles. “Something like that. It broke up the monotony of battle. Brought a little lightheartedness to it. The first time we did it the Nazis laughed so hard we couldn’t even fight them. We all just shook hands and left.”
“Stark!” Natasha yelled. He turned and looked at her. “Drink. Now! Your lips are blue, and your eyes are completely white.”
Even as he tried to flee, a dual set of helicopters appeared in the sky and unloaded a volley of gunfire. Their aim was true and hit the Audi in the engine and the tires. He was dead in the water before he could get the car a few meters from the compound. It sputtered to a halt.
A bird chirped in the distance and Steve listened to it. A brook not far off from the cabin gurgled and ran, the current a song in the forest. He heard the bugs crawling through the underbrush and the life around him vibrating along the lines of the soul. Every life, every breath strengthened it, empowered it. He brought it together to weave an invitation to his Brother, to his Beloved.
“Pack?” He thrust his marked arm forward and demanded, “By all our forefathers and foremothers you will tell me how you marked me!  We know of this on Asgard but it is a rare thing indeed.”
“Yeah. That and the wound,” Steve said. He dropped the gauze in the sink. “What do you want me to say?” He looked over Tony’s shoulder and frowned. “God, Bucky, just open the door. Don’t lurk. It’s rude.”
“Yes,” Steve says and Jarvis reappears with a tray of port. He sets it on the carved table, pours the wine into small wine glasses,  and then disappears. “Where’s Miss Potts?”
It’s enough of a distraction that the four hovering close to Steven get the advantage and all four converge on him at once.  One of the attacking omegas takes a shock gun to Steven and hits him with a blast that knocks one of his fellow attackers as well. Steven falters, but stays on his knees. Again the omega hits him with the shocker. Again and again. Until he’s hissing and puffing as he breathes but he keeps climbing back up, getting to his feet.
He’s not one to ask for glory but he revels in the spotlight. Part of being who he is is the attention and the adulation. There are not that many primes. The Council may be ruled by the strongest alphas, but a prime deserves the chair. Or that’s what An’Tony’s father always said. He pummeled it into Tony’s head again and again. The idea that Tony was a prime caused a dichotomy of emotions from his father, one of jealousy mixed with pride. Tony learned from his father, learned to stand in the spotlight and soak in the accolades. As an alpha he deserves it, and as a prime he demands it. It’s gotten him into trouble in his youth. He had his rebellious period where he tried to shrug off the duties of a prime alpha. He drank his way through the Lane star systems down to the edge of the Purge. Nearly killed himself. Drugs weren’t his fatal flaw, alcohol always was. And there were so many sweet cocktails out there that Tony still thirsts for them. Now, as he prepares to make a claim for the high chair, he knows he has to tap down on his impulses. He has control of his nature and his drink. No one but an alpha could be as in control and as powerful.
“Go and put it on. I’ll wait.” She sits the edge of one of the cushioned chairs, her hands folded, but her expression expectant. She’s a woman who is used to her orders being followed.
The next moments blur – they make their way to the bed. Wine bottle gone, glasses – who knows where. The lube and condoms get tossed on the bed. Their hands never stop. It’s a rage of emotions and Tony overheats. He tears away his clothes and Steve’s are gone along with them.
“What you mean not wear the glasses for an extended period of time?” He stands up from the lounge chair and slips his phone in his pocket along with his earbuds. “Oh sure, I love it. Going au natural. Lots of fun.”
It gives Tony the creeps. Eventually he finds his way out of the pentagon. The moment with Pym bothers him like an annoying gnat. He's not sure what to make of the old man. Howard and Hank never saw eye to eye. They hated one another and Pym always accused Howard of trying to control his inventions and discoveries. Pym had been booted out of the inner defense circle, turning bitter. But once Howard died he'd been invited back in, though now that Tony encountered him, he thinks it hasn't done the man any good.
“Then it’s done!” Tony declares and waves at the door. JARVIS answers and the mechanism releases. Tony enters with Steve towed behind him. “JARVIS cancel any meetings I have today.”
Thankfully Obie releases him, takes a step away and spins around. He gestures to the lab space. "What are we doing here? This is old school."
“And I’m not so opposed to it. It’s just -.” Saying it was a new discovery for Steve made it sound like he was about fifteen years old, just found out about masturbation, and was confessing it to his buddies. “New.”
Steve thinks he might be a little awe-struck by the entire circumstance. Stark offered himself as a blacksmith but he’s living the life of the town royalty. Some part of him takes the entire show as an insult to his understanding of the world, but another part, the curious part, edges closer, sits down and watches with a fascination of one who has been excluded from this part of society.
“What big purple aliens?” Lily asked as Laura hushed her. Clint only grinned in what Steve could only described as supreme pride of his little family.
Tony helps him and soon he’s completely disrobed, his sun blushed body beneath Steve. He asks, “What consequences?”
It only takes a few minutes to start the fire thanks to his handy gauntlet – it actually took longer to gather the wood. Once the fire is roaring to life, Tony settles down next to a patient Blu and examines his paw. Only one paw has the burrs, which is good news. Tony angles the paw toward the fire.
With a graceful motion, Steve’s on his knees on the floor. He cradles Tony’s face in his hands. “I watched you suffer for so many nights in that cave. I watched you persevere. I watch you and longed for you to see me. Me. Tell me you see me now.”
Maybe that night Tony admitted to himself that barriers in souls exist, but those same walls have doors that open, welcoming and loving all the same. The next morning as he awoke, Tony stayed quiet in Steve’s arms, trying to will the day to stop. What they would face still hung over them like an anvil waiting to drop. Strucker presented an enigma, secured in his fortress in a distant country with little consequence to the world. But the work he must have done there, that changed the Maximoff twins, beckoned and warned the rest of the world. Things were not as they seemed, not always.
“Can someone get me a warm blanket?” Cho called and Steve heard the shuffle of feet as one of the nurses went to do her bidding.
“Before we do this.” He’s taking the bull by the horns and wrestling it to the ground. “You need to see something.” He pulls the t-shirt off and stands there, waiting to be rejected. He’s been rejected one way or another all his life. Tapping on the wirenet under his scarred skin that serves as his sternum, he says, “It’s fake. Titanium netting. Slowly builds up scar tissue and re-enforces it much like a stent. At first it was pretty flimsy, scared the shit out of me. But now it’s better, firmer. Not much scarring if you consider the-.”
“I know, but that’s how it was back then,” Steve said. Was he that way? Part of his soul trembled with fear of not knowing who he was anymore. “I don’t know how I’m supposed to deal with this. What I am supposed to do with it.”
Steve swallows down the bitter pill of reality. It’s funny really – because he’s literally in Ultron’s matrix. “Like I said before the Avengers’ compound – that’s home. For me.”
Prince Anthony Stark is known as brilliant, arrogant, generous, and brutal. He will fight to his last breath to defend all he loves. He is called the Hero of the Conclave. Most of the power within the Conclave originates from him. Most of the other kingdoms bow to him.
"I need to ask you or rather, tell you," Pym says and glances at the dissembling of the meeting. His gaze drifts over to Stane, his expression twisting. He steps away when Obie peers over at them. He gives a short wave and says. "Good luck, son."
“That’s what you think.” Tony shook his head. “They are waiting to control you, Cap. That’s the short of it. They want you under their thumb. You go there, they control the soul pack.”
Steve didn’t want to admit it, but he was suffering the consequences of too many feedings for Tony too close together. The serum was a miracle, but it wasn’t magic.
“Well, not all of it. I wasn’t going to reveal my big secret. But I did plan on leaving the gala early, just with a lot more ability to see,” Tony says. “Are we going or not?”
“Decade,” Pepper said, and her expression turned concerned and troubled. Tony tried not to think about what he’d been doing ten years ago. The memories were murky and filled with alcohol, drugs, and sex. All along this place existed for decades, for longer than Tony had been alive and something in there was the creation of his father’s madness and willingness to work with the devil. Tony shook himself out of the panic that squeezed his heart.
The vines of the bond pulsated with life and the agony streamed through them. Hot and angry, it constricted. He shook his head. He knew it wasn’t him, the pain in his gut didn’t originate from any injury or condition he had, but from elsewhere along the bonds.
Tony sweeps a hand down his back, trying to be comforting. He knows that the man’s caste, his biology, drives him to submit and to offer fealty to Tony. Yet, he also knows that the man has pride. Every omega should still have a certain integrity and pride within. It’s important to have it, a warrior needs it in order to be effective.
The words start whizzing around and he grapples to stay conscious but he finds her hands on him, injecting him with something and he’s falling again and doesn’t want to go there. He calls out.  A name, a stranger, a friend.
Tony shakes his head. He’s not going to share how he found the dildos in Steve’s drawer. How Steve would never let him top. How he had the most beautiful alpha fragrance and now he knows it wasn’t just alpha but omega mixed in – no wonder it was nearly high inducing.
Steve laughs and says, “No. I’ve never been here before. Roadside diner. I decided to take the back roads once we got out of the city.”
“I’m not jealous.” His heart speeds up and he’s glad the heart monitors aren’t connected anymore. “I’m not.”
Steve frowns at him. Captain America disapproving of him hurts a lot more than he will ever confess.
That is just a fantasy and one that Steve knows he must get out of his head. He doesn’t stop at the prince’s quarters to collect any of his stuff. He’s coming back, Steve promised. He makes his way through the ship without anyone stopping him. Finally, he disembarks and he walks to the main platform of the dock. The massive ship sits behind him like a mammoth wanting to charge. He races away, his heart pumping, his lungs straining. Steve heads toward his home, toward the brothel. He needs to get out, get away. Everything that’s happening is happening too fast and too slow.
Steve twists around and smiles at Tony. He looks adorably dopey, again. Tony can never get enough sleepy Steve.
“I don’t think this is a proper topic for when we’re eating anyhow.” Steve sips his tea, then continues to devour his sandwiches.
Tony searches around and grabs his stenopad. He rarely uses it, but sometimes when Pepper comes in he likes to pretend he’s too busy to talk to her about the mundane business stuff. He uses it to doodle. He scoops up a pen. “Will this do?”
He squinted at Natasha. The world blurred, and he fell back against the pillow. Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “What happened?” He remembered the cell – where they tried to break him. Where they had broken him. He shivered and the fears of the vampires as they came in the room and drank from him – made his body do things he didn’t want it to do. Respond to their chemicals. He wished the grogginess would take away that memory. The thing inside him, the storm, growing would wash away the misery of those feelings, those memories from him.  His eyes flashed open and he slapped at Natasha as she touched his chest.
Steve nods. His words clog up his throat. “I just- Tony’s off limits. I can’t fall for him. It’s not right. I can’t. He has enough on his plate without his Personal Assistant mooning after him.” He pulls out his hanky and wipes his face. When he looks at it, Steve laughs a little. “You know I think I need some space. You have everything you need?”
Steve found Clint to be an amicable travel companion, though a quiet one. He studied the crowd and remained on alert at all times. The idea that he needed a security guard was more than just outside the realm of ridiculous; it was ludicrous. He kept it to himself, though. After two years Steve hadn’t seen Clint on the active duty roster for SHIELD. That meant a lot. If this was Fury’s way to ease Clint back into the game, Steve could handle it. Plus it would give him time to get some shut eye. Being part of the pack actually toyed with his sleep habits because he discovered that he needed to astrally check in with each of his pack members before sleep. Most of the time a simple brush of consciousness worked. Other times the bond mate settled close to Steve’s soul energy for solace. He didn’t know if the other member was consciously aware of doing it, but he offered it all the time now.
“And so, you give up your Queen?” The figure of Tony sheds away as Ultron’s metallic body appears. He steps closer to Steve.
Steve laid his head back again and blinked away the tears, the weight of what she’d told him pressed on his chest and each breath labored against his sternum. “But Tony is one of these Divini now. With powers of his own?” A weakness pervaded his muscles, his bones. He ached all over as the turmoil inside turned more physical and painful.
“No,” Steve replies because nothing Tony’s saying makes any sense. He’d had his gland maliciously harvested again and again. He didn’t die then. It makes no sense. “No.” He cannot parse the words to debate and argue the point.
“That’s not funny. He’s obviously a psycho. Maybe we should go back to the city,” Steve says as he steers them to the bike.
“He’s dreaming. We can tell because of the stage of sleep he’s in.” There are probes netted over Steve’s head. “I can’t say much else, sir. We could try to give him a stimulant if you want to see if we could wake him.”
He had his eyes slightly lidded and his head thrown back. “It’s okay. Keeping doing it. I like it. It’s good, so good.”
Tony slips his hand under Steve’s jaw and bends down, kissing his mouth with abandon. Even as they kiss, Steve feels the tension leaving the prince’s body. His hands trail down Steve’s sides, then firmly plant at his waist. Breaking away, Tony says, “I think we should eat first. Otherwise, I may not eat at all. Not food anyway.”
“What I need,” Bucky mumbled, and his gaze dropped downward to the floor. He stood stock still for several seconds until he looked up again and asked, “It’s not a woman, is it?”
“I’m Tony Stark. I don’t want it to get out in the press until we’re ready. But now that I see your going to hold my husband prisoner, I have no other choice.”
Tony heard a scruff of a chair against the tiled floor and then the heavy footsteps of his uncle. Backing away from the door, he scrambled to hide behind a row of hedges as Obie opened the door to the workshop.
“At the damned hospital,” Tony mutters and realizes he’s not tracking and Steve’s not awake, and there’s blood on dripping into his eyes, and he feels nauseous. “JARVIS, get an ambulance.”
That brings a smile to the prince’s face. “Not one on one. Sure, I’m out there with my fleet, with Rhodey at my side. But I don’t get a lot of this – quiet moments.”
“Look at you,” Tony says in a low voice. He can barely make out Steve’s features in the glowing light of the lamp post. “You won’t let anyone save you.”
“God damn it, Tony. Stop!” Steve wanted to throttle him, but he hissed through clenched teeth and said, “I need you to pull yourself together. We can figure everything out once we’re safe. And we will get safe, Tony. I promise you that. I promise you!” Reprimanding Tony, stopping in the middle of their flight from the oncoming threat caused a lightheadedness to swim over Steve. He braced himself against the wall and swallowed down the nausea. “We need to get out of here.”
Another one appears in the lounge area. He spots it while they are supposed to be having movie team building night. Unfortunately, most of the team is not there and what’s left can’t decide on a movie. It’s between Saving Private Ryan and some shit ass romance The Lakehouse. Surprisingly Clint wants the romance and Natasha is backing Private Ryan. He has to tip the scales because it’s a stalemate and he’s the only other team member attending the required team building night.
“Living a life of isolation and being a recluse doesn’t sound like the Steve Rogers I know.” She portions out some of the stew for herself.
“Tony, this is only asking for trouble. What will the others of the Council do?” Pep says. “And you said you would never sync with an omega that wasn’t willing.”
Her expression softens a degree but still stays hard around the edges as if to prickle and tear at him. “I know, Tony, but it might be time to think about other things. Your ventures, James’ search, and my digging have found nothing about this Captain Rogers other than the fact that if he is alive, he lied to you. There is no evidence whatsoever that Captain America ever had children or had any living relatives in the United States.”
I posted this but took it down because I thought 1. I couldn't really motivate myself to complete it, and 2. I really  wished I had placed it as a Stony story instead. It would have worked better with Bucky being lured to the dark side and Steve as his brother trying to bring him back. Alas, I did not do that. So this I consider one of my 'lost stories'. Here it is...
He cannot let it continue. Not like this. Eventually as he slumps against Steve, he falls asleep as well. His mind heavily wrapped around the issue. When the bed jerks in response to Steve rising Tony finds his way to wakefulness. He rubs at his eyes and scrubs his hands through his tangled hair.
Sam laughed and the tension in the room eased. “Bird suit?”  The tension relaxed as Sam began an animated conversation with the boy.
“Yeah, but do you know about being in a relationship as the Beloved?” Bruce followed Tony as he tried to get away. He’d really considered the implications of being Beloved and how the soul worked, but maybe not as in depth as he needed. In his chest, a second heart throbbed a beat. If he stopped and listened, Steve’s presence, his soul threads would tangle around Tony. At first, they had been discordant, but now that dissonance rectified and hummed into a possibility, a melody. He shouldn’t even worry about Sam – it was fucking crystal clear how Steve had through the soul bond partnered with Tony in all but in deed.
“No. I mean yes, I would hope we would have been, but he died when I was about a year old or so. He was in the Army, died in action,” Steve says, and his words are swallowed up by the enormity of the facts he just shared.
“Now,” Tony says and stalls. His body leans forward against Steve. He grasps both of Steve’s hands. His gaze lifts. “And now, with this connection, this link, I’m exposed whether or not I like it. I’m vulnerable and…”
Steve gets out of the way then and, as the medics work, Tony wakes up. He’s confused and disoriented. Steve goes to his side and tries to calm him down as Tony protests being taken from the cabin.  The medic that spoke with Steve shoots him a glance as if to ask for help when Tony refuses to leave the bed or the premises.  Steve waves his hand and goes to Tony’s side.
At that moment, Steve cries out, arching his back and quaking so hard he tumbles off the bed. She doesn’t go to him, she only shakes her head and disappears out of the door. Before Tony grabs the door to keep it open, she’s heaved it shut again and the locks fall into place.
“No,” Strange says and Tony can almost hear the bemused smile. “It’s not. But I can tell you that it would be a shame if Tony Stark thinks that the glasses and the implant are his 1 in 14,000,000 chance. I know you, Stark, you’re here to save the world. You’re not going to let a little thing like visual impairment stop you.”
“I’m afraid this won’t do, Miss Melanie. Anthony, you see, is above average. Far above average. He reads on a high school level.”
Natasha smiles. “Yes. I can show you there. I want to scrub you and get you shaved too. I usually do all the new workers, if that’s okay. Then I’ll dress you, okay?”
It was a small cell, but not as small as the one that they had held Tony in when they first brought him to the Triskelion. The room was dark, except for a puddle of light in the center where a figure chained to the ceiling hung. Too many people were in the room with the gurney so it felt tight, closed in. The figure with his back to the door had scars along his back as if he’d been struck by lightning. Tony identified the Lichtenberg figures, fractals of the strike marring the skin. It twisted around the torso, branching out like a strange tree along the wounds on his chest. There were other wounds, older that looked like they were burns, and a stab wound in his abdomen that hadn’t healed. When Tony looked up, his soul ached and his hopes dropped.
He shivers and worries that it might be shock, probably is shock. He’s going to die because he decided to save a wild animal that reminded him of a stuffed toy. How fucked is he? Something in his side crunches – rib probably. His legs feel okay, but his head – not so much. He stays there with his face in the dirt and the sun beating on the back of his head. Blood drips down his temples into his eyes. He closes them. Luck would have at least killed him on the descent. Now, he’s going to suffer and die of heat and injuries.
“No, you never get over the first love of a mate, especially not your first mate.” As Thor spoke, Tony got the impression he was speaking from personal experience, and who could that have been all those ages ago?  “Especially if it means you are coming into your power.”
“My electrons whirl in their d-orbits with excitement. From the news reports and my surveillance, it looks like the roads won’t be open for at least another few days. The Avengers have a Quin Jet they are preparing to pick you up. They expect to get clearance by tomorrow morning.”
“I’ll knot you now, and then I will let you hang on the rack for a few hours.” Steve cannot help but thrust his hips as he thinks about being on the rack, being whipped. He cannot stop it. It’s part of who he is. “Do not come.”
Steve nods but his fears ratchet up. He tears a little at his t-shirt and chews on his lower lip. This could make or break him. If the prince says he screwed up, then he could demand Natasha punish him or even have the government arrest him. Yet, he knows what he signed up for when he agreed to the contract. The Widow’s Brothel allows the workers to stipulate what they will and will not do, not like some of the other brothels. He has a lot of leeway and he never put high dignitaries on the off-limits list.
Sitting up on the edge of a gurney, Steve had a blanket thrown over his shoulders. Cold frigid weather loomed outside of the tent. Tony heard the groan of the wind as it hit the fabric sides of the tent. Something smelled odd, like ozone.
Steve reaches across the table to grab Tony’s hand. “I know it’s been a little strange. I mean, I only just got back from the road, and from the ice. But we’re good, right? We’re hitting it off?”
“It’s romantic,” he mumbles as Sam places Steve’s head on his lap. He presses a towel to Steve’s shoulder and collarbone as he uses his phone with the other hand.
WARNING: There is an attempted assault in this chapter ...the victim does NOT get sexually assaulted but fights against it. But this might trigger some people so I want to warn you.
So he had a Beloved or a soul mate or whatever the hell it was and this soul mate found him repugnant. Let’s not even talk about the fact his soul mate brought into the pack a bunch of villains. How did that work exactly? The whole thing was giving him a headache. He drank the last of his tumbler of Bourbon with a quick cringe.
Tony snickers as they leave Vanko behind but when his gaze meets Steve’s it hardens. Swallowing down his trepidation, Steve offers, “If you really want to shop, then you should visit The Cage. Luke is one of the best on Prime.” He dangles the peace offering hoping that Tony will snag it.
“I could work with you more on it. Work in front of a screen and dictate what’s where. We could use a little teamwork.” Steve begins the facial massage and Tony swears that the man could make millions if he wanted to with his hands. His hands are miracles, his thoughts drift further as Steve talks about the code, about all they could do together.
He cleared his throat and tried to put on his best Captain America voice. “Yeah? Where’d she go?” His hands were buried deep in his pockets.
“Tony?” Steve said over the comm-link. “Clint’s down. Nat’s taking over his position. I called in Fury and Maria to evac him.”
Tony exhaled and then threw a hand up to his face. “I don’t think I can close my eyes. I keep seeing her. I keep feeling it.”
It changed Steve’s life and his dedication to Tony seeded and grew in that moment. Over the course of those first few tentative days, Steve woke for the first time in this new century, some of his faith had been restored – because of a vampire. Since they thawed him, Steve walked the Earth more like the dead than the undead themselves. He went down not expecting to wake up again. When he woke up they’d told him the war had been won; they didn’t tell him what’d the world had lost. His connection to Tony transformed his mindset, rooting him firmly in the 21st century. He said goodbye to his melancholy concerning what he’d lost and set about discovering what he’d gained.
Bruce cringed at Tony’s outburst and Natasha arched a brow at him, but she didn’t reprimand him, and he took that as a win. Bruce shuffled over to the keyboard and started to type, his fingers flying over the console. “I went to check on some of the security that you installed. You know, we talked about it about a month or so ago. And you wrote the code into JARVIS and I wanted to see how it was working.”
The elevator across from the parking spot rang and both Steve and Clint turned to it. JARVIS announced the arrival. “Captain Rogers, it is good to see you. Sir is on his way.”
Tony barked out a laugh. “Sure, you did, pal.” His feast for tonight was far too young to have fought in World War II. He bent down, too hungry to stop himself, and he bit into the man’s neck.
She stretches to pick up a tablet. She flicks it open and holographs appear between them. “Steve Rogers. Trained in classical art. Best friends to one of the best known soldiers of the war, Bucky Barnes aka White Wolf. Mother died not too long ago. Looks like you have several ailments that needs to be attended to, but you can’t afford the augmentation. That’s what did your mother in as well.” She pushes the holographs that laid out Steve’s life like a twisted reality-vid.
Ross sits back in his seat, legs crossed casually to the side, hands loosely clasped together. “Let’s say this is the truth. Let’s say you’re still bonded. You do know that I could take you into custody and charge you instead of Mister Rogers.”
Silently, he curses super soldier hearing and ends up in his room trying on the outfit. It’s not bulky at all like he would imagine most winter weather clothes. Instead, it feels the way it looks. Sleek, trim, almost like what speed skiers wear in the Olympics. He assesses himself in the full length mirror attached to the back of the bathroom door. He likes the way his ass looks.
It isn’t Pepper who digs out the dirt, but in fact the reporter Tony once slept with Christina or something like it – he finds out at a gala. He finds out that his whole world is false and that he’s been handled by a traitor his entire life. He’d thought Obie was a friend, but in fact, the man has been trying to wheedle his way to control Tony’s company since his father brought him on the payroll. Of course, it wasn’t Tony’s company back then – it was Howard’s.
“You are very much a sub that you would react so well to the rack even in these circumstances. Of course, learned compliance isn’t actual consent. But for you, you are made this way, aren’t you?” Even as Tony watches the omega’s cock jumps. “Yes, you are.” Tony reaches around to the man’s buttocks and slides a finger into his ass. The slick drips heavily down the man’s leg. Tony scoops some up and rubs it along his right hand. Wrapping a hand around the man’s waist, he glides it and grips the man’s cock. All the while the omega tenses under his hand, tight and firm as if he might explode in a fury of action and pain at the same time.
The rooftop observation deck has every amenity anyone could ever ask for, from telescopes to hot tubs to a small shaded area with green grass and miniature trees with an umbrella and chairs. Somehow or another, they end up on the grass, sitting there without a blanket but with cushions stolen from the lounge chairs. The hot pot is on a wooden platter and the pad Thai is on a dish. They both have chopsticks which have been abandoned for forks and spoons.
“What? You mean through telepathy?” Tony crossed his arms over his chest as if to protect himself. “You said it didn’t work that way.”
“And I didn’t write your ass up, be grateful. Plus I’m the one who gave you the intel on that mission,” Fury says and glares at Steve. “I share, I’m nice like that.”
Steve cracks open his eyes and the room swirls around him. He gags and squeezes his eyes closed again. A weight lands on his shoulder and he realizes it is a hand, slight pressure that isn’t threatening though he jerks under its touch.
“Fine, he’ll die and then what will happen to your little plan?” Steve says and there’s blood mixed with the spittle that comes out of his mouth.
His mother had been kind to them. On a Christmas Eve, she invited them over and shared the thick stew and big, chunky bread rolls she’d made. They all ate until their bellies ached and sang Christmas Carols afterward. His mother brought out a pie and they cut it and ate it. They didn’t have a tree that year, since it was a tree or food. Yet the young men sharing a flat knocked on their door the next day – Christmas Day – with a tree. It had been theirs, but they insisted that little Stevie have a tree. He smiled at them and still remembered the way they had smiled at one another – so happy – so joyful – and with so much love.
Steve hadn’t asked for money. Or stock. He’s an artist. He works on comic books. Why would he mark Tony as someone to con. Then Tony remembers that Steve had been down to his last few bucks when he hired him. It all made sense now. Tony had been an easy mark, but then again, he’d trusted Steve with his most important secret.
After some time that Steve cannot count or measure, Frigga stops and, on the horizon, Steve spots Natasha and the woman named Gamora appear. Their images waver as if distorted by heat. Waiting, Tony clamps his hand tightly into Steve’s grasp. This is it. This is the start of the end.
Tony instantly and with the integration of their consciousnesses together, they expunge the last remnants of Ultron. Steve opens his eyes, and the operating room disintegrates. The grotesqueness disappears. Ultron standing before him flakes away, whispering away like a few grains of sand blown away in the wind.
Steven presses his lips into a tight line and pauses before he answers. When he does, he looks straight through Tony as if he’s talking to a ghost. “Someday, you may.”
Before Steve can turn around, Tony waves him back. “Do you want to see your drafting table and lab bench?”
This was a small ship with a bay opening right under Bucky’s booted feet. He clutches onto the strap, he doesn’t want to drop into the forest below without warning. He spots Sam close to him, rigging himself up with the straps as well. They both have their fists twisted in the straps waiting for the floor to drop out from under them.
“Wanting to move on is not a sin, Steve,” Sam says. He’s zeroed in on the one thing that’s obvious. “Plus you like him. It’s okay to like him.”
Tony kisses his cheek. “How about I play the piano for a bit and you, you do that little thing we talked about earlier?”
“Skedaddled. I suppose that’s the technical term,” Tony says, not looking at Steve. He doesn’t want to see the condemnation about his sexuality in Steve’s eyes. His father’s was more than enough for a lifetime.
"Steve was a good man. And he was lost to us, to your father, to me."  She pauses to gaze at him. "But that's not what you want to know. What you want to know is something I cannot say. You need to look deeper, farther. Perhaps even more than Howard did. Because Howard searched, he searched for something they wanted."
"Yes, Stane had his goons kidnap me. It wasn't pretty and I'll bear the scars for the rest of my life, such as it is." Tony lays a hand on his chest, subconsciously, and Steve furrows his brows as he sees a certain pallor, and sorrow shift over the usually exuberant man. He snaps out of it. "Now, Captain, eat, we have much to talk about and more to plan."
Steve finds his way back to a bend in the maze and then presses the cuff of his shield. It activates. Inhaling once to summons the courage, he exhales and then slams his technological wonder of a shield into the rock wall. Sparks fly, sizzling but he’s not harmed. On the other hand, the wall bares the scorch marks of the impact. A trail, like Hazel and Gretel.  Hopefully there’s no creatures in the maze that might consume burns in stones.
It’s getting too dark to work; the only light being the one planted in his chest. Tony opens up the armor’s chest plate and pries the arc reactor interface. It clicks and then the whole mechanism releases in his hand.
The vampire halted in front of a warehouse. “No, I didn’t. I was turned my second week of Freshman year.”
Almost instantly, he heard a howl from the far distant farm house. Tony set down next to Steve and shot off fireworks of his own, blasting his own Legion as parts sprayed over them. Clint yelped and collapsed next to Steve, cursing as his vest flashed red. The steady red light meant he took a lethal hit while Natasha’s continued to blink. Both of them sat on the ground at his feet with looks of disdain.
Tony crawled to the footwell behind the passenger side while Steve pulled the front seat up as close to the dashboard as possible, but then laid the back to the seat down to shade Tony. It would be a tight fit for Tony but he would be safe.
“Sorry I forget the thing about cats and sleeping for 22 hours a day. Is that the same for big cats?”
“We’re gonna have more Steve.” It might be his bravado speaking, it might be hope and wishes, but he’s not letting go. Not now. “We have a whole lifetime because of them.”
“You’ll be better off,” Tony mutters to himself as he connects wires, cobbling together different pieces and sections of the armor that don’t belong. “Being around humans has brought you nothing but trouble. When I leave it will be good riddance. Better that way. I’ll be out of your hair. You’ll be out of mine.” He hears a shuffling and discovers Blu watching him with a haunted look in his eyes.  “Really, you’ll be better off here. It’s like paradise here.”
The wind gusts and pitches him over, but he recovers and finds his rhythm as he climbs up the slope. Tony’s nowhere in sight, which is either a good thing or a terrible thing – Steve decides to believe in the former. The latter is untenable.
“Shut up,” he says, and he drops the cigarette in the puddle to extinguish it. “You’re not going to bait me, not with my friend’s face. I’m not going to listen to you.” He stands up, determined to walk away, determined to not hear Bucky’s voice belittle him.
“Bruce came back. He’s concerned for your friend,” Tony says and looks to the staircase. “Says it doesn’t look good.” He digs something out of his pocket. It’s a small bottle. “It’ll help your friend, it’s for the pain.”
Using the tree to brace himself, Tony gets up. His body shudders. The adrenalin of fear courses through him. He is going to have to take his chances with the poppy field farmers. He cannot stay with a wild lion. His brain is addled. There’s no other explanation. He takes a step, but then he hears the distinct rattle of metal alloy. He spins around, terrified and panicked. Blu stands there with the entirety of the armor in his mouth. The lion glances at Tony and then starts to walk toward the path they found to the stream.
What could happen? Nothing – he keeps telling himself. Nothing is going to happen. Steve is okay, he’s got things under control (if you call letting that Frank character beat the crap out of him every couple of weeks). He hates to think of other men or women touching Steve. He’s beginning to think in terms of being a couple with Steve, and not just a beneficial fuck relationship. He’s even dreamed of the future.
“If Dad could have, he would have changed his own genetics,” Tony says. “But we all know that kind of thing went south pretty fast. But you think I could do this my way? With the omega?” That would mean ignoring everything he learned, and trusted from Estane. From his mentors and tutors over the years.
“You’re burning up,” Tony says. “I thought most of the infection had passed. I don’t know what to do.”
Steve moved through the days as they transferred him to a private apartment in the palace. He thanked them. He went to the balcony and hoped that they were wrong. That Shuri and the other vampires and Divini were wrong. That he would burst into flames or the sun would make him weak. Nothing happened. He sat out in the sun and not even the blinding light penetrated the darkness. The cell became everything. It transformed his breathing, his life, his heart beat. He began to hate the blood inside of him. He thought of ways to drain it, he spiraled further and further until he longed for the darkness, but all he could see was the sun. If he stayed in the sun, then he would be damned for his humanness. If he went to the dark, then he would be damned with the memory of the cell.
Thank you all for reading this story. I will post the next chapter around July 8th. Sorry for the delay but I will be going out of town for the next few weekends with the family. I hope you enjoyed it...
As Steve ushers Tony away, he hears Pepper asking people to go back to their seats. She’s not answering questions thrown at her but she’s taking it like a trooper as she steers the audience back toward current Stark Industries advancements and that, yes, the research and development department is headed by Tony. Yes, he’s responsible for the majority of advancements brought to market over the last decade by Stark Industries. Yes, even blind.
Steve only nods to that tidbit. He doesn’t need to know these things. What he needs to know is what he’s up against and how to end it so that they can free the souls in the Chambers, rid this limbo of the Soul Keeper, and move on to wherever they were meant to be.
Wong exhales, loudly and irritably. “This is true. The computer algorithm that should teach them isn’t as sophisticated as we would like. Hank is resistant to change it. He’s had good successes outside of the biomedical arena so he’s focusing there.”
“Handling being attracted to moi?” When Bruce screwed up his mouth and glared at Tony, he dropped the act. “Okay, okay. Not well at first but he’s coming around to it. He tried to make a huge leap but, believe it or not, I stopped him. I was actually quite proud of me, myself and I for cockblocking myself.”
Tony would take him into his mouth, his hands caressing his cock before licking the length of his erection, but Steve only has his hand and he takes himself without any hesitation. He strokes, thrusting firmly into his fisted hand, wishing all the more for Tony to be at his feet, touching him, sucking him. Just the thought of Tony’s lips stretched over his thick erection, the head of his cock pounding into the back of Tony’s throat – just enough to make tears leak out of his eyes, causes Steve to moan in horrible need. He’s undone, unmade, broken by the desire. He fucks into his hand, throwing his head back as the water splashes down on him. He yells out as he scrapes a fingernail along the head of his cock and then he’s coming, hard and fast and surrendering. He stumbles and goes to his knees, bending over to the floor of the shower as the water hits him. Panting into the stream of water, Steve shudders with the aftershocks and finds he’s crying silently. He wants so much, so much of what he can’t have. It takes long moments before he can piece himself back together. He’s shattered, shards jagged and splintered. When he manages to get to his feet, Steve turns off the water and staggers out of the shower like a drunk. He sways a little, hungover from his climax. He pulls a towel from the shelf and wraps it around his waist. That’s when he hears the pounding on his door.
“It’s good to have you back. Both of you,” Natasha says as she leans back in her lounge chair. They are all lingering on the back balcony of the compound in Upstate New York after a celebratory dinner. She sips her wine and offers another toast. “To Tony for possibly being the most thick headed pining lovebird I know.”
This time Tony accepts it and thanks Steve. He spoons the broth and sips it slowly. He’s still nauseous but the weakness from hunger supersedes it.  Steve rips off a hunk of the loaf of bread and gives it to Tony. He dunks it in the thin soup and chews it. It’s stale but it tastes like heaven. He cannot remember the last time he ate bread.
“I’ll be here when you wake up,” Tony says. He finishes up the first aid and then Steve turns over and falls deeply asleep. Watching him, Tony analyses what he’s learned – escape, Nick Fury. Someone is after them and they haven’t gone to the police. What has Tony tumbled into that involves Captain America and a gang of sick people. Why are they sick? What happened to them?
When the waitress comes over to the table, she asks, “What’s would you like?” Steve orders first and then when it’s time for Tony to order, she says, “What will he have?”
“I think you mean it scared the shit out of you,” Steve returned. They had gone out for one last fling on the town before Bucky shipped out. Brooklyn’s idea of a town happened to be something akin to a four corner stop with a fuel station, the local transport station, a bar, and a church. The grocery shop found room in a tiny corner of the fuel station. Since there wasn’t much food there wasn’t much reason for a grocery store.
“You’re dead. We all are. Dead that is.” Tony points to the wound on his neck. “That is a product of some very smooth magic. That’s one of the reasons I called Frigga to come and heal you. It’s Soul Magic and she knows about that kind of thing since she was raised by witches.” He states all this as if it’s common knowledge.
A few guards file into the Quin Jet and settle in the back as Tony goes through a pre-flight check. Tony tells Steve to take the co-pilot seat which feels all kinds of wrong, but he follows the prince’s request. He grips the arms of the chair to ensure he doesn’t muck anything up by touching it at the wrong time. Tony spots him and winks.
“No, he’s a doctor,” Natasha says as she eyes the man; there’s a critical look to her expression as if she doesn’t quite trust the doctor, as if she’s still weighing her options and opinions on him. She categorizing everything about him, and Steve will tap her for information later.
“Tell me that he would condemn you then. Tell me?” Tony says. Though his words are firm, his tone is gentle.
Natasha folds her hands and places her elbows on the table. “I think we’re more concerned about you than we are about some silly Rail contest, aren’t we Bucky?”
Even as Steve met Bruce’s green gaze, he knew it was finished. There was no turning back, and if the serum couldn’t stop it in Steve, then the faulty serum that caused Bruce to turn into the Hulk wouldn’t be able to stop the course of nature. A nature that seemed so out of place for Steve. The brand was done.
“This is an anal hook. Only masters of play should use this and while you aren’t one, I am. Plus I’m a most excellent dom. So I’m going to hook you, but here’s the kicker, I’m also going to make you use your mouth on my cock.”
“Oh Jesus,” Tony whispered. He’d read the stories of Captain America’s life. He usually skimmed over the early parts of the stories as a child, too impatient to get to the good stuff. The story of Steve Rogers before Project Rebirth seemed inconsequential to an eight-year-old boy bent on reading about his hero. He recalled from those small bits of information he retained that Steve’s mother died of tuberculosis when he was a young man before the war. He was left nearly destitute because of his own health problems, the Great Depression, and his inability to work manual labor. If it hadn’t been for Bucky, Steve may have died long before that the faithful day of Project Rebirth.
Steve grabs hold of the desk to steady himself as he wavers. “I will be.” He leaves it at that, but there’s a distant pain in his eyes and he looks like a man about to give in and give up. “You shouldn’t have come. They-I made a deal.”
“You keep believing that, maybe it will.” She smiles sardonically. She tries, she really does. But right now, she’s about to throw herself off a cliff in sacrifice to just have this whole thing over.
"Come on," he'd said as he dragged his hand down Steve's come splattered chest. "Come away with me."
Steve only swallowed down the acidity of the bile, the taste of metal a reminder that he was a messenger of war and nothing else.  Who was Steve Rogers? Nothing but a war machine, a tool of the powers that forged wars all over the world. Not a family man, never a family man.
“It’s nice that my hallucination is worried about me. At the same time, it’s not so nice that my hallucination thinks I’m arrogant,” Tony says and drops his arm over his eyes. His chest protests the movement. He doesn’t care.
Tony doesn’t want to play the ‘be polite’ game. He’s done with all of that. He’s tired and cranky. He wants to know what the hell is going on. He zeroes in on Logan. The weary look of a traveler stains him, but he always looks like he’s been slapped in the mud and set out to dry like that. “You knew about this?”
Steve must understand hear the hesitation in his tone. He wraps his arm and leg around Tony. “What is it? You can tell me anything.” He kisses Tony’s hair.
Steve manages to get all the sketches and gathers them together to place back in the cheap leather portfolio. “It’s just a study. Nothing more.”
When he wakes in the morning, Tony stiff and exhaustion hangs over him. Blu looks the same as he feels. He thumbs it over his shoulder. “Let’s get some water and clean up a bit. I have to find a way to get all this stuff over to the meeting up place.” The pieces and parts of the armor are strew all over their wild home. “Come on.”
“Shut up, you idiot,” he whispers. Dreams aren’t meant for people like him – from the Beyond Regions, an officially registered whore. Fairy tales and happy ending don’t happen. He’s better to think about how long he can last in the Brothel. Natasha commented that she thinks he won’t last. He’s got to change that. If anything, Steve needs to last at the Brothel. There’s nowhere else he’s wanted.
“Nope. It’s time now.” Tony picks up a large silver briefcase. He slams shut the laptop and then packs the suitcase with the computer and wires.
“You are seeking peace. Peace may be found in books for some but not for you. For you, it is  in places secret from all prying eyes.”
Steve shuffled his feet. “Sorry. I’m sorry to worry you. I’m a little off my game with the Mantra. I should try and get some time to regulate again.”
“You mean that?” Steve’s eyes are wondering, amazed at his words. “Really, you’re not disgusted with me.”
“Pretty bad,” Steve says. He’s not sure about the scale but the utterly defeated look and demeanor of Tony showed Steve enough. “I think he needs to just feel the sun on his face a little.”
Tony had to confess how he felt. By telling the truth, laying it bare than Steve would have to face it as well. “I really enjoyed those dreams.”
“If it means anything at all, I wish it were true. Well, not the Ornari and the whole end of the world thing,” Steve says, and his voice is rueful with pain. “I wish we had what they had.”
