He sat up, kind of annoyed "You keep saying that. Steve, I'm sorry, I should have believed you, I should have talked to you" "I wish I could have done things differently, I really do". His face dropped but he was smiling. I turned around, he was looking in disgust at his cut "Could you put that back on here please?". I got back onto my knees and pressed the shirt to his cut "What happened to you Stark?".
"Come on Steve, we need you with us up there", her head gently touched my shoulder "No you don't, you need a leader, and I am certainly not a leader". Bruce was awkwardly standing by a tree kicking the dirt at his feet. Nat looked up at him and then back at me. Her face was soft but she had a broken smile "You'll freeze out here and we don't have another seventy years to spare waiting for you-" Bruce interrupted her.
Well it wasn't my nightmare, we all looked around at each other "This one is mine boys", Natasha walked out the door first, Bruce and Steve followed close behind her.
Tony looked around "Where are we anyway?". I heard the bow click "My farm" "What's going to happen Barton?" Natasha asked "I think I already know, follow me".
I threw my shield at Thanos but it just bounced off him, bang, his mother joined his father.
• Two weeks ago at the welcome home party•
Clint's POV
We waited until they were on the sofa and down each other throats. Sam whispered "I guess it's go time". He shoved me into the room and walked in after me "Oh my God!" He shouted. Steve pushed Tony off his lap and looked right at me, I panicked "Steve, what are you doing here?" "Oh um..." he sighed "Bucky I'm sorry I didn't tell you...but me and Tony, we are". Tony grunted "We're dating, cool? Okay let's go back up stairs".
They had collected the space, power and reality stone, then Dr Banner fell out of the circle. I panicked as no stone apperaed. Rocket clutched my leg "They are all going to die!". The soul stone appeared and joined the collection. Rocket let go of my leg and took a big step away, trying to clear the awkwardness.
I didn't give him much of a choice, I dragged him to our room, not the same room we slept in last night. This one was bigger and nicer but I would have slept anywhere as long as I knew Tony was safe.
Tony's POV
We searched in silence, listening to the fight still going on. Then Tony burst through the door with Bruce, they were arguing "Cap can you please tell him that he needs to stay out of this and remember it's not real!" I automatically agreed "Bruce it's okay, I know it's hard to watch, but Tony's right, we need you with us". Bruce blinked at me and shook his hear "You have no idea what is about to happen Steve, and therefore you don't get a say in the matter".
I glanced down and smiled seeing the blue of his arc reactor hit against my dog tags but I couldn't help but wonder am I more to him than just sex, and will he ever "be ready" to come out to the world. I was hopeful, but hope breeds eternal misery.
There was a knock on the door, I yelled "Don't come in" "As you wish Mr Stark" it was Thor "What's going on point break?" "I have been sent to tell you and Captian Rogers that breakfast is being prepared" "Thanks Thor, we'll be up in a few".
I dragged him away and out the door. The Audi came around to the front door and I jumped in "Tony you've been drinking!" "Well there is no chance I'm letting you drive this car". He glared at me "Fine!" I scooted over to the passenger seat and let him drive us back to the compound.
"Don't bite you lip sweetie, let them moans out" he pulled my lips apart with his, making me release the moan I tried to hold onto. He focused on my lips as his hands ran up and down my body, twisting a nipple every so often, but never my dick. "Your so sexy Tony, I can't beleive how gorgeous you look, stark naked, begging me to take you" I liked this side of Steve, but I was still Tony Stark "I definitely have not begged".
Clint had on black trousers, a white shirt, and a white jacket that had black lining and a black tie. His hand was resting on the small of Laura's back. She had a black fishtail dress on, it had white sparkles starting at the waist and they ran up her side into a collar.
Tony's POV
Thor was explaining exactly how this would work and how all the memories and worst fears we try so hard to bury are going to be brought back up and shared with each other. Natasha and Clint looked uneasy, but still smiled. I stood up to speak "This is not going to be easy, we are going to find out things we never imagined about each other-" Tony walked in and took a seat, my seat actually "-but regardless we have to work together and we need to find these stones. We've all lost people, we need to get them back before it's too late. Everyone grab a snack and hed off to bed, it's a big day tomorrow.".
Scott's POV
I didn't take notice after that, I assume the rest of the team were appreciated but I couldn't wait, I whispered to Pepper "What the hell is going on?". She clapped and smiled, mumbling to me "Sharon knows about you and Steve" my chest went tight "How do you even know about me and Steve!".
She pulled me into a small room. Probably the equivalent to a normal world supply closest. She kissed my lips and glided her hands down my back "I missed you Tony" I kissed her nose "I missed you too". Her hands shifted from my lower back to the front of my belt, she had an evil smirk "I was so terrified you were gone forever when you got on that spaceship, you need to stop doing stupid stuff like that" "Well then I wouldn't be me, would I?". Her hand dipped deeper into my trousers. I kissed her lips slowly, I don't know why we kept up this happy couple act, but I knew that Pepper was the only woman in the world who I could marry. Just as the kiss got deeper the door opened.
When I let his fingers out of my mouth he pulled me up and turned me so my front was pressed against the wall. Then my trousers were around my ankles and he was pulling my ass cheeks apart. "Are you okay Tony?" My legs were shaking "I will be once you get to work" he spanked my cheek "Patience". He ran his hot wet tongue up my crack and then bit my cheek on each side, finally into my hole, it was an amazing feeling.
He readjusted so he was supported by his elbows and his seven-inch rock hard dick was up against his stomach. I leaned in to kiss his neck, travelling slowly to his stomach them stopping to pull off my own boxers "So that serum really did work everywhere" I blushed "God Rogers you're gorgeous". He slid off the edge of the bed and onto his knees. I looked up at the ceiling "Steve look at me, talk to me". I glanced down at him. The way his eyes looked up at me melted my heart, then he grabbed my dick and put it in his mouth. I moaned loudly as he took the whole nine inches into his mouth. I pressed my arm against the wall, almost punching it as Tony's head bobbed up and down, his spit coating my shaft. I could feel his tongue swirl around me and then a pop.
Tony's POV
Steve's POV
Steve's POV
It was a nice romantic moment, a loving and caring kiss. I stepped away from him "how about we go up to our room?" He scowled a little "It won't be ready for another hour, and we can't be late to dinner". I pouted in thought "Well the limo is still here, unattended?" He grabbed my hand and tugged "let's go!".
By the end of the speech both men had tears running down their faces. Tony buried his face in Steve's neck and clutched him tight, like he was afraid that he would disappear if he let go. Steve held him just as tight.
Tony groaned but stood up anyway.
He told them how Tony managed to escape Rumlow (which earned him a bunch of proud expressions) and how he had managed to get in contact with them and also blow up the entire facility.
--------------------------------------------------------------
“I thought that we could try something different today, you know? Yesterday when I left I kept thinking about how to deal with you since I wasn't getting anywhere and you know what came up in my mind? I thought “if I can't break him from the outside, maybe I could try from the inside. And I know just what to do to achieve that goal.”
“Rumlow” started Natasha and cleared her throat “Rumlow is a member of HYDRA. He was the one who tortured Tony the first time he was kidnapped. If he got a hold of him again, I'm afraid he won't even be alive when we find him.”
Tony couldn't help himself, he doubled over laughing, coffee forgotten on the table in front of him. Steve beamed at seeing the boy laugh and just looking so happy. Tony ignored the slight pain in his ribs and stood up, wiping tears from his eyes. He looked up and saw Steve standing right in front him with a tender smile on his face.
“That settles it.” Steve spoke up for the first time since he had woken up “We get him tomorrow morning. I'm going to call Coulson and Lehnsherr to make sure that we have the help we need.”
Suddenly Clint burst back into the room and was basically shouting.
Steve looked around him and saw that the redhead was right, everyone wore guilty expressions and couldn't look each other in the eyes.
After around a minute Tony snapped out of his trance and cleared his throat. Steve turned around and gave him a big smile which Tony returned, even though his eyes kept glancing down at the Captain’s toned chest. Steve pretended that he didn't notice and instead went over to the coffee machine.
Steve groaned at Tony's words and and he opened the bottle, squirting down a fair amount on his fingers. He knew that Tony was a virgin and wanted to make this as painless as possible.
Tony moaned loudly and arched his back off the bed. He didn't know that his nipples could be so sensitive, he hadn't really thought about it before. The furthest he had ever gone before Steve was exchanging hand jobs with a boyfriend he's had when he was sixteen.
He slowly made his way and sat down on the chair next to the bed and took one of Tony's small hands in his own large ones. He held it like it was made of china and would break in he as much as shook it slightly.
---------------------------------------------------------------
Steve smiled against the skin and let go of the right nipple to start with the other one. He used his right hand to stroke Tony's hard erection through his pants. He let go of the hard nipple and made his way down the chest and stomach with his lips until he reached the top of Tony's sweatpants, leaving a trail of love bites on the way. He looked up at Tony for confirmation and received a nod to continue. He slowly removed the pants and boxers in one drag, hands grasping Tony's ass on the way, earning a whimper from the genius.
Sam huffed out a laugh before excusing himself and approaching the girl, whose eyes lit up with excitement when he knelt down on one knee to shake her hand.
she squealed.
“I’m not.”
“We’re in a child’s closet!” he hissed.
“Where’d you disappear to when I needed your help?” he asked accusingly.
Steve nodded.
“Bucky’s saved my life more times than I can remember,” Steve pressed. “And that was without magic or super serums or metal limbs. It’s not who’s the biggest or strongest that makes a hero. It’s being a good person and being someone that others can look up to.”
“Damned if I know,” Bucky proceeded to shove a handful of potato chips into his mouth, earning him a look of disgust from Sam.
the costume, by the way.”
Steve was tempted to be sarcastic and say no, and ask Thor if he could hand over the packet of dried spaghetti on the shelf above his head, but he managed to contain himself.
“Man, this place is a far cry from the crappy little apartment we had in Brooklyn,” he whispered and Steve chuckled.
Steve pursed his lips but said nothing. He did feel incredibly guilty about Scott being incarcerated after the Clash of Avengers at Leipzig-Halle Airport. It was made all the worse when he realized that Scott had a young daughter waiting for him at home, and he had been partly responsible for her daddy not returning from his ‘work trip’ that day. Tony must have felt pretty torn up about it too; using his endless resources, he managed to secure Sam, Clint, Wanda, and Scott’s freedom from The Raft.
Steve was a little taken aback to have the door slammed shut in his face, but he didn’t have time to ponder on it. Moving on from the kitchen, he entered the living room and checked behind the sofa only to be met with more crouching children. The curtains were also occupied, as was under the coffee table and even the ceiling, where Peter hung from the ceiling fan.
Cassie giggled and shook her head. “I don’t want to.”
Antonio didn’t need any convincing. Moving as quickly as he could, he followed Bucky across the yard to find a quiet spot to practice. “But how can I fight with my crutches?”
Scott nudged his friend. “Luis.”
“Steve Rogers! My old friend!” Thor boomed. He pulled Steve into a tight hug, lifted him off his feet, and spun them around in a circle before releasing him. “How do you fare?”
“Well, you’re still the same jerk who’s too honest for his own good at times,” he teased, tapping Bucky affectionately on the knee with his foot. Bucky was a lot of other things: resilient. Loyal. Brave. “And I wouldn’t have you any other way.”
“Oh.” Steve cleared his throat and shrugged. “To be honest, you didn’t miss much.”
Steve chuckled and bowed his head. “No, nothing like that. I mean, I’ve always had a soft spot for brunettes, but Bucky’s always been a lady’s man.”
“Captain Steven Rogers!”
he thought to himself. It wasn’t like anybody was going to catch them.
news!” Thor cried, looking visibly relieved. “This is a cause for celebration! I shall return post-haste with more mead and something for us to kill in thanks.”
“Not a damn word about this,” he warned.
Bucky frowned, unaccustomed to such a friendly greeting. Wiping the crumbs from his hand on his cargo pants, he took Luis’s into his own and shook it. “Hey.”
“Ant-Man,” Scott corrected him quietly. “The name’s Ant-Man…”
Cassie’s eyes lit up. “Anything?”
“Tony can talk ‘til the cows come home, but he’s never been one for listening,” he argued. “There wouldn’t be any point.”
Sam looked over at the little girl, who seemed to shrink under his gaze. “She wants to talk to
Steve popped his head through the door and was greeted with a room painted a lurid shade of pink with cute animals stenciled on the walls. If it wasn’t already obvious that this was Cassie’s room, the crayon drawings of Scott in his Ant-Man uniform standing side by side with the other Avengers made it abundantly clear whose room this was, and how proud she was of her father.
Steve tried to open the next door, only managing to open it a few inches before someone on the other side pushed it shut again and told him to go away. The next door opened to a linen closet that was impossible for even a small child to hide in, let alone him, and the one after that was locked. Almost out of time and options, he turned to the last door in the house and his last hope. He voiced a silent Hail Mary as he grabbed the door handle and felt a wave of relief when it opened.
Surprisingly touched at the gesture, Steve stroked Tony’s hair and pressed a soft kiss to his neck. “Well, it worked.” He let out a sharp gasp as he felt Tony’s hand slide across his hip to grab his ass. “I thought we were keeping things PG-13!”
“And humble, too!” Steve joked.
Once they had wiped the soles of their boots on the doormat, they followed Maggie through the house in the direction of the backyard. Bucky looked around the brightly lit and welcoming home with wide eyes.
“Should I have dressed up as Hitler so that you could knock me out in front of the kids? Just like the good ol’ days?” Bucky joked.
want to play pin the tail on the donkey with this guy.” Cassie giggled and closed the closet doors again.
Steve’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. “To meet someone? You mean, like a girl?”
“Actually, it’s a uniform,” he corrected her, but she took no notice. Instead, she shifted her focus onto Bucky, who in his bomber jacket and cargo pants looked decidedly out of place next to America’s first celebrated superhero. “I’m sorry, I don’t think I recognize you. Are you a superhero, too?”
“Luis and I were wondering if we could ask a small favor of you,” said Scott.
Sam couldn’t help but laugh. “You brought Barnes here as backup? I thought that I was your wingman.”
“Oh yeah, I’m ultra-competitive. Steve here’s even worse, you do
“Well, why else would you invite him here?” Steve shot back, then his eyes narrowed with suspicion. “You’re wanting him to go on a job with you, aren’t you?”
with my cousin Miguel, right? And there was like, this lobster, man. But you know me, I’m here like a striped bass tartare kind of guy, right? But there was this one dish with charred scallions smothered in sea urchin sauce that was
“You know, instead of sitting over here sulking, you could just go and talk to him,” Bucky suggested, but Steve shook his head.
Sam cocked an eyebrow at Steve’s blatant lie and turned to Bucky for an explanation. Much to Steve’s mounting irritation, Bucky seemed all too happy to provide one. “He’s worried in case Tony shows up. He wasn’t gonna come to the party but after I got an invite, he said he’d go so long as I was there as his backup.”
“No, we won’t be playing that. Now, or ever.” Maggie shook her head in disbelief before turning back to the other guests. “Okay, the first game of the day will be Hide and Seek!”
Steve and Bruce just looked at each other over his head and rolled their eyes at his childishness. Steve then bent down and kissed him hard on the lips and started to roll him out of his room and towards the exit. Tony would be jumping up and down if he could, he was so excited. After spending almost a week staring at the same four walls 24/7 he felt like he was slowly losing his mind. Getting closer to the exit he pumped his fists up.
Thor was on his feet and walked over to the bed.
“What the hell are you doing out out of bed!? You need to rest, you'll never heal if you don't take it easy!”
“Tony I don't care what you told them, I was just worried about what was happening to you. I didn't know where you were, or if you were even alive. Me and the team searched for you non stop, I- we couldn't relax until we knew you were safe. By the way, do you want to tell them about all of this?”
“I love you.”
Tony sighed heavily and Ty barely managed to suppress a smirk at the victory, he knew exactly how to manipulate the young genius into getting what he wanted.
THIS CHAPTER IS BASICALLY JUST SMUT SO IF YOU DONT LIKE TO READ THAT YOU CAN JUST SKIP IT!!
Steve immediately wrapped his arms protectively around the smaller man and whispered reassuringly into his ear.
“Yes, see it as a small gift.”
He couldn't help but think that he was right. Maybe the team would be better off without him? All he ever had to offer them was sorrow and heartache.
When they reached the burning facility he had barely stopped the car before he and the rest of the team were out and running towards the fire.
“I'll follow him and make sure he's fine.” He said casually.
“Shut it Buck.”
Steve kept pounding into him and leaned over his back to press kisses across his back and neck.
“Yeah, you didn't know? His birthday was yesterday. Don't worry Steve, he's legal. It's Bruce I should be worried about, guy acts like a mama bear towards him.”
Howard turned so fast that Tony was surprised that he didn't give himself a whiplash.
“It's good to be back Brucie.” Bruce, for once, didn't comment on the nickname as he made his way out of the room.
Tony woke up at 8 a.m with DUM-E dragging his sheet off of him in an attempt to wake him up.
“I don't know what you are talking about” the response was followed by a small blush and he refused to meet her eyes.
Steve snapped his eyes up to meet Tony's own and started to slowly move forward, eyes never breaking contact. He wrapped an arm around the smaller man, close to that perfect ass, and whispered in his ear with a husky voice.
Steve got there first, pushing Howard off Tony and pushing the smaller man behind him protectively.
New chapter! And with a dash of Steve/Tony!
Tony gulped slightly before nodding and Steve slowly pushed the tip in. Tony hissed and Steve paused to let him adjust to the size before continuing. He knew that it was way different than fingers and took his time pushing in.
“You were gone for quite a while, we were starting to get a little worried that something had happened to you.” The blonde said with a small frown on his face.
Rhodey looked at the blonde in silence for a few tense seconds before smirking and extending his hand.
“Are you kidding? They are gonna want to hear this.”
Steve gave him a unsure look before replying.
After the encounter between Tony and Schmidt they had moved him to an empty room with no windows except for a heavy looking door and a small lamp on the roof.
Steve felt his blood boil by the thought of the man that had hurt his Tony.
The rest of the Avengers nodded their heads in agreement and Bruce had to admit that Tony was safer with them than anywhere else.
The man had certainly made an impression on Tony, despite the whole Mob thing.
“I love you.”
Tony felt the hand wrapped around his arm tighten painfully and Howard started to shake him violently before removing him from the sink and smashing him against the wall. Tony flinched when his head connected with the wall but he didn't tear his eyes from the face that had haunted his nightmares since he was a child. The older Stark scowled at his only child before opening his mouth.
“Now I'm pissed.” Said the blonde and grabbed Tony's shirt while straddling him, effectively pinning him down.
“Okay. Okay I'm on my way.” Said Bucky before hanging up. He quickly wrote down the car's registration number before he could forget it and took a deep breath and started to run back home. He texted the number of the car to Phil and told him to find it ASAP.
Three…
The Avengers all snapped their heads up towards each other.
So that was that!
“Got you some coffee, plain black, just how you like it.” He spoke up.
“You fucking shit!” He pulled Tony against him and shoved the gun harshly against his back “I swear to God, if you pull any of that shit again then I'll blow your frickin brains out, you hear me?!” Tony only grunted in response while clutching his hair where Howard was grabbing it.
What he really meant was “This is my fault for dragging him into this and I don't want to let him out of my sight ever again” but it went unsaid.
“I don't know! I'm sorry! He was here and the- Right! He said he was hungry! He went to the kitchen to get some food but we were out and I think he mentioned something about groceries. He must have gone to the grocery shop nearby!”
“No, it's Natasha, though everyone is here.”
Steve fought back a blush and raised an eyebrow at them.
“Crap!”
The tears in the young geniuses eyes were now falling freely. He looked over at Pepper with a blurry vision and she was smiling sadly back at him.
“What the hell is that?” Came Steve's surprised voice from the doorway. He and Bucky were staring at the robot with matching surprised expressions on their faces. Eyes wide they tracked the robot's movements and Bruce couldn't stop the proud smile stretching across his face.
“Hello?” Jarvis called out while setting the food on the kitchen counter and removing his jacket.
After a few minutes of Brock pumping his fingers in and out of the trashing teen he removed his hand and spit in it and used it to slick himself up and positioning his cock at the entrance and started to slowly push in before lowering his head to bite into Tony's neck.
Some of the Avengers went to get themselves and the others chairs and food, they were gonna be here a while. Bruce sat on the chair on the other side of Tony with a newly wrapped hand and a pinched expression on his tear streaked face.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve chuckled next to him and put one arm around his shoulders and ate his own chocolate pancakes with the other.
Tony couldn't suppress the glare that directed itself at Tiberius and scoffed.
Steve nodded his head and slowly rocked back and forward. After a while, Tony's grunts of pain had turned into moans of pleasure and he wrapped his legs around Steve's waist and his hands around Steve's forearms that were gripping Tony's hips hard. Tony knew that there would be bruises there tomorrow and he moaned at the thought.
Any other day his thoughts would have seemed ridiculous to even him but with every hit, every cruel word, every violation against his body and soul his hope was being broken down piece by piece.
Tony heard rather that felt the slap on his cheek. His head snapped to the side and his hand went to cover the throbbing side of his face, he didn't need a mirror to know that it was turning red.
I know none of you believe me right now, I'm not even sure I believe myself. But we need to push our own guilt behind and focus on how we are gonna take care of Tony and keep him safe in the future. There will always be people out there trying to hurt him to get to us, but he is our family now, and we always protect our family.”
"Wait! Natasha! Stop! It's just Tony, my friend."
“Bruce, are you ready? Are you okay?” He asked and a look of concern swept across his face.
He turned around in his bed and rubbed his hands on his eyes. Why was he thinking about a guy that he had just met, hadn't even said a word to and was certainly much older than himself and you know, technically a criminal.
“Well I am very glad to hear that you still appreciate my cooking.”
“Good.” Johann Schmidt replied with amusement in his voice “I want him, by any means necessary.”
Steve chuckled but wasted no time in coating himself up, groaning at the friction before slowly pushing in. He threw his head back as the tight heat was wrapped around his length. He stopped after an inch, letting Tony adjust to the size before repeating the motion until he was buried to the hilt.
Cheers ran among the group and they immediately started to gear up while Natasha called Coulson for back up.
“They left me.” Tony wept. He felt his mother still and looked up at her only to meet a confused expression.
“I'm here to you know, thanks for the concern.”
“Yeah, I suppose you're right.”
“Tony. Where the hell are you!? Are you ok?”
“Oh, Steven! How lovely to see you all, we were quite worried when we came and nobody was home. We just wanted to visit Anthony, we felt as if it had been too long. Oh! And we brought food as well! I hope you all like goulash and pie.” Ana stopped when she looked over the team.
The whole team turned towards him and they were immediately on their feet and on their way towards them. They took in Tony's appearance, the terrified expression on his face, the tear tracked cheeks, the red handprint on his left cheek and the painful looking grip the older man had on him.
It all came to an end when Natasha was hit in the face with an egg and gave the men a glare that put ice in their hearts. Nobody even blinked, they just stared at her and felt the anxiety growing.
Bucky let out a huge breath he had been holding during the conversation. “Actually” he said relieved “we do know where he is. It is a wonder though that you haven't guessed it yet.”
Bruce just went right up to Tony and took the boy's face in his hands and started to look him over, not noticing that his hand was joined with the Captains.
“Not really, no.”
“Yeah?”
Comments and kudos gives me life!
The feeling of Tony clenching down on him, the sight of him laying down and writhing in pleasure  with his gorgeous behind in the air sent Steve over the edge and he came inside his sweetheart.
When he didn't hear a reply he turned towards Tony and saw that he was already staring at him with a soft, loving smile.
“Just a little sore, but in a good way. And I'm fine, more than fine actually. Thanks for not treating me like I'm made of China that's gonna break at any second. I love you, Cap.”
Steve blushed bright red and stuttered a response.
Ty had fallen backwards while cupping his bleeding nose and Rumlow had let go of Tony in favor of grabbing his aching genitalia. Tony saw his chance and made a run for it. He stood up as fast as he could and was about to run when a hand grabbed the back of his shirt and pulled him back down on the mattress. He looked up and saw a furious Tiberius glaring down at him with blood running down from his nose.
The rest of the team laughed and Bucky just wrapped an arm around the blonde's shoulders.
“Yeah, and then he wouldn't make us any afternoon cookies.”
I really hope you'll like this chapter and from now on I'll have more time to write which means more chapters!! Gah I'm so exited!
Pepper chuckled and petted his head.
“They are gonna discuss world domination, aren't they?”
Bruce only smiled sadly and led the younger one to sit down on one of the couches and sat next to him. Steve followed close behind and sat down on the other side of the young genius who just gave him a smile that he couldn't help but return. If anyone noticed any of this they didn't mention it.
The door opened and I panicked, Sharon wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me, I stumbled and fell onto the bed. Now Sharon was on top of me, she pulled away from my lips and we both looked to the door. It was Tony. "Sorry to interrupt, how could I forget my room is the local make-out spot". I called after him but he slammed the door and ran off.
The two men laughed while exiting and shutting the door behind them.
He winced a bit when Steve slowly pulled out and fell to the bed with a sigh. He felt the bed shift as Steve went up to get a wet rag to clean them up with. He was dozing off when he felt the rag against his sore hole and he groaned while Steve stroked his hair.
“Yes, thank you mr Lehnsherr. Thank you so much! Yes, my team and I will meet you there tomorrow. Thank you again! Yes, okay, goodnight.” Steve hung up his phone and slumped ungraciously down on the couch while covering his face.
“HEY!” Came Clint's outraged cry “Why does he get waffles before me!? I've been waiting for almost an hour but I didn't get anything!”
“Good evening darling.” she said while closing her book and putting it on the nightstand “How was your day?”
Tony knew what he really meant, he didn't legally have to go back to his father even if he would be found. It was a huge relief and Tony couldn't contain the smile that stretched out on his face.
The arms tightened around him and words of comfort sprung out of the blondes mouth.
“I mean this, us, if there is an us! Was this just a one time thing?”
It had been almost six months since Tony had been kidnapped by HYDRA and almost a year since he had met the Avengers and his life had turned upside down. He was slowly getting better but couldn't help but also getting more and more nervous the longer time went on. Rumlow was still in the wind and Tony feared that he would show up one day and take everything he loved away from him.
Steve meant every word, Rumlow was going to pay.
“That's his natural voice, and yes, he really talks like that. Thor is originally from Norway and hasn't really adapted to how Americans talks.” Which received a large grin from Thor.
“They found a survivor from explosion, Phil currently has him locked up at his base!”
The waiter came back with their coffees and pancakes and sent a final wink in Tony's direction which went completely ignored.
A cough suddenly broke the three of them out from their little bubble and they turned their heads towards the sound. Clint stood there looking sheepish and he scratched his head.
Tony felt his eyes widen. What did this man want with Steve and the rest of the team? What would he do to Tony? Did the others even know that he was missing?
“Yes, I told you Steve, the boy is a genius.” The scientists said while packing Tony's clothes and books in the other bag. The last one was smaller that the other two and there he he placed his own books and Tony's tools, some inventions and his laptop where he kept all his research and designs.
Bruce only chuckled “Yes, Tony would rather die than leave any of his creations behind.”
Btw, did any of you guys see Infinity War? My soul is broken and I wanna sue MARVEL for psychologically destroying me.
Tony beamed up to him and pressed little kisses all over his face before settling one on his lips.
He tried to figure out how he had gotten there and who had took him?
“Yeah?”
Came nurse Darcy's amused voice from the reception. The young nurse was sitting with her feet propped up on the desk and she was smirking at the young genius who just scowled back at her.
(“You are eighteen, it's legal!”)
The boy was laying limp on the mattress with clouded eyes staring up on the ceiling. He had come and tears covering his face with only the former on his chest. His eyes trailed down on the developing bruises across the body beneath him and his eyes stopped at the two hand shaped ones that were on the geniuses hips where he had held him during the rape.
God, he had missed those two...
“Ah, Anthony! I am most pleased to see that you are back with us, the good doctor and the rest of us all have been very concerned about you!”
“What the hell do you think you are doing!? Tony you know you need to rest if you want these injuries to heal faster! And what the hell happened to your neck!?”
“The eggs! They're burning!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don't you ever say that again. Tony is not dead. If he had been then there would have been a body, but there wasn't anyone dead at the scene. We know that HYDRA has him. We just have to keep looking and pray that we find him before it’s too late. Now shut up and go back to your research.”
“Well, it's great. I honestly don't think I've ever had anyone being this excited to see me but Jarvis when I would come visit from boarding school.”
Steve cleared his throat and all eyes turned to him.
“I don't like this guy, he hurt you and what if he tries something now, huh? Then what? I mean, he obviously still has feelings for you, otherwise he probably wouldn't have asked you out, right?”
He placed himself between the brunette's legs and used his hand to direct his cock to the stretched entrance. He leaned down his head and placed a loving kiss on Tony's lips before whispering in his ear.
His friends just held him tighter and Peppers was soothingly rubbing his back.
He stepped in, removed his shoes and jacket and walked towards the small living room.
While Tony was preparing the pan he felt something crack against the back of his head and something sticky run down his neck. He brought his hand up there and dragged his fingers through the substance before bringing it back so that he could see it. His fingers were covered in egg and he shuddered when he felt it run down under his shirt and down his back.
Tony shot straight up despite the pain in his whole body. A pair of strong hands held him down and he trashed against the hold.
He also learned that Tony's own mother had been from Italy and that he spoke Italian and multiple other languages fluently. Tony's mother had taught him both Italian and how to play the piano before the drugs and alcohol had taken over her life.
It had been a week since they had brought Tony back home and the nightmares had started. His nightmares consisted of his time with HYDRA and the torture they put him through. Sometimes it was about Rumlow beating and raping him while the team watched and laughed, sometimes they participated in his torture and sometimes it was Howard there, beating and cutting him up while telling him how worthless he is. The worst ones though, according to Tony, was when Rumlow was torturing the team and he couldn't do anything but watch as his friends begged for help. He would wake up crying with images in his head like Thor laying motionless while getting beaten with a hammer, Clint thrashing around while being cut up with various types of knives, Steve screaming while getting burned, Bruce trying to throwing his head around and trying to avoid getting drowned again, Natasha's cries while Rumlow raped her and Bucky wailing when he gets skinned alive.
“St-Steve!”
Tony rolled his eyes and grabbed his wallet and jacket and headed out.
“How- I- how did you know where I was?”
“Woah, woah, woah! Hold on a minute! Who the hell is Tiberius Stone?” The archer asked.
Steve had to take a moment to take in how small Tony looked laying there. Sure, Tony had always been kind of small but he looked tiny in that hospital bed, pale as a sheet and hooked up to numerous of machines.
“We're out of milk!” The scientist exclaimed.
Steve gave a little smirk at that, like he knew something Tony didn't. Tony just gave him a confused stare but the blonde just kept pushing him forward through the door. When Tony was wheeled into the house he was immediately hit in the face with the delicious scent of food. He inhaled deeply and felt his mouth water. He heard a laugh behind him and turned to see the team snickering at him. He just rolled his eyes dramatically and crossed his arms over his chest.
Tony chuckled a bit which sent vibrations through Steve’s cock and he started to slowly bob his head up and down while pumping what he couldn't each with his hand. He suddenly let go of the member which caused Steve to open his eyes and sit up straight against the headboard. Before he could ask if anything was wrong Tony reached to the nightstand and pulled out a bottle of lube from the drawer. He then opened the cap and coated his fingers in a generous amount and rubbed them together for a few seconds to heat up the substance.
Bruce was cutting through men like a man possessed, his only goal is to find Tony and get him into safety. Despite focusing on the task ahead of them, Steve and Bucky could not help but to be admired (and a little scared) of the way Bruce handled the people getting in his way.
Anyways, enjoy!
“I'm sorry Tony. I know I shouldn't have but, it's  just… If I had been more careful then you wouldn't have gone through all this. I tried so hard to keep you out of this business, once you get involved, there is no turning back. That's not what I wanted for you, I just wanted to keep you safe.”
Anyway I hope you enjoy it and don't forget! I'm a slut for kudos and comments!
“IT’S PHIL! HE FOUND ONE SURVIVOR!”
(See the end of the chapter for
-------------------------------------------------------------
Of course, those people had been normal people, these ones seemed a bit more professional and if they were out for the Avengers, they had to be dangerous.
Walking down the streets of Manhattan Tony kept thinking about Bruce and his job. Was it dangerous for his friend? How many risks were there? How did the whole thing even work?
“It's okay Bruce, you were just trying to protect him.”
“Don't worry Bruce, we’ll get him back, I swear to you.”
Tony sighed and tried to sleep, he was in for a long day tomorrow.
Well you can read the title of this "chapter". The sequel of No Turning Back is now out!!!!!!
Anyway, this chapter is longer than usual and I hope it makes up for the absence!
The door opened and a paper plate of some kind of food was pushed in alongside a plastic cup of water. They fed him once a day, just enough to keep him alive and he knew that he had gotten quite skinnier than before this whole mess. He reached out with a wince and grabbed the plate and cup and started eating with the plastic knife and fork. They only gave him plastic cups, knives and forks and paper plates so that he couldn't use any of it as a weapon and when he finished someone always came in to remove everything.
Steve looked at Tony with a shameful expression. “I still feel bad about what I did.”
Steve drew him a withering look. “If this is what you’re going to be like, I’d rather just get caught now.”
“I can’t do that.”
to drink mead and perform animal sacrifices at children’s birthday parties.”
Tony’s suggestion that Steve hadn’t completely screwed things up between them gave him a flicker of hope to cling on to. “I know things are different nowadays—better than they were in my day—but you have to understand, this isn’t easy for me. I still struggle to be myself most of the time, even in private.”
Sam looks at Bucky again. “Did they have another falling out?”
A little girl with pigtails scoffed and pushed her way to the front. “Uh, no. Find your own hiding place.”
“Oh. Better, actually. Much better,” said Steve honestly. “He just got back from Wakanda. T’Challa and Shuri have helped him out a lot.”
“Time for party games!” she cried, earning a mixed response from the partygoers in the form of cheers from the children and groans from the adults. “We’re going to start off with Cassie’s favorite game—”
Maggie ushered them through the kitchen and into the backyard where the birthday party was in full swing: paper lanterns and streamers of every color adorned the trees and fences around the sizable yard. A giant web (no doubt Peter Parker’s doing), which several children were currently jumping up and down on like a trampoline, had been spun over the swimming pool. Peter, meanwhile, was being chased back and forth across the yard by a group of partygoers, all firing water pistols at one another. Bucky nudged Steve’s shoulder and pointed towards Thor, who was proudly showing off Mjölnir to several onlookers before demonstrating its power by pulverizing a piñata with one swing.
“Uh...sure,” Steve lied. “Everything’s fine now.”
He nodded towards a small, nervous-looking girl who was hovering beside the jungle gym watching the three men talk. Steve quirked a smile when he noticed that she was clutching a Falcon action figure.
“Antonio,” Steve said, taking the boy’s hand and shaking it. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, son. Luis here was telling us that you fancy yourself a superhero.”
“You really think so?”
Steve opened his mouth to argue but shut it again, thinking better of it. The kid was right: Erskine’s super-soldier serum could fix a lot of things, but even that couldn’t grow back a missing limb. He looked at Bucky and a thought struck him then. “You know, Bucky here’s a superhero.”
“I mean, considering you and Tony are responsible for getting me locked up again, you did kind of owe me one,” Scott added, chuckling to himself. “Who’d have thought that would have played to my advantage, eh?”
“Just a kiss,” he warned.
Steve let out a weary sigh, but he didn’t dispute what Tony said, either—it did feel good to be a little bit naughty sometimes. And he was desperate to kiss Tony again. He didn’t want to wait until the party had finished—he wanted him now, in the darkened closet where there were no prying eyes to see.
“I didn’t. He just showed up!”
Steve laughed. “Oh yeah, I forgot about that. Well, you know, half the city was smashed to pieces, it didn’t seem like adding a few plates to the pile would have made much of a difference at that point.”
Steve frowned. “No, it’s nothing to do with him.”
more comfortable, the kids will no doubt expect to see me in the old red, white and blue outfit,” he explained.
“Both,” Steve admitted. “But like you said, you’re the playboy: I didn’t want to overstay my welcome.”
Becoming increasingly desperate, Steve considered ripping up the floorboards to create a place to hide. Instead, he ran upstairs two steps at a time and pushed open the first door at the top of the landing. Entering the bathroom, he pulled back the shower curtain to find more guests already hiding in there. One of them even asked for his autograph, but running out of both time and patience, he drew the curtain back without answering and hurried back onto the landing.
Sam shook his head at Bucky’s disgusting table manners before turning his attention back to Steve. “Is it a problem if he is?”
“Don’t worry about it,” Bucky assured him. “They’ll come in handy.”
“He’s on his way,” Steve assured her. “He’ll be making more of a dramatic entrance than us.”
“Problems?”
“Oh no, nothing at all. Just the disbanding of the Avengers!” Thor laughed a little hysterically. “Of course, being an Avenger myself, it isn’t like my being there would have been of any great importance!”
Bucky sighed. “I guess...sure. Yeah, I suppose I am.”
“And so you should. It means that you’ll just have to work your tail off to make it up to me.”
“For seven minutes in heaven with you? It’s worth every penny.”
“It’s true,” Steve confirmed. “When I was your age, I had asthma, scoliosis, heart palpitations, color blindness...I was even partially deaf. And that’s just for starters.”
“I thought that you were on my side,” Steve complained.
“Why not?” Tony pouted.
Bucky nodded. “She’s just too nervous to come and speak to you.”
night of love-making—”
“I am.” Bucky stuffed another miniature quiche into his mouth. “But you’re also your own worst enemy. I’m just trying to help. I am your sidekick, after all.”
Steve shrugged and averted his gaze. “I figured once you woke up the next morning, you’d regret what we did.”
“What are you doing here?” asked Sam with a similar tone of accusation.
“Tin Man?” Bucky asked.
“To meet who?” asked Steve, completely bamboozled.
Luis nodded vigorously. “No problem, bro. Just the facts. Only the facts.”
Steve frowned at Tony. “Since when do you engage in small talk?”
regret it?” Steve shook his head. “If that’s the case, why have you been avoiding me?” When Steve didn’t answer, he asked, “Is it Barnes?”
Steve wasn’t keen to answer that, but as luck would have it, that was the moment that Sam Wilson chose to make his grand entrance. Several of the partygoers gasped and pointed at the sky as a large, bird-like figure dipped below the clouds and glided towards them. Moments later, Sam landed as gracefully as his namesake in the center of the yard and was soon swarmed with children in much the same way Steve had been. Their little hands reached out to poke and prod at the delicate metallic wings on his suit, but Sam seemed more than happy to accommodate them, smiling and answering all of their questions. The crowd only dispersed once Maggie announced that the buffet was open, so Sam took the opportunity to break away from the crowd to greet Steve and Scott.
“Hi.” Despite the difficulty in keeping his balance, he thrust out his hand to Steve. “I’m—”
“Oh, god,” Steve groaned.
“Deal.” Tony stuck out his hand to the little girl. “I’ll even throw in stables and some farmland. How’s that sound?”
“Who says that you can’t?” Bucky spoke up then, which surprised Steve. “I mean, before Steve became Captain America, he had a list of things wrong with him as long as my arm. Well, the one I’ve still got anyway.”
More than that, he’d somehow managed to scrub Bucky’s files from ICC, Interpol, and the CIA’s most wanted lists. When Steve had heard what Tony had done, he couldn’t quite believe it. Only three months had passed since the Clash of Avengers had occurred, but for the most part, it seemed that everyone had managed to put their differences aside and make amends.
“You too!” she cried, sprinting back out of the room, leaving the men alone again.
“It’s been a pleasure doing business with you!” Tony called after her.
“Damnit.” Steve let out a sigh of resignation. Completely out of options now, he turned back to Tony and nodded to the empty space beside him. “Would you mind?”
“You know,” Scott lowered his voice and leaned a little closer so that only Steve could hear him. “I just wanted to thank you again for doing this. I really appreciate it.”
bro! Oh my God!”
“Not cool, man. Not cool!” Scott rambled, hurrying towards the pair to break up the fight.
Antonio didn’t look convinced. “If you’re really a superhero, how come I’ve never heard of you?”
Tony's eyes widened and he started to tremble lightly in Steve's arms.
“You're wrong,” he started while trying to keep his voice steady “they love me. They love me and they will come for me. And you, all of you, will regret ever touching me, for every mark on my body guarantees one on yours.”
Pushing the keys in, Bruce took a deep breath and unlocked the door before stepping in and telling Bucky and Steve to do the same. He went straight to his bedroom after dismissing his friends offer to help him pack and pulled out three duffle bags from his closet. He packed his clothes and other necessities in one bag and went to put it by the front door and then headed to Tony's room, both his friends following him. When he opened the door to the fellow geniuses room he was immediately greeted by DUM-E beeping happily and clawing at the hem of his shirt.
Tony looked up in surprise when he heard the familiar voice. He slowly stood up, never breaking eye contact with the figure in front of him. He blinked twice, as to make sure that his mind wasn't playing any tricks on him and cleared his throat.
And just to add, since this fic contains a lot of rape/non-con I just want you all to remember that rape and sexually assault is nothing to joke about. There is nothing funny about it and it ruines hundreds and maybe even thousands of lives all the time, every day. If you ever have been sexually assaulted or know someone who has, just remember IT IS NEVER THE VICTIMS FAULT! If you ever feel like you need to talk about it then do it, whether it's with a parent, police, psychiatrist or a friend etc, just know that you are not alone. And of you ever want to talk to me you are more than welcome to drop a message to me on tumblr ( anthony-e-stark-3000 (previously Captainsuperpotato )) and I'll try to answer it as soon as I can (remember I live in Scandinavia so, you know, time zones). I love you so much and you are worth the world!
Thanks to those who are still reading this trash, I love you all!!!!
“Bucky this is not your fault and don't you dare think that for even a second! Now get your ass back home before anything else happens, we need to start looking before it’s too late!” Was Steve's reply.
Rhodey and Pepper were still hugging him and Pepper was cupping his cheeks and turning his head around to look over his face. When she saw that there was no damage she let him go and smacked him over the head instead.
Steve stood by the buffet table and watched with mild amusement as utter pandemonium ensued. Children and adults alike ran in every direction to find a hiding spot, bumping into each other, squealing and giggling as Cassie stood in the center of the yard, counting.
A ghost of a smile flitted across Bucky’s lips then.
“The team is back together now,” Steve reassured him.
Steve felt a pang of sadness at that admission. Neither of their lives had been easy or straightforward, but Bucky’s had been more difficult than most. This world, these people, themselves...all of this domesticity was still incredibly foreign to them. Steve had many moments when he wasn’t sure that any of the ‘old Steve’ had survived his time in the ice, but it was heartening to hear that Bucky thought there had.
“How the hell did you get an invitation to a kid’s birthday party?”
Thor’s smile became a little strained. “I must admit that I was disappointed that you did not invite me to fight with you and the other Avengers in Germany.”
“I don’t plan on letting something like that happen ever again,” said Steve firmly.
“Nah, I’m just more observant than you are,” he quipped before popping a miniature quiche into his mouth and chewing it slowly.
“Why are you wearing it then?”
Tony nodded in understanding. “I get it. God forbid the symbol of American freedom and liberty also happens to be gay. Or bi. Or are you pan? Whatever, I’m not a big believer in labels.”
“Wait, who’s Carlos?” Scott asked.
“All I know is that they came to an agreement that meant my remaining arm shall remain intact,” Bucky replied evasively before changing the subject entirely. “I dunno if you’ve noticed, but that kid over there wants to talk to you.”
“That’s nice,” Tony mumbled. “I thought they’d have sorted him out with another arm.”
He didn’t sound at all certain but Anthony’s eyes lit up with interest. “Cool. Did a super villain take your arm?”
“Oh, how exciting! And would you look at that, you brought presents, too! You shouldn’t have…”
Realizing that he ought to get a move on, Steve jogged towards a doghouse near the back porch with the name ‘Anthony’ painted above the entrance. Peeking inside, he was shocked to find Sam inside crouched on all fours. He looked up at Steve and glared at him.
“It makes me glad that I don’t have any,” Steve quipped before adding, on a more serious note, “The world is full of dangers, the likes of which we couldn’t even imagine when I was a kid. Now, we’ve got a whole
“I still don’t get why I’m here,” he grumbled, head bowed with his right fist stuffed into the pocket of his black bomber jacket. “It’s not like I’m an Avenger.”
The fear of failing to live up to the moniker was what had sent him running out of Stark Tower as fast as his legs could carry him, and then he’d been too ashamed of what he had done to call Tony and apologize. The fact that Tony was being so understanding about the whole thing just made Steve feel that much worse.
“Cassie’s out in the backyard with the other kids.” Maggie took the large gift adorned with unicorn wrapping paper from Steve’s outstretched hands before stepping aside for them. “Thor and Spiderman are already here. Please, come in! Wipe your feet…”
“And this guy with the metal arm, he’s got, like, bomb moves, right? That was you, right?” he asked, but before Bucky could reply, he continued, “So he’s pulling some badass Mortal Kombat moves, but then
“Just call me Bucky.”
“Steve...” he teased. He leaned in for a kiss but Steve drew back.
Recognition flashed across Scott’s face. “Oh,
“Happy.”
Steve also took care not to bump into Tony; he seemed to gravitate towards Steve several times, trying to catch his eye, but so far, Steve had succeeded in avoiding him. Tony might not be above causing a scene at a child’s birthday party, but Steve wouldn’t let that happen. Whatever their issues were, they would have to deal with them another time. Steve picked away at the buffet, enjoying a moment to himself, when Maggie clapped her hands together and called out to the guests to get their attention.
been a scary place?” Sam countered. “All things considered, I think you’d make a good dad. Don’t rule it out just yet.”
of dangers to contend with. I’m not brave enough to bring a kid into this world.”
Scott took a swig from his beer before answering, “I wanted him to meet someone.”
Bucky screwed his face up with embarrassment at Steve’s praising words, but Antonio looked intrigued. “Are you really a superhero?”
“Not a problem,” Steve assured him.
“It wouldn’t have taken much effort to pick up the phone and call me,” he grumbled. “You managed to call Insect Man, here, easily enough.”
“It’s still bigger than my first apartment,” Steve mused as he sidled into the tiny closet. The only way that they were both able to squeeze into the small space and still be able to slide the doors shut was to stand face to face, chests pressed together. It took a bit of maneuvering, but eventually, they managed to close the door. They stood there like that in silence for a while, listening closely for Cassie, Tony watching Steve who was trying desperately to look anywhere else but at Tony.
He scanned the back yard for a suitable hiding spot, but quickly realized that his options were limited: Happy was helping some of the shorter children to join him up one of the leafy maple trees while several other kids dashed for the nearby bushes and flowerbeds.
Scott pulled a face. “What? No! Who arranges hook-ups at their kid’s birthday party?”
“I know what you’re thinking,” said Tony. “Roof’s a no go; the window’s locked.”
“Sorry, force of habit,” Tony said, not sounding sorry at all. “Come on. It’s surprisingly cozy in here.”
Antonio blushed. “Well, I did. Before...you know.” He glanced down at the empty space where his leg used to be and shrugged. “Can’t be a superhero with one leg, can I?”
“Not really,” Steve admitted.
“Seriously, you’re saving my life here, man! Maggie and Jim have gone all out for Cassie’s birthday this year. I mean, I know that it’s not a competition for our daughter’s affections, but I was beginning to worry about what gift I’d get her this year. So getting you guys here...wow.”
“That you did,” Steve was more than a little disappointed that his and Tony’s tryst was so short lived, but Tony had other ideas.
“No.” Discarding his plate of party food on the grass, Bucky hopped to his feet and motioned for Antonio to follow. “Come on. I’ll teach you some superhero fighting moves if you like.”
“Ready or not, here I come!”
“It’s a uniform!” Steve snapped. He looked over his shoulder again in the hopes of seeing an alternate hiding place that he might have somehow missed. Maybe he could climb out the window and hide out on the roof?
“Carlos!” Luis exclaimed. “Marco’s girlfriend’s brother.”
“Nothing that I can’t handle,” Steve replied before muttering under his breath. “Damn wedgies. I’ve always hated this suit.”
“Then why did you invite him to the party?”
Steve had been called a lot of things, but in all his years, he’d never been described as cuddly. With the promise that she could have her picture taken with him, Scott and Maggie finally managed to convince their daughter to release Steve from her vice-like grip. Satisfied after she had taken a couple of selfies with him, Cassie took off at top speed across the yard closely followed by (and Steve couldn’t quite believe his eyes) a giant ant. After checking that Steve wasn’t injured, Maggie hurried away to stop a couple of kids fighting over an inflatable replica of Thor’s hammer, leaving Scott and Steve a brief moment on their own.
“Yeah, everyone always thought that about me, too. I was just never inclined to correct them.”
“Since I found myself trapped in the closet with someone who’s been doing their damndest to avoid me all afternoon,” he shot back. “And before you deny it, don’t. It was blatantly obvious what you were doing. There’s absolutely no way that Darryl is more interesting to talk to than I am.”
“Language,” Bucky joked.
“We can’t do this here.”
“I thought that you two had buried the hatchet?” asked Sam curiously.
“Anything.”
“Kids love you,” Steve lied, giving the front door a polite but firm knock.
“Thirty-six! Thirty-seven!”
“Breathe,” Scott instructed. “Focus. Keep it simple.”
Steve’s smile quickly fell when he heard the sound of heavy metal music playing in the distance. He wasn’t the only one to notice it, either; as the music grew louder, more partygoers searched the skies for the source of the noise, hands shielding their eyes against the glaring sunlight. Finally, someone screamed, “There he is!” and pointed at a red blip in the sky, easy to spot against the sea of blue, and everyone began to clap and cheer. As Tony Stark zoomed closer, rather than land in the backyard, he soared past their heads giving the spectators a thumbs up before releasing several rockets from his suit. Everyone ‘oohed and ‘aahed’ as the rockets exploded in an array of colors. Even Steve, despite trying his best to look unaffected by the display, couldn’t help but be impressed. A fact not lost on Bucky, it seemed.
The dual meaning of those words weren’t lost on Tony. Steve had spent so long living as Captain America, he had trouble recalling when he had last been Steve Rogers. His and Tony’s lives were vastly different in many respects, but in this one thing Tony could relate better than most to how Steve felt: it was difficult to take off the suit at the end of the day. If Steve were being perfectly honest with himself, the last time he’d really felt like himself had been wrapped in Tony’s arms. It had been a thrilling feeling, to be so open and vulnerable with another person, but it had frightened him, too. Captain America wasn’t afraid of anything. Captain America was not vulnerable—he was infallible.
Steve hummed. “Hmm, flashy and over the top, just like you.”
“When’s the world
Scott shrugged. “I figured the meeting could be mutually beneficial for both parties.”
...that’s one of the things that I admire most about you: despite everything, you’re still that same kid from Brooklyn at heart—a do-gooder punk who'll go above and beyond to help anyone, even if it means putting yourself out. It's
Sam cocked his eyebrow at him. “Is that your super assassin senses telling you that?”
“Where is the birthday girl?” asked Steve.
Bucky shook his head. “Nah. It’s comforting how little you’ve changed. It gives me hope that a little something of the old me can be salvaged, too.”
Steve and Scott turned to see Thor grinning and waving excitedly at them, as though they would have any trouble seeing all six foot and three inches of him in his billowing red cape and armor amongst the children. As Thor hurried towards them, Steve leaned closer to Scott and said, “I didn’t realize that you knew Thor.”
“Did you like the fireworks display that I made?” Tony murmured against Steve’s lips as they continued to kiss.
“Hello, Captain,” Thor greeted him brightly. “Looking for a place to hide?”
“What’s he doing here?” he blurted out.
But Bucky had already disappeared.
“A pony?” said Steve disapprovingly.
crazy stupid fine, turns out they’re both members of the Amateur Astronomers Association. So they’re down at The High Line taking in the celestial sights when she tells Miguel: ‘Yo, I know a guy who knows a guy that got footage of Cap here and this
“What surprises you more?” Tony whispered. “That I’m a billionaire playboy genius philanthropist who can also cook, or that I wouldn’t have kicked you out of my bed the next morning?”
“Some sidekick you are,” Steve groused as Bucky closed the door on him.
“Don’t worry about it,” Steve groused, massaging his ribs. “I remember me and Bucky when we were that age, we could get pretty rough with each other at times.”
Tony nodded. “How’s he been keeping?”
dude with a metal arm gettin’ the jump on Tin Man.’ And Miguel is like: ‘For real?’, and she’s like: ‘Yeah. I got mad connects with the peeps behind the curtains, you know what I’m saying?’”
Luis stepped towards Bucky, who was still sitting on the grass eating his lunch, and held out his hand. “Nice to meet you, bro.”
“Hello.”
Tin Man blows his metal arm clean off with one shot! And I’m like:
“So was I,” Tony countered. “Or so everyone likes to think.”
“Because he’s
“Bucky!” he choked. “Get back here and help me!”
“I don’t,” Scott admitted. “I’ve never even met the guy before.”
“Because even though carbon polymer is a
“Stop, you’ll make me blush,” Bucky drawled.
“Not officially, no. You’re like our mascot.” Bucky shot Steve an incredulous look, so he relented. “I’d really appreciate the company, alright? I have the feeling it’s gonna be a long day.”
“Move up, Buck, I’m running out of time,” Steve pleaded, but Bucky shook his head.
“Is it glíma?” Thor asked hopefully. “A contest of strength! My brother, Loki, and I used to play as children. I even managed to break his spine once! A perfect game for any little girl’s birthday party.”
“See, it’s like this,” Luis began. “So, I'm at this restaurant in Midtown called
Cassie, grinning ear to ear, covered her eyes with the palms of her hands and began to count. “One! Two! Three! Four!”
Out of options in the backyard, Steve ran inside the house in the hopes of finding a suitable place to hide. Entering the kitchen, he saw a door to the far left and decided to check it out. Pulling it open, he came face-to-face with Thor and perhaps a dozen other children squeezed into a pantry.
Cassie worried her lip for a moment before chancing her luck and asking, “What if I want a pony?”
“Hey guys, sorry to interrupt…” Steve and Bucky looked up to see Scott approach, followed by a Latino man with a toothy grin plastered across his face. “This is my friend, Luis. Luis, this is Steve Rogers—obviously—and this is the guy I was telling you about, Bucky.”
“He means Tony,” Scott explained. “Go on, Luis.”
“He’s actually my sidekick,” Steve teased, earning him a sharp look from Bucky. “This is James Buchanan Barnes.”
Tony grabbed Steve’s hips and pulled him close. “You’re on.”
Thor froze. “They are?”
“Why not?”
“Indeed! I’ve been on vacation since our last battle,” he explained. “I’ve been learning more about you humans and your strange customs: apparently, it is not, in fact, customary to smash your dinnerware after every meal. You should have told me that before I destroyed Miss Potts’s sizable collection of fine china after our victory feast in New York City.”
I smiled and looked up at the sky "What are you doing Tony?" "It's just really hot" I laughed "So why are you unbuttoning my shirt". He looked into my eyes, dragging his fingers up my bare chest, before leaning in to kiss me.
I went back to the workshop. Natasha scared the shit out of me when I turned around and seen her standing behind me. "Jesus Nat!" She was wearing a navy halterneck dress, fishtail and a lace train, her blonde hair in perfect curls. "Wow...you look fantastic
We got inside and I sat down on the coach "Cap, stay there, I'll be back in a few minutes, just don't go anywhere". I watched him get into the lift, wearing a smug smirk.
I got out of the bed and threw on a dressing gown, slipped his boxers off and threw them at him. Natasha finally got up "I won't tell anyone, but you might want to lock your door". Steve put on his boxers and got out of bed trying to put on his clothes. He was a little too quite for my liking "Steve they had to find out eventually". He was buttoning up his shirt.
Steve's POV
The group of men laughed for a pretty long time. He strolled over with it "Got anything you want to say to me, Steve?" I laughed "Yeah I do actually" he looked almost scared "You have a stain on your tie". He playfully hit me with the flower and grabbed a couple of drinks from the bar.
We all met outside the castle in front of the ship. The queen and Shuri were there to send us off. I thanked them and hugged Shuri "I promise we'll get him back" we pulled apart "please Captain, don't make promises you can't keep" "I promise".
He bit my nipple harshly, it caught me off guard and I yelled, he snapped at me "I told you to keep it down!" "You're the one that bit me!" He stood up so he towered over me "Do I need to make you be quiet?" I smirked "Maybe you do". He pressed down on my shoulder till I was on my knees and undid his belt. I was surprised he wasn't wearing any underwear but I didn't have long to think about it because he pressed my lips to his hard.
He stormed out, the four of us stood quietly. I really started listening to the fight "I'm going to kill you, you whore, you see this knief, I'm going to gut you with it". There was a terrified woman shouting as she was kicked around. I lost it and went into the kitchen. I slammed my shield into the man and kicked him the stomach till he fell to the ground.
While Pepper and Rhodey were talking I slipped away to check up on work, I already had four miss calls. I must have been gone a lot longer than I thought because Steve came looking for me "Tony what are you doing?" I smiled "I just needed to check up on some things" "Come on Tony it's a party" I looked back at the screen "I'll be back in like five minutes". He was persistent, he grabbed me in his arms and started walking "Steve what are you doing, just give me five minutes!" "No Tony, we are going to go enjoy the last round with our friends and then we going to enjoy a couple of rounds in our hotel room" I smirked "I really hope you mean two different types of rounds" he put me back on my feet before walking into the hall "let's just say, drinks from the bar aren't allowed in the room".
I got back to the room about three hours later. The light was still on, I opened the door and seen Steve on the sofa. I was a little tipsy and my shirt was still hanging open, I stood behind him and ran my hand around Steve's neck and down to his abs and down to his trousers.
“Really?” Bucky parroted.
“Found you!” she declared gleefully.
“So, the conflict between you and Tony Stark has been resolved?” he asked hopefully.
Tony’s expression softened. “If I had wanted you to leave, I would have said so.”
Steve immediately tensed, worried about what Tony would say next. “Yeah, Scott invited him.”
Steve sighed and closed his eyes. “This is not the time or place for this, Tony.”
“It still feels inappropriate.”
“Very funny, Buck,” he muttered.
“No problem,” Bucky mumbled, his mouth still full of food. He lifted the party plate up to Steve. “Want some?” When Steve declined, Bucky stuffed a mozzarella stick into his mouth before speaking again, “If you’re so worried about bumping into Tony, you could always leave before he shows up.”
“Everyone, Captain America is here!” Maggie cried. “With his sidekick, Bucky!”
“What, was I not supposed to tell him that?” he asked. “Whoops. My bad.”
Steve watched Bucky chatting to Antonio and smiled. Bucky had spent so long struggling to find a way to reconnect with the world—this could be just what he needed to do that. As the afternoon wore on, Steve spent his time engaging in polite conversation with the other guests and posing for selfies with the kids. Back in his day, an autograph more than sufficed. Now, he was expected to smile until the muscles in his face ached and answer the same questions until he was blue in the face (No, he didn’t actually punch Hitler in the face. Yes, he really was born on the fourth of July. And no, he wasn’t dating anyone at the moment.) The experience felt horribly reminiscent of the time he spent selling war bonds on Broadway, but he reminded himself that he was only performing like a dancing monkey for one day as a favor to Scott.
Tony rolled his eyes. “I’m not going to do anything more than a PG-13 rating, Captain Butter-Wouldn’t-Melt.”
“Yes, ma’am,” he chuckled.
“Man, to be that age again,” Sam chuckled. “Doesn’t coming to parties like this make you want to be a kid again?”
“Twenty-three!” Cassie cried. “Twenty-four!”
Thinking about Tony made Steve’s stomach twist unpleasantly, so he swiftly pushed that feeling aside and changed the subject. “I brought Bucky with me like you asked, but you didn’t say why you wanted me to bring him along in the first place.”
“It wasn’t like that,” Steve argued lamely. “There were a lot of mitigating factors at play—”
“I see Thor’s turned up to the party,” said Sam, turning to Scott. “I didn’t realize you knew him.”
“Okay okay. Anyway, Miguel tells me that this crazy fine vlogger chick that he met online, like fine,
“Luis, we talked about this,” Scott groaned.
With their sodas in hand, Sam and Steve wandered over to the swing set to sit and enjoy their drinks in peace. They chatted and watched the party from the quiet end of the yard, laughing when Scott tried (and failed) to lift Mjölnir when challenged by Thor. But just as Steve was beginning to relax and enjoy himself, he felt the tension grip his body again when he spotted a familiar face in the crowd.
“Interesting.” An awkward silence followed before Tony spoke again, “So...how have you been?”
Steve couldn’t help but smile at that. He was beginning to remember why it had been so easy to fall into bed with Tony. His smile faltered when he admitted, “I shouldn’t have run out on you like that. It’s just...it's been five years since I came out of the ice and some habits are difficult to break.”
