5. There’s another character I wanted to introduce here as they’re pretty vital to the plot, but I couldn’t figure out a way to do it without drawing the chapter away from its point so they’ll just get their intro another time.
“W-wait.” Tony gasped.
“Not tonight Steve.” Said man cut in, “My head is killing me. It’s literally throbbing and I….I just can’t tonight.”
“Fenrir?!” Loki exclaimed when the wolf shot past him. “Fenrir come here!” But the wolf was already gone. Loki let out an aggravated growl. “Tony!”
Loki let out a loud groan that ended in a muffled scream of frustration.
“Magic what? Oh right I remember.” Tony laughed then that turned into a moan when he was forced into silence as Steve kissed him.
“That doesn’t count.” Rhodey reprimanded, “They were passing travelers, and all you said was hi and then told them to buzz off. That’s not being around people Tones, that’s telling people off.”
“You could have asked him to send me a letter or something!” Betty exclaimed giving Bruce a glare.
“Tony stop.” Steve said firmly, getting said man to look at him. “Everyone has weak moments. Everyone has their own issues. You don’t have to apologize for being human.”
“Don’t tell me how to handle my property!” Loki immediately shot back, the temperature dropping even more.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t make me ground you.” Rhodey said in a serious tone that was softened by the smile on his face.
Loki shook his head to try and banish the memory, then he shot an ice blast at the wall.
“Thanks again Tony.” Steve said giving the brunette a grateful look.
Tony walked away from the river and the three wanna-be heros. He didn’t wander too far though, just enough that he knew he was out of the trios sight. He then pulled out the rune stone Loki had given him and opened a portal to Hel. Once he stepped through he found himself in Loki’s throne room. As usual, Loki was sitting on his throne and had all his gold jewelry on (the chains around his horns, his multiple necklaces, earrings, etc). However, his stance was very formal, he sat up straight and had a more regal air around him.
“What’s happening?” Clint whispered but Fenrir heard it and immediately went back on the defensive.
“I saw that.” Rhodey said pointedly after they had finished cleaning up.
Being raised by the god of Mischief had its perks, Tony was very good at lying. However he couldn’t do it in that instance, he just needed to leave.
Thor, who was on the cusp of climax about a second ago, took a few deep breaths and stared at Loki confused. “Wh-what happened?!”
“Wh-what does that mean?” Clint asked as he continued to try and get used to being blind.
“I’m shit at this, so it’s going as well as can be expected.” Tony grumbled to the unknown male. “Don’t give me that look. This is hard!” Tony exclaimed.
I can't believe this fic has gotten over 100 comments and 200 kudos! That's CRAZY! Thank you all SO SO much!
1. I’m a super sucker for overprotective!characters. Bucky with Steve and now Rhodey with Tony. I’m just such a sucker for this trope.
“Our friends are desperate for information about him! His lover is in a panic!”
“I am not talking to you.” Loki seethed in fury, then swept his glare back towards the Avengers.
“Sure.” The woman drawled disbelief dripping from her tone.
“Enough Steve! I get it! He’s a god! Your only mortal! So-” Tony shrugged as if the ending was a foregone conclusion.
Steve hurried to comply and went to the other side of the workshop. Steve then grabbed his stool and pulled it up to the tool wall in order to reach the desired mallet. Howard was about 6 feet and Steve was only 5 feet 4 inches, so he needed a stool or boost in order to reach most things in the workshop.
Within seconds they were in front of the mortals who beseeched him. Loki was fully prepared to eviscerate the mortals kneeling in front of him, when he realized they were in his throne room.
Then in Steve’s next breath he said. “Howard sold him.”
Steve chuckled a bit as he righted himself. Then the sound of someone gasping and coughing caught his attention.
“I must see this tribute to Loki!” Thor spoke jovially as he rushed past the brunette, who was still trying to right himself.
Inside the house, everything was exactly as Steve had last seen it. Nothing was out of place or in more disarray then when they had previously left it. Sam and him searched the whole house but couldn’t find Tony.
“Well then Anthony.” Tony immediately gave his attention to Loki. The god never used his full first name unless he was in deep shit. “Instead of subtracting 2 years off your sentence, I’m adding 2 on.” Tony looked aghast. “You gave it your best shot.” He ended mockingly.
“Well...yeah!” Tony answered throwing his shoulders back. Now Steve gaped like a fish. “Steve you don’t have to hide it! I mean everyone knows!”
“There’s nothing selfish about all that you’ve done and are doing Steve.” Howard reassured, but Steve shook his head in rebuttal.
“Amora!” He shouted.
“He was right. We were the ones in danger and he was absolutely fine.” Sam laughed and shook his head again “Next time we run into him, I don’t know about all of you.” He gave the group a sweeping look, “But I’m going to listen to him.”
He thought.
“In related news we need to formulate a proper battle plan.” Bucky’s finger hit the table and he leaned forward, his face reflecting that of a general preparing a strike force.
“We’re gonna die?!” Clint interrupted in a panic.
4. Can you tell which superheroes I’m not in love with are? Sorry Jean Grey and Giant Man/Hank Pym fans but I don’t really like them.
1. Frigga is a warrior Queen. I was never able to picture Odin declaring anyone “worthy” but Frigga is another story and she is a warrior sooo yup she dubbed Steve worthy.
After Steve’s tears had subsided, Howard walked him home. That night, Steve had laid on his hammock till he heard Bucky’s breath even out. Then he got up and snuck over to Peggy’s house.
“James, I’m afraid we will have to pause our conversation. Something more pressing has just arrived.” Loki commanded, as he leaned on his throne’s armrest.
“Can we go back to being happy for me?”
She yanked Tony closer to her and enfolded him in a tight embrace. Clutching each other they sunk to the temple floor, clinging to each other as they cried. Eventually a crazed laugh broke free from Maria’s lips as she pulled Tony’s face away from her shoulder to look him over. She then let a smile overtake her face, tears still clinging to her eyes.
“You!” Bucky stabbed Steve with a finger. “What’s up with how you were acting with that guy?”
“Plus we can’t bring him in.” Sam pointed out. “We’re the Avengers! It’d be odd for us to bring our -no offense” He looked at Tony who nodded “roadie into battle with us.”
Suddenly the mist began to form an 8 year old Tony, a young Rhodey, and Loki in a lounging room in the Palace.
“...I was scared you’d leave.” Steve admitted meekly.
“What declaration?” Tony asked but Loki and Rhodey just shrugged in answer. Tony gave them a glare of annoyance.
“Surely you must have had something sexual with Thor?!”
When Tony’s shade had finally made his way to the ferry on Styx, the ferryman -an ogre Tony had nicknamed Happy- broke down. Happy brought him up into the helm of the ship. For awhile Happy just cried while Tony’s soul attempted to comfort his friend.
Bucky gave Steve’s hand a squeeze in support as Steve let out a nervous breath. “Let’s do this.”
“Glad she didn’t shoot me in the face.” Tony laughed.
“No, it’s not.” He said firmly. “I’m sorry about that. They should have never threatened you. It was a tense situation but that’s still no excuse for threatening an unarmed man.” The blonde tightened his grip on the brunettes hand “I’ll make sure they apologize to you personally. Natasha and Bucky both owe you that.”
Thor knew no good could come of that so he instantly sent a lightning strike to hit the witch.
“I did what was right.” Lightening began to crackle over Thor’s shoulders.
They all readied their weapons and made to move in on the Avengers. The Avengers themselves all reached for their weapons and prepared themselves for battle.
The Avengers waited to see if more information would follow, but Pepper appeared to be done talking. They all glanced at each other before Steve took charge.
“That’s rarely good.”
“Yes!” Tony cheered doing a fist pump into the air. He then began to strip out of the furs he was wrapped in.
Bucky balked at Bruce, then something dawned on him and he looked at everyone else. All of them looked at him cautiously, carefully. “You think I made it up…” He breathed as the realization rolled over him.
“Uh…”
They then lapsed into silence. During their silence everyone noticed Thor getting more and more agitated.
“What?” Tony glanced at the retreating blonde’s back then over to Bruce and Bucky who both had their hands up as if ready to help but unsure how. “....what?”
“NO!” Tony gasped, his whole body jolting at the thought.
Steve blushed a bright red at Tony’s attention and the brunette smirked.
’ His mind helpfully suggested. Tony thought he was still trying to get Peggy back. Tony thought Steve saw him as a fill in for Peggy. Tony thought he was lying when he said he loved him.
“No really, I’m sorry I messed the whole evening up.” Tony rambled putting a hand over his face.
Bruce just shook his head and flopped down on a chair. “I had no idea you lived in a place this massive.”
“Sam Wilson, and I’m happy to help. Thor filled me in briefly about your situation.” Sam’s eyes took on a sympathetic look. “I’m sorry about your intended.” Steve’s eyes flitted away but he gave a firm nod of appreciation.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve’s face instantly took on a dark red hue as the others gave him some comforting words. All but Bucky, who only looked confused as he glanced at his best friend then back to their other friends.
“Not so fast, sweetheart.” He then lifted the struggling brunette up to his face level.
(See the end of the chapter for
“They don’t like you.” Bucky answered immediately, then his eyes bulged as he studied his lap.
Steve huffed a breath and took a seat on the stool by the bed. “It’s not fair Peggy. If I knew our last kiss was actually going to be our last….” They stared at each other and Steve swallowed a heavy lump while Peggy actually let a tear out one eye.
“That’s not true Steve!”
“Now,” Amora drawled and did a sweeping gesture with her arm to Bucky. “Slit his throat.”
Steve blushed embarrassed and Howard gave another chuckle.
After finishing his workload Tony was informed by an Underworld minion that Loki requested his presence in the Throne Room.
“A mark of your death.” Loki explained “You will have to wear it so Hel knows when you die that you are simply reclaiming your earlier spot.”
2. Tony grew up with Loki of course he’s got MAD Bull Shitting abilities. I love this chapter for this reason and was so excited to write it. :D
“I can imagine.” Steve agreed but Tony seemed to barely acknowledge his words.
“What?” Thor asked, genuinely confused.
“I have a plan.” He said calmly.
“I thought you said he wouldn’t help them?” Amora asked.
“LET HIM GO!” Steve yelled throwing his shield directly at Loki.
“What are you doing here?” Loki’s tone was dripping with venom as he charged towards the blonde.
“So much for catching up on that reading.” Loki sighed then put a place marker in the book and set it down.
Steve’s eyes immediately averted and he began to curl into himself. Erskine hit on his weakest point. He knew his physique wasn’t impressive, but Thor had said he could be a True Hero. He had said it so effortlessly. Not a moment of hesitation, no giving him a once over and saying “maybe not” or “if you weren’t so”. So Steve hadn’t doubted him, yet here his supposed trainer was doubting him after offering him his dream.
“OH! Come on!” Bucky shouted, his patience with this situation at an end. “This is stupid! Look!” Bucky jabbed a finger at Loki. “We haven’t ever slept or done anything romantic with Thor! We’re not interested!” Bucky then grabbed Sam’s shoulder. “I’m with Sam!” Then Bucky jerked his head towards Natasha and Clint. “They’re together or have an arrangement of some sort! And He,” He pointed at Steve “Loves Tony!” A beat of silence passed. “I’m not explaining it again. This is stupid, whole situation’s dumb.” He muttered the last part with a roll of his shoulders.
“Uh Steve,” Erskine interrupted. “You have to undress.” He gestured to Steve’s chiton. “Otherwise it’ll rip and just be in the way.”
“Sure Tones.” Rhodey drawled and decided to not push the issue.
“Thanks for saving me today.”
Tony dropped his look of pity and his face went back to that of smugness.
“Wrong! I do have a deal.” Thor gave a smirk and crossed his arms. “I read some of those writing about Hel that I brought you.” Loki raised his eyebrow in curiosity but Thor ignored him and turned to the mortals. “Mortal,” he addressed “What is your name?”
Steve paused in his ministrations and even stopped his hips which was very difficult. Tony then pulled and pushed on the blonde till Steve pulled away and sat up. Tony then undid Steve’s pin and helped pull the fabric off the blonde. Steve smiled and then did the same with the brunette, till they were both just in their smallclothes. Their smallclothes which barely contained their very obvious hard ons.
Everyone nodded and began to move. Sam helped Bucky up. Natasha went to Clint with Phil’s assistance. Betty helped and let Bruce lean heavily on her. Tony made an aborted gesture to go to Steve but held himself back.
Some memorable ones were: a giant boar with a hide so tough it shattered swords, a flock of harpies that had swooped in and tried carrying off anyone and everyone they could grab, a griffin that destroyed several buildings, and a sea serpent that sprayed boiling water. The Avengers had taken care of all of them.
Everyone then scanned the dark and grim horizon with a grimace.
Bucky’s face dropped as Sam beamed at the blonde. Clint and Bruce looked shocked while Thor and Betty looked confused. Natasha didn’t show a reaction other than her eyebrows hitching up higher on her face. Then all the questions came, all at once.
“Yeah and when this is done you can be free too.” Tony joked but it fell flat as Rhodey only glared at him in response. Tony groaned and dragged a hand down his face. “Come on Rhodeybear.”
“I should have told you. But I didn’t, and that’s on me.” Finally the blonde looked up at his friend. “I know you put everything on hold. I know you gave up everything to follow me. And just because it’s worked out doesn't excuse the fact that I
Some nights Tony would catch Steve looking at his scars with guilt, or mummering apologies along with 'I love yous'. So the scars were something they both struggled with. Also Steve's association of failure and the sea seemed to increase. So walks on the beach wasn't something they would often do, if ever. But with time things would get better.
In the town he was nearby, Tony had tried talking to a few people but found it harder than talking to shades.
“Here darling.” She lifted a pot and dropped it in Loki’s hands. “Destroy these. It’ll be cathartic.”
“I’m a protector. It’s what us centaurs do.”
“Someone's in trouble.” Steve whispered as he turned his head in the direction of the noise.
Suddenly, loud growling could be heard from the end of the street and a wolf twice the size of a man could be seen prowling towards them.
“I understand your impatience, but listen to me, as I speak from experience. Acting rashly will only push you further from your goal not closer to it.”
“But everyone can manipulate me?!” Tony screamed back just an enraged.
“Steve really.” Peggy put on a teasing tone. “You’re such a softy, even all muscled up.” She made a movement as if to poke his chest.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony hadn’t moved but the Avengers were starting to get enough of their barings and strength to stand up. So far, Clint had pulled himself into a kneeling position and was patting the ground. Natasha was able to get up to one knee. Sam was doing the best. He had already stood up and was now bent over with his hands on his knees, taking some deep breaths. Getting your strengths knocked out of you really did a number.
Bucky looked shocked and completely offended at Steve’s words. Steve meanwhile burst out laughing as Bucky sputtered.
“Amora!” Tony growled and glared at the witch.
“What he said!” Clint yelled.
“He had to go shepherd a storm.” Steve explained, kneeling next to the disappointed kid. “Sorry bud.”
Everyone gave a variation of hello all the while Rhodey seemed to just stare them down. His face only giving away that he was unimpressed with the lot of them.
Thor gave them his word he would be gentle with his deliverables then promised to return and took off.
“-Man.” Steve finished lamely, the glare and words instantly deflating him and throwing him off kilter.  “But, you...A-aren’t you in distress?” Steve asked, uncertainty was littered throughout his tone as he looked only at Tony; who was still wriggling in Ty’s grip.
“They weren’t lying. I could tell.” Loki gave Tony an over-the-top look of disbelief. That immediately made Tony stand on edge. “Thor looked me in the eyes and told me-”
!” He then turned his back to Tony and ranted at the sky. “And Odin hasn’t done anything because he’s happy that Thor has finally disregarded me! The last runt of the Jotunn line has been dealt with and hidden away!” Loki sprung back around and was fully blue and red eyed.
Tony wanted to laugh at the offended face Amora wore. She couldn’t believe her powers were being questioned and worse off, that she was being shelved. Loki then looked at him and Tony tried to mask his enjoyment but Loki appeared to just study him then he smirked.
“Your mad that he took shelter?” Bruce asked not unkindly.
A haunted look flit past Erskine's eyes and Steve remembered him talking about the past people he trained.
“Then with the Avengers here. None of them are even sleeping with Thor, but he was still so mad that he wanted to kill them.” Tony met Amora’s glare with a look of mockery “But nothing to Amora.” Her shoulders rose as did her fury.
Loki only raised an eyebrow and the witch flopped a hand at him.
He looked over the size of the crowd.
“Have you guys been going with Tony and Steve on their dates?!” Thor cringed and averted his eyes in the same manner Bruce had. “By the gods.” Bucky groaned.
Steve now looked extremely frustrated. With a huff he yanked Tony closer then twisted the man and threw Tony over his shoulder.
Ty went down hard. Steve then leaped off his back and immediately pivoted then charged the down centaur. Pulling back his arm he threw a punch at the centaur and sent him once again flying further into the river. Only this time the centaur didn’t look to be getting back up.
He could tell his mother wanted more answers; but she could see the hesitation and fear in Tony’s eyes, and so didn’t push on the full story. She would never let Tony go again so they had a lifetime together where he could explain everything.
“Oh! You had to?!” Bucky screeched, lifting his head to glare at the man.
Everything went a lot smoother after that. Tony had formally met Betty and they both needled Bruce about taking so long to leave the Monster Bog. At the mention of the Monster Bog, Steve gave Bucky and Natasha a meaningful look and so the two apologized.
“UGH!” Thor flopped back. “All you are doing is looking at ancient scrolls about Hel.”
“DO NOT MOVE FROM THAT SPOT!”
“This is where you will train to become a True Hero.” Thor announced.
“Uh...call him?” Bruce questioned.
“Yeah,” Tony chuckled quietly into the King's ear so only he heard it. “You’re not that clever.” King Minos began thrashing and a high ranking member of the court ordered a guard to take Minos and restrain him.
Steve then tried to pull Tony to a standing position. However that only resulted in Tony glancing at Howards stone face.
“Fine. You don’t have to, but I am.” Tony teased but Steve just looked more aggravated and continued to keep his eyes straight ahead. “....you really don’t see it do you?”
Now everyone made their way back to the beach and gathered around Steve.
“He has not acted against me because he knows it will displease Thor.” She smiled but Tony just tutted as if he was disappointed in her.
“No!” Happy jumps in as he steered the ferry. “You’re still living, it just took your energy. Us living creatures can gain energy back. You know? From naps and food and rest. Shade’s don’t get that luxury. Once all their energy is gone it’s gone.”
“This mortal has proved himself to be difficult in all things.” She growled.
“I’m just going to throw this out here again. Feel free to ignore it as you have everytime I say it.” Tony said smoothly as he walked over to Loki and stood in front of the god. “But why don’t you Talk. To. Thor?” He punctuated each word clearly and loudly, as if that would help get the idea into Loki’s horned head.
Instead of responding Loki pulled the blonde into a demanding kiss. Thor was not about to turn down a tumble with his lover, so he dropped the question. He then grabbed Loki’s bare thighs and hoisted him up, so the slimmer god could wrap his legs around Thor’s waist.
Tony however was going through an internal panic. He had not planned on Thor being here. When he received the invitation from the courier it just said “From the Avengers”. So he hadn’t prepared himself on how to act around or what to say to Thor. Normal people get starstruck being so close to a god, correct? So he should act starstruck. But Thor has been around New Thebe’s for sometime now -helping the Avengers and such- so seeing him with them should be expected. So he should act casual like it’s not a big deal? He was not equipped to handle this. He should have prepared for this.
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha looked skeptical but Clint only shook her lightly. They then seemed to have a conversation with only their eyes for a minute. Natasha then sighed in defeat and Clint grinned even more.
“Night Steve.” Tony responded in a lighter tone.
“I’ve never seen him around here before.” Natasha said her eyes darting to and fro as she tried to recall ever noticing the red chiton wearing man.
“I am done.” He said with finality, his tone not as furious as it was to Thor but more damning. “Do what you want now. Live your short lives. Eventually, you will all die. And then you will be mine.” A cruel smile slowly cracked it’s way onto the blue god’s face. “And when you die, I will have the most amazing time ripping your souls asunder. You will not know rest and will beg for something as sweet as pain.”
https://lozfanchick.tumblr.com/search/The+Hercules+AU
“Yeah?” Steve gasped glancing away from the brunettes face, down to where their hips were pushed together.
Steve let out a growl of anger as Sam and Bucky tensed up at the scene.
The feeling grew.
The blonde’s grip loosened and that’s all Loki needed to elbow him and quickly crawl out from under him. However Thor made no move to summon mjolnir from the wall he had embedded it in earlier; and Loki made no move to summon his magic.
“I was checking in through my statutes eyes to see what you were doing-”
2. Finally! Bucky’s POV is out there. I feel like Bucky’s had it rough. His friend died, his bff then dove into a half-thought-out plan to save said friend. Then the bff starts acting like “Peggy who? Boy is the new guy hot!” Like wtf?! And everyone is acting like he’s the crazy one.
Asterion was instructed to stay low and stay behind the Avengers no matter what. “Worse comes to worst, run back into the labyrinth and hide in there.” Steve instructed.
“Tony,” Steve called gently and grabbed the angry man’s arm to get his attention. “Can you tell us what you know?” Tony sighed then sat back in his chair and began his explanation.
“Loki may have taken our biggest strengths but that’s not all we have.” He continued. “Clint even without your sight you have an impeccable ability to know where your target is.” Clint preened at the compliment, Steve then turned to Natasha. “Natasha, even off balance you still know how to effectively handle every single weapon we own.” Natasha twirled the sword in her hand, proving Steve’s point. “Bruce your strength was great but what’s even better is you being able to just look at a monster and figure out where to hit it and how to hurt it.” Bruce ducked his head and rubbed the back of it. Betty grabbed his arm and gave it an excited and encouraging shake. “Sam, Bucky...you guys have been with me every step of the way. You're adaptable, you're dependable, and neither of you know when to quit.” Steve let out a huff of laughter “which is why we all get along so well.” He admitted ruthfully causing the other two men to chuckle. “We can do this!”
“They’re just overeager.” The dark skinned man replied with a shrug. “You ok?”
“The Big Olive itself.” Sam added while gawking at the city around him.
“So who are you? We know your name is Pepper and your’s is Happy but…” Steve trailed off.
“I know it’s dangerous Steve, but like I said I’m fine, I can handle it.”
“OH! I didn’t mean-!” Steve tried but Sam grabbed his arm.
“Maybe this is a test?” Steve pondered as he and Bucky began to walk into the room further.
“Tones!” Tony launched himself at the centaurs chest and was crushed into a hug.
Bucky had wrapped the leg and was applying pressure but it needed proper binding.
“Thanks, that was actually my idea.” Tony smiled, looking up at the sky light. “I really like looking at the sun and stars so,” Tony shrugged and looked thoughtful “I wanted a constant view of them.”
“It’s not perfect.” Cling repeated “But it’s got the best outcome.”
“Did you finish it?” Loki asked, knowing that if he didn’t intervene Amora and Tony would continue to trade barbs and he was in no mood for that.
“Loki took everyone's strengths. Then he sent Fenrir after them. I managed to get him to leave. But now he sent Jörmungandr, and he doesn’t listen to me at all.”
And so life went on. From adventure to adventure, there was never a dull moment. Though there were quiet ones.
“Giving me orders in my own Palace?!”
.” Tony said the nickname pointedly. “It’s your brain! It’s you!” Tony gestured to all of the tiny blonde, who just looked more frustrated as they continued moving forward. “Your ability to look at a situation, take charge no matter what, and formulate an efficient and effective battle plan! That’s your biggest strength! Not the muscles or super powers that water gave you!”
“Loki!” Thor gasped in despair. He had underestimated Loki’s hurt. He had thought Loki was just angry, he should have known Loki was hiding his hurt behind his anger. Loki should have talked with him. Why did he not just talk to him?!
“You’re exaggerating, I don’t think you’re in the negatives.” Loki scoffed and seemingly ignored Tony’s suggestion. “This is a setback but a minor one.”
“I guess I can forgive you for your buffoonery. Now that this is all behind us.” His tone was firm but he trailed his hand softly up Thor’s body till it landed on his cheek.
“Steve.” Natasha tried but Steve barreled over her.
“But-”
“Yeah.” Tony then realized his entire chest was exposed thanks to Ty. “A little underdressed, but ok.” He then began to try and tie the front and back parts of his chiton together.
Sam then deployed his wings, grabbed Bucky and followed after their leader.
“That’s why-! That explains why he stopped letting me play with him!” Thor boomed, “He’d always slither away or wrap tighter around Loki. And I love snakes so I was so disappointed. As a child I’d-”
Tony walked with him and smirked. “Wish you told me in advance, I’d have picked a better outfit.” He said in a teasing tone.
She made to turn her head but paused before even the corner of her eyes could see him. She seemed to have caught herself and turned back to her candle. Dismissing the call as to not being for her.
The shade waved both arms back but remained silent, it then headed back to the four legged monster.
“We couldn’t possibly!” They had tried to push back but Steve waved them off.
Loki thought for the billionth time as he followed the minion.
More time later, Steve brought up a new girlfriend he was seeing, Sharon Carter. Tony asked about her and if Steve was happy. When Steve said he was, Tony smiled. They were friends.
2. Bucky is me with that rant. Lol I kept running into the ‘how to get them to believe the truth’ issues and was done writing long arguments so Bucky got to go off. Plus this puts a nice little ending to the Bucky/Sam subplot. They’re together, it’s not casual :3
“Only because you weren’t being reasonable!” Thor defended.
“They’re going into the Mists again!” Rhodey moved further down the outcropping, still trying to come up with a quick way across.
“Hey if I teach Fenrir a trick how much time would that earn me?” He asked as he hung the furs on a knob by the inner chambers door. He always kept furs in the Throne Room, ready for when Loki went into one of his moods.
“What was that?!” Bucky yelled, springing out of his hiding place; Sam followed behind him shaking his head in disbelief.
“About a monster not being a monster? Tony, not everyone understands or is willing to understand Monsters like you do! And no one knows you so they won’t take your word or ours over their opinion. The Queen won’t back us, she barely speaks as is.” He stopped himself from slamming his hands down in frustration. “It’s not perfect. I’m not happy about it either but…”
But Loki flung a hand up which opened a portal under Tony, causing said mortal to fall into it. Tony bounced off his bed back in the Palace of Hel. He quickly got up and made for the door but found it locked from the outside. Looking around he saw his window now had bars in it. He was grounded but it felt more like trapped then it ever had in a very long time.
Loki simmered in his anger, icicles forming quickly all around the room. Thor had sided with that mortal over him, had mentioned that mortal and his friends in their bed, had undoubtedly slept with him, and now that same mortal was interfering in his work.  This Steve Rogers had to die!
The one time the group told him to bring his younger brother along had been a nightmare. Everyone was in their mid twenties but Thor’s brother was 13, and he thought he could rule the world. Loki was a prankster that put both Tony and Clint to shame. He outwitted everyone at the party and started 4 separate fights. One of which ended with Bucky punching a hole in the wall and another ending with Clint being thrown through a door. After Natasha calmed everyone down and pinpointed that Loki was the cause of all the fights, Thor had defended the kid. Of course Thor made Loki apologize, but the smirk on Loki’s face as he did so, proved he wasn’t sorry for anything that happened. After that, everyone thought it best that Thor never bring Loki around again.
“I have been friends with Tony for many years now. He is very dear to me. When I heard he died...” Pepper looked directly into Steve’s eyes “What is Tony to you?”
After a bit of exploring they went back in front of the throne and shared a confused glance.
“So no Peggy sightings today?” Bucky asked
felt like this. This felt like he was being torn apart and put back together. He screamed loud and intensely, trying to use his voice as an outlet for the pain. It didn’t work, the pain kept coming and hitting him over and over.
As they were walking back the body twitched and then jolted back upright. The crowd and the group of heroes took a deep inhale of breath.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony watched them leave then turned back to the crowd and gave some light applause of his own.
Loki scoffed again but nodded a yes. Tony then turned to Thor who looked beyond pleased to see Tony.
“We’ll have Sam or Thor travel over to your destination and pick it up in 3 days. Sound good?” Bucky added.
“We’ll find him.” Bucky assured. “Betty, can you stay here in case he does eventually come over?” Betty nodded.
3. Cookies for anyone who catches the mythological reference I threw in this chapter :3
Steve gave a brisk nod. “I’ll be fine. Go.”
“No.” Clint barked with a laugh of disbelief. “There’s no...call, or whatever. He’s a god! He just shows up.”
Steve watched the man do an awkward run out of the room. He then took a moment to take all his small clothes off and moved them along with their chitons onto the floor and away from them.
All the Avengers were in the training yard, looking towards the sky and waiting for any sign of Thor. Steve and Bucky had begun sparing in order to keep Steve’s mind off things; but the blonde would always glance up, looking for Thor. Betty sat next to Bruce and talked, rambling about everything and anything. She was trying to keep all their minds occupied so they didn’t all just sit there and pace, or drown in worry.
“This place is HUGE!” Clint gasped as he scanned the large sitting room Tony ushered them into.
“And you believe the worst of them.” Steve shot back.
“The deal has been accepted.”
Bruce quickly diffused the situation by explaining how they offered to help him and were not in fact threatening him in any way. Betty had looked beyond relieved at his words then jumped off the horse and slapped Bruce across the face.
“Loki your chambers have been a mess for over a decade now!”
“I’m sorry for undermining you so publicly.” Thor murmured into the quiet. The apology earned him a small smile from the raven haired god.
Loki could vaguely hear Amora ranting about something being for nothing and that she’d kill, presumably the Avengers, anyway. But all of that faded to the background as Loki took Tony in.
boyfriend to an art gala?”
Peggy Carter was a little older than Steve and Bucky and was an extremely capable woman. She had brains and brawns, and ran the books for Howard’s office. She was also Steve’s girlfriend. She, like many others, moved into the city after Howard had built it up. Howard immediately offered her a job and she more than proved herself a very capable worker. She could have any man or woman that she wanted, and she chose Steve. The gangly blonde man, that followed Howard Stark around like a shadow, waiting for his next opportunity to be useful. Steve still couldn't believe how lucky he was.
Clint chuckled. “Can’t get it done in a day?” He shrugged and Loki glowered at him.
Tony flinched as she sobbed. He began to wring his hands together again as his own tears pricked at his eyes.
Loki gave him an appraising look then summoned The Scepter of the Dead. Everyone instinctively gasped and went on edge. Loki studied the Scepter then looked over towards Steve. The god’s eyes were smug, as if he had just proved his point. Steve’s eyebrows twitched in frustration and he took a step forward. Thor smiled at his friend and then moved to stand beside the blonde mortal. Loki glared at Thor then held the Scepter in front of Steve.
“It’s Jarvis. But I just go by Tony.”
“You didn’t send Amora, did you?” Tony asked, but he felt he already knew the answer.
“Then I will offer them a deal.” Bucky and Steve looked at Thor in shock as Loki barked a laugh.
Maria’s eyes trailed Tony up and down several times as tears sprung up to her eyes. Her hands flew to her mouth to silence the sob that worked its way up her throat. Tony made to go to her, especially when she seemed to crumble to the floor. Folding herself into a fetal position as sobs wracked her body. Tony tried to get his feet to move but seemed stuck in place. Just as he finally forced his body to take a step towards his sobbing Mother she cried out.
Loki summoned a floating circle of sorts. In the circle was an image of Tony leaning over the cliffside watching the Avengers make their way away from his house:
“I... don’t think I’m doing this for that reason...not anymore anyway.”
“Thor we need your help.” Steve urged.
The man then reached into his pack and pulled out a very familiar map.
When Tony eventually arrived he visibly staggered in the entryway. Having all the Avengers and the god of thunder’s direct attention focused on you was more than a bit startling.
“Stevey?” She then coughed and immediately covered it with her blankets. “What are you doing here?”
the opening of the new play.” Phil cut in as he waltzed into the room everyone was gathered in. “You all have fifteen minutes to get ready before we head out to the downtown theatre.”
a burden.” Rhodey began, Tony groaned and made to turn away but the centaur grabbed his shoulders to keep the human in front of him. “You are not holding me prisoner. I am here because I want to be.” Tony made a sound of disbelief but Rhodey ignored it, “I take my vacation days. I can come and go as I please. You are my charge and my
Tony let out a long groan of frustration and Pepper gave him a moment before speaking again.
“And here!” Natasha's voice rang out as she appeared in the entryway. “We have Steve Roger’s famous workout session,”
“Not completely healed up but good enough.” Bucky answered as he and Steve took their seats.
“No buts.” Steve’s tone brokered no argument. “I’m the one who should apologize. I should have known a crowded unveiling was a stupid idea.”
Loki shuddered as Thor’s mouth latched onto his earlobe, he then pushed Thor away and gave the blonde a glare. Thor merely laughed at the look then went off to fetch the wine. Once the door closed, Loki looked towards a small table set up in his room. It was the only surface that wasn't currently holding any scrolls or writings. He then wiggled his fingers in its direction and suddenly several bottles of wine appeared on the table and Loki smirked.
“What.” Loki spat in a tone of pure ice, as blue began to creep up his arms and legs.
A few months later the disease had hit and now here they were. They shared a sorrowful look but then Peggy got a determined look in her eyes.
3. Do you get my title? 3 (Tony, Loki, Jarvis) and a half (Rhodey cause he’s a centaur) men HA! I’m so funny!
So the Avengers loaded up into their custom carriage and began to travel back home. Their carriage had artwork depicting the Avengers on it and was detailed with “The Avengers” printed on both sides. It was drawn by horses, and had a cloth top that they could pull back or fastened when needed.
Pepper then walked towards a giant who appeared to have been just scanning the field. Upon seeing Pepper the giant got as close to the ground as he could. The two spoke quietly then the giant nodded and made a gesture behind him and pointed as if to turn left. Pepper nodded then shouted back to the Avengers to follow her.
“I’m not betraying you!” Tony yelled desperately. “Loki, I am and have always been on your side!”
“ENOUGH!” Loki boomed and a cooling green mist rushed past them all.
“Lord Thor is there any other way for me to become a True Hero?” Steve pleaded. “I understand Erskine’s caution, but I need to bring Peggy back and this” he gestured to the island. “Doesn’t appear to be getting me any closer.”
“Wait! O-one second!” Tony gasped then painfully extracted himself from Steve’s arms.
“LOOK BACK!” Tony screamed. “PLEASE LOOK BACK!” Silence answered him and he sobbed again then continued to scream desperately “DAD PLEASE!
“Can he control himself when he’s the Hulk?” Sam asked.
“What more is needed?”
“Was that a game you guys were playing earlier?” Steve asked.
They eventually pulled away from each other and Tony showed Rhodey around their home.
The man wore a warrior's dress with purple accents but no cape. He had multiple bows and a variety of arrows on his person, as well as a dagger strapped to his ankle. He had an easy smile on his face as he went over to the deceased and began to take his arrows out of their bodies.
“You talk big, but you really have a good heart Tones.” Rhodey praised. Tony huffed and crossed his arms defiantly. “All that talk, people are bastards and untrustworthy. But the first chance you get to help someone. You jump on it….literally.” The centaur made a vague motion to Tony’s now injured ankle.
“No, I played into his injury.”
Steve, Bucky, and Sam all walked through the forest. Sam would occasionally fly up to make sure they were on the right path towards New Thebes City. Bucky kept checking over his weapons, excited to finally put their new skills to the test.
“We need to discuss the court proceedings and what we’ll need from you and your team.”
“No, it’s not as fun.”
“I bet Tony pulled Steve into a dance before dinner.” Betty fantasized.
“That-” Tony gripped the cape around his shoulder and immediately whipped it off his shoulders glaring at it. “That’s not fair!” It was those three’s fault. Ty was handsy but he could have talked him down if Steve Rogers had not interfered.
Tony thought as his eyes wandered.
“Thor it’s my beseechment, not yours.” He tried to pull his arm free but Thor resisted. “Besides I won’t be long, as I said I’m going to kill them then come back.” He smiled a cruel smile and Thor frowned.
“NO!” Loki screeched, jumping up. “You dare to infringe upon
“It’s a wolf right?” Clint asked.
“She’s dating a monster?” Clint asked and Tony gave him a small glare.
They made it to the theatre and were able to grab some mixed nuts and drinks to share during the performance. The play told the story of Odin rising up against his tyrannical mother (Bestla) and all her kin, the dreaded Jotunns.
The god slowly made his way over to Steve and held out his hand. Steve gave Tony a nod, but Tony kept shaking his head in the negative. Steve then squared his shoulders and grabbed the gods hand.
“He’s a child!” Natasha yelled. Some memories from her childhood flashing up in her mind. “You can’t put that on him!”
“Don’t worry we’ve been through here before.”  Steve tried to reassure his friend.
“Never look back, only forward.” Bucky parroted from the billboards and flyers he had seen in Howard’s office and all around.
“...your bandits as well.” Steve pieced together.
about it.” He then gently placed it on the table and unravelled some of it.
1. Do you like Sam’s backstory? I went with a Perseus remix and I really like the results. I was debating on killing Riley then thought this is a Disney AU so nope, he’s alive!
“Do not remind me!”  Loki growled, also reliving the memory of Thor and his past female mortal love.
’ His mind screamed. ‘
Tony reached up and pulled Steve down by the front of his warrior dress. Steve went willingly then immediately stiffened in surprise as Tony kissed him. Tony had used his other hand to grab the back of the blondes head and angled the blondes head so he could better slot their lips together.
“They want Tony back. We can use this!” She said with a devious smile.
to drag you down with me.”
“He begged for another chance at life but these things come with a hard price.” Loki stood at the end of his throne and gave Howard a hard glare. “One this mortal appears willing to pay.”
He had a hole. In his chest. Blood was dripping out of his mouth and he was barely breathing. Loki was so shocked by the sight that he froze. He couldn’t stop the instant panic that overcame him and struggled to think of what he could do, what magic he could use. And then he saw it.
Tony blew out a frustrated breath and groaned in dismay.  “But Ty, really?!”
“What’s that?”
“Wait!” Steve grabbed Tony’s arm in a loose hold. “It is dangerous in here Tony, we-”
“I always knew you weren’t that powerful, but WOW!” Amora’s bored look turned to anger as she turned to give him a better glare. “You, hehe, you can’t even get a frail mortal to do what you say?” Tony used his head to gesture at Steve. “That’s pathetic!”
“But you act like you are!” Bucky shot up and immediately regretted it from the head rush, but he stood his ground. “Steve I put
“You would have lied as you did to Tony!” Loki shot back.
the one that let Amora into your head. You let her manipulate you!”
“Yeah!” They all agreed triumphantly.
“Shut up”
Steve’s mouth quirked up and he let go with a shake of his head. “I wish you’d let us escort you.”
“Life’s not fair. I thought you would’ve learned that by now.” Amora taunted.
“It doesn’t matter.” Steve said in an emotionless voice.
In reference to Chapter 2 Faithful Pets: the Odin bros protect the best boy!
“...Do you have to leave today?”
At the entrance Howard and Tony stood waiting.
This embarrassment was too much for the King and he made to strike the Queen. The crowd gasped, Steve and Asterion moved to rush the stage but Tony had it handled. Tony had grabbed the Kings wrist and wrapped Minos’s arm up around the Kings back. Tony then grabbed his neck with his other arm, putting the King in a restraining hold.
“Why are you here?!” He seethed.
here.”
Loki scoffed but grabbed Tony’s arm and did some small healing magic on a scrap Tony had gotten sometime earlier. The god then released his arm and gestured towards the kitchen.
The others approached the two and Bucky threw his best friend an odd look. Meanwhile Sam came to his rescue.
“I won’t be like him. I won’t sacrifice someone just so I can get my happily ever after!” Tony argued.
Fenrir snarled at them and yanked on Sam who let out another scream of pain. Bucky and Steve had grabbed the man’s arms to try and prevent him from being dragged off.
Steve immediately looked back at the man with hope and went to open his mouth but Erskine held up a hand.
“Ok Fenrir, here’s the plan.” The brunette explained. “You go back home right now and next time I’m there I’ll give you your favorite treats!” Fenrir yipped happily at the plan, then with one last lick bounded away.
“Oh forget it!” Bucky cried then unsheathed his sword and ran into the fray.
Steve waited for Tony to peak up and gave him a quick peck. “Love you too.”
Rhodey perked up from outside Tony’s bedroom door and glared at the god. Loki gave the centaur a cool once over in response.
“Oh right! You don’t know!” Loki smiled.
“You’re the worst, and this is worth more than 1 year.” The mortal continued to complain, folding his arms across his chest.
2. It was hinted at in the earlier chapters but finally here is the full description. I made Loki’s jotun form like Hades red fire hair. He usually has his Asgardian look but when he gets angry his jotun form (blue skin, red eyes) bleeds through. His depictions in the mortal world are mostly of him in his jotun form.
“It’s fine Steve.” Tony tried to wave the apology off but the blonde grabbed his hand and held it along with the brunettes startled gaze.
“Right?! Maria always goes to the Temples, I’m sure Howard did too after they lost their son.”
The crowd then began to file out of the training room, leaving a blushing and flabbergasted Steve in their wake.
“....What did you guys do?” Sam asked incredulously.
I also wanted to give a special shout out to those that have repeatedly commented!
“That’s not hidden!” Loki harshly whispered as he dragged the boy out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“After I left, you closed the door and then?” The blonde’s tone was all business.
“Seriously?!” Clint snapped.
“Damn!” Bucky swore.
Maria was in her room sleeping. Rhodey in his, passed out. The Avengers were in their respective guest rooms as Thor and Loki had been doing one of their sex fights in the  Avenger’s place. Steve and Tony had just recently finished an intense make out session that had been interrupted by said Avengers stomping in and claiming their rooms.
The image suddenly changed and now it showed Howard and Anthony in the Throne Room of the Palace in Hel. Loki was also there sitting on his throne.
“Actually I’m glad you're here.” Tony confessed. Loki tilted his head so Tony continued. “I have news.”
“Great!” Steve beamed. “I have the date planned out. So you don’t have to worry about anything.” The blonde then grabbed Tony’s hand and pulled him towards the door. “Ready to head out?”
“I know.” Steve responded calmly.
“Athens is currently being threatened by Crete. King Minos of Crete is threatening to sick the Minotaur on Athens if they do not meet his demands. He has also threatened other city states with this same thing but none of them reported it, they simply gave in.” Phil rattled off.
Something the Avengers were pleasantly surprised to learn was that Tony could fight really well. It had been discovered on accident. The Avengers were escorting some merchants and instead of taking their chariot or horses, they traveled on foot with the merchants. The group was beset by bandits who got more than they bargained for when it turned out The Avengers were hidden in the merchant group.
Steve bit his lip and looked out at the water wistfully. “I once wanted a life off of the sea. A house right on the coast line.” Steve seemed to be in his own fantasy and Tony couldn't seem to look away from his face. Which meant he didn’t notice the way the blonde was twirling the two rings on his one finger. “But now, when I look at it. I just feel...useless.”
Steve sputtered incredulously and laughed “The Master of Seduction?! Are you kidding me?!”
“What?”  Tony whipped his head over and his eyes widened upon seeing Steve and everyone. “Wh-what are you doing here?!”
“Let’s review.” Sam said. “We now know how Loki owned Tony. We also know we owe a certain Stark a visit. And we know that Tony’s been with Loki ever since he was a child.”
Thor gave Steve a confused glance then turned back to Tony with his eyebrows furrowed. Tony groaned and dragged a hand down his face.
“Bucky are you ok?” Bruce asked crouching down to where Bucky’s head was. “Did you hit your head?”
“So how is this done?” Jarvis asked, gesturing to Tony. “How do you return him to his body?”
“…You don’t want to marry me.”
“Hi Mama!” Tony sobbed and Maria broke down again.
“I’m sorry, I should have noticed you weren’t comfortable and-”
However Steve never enjoyed relying on anyone and so as soon as he found the opportunity to work he jumped on it. The opportunity came in the form of Howard Stark. Almost a year after the war was officially declared over Howard and Maria Stark came and settled in Steve’s still rebuilding city. Howard had spared no expense in helping raise their city state back up .
“I can’t believe my eyes!” Howard laughed as he looked Steve over. “Is this my little assistant?!”
“We should talk to the Queen. A mother should know what happens to her son!” Tony seethed but Steve just gently touched his shoulder.
Bucky gave a small smile then laid down to sleep.
“They beseeched you Loki! Stop this madness!” Thor grabbed Loki’s arm and flung it away.
Everyone was about to turn to the Mist for an answer when a loud shout stopped them.
Suddenly the group could hear the sound of quickly approaching feet. Immediately everyone stood up and turned towards the doorway. Then they all gaped at the sight of Steve holding Tony over his shoulder.
“One town, a million troubles.” Clint responded with a smile, then turned to the group and flung out his arms. “The one and only New Thebes!”
“No hatred, no cursing, no vexing, no frustration, no
Steve gaped again and it took a few tries before actual words came out of his mouth. “All of us?! You! You think?!” Steve looked like his world was rocked and Tony was getting frustrated at the overacting.
“Thor won’t-” Phil tried again but Loki cut him off.
It was their weekly meet up but Tony and Pepper were caught up in work and couldn’t make it for the second week in a row. They were out of the country and hadn’t seen anyone for those two weeks but kept in contact via phones and the Internet.  Rhodey was also out of town for work and Bruce was out with Betty. They all still met at Tony’s mansion (where all the weekly hang out had occurred) and played games but Steve couldn’t get into the swing of things. Then during drinks it hit him. He missed Tony. He missed Tony like he couldn’t stop holding his breath and waiting at the edge of his seat for the brunette to appear in front of him again. And in a brilliant moment of realization he blurted it out.
After the Avengers all separated Tony and Steve had traveled in absolute silence. Tony had snuck glances at the tiny blonde occasionally but Steve’s eyes were dead set on the path ahead of them. Now the two could see Thor’s temple just up the road, and Tony decided he couldn’t keep quiet anymore.
“And you believed them?”
The Avengers were called away from New Thebes City because some man-eating horses had invaded a neighboring town. With Thor’s help they had quickly dispatched the horses but not before Bucky got kicked in the head by one.
He had worked so hard, he had researched every chance he could. He tried as hard as he could to give Tony his freedom. Then the Avengers had to ruin it! They turned Thor from him and then made a fool of Tony. And yet Loki had still managed to give Tony his freedom. Only for Amora to then ruin everything!
The first day Howard spent lavishing himself in his family's love. The second day, Howard was agonizing over what to do. He locked himself in his bedroom and pulled open the magic map, he calculated that the closest entrance to the underworld was only a few hours walk away from his city. He struggled all day debating if he should just accept his death, if he could even do what was required for him to live. He went from writing massive amounts of notes regarding what could be created for someone else to find and then enact. To sitting in silence and contemplating if anyone would be able to create the products he outlined. The catapult additions he had already created helped turn the tide of the war a great deal and he had another large idea that should set them up for victory but Howard couldn’t think of anyone who would be capable of building it except for him. After dinner Howard watched Maria and Tony as they prepared some bread for tomorrow’s meal together, and wept. Maria then ushered Tony away and went to talk with Howard but he waved her off and went for a walk.
“Really? That’s what your focusing on right now?” Sam asked incredulously.
“Let’s take a break. Rest for a bit then regroup.” Natasha suggested, coming up on Bucky’s other side.
“My plan?” Amora asked annoyed.
“Fine! I’ll leave you all to keep playing the valiant heroes.” He announced then transported himself so he was now next to Tony. Everyone immediately tensed up and Steve even moved to shoot forward. “But Tony here gets to come back to Hel with me.” Loki grabbed Tony’s chin. Steve growled and did move closer to them.
“I don’t understand…” Steve gasped but Peggy shook her head at him as she walked up to the group.
Said man just squared his shoulders and jutted out his chin. “He loves me too.”
Tony gave a half-hearted shrug and replied carelessly “I gave it my best shot.”
It was the first time Steve had actually spoken to him. Outside when Steve had screamed his name in terror when he thought Fenrir was going to eat him. But Tony didn’t count that. Now Steve had looked him dead in the eyes and spoke.
One day Steve had walked into Tony’s house to find Tony had just activated a rune stone.
“I disagree, this job would be you helping guide the restless souls to the section of Hel they need to be. That is protecting. Protecting their eternal souls.”
But his actions belittled his words. Loki’s eyes were roaming Tony’s person, the same way he did when Tony would come back to the Palace after leaving for whatever reason. He was checking for injuries, noting any scraps. Tony popped out one of his hips, folded his arms, and gave the god a look filled with amusement.
“Afternoon everyone.” Phil greeted as he and Betty walked into the dining room where all the Avengers and Tony were having lunch.
“A what?” Betty asked completely lost as to where that came from. And she was not alone, the other Avengers also looked confused; sans Steve who slapped his face in embarrassment.
“Lord Loki while all of this sounds very nice, and your benefits are more than fair. I have a job protecting Thebes City, and I simply cannot leave it.” A young black centaur stated stopping in Loki’s throne room after the tour Loki had just finished giving him.
“Tony baby.” The centaur interrupted tossing his head back. His long golden locks seemed to get caught in the breeze which made his hair flow behind him in beautiful cascades. However, the brunette man only folded his arms and gave the centaur an extremely unimpressed look.
“What?! He’ll see me for sure! It’s in the middle of the room!”
“No!”
“Now Loki!”
“You sold your soul to Loki?!” Clint yelled, glaring in the direction he could tell Tony was in.
“Tony…” Steve started but then stopped, somehow unable to find the right words.
“What do you mean?” Thor asked and Loki let out a cry of frustration.
“Tony!” Steve called, but Steve had spent a little too long in his own head as Tony was nearly at the altar. “Tony!” Steve called again, a little louder.
Loki then teleported himself into the Palace’s Library. He ran towards the ritual table in the center of the room. He then grabbed some chalk off of it, and quickly swept everything else on the table onto the floor. He hurried to write out the correct runes but fumbled once and thus had to erase his mistake and write the correct rune in its place.
He was wrong.
Tony shook his head then cocked it to the side and stared at the woman. A smile filled to the brim with amusement was on his face.
“Yeah he’s not the most popular god, and why have his statue in a garden? Wouldn’t you put goddess Frigga or Thor there?” Sam wondered.
“Great!” Clint groaned in dismay, “Thor you know how to avoid these traps right?”
these things to me.”
“Then can you go and check there? Thor can you go with him?” Steve asked and both men nodded in agreement.
Posting this early because I know this is going to be a really busy week.
Across Styx were two men. They were too far away to make out any detail other than one was small and skinny, while the other was tall and beefier. Also, they were very much alive.
Fenrir climbed off Tony and growled at the Avengers, going back into an aggressive stance. The Avengers likewise regripped their weapons.
Poor Bucky!
Fenrir took off in the direction the arrow went and Tony quickly got another one ready.
“I wasn’t talking about the heroes Tony.” Pepper said solemnly.
“Again?” He gasped and the blonde looked sheepish.
“That’s my guess, so he probably went to the Monster Bog like Bruce said.” Clint nodded and Natasha nodded with him.
Tony was currently trying to crouch down to the floor. His breathing was unsteady and coming out in short gasps, he was also shaking all over.
“Awesomeness!” A voice answered from the trees. Suddenly a short haired blonde man dropped down from a nearby tree. “Pure awesomeness.”
“What did he come to Hel for?”
2. Fenrir and Tony are adorable. And Fenrir turning into an excited puppy when he notices Tony is around is so adorable to me.
“Y-yes…?” Steve cleared his throat. “Yes?” He repeated more firmly.
“Maybe we have to beseech him?” Steve pondered again. Buckey shrugged and agreed.
“Do you know why he goes to the Monster Bog?” Bucky asked.
Loki looked at his Scepter again and decided to test the truth of these words. “I can grant you your life.” Howard beamed as he looked up at Loki’s stony face. “However, Hel has rules. A soul must take your place.”
“You can bring her back.”
“I assume you have questions.” Pepper said after they all got comfortable. “But let me explain a few things first.” She indicated her head towards Happy. “Happy saw you all go in the Mists of Knowledge. Lord Thor, I have no idea why you think it would be wise to have mortals walk willing in there. That was extremely dangerous.”
“I did listen.” Steve replied and Tony searched his face then gave a tiny smile and turned to leave.
Pepper bit her lip and Happy groaned as he scratched the back of his head.
“So he really is trying to become a True Hero?” A plan was already formulating in the gods head. “Fine. Let’s help him along.” He let out slowly, ice cradled in each word.
“You know I value our promise above all else!” The blonde screamed, “You should have told me about your true anger and suspicions regarding my friends.” Thor said in a quieter but no less serious tone.
Tony had taken a liking to her and for the past years she had become one of his best friends. He enjoyed her frankness and honesty that came with being a shade. Though Tony was sure even when alive she was this blunt and ruthless.
“Would you two get a room already?!” Tony shouted as he walked through one of the side doors.
“What’s going on?” Tony asked cautiously and slowly.
“I had to send a message to ask for help.” The ogre explained. “And well…”
Loki let out an irritated huff of breath. More often than not once restless shades see him and he gives them the “your dead” speech they (begrudgingly) accept it and move on. However there are the rare hard souls that push on and it seems this shade would follow that.
“I apologize for Loki’s anger.” Loki let out a huff and the temperature began to rise. “You interrupted a….rather private moment, and I believe he is still upset about that.”
Some time later. “Well I’ll be damned.” Bucky said upon seeing a boat appear in the distance.
Steve had grabbed her hand then, and Peggy had gripped his as hard as she could. “You have to live Steve.” She whispered and Steve only gave a cry at the unfairness of everything.
“And you are. He’s safe in his room and you are protecting him from any who may enter.”
They rejoined Bucky and Thor in the clearing and sat down with them. Thor offered to deliver letters and any other items Bucky and Steve wished delivered. Both boys immediately went off to write up some letters and pack some items. When they came back Bucky had a package of envelopes and Steve had a tied up bag that he carried reverently.
!...Then I figured it out….” Amora grit her teeth in anger. “And so I didn’t mind putting up with your abuse and bullshit. Because I felt bad for you!”
“Good cover.” Loki said, appearing behind the crouching brunette.
Meanwhile the crowd which had been completely quiet broke into uproarious cheers and rushed the heroes and the god. They hoisted them up and shouted praises at them.
“Did you think I was named The Falcon because I like birds? “ He quipped, making his wings spread out behind him in show. Thor, who had known of Sam’s wings, laughed at his friends confused faces.
Bruce had charged at the wolf to try and attack it but Fenrir instead released Sam, then made to take a chomp out of him. Bruce yelped and jumped back. Luckily a dagger was thrown at the wolf causing it to flinch and retreat back from the group. Unluckily, the dagger had hit the wolf with the hilt and not the point.
, and
Loki’s eyebrow twitched but then he noticed that Steve hadn’t looked away from Tony, and he decided to play on the obvious weakness.
Painful did not even begin to describe it. He’d broken bones before, he’d had bruises, and bleed heavily before, but nothing had
Steve’s hand, which had been on his shoulder, wrapped around Tony’s back as Tony opened his mouth and their tongues clashed. Tony’s hand that was trapped between their bodies moved to wrap around Steve’s neck, so they could be even closer.
The rest now came up to her and created a circle around the woman while she continued to cling to Clint. She looked each of them in the eye and begged for their help. However she never answered what she needed help with, she just kept begging for assistance.
“What do you want?!” Loki snapped.
And Loki’s eyes narrowed in annoyance at Tony’s apparent lack of care for the situation.
“How clear is pretty clear? “
“Lord Loki, my intended has...has just passed into this realm...as a shade.” Steve steeled himself and set his eyes in determination. “I’ve come to ask that you please release her soul back to the land of the living.” Loki looked less than impressed, leaning his head on one hand. “Please! I will do anything!”
As soon as he walked past the doors, away from Loki’s sight, Tony bit his lip and glanced back at the door. Silently hoping he didn’t make a mistake by covering for Steve and his friends.
“You’re going.” Loki deadpanned.
-------
Steve didn’t end up going back home that night. In fact that night, Tony suggested they sleep outside under the stars. So Steve had pulled out a couch and Tony some blankets, and that night they cuddled together and fell asleep while gazing at the heavens. Tony had fallen asleep first and Steve took a moment to just look at the sleeping brunette on his chest and smiled.
“I will not let Loki dwell in these thoughts. This madness must stop and we will stop it. Here and now!” Thor declared.
“Uuhh..” Steve trailed off intelligently still blushing.
Tony and Steve’s relationship had been great. They were in love and never let any of their friends forget it. Many movie nights were spent making gagging noises at the two of them as they cuddled, kissed, and bickered. Their bickering was like foreplay and everyone knew it.
“Yeah?” Tony whispered looking into Steve’s blue eyes. “I did to.” He admitted then looked down at the flower in his hands.
The Hydra was a giant serpent that had two clawed feet. It was bright red in color and had spikes running from the top of its head to the base of its body. Once emerging from the shadows the monster roared and the surrounding crowd broke into a panic.
“Don’t sweat it man, I’ve trained newbies before. I’ll take it slow.” Sam joined in, earning laughter from everyone sans Bucky, who glared harshly at him.
“But they did talk about how they were trying to be True Heros?”
“Tony,” Natasha started. “We aren’t sleeping with Thor.” She then pointed at Bucky with her thumb. “Bucky is sleeping with Sam.”
He thought with vengeance.
“...Are we going to ask for Lord Loki’s help?” Tony asked hesitantly.
“Next time Steve has to sit out.” Bucky added as he shoved his blonde friend “What were you thinking running out there alone?”
“And as I’ve said you need to file an official report.” One of the three guards bit out, clearly annoyed at the situation.
!” He cried out, pacing around the room.
Clint picked up Natasha and they all walked over to the two’s makeshift camp. He then placed Natasha on her bedroll and sat with the three heros. Steve then began to clean a few scrapes he had received during the duel. Sam, Bucky, and Clint meanwhile began to talk shop about weapons and fighting techniques. A bit of time later Natasha woke up and joined the boys as they all began a friendly comradery.
have told you.”
“The worlds mightiest heroes!” A voice boomed. “Heroes the Greecian world has never seen the likes of!” The voice boomed again.
The two had a small glaring contest which was interrupted by Clint letting out a long and loud frustrated groan.
Steve nodded and Erskine pulled a vial out from his chiton. Even though the bottle was held perfectly still, the contents appeared to be in constant motion. The water looked like waves constantly trying to crash upon a beach. It was also a pure blue, lighter than any water Steve or Bucky had seen before.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re better at manipulation then you give yourself credit for.” Loki complimented and Tony shrunk inwards.
3. The motto thing seems messed up but I feel like it’s more of Howard constantly reminding himself he made the right choice, rather than just coining what he did and running with it. He’s continually telling himself he was right and did the right thing.
Sam directed him to a park bench where he helped get Steve’s breathing under control. Then Sam helped unravel the feeling.
“Why not?!” Tony fired back. “You’re the Avengers! They’d believe you!”
At the Avengers confused faces Pepper seemed to come to a realization. “You didn’t know.” She shook herself, “I’ll elaborate. The Mists of Knowledge ensnares everyone. Tempts them in with knowledge of everything. It shows you whatever you want or ask to see. But while in the Mist, it will steal your energy. For shades this means the final death. For it will pull all the shades energy till they are nothing and no more. For the living,” She gestures to the Avengers. “It pulls your energy until you die.”
“Steve and I will walk the city, talk with guards, and see if anyone’s seen him.” Bucky said while gripping the blonde’s shoulder.
Thor shook his head in the negative. “That won’t work.” The god then moved to walk out of the temple, Steve and Tony following after him. “I may not have been able to play with Jörmungandr often but I know he is clever. He will just hide away in the city. Waiting till I am gone then he will strike.”
Bucky almost let out the gasp that automatically arose from who he saw. However he swallowed it back and boggled at the sight of Loki, god of the Dead and Mischief.
“It wasn’t that-” Tony tried again, but Steve powered on.
“Sounds like you had fun!” Betty smiled as she cuddled further into Bruce’s side.
“What if you could do something?” Howard asked again, this time looking directly at Steve.  “What would you do for Peggy?”
Tony watched the reunion with a genuine smile. Then he heard movement next to him and turned to spot Steve coming to a stop about an arms length away from him. Steve also smiled at the reunion then turned and gave Tony a boyish grin.
Tony blinked, tears springing to his eyes as he was brought back to the present. He made to get up but Jarvis advised against it.
“Thor was right. This is the perfect place to help get you recognized as a True Hero.” Sam said to Steve as he finished his drink.
It had started when Thor had asked for the Casket of the Jotunns. When Thor explained he was getting it on Loki’s behalf. Odin had vehemently denied the request and then fell into the familiar rant about Loki. Thor had tried to tune Odin’s “let’s list all the ways I think Loki’s failed” rant out, as he wanted to quickly get the Casket so he could find out about Tony.
Fenrir ran into the Palace of Hel and ran right by Loki. Heading straight to where his treats were in the kitchen of the Palace.
With that she walked with a sway in her hips back into the throne room. Once there, she grabbed Loki and manhandled him out of the throne room, into one of the side doors.
After Steve had left, Tony walked back into the skylight room to clean up. On his way there he stopped in his little garden area, the one with the statue of Loki. Or at least, it use to have just a statue of Loki. Now there was a statue of Loki and the actual Loki in his garden.
Phil nodded and then held out a hand for Betty. Betty turned back to Bruce and gave him a long look. She then grabbed the front of his warrior dress and yanked him close.
“I never know what to say to him in private. I feel awkward.” Steve defended weakly. “And I didn’t know they were dates! He never said the word “date”.”
“And you think monsters care about our purpose here?” Natasha pressed and Tony scoffed at her.
The crowd parted so Tony and Steve could run to meet each other. Steve held out his arm and Tony immediately latched onto it and seemed to lean his weight on it for a moment as he breathed out “Thank goodness.”
Betty then brought out more drinks and the conversation moved over to what everyone would prefer. Sam, meanwhile went over to Bucky and gave him a one armed hug which Bucky begrudgingly accepted.
“Makes sense.” Happy said, then let out a happy sigh of relief. “I’m just glad Pepper came and got you to not go in again.”
“Missing!” Steve broke in.
Steve didn’t bat an eye but instead took another step forward. “I meant what I said.”
Thor had gone to Asgard and Bucky had gone back to the Avengers mansion to get the Magic Map.
The box looked pretty ordinary, no special carvings or marking, just a lock keeping the contents secure. However, Howard seemed to hover over it anxiously. Once unlocked, Howard carefully pulled out a well preserved scroll. Bucky glanced in the box to see if anything else was inside but found it empty
“Steve,” Betty chimed in, placing her hand on the blonde’s arm. “You have to put your best foot forward. It doesn’t have to be stories of your heroism or a list of all the things you can do. You just have to be the best you.” She smiled encouragingly. “Bruce didn’t lead in telling me his family had a curse, nor did I lead in with the fact that my Father is supremely overprotective.” Bruce winced but nodded. “You guys are just starting out. So just be your best self and you’ll be fine.” Steve smiled appreciatively at her.
“It’s coming towards us.”
He thought wearily as he watched his two friends.
Tony looked awed and turned to Steve who just rubbed the back of his head sheepishly.
“But then Loki went on that tangent about Thor just mentioning his past dead lover in a conversation. They’re definitely not a threat but Loki still got angry over it.” Amora glared harder.
“And all of it was for nothing!" She sneered. "I am still going to kill them! You didn’t do anything but delay it!”
“Your rescuers.” Clint responded with a smile and small bow. “Your welcome by the way.”
If you have questions or wanna chat then feel free to hit up my tumblr
“Soooo things are still tense in here.” Tony called as he walked into the Throne Room, covered in thick furs so as to keep the cold out. “Good, that’s good.” He muttered sarcastically.
Once Howard touched his shoulder Steve’s head snapped up. He blinked a few times then cleared his throat, “Sorry Howard,” He apologized in a rough voice. “What, uh, what were you saying?”
The Avengers looked and felt completely lost at the sight before them.
“Grab him.” She commanded.
“Well, he said he didn’t sell his soul.” Bucky said into the following silence.
Anyway, I also may need some help with my thorki prequel. I'm still writing it but I may need a test reader to make sure it makes sense. Not looking for volunteers yet but putting it out there that I may be in the future.
Tony had to remind himself Steve, and all the Avengers, were all glory hoarding heros. At the end of the day, everything they did was to get themselves more fame, glory, and love. They were selfish, self-serving heros, just like all the ones Tony had seen in Hel.
“Amora is not in my head! No one can manipulate me!” He seethed then whipped back around towards his target stalagmite.
“So Loki must have sent him to us to get information on us but then he got attached. He was then forced to give up the information.” Natasha summarized.
“Don’t change the subject.” Steve barked then plopped Tony down in front of him.
“If Loki sent Fenrir then as soon as Fenrir returns he’s going to send Jörmungandr. His other favorite pet.”  Tony explained, keeping his tone and posture all business. “Unlike Fenrir, Jörmungandr doesn’t listen to me. He only listens to Loki.”
Steve grabbed both Tony’s hands and pulled him towards the entrance. Tony resisted for a second but Rhodey gave him a light push and an encouraging gesture. Tony then took a deep breath to steal his nerves and let Steve pull him up to the entrance. Steve gave Tony’s hands a squeeze and stopped them at the temple door.
The two mortals let out a shiver and Thor gave his lover a disapproving look.
“Yeah I am.” Steve answered with a smile. “That was unexpected...but it was great to see her.”
“How? Tony can’t return to the land of the living.”
“I have some water I took with me from Asgard. Tomorrow I will give it to you to drink. This should alter your physical appearance. I will ask Thor to stay and help oversee the process.”
“I don’t understand.” Thor muttered. “Why are we seeing this?”
Tony still enjoyed the company of some shades (Jarvis in particular) and kept up his lessons with the shades who had been teaching him in earnest all these years. But he no longer roamed the Field of Content Souls.
Everyone else sagged in relief. Rhodey ran a hand down through his hair.
’ Bucky thought as he shook his head.
Thank you ALL again for your comments and kudos! It makes me happy knowing people are enjoying my fic :D
Everyone took a moment to take a breath and rejuvenate, as they all privately celebrated just being alive. Tony glanced over to Steve and caught the blonde looking at him as well. Steve gave a small smile and Tony returned it with a small smile of his own. Both felt a flutter in their chests.
“Sorry, we don’t have to.” But he was cut off as Tony pushed down harder on his lap.
“Not a date.” Steve added from across the room then turned back to the two he had cornered, Natasha and Bucky. “So we agree you’ll apologize?”
“I have a list!” Tony exclaimed in excitement then took off towards his room.
“King Minos you lied to us!” Steve declared. “And you lied to your people! The lies stop here!”
Tony let out a surprised scream and Steve rushed to him.
Bucky thanked the guard then pulled Steve back into the city. They had questioned the guards that worked the city gate near Tony’s house, hoping they had some information on Tony’s whereabouts but it was a dead end.
Steve blushed a bit then motioned for Tony to lead on. Finally they made it to the front of Tony’s home, at which point Steve just stopped and gawked at the place.
Then Tony quickly closed himself off again. Going so far as to turn away from Steve and hurry towards the front of the temple, where the altar was.
“Plus he doesn’t really live in the city.” Steve amended and quickly held up his hand to stop the onslaught of remarks and possible questions. “He lives on the outskirts of it.” Steve made a gesture off into the distance. “His place is up on one of those tall cliffs hidden behind the tree line. Looking at it from most angles you can’t even see a house up there.”
“Relax darling.” Amora purred.
The scene then ended and everyone was shocked into silence. Thor had been looking over all his friends when he noticed how far they had gone away from the yellow path. They must have walked further into the fog without even noticing. So he grabbed each of his friends and gently nudged them back towards the path.
“I shouldn’t have left him alone! Everyone knew we would be at that event! And we’ve been dating publicly for months now! He was a prime target and I left him alone and unprotected!”
Everyone jolted in surprise as suddenly a small boy of about 8 years old, materialised next to Howard.
Steve took a few deep breaths and held up a hand to make sure Bucky knew he just needed a minute. Finally he spoke, still keeping his head down, eyes locked downwards.
“Loki!” He shook the statue a bit but still it did not move or give any sign of being anything but artwork.
The scene began again with the boy running through his father.
, your kudos / comments / bookmarks / likes / reblogs made me feel SO happy! So, again, THANK YOU!
The red-head only shrugged and smirked. “If he listens to yours as well then that’s a bonus. But mine is critical.” Bucky and Sam glared at her but she only smirked harder.
him to come with me.”
“Your right.” Howard drew back and his eyes seemed lost, “Instead he’ll offer you a deal. But he is a cruel god...one that demands a high price for anything and everything.” The older man spoke slowly and seemed to be lost in a memory.
“What else are you going to do? Send more young and inexperienced creatures after them? Steve’s hitting every curve you throw at him.” Tony gestured to the Avengers below and Loki seethed in anger.
“Well,” Happy hedged awkwardly. “If I see them...I’ll send them over to you.” He tried.
Steve beamed at him, “We’ll need to talk about everything.”
Loki panted in frustration then straightened his shoulders and turned to Tony.
“Clint, Natasha, Bruce you three need to get to where Jörmungandr is.” Betty made a panicked and pained sound and Steve grimaced “You’re going to be the front line. Distract the snake. Get him away from the civilians.” The blonde then turned to Bucky and Sam. “Bucky, Sam you two will be the next line. Back up and stay in the dark unless the other 3 need your help, then intervene to help alleviate them.” The two men nodded.
Bucky barked a laugh “Steve is a terrible dancer.”
He knew Jörmungandr would be able to take care of the Avengers. Nothing the humans could do would be able to harm his precious snake. And Thor and the other gods would no doubt be caught up in the Casket debacle. So he knew Jörmungandr would succeed, he just needed to be patient.
Thor glanced at everyone then gave Tony an easy smile. “They are my friends. I simply enjoy spending time with them. It has been quite some time since I’ve met such enjoyable mortals. So I wish to spend as much time as I can with them, as your time is fleeting.” He explained casually, as if this news wasn’t earth shattering.
The next day the boys packed provisions and took off towards the closest entrance to Hel.
“So you really like Tony, huh?”
“But, then why?” Tony gestured to the Avengers.
Tony let his eyes dart around as he thought everything over. ‘
Meanwhile Steve dodged and pivoted till the down shield was directly behind the woman. He then pulled his arms back to himself and his shield magically rushed over to him.
“Notice we made all the doorways tall enough and wide enough for you?”
“...This place has all of us on edge.” Sam offered to the silence, as he, Clint and Tony watched the other 3 do their silent eye conversation.
“So you don’t know where he is?” Bucky asked with a critical eye.
“Only if you’re feeling up to it.” Steve sat up and moved to help Bucky but the man shooed his friend away.
“I don’t want to hurt you.” He finally breathed, quiet and honest.
“Only for people like you!” Tony shot back as he pulled his arm free.
“You didn’t.” Thor said at the same time Loki said “Well you did.” The two gods shared a glare then Thor turned to the mortals.
“Ok,” Tony drawled dubiously, “And how do you expect to get that? People don’t blurt out their weaknesses.”
“My Lord Loki.” A voice called, pulling Loki out of his brief fantasy. Upon opening his eyes he examined the small underworld minion. “We require your assistance with a rather...restless soul.”
“Seriously?!” Tony shouted in exasperation as he took stock of all the damage to the room. “Would you two just go into Loki’s room and jump to the next step?! Do you have to do this part of the foreplay everytime?!”
“Look where you’re going, numb-skull!” The chariot driver yelled.
They all lapsed into silence again as they continued their walk. As they walked, each Avengers would try to sneak glances at Steve to see how the blonde was doing and give small signs to the others to report. Steve meanwhile kept his eyes fixed firmly ahead.
“Oh no…” Bucky breathed looking at Steve who appeared shell-shocked. Both of them knew exactly where this was heading.
“I beg your pardon?” Loki asked.
10 years had passed since Howard sold Tony to Loki. The fact that Tony has lived in Hel longer than he did in the land of the living was still jarring for the human to process.  It would be nice to say he didn’t notice the time go by, but that would be a lie. Although the first year was a bit of a blur.
3. And yes Tony’s arc reactor in this AU is his scar from Amora killing him. It doesn’t glow but he's scared on both his front and back.
Betty and Bruce then set all the food on the table right as Clint sleepily made his way over to the table. Everyone then ate in silence till Bucky broke it.
Thor gave a grin and sat Loki down on his desk. “We will get there eventually.” He then tugged on Loki’s smallclothes. “First I will have you, and you me, on all the surfaces we have been deprived of for the past 8 and a half years.”
“Blueberry,” Tony smiled. “You know this is not my first time sneaking out.” He folded his arms. “And can you please, finally, talk to Thor? Not fight but talk?”
Steve offered a hand to help the brunette down but Rhodey turned and trotted away with Tony still on his back. All the Avengers glanced from Steve’s outstretched hand to the back of the centaur, wide eyed.
“Loki this madness ends here!” Thor declared.
“Why?! For you to ignore it as you ignored everything!” Loki yelled back as he dodged the bolt. “As you always have!”
“What about ‘The Shields’?” Isn’t that what the local scrolls have been calling us?” Bucky said and Steve smiled in approval as he rolled his shoulders to feel his own shield on his back.
“Steve fetch me the letter from Dugan.” Howard ordered as he scanned through the other letters on the desk.
Tony averted his eyes and tried to shake his head “You don’t understand…” Steve cupped both sides of his face.
“Yes!” Tony threw out his arms as if he was stating the obvious.
“I’m glad.” Thor said gently as he ran his fingers through Loki’s disheveled hair a few times. He then chuckled as he ran into a snag. “Your hair is like Bucky’s.” Loki stiffened immediately but Thor didn’t seem to notice. “It’s all matted and tangled.”
“No.” Loki said bluntly and Tony’s heart sank at the sight of blue overtaking Loki’s body. “I have been targeting Steve because he was the catalyst, the start of this. But all of them have turned Thor from me. All of them should pay!” Red eyes glared at the direction of the city. “And so I need all their weaknesses.” Tony went to speak but Loki turned his glare over to him, effectively shutting the brunette up. “A year will be more than enough time for you to learn or pry their weaknesses from them.”
“I want to see you.” Steve answered as he placed his hands on Tony’s hips again.
A beat of silence and Steve shook his head. “No. No I’d lose him. I….I’m just having cold feet.” A big inhale and another shake of his blonde hair. “I’ll be fine.”
“His mouth.”
Clint looked to the woman who was staring Steve down. Finally she seemed to come to a conclusion and nodded in agreement. Clint then stepped back and let the woman get into position in front of Steve.
He didn’t have time to send word of his arrival to Loki, but he figured since it’d been so long since they last saw each other his lover wouldn’t mind.
“Do you think there’s a bell we have to ring or something?” Bucky asked as he looked around the room.
“No way!” Steve muttered grabbing his face. “No, no no!”
The person gave the 13 year old a strange look, and glanced around. “...good.” They answered cautiously then began to walk faster “Have a good day.”
“Yeah that’s the other part. See Bruce was cursed, and before you ask, no I don’t know by who or what, all I know is the guy is cursed. Anytime he gets angry he turns into the Hulk, but other than property damage he hasn’t hurt anybody. At least not too badly.” He shrugged.
“Steve I was pretty clear. I asked you to only carry my ring, and you don’t even have to do that.”
Tony was in trouble. He walked around his home and berated himself over and over.
Then another howl penetrated the air as the group readied themselves. Steve gripped his shield and was thankful that he had the sense to grab it before leaving the Arena. The blonde shook his head to stop that train of thought. He couldn't think about the Arena and what happened there and the person still there.
“Regardless, I just got a letter of resignation from the satyr Pan. Apparently he has followers who now think he’s dead and he wants to rectify that.” Loki waved the papers he was holding.
And so Frigga teleported herself and Thor back to the beach.
Loki scoffed and made to say something more but Tony cut him off.
5. Disclaimer: Listen I appreciate constructive criticism but please do not give it. I know you’re not saying it to be mean or hurtful or whatever but honestly I’ve got a full time job and an extremely busy life (hence why it’s taken so long to even write this) so no I haven’t proof-read everything seven hundred times over or wrote this as if it would be published into a novel. There’s gonna be errors and viewpoint changes and some other shit. Please don’t comment on it, I do not have the time to really care/change these things. So I appreciate where you’re coming from but please appreciate where I’m coming from and just read the fanfic I have written in my very sparse free time :)
“Oh is that right?!” Steve snapped, finally looking at Tony. His blue eyes were filled with anger, frustration, and pain. “This!” Steve pointed towards his head. “Is my
All three swiveled their heads towards the voice and found several crossbows aimed at them from various angles. Bandits had snuck up on them as they were arguing, they hadn’t covered the groups rear but all forward angles had people occupying them.  All the bandits had crossbows and they were all trained on the three. However, one man standing directly in front of them had his crossbow in a more relaxed position, he was the clear leader of the gang.
“I’ll give you a year if you leave now!” Loki yelled and a deafening silence fell upon them.
Loki took in a breath and steeled his patience. “It’s the centaur Tiberius Stone.”
Tony began laughing, harshly and cruelly. Amora stopped her tirade against the small blonde and held up a hand to halt him as she turned to give Tony a look over her shoulder. Tony continued to laugh till it tampered off into a chuckle.
“I told you, we’re reaching the bottom of the amphora here.” He walked over to the balcony and pointed down to the Avengers.  “No one wants to fight them! We’re at the point of either weak creatures or dipping into Hel’s employees and asking them to fight these guys.”
“Steve!” Natasha shouted as she helped Phil pull one of their horses over to the two men.
Loki rolled his eyes.
“Oh! Now I see why you didn’t return my calls.” Thor let the door close behind him then made his way over to his lover. “This is truly a
“I have to.” Howard sighed hanging his head, he then took a deep breath and looked at his worried wife. “Our very way of life hangs in the balance Maria. We need to win this war.”
“Betty?” Tony finished and Steve looked surprised as Tony scoffed. “Cap, Bruce isn’t harassing Betty. They’re dating.”
“So you will need your clothes, your books, your To Do list, and of course your tally counter.” Jarvis continued to list items off and Tony shook his head in fondness.
Loki finally emerged from the shadows, his long black skirt didn't leave an imprint on the dirt as he walked fully into the Arena. He did not have his blue skin and red eyes. Instead the god was bare chested, but draped in gold. He had gold necklaces of all sizes around his neck, gold wrapped around his horns, and gold rings on his fingers. His long silky black hair fell down his back and he appeared every inch the god that he was. Regality and power exuded off his form.
Immediately the group got into battle stances and the crowd behind them screamed in panic.
Phil Coulson helped organize their public relations and royalty deals. He and Betty were also the point of contact for vetting any Hero requests the Avengers received. If the request was urgent the team would be sent out right away. If it seemed less than urgent it would be placed on the request list in the appropriate order. The Avengers also looked through the Hero requests but Phil and Betty handled them more than the others.
The Avengers had begun mocking them for being the new disgusting couple. Steve and Tony didn’t help matters by draping themselves over each other and doing “obnoxious things” like feeding each other fruit or making out all the time. Sam still hasn’t forgiven them for walking in on them going at it on the bench press in the practice field. And he wasn’t the last Avenger to walk in on them once or twice. Thor had been the one to walk in on them the most. But the god always laughed it off and compared their coupling to his and Loki’s, what with how often and adventurous they were. He then said as god of Fertility he congratulated and celebrated their couplings.
“Ty got handsy and Steve jumped in with the usual wanna-be-hero schtick of “I’ll save you fair damsel”” Tony explained.
“How you doing Buck?” Sam asked as he looked the shaggy brunette over.
“Pepper is working with some artists to see if we can get a wedding topper of two grooms bickering.” The room laughed, then Tony grabbed his hand. “But if you want a traditional, and I use that lightly, wedding topper that’s fine. We can get the two grooms standing by each other.” A flick to multiple wedding cake toppers. “We’re gonna go cake testing closer to the date. I think marble would be best, but we can do white or chocolate or all three. Hell we’ll have enough guests, let’ do all three.”
“Tony.” He began, “You were never temporary to me. Loki...was misinformed.” He said politely. “I wasn’t trying to be a True Hero to bring Peggy back. I was trying to be a True Hero because it’s what I wanted to do.” Steve shook his head. “I may not be making sense. But Tony…” He looked back at the shade. “I love you. I want you to get your life back and actually live it. I’d love to be part of it, but if you don’t want that-”
“Loki-”
“AH!” Loki’s whole body jolted, then his skin began to turn blue and his eyes red. “NO! DAMNIT! NO! I WAS SO CLOSE!” He yelled anger clear in his words.
“Hero’s like Jean Grey aka The Phoenix Fighter? Or Giant Man aka Giant Asshole?”
A little over 2 years after he was sold, Tony was 10 and had started asking for things to do in his spare time. He was growing used the the sections of Hel he had seen and was growing restless. Rhodey had taken him with him when the centaur went to direct new shades; but that proved problematic. Many shades, after seeing a young alive human in Hel, stopped and tried talking to Tony. Asking him all types of questions and refusing to move. To get traffic moving again Tony had to leave.
Steve heaved a deep breath then held up his left hand. He hadn’t taken his ring off, only slid Peggy’s ring on top of it. They were simple bands, no fancy engravings, nothing to distinguish them from one another; but Steve knew. He knew which one was his and which had been Peggy’s. The only time he did take them off was for the transformation. He was beyond relieved when he found they still fit his finger, a snug fit but they fit nonetheless.
After shutting the door Happy went towards his captains chair as the Avengers all tried to get comfortable. The room was spacious but did not have a lot of other seating options. There were only a few other chairs, not enough for each Avenger to have one to themselves.
“Not to worry.” Coulson said, appearing in the doorway and causing Tony to jump and squawk in surprise. “You two will be going out incognito so as to not be swarmed by fans or harassed by anyone who may wish to do either of you harm.” The man further explained without missing a beat, or batting an eye at Tony’s reaction to his sudden appearance. “Follow me and I will take care of your disguises.”
Finally he stepped back and looked around the ground but still saw nothing. Squinting his eyes in determination Thor walked forward and lifted the statue into the air.
“That will keep him and Odin busy.” Loki explained, then a dark look came over his eyes. “I’m done hiding in the shadows.”
Whether Loki and Thor were doing as well as Steve and Tony, the Avengers couldn’t say. However, Tony and Rhodey shrugged it off saying “they’re just like that.” Some days they were like young lovers. Other times the Avengers would walk in on them in a massive fight, with ice and lightning wreaking havoc in their home. The Avengers usually would secure the area then spend those nights at Tony’s place.
“But I did not send you here” Loki charged on “To look into this matter. I sent you here to close it. Have you found their weaknesses?”
“That is not helping!”
“You’re right.” Steve said and that startled Tony.
It was rocky and more than a few bumps were run into along the way. But slowly, very slowly Steve’s side and Tony’s side converged again. Bruce and Betty got married during the Steve side, Tony side debacle so Steve’s side had to experience their wedding through pictures and the video. Then even more slowly the weekly meet ups began to take place.
“They don’t know that!” Amora urged. “We can demand something from them, for example” Her smile grew “their weaknesses?” Loki looked intrigued so Amora continued. “We tell them to give us their weaknesses, pretend to give Anthony over to them but then we yank the slave back to Hel.” She cupped her hands in front of herself in excitement. “Then we can use their weaknesses to finally,
“Punk what are you doing?” Bucky asked as they approached the ball of string Sam had previously dropped.
“WAIT FOR THE FERRY!” The voice was definitely coming from the human shape.
“I want that!” Tony jumped in. “And I can’t lie now,” He gestured to his shade body. “So you can believe me.”
“Where did you get an idea like that?!” Clint asked.
“You even stuffed the nooks in the windows, good.” He commented as he placed the box he brought with him on the table.
“I usually fly right to the Palace!” Thor defended with a shrug.
“HEY!”
“No, this didn’t happen last time.” He then looked off into the depths of Hel. “Plus Tony’s lived here this entire time.”
“And we’ll find him!” Bucky assures. “We’re heroes, this is what we do.”
Bucky shooed Bruce away from him and angrily pointed a finger back up the cliff side. “Come with me! You’ll see!” He began running back up the cliff, everyone following him though still looking confused. “Lord Loki was talking to Tony, about you Steve! They’re targeting you!” He yelled angry and determined.
“You don’t even know where I live.”
And so after they finished escorting the merchants and were heading back to New Thebes City Clint had pounced on Tony. Asking where he learned those fighting moves. Which had led to Clint explaining what he saw. Tony preened like a peacock at the attention and look of amazement in Steve’s and his friend’s eyes.
“The soul must be tied to yours.”
“Yeah, sure sure!” Tony agreed.
“I will do one better.” She rose and in a shimmer of magic her fancy and frivolous royal dress was replaced with her gleaming battle armor.
“Relax Steve, no one gets everything right on the first date.” Sam comforted.
Months later, Tony asked Steve if he wanted to move in before the wedding. Steve dodged the question. It was brought up again by Happy, who asked if Steve wanted to use his relator to sell his apartment. Steve took the number but never called.
Sam, Clint, and Natasha had been the closests. The woman had grabbed Clint’s arm then clung to the front of his warriors dress. She then turned her panicked gaze to the others and stared Sam and Natasha each in the eye.
Loki thought, imagining the crowd cheering for Steve and his mortals after they freed the poor innocent victims. Only for their cheers to turn to screams of horror as they then witnessed the 5 being torn apart by the deadly Hydra.
“And now?” Sam asked giving Steve’s shoulder a squeeze.
The play ended, with a heavily pregnant Frigga walking around the ice caps to try and soothe her aching ankles. Then she stumbled upon a massive glacier. The glacier then turned to reveal a deceased but frozen Farbauti clutching a frozen but in stasis tiny Jotunn baby, the god Loki.
