There was a sharpness to his voice that made her wary. She didn't take it personally. He was a pregnant omega whose alpha was lost. She looked over him; there were no so sign of injury. The super-soldier serum may not work as fast as Extremis, but it was stable and long-lasting. Her discomfort grew enough for her to move. She wandered into the kitchen. Pepper handed her a set of fresh clothes.
“It’s nice to meet you, Dr. Banner. Your work on the antielectron collisions is unparalleled. And I’m a huge fan of how you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster,” said Tony, shaking the fellow scientist’s hand.
“We’d wait however long it took for you to be comfortable. Or find a doctor you prefer,” said Edith.
While he cooked he kept glance at his phone. He wanted to hear the alpha's voice. Dogs 101 was on. Having something to take care of would be nice. Could he convince Tony into getting one?
Rumlow tossed Winter off him. He took off his mask, taking a breath. Even in that state, the bastard had put up one hell of a fight. Medical staff rushed into the room. They muzzled and restrained Winter before loading him into a stretcher.
“They’re surprisingly social creatures, each with their own personalities. I have to say I'll miss two of the specimens I was studying."
"With this ring, I, Steven Grant Rogers, take you Anthony Edward Stark, for my lawful husband to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, until death do us part. I will love and honor you all the days of my life."
“No." Those blue eyes pleaded for him to let him. “I know it's uncomfortable but it has to stay in."
Steve’s hands fisted suddenly, striking the wall. Shoulders slumping as he pulled his hand free from drywall, he slid to the floor. Scowling when tears leaked down his face. “I’m sorry. I don’t know why I said that.”
Tony sprung from the bed as Steve writhed. He tried comforting him through it the best he could. The episode passed. Nurses came in placing ice packs on Steve to help keep him cool.
She stepped onto the mat, still reticent. “Papa said I was too young to learn how to fight.” It felt strange to be allowed to do things now that she hadn’t been allowed to do before… especially since the one thing she wanted most, to go home, was the one thing she couldn’t do no matter what.
“Coffee first,” said Stark raising his hand. After a jolt of caffeine, he felt up to listening to Jarvis.
Rune came to see what all the fuss was about. Piper was hugging a pretty red-haired omega. But she didn’t smell right. Her was scent was a bit stronger than a beta’s. It was like Bruce’s in its strength. She smelled of juniper and pine. Piper said this woman was a super spy, but she didn’t really look like one. She wore a baggy gray t-shirt, faded jeans, and black sneakers.
“My alpha doesn’t enjoy the company of most omegas. It doesn’t matter if they’re in heat or not. You and Pep are some of the few it seems to like."
He wished Tony were here to check on him. There would be impossible to explain this without telling him the truth.
Steve changed into his running clothes and bundled Piper up before putting her into the jogging stroller. The pup loved moving. Car rides, strollers, being carried around anything that offered her further range of motion. He buckled her in. A few laps around Central Park would ease some of his anxiety. He went into a sprint. Piper giggled happily at the change in pace. No one bothered them. Most tourists respected his space, especially when he was with Piper. If he were running alone he'd pose with pictures with pups. Thankfully, he wasn't as recognizable as Tony. Once he finished his laps, it was time to go home. Piper whined when he slowed down. Steve stopped and moved in front of the stroller. He kissed her gently on the forehead.
Tony took off his helmet. Steve crashed their lips together. He pushed his tongue into Tony’s mouth. Steve pulled away before he could become too lost in the motion.
There was so much more behind that single word. Steve knew what he wanted but didn't have the strength to ask. This level of vulnerability was so much greater than anything he had dealt with before with him.
“Fell out,” he whispered. Steve clung to Tony. What if he hadn’t caught the cable? He may have survived, but not his pup. Steve pushed into the security of Tony's embrace. He only needed a little while longer.
Steve was slightly startled at being so abruptly woken but relaxed back into his hold. But swiftly straightened when he caught the scent of another alpha. Tony rose from place next to him,  taking a protective stance in front of the bed. The overprotective alpha state could get old quick, but Steve was willing to accept now. He was tired and injured.
Steve bent to Tony's level, whimpering as he met the alpha's glare. He bowed his head unable to tolerate Tony’s harsh gaze. Instinct urged him into a submissive nature. He closed his eyes, focusing on Tony's heartbeat. Slowly it began to calm. The alpha’s panic eased.
Fuck, he forgot about Bucky. Chester Phillips dangled the chance to allow Steve to face Zola but was denied that after Bucky's death. And was likely terrified of losing that chance again. But they didn't actually lose their baby. They could survive without this closure. The downfall of letting Steve go through this wasn't worth it.
He took out the case Hill had given him. Steve smiled looking over the items to make sure everything was there. He took the pillowcase from it. It carried the smells of home. He rubbed it against his cheek and purred. Steve settled, allowing Tony to wrap the blankets around them. It was dark when he woke up.
Steve smiled. They would be leaving later today. He couldn't wait to see his family. He groaned, his chest growing damp. The stains were too prominent to hide, luckily most of the camp was asleep. He heard laughter.
“Who could say no a home-cooked meal?” said Tony. It was more than he was expecting. Steve’s motives were clear. He wanted to be here. A cold November night, a warm home-cooked meal with a beautiful omega. It couldn’t get much better than that.
Had he adapted to pain? Even looking at him hurt. She winced when his cuts started oozing. He began rifling through the drawers. His actions were automatic, unthinking.
Tony left a massive tip. More than enough to cover their bill. He’d agreed to host the others in the tower for as long as needed. They each took a room in the private quarters. There was a set of bunk beds on either side of the room. Steve crawled into one, every instinct urging him to sleep.
"When have you ever cared about what I want?!" Piper screamed, then swiftly backed down after her outburst.
"It's impressive, her responding to your command like that. For her to accept it means she considers you equivalent of family. Of course, that's beyond your comprehension."
“No!” She couldn't be that vulnerable. Out of control, completely in the hands of someone, she didn't trust!?! If she didn't control it they would, Piper remembered what Winter had said. Lena didn't care about what she wanted. Lena wanted to take control.
Steve growled, getting up from his seat. He didn't want to hear about the war. He'd seen what those rockets could do. Steve pushed the thought from his head. That was the past. He wanted to focus on the present, getting his mate back. There was nothing he could do. He was trapped here. His mate was somewhere and there was nothing he could do to help.
Steve backed away from him. His eyes were puffy and red from crying. It was too late the damage was done. He jotted down Happy’s number on a piece of scrap paper.
Steve followed him to the lab. He was tempted to settle into the nesting couch but went to the lumpy sofa instead. He watched in silence as Tony worked.
He lifted her up. She placed her small hands on his cheeks and smiled. He placed a gentle kiss on her head. She cooed softly. He took her into the kitchen and placed her in the playpen. The aroma of coffee lured him to counter. He poured himself a large bowl of Mini-Wheats with blueberries and bananas.
Piper set up the pieces on the board, as she'd done many times before. So many times she'd played. Thinking back on it, she couldn't remember the exact moves she made, but she was sure she'd done it before. It felt real. More real than the idea of her being pinned against someone in battle, but facts proved the battle had happened.
The bath was quiet. He lifted her out of the tub, wrapping her up in the fluffiest towel he could find. Tony carried her to her bed, letting her pick her outfit. She came out in bumblebee pajamas.
Loki grew tired of the man before him. He stalked toward him. “And how will your friends have time for me when they are so busy fighting you?” He tapped his scepter to man’s chest. There was a harmless clink and nothing. He tried again. The same result. “This usually works."
Steve grew impatient around ten. He wasn’t thrilled about this. This wouldn't be easy for him either. And his curiosity was starting to chew away at him. Just a few minutes the alpha. He had to know what he missed.
“A week maybe more,” he said. Her scent was pleasant but it didn't have the same effect as Tony's did. “Bye."
“You got me.” Tony raised his hands in surrender. “Nice potato gun. The barrel is a little long between the and the long gage you’re going to admonish your distance."
Rune closed his eyes, but couldn’t figure out what direction they were coming from. But they were coming.
Rune watched Piper draw. So far, it was only long rectangles. Lena remained at her desk. Rune went to his own, studying the waxy colorful tubes neatly packed into the box. The blank page before him was almost frightening. He'd never been given that level of freedom.
“Gentlemen, you might want to step inside in a minute. It’s going to get a little hard to breathe,” said Natasha.
Steve’s anxiety lessened, but it was still there nagging at him, refusing to let him truly relax. The elevator dinged, and he stepped into the penthouse. Tony was waiting for him.
Steve led the way. The footing was unstable but they made their forward at steady. They avoided the tripwires and other traps set in place. The two took shelter on a rocky cliff. Below were different kinds of weaponry. All of them had Stark’s name plastered on them. There was a pile of bodies outside. Rumlow’s team lessened the numbers slightly. There were two guards outside of the entrance probably more inside.
Steve snarled. He grabbed the alpha’s biceps and flipped them over, straddling his waist. In one hand he caught the alpha’s wrists. He sunk onto the alpha’s length.
Winter couldn’t clearly place the woman's face. But her scent caused a muscle memory reaction, making him twitch and tense. His head remained bowed, doing his best not to challenge her. She was dangerous. The pup didn't need to know that kind of pain.
She rolled up her window and left. The building’s lobby was empty. He went to the elevator. Steve went elevator and hit the button for the penthouse. The elevator didn’t budge.
“He should be ninety-eight. Papa was stuck in a block of ice for seventy years. That's why he looks so young," said Piper.
"No one looks for a dead man, Steve. You'll be fine. There will be too much going for anyone to notice you," said Tony.
Steve tried ignoring the wonderful spark of the touch of their skin. It wasn’t something he was used to. The movie started playing. He tensed slightly when Tony started running his fingers through his hair, but swiftly relaxed. A soft rumbling sound caught his touched his ear.
He paced his cell, ignoring the prickling sensation it caused in his feet. It was six feet by eight feet. It was too big. For someone so small, she could really fill a space. He peered through the glass wall at the front of his cell; his surroundings gave away nothing.
Steve peeled off his scent blockers. Tony's eyes widened when the scent of pregnancy added to Steve’s natural scent. He was going to be a dad! It explained everything. How strangely Steve had been acting. Why didn’t he put it together sooner? It was so obvious now.
Steve believed Tony. The alpha didn’t have to tell him, yet he did. Tony handed him a piece of paper with an address and phone number on it.
"A break from the tragedy of what's being called the Incident. This comes with this image of Captain America, and Tony Stark caught in a passionate kiss," said Mika.
“99 degrees. How’s your cramping on a scale of one to ten? I want you to be completely honest with me. The macho act will only backfire,” said Edith.
She whimpered. He went to the couch and pulled up the footage from the master bedroom. Steve was unconscious. Piper reached out for the image and whined. Piper eventually calmed enough to sleep. He put her into the playpen.
She followed him into the adjoining room. There were ten dummies spread about. Bells were pinned to the manikins’ clothing. It would be impossible to touch one without ringing one of the bells. Pieces of jewelry decorated them.
He touched their foreheads together. Steve purred softly, some of the tension left his alpha. Tony leaned into him, pressing a gentle kiss on his lips.
There was something chemical to the omega's scent combining unpleasantly with his natural honey vanilla aroma. All that was thickly buried under the stench of distress. As he dug further into the omega's scent he caught a whiff of an alpha. It was barely enough to pick up on. The omega heart was hammering. He was scared. Yet outwardly he was almost perfectly calm. The taste of salt lingered in the air from the omega's tears. The man's clothes lacked the specific rustle of winter clothing. His footsteps were too soft they lacked the weight of a rubber sole. The warmth in the air surrounding the omega ran higher than most, but he couldn’t pick up on the scent of heat. He was unaffected by the cold. Matt caught the irony scent of blood but couldn’t pick up a fresh source from the omega. How did he get here? He hadn’t heard him come up from the stairs, elevator, or fire escape. The only reason he’d come up here was heard a thud. Had the omega jumped from another rooftop? That was maybe a twenty-foot gap. Every instinct told him to protect this man.
Tony handed her over. He closed his eyes resting them for a few minutes, trusting Bruce to take care of her.
He took Steve’s hand. A car was waiting for them. It was about the two-hour drive into Rio. Steve had no idea what Tony had planned. He was exhausted he might not have the active symptom of heat, but he was lethargic symptoms. He'd perfectly happy sitting by the pool or beach. While here he should take the chance to explore the country, but he was just so damn tired.
“Okay, soon enough, we'll own a mint green An Austin-Healey Sprite Mark I," said Daddy. He kissed her on the forehead.
Steve nodded. Tony wrapped a blanket around the omega’s shoulders. He settled next to his omega. Steve instantly coiled his large form wrapped around him, trying to get as much physical contact as possible. Tony purred, running his hand down Steve’s back. All he could do was wait.
She didn't know what to make of them. They smelled like Papa and Daddy, and looked the same as in her memory. She touched Daddy's hand; it felt real. Her touch made him cry. Piper never saw Daddy cry before. She didn’t mean to hurt him. They were
"If this were some kind of test or systems check, it would have been completed by now. If it were an incoming attacker, things would be more chaotic. So, I think they're getting this place ready for someone. Someone important. Likely more important than Lena."
Tony thrust into the omega without restraint, giving into his inner alpha. All he could hear were the pleasured sounds of his omega and the rapid beating of his heart. His knot was rapidly forming at the base of his cock. He wouldn’t last much longer. Suddenly Steve clenched tightly around him. He groaned lowly, pushing deeper. A powerful basic instinct urged him to push further.
She shook her head. Piper didn't want to fuel this freakish strength. Winter took a seat on the edge of the bed with her. He took her spoon.
A week later Steve woke at four in the morning to leave for the mission. His bag was already packed and ready to go. Tony and Piper were asleep. He glanced back at the bed. Piper was tucked securely in Tony's arms. He returned to bed and kissed them both.
Steve went to sit up front with Natasha. His hand moved instinctively toward his stomach.  Hours later they arrived at the helicarrier.
“Rune your with me,” said Maria. He reached up for her to pick him up. Rune was approaching the age where he was getting to big to be held, but she couldn’t resist.
"Thanks, Thor," said Steve. He grew uncomfortable at Thor’s focus on his stomach. Tony moved in front of him.
Tony yawned one round, and he was done. Steve took his hand, bringing him into bed. There was a plea for comfort apparent in his eyes. It had been there for some time and he was just taking notice now.
She never napped long, an hour at most, but it was needed. Missing that nap significantly increased the chances of a tantrum. Her first tantrum was a nightmare which left dents in the floor from where she'd struck her fists. Tony quietly closed the door behind him.
How long had he been running after her? Sweat wet his skin and he was panting. His hands fisted. “HOLD STILL!”
“There we go just breathe,” said Tony. He was relieved when those panicking breaths quieted and steadied. “Steve, do you want a blanket?"
He smirked down at the frozen heap of useless flesh. Stunned when he saw the slow rise and fall of Winter’s chest.
She rolled her eyes. Clint seemed to think she was some helpless little omega. She was more at ease in the current setting than stuck in an office at S.H.I.E.L.D. In danger, she was safe. The bell rang and the two alphas charged at each, locking into battle.
Winter clutched at his head, reeling backward. He crashed into the corner of the cell. His legs were tucked close to his chest. He was rocking back and forth.
“Because it has no importance in your education. Either you chose from the listed subject or we'll sit here for several hours. The choice is yours.”
"Tell me what's on your mind. I won't judge." She couldn't judge. Natasha had no experience with such a relationship. She used alphas. Yes, Steve was using Tony, but there was more to it.
Confronting an alpha for being an ass wasn't something he was afraid of. Flirtation was difficult. He couldn't play cute.
There were more rules, all of which she’d broken, but she managed to find some semblance of happiness within its constraints. The punishments were swift severe, patterning her with bruises. It would be a lot worse if she didn’t have Winter and Rune. On the worst days, they made her feel better. She tried doing the same for them.
The cell's furnishings were minimal. An open shower, sink, and toilet combination stood in one corner; a mattress, with bedding in perfect military corners, was pushed to the far side of the room untouched. A one-way window peered into the room containing the cell. Who was watching them?
“Yeah, you refused to let me leave your side,” said Tony. Finally, he could relax. His instincts had been haywire for the last twelve hours. Every whine or whimper called him back to Steve.
"She's hungry I better feed her." She nursed hungrily. He didn’t give in to the comforting sensation. This unconditional loving warmth she was giving him was undeserved.
“Captain Rogers has gone feral, so you must approach cautiously. They’re in the guest bedroom,” said Jarvis.
They met with the others to the designated area. Loki was in chains and muzzled. Steve watched as Banner transferred the cube into Thor’s possession. If he never saw the cube again it would be too soon. Thor nodded goodbye, before disappearing into a blue light. They said their goodbyes to each other.
Piper shook her head. "Most people don't teach how they did. You don't get hurt for getting something wrong or not paying attention. My brain just thought it would. I'm sorry for taking so long."
Tony helped Steve in a pair of shorts. The alpha helped him to his feet. He needed his mate's strength, he was scared. This was something entirely new to him, something that it failed once before. Tony helped him to his feet. He wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulder. They walked around the penthouse together. Tony stopped whenever Steve needed.
Piper nodded, going to the corner. Lena waved her hand and the wall separating them sunk into the floor. Piper’s eyes darted to the open door, ten feet away from her. She dug her toes into the ground, forcing herself not to run. Lena walked into the cell, approaching Theodore without hesitation. There was a soft clink as the collar fell away from Theodore's neck. After that Lena walked out. The wall slowly rose from the floor, sealing closed.
The sedatives and heavy metal bindings prevented whatever want or ability he had to search for her, forcing him into a reluctant calm.
Tony joined him on the bed. It was tight, but they both managed to fit on the small bed. The alpha wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist, keeping him close, and kissed behind his ear.
Steve drew closer. Tony was a man who enjoyed figuring out a problem, making sense of the seemingly impossible.
"I don't know you're reasoning nor do I care. I know you will take care of my baby. That's all that matters to me," said Steve.
Maya straightened up. The omega seemed to have broken out of his shock. In his hands was Tony’s helmet.
Rune sat on the playground swing, swaying back and forth. He’d been waiting for Piper for three hours. He smiled when he finally saw her, but it faded when he caught her scent. She climbed up the rock wall to one of the many fenced perches and he followed her.
Jarvis wasn't allowed to warn Tony of his visits. Recently they'd gotten into a fight when he discovered a bottle of scotch Tony had hidden there. The two hadn't talked for two days after that fight.  Steve glared at the steps to Tony's lab, but he cautiously made his way down. Christmas music was playing. He stood at the doorway. At the center of the room was his mate. Steve smiled as the alpha started dancing. Pieces of armor flew toward Tony, latching on him.
He’d probably get back before Tony. Steve went down to the garage. Some alphas whistled as he got on his bike, but he ignored it. He got home around one.
Lena entered the outer room. Today she was wearing a summer dress. It was white with red flowers. She took a seat in front of them. Piper instantly held Theodore’s hand.
The pup repeated it over and over again. He patted her head. She was herself again. It was good to see. But was it good for her to be this person? They'd want that blue light show again. There'd be no limit to what they'd do to get it.
When he heard Matt walk away he opened the door and grabbed the clothes. He slid on the pants before walking out.
Rhodes absorbed the scene before him. Tony in domestic bliss, he never thought it would happen. Even with Pepper, he hadn’t seen Tony like this. Rhodes knew his friend somehow to destroy it out of fear. Hopefully, Steve would be able to withstand it.
Tony grunted forcing his eyes open. His back and neck were stiff from sleeping on the floor. The tile proved less forgiving than the carpeted floor of their bedroom. Steve's head rested on his chest. He was hit by Steve's morning breathing. Tony moved Steve a pillow. He went into the bedroom and packed a bag for them. They shouldn't be a Howard's for more than a day. Two at most. He went to wake Steve. A grumpy tired growl was his first-morning greeting before Steve forced his eyes open.
Piper spent her morning exploring the many rooms of the mansion. She pushed open a large oak door to find a larger office. The bookshelves were crowded with nicknacks and black and white photos. She climbed up the shelf, taking down a photo. It was a picture of the Howling Commando. Granddad and Papa.
“We’ll see if we have to move up from there,” said Bruce. He gathered their learning material. Piper had him constantly adapting his lesson plans. He handed her a packet thick of questions. “Do what you can, then return it to me.”
Maria hung up. After the ‘Incident’, S.H.I.E.L.D. built a small facility in the city. It was open to the public, though it gave away very little about the organization’s actual purpose. But, it was enough to satisfy the average person and make them feel safe. S.H.I.E.L.D.'s offices underneath it was where the real things happened.
Steve tucked his phone into his pocket. Today was relatively calm. The pups played most of the day. He’d put a plastic sheet over Piper’s mattress while she was outside. Piper was ashamed. He tried reassuring her it was okay accidents happen. But she didn't get any comfort from it. She'd likely be up in a couple of hours due to an excess of energy. Despite her curiosity, she’d shown no interest in wanting to leave and see more of the outside world. Before, she’d always wanted to explore and hated being confined to the house. Boredom would cause her to act out if she couldn't find an outlet. She could only do some much within the mansion. It would take months, but she’d crave escape. He got into bed with Tony.
"Everyone has a favorite. I get it you see yourself in her. And you were able to save her when you couldn't save yourself," said Fury. Even he had soft spot for the Stark brats. Howard would have loved the girl.
Winter immediately sheathed it. He was unused to a fearful reaction in the dojo. This was normally an environment where she felt safe. He knew his pupil's many pained sounds due to the brutality of her training, but nothing that sounded anything like fear.
Steve left. Tony groaned. How the hell did he get Steve? Why did he deserve this after all the fucked up things he’d done? He got into the shower. The cold water gave him jolted and helped cleared his mind. He came out of the shower. Still, he wasn’t ready to confront Steve. Sleep, first.
He went to the nursery. The room had hardly been used. It custom for a pup to sleep with its parents until it was at least twelve months old. He looked at the crib he couldn't imagine sleeping without Piper. Waking up to her resting perfectly in his arms made his heart melt every time. She was so happy to see him every day. She had no idea what it meant to him.
"I'm glad the battle is over. Things won't be the same after this. Normal changes after an alien invasion," said Steve.
Steve nodded before running in that direction. He reached engine three. There it became apparent how much damage had been done to the ship.
The reached the explosion site. It was light with candles. Flowers, wreaths, and crossed decorated the scene. The black vaporized shadows of those caught in the explosion marked the cinder block walls.
He'd slept soundly through the night. Tony’s warm breath tickled his neck. Had the simple fact of knowing that an alpha he trusts was there for him to help him through the night been enough to hold back the memories of the past? It allowed him to sleep in an actual bed instead of the floor. How could his presence do so much for him? Steve fell back into the warm comfort of the bed. His eyes began to close. Only to be force open by the sound of his phone ringing. Tony grumbled behind him. Whatever time it was, it was too damn early for human communication! Despite this, he grabbed his phone, knowing whoever was calling was unlikely to leave him be. He didn’t bother checking the name.
Piper looked past them toward Rune. He was asleep on a bed not far from hers. Aunt Maria was looking over him. She was gazing at him so lovingly. Rune would be safe with her. Maybe even find a home with Aunt Pepper and Aunt Maria. That would be a good place to live. Even if Papa and Daddy didn’t want her here, they’d have to keep her. Staying with them was still better than where she’d been.
Steve changed into sweatpants and a baggy shirt. He took a few minutes to studied their bedroom. This would be the nesting room. Their scents were strongly ingrained in the bedroom and would help further bond the pup to them. The guest room down the hall would be where he had the baby. He didn’t want the stresses of labor to ruin the peacefulness and safety of their bedroom. The smell of food drew him near the kitchen. He took a seat at the counter, watching the alpha cook.
He gathered the child from the table. He paused at the door, still focused, as usual, on the mission.
Piper settled back into the car seat, gazing out of the tinted windows. It didn't seem like the usual route they took home. Her eyes grew heavy and she started nodding off.
Tony went to the shower. The hot water soothed his aching muscles. He closed his eyes. Shivering when he thought of Steve's pleas for him to come back. He turned off the water. Tony changed into fresh clothes. He kneeled by the bed, gently nudging the beauty awake. Steve whined, but his eyes slowly opened.
He slowly worked his finger into that slick tight slit. Steve pressed further on his fingers, taking him deeper. Tony took a second to enjoy mouth-watering sight beneath him. Steve's eyes hooded in lust and those soft pink lips were perfectly parted.
Fury walked entered one of the S.H.I.E.L.D’s high-security prison facilities. The guard at the entrance went stiff.
They needed a moment to center themselves before returning to Piper. They were in no condition to be near her. They leaned into each other.
"We'll find him before that," said Tony, hands fisting. He wasn't sure what he'd do to the man when they came face to face. He couldn't lose control. Alpha instinct demanded retribution. It didn't care that Smith was their only lead.
Rune smiled brightly. He knew that he wouldn't hear that often through the duration of their friendship.
Two weeks passed since Steve first unfrozen. He'd adjusted enough to allow him an hour of sleep every night. Heavy exercise routines usually took up most of his day. When he wasn’t working out, he was with either Clint or Natasha. The master spies swiftly became his friends. Their friendships did a great deal to help him adjust. They were broken in their own way like him. He was currently in the gym. The punching bag flung from its chain as an image of the war passed through his mind.
Fury was beyond pissed. Somehow a bomb managed to sneak through security measures and blow up a great bio lab, killing three of their scientists and maiming the survivor. What was more agitating, the geniuses under his payroll were struggling to recreate the device.
His gauntlet unlocked from his hand, yanking him out of the rubble. The water drained from his mask.
Winter could see the chaos within the pup. These were her parents. They'd come for her. That's where she belonged. She needed permission to be free of the promise she'd made to him. His own orders were to slow them down, not to prevent them from taking her. Protecting the asset meant doing what was best for her. What was best for her was to be with them. He came closer to her.
He glared at Fury. This was what he was afraid of. Weapons like this weren’t meant to be out in the world.
"I'm running my hands slowly down, easing them down your chest. Working my fingers gently into your muscles. They move lower and lower the ache disappearing with each touch." Tony shuttered as Steve's soft breath, hitched into a gasp.
A panicked yell forced her from her sleep. She had no idea what hour of the night it was. Theodore paced the room. His posture screamed aggression. Piper covered her mouth not wanting to whimper. She wrapped herself in the blanket, trying to avoid his attention.
Tony caught Steve hurrying over to a table trying to avoid being brought onto the dance floor. He backed out of the conversation he was part of and hurried over to his omega.
Winter sat in the corner of the room, watching the pup. If she needed help, she'd ask, though she hated it. If she got frustrated enough, she'd eventually speak up. He couldn't say he was particularly fond of asking for assistance, either. Their lesson had gone on too long, but the pup was too involved in her task to notice. Where was the doctor? Something was going on, but what. The woman prided herself punctuality. These the changes bothered him, but when Lena entered the room, Winter scowled.
She stiffened. It had been months since she heard the kind of tone mimicked that of her parents. It wasn’t angry. He was disappointed. But she couldn’t tell him about what.
Tony growled when Steve's hand closed around him. He moved atop the omega. Steve shifted underneath him. His arousal moved against the lace, thrusting against Steve's thigh. Tony rocked against the dampening fabric of Steve's lace briefs. Steve canted his hips against. Tony ripped away the fabric separating him from Steve, sliding into his mate. A tight wet heat surrounded him. His thrusts were deep in slow. Steve's legs were locked around his waist, taking him deeper.
Steve gently squeezed Tony’s hand. “We were. And we’ll have many more. I promise,” said Steve. He kissed Tony, reassuring him further.
He must be freaking out. She took a breath. As worried as she was about him, there was nothing she could currently do to get to him. She had to make do with what she had, and that was Rune.
“Mmm, which happens dads leave. There’s no reason to be a pussy about it. Here’s what I need a laptop, a digital watch, a cell phone, the nomadic actuator from your potato gun over there, a map of town, a big spring, and a tuna fish sandwich," said Tony.
Tony darted into their bedroom grabbing a pair of gym shorts. He helped him into them. Steve growled when the nurses came near.
Tony checked jet’s travel path on the monitors. It was locked on the massive base’s heat source. They were only minutes away. He put on his helmet.
She would have to see how they'd react to each other. Lena could postpone her visit home for a few days. Helmut would understand. And she was sure mind-blowing make up sex would mend any aggravation.
“Maybe,” he said. Despite the odds against her, he believed her capable of doing just that. He hoped he would be there to see it.
"I care that she's missing, but there are millions of missing children. She's more notable than most of them. But she isn't of the most urgency," said Fury.
“I’m not angry, dearest. Just - I haven’t seen you and Carl for so long.” Deep breath. “I’ve waited this long. I can wait longer.”
A blonde female alpha stood in the doorway. They were rare. Female alphas possessed all the strength of males but couldn’t produce or bare children. They always smelled terrific and had immense control over their alpha strength, which made them the ideal alpha to spend a heat with. The woman smelled of ginger and jasmine. She had mid-length blonde hair and blue eyes. She was dressed in pink scrubs. Her smile was warm and gentle.
He took the alpha's hand before he could get the idea of leaving. Steve slowly rested his head on Tony's chest. The touch of the alpha's skin against his was soothing. Tony's hand traveled through his hair.
The sheets tearing as Steve fiercely fisted them. Tony swung an arm around his waist to keep him from wildly bucking. The alpha’s free hand stroked the base of his cock. Steve arched off the mattress when he reached his climax.
"I have to examine your neck. This may be uncomfortable," said Bruce. The claim was healing at a normal human rate. Odd, given Steve's advanced healing factor. As soon as he touched the mark Steve snarled, flashing his teeth. Bruce backed off. He didn't take the omega's aggression personally.
Nausea woke Steve early the next morning.  He was pressed against the wall locked in. Steve crawled over Tony. His foot tangled in the sheets. He landed with an ungraceful thud.
Piper was unable to kill, pushing back against it every time. Lena had almost broken her carefully built mental foundations she created within Piper to their limits when she asked Piper to kill a rabbit. She was met by extreme hesitation when she just made the child injure the animal. And cried when she had to put the animal out of its misery since the girl was incapable of even performing a simple mercy killing.
Piper watched as Winter shook. Lena had some kind of control over him, and he was straining against it.
Pepper resisted the urge to roll her eyes. He never acted that way around her, but he was trying to move on. Maybe she should call the number the S.H.I.E.L.D beta gave her. It could be worth a try.
She smirked, already taking a liking to the doctor. “Maybe not of the same caliber, but of the same breed. But even I find this one challenging.”
The iPad shattered in Steve's grip. He’d given that woman a chance. He'd fucking cared what happened to her family.
"My mate isn't going to sleep on the couch when he has a perfectly nice bed. Tell me what's wrong so we can both sleep," said Tony
"Some of it. Tony, look at me." He cupped the alpha's face in his hands. "Please, don't scare me like that again."
They settled down on a table, earning suspicious looks from some. Zemo didn’t seem bothered by it. Carl started chatting away.
Tony took a seat with his head in his hands. The last thing he wanted to do was argue with his mate. “I’m terrified.”
The child’s mind was set. He had no urge to change it. No, one had ever stared at him with admiration before. He was unworthy.
“There wasn’t a day where Howard didn’t tell me of the great Captain America and his Howling Commandos,” said Tony.
Stepping Reflex - Even though the baby cannot support his own weight, if his feet are placed on a flat surface, he will begin to step one foot in front of the other. The stepping reflex usually disappears by 2 months.
Tony led him inside and up the grand staircase. They stopped in front of the first guest bedroom. Steve circled the checking for anything that could pose a risk.
At three in the afternoon in Tokyo Tony’s phone alerted. Steve’s heart rate and temp spiked. The omega entered his first early stages of heat. There were two hours until the dinner meeting. It was unlikely Steve would be able to sleep through it. He locked hotel door and shut the blinds. No one else would see what he was about to. He pulled up the footage from the bedroom and he wasn’t disappointed. Steve sprawled out bare in their bed. His pale skin was damp with sweat. He shouldn’t be watching but he couldn’t pull his eyes away. Steve was panting. His body defying Jarvis's predictions. Slick wet his legs.
Piper pushed away his hand. “What will you do with him when you do?! Throw him in another prison! He’s sick!”
Fury was relieved at the man’s agitation. Stark may not be as sharp-minded as usual. Fury might not have to reveal the true reason Hydra wanted Steve at this moment. He could easily be distracted.
Steve was purring loudly. He rested on his side with Piper huddled close to him. She was playing with Steve’s hand. The omega smiled at him, beaming with pride over the small being tucked securely in his arms. His eyes were fully dilated in a feral omega state. His scent oozed content.
All his clothing fit in one bag. Steve sat on the corner of their bed, not knowing what to do. He couldn’t fight the urge for companionship and knocked on the door bathroom.
Winter dried the pup's eyes, but it didn't stop her crying. If guilt were the only thing wrong the pup it wasn't as bad he thought. It would fade in time.
Piper nodded, pulling up a step, then helping him with the batter. Steve held her in one arm, letting her sprinkle blueberries into the cooking pancakes.
“I’m asking because I love you and I need you in my life. Our pup is only an unforeseen bonus. Will you marry me, Steven Grant Rogers?” asked Tony.
The pup lost all interest in food, favoring the books. Even once he finished his share, she was still uninterested. He didn't understand. Why were books more fascinating than food? She whined loudly when he took them from her.
“Steve, you're safe your in the penthouse floor of Stark Tower in Manhattan New York. It's the 17th of January 2012. It is 1:30 am,” said Jarvis.
He didn’t know the proper etiquette for meeting royalty. The only other person of royal descent of he'd met was Thor.
Steve huffed. “He’s a friend. Tony, you need to focus,” he said. As he opened the packet they were transmitted into the air and uploaded onto Jarvis’s system. “You have work to do.”
The longer she stayed under their control the more she’d likely change. That pup was the only thing keeping him going. He growled at himself. He’d become so dependent on someone else. He put on the TV again trying to escape the thoughts.
He pressed a quick peck on Tony’s lips and darted off to the shower. He needed to cool himself down. Jarvis already started the shower for him and had it to the perfect temperature. Steve tried to calm his nerves. Biting Tony was a thrill. The taste of the alpha's skin and blood was intoxicating. He wanted to mark the alpha as his. Steve toweled dry and changed.
Steve sniffled, calming only slightly. Then he felt it. A thump against his stomach. He purred loudly, running his hand over his stomach. It was such a miraculous feeling of relief.
Steve sunk onto Tony’s length. His head fell back in a silent scream. He desperately clutched the edges of the tub. The alpha was in the same state of wonder. His hands wrapped firmly around his hips encouraging him to move. Steve gasped as Tony teased his nipples with his teeth. He rode the alpha, growing nearer and nearer to completion. It came when Tony’s teeth sunk into his neck.
Steve had been staring at the wall for hours now. A red blinking light in Tony helmet caught his attention. He put it on. The electronics came alight.
Steve stormed out of the kitchen, slamming their bedroom door. Tony went to his lab. Steve needed a few hours to cool down. Then maybe the omega would come to his senses.
“Third-degree burns along his arms, but that’s of little concern. He took a blast of shrapnel to his torso. His healing factor is trapping it further within him, shredding his internal organs faster than he can recover,” said Fury.
“I could ask you the same question,” said Steve. He was sure he'd be equally as without Tony by his side. If the alpha hadn't come back, he was sure he'd been worse.
He placed his phone in the wine fridge. But his curiosity was peaked. "Jarvis pull information on, Aldrich Killian."
“If you need anything, we’ll be behind the glass. So if at any point you feel uncomfortable, give us a signal,” said Phil.
Tony wished he could believe that. It had taken him a great deal of effort not to pull up the footage from his office. He wanted to know what was wrong so he could fix it. There was no easy answer to this.
Tony quickly downed the drink before returning to his place next to him. They ate in peace while music played in the background. Small talk filled the time, allowing them to get to know each other further. Tony set dishes in the sink. It was now ten. Steve sighed he should be getting back to the facility.
Steve’s legs gave out. He skidded across the icy rooftop. Small cuts stung at his side. He didn't get up, letting his head fall into the snow. His breath fogged in the cold. A boring pain drove into his chest. Snow piled on him.
“He’s a spy. Captain, he’s the spy. His secrets have secrets. It’s bugging him too. Isn’t it?” said Tony.
Clint was freezing his balls off. Stark’s drones patrolled the base below and would notify him if they spotted anything. The jet’s heating was subpar, its metal framing rattling in the intense wind. Clint kneeled by his prisoner and removed the gag.
A few days after Steve moved in he was sent off on a mission. Tony was growing anxious it had been two weeks since he last saw Steve. This was longest he’d been away from him. He had to get used to separation Steve would be sent on missions frequently for varying amounts of time. He was sure the omega was fine, but his mind couldn’t help going to the worse option. In the time construction had been done to guest room converting in the perfect studio for Steve all it was missing was Steve.
Clint tensed. There had to be more. He took a pair of specialized binoculars from his bag. The lenses picked up on heat signature from the approaching reinforcements. There had to be about twenty. They were slowly making their way there, clearly unaccustomed to such mountainous terrain.
The next morning didn't seem all the different from any other. Breakfast arrived as normal. A beta woman came to the door. Unlike Lena, she was uncomfortable being so close to Winter. That advantage over the beta disappeared with an armed alpha entering behind her. A large gun was strapped to the alpha. Was something like that necessary? The few armed guards she'd seen in passing carried a uniform handgun, nothing special.
', but this time the bigger dog won. Tony sighed. He didn’t blame Steve. Grief was sickening. No, the blame laid in the people who’d taken their daughter. He took another breath before entering Steve's room and was surprised to find the omega eating.
Barny rubbed his temples. Despite Steve’s appearance, he was from a different time. An era where omegas feared seeking medical attention. Lashing out at an alpha or acting in a disapproved manner was enough to land an omega in a mental institution or heat facility. Both were equally horrible. Steve's reaction was to be expected.
He realized he didn’t want to give up Piper. Even though it was in her best interest. She was the one good thing in his life. He wanted her to stay within his life. It was a selfish unrealistic desire. But he had no power to determine whether she stayed or went.
He tried getting up but Tony pushed him back into the nest. Steve didn't fight it. The bed was so comfy.
“Looks like you share your father’s fascination with the captain. Otherwise, I doubt you would have that information,” said Fury.
“One holiday tradition I’m willing to keep," said Tony. He wrapped his arm around the omega’s waist pulling him close, joining them in a slow kiss. They pulled away letting their foreheads touch.
Tony was a godsend. He’d make breakfast for him, changed Piper, and made sure he was comfortable. Tony earned some rest. Steve put her in a fresh diaper and onesie. He went into the kitchen and put her down in a playpen. His stomach growled. He cracked several eggs into the bowl. Piper wailed, instantly quieting when he picked her up. He sighed Tony could take over breakfast when he woke up. Steve grabbed a protein bar from the cabinet before settling down on the couch.
He pulled away from her, wiping the mud from her face. "You have nothing to be sorry for," he said, cradling her.
That was all Rumlow wanted to know. He returned to his quarters to get some shuteye. A knock on his door hours later disrupted his rest.
She rubbed her temples. He always mentioned the tripling of the stock when caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
"I forgot birth control pill came twenty years after you were frozen. It's a pill taken by both omegas and betas to protect against pregnancy," said Edith.
It hurt knowing he felt that way about himself. The sternness to him left little room for changing his mind. It would take a lot of time for her or anyone else to wear through that thinking.
“Piper.” A sudden light headiness ruined the perfection of the moment. He quickly handed off Piper to Tony. Before fading into unconsciousness.
Piper slowly started waking up. She gave a small cry. Steve picked her up, gently rocking her. She nuzzled against his chest. He put a blanket over his shoulder and took her to his chest. Steve relaxed into the chair, humming to her.
Steve’s hands clenched. It was a dirty move. The offer was tempting, but the ultimatum was enough of a deterrent.
"No one told me. I saw my name on the bloody pieces of shrapnel they pulled out of you!" His voice tight with emotion.
“Bottom,” said Steve. He took a seat in the bottom bunk, falling back into the mattress. His shield rested beside him. The leather straps couldn’t be salvaged.
"For now it isn't," said Steve. He pressed against the cool tiled floor. Tony joined him on the floor.
Steve did as told tenderly removing it. It glowed brightly in his hand. He set on the table so Jarvis could scan it over.
The moment faded when Steve saw that smile. It so matched that of their daughter’s. Tony sighed, his expression becoming heavy once again.
Tony stared processing the image planted in his mind. Why did Steve choose to fulfill this fantasy now?
It was hard to picture Loki and Thor as pups. Everyone starts off as a pup. Thor’s stomach growled. Steve quickly hugged the alpha. His instincts fought against such contact to an alpha that wasn’t his so closely after being bonded.
“If you came here to look for a hidden stash of alcohol go head, there's nothing. Steve and I got rid of everything."
An hour of sleep. Everything about him was enhanced; unfortunately, that included his pregnancy symptoms. Tony was a frequent victim of his mood swings. The alpha became very adept a dodging his shield. He got to his feet. Steve brushed his teeth. He'd grown tired of the taste of toothpaste and mouthwash. Hunger drove him to the kitchen. He nibbled on some crackers. In the living area was his nesting couch. When Tony got him for it, he doubted he used it, but he spent hours in it every day. It was tempting to gather some snacks and settle back down. He had to check on Tony. Lately, he hadn’t been able to pay as close attention to the alpha as he wanted. When stricken with morning sickness, he didn’t want anyone anywhere near him. He went to the lab. Dum-E and U greeted him. He patted each of the robots. Steve tossed a screwdriver, and two bots went chasing after it. The lab was a mess. Steve bit his lip. He so wanted to clean it up. Tony was particular about his lab.
"Normally, I would recommend a week. Don't be concerned if there's some spotting in the next few days. When he wakes up he may be out of it,” said Edith.
Tony got up first. For the first few seconds, his mind fooled him into believing it was a normal morning. His baby girl was safely tucked in her bed. It ended with the same gut-wrenching realization that she wasn't. Two hours of sleep. It was better than nothing. Steve was spread out on the bed, lost in a deep sleep.
Tony went to the nursery when he couldn't find his mate anywhere else. It was one of Steve's favorite places. The room was ready, but the omega always double-checked to make sure everything was in its place. Tony entered the room. It was painted a muted green. They'd decided against pink for the room. Steve was checking over supplies.
“I have to get my affairs in order. A trust fund for the kid and edit my will.” A billion-dollar trust fund that the kid could access when it turned twenty-one should be due.
He failed in protecting his best friend. Would he fail in protecting his pup as well if he were to have one? It wasn’t a risk worth discovering.
“Is that what you want? Here’s a little holiday greeting I’ve been wanting to send to the Mandarin. I just didn't know how to phrase it until now. My name is Tony Stark, and I'm not afraid of you. I know you're a coward. So I've decided that you just die, pal. I'm going to come and get the body. There's no politics here just good old fashion revenge. No, Pentagon, it's just you and me. In the off chance, you're a man. Here's my home address 10880 Malibu Point. I'll leave the door unlocked. That what you wanted, right?"
“I understand,” he said. Understanding didn’t make him like it. There were three beautiful bikes in the garage.
It was getting harder to breathe. She started coughing. Piper fell onto her side and whimpered. There was another explosion, but she couldn’t move in time. A rafter landed on top her, knocking out what little breath she had. She heard sirens blare in the distance. All she wanted were her parents.
“When he flew into the portal with the nuc, I could only give him so much time before I had to make the command. If I had given would second earlier, his blood would be on my hands.”
"They trained together and were rivals for a while, competing for the head of S.T.R.I.K.E. Rumlow was lead on a deciding mission. He miscalculated. Got the entire team was killed except for him and Neema. Him being him, he pinned it on her. By the time it was cleared up he was given the position and she was demoted,” said Natasha.
Piper honestly didn’t care too much about the reasoning. She knew this sugar sympathy wouldn’t last long.
“I appreciate the option of making my own choice about my body, but I don’t need or want an abortion this time,” he said.
Steve sighed. He sympathized with Tony. The alpha seemed to be looking for any excuse to strike out against the Mandarin. "How do you know that?"
His eyes widened slightly when a young alpha pup followed behind Rumlow. Bruises marked the boy's olive skin, though he looked only one or two years older than Piper. His long wavy brown hair hid most of his face from view. The pup turned his gazed toward Winter. His eyes were a deep piercing deep blue. The boy growled at him. Winter bared his teeth in return. He wasn’t going to be challenged by some whelp.
It didn’t take long for him to pick out a tree. He resisted the urge to carry it over the shoulder. To keep up appearances he held one end, while Tony held the other. They put it up in the penthouse.
Steve left a note for Tony in case he woke up. He tucked his key card into his pocket before quietly closing the door behind him. They went to a beautiful spa. A woman at the front desk smiled at them.
This was what he was dealing with? He’d gone from fighting aliens to dealing with a looped out drug-addicted actor. Tony kicked the beta’s feet.
She flinched noticeably when he brought out a larger knife, taking a few unwarranted steps back. The black, serrated edge of the blade glinted in the artificial light. Piper whimpered.
The ride home was quiet except for the classic rock played at a low volume. Tony closed his eyes and enjoyed the music.
“Tony, you don’t need these suits to be a hero.” Steve placed a parting kiss on the alpha’s forehead. "I'm going upstairs."
“He’ll be back. He has to come back,” she whimpered. All she had to do was wait. She huddled down in Winter’s corner, where his scent was strongest. Piper counted down the hours in her head. Two hours ticked by and nobody entered, not even Lena.
"It was made completely out of plastic and rubber with the exception of its explosive core. We were hoping you could take a look at it," said Fury.
Steve drew his gun as they made their way through the abandoned base. Its corridors were narrow and maze-like. It smelled of bears, dust, and some chemical mixture. The only disturbances were caused by the bears, not human intervention. A green glow emanating from the hall made go on alert. The containers holding the substance must have pried open the bears or eroded by time.
Bruce quietly closed the door, taking Piper up to the penthouse. He laid her in her crib. She was out in seconds. Bruce couldn't leave her. There was something wrong about leaving her alone. He settled in the rocking chair across from her, taking a book from his bag. There was something so peaceful to this.
Piper jumped out of bed. She didn’t want them looking at her DNA, knowing it wouldn’t be normal. It wasn’t normal before, but she was sure that now it would be even weirder. She didn't want them seeing that.
“It measures galvanic skin response, oxygen consumption, micro-expressions, biofeedback, brainwaves, pupil dilation, voice biometrics. And ninety-six variables in all.”
“What I saw went beyond my expertise. A specialist will have to be brought in to examine it. I'd suggest Dr. Helen Cho. She’s a world-renowned geneticist, the best in her field.”
It was instinct. Omegas were particular about the nesting and birthing rooms. It could take weeks for them to decide over something that seemed so trivial. Tony knew not to question this. Steve would snap him if he did.
Steve sat up. He'd enjoyed the intense cuddle session. A little while later, Jarvis alerted them that Happy was waiting for them outside. Steve gave Jarvis to the directions for the stew. It was cloudly outside. Steve tugged his coat closer to him. Tony opened the car door for him, inside was toasty. Steve relaxed into the leather seating.
Powerful wave alpha pheromones were hard on Steve's senses. The urge to protect his pup from this pushed him toward Tony.
Piper got up from her desk; going to the easel Rune was glued to his seat. He likely thought this some kind of test and it likely was. Only one person knew the answer to it.
A lot happened in three years. The Battle of Greenwich was another strike against the normal that followed the chaos of The Battle of New York. Steve’s and Tony’s hands were tied with Piper so being young. If they'd gone, they’d only been in the way. They knew so little of what caused it. Even after a full debriefing from S.H.I.E.L.D., there were unanswered questions.
There was so much more at risk. He has a pup and mate to protect. She took two large packets of paper from her suitcase.
Tony wasn’t sure if the space between Steve’s heats would work in his favor or not. It gave him more time to mess this up.
They reached a large frost-covered door. Lena hit a button on the wall. The ice cracked away, before swinging open. Piper’s eyes widened. Outside was frozen wasteland. Her stung and watered at sunlight reflecting off the snow. Lena kneeled next her.
“Have you given up? It’s alright if you did.” He wouldn’t have blamed her. It was hard to keep up hope here. But they had each other. Piper had hardly spoken of escape since Sir had taken over.
The word didn’t feel out of place. It was right calling Tony alpha. The man woke with a grunt, clearly annoyed at being woken from his slumber so soon. Tony smiled softly before locking their lips in a smoldering kiss, making Steve’s mind go blank. He managed to regain enough control over himself to pull away. That control was broken as soon as Tony’s hand traveled between his legs.
He lunged over a countertop, dodging the shotgun blast aimed for his head. A second passed and peaked over the counter. She grabbed him by the collar, dragging him to his feet. A punch to the jaw knocked him off balance. They tangled in battle. He locked the chained of the handcuffs around her neck. Only for the metal melt against her heated skin. He ducked behind the kitchen. The cuffs burnt against his wrist, but they fell away, giving him more of a chance in this fight. He pushed a can of gas into the kitchen, tossing his molten cuff liquid, catching it aflame. He turned on the microwave, tossing the dog tags inside. She came through the flames.
Tony’s hands dug into his omega’s hips. Steve growled. Tony forced down the urge to set the fast, wanting pace he wanted. Steve set a slow torturous rhythm. Soon enough, the omega became lost to his desire; the speed became more frantic. Tony moved his hand between, wrapping around Steve's length. He moved his hand in pace with the frantic rhythm of their pace. Steve howled as pleasure swept through him. Tony's vision went white as he emptied his seed into his mate.
"Kate? She's not my type. I don't want to mix my work life and personal life. That's asking for trouble," said Steve
Piper’s awareness dulled as Lena hummed the child’s favorite lullaby. She tilted forward. Pierce had thought it silly for Lena to want of that singular piece of seemingly unimportant information. But the melody was key to getting Piper into a relaxed state. Soon her eyes closed.
It wasn't safe here. He had to find someone. Someone he could trust. A familiar face. As he ran through the building voices over the radio call out code thirteen, but he kept moving, not taking a moment to absorb his surroundings fully. He ran onto the street. It was New York, but not the one he knew. There was no time to think. He had to move. Cars honked at him as he raced down the street. He slowed when he reached the heart of the city. Buildings taller than he’d ever seen towered above him. Screens alight with commercials for products he didn’t know. His heartbeat drummed in his ears. It almost flooded out the chaos surrounding him. Large black cars surrounded him. He could barely keep himself under control. Usually, he could remain level-headed in the greatest of dangers, but this was too much. His instincts screamed at him to give in to his flight instinct an omega’s first defense. But he has surrounded flight wasn't an option. His teeth lengthen in preparation for a fight. He crouched, growling lowly, making sure to flash his teeth.
“For wha-” Tony pushed a finger into him, mercilessly massaging against his sweet spot. Steve mewled his back arching off the bed.
She was broken from the haze of comfort when Theodore's cold metal hand clamped down on the back of her neck, scruffing her. Piper whined. She instantly went limp dropping the stuffed bunny.
He must be so worried. How long had she been gone? Bandages were wrapped around her hands and feet. She’d been treated and cleaned. The smell of soap and medication covered up any hint of what happened. Under the medicated creams she could smell burnt flesh. How had she gotten burnt? Lena was bad but she didn’t she stoop down to burning her.
“You’re offering to be my sex toy,” said Steve. The offer was an incredible boost to his confidence. Tony made him feel beautiful.
“Alpha,” he whined, needing Alpha inside him more with every passing moment. It was all he could think about besides the touch of Tony's hands. Yet Alpha did nothing. Had he done something wrong? Something thick and bulbous pressed against him, filling him one long thrust. He fell to his elbows, which only granted Alpha further access to him. His eyes rolled back in his head. The deep hungry need abruptly vanished.
“You know how to flatter a girl, Director. But I'm sure there are far more deserving gals than me,” she said.
"A few days after my heat. It was an accident my birth control malfunctioned. But it was the best accident to ever happen to me."
"Do they still sell Rheingold?" asked Steve. It was the only beer he knew. It was Bucky's favorite and the cheapest thing at the liquor store. They sit on the roof of his apartment building drinking. Buck would split a bottle with him. If he drank an entire bottle himself, he useless the next morning.
“Wait, Isabelle.” Natasha raised an elegant eyebrow. Paninya quickly jotted down her number on a bathroom napkin. “If you’re ever in need of my services.”
Tony laughed. Steve smiled softly, before getting off the table. He zipped his jeans. Steve groaned. His pants were damp and sticky. Tony handed him his shirt. He pulled it over his head.
Tony shoved down the urged to growl. Steve has great legs long and strong. He loved the way they wrapped around his waist kept him close.
He wanted a three-year-old to learn how to use firearms? Even to her, that seemed beyond idiotic. Even in these circumstances.
He found it hilarious, but they couldn’t allow her to get away with it. She huffed, meeting their gaze.
Edith shut and locked the door behind them. She pulled on a pair of rubber gloves and got the supplies ready.
Tony went to the footage of Extremis human testing. The subject began to glow as they were injected with the serum. Their screams were a jolt to his system. One of the subjects showed signs of rejections. The others were escorted out of the room. The man exploded seconds later in a flash of orange light.
He stalked forward. His pupils were blown. He bared his teeth, flashing their sharpened points. In the short time, she’d been gone, he’d gone feral.
The alpha shrugged, knowing Steve wasn’t seriously upset with him. “You have a call to make, sweetheart,”
“Better than I ever expected. Not many would put up with me,” said Steve. He wasn’t an easy omega to keep. Tony’s control wasn’t lost on him. The effort the alpha put into making him feel comfortable was more than he ever expected. He hadn’t even tried marking him. Tony touched his cheek.
Steve spent the night going over the debriefing packet. The science went above his head. Tony could explain it to him. He pulled out his phone but tossed it away. Doing that would be a distraction for both of them. S.H.I.E.L.D. needed him more than Tony did.
It went to directly to voicemail. This wasn’t like Tony. He always answered. It was too early for the alpha to be asleep. He ran out of his room, crashing directly into Natasha.
From the playground, Piper watched a black SUV pulled into the driveway. On the passenger side door was the S.H.I.E.L.D insignia. It was an armored vehicle, probably stocked with all kinds of gadgets. She wanted to open it up and see what made it tick. For all Daddy’s cars, he didn’t have an actual supercar. Rune came up beside her.
It was a regular practice for omegas to have a home birth. Only when an omega was having a high-risk birth did they go to the hospital. The tower had three floors dedicated medical. If anything went wrong they'd be able to handle it. They'd figured this out in Malibu.
She followed. They returned to the classroom and Sir went to the chalkboard at the front of the room, writing a list of subjects. He wrote elegantly in cursive. So it took her a bit longer to decipher. All the loops made it hard.
“Hotels stopped using keys decades ago. Now they used card keys,” said Tony handing him a plastic card.
Tony got some blankets and pillows from the bedroom, creating a makeshift bed. Steve was quick to settle into.
Steve sat on the edge of his bed, running his fingers nervously through his hair.  This wasn’t going to go well.
This was supposed to be the easy part. Behind the metal doors, he heard Tony pacing. He wanted them near, but far away all at the same time. There was no question of his love for his family, but he felt so disconnected from them, not only them but this era.
“The postpartum depression is temporary. I wish I could say it was the same for the rest. There will be good times and bad. There's no magic pill. But I can give you the tool to manage it. Steve, I want to meet with you twice a week more if needed."
"This is how it works now, Meryl Streep. You tell him where Steve and Pepper and he'll stop doing it," said Tony.
"Look, the realm of quantum mechanics is out of your reach. Such a shame you were making so much progress. I bet your father could understand," said Lena.
At five in the morning, he got out of bed. Steve's hand searched for him. He kissed his husband's forehead before pulling the blankets over him. He made breakfast. About an hour later, the rumbling of Steve. Steve stumbled into the kitchen. He tensed when he felt Steve's glare boring into the back of his head.
He pulled the blanket over her. Winter moved to the window looking into the room. Two henchmen strode alongside an older alpha. One was Rumlow. The alpha taunted him by tapping the window. Winter glared but did nothing to further ignite the challenge. Once the three alphas disappeared down the hall Piper sat up.
Tony took Steve's plate, dumping it into the trash. It was more than he’d thought Steve would eat. He wrapped his arms loosely around his husband, resting his chin on the omega's broad shoulder.
But when he set her down on the thin mattress, she was already out. He pulled the scratchy blanket over her, toy bunny tucked against her chest. Some deep part of him was satisfied at that fact that he could take care of something. It was odd, nurturing life, instead of extinguishing it. And he wasn’t entirely sure if that’s what he was doing. The sad fact was that he was the only one here who would offer her such a thing. Winter wasn't programmed for such behavior and thought he would likely fail.
She shook her head and pushed the tray toward him. He gave her a glass of milk, instead. It shook in her hand. He steadied it for her, holding it as she drank. She burped.
Theodore’s growls faded minutes later. What had they done to him?! She had to help him! Despite her willingness, her body refused to respond. She growled, struggling weakly against her bindings. The door slammed open. She was pulled out of the machine. A dark-eyed beta glared angrily down at her.
The drive to the hotel was uncomfortably silent. Steve’s gaze was focused out the window. They pulled into the hotel. Tony tossed his keys to a valet. He couldn't take much more of this silent tension, but he had to wait till they got to the privacy of their room to address it.
They went to the common tent taking a seat in the farthest corner from the entrance. Steve picked at his food.
“I'm flattered and all, but why the hell did you choose me? Besides the obvious reasons, of course. I’m sure alphas are lining up to have a chance with you,” said Tony.
“You struck me enough electricity to kill me five times over. But my heart kept ticking. You should be impressed, Jason. Not many people come that close to killing me.”
"He was talking about family. You have a family. You can always lean on us. We'll help you, but you have to give us some idea how."
"I know you won't hurt me. So, it won't happen again," said Piper. She tried leaving, but Bruce was still holding her. "Uncle Bruce, you've gotta let me go. I'm okay now, I promise."
Tony didn’t say anything but caressed his cheek. That touch said the words the alpha couldn't at the moment. Steve realized they were both standing naked in the middle of the penthouse. Steve went to the bedroom. He slid a pair of shorts on, not bothering with underwear. Tony would only tear them off him later. He grabbed a pair of shorts for Tony. He handed them to him. Tony shook his head. Having his alpha naked before him would only shorten the gap before his next wave hit.
Piper set up the pieces. She turned the queen in hand. Time had made her more aware of the power dynamics here. But there were still too many blanks. This place was part of something bigger. She was sure of it. A place like this couldn't exist on its own. Even in whatever secluded setting, they were located, Lena wasn’t queen; she couldn’t move however she wanted. She was reporting to someone. No, she was a bishop. Who was king? A king may not be able to move; however, it pleased, but it had power. They were rules on how it could be used even here. Those rules for the king's protection to keep him out of the fray.
Her goal wasn’t to destroy the girl known as Piper Stark. No, she was playing a long term game. The second persona was only a crutch. As time worn on, Piper would see her actions that and believe that was really her, a monster, not someone kind worthy of love. Eventually, her psyche wouldn’t act as an alternative persona, but part of her actual self. The process would take years, but it was the eventual result.
Dum-E came up from the elevator. In his claw was a new high tech bow and fully equipped quiver, with newly developed arrows. Clint took the bow and pulled back the string. It was perfectly balanced. Never had he held a bow so light. He couldn't wait to get to know it better. Its structure was airstream.
Tony watched as those blue eyes closed. Yinsen didn’t want him to waste his life. In three years he'd done a lot of good. A family wasn't something he thought of. Most alphas were married with children by his age. Was he not living it as fully as he could?
Piper was surprised when Lena returned to her and Winter’s cell. The best part of today was supposed to be only seeing her once.
He hadn’t gotten a chance to say it before Tony left. When the alpha called he’d correct that. What to do now? His stomach growled. Breakfast. Steve went to the kitchen. He was struck by how empty it felt. Tony personality had a way of filling the large mansion.
“I suppose.” Staying here posed risks, but less than before. Stark's job position still stood, and his talent wouldn't be wasted. It was something to think about. "Why biology. I thought physics and engineering were your preferred subjects?"
Lena reset Winter's arm, setting it in a brace. Then, they transferred the two super-soldiers to a recovery room. Piper's old collar had broken during the struggle, and Lena smiled softly as she locked a new one in place.
Maya faded away. Her body was dragged away. He would find her. Her family should have that. The metallic scent of her blood lingered.
“It’s a Kevlar and durable fabric. Nearly impossible for the average person to rip. So it should last you through this mission,” said Natasha from the door.
If only she had gotten a chance to take a sample before Piper escaped. She planned on introducing her to Winter, though not in the way it happened. But it couldn't have happened more perfectly. Winter killing that beta cemented Piper's trust in him as a protector. It would have taken weeks for that connection to form otherwise.
Two months passed since Steve’s episode, and things were calming down. The most eventful part of the month was Pepper's engagement to Maria Hill. Meeting with Turner regularly was paying off. There were still nightmares, but there weren't intense or as frequent as before. There were bad days, but Tony was there for him. The brief disconnection he felt with Piper was mended. He was snugly tucked in bed with his family. Steve sighed. Tomorrow they were meeting with Dr. Wu. He'd put this off long enough. Piper squirmed against him.
Tony turned away from that blue-eyed gaze. He couldn’t take someone truly seeing him. Maybe there was something that he could have done? Maybe if he weren’t so concerned about his own issues he could have been more useful.
Piper shook her head. The simple action shattered her parents' hearts but they weren't upset with her. Whoever had taken her had twisted her mind against them. Steve quickly looked away, drying his tears. Piper wiggled in Hill’s hold till she huddled closer to Rune. Piper would have to be strong for Rune, to give him the best possible life she could. She soon found sleep.
“I’m only reminding you that Piper has an appointment with Dr. Banner today in an hour,” said Jarvis.
Helmut was asleep at the table. In his hand was a bouquet of yellow tulips, her favorite. She gently woke her sleeping husband. His intense brown eyes opened and he hauled her into a kiss.
"Steve, is there any reason you thought you'd be incapable of bearing a child beside the serum?" she asked.
Steve sat next to him on the foot of the bed. He hid his face in the alpha’s neck. Tony arm wrapped around his shoulder. He felt himself relaxing.
“You weren’t telling the truth, and I wanted to get you back. And you always ask me to tell the truth, but don’t do it yourself!” She stamped her foot, trying not to throw a tantrum. It would be so much easier than having this conversation. “What you’re asking isn’t fair when you won’t do the same.”
Steve checked his phone for what had to be the hundredth time today. Tony hadn’t called him yet. He expected a call as soon as he left.
Steve and Natasha nodded. They landed on the old airstrip. The first thing that hit them was the stench of decaying flesh. Bloodstained the ground. The aircraft from the previous teams were untouched.
The kids cautiously approached the table. Steve took a bite of the sandwich to prove it was safe. They ate quietly under supervision.
The panic was clear in the sleeping omega's expression. Distress leaked off him as Steve reared up, still asleep, momentarily instinctively sensing Tony pressing against him. He plastered his face to Tony’s neck, clutching his closely, his expression only relaxing slightly.
“How’s Emma?” he asked. Out of the two siblings, Tony knew Emma better. She frequently informed Tony of Peggy’s condition.
“Well, if I put an arrow through Loki’s eye socket I’d probably sleep better I suppose,” said Clint.
He went to Tony's lab, typing in the code. The door instantly swung open for him. His inner omega calmed as soon as he stepped foot in his alpha's domain. Dum-E and U came rolling over to greet him. Dum-E handed him a screwdriver. He tossed it and the bots went chasing after it. Steve sketched at the table. His hand only leaving the page to throw the tool for Dum-E or U. Their company even though artificial was better than nothing. His pencil snapped as cramping clawed throw his lowering stomach. He tumbled from the stool onto the cool concrete ground.  Dum-E and U came speeding toward him. The two claws hands looked nervously at him.
Captain America has a biting kink. It was shared by many alphas and omegas. It was nothing compared to the thrill of a claim mark. At least that’s what he’d been told. It could only be given in heat or while an omega was pregnant and would link the pair. Tony lapped the blood from the already healing bite mark. Steve shuddered weakly against him. There was a splotch of red on Steve’s kiss-swollen lips. He licked it away.
Steve noticed the clean bedding and a towel folded neatly on the bedside table. He stripped their bed, rebuilding his nest to his high standards. Steve balled up the dirty sheets.
Tony nodded. He wasn’t a fool alphas like Tony would have been with many omegas and betas. Steve was partly grateful for it, allowed the alpha to perfect his skill.
Dinner arrived. The other beta brought it. Along with the dinner, there were two thick books tucked under his arm. He pushed them both through the slot. Piper rushed to the books examining them. She flipped through the pages, finding nothing strange.
Steve's nose crinkled at what Thor was eating. It didn’t look particularly appetizing. "What are you eating?"
The pungent odor of distress flooded off the pup. He swallowed back a dry heave of his own. Winter had burnt bodies, dug up and disposed of decaying corpses without so much as flinching. But the scent of this pup in distress was sickening. He ran his fingers through her hair. Normally, that was enough to calm her down, but now, it proved ineffective. Lena stared at them. Why would she want the pup like this? Piper was useless to anyone in this state.
This wasn't moving fast enough. Maybe Trevor needed more motivation. He pointed the gun at Trevor's face. At this point, he was too tired to care about pulling the trigger. He wanted to this entire situation to be over. All he wanted was to be in New York with his mate.
Tony had gotten out of the bed pacing out his frustration. He blamed himself. It wasn't Tony's fault not even Rumlow's fault. It was his. "I was hurt by an explosion. Your weapons only happened to be there."
Tony jumped on sliding down missing Killian’s demise. He was tossed into the sky. Tony closed his eyes accepting his fate. A suit closed around. It struggled to land him safely. He crashed down, beaten but alive. The empty helmet of Mark 42 landed at his feet. He stared at the empty flaming image. A figure emerged from the flaming destruction. The charred formed moved toward him. He struggled to get to his feet.
“Papa.” She yawned again. Steve started rocking her, humming her a lullaby. Tony got up from the bed.
The alpha’s command sent a wave of anger through him. This wasn’t his alpha. He had no right to press his command against him. Before he could get to his feet the alpha scruffed him. He went to limp. He whined.
Steve dropped his paintbrush, hearing his phone ring. He wiped his paint-covered hands on his pants before answering it.
She whined, hiding her face in the pillows. Shame washed over her when she felt a wet spot underneath her. She whined. The last time she wet the bed, she was two.
Hulk jumped into the air grabbing the metal man. Metalman was limp. He slid down the side of a building slowing their descent. They skidded across the road through several cars. He tossed his friend to the side.
“Do you think you’ll have a better chance of getting through to her?” Steve asked, a little aggressively.
Tony grudgingly allowed her in. She turned on the ultrasound machine. A black and white image of his daughter appeared on the screen.
“Howard’s one that got away,” huffed Tony. There wasn’t a day the man didn’t mention the great hero, Steve Rogers. He never so hated someone he never met. To this day, he didn't understand Howard's fascination. The endless stories did nothing to inspire him if that’s what Howard was aiming for. It only succeeded in annoying the hell out of him. “What about him?”
The footage of Steve's bedroom appeared in front of him. Only a tuff of his golden-brown hair could be seen from under the blankets. Steve buried himself under the blankets and curled up in a ball. He’d built a nest of the decorative pillows. He’s nesting.
Tony tensed, instantly sitting up in his seat. “I’m forty-one I lost the title of young man a long time ago,” he said.
Tony’s arms framed his omega. He pressed firmly against Steve, giving him greater control. Tony pushed into his omega without hesitation. They moaned in unison at the sensation. A tight wet heat surrounded him. Tony wrapped one arm firmly around Steve’s waist, keeping in place as he thrust deeply into him. The only motion the omega capable of was rocking his hips against his. Steve clawed at the glass wall. The omega's pleasured moans were all he heard. Tony pulled out of Steve, earning an angered snarl. The anger was soothed as he lowered them to the floor. He cradled Steve's head in his hand. Steve arched off the tiled floor as Tony pushed into him without warning. The omega’s legs wrapped around his waist, keeping him closed, pulling him deeper into his tight wet heat. Tony motions were fully powered by instinct, eliciting great pleasure from Steve.
Alpha was moving too slowly. He grabbed him, yanking him into bed. Steve tucked them into bed. His arms wrapped around alpha’s waist, keeping him close. Alpha laughed.
“What are you waiting for its Christmas take them to church?” said Tony. The suits rushed to their nearest targets, engaging in battle.
Steve smirked when he caught Tony was glaring daggers at the man. He lowered his gown. His torso was wrapped thickly with bandages. Blackwell swiftly cut them, revealing several neat lines of staples. Tensing when the doctor ran a gentle hand over his healing wounds. The touch made him uneasy, but he forced down the discomfort.
"My parents were as nice as yours. They me beat for the sole reason of being what I am. I'm sure you two can relate with that," said George.
“I do. It just didn’t seem so bad this time.” She shrugged. “I wasn’t going to keep them and would have given them right back after I was done looking at his car. It’s not like I can reach the pedals. I’m not going steal from random people for no reason. I know it’s wrong, but the damage was minimal.”
Rhodes was quick to get out of the car and regain his breath. “Knowing you has taken years off my life,” he said.
He went garage. Steve pulled his coat closer. Riding his bike this late in the year wasn't comfortable. Tony would have to start picking him again. He called Tony.
Steve was almost impressed. He didn’t think his encouragement would work so well, but he couldn’t take all the credit. Part of it was Tony’s natural curiosity. Steve shook the thought from his head. He needed to focus.
As perfect as it was, she missed the ones Winter tried to make for her. She always had to remake them, but Winter was trying to care for her, which made them so great. Daddy came in, carrying ten large boxes of pizza.
The alpha must have thought him asleep. He kept his eyes closed. Steve wanting to hear what Tony had to say. A gentle kiss was placed on his temple.
"I'll keep it, but it doesn't leave the tower. Jarvis do we have the facilities to keep something like that here temporarily?"
He thought she’d keep the public interest longer, but everyone in the outside world was moving on. Only he and Tony were trapped in the ongoing nightmare. All he could compare it to was the Lindbergh Baby. His disappearance never failed to be mentioned on radio or papers until the tragic discovery of its corpse. But that was a different time. Now, Piper, the now famous missing child, was already fading into the background and a new trial of the century.
“You’ll have to lose an arm to be separate from your shield. Release your hand and it will separate. I also wired in a return function in case you’re unable to reach it. To change the color turn the dial,” said Tony.
"I'm not something. I'm a person!" Piper froze. The topic had never been so openly addressed. She shook her head trying to focus. She should be using this time to figure him out. Piper couldn't place his accent. Despite the coolness of his expression, his voice was warm and thick. Out of nowhere, an electric jolt surged through her. She pulled herself from the floor. The man held an electric rod. She hadn't even picked up the movement, the action was so seamless.
Lena hoped it was a needless precaution. With an organization such as Hydra, one could never be too careful. The child stared at her blankly, awaiting a command. It had never taken Lena so long to put a subject under trance. Piper’s willful mind was likely the cause of the delay.
Lena smiled, barely suppressing a laugh. The child’s loyalty was precious. She wondered if Steve’s loyalty would be at the same level if knew his best friend was still alive, and knew the atrocities he’d committed for the sake of Hydra?
Steve found confidence attractive, but there’s a thin line between confidence and cockiness. Howard and Tony sometimes had difficulty seeing.
He couldn't answer that. God, he wanted to, though. But he could try and comfort Tony any way he knew how, so the pursuit of answers didn't seem consuming.
For the first time, he found himself agreeing with Rumlow. He knew the alpha meant a more permanent stay, so Steve only glared at the alpha. Anything more would only tip off Rumlow’s ego. He went to the tent he shared with Nat. She was working on something on her laptop. He took off his shirt drying his chest with it before putting on a fresh one.
,” she read. She’d been craving some kind of mental activity. As much as she cared for Theodore, he didn’t make for the most stimulating of conversation.
Again he followed the agent. He was tired of this game of follow the leader. He wished for some time alone.
“Fury may give you an assignment, but it will likely be minor. I don’t believe undercover suits you. Enjoy the free time,” said Natasha.
They got into the car. It was only a thirty-minute drive to the studio. The host herself was there to greet them in person. She shook Steve’s hand.
“I don’t need anything fancy,” said Steve. He never wanted to be a dolled up omega, always flaunting the expensive gifts their alpha lavished upon them.
Steve moved a hand to his stomach. He knew his baby was alive, but Extremis was taking a toll on her. Steve was used to her frequently kicking. She kicked weakly against his hand. A broken rib from her would be a welcomed relief. He purred hoping to calm from the immense stress being placed on them. The only comfort he came through his mate bond. He felt Tony's presence even though he was absent. His mate would find him.
"Nothing is open," said Steve. He looked through cabinets for something to eat, finding several boxes of spaghetti and a jar of sauce. “How does spaghetti sound?”
Steve spread his legs. That simple action pried at Tony’s self-control. Self-control was never his strongest attribute. This was such a temptation beyond what he was used to. He had to hold it back. If he screwed this up, Steve would never allow him near again. He couldn’t lose a chance to experience this again. Tony pulled away, breaking the kiss. Steve’s lips were slightly kiss-swollen.
Steve followed the doctor into a private patient room. Tony was asleep. He went to his mate’s side and ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. Tony’s deep brown eyes slowly opened.
Piper woke up in Winter's arms. The alpha had fallen asleep standing up, yet his arm remained securely around her, making sure she wouldn't fall.
“Slightly dehydrated but otherwise fine. He likely fainted due to a severe anxiety attack. It was a lot for him to take in," she said.
There was no relief to his agony. Pain medication would do nothing for him. All he could was clench his jaw and fist the blanket.
“Odin never meant that for me. As soon as he found out I was an omega he forgot whatever thoughts of me as a son. He wanted me to be your bride, hoping to unite two races,” said Loki.
“Not possible Captain America died seventy years ago. Fell into the Atlantic. Howard wasted years searching for a dead man,” he said.
“No one here will ever hurt you or her,” Tony explained firmly. Then he gently tilted Piper’s head up and wiped the single tear dripping down her cheek. "If we find him, you'll be the first to know."
They stepped into the office. She was made to stand in front of Sir's large desk, with him peering down at her. It made her feel small. But she wasn't paying him any mind. She was too busy digging her toes into the soft-carpeted floor. It had been so long since she'd felt anything but cold tile against her feet.
Tony packed a bag for Piper. It should be enough. He went to the lab. Piper cried for him as soon as he entered. He quickly swept her up in his arms. “Shh, it’s okay.”
Steve bit his lip, swallowing inappropriate words and guttural screams. “Can you tell me where he is?”
Steve breathed in Tony’s scent. It was of earth, clove, with slight tones metallic. The alpha’s scent was odd yet so appealing. It was so different from any alpha’s he’d encountered. His heart continued racing, and his body warm. Being close to the alpha would speed up his heat, but he couldn't part from the enticing scent. He whined when Tony broke the closeness. The alpha caressed his face. The touch was electric, making him shiver. Tony seemed equally affected. His gaze held the same shock, but he was quick to gather himself.
He signed too impatient to be with beauty to pay attention to the fine print. He shoved the large stack of papers into his suitcase.
He picked her up, swaddling her in a blanket, and rocked back and forth. A deep rumbling echoed from within his chest. The sound was foreign to him. As he felt her relax he sat down. The pup's pupils were blown. A higher-pitched purr emitted from her. The short glimpse he caught of her eyes her pupils were blown in an instinctual calm. He leaned back in his chair, closing his eyes.
The day went smoothly. They spent the day watching Christmas movies. Steve’s favorite being Rudolph. He was enjoying the slow pace of the day. Tony was uninterested in the movies but seemed more than content holding him. He got up.
Outwardly the pup seemed fine, now. But little had been done to correct the previous change. Her voice didn't hold the same surety. The pup's eyes were always sad, but now her gaze was defeated and almost hallow. The emotions that usually shone so freely in those blue eyes was muted. Time, hopefully, would be enough to repair it all.
Piper was stunned when he hugged her, cradling close to his chest. This was the first time he'd ever hugged her. It was almost painful, but she didn’t care. Piper hugged him back just as hard. She wanted this comfort so much. Piper buried her face in his chest and started crying.
“You’re all I got.” She really was all he had. So, Piper cracked open the book, instantly becoming lost in the text. As long as she had a task she was fine, he’d noticed. He zoned out as she read.
“The perfect baby. Gave her a bottle in the morning. I played with her for a bit, then went through the Russian alphabet. Then she was out.”
Pepper left. She didn’t take Steve’s cool behavior personally. Compared to most omegas in this situation, Steve’s behavior toward her was cordial. He wouldn’t warm up to her until he wore Tony’s mark.
“The Black Widow, she’s a beautiful omega with a very specific skill set,” said Lena. The widow was a beast within, but her outward appearance more than made up for it.
"Says something about the state of the world when the daughter of Captain America and Ironman can be kidnapped," he said unfolding the paper.
Steve shed his clothes, wrapping a fluffy black towel around his waist. The tub filled with water. He eased himself into the water. It was the perfect temperature.
Steve kissed Tony goodbye before leaving the car. The alpha sped off. He went to Barny’s office. The doctor sat in his favorite leather chair.
As they went through their classes it became obvious that perfection was expected. However, perfection was more difficult to reach with such new subjects. Her knuckles were red from the whip of his ruler. The few times she did something correctly she was rewarded with a 'good girl', a pat on the head, or even a piece of candy. It had been so long since she had sugar. She almost appreciated the style of his teaching, at least what was expected of her was clear. With Lena, figuring out what was to be expected was difficult. Rarely was good behavior acknowledged and bad behavior was punished with such frequency.
It sunk into her side. The pup yelped, and pulled it out. Her wound instantly sealed with a glimmer of blue light. She took the blade in her untrained hand, charging fearlessly back to the fray.
“I wouldn’t,” said Piper innocently. That would take more than an hour. She more wanted to take it apart and rebuild it again. Daddy wouldn't let do that with his cars.
"I need to be knowledgeable in more than just my favorites. I wanna learn, and you're one of the best in your fields. Why would I want anyone else to teach me?" said Piper.
“Fine,” said Fury. He went to the elevator and was taken to the penthouse floor. The doors didn’t open.
“Doesn’t seem all that hard. It’s just three words. You made your own element, so saying sorry shouldn’t be all that hard.”
Natasha watched Steve from above. There was no clear shot. They were all over the place. He was fighting differently carrying his shield lower, protecting his stomach.
Neither of them could sleep. The night was spent watching their child's heartbeat on the monitor. Every now and then their pup would kick against their hands, somehow knowing it was a comfort to them.
“I had a little problem with umm substances and I ended up umm doing things. Doing things in the street that a man shouldn’t do.”
“But they should be informed. This is their turf. They should be informed. We don't want to step on any toes,” said Steve.
Steve rubbed is temples, trying not to grow frustrated. The woman was only doing her job. She picked up a phone. Her fingers continued tapping away at the keyboard. He was starting to gain attention. A few people pointed at him and whispered.
Winter raised his head. A momentary warm comfort spread through his chest. And when it faded, he shook his head. The crying had started again, only there was no sound now. The humming had stopped when she started sucking her thumb. Their meals continued to follow the same schedule, but their captors made no move to take Piper away.
"How do I punish a person who doesn't fear pain or even death? Even welcomes it. I would have thought it impossible until now.”
He was surprised when he heard two sets of footsteps fumbling upstairs. There was a squeak in the steps as the pups made there way down. They stumbled into the kitchen.
“Aren’t you going to change? I wouldn’t want you to get sick,” said Steve. He nudged the alpha toward his bedroom.
When it was clear she could no longer fight. Winter moved on to the bell test and silent walking. He picked up the exhausted pup and put her in bed. Every time he worked with her it became slightly more challenging.
“I was only doing what was right,” said Piper. She played with her fingers before meeting Daddy's gaze. "Were you scared?"
“No, but I have an idea. Wanted to give you some time to cool down,” said Tony, answering Steve’s other unspoken question.
“Paris or Amsterdam, but we wouldn’t be left alone there. I know you've always wanted to visit Louvre and Vincent Van Gogh Museum. But the other place I found is nice and secluded .” But it also had Wi-Fi for him.
Hours ticked by, the pup only abandoning her work when meals came. She fell asleep in the center of the images. Winter stood over her, taking a look at her work. It was an exact image of his arm taking up half the floor. The crayon she was using was only a small nub. In blue, she's scribbled something that resembled words.
“She is, isn’t she,” said Tony. He waited for Happy to pull out of the driveway before walking to the front door. He rang the doorbell. The large wooden door creaked open. He was greeted by a warm crinkled smiled.
Something was up with his friend. He was following a contract to the letter. Making this omega breakfast. It had to be someone special. He was relieved that Tony was moving on.
"It was an accident; it happens." Steve could hear her muffled cries. He didn't try to pick her up. "Do you want Daddy or I to give you a bath?"
Steve huddled close to him. His purring relaxed the omega. He would keep them safe. His hold on his mate tightened. They had to be safe. He had to get his will in order, so if anything happened to him. Steve and the pup would be fine without him, but he wouldn’t survive without them.
She jumped in her seat, going stiff, laying her hands flat on the table, fear present in her expression. The distress was so heavy that even his beta nose could pick up on it. She flinched as if he were going to hurt her.
Steve knew he was perfectly capable of protecting himself, but his omega needed that comfort. “I love you,” he said.
It might be a good investment. Piper seemed like she would wander. He went to the playpen, taking out all the toys. She glared him before crying. He hated hearing her cry, but eventually Piper went quiet, seeming to understand it was getting her nowhere. When the pasta was done and plated, he took Piper out of the playpen. She whimpered and cuddled against him.
Piper sat on her bedroom floor building a city of blocks and Legos. She paid a little attention to her parents' conversation. Why were they so worried about her having friends? So what if the average age of her closest friends was 218.66 years? Papa's and Thor's age skewed the average. It's not that she didn't want friends her own age, but the only other three-year-olds she met blew a snot bubble and that was the end of that interaction. She grew tired of blocks and took out some of the math problems Daddy had given her last week. The problems varied in difficulty. Some would take her hours, some only minutes. She looked over the problem.
The last four days had gone relatively smoothly. Piper and Rune were near inseparable at times. It reminded Steve so much of himself and Bucky. Tony was right; he seemed to have made strides toward regaining Piper’s trust. But not Steve. She was wary of Steve.
She leaned against the padded wall tensing when the door opened. Sir marched in. He placed an iPad in front of her.
When Tony sent her on a search for weaponized prosthetic limb makers, this was the first place she thought of. People would sign away their souls for what they were physically missing, and fight in the ring until they paid off what was given in replacement. A debt that would never be repaid.
Tony's gaze locked on the blood. He took Steve's hand running, it under the water. The blood cleared seconds later. The cut had sealed. Steve moved his hand away, drying it on his pants.
Steve schooled his expression. There was no questioning the sincerity in Tony’s voice. His heart was racing. Tony loves him! The alpha only said because he thought him asleep. Those weren’t words the alpha said lightly. Would he ever say them aloud to him though? How could he sleep now? It was such a thrill. He nuzzled against Tony’s neck. Tony purr lulling him to sleep. Steve woke hours later. Tony was working on a virtual screen. His free arm was wrapped around him. The bruising on Tony’s chest and neck faded greatly since he’d fallen asleep. He smiled brightly.
“Get to the assets. Eliminated any unessential staff you encounter and protect the two assets. Once you're done, meet me at the air deck.”
The elevator opened. He'd forgotten to take his prenatal vitamins. Steve groaned. All he wanted was to eat and sleep for next week. He didn't want to go down to the garage and get them. Well, why not ask a small favor of his loving mate. He settled on the couch. It took a while to get comfortable. Tony made himself a drink.
Steve awoke only a couple of hours later, snuggly pressed against Tony. Steve dry heaved. Once he untangled himself, he ran to the nearest the bathroom, but didn’t make it and threw up in the hall. Steve groaned. He glanced back at his studio. Tony was still asleep.
That smile. There was something to it. She imagined him with longer hair and a sullen expression. The image it brought forth made her drop the photo. Its glass cracked. It had to be an eerie coincidence. Bucky would be older than Papa. It was only a coincidence. Bucky fell off a cliff no normal human could survive such a fall. There was no other way to make sense of it.
"Cure isn't the right word. I could put that side of you behind a mental wall." Piper willingly accepting Stage 2 would make things much easier for Lena; make the girl more acquiescent to suggestions under meditative hypnosis.
“No, insult at all. In that era, psychology was rather primitive. It has evolved greatly. There’s no longer that stigma,” said Barny.
She left. Steve was grateful for her absence. She seemed nice, but having another near his alpha during this time was agitating.
Tony jolted awake when he felt anger surging through his bond with Steve. Something happened. It wasn’t the panic angered of an episode. This was pure rage. He went to the training room, stopping when he heard Steve beating the ever-living hell out of a punching bag. It took three hours for it to stop. Steve sat slouched on the floor. Sand dusted the ground. The deflated leather casing of punching bags scattered the room. There were several large dents in the wall. He could smell blood. Wincing at the sight of Steve’s hands. Dark purple and green bruises stained them. Several of the omega’s fingers were broken. Two of the fractures pierced through the skin. He quietly moved to Steve’s side, sitting down next to him. Steve rested his head against his shoulder.
“I need Stark working at 100% on the scepter. He can’t do that when he’s worried about you. So for everyone’s sake work it out,” she said.
Winter spotted the injury. It was nothing fatal, but it wasn't pleasant to look at. He took a cloth from the sink and soaked it in cool water. Then he pressed it gently against the pup's eye. Piper whimpered.
Someone was calling for him. A deep rumbling sound helped freed him from the terror of his memory. A calming hand continued to run through his hair.
This side of Piper was so limited. The skills that she gained while here were diminished in this state. Only muscle remained. Her combat skills were fully intact.
“No, it’s awesome. I like eating food, but I can’t say I have much interest in making it. It’s okay if we like different things. We still have a good time. And I will always be happy to try out whatever you make,” said Piper.
Tony knew it was an excuse. "When you find those words, tell me. We want to know what's going on with you."
“No, no, please don’t cry," begged Pepper. She bounced Piper gently on her hip. Instead of crying, Piper spat up all over her shirt. Tony was smirking, having just entered the kitchen. “Don’t say anything."
Steve simply nodded. He stopped himself from moving his hand over his stomach. There was nothing for him to shield there. In all likelihood, there never would be. He pushed down the lingering thought. It belonged to the past.
She hadn't seen Helmut and Carl for months. Work or duty pulled them away from home. Carl deserved so much better, but this was the life they chose. While they were gone Helmut's grandparents watched Carl. Gloria and Henry were a godsend. Every day she called Carl and always made sure to be home for his birthday.
The air went static, as if it were moments away from a thunderstorm. The lights in the room flickered.
Several locks of her hair fell onto the article, preventing her from reading the rest. Clumps of her hair continued to fall.
“Do you not want to do this?” asked Tony backing off. He was many things, but he'd never force himself on an omega.
His answer hit her hard. It felt as if a bucket of ice water had been dumped on her. Sir had been keeping her so busy she had hardly thought of escape. By the time she returned to her room, she was mentally and physically drained. She'd fallen asleep on her feet a few times. The only reason she'd gotten into bed those times was due to Winter carrying her there.
Tony felt a weight leave his shoulders. The sleeping being was unaffected by what he said. He placed another gentle kiss on Steve’s temple. It would be some time till he was ever able to say it aloud to Steve, but for this one moment, it was enough for him.
Winter looked back at the jet. Piper was peaking through the vents of her crate. Those innocent blue eyes were peering at him. This would likely be the last time he saw them. He waved to her before putting on his mask. The cargo door of the jet closed shut.
Steve nuzzled against Tony's neck, paying particular attention to the claim mark he placed there. Together they eased back into bed.
"There's nothing to explain! I was your replacement for him!” snarled Tony, before his faceplate slid shut.
Tony rubbed his temples. He wasn’t expecting to talk about this. The visit was supposed to be all about the baby.
He trudged into the elevator, stepping out on the research floor. The lab space was littered with half-finished projects, tools strewn underfoot. Tony was asleep at his desk. Sleep did nothing to ease the stress in his expression.
It was too late for him to erase the thought from his mind. There was no forgetting it now. He nuzzled against Steve's neck and fell asleep.
He should leave, but he couldn’t find it in himself to do that. Tony wandered into Lego World. They'd spent countless hours putting together the different worlds. A Lego version of the Avenger Tower stood at the center of the tiny universe. He looked for the Avenger figures trying to find where it each was.
Tony held his hand, walking him down the hall to his office. Steve tensed when he saw Turner sitting at Tony's desk.
“A profound state of unease or dissatisfaction. It sometimes accompanies depression, anxiety, or agitation. Common reactions include emotional distress; in some cases, even physical distress can occur,” said Jarvis.
Her curiosity got the best of her. She peeked out from the blanket. He went from stalking angrily around the cell to clutching his head in a tight ball making inhuman sounds. It went like this for two hours until he fell to the center of the floor holding his head. His breathing heavy and body soaked in sweat. She knew the deep mixture of fear and confusion in his expression. Once before she’d seen it with Papa before Daddy hurried her off to her room.
“I’ll leave you with the address. If he’s not interesting, you’ll get the thrill of telling me I told you so,” said Fury.
He nodded. Steve packed a bag so Piper would have something to do. She got fussy if she didn't have something to engage her mind. He set up a play area for not far from the sparing mat for her.
He looked over the pup. She seemed fine. Actually, she was calmer than usual, less twitchy. She wasn’t dazed. Should he tell her about the boy? He shook his head. There was no point.
“Just as much of a smartass as your father,” she muttered. Her frail arms wrapped around his neck. She smelled of jasmine tea and a light floral perfume. He flinched as she slapped him on the back of the head before breaking the embrace.
Phil nodded. Steve returned to his room. The weight on his shoulders was slightly less, but he expected it to return. He turned on the shower. The hot water was wonderful. Steve tried not to linger for too long. He’d already kept Coulson waiting. Once he was dressed, he took Howard’s letter from its hiding place. He tucked the letter into his jacket pocket. Steve went to the parking garage, where Phil was waiting for him. The beta pulled up in a black car. The front door opened.
Gunfire clinked off his armor. He was forced to manually engage the weapon system. Throwing the weaponized capsule, setting it off with a blast. “That’s two.”
She ate. The door of the room flung open Lena appeared uninvited and unwanted before them. Winter quietly moved closer to her and Piper, in turn, pressed closer to the alpha.
“I need your fingers.” Tony scooped her up, placing her in his lap. She easily connected the two wires he’d been working on.
Lena entered the room both assets were out cold. She injected each of them with a sedative. Jeff and Kevin came in moments later. One of them puked.
Steve raised his shield as Natasha pointed her scavenged weapon at him. She swiftly lowered it. They both took a moment to catch their breath.
Tony instantly woke up. The scent of Steve's desire was all he could smell. Slick soaked the blankets underneath them. Steve sighed, arching off the bedding slightly as he ran his fingers down his stomach. He whined, spreading his legs, encouraging him to come closer. Tony moved atop his omega, hiding the gorgeous being from view. He slid off the insulting cloth, shielding his prize, releasing more of the beautiful scent. He brushed his fingers through those golden brown locks. Tony licked Steve’s neck, causing the omega to shiver.
Winter's brow scrunched trying to figure out the right words. The task grew in difficulty when she started crying. What he was saying clearly wasn't working.
Jeff picked up the little girl. She was coated in blood from head to toe. They muzzled and restrained both assets.
He tried not to get too upset. They were old men who'd lived a long fulfilling life. That was something to be celebrated.
Besides the fact that he was a chauvinistic asshole, no. If Becker’s treatment hadn’t caused any ill effect yet she doubted that it would crack the metal foundations and wall she’d set up within in Piper’s mind. But she didn't like it. Her most prized project was in the hands of an ape.
“If I hadn't already meet Piper, I would. But, I won't deny that she's an interesting case and that I am fascinated. But she's damaged, and I believe changing to another doctor would only encourage her to close herself off further."
He caught it, seconds before it could hit his face, then threw back it at her. She laughed, ripping out another page, tossing it at him. Soon, paper balls were being flung across the room. Winter dodged and tumbled around freely, despite the enclosed space. She laughed. His seriousness made it all the more humorous. By the end, all that was left of her books were the covers and a mess of crumpled pages on the floor. She jumped into the pile of paper, making a snow angel of sorts. Fun. How long had it been since she last had
Steve nodded meekly. He understood. The things that made Piper so much like her father weren't present in Tony currently. She had Tony's smile. If Tony were to smile it would cause the same reaction in him. There was little risk of him seeing it now. Neither one had a reason for such an expression.
“I don’t know why you have such animosity toward me, Mr. Stark. I don’t enjoy this alpha posturing,” said Edith.
Two days since Piper was kidnapped and there was nothing. How could there be nothing? Piper’s face was plastered on every news channel. Jarvis and S.H.I.E.L.D. operatives around the world hadn’t spotted her.
It was an impossible dream that she’d given up years ago. That kind of domestic life wasn’t available. She could experience it through Clint. That was enough.
“You will be free to go once we’ve cleared you. You’ll remain under observation but won’t be disturbed. I’ll give you time to decide. You’ll stay in a safe house from the time being,” said Fury.
"I doubt the U.S. will have to unify together against England for a fight against independence again."
Thinking through the process allowed her to relax. But again she was at a disadvantage. She was separated from Winter and Rune. And didn’t know how long the separation would last. Sir’s punishment wouldn’t be the only one she faced. Lena would likely enforce some level of discipline when she returned.
“There's nothing wrong with wanting more; you have to be realistic. Stark isn’t the easiest person to build a connection with, but unlike so many who share your crush. You stand a chance. It’s clearly not one-sided,” she said.
Winter watched as the pup began to wake, scowling when he saw their meal had arrived. It was a dinner menu. The change meant nothing to him. The quality of his food had improved greatly since the pup's arrival. But this would upset her. It wasn't only the meal, but also, the timing. It was 04:00. Their meal's arrival was four hours early. The smell of food caused the pup stir.
He paused on a page resting the book on his lap. Piper was an amazing child. He truly looked forward to seeing what the future held for her. Children had never been something he'd thought about. It wasn't an option now, of course. Piper was probably the closest he'd ever come. Her parents were some of the few that would ever trust him with a child. He returned to his book.
Steve quickly jotted down a list and handed it to him. He grabbed his Mark 5 suit. The suit melded to him.
The hours ticked by steadily as they worked through the subjects. Lena's problems were difficult and managed to stump her several times. But Piper refused to ask for help. She didn't want to ask Lena. As much as she hated admitting it, Lena was a good teacher that managed to challenge her.
Thankfully, by the time they reached the hotel, Piper was asleep. They checked into their room, quietly shutting the door shut behind them. Tony was exhausted after listening to their daughter cry for one hour and thirty minutes straight.
Peggy Carter would send Tony science fiction books while he was at boarding school to give him a break from academics. They proved to be the inspiration for many of his projects.
Did he really have to dignify that with an answer?! Of course, he had to because Tony would take it as a personal victory if he didn’t. Why did Tony have to be like this?!
Tony flinched. The image of his suffering mate sped before his mind. His heart gave a painful throb. Thinking of the pain it was causing Steve and their daughter was overwhelming. He clutched the seat in front of him, fighting the anger feral alpha.
“Thor, you got to try and bottleneck that portal. Slow them down. You got the lighting light the bastards up,” said Steve.
“The symptoms were obvious. To be sure, I scanned you while you were sleeping. You are approximately nine days along,” said Jarvis.
Steve groaned awake. A fire lit under his skin, undamped by the sheen of sweat on his skin. The heat was there but the all-consuming need wasn’t there.
Steve hated the waiting. He paced the room with Piper in his arms. He didn’t want to put her down. She’d long since fallen asleep. Strapped to his back was his shield. This was the first time he’d taken up since Piper was born. This was a worthy reason, protecting his mate and their child.
He curled up in a ball. Raising his head when heard someone grow near. The scent was familiar but not in a good way.
The omega constant snarls were starting to bother Killian. He strode over to him. The foolish creature didn’t know how to act.
Bruce led Tony away. Steve wished he could understand Tony on the front the same front as Banner. Steve wanted to check up on his alpha, making sure he didn’t press Bruce to far. Before he could Thor pulled him aside.
“Normally, I would be completely transparent with a parent unless it was harmful to a child. But Piper and Rune are extraordinary cases. They are much aware than most children in their age range. I’ll tell you wants relevant, but they need to trust me, and that means keeping some things from you.”
“Happy take my car and get some lunch. We can pack up. I’ll call you for pick up,” said Tony tossing over his keys.
Piper nodded. She hung by her knees, looking down at her. Bloom held up her phone. On it was a picture of her family. Bloom was sitting with a woman with wild curly dark red hair.
"If you weren't my teacher I'd’ve been hurt a lot worse. And I think I was against a half-blood," said Piper.
Piper turned her head to the side, smiling when she saw a familiar form sitting in the chair near her bed. But, as her vision cleared, she whimpered. His face was swollen and bruised. His wounds were untreated. Why hadn't they healed Winter?
Steve never knew his father. He was only a pup when the man died. His pup would know its father. He so wanted that for his baby - a family. Not only for the child, but also for himself.
Piper spared a quick glance in his direction, briefly acknowledging he was there before returning her attention to her lego project. The artic landscape was almost done. She was working on the final touches to Elsa's Castle.
Tony kissed Steve's stomach before getting out of bed. He threw on a pair of pajama pants and a band t-shirt.
He didn’t hear the alpha. All he could hear was a plane engine roaring in his ear. He was falling! Steve went fell to the ground but the sensation didn't end. The room was spinning. He couldn’t breathe. A chill swept over him.
She sighed. Great, some washouted actor who would use Tony for the publicity. How could Tony think this was a good idea?
Piper was an easy baby, not posing many of the challenges most infants did, so most of his days were spent coming up with new ways to stimulate her mind. Even with her limited vocabulary, she could get her message across without crying. She was already answering yes and no questions. The only issued he'd been having with her was teething.
Winter's posture drastically change. Becoming defensive ready to attack or protect. His broken fingers formed a fist. He thrummed with anger. It was clear how he felt about the idea.
"Yes, and I was hurt. I woke in agony with a car battery connected to my chest. And I had no sense of where I was."
“Normally, he’s guarded slow to let others near. Yet you managed to crack through his armor in days,” said Natasha.
“Something size of a poppy seed has the power to keep you about puking all night,” said Tony. It was still small enough for him to joke about. He wouldn’t be able to do that for much longer.
Winter caught the lie but was more concerned with the distress currently leaking from the pup, so he waited for her to say more.
A few minutes later, it was over. He closed his legs. Star turned away so that he could have some privacy. She’d seen that look before far too often for her liking. The shame was so evident in his crystal blue gaze. Someone forced himself upon the hero, most likely when he was small and unable to protect himself.
That explained his migraine. Tony slowly sat up. The ache in his chest lessened in enough for him to stand.
Piper was left alone in her new cell. She hated it. Not knowing what else to do she settled in Winter’s favorite corner. It was double the size of her previous one. A slotted glass wall divided the cell halves. She wouldn't be able to be near Winter. Was this some sort of new punishment? When she asked Lena, she was told it was for the sake of progress. Piper had no idea went that meant. Would she be taken away from him? She sat in the empty room, hugging her legs close and started crying. Scared and alone, with no one or anything to bring her the slightest comfort.
A bed came into view. There was motion underneath the deep purple covers. He yanked away the blanket. Two omegas dressed in lingerie jolted when they saw him.
They talked for a few more minutes before moving on. Steve retreated to his seat again his feet were killing him. Thor took a seat beside him.
Steve ran to the window. An alpha male dressed in black was running from the apartment. It was the same alpha who attacked him when he was pregnant with Piper. Steve sprinted down the fire escape after him.
Knowing he was there calmed her down enough to concentrate. Her other senses further intensified to make up for her temporary lack of sight. The scent of leather infiltrated her senses. Its smooth surface was placed snuggly against her face.
Tony smiled. Steve sunk into the water hot water. Tony got in behind him. The tension left him. His nausea faded as the smell of distress washed away. He purred as Tony groomed him. When clean, he got out of the tub—Steve towel-dried his hair.
“They were all low ranking mercenaries. All were tied to different organizations. They were paid by an anonymous source. And given specific instructions that would drawl S.H.I.E.L.D’s attention,” she said.
In 1941 Lillie P. Bliss gave a great deal of her art collection to the MoMA. That donation made the foundation of the MoMa's collection. During the Great Depression, they sold three pieces of the Bliss collection to buy Starry Night.
Steve nodded, but he didn’t want the scent to leave him. It was a reminder of the first perfect heat he had.
She took a spoonful of the oatmeal. It shook in her hand. Then it dropped from her grip. She pushed the tray away.
Steve grabbed his gym bag, while Tony made himself a drink. Steve took the alpha's glass away, and circled his arms around Tony’s chest affectionately, rubbing his cheeks against Tony's neck, transferring his scent.
He walked into a bloody scene. The scent of blood mixed the scents a terrified and calmed omega and angered alpha. By the overpowering stench of Captain Rogers heat. Several of his team gagged.
“7 pounds five ounces. 18 inches.” She placed Piper's feet in black inkpad, pressing her feet against a piece of paper. Christina washed the ink from Piper's tiny feet. They went to the master bedroom.
Piper murmured in her sleep. Her dazzling blue eyes opened, their pure color mostly hidden by the largeness of her pupils.
“Piper, we are kids. I want to be a kid,” said Rune softly. He wasn’t sure what they were treated like before, but he was sure that wasn’t how it was supposed to be for people their age.
Steve enjoyed the walk, knowing he could handle any threat that appeared. He hadn’t told Tony about the idiots who had tried mugging him. That encounter ended with twelve broken bones between the two attackers. Steve pushed open the door to Fogwell’s gym. The room was painted blue and smelled dusty. It was so old fashion, Steve felt perfectly comfortable there. He was probably one of the few omegas to come here. In his time, omegas weren’t allowed in boxing gyms unless they were arm candy to the alphas that ran them. When he was young, he would climb onto the dumpster outside the gym and watch the alphas box, trying to learn. That was so long ago.
Paninya led the way into a women’s bathroom. Natasha locked the door behind them. Clearly it was one meant for the help, instead of the guests. Paninya was a moment of weakness. Natasha had killed Paninya’s debt holder, earning the beta her freedom. The beta then took her master’s riches and turned them into her own. No longer a battle ring slave, she became an engineer.
“Hey, beautiful. You’ve gotten yourself into some trouble." He was relieved to see those blue eyes. The fear vanished from Steve’s expression and his heart rate calmed. "Sleep," he commanded, lacing as much alpha authority into the single word.
Tony sat at the edge of the nest, waiting for permission to enter. He didn't risk angering the beauty by forcing his way through. Whimpering forced him to drop his guard. The omega was pouting. It was irresistible. He moved the suit out of Steve’s direct line of sight, earning him access to the nest. They wouldn't be leaving its sanctuary anytime soon. Steve licked and kissed at his chin, a submissive gesture. The omega rolled onto his back, baring his neck.
Tony flew toward the engine, taking stock of the damage. Quickly processing the information transmitting in his helmet. “I’ve got to the superconducting cooling system back online before I can access the rotors and work on dislodging the debris."
How many were affected by trying to replicate the results that made him? It was for the best that formula was lost.
“I’m three.” There were many things out of her range of understanding. But she didn’t want to think about a cat that was half-alive and half-dead at the same time. "So, it's a zombie?"
"Yeah, that makes sense." He took a seat beside the kid, looking over the shadows. “Think about it. Six dead only five shadows."
The desperate tone was enough to take Tony over the edge. They moaned as his knot locked them together. Their breathing was heavy. Tony licked over his omega’s scent gland. Every part of him wanting to sink his teeth into Steve's pale beautiful neck, but he couldn’t, not yet. His knot slowly went down. He pulled out of his omega. His seed leaked from Steve. The omega closed his legs. The heat haze cleared his mind. He lay motionless on the floor. Tony’s hand ran gently over his stomach in a circular pattern. The soothing touch soothed the fire under his skin. Steve turned on his side. He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. The alpha's eyes were fully dilated. He entered feral state. Steve hoped Tony's mind would return soon.  He’d probably have only today before he entered the same frame of mind. Steve slowly sat up. There were small oval-shaped bruises on his hips.
Steve nodded. She dropped her clipboard as she turned around. Steve caught it. Her cheeks turned red.
"Start with the cake tasting at Fantasy Frosting. Jarvis has already put it in your calendar," said Pepper.
Tony groaned. It was better than no response at all. He lifted Tony bridal style, carrying him to the master bathroom. Steve placed him gently on the floor. Steve went to the tub, letting it reach a lukewarm temperature. He undressed Tony. Steve hung the IV bag on a hook.
The alert went off when Tony was about to walk out on stage. Tony was nearly brought to his knees brought fear, distress, and worry coursing through his bond.
His attention focused on one of the photos. Six men struggled together to raise the American flag. It summed up so much of the struggle.
He tackled her, growling, canines sharpening as he bared them. She could’ve easily escaped his hold but didn't. Rune wasn't even using a fraction of his strength. After a minute of staring awkwardly at each other, she got fed up. Instead, she caught him in a bear hug, pinning his arms to his sides, refusing to loosen her own hold until he relaxed. His arms slipped free and wrapped around her. Her face was hidden in his chest with him being so much taller than her, but she could still feel him cry.
Lena was already out the door. Piper jumped out of bed. As soon as she touched the door a pulse of electricity surged through her. She wasn’t sure how long she stayed curled on the ground. Piper was wary of testing her new enclosure. She climbed back into bed. Piper fell back into the mattress.
She understood her actions fully and weighed the consequences. Piper didn’t regret it. There was little they could do to change her mind. If they did, it would only strengthen her stance.
When he looked back at them from the doorway, he couldn't find it in himself to leave. He settled in the reading chair, hoping the pups would not mind his presence.
The surgical assistant quickly undid the straps. Tony sat near Steve’s head. He ran his fingers over Steve’s neck. He wouldn’t leave him. The omega’s eyes snapped opened soon the first incision was made.
Tony read it over several times. It seemed to be the oldest. He couldn't voice it, so he gave it to Steve. The omega choked back a sob, before wailing. It shook Tony core - the sound Steve made was near inhuman. Hearing that unnatural cry coming from his mate was wrong. The powerful man he fell in love with was crumbling before him and there was little he could do to help. Tony was on the brink himself. Every day was a battle against drinking. So, he did all he could and held Steve tightly.
Steve pulled up his pants. His legs were pleasurably numb. He managed to sit up. Steve took Tony’s hand, entwining their fingers.
“It’s okay.” She wanted to cry. Not for herself, but for Winter. He was hollow. Only small bits and pieces of a man, not even enough to make a fraction of a person.
A shot rang out, grazing her cheek. She screamed. Her focus now aimed at the alphas cowering against the wall.
"Tony, I'll be fine. If you get worried have Jarvis pull up the footage of me. I'm not going anywhere," said Steve.
Steve could watch Tony for hours in the lab and he had. But it had been a while since they’d spent time together like that. Steve loved to curl up on the lumpy couch in Tony’s lab. Waking up to Tony’s coat or a blanket draped around him always made him feel loved and cared for.
The slide was titled Anthony Edward Stark. Steve picked up on the similarities between father and son. The alpha shared Howard's intense gaze. It sent a pleasurable shiver down his spine. There was something different between the two. He couldn’t put his finger on what though. Steve turned red when he started slicking.
“A babysitter till fourteen why doesn’t that surprise me,” said Steve. He rubbed Watson’s tummy. “Why was his relationship with Howard so strained?”
“You’re a fast learner. I appreciate that. It will make things easier in the long run. If you behave you'll find out I'm actually a reasonable man."
"Seventeen hours," he said. Natasha looked nervously at Steve. Clint gently patted her shoulder. "He's survived worse than this."
Tony drew closer, but a snarl forced him back. He knew the signs and what was coming next. His mate was verging on an episode. And knew Steve wouldn't want anyone seeing him like that.
Winter was tempted to ask of the pup but he feared the answer. He followed Dr. Zemo to an examination room. She performed the basic run through. The beta tossed a set of white scrubs at him. He instantly stripped, changing into his new uniform.
He shot from the bed. It was too soon to have this conversation. Steve grabbed him, stopping him from leaving.
He went to the closet where Tony was deciding between two near-identical jackets. There was always the chance, but now that idea was stated it worried him. If anyone were having Tony’s pups it was him.
Howard should have let him go. Bringing this kind of power into the world wouldn't do anything good.
“We don’t have to talk about it now, Steve but we do have to talk about it. I don’t want to wait until you’re too far gone to understand,” he said.
Citizen Cane - is a 1941 American drama film by Orson Welles, its producer, co-screenwriter, director and star. The picture was Welles's first feature film. Nominated for Academy Awards in nine categories, it won an Academy Award for Best Writing
"What would you suggest?" asked Steve. His inner omega snarl at the prospect of another alpha. It was set on Tony. Steve couldn't deny the attraction.
“One day when he was patrolling the shore he stumbled upon a chick. She was all alone. He searched the beach for her parents but there was no one around. The brave little chick clumsily walked forward, pressing against his warm feathered belly, happily peeping. They both were no longer alone. Theodore patted her with his fin, promising to always be there for her."
Clint and Natasha nodded. She took the stat phone from her bag and called Phil. He picked up on the first ring.
She thrashed against him, snapping her sharp teeth at his neck. Then she smirked, kneeing him in the crotch. He groaned, going to his knees.
He stomped on the sleeping man's hand there no response, but Piper caught the small flicker of his eyes. She pressed back into the corner, forcing them to come closer, and whined softly. The no-longer-sleeping alpha sprung, snapping an approaching beta’s neck.
Piper tossed a grape into her mouth. Daddy winked at her easily doing the same. She watched as her parents talked. Something was wrong with Papa. He wasn't showing it in his face, but it was there. She wanted to fix it, make him feel all better. If only he told her what was wrong so she could do that.
Tony shed his clothes as he walked to the shower. The water was set to the perfect temperature. It soothed his aching bruised body. The shower door opened. Steve came up behind him, gently nosing against his neck. Tony turned to kiss him. Steve carefully washed his wounds. They felt refreshed once done. The doorbell rang.
They took a seat on a bench outside the emergency room doors. The spies' faces were schooled, but their tapping feet revealed their true feelings.
“Most alphas have become more well-manner. There are still staunch traditionalists who believe omegas are meant to be barefoot and pregnant, but their numbers are shrinking,” said Barny.
"You don't." Pepper saw through the lie. If he did, then she'd be more willing to make an exception into burrowing into his private life. Tony wouldn't be able to keep a secret lover from her. He would want to show off after the thrill of the secrecy wore off. Even if that were true, she'd remember that scent.
They talked the entire drive, neither growing bored of what the other had to say. Tony pulled into the entrance of S.H.I.E.L.D. Steve groaned when he saw Kate.
They told him he was free to do as he wished when he wasn’t on duty. Why did they need to know his location at all times? He wasn’t a threat to S.H.I.E.L.D and was entitled to a private life. They were the ones who insisted on him getting out in the world in the first place. Maybe they needed him for a mission.
“It’s my job!" No matter how much he wanted to leave Rumlow to whatever problem he’d gotten into. But there was more at stake than just a rescue mission. Those weapons had to be destroyed before they could cause any harm.
Rumlow was caught off guard by the outburst. The monitor on the cell showed a spike in his heart rate. Winter’s constant irritating calm was broken for a moment.
"You choose what path you take, Tony. It may have the same begin, but that doesn't mean it's the same. You can decide where this goes or how fast you take it. Tony, you know what's important. You won't get lost. And if by some chance you do I'll find you."
Steve nodded. Tony grabbed his hand, hurrying them into the bedroom. He pushed Steve gently into bed. The omega smiled below him. Tony quickly shed his remaining clothing. It would be Steve's first time having sex outside of heat. The alpha loved the idea. He’d make sure to make it a night Steve remembered.
“You know you should come to Stark Tower sometime. The top ten floors are all R&D you’d love it, its candy land,” said Tony, picking up a tool.
Steve grabbed the man’s arm before he could disappear, dragging him into the gym, slamming the door behind him, causing the glass to shatter.
“My mom already left for the diner and Dad went to 7-Eleven to get scratchers. I guess he won because that was six years ago,” he said.
Lena arrived at the lab late that night. She was exhausted. Her techs were nowhere to be found. Likely hiding from her. She didn't want to see them anyway. The sample she needed was in the fridge and the scans were on the computer.
“I understand,” said Steve. He really did, but it wasn’t an easy idea. One he didn’t want to believe.
She started tearing up. “They hurt Winter and Rune because of me!” She lunged at him, hiding her face in his chest.
"Babies come early all the time. If they don't believe that, we can use your biology as an excuse. I doubt anyone will notice," she said.
He hung up. Tony was caught in a hug as soon entered the room. Steve may not be having his heat this time around, but he was still craved contact. He didn’t have the security of going through heat with him. Steve grabbed his shield, tucking it into a garment bag. Being taken on vacation with to foreign country. His mother would be thrilled. Not so much that him still not being married.
“I won’t weekly progress reports from him.” She knew Becker would likely skew or exaggerate an element of any report she received from him, but cipher through what was real and fake.
It was a feminine voice, but the scent was alpha. He recognized the scent vaguely. It was alpha scent he found on Steve when he first picked up for heat.
"If you even try to break the glass. Your friend Pepper will suffer the same fate. I'm sure she won't be able to handle half as well as you," he said.
He smirked. So sensitive even out of heat. He’d enjoy this. Steve fell asleep. He ran his fingers through the omega’s hair. Tony smiled as Steve purred in his sleep.
Killian stepped in front of him. Those flaming orange eyes glared down out him. Steve did not break the stare.
“I like nonsense; it wakes up the brain cells,” said Lena. It only seemed appropriate that the girl’s awakening phrase would come from her favorite author. There was something to the irony of it, which Lena enjoyed.
