John was quiet for a moment, pursing his lips as he deliberated. “Fair enough,” he murmured, and he felt the smugness radiating off of Sherlock beside him, pleased as punch that he’d gotten his way.
“I’ll reimburse you.
… but brune, brown, was always last.
Sherlock was not a man of faith, the only things he put any stock in being those which could be scientifically proven. Blessings, coincidences, fate; the universe was rarely so lazy as to promote mere
“You’re ridiculous,” Sherlock narrowly avoided sputtering, and turned on his heel to storm off towards the bed.
he’s with me,” Sherlock repeated with an air of finality, and Lestrade, likely despite his better judgement, decided not to question it. John could only imagine how confusing it must be for the man, dealing with a freelance detective and his therapist turning up unannounced at a murder scene.
The younger man - Sherlock? - tossed his head back with an affronted scoff. “Are you really so daft as to think that Mycroft isn’t already well aware of what’s going on? I had faith in you, Lestrade. I really did.” His contemptuous tone gave away his insincerity in his last statements, however, and his brow furrowed as he suddenly took great interest in the nails of his left hand.
Or, rather, this morning, John thought to himself with despair as he caught sight of the clock on his bedside table. The ex-army doctor sat up in his bed, his tee-shirt close to soaking with perspiration and clinging to his heaving chest, his vision swimming as he fought to regain some semblance of composure.
of generosity and he couldn’t imagine he’d ever doubted the morality of the genius before him in the first place. And then he’d acted on impulse - and it was very likely something that had been building for days or even weeks - and he’d kissed him.
“I’m not implying anything!” Sherlock said with mock-innocence, stepping aside and sauntering slowly towards the door, “I’m sure Sally dropped by for a late-night study session and just
wasn’t expecting John.
Thank you all again for your patience, and, as always, thank you for clicking your way here, reading, leaving kudos, commenting; anything and everything is so, so appreciated.
“Mm.” Sherlock’s hum of agreement was followed by a brief silence, before the raven-haired detective spoke up again. “You said you listened to your therapist. What did your therapist tell you?”
, gris
“Well, hold on,” John cut it, materialising seemingly out of nowhere at Sherlock’s shoulder, “we don’t know that. If they had a flight, it may have been booked for today.”
“No one saw a bag, Sherlock,” Lestrade tried reassuring him, but Sherlock was hearing none of it.
The soft, golden light that illuminated the small room did nothing to mollify John’s nerves as a shadow on the wall cast by a chair made his heart leap into his throat, the phantom screams of innocents from his dreams roaring in his ears with his frantic heartbeat.
And that's all they wrote.
“Well,” John began, “I can’t
“Does it matter?” She answered, the corner of her lips quirking up in an amused smirk as she finished with one set of lashes and moved to apply the next. “I’ll leave it up for interpretation. What do you think I look like?”
“Near Heathrow? The Airport?” John asked, and Sherlock didn’t have to look to know there was a perplexed furrow in the man’s brow.
“Obviously.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “But, seeing as I am now
He watched Matvei jerk his head up in Pavel’s direction in a silent demand, and Pavel proceeded to check around the wooden flats that Sherlock had emerged from behind. Thankfully, his search didn’t take him to John’s new hiding place before he wandered back to join his brother, where he snatched the phone from Sherlock’s hand.
John blinked as his body caught up to his brain, and he made after Sherlock; but not before looking at Sally and giving her a once-over, her skirt baring her lightly-bruised knees to the world, and the devious, knowing grin that fought its way onto his face couldn’t be schooled, so he turned to quickly follow Sherlock inside before it overwhelmed him.
Rosamund Watson, on the other hand, does not do any of those things. No; when Rosamund Watson is at all upset, she
Sherlock never really considered himself all that skilled in the art of comforting; and his evening failing to calm Rosie supported his claim. But if John needed comforting, then damn it all, he would try to provide as much comfort as he could. He takes a breath, and moves.
(See the end of the chapter for
John breathed through gritted teeth, ducking his head to tap the butt of his gun against his temple agitatedly – because of fucking
you want to get clean?”
“I could be wrong,” John began, “but I
“I will.” The statement was punctuated by a yawn, and John’s chest expanded at the sight of the skin at the bridge of Sherlock’s nose crinkling adorably as a hand came up to self-consciously cover his agape mouth. “Mm,” the man hummed when he’d finished yawning, eyes closing as his head nuzzled into the pillow.
“Watson!” Greg, his shaggy dark brown hair all askew, nose painted black and whiskers drawn on his face, fangs in his mouth, and fur peeking out from the cuffs of his flannel, stumbled out from the sea of people to greet John with an enthusiastic clap to his shoulder. “Glad you could make it, mate. And this is- wow, this is incredible,” he commented, suddenly very serious as he inspected John’s neck, pointing at the gaping wound with a clawed finger. John had nearly forgotten about it.
“Whatever you’re willing to tell me,” John said gently. “Whatever you think might be important.”
“Oh, by all means, do as he says, help yourself,” Greg said with resignation. “Hurry up, the both of you.
John’s eyes narrow. “
, he’s made tea
“Of the nature I am currently using? Four years, eight months,” Sherlock answered decisively.
; who, mind you, is dead and buried.”
that implied, “nothing you wouldn’t be uncomfortable with sharing. Just… let me know how he’s doing. What he’s up to.”
Squinting against the golden light streaming in through the window near the bed, Sherlock gave a displeased groan at having been stirred from slumber by the familiar chime of his mobile. He burrowed his head further into the firm solidity of the chest in front of him in a futile attempt to escape the unwelcome summoning.
I'd like to take a moment to thank everyone for the lovely comments on the Note from the Author chapter I posted a couple days ago. In all honesty, this being my very first fic, I never anticipated the following I've somehow accrued. And such devoted followers; you've stuck with this story through thick and thin - the chapters I'm proud of, the ones I'm not-so-proud of, all my stumbles regarding continuity and delays in posting... I can't thank you all enough for just existing, let alone actually reading this and leaving kudos and commenting. You all are what keep me coming back to this work. And I will finish it; not just for myself, but for you guys, because you all deserve so much... this is the least I can do for you.
Sherlock let out a hefty sigh. "Just humour me, John."
His smile returned though when he came to stand in front of the two, and he extended his hand to the older man. “Hi,” he said, “I’m John. Are we here for an intake?” His eyes flitted between the man before him, and the youth who stood sulking a few paces away.
He did have to let go of Sherlock’s hand, though, however reluctantly, when they arrived at John’s flat; he quickly paid the cab driver and left a decent tip before he led the way out of the taxi, up the sidewalk, and through the front door. They walked in silence up the stairs and down the hallway, and wordlessly entered John’s flat. The quiet would have been odd, except John knew the precise reason for it; they were both exhausted. Sherlock wasn’t even a week sober, was running on little food and less sleep than John would like, and had had a gun pointed at his head on two separate occasions in one night. John himself could feel his eyelids drooping; he was sore, physically and mentally drained, concussed, and eager for a reprieve.
actually being his patient, effectively removing himself from the programme, which tilted John’s world on its axis. He’d done it so John wouldn’t fret about the sleeping situation after Sherlock had dragged him into the bed with him. And what was John supposed to make of that?
“-John, come.”
“You did,” Sherlock confirmed with a smile as he flopped down onto the bed on his back beside John, who rolled more fully onto his side to press his face into Sherlock’s shoulder.
Come along, John,” he called over his shoulder, and the doctor scampered to catch up with him as they made their way away from the pagoda and onto the pavement that ran alongside the river. It was there that Sherlock extracted the small note from his pocket and looked over its contents written in the hasty, uncoordinated scrawl of a child, smiling both out of fondness and satisfaction.
John nods, eyes widening. “Oh my
Sherlock pursed his lips. “Be sure to have people checking flight records and security footage from other airports, in case they’re trying to trick us by showing up a few minutes from Heathrow so we just look there,” he said, and ran a hand through his still-slightly-damp curls. “London City, Gatwick, Luton, Southend…” He let out a sigh and let his head loll back against the headrest.
A distant voice gradually came back into focus. “Sherlock? Sherlock. Hey. Come now, look at me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Who says I trust him?” John asked, perhaps a little too quickly, feeling something in his chest tighten.
“So, Sherlock Holmes,” John said, turning to face him once more and taking the smallest of steps closer, “how do you know Molly?”
I hope you all had a great week (Happy Thanksgiving to my American friends), and I hope you've had a fantastic start to your weekend! Now go, read, and enjoy!
“It’s not what you think, Doctor. Nothing
“But the view is so nice,” he crooned, and let out a yelp when Sherlock swatted at him with the towel, both of them dissolving into giggles.
He stood under a flickering streetlight just outside the shabby building and pulled out his notepad, flipping through the pages with trembling fingers, but he didn’t get to the list of names before he noticed that the writing on the page he was on was bleeding together. The black and blue ink was dripping down the page, inky spirals that looped around and into each other and spilled off the page, painting the ground, painting
said it was
He’d awoken to the sounds of water running through unfamiliar pipes, the late-morning light streaming through a window at an unfamiliar angle, the feeling of unfamiliar clothes adorning his frame, and the sensation of his bare hands and feet sliding against sheets of an unfamiliar thread-count. The lone factor that had kept him from launching immediately into a panic was the scent that he was met with; his mind had supplied for him the connection between the aroma that lingered with stale rainwater on the pillow under his head, with that of a small and familiar office, and a particular ex-army doctor.
on tea - John sidled up next to Sherlock in front of the lifts and crossed his arms. "I'll hazard a guess and say we're
Sherlock nodded. “A reasonable request,” he said, and sighed softly.
sake, Sherlock.” Sherlock could hear John’s hands scrubbing over his face. “I am
John had to laugh at the absurdity of the letter, written in an elegant hand. “Christ’s sake,” he murmured as he set the letter back down. He’d worry about unpacking later.
“Don’t worry, mate,” he said, “Mycroft will settle it all. Hell, you’ll probably have it back by tomorrow,” he muttered, though his words lacked heat; they were simply filled with the exhaustion that apparently came with dealing with the Holmes brothers and their antics. As suddenly prostrate as John felt, he was inclined to agree with the weariness in Greg’s voice.
John’s cheeks visibly flush in the darkness, and he averts his eyes. “Dunno,” he says
Hope you enjoyed! Thank you so much for reading, and to everyone who has commented and left kudos thus far, thank you so much for letting me know you enjoy the story, and for the kind words and opinions. All of you motivate me to keep churning out chapters. As we continue, please, don't hesitate to let me know what you think; your feedback as readers is paramount!
His last conscious thought was of how the pillow smelled of tannin and cheap, but subtle and pleasant cologne.
Sherlock affected a withering look. “It’s just cryptic enough for those of us who’d rather not have
The smile on Sherlock’s face was wolfish; he looked like the cat that caught the canary, self-satisfied, with a head swimming with wicked thoughts.
“There, better now?” he asked as he finished mopping the snot off her face. Without waiting for a response, he tucked the tissue back into his pockets and went back over to the pile of wooden slats that were supposed to form a crib, leaving Jackie to play with the blocks once more. Sitting down in front of the pile, Mycroft picked up the directions again and read through them, reading the directions in all the languages provided to see if they would give him any more clarity. They did not.
“No. He was an anomaly in the family. My grandmother was a witch, but it doesn’t seem a consistent trait that is passed down in my family.”
The ride home was quiet, Liz watching the world pass from behind the pane of glass.
“Yes, he’s fun.” Dr. Witter looked at his watch. “Liz, would you mind going out in the waiting room with Maisie for a minute?”
“Can I help you?” he asked, still not able to see clearly.
“Now!” John growled, pointing at the floor in front of him.
“Yes, we’ll take that one as well. Anything else you can think of, Gregory?”
“Yes, okay, but you should still drink more water.”
“For someone this cute, I wouldn’t mind at all,” John cooed at Jackie. “Sherlock, give your brother his baby back.” Sherlock handed Jackie back over to Mycroft as John went to the sink to wash his hands. Instantly, Jackie calmed down. Sherlock crossed his arms and leaned against the opposite counter, watching John. “She’s very comfortable with you. Can you sit on the table for me, Mycroft?”
“Okay.” Greg backed away a step, making sure Mycroft got out of the car before turning and unlocking the door to his building. He could feel Mycroft following him so he didn’t bother turning to make sure, just passed through the doors until he was finally in his flat. Mycroft closed the door behind him and stood there, looking unsure.
John heaved a put-upon sigh and hefted the paper. “Okay. A hard limit, or something that you will not do under any circumstances, is represented by a ‘no’. A zero indicates you have utterly no desire to do the activity and don’t like doing it, and would ordinarily object to it, but you would permit the Dominant to do it if they really wanted it. Sometimes referred to as a ‘soft limit’. One means you don’t want to do or like to do the activity, but wouldn’t object if it was asked of you. Two means you are willing to do the activity, but it has no special appeal to you. Three means you usually like doing the activity, at least on an irregular or occasional basis. Four means you like doing the activity, and would like to experience it on a regular basis. Five means the activity is a wild turn-on for you, and you would like it as often as possible.” John put the paper down by his side and locked eyes with Sherlock, brushing some of the hair off of his forehead. “Now, can you repeat those back to me, please?”
"Get out," The woman snarled, eyeing Mycroft's gun warily.
“That’s natural in any big change in one’s life,” Dr. Witter agreed readily. “But you’ve got a great support system in place, and I’m only an owl or phone call away.”
“You could, but you won’t. You know why?” Greg asked in a false cheery tone, intent on keeping Jackie quiet. “Because Mycroft’s got more of an influence in this town, hell in this country, than you and whoever you work for do. And you know that if you scream, sure you may be uncuffed for now, but more likely you’ll just be brought into custody where you will rot. And even if you are set free, there’s no way you’ll escape for long. Mycroft has people. Mycroft’s people have people. You will not win.” Greg shot a shark-like grin at the woman, who looked away from him.
“I gladly pass the reins over to you,” Mycroft said, moving to the side so Greg could take over cooking. “I shall go set the table.” Mycroft gathered plates from the cupboard and went into the dining room.
“Well aren’t you a tall drink of water?” the young man standing across from him said.
“It also means you have to listen to me when I tell you I’m tired and I don’t want to do something. There’s take and give in any relationship.” Mycroft was still regarding him coolly, but there was also a considering, calculating look in his eyes. “What, are you going to punish me for being tired?”
“I do,” Sherlock said. He put his hand on John’s shoulder, turning him so they were facing each other. “Go to bed, John. I know where the spare pillows and blankets are. I’ll be fine.”
“Hi Alice, hi Jackie,” John said. “Happy Easter!”
A couple months later, and the boys are celebrating Easter.
“I- must I?” Mycroft closed his hand around the knot of his tie protectively.
“No. Let us just rest here. Are you comfortable?”
“I know,” Mycroft said, grinning at Greg and kissing him sweetly on the lips. “And now I think it is time for bed.”
John’s head popped out from the kitchen, a frown furrowing his brow. “Now hold on,” he said, leaning more fully against the doorjamb. “Just because you’re a submissive doesn’t mean I expect you to sit at home on your hands all day, cooking and cleaning. Just as I wouldn’t expect a woman to do the same. Frankly, if that’s what determines whether you’re a good submissive or dominant, then I’m a shite dominant.”
“Should we go over what each number means again?”
The press of bodies was excruciating. One hundred dominants and one hundred submissives, all of whom had been successfully coded to crave one another. This was the first gathering of all of them at one time. There had been smaller focus groups and endless meetings with doctors to monitor his hormone levels, as well as meetings with therapists to discuss how to deal with things unique to the situation, such as subdrop and subspace, but never a large gathering.
“No, I can take the sofa,” John insisted.
“Thank you,” she whispered, suddenly shy again.
“You’re the best,” he murmured, watching Mycroft through half-lidded eyes.
“Did you just admit that you made a mistake?” Sherlock asked incredulously from the doorway, Jackie held on his hip.
“I know, I know,” Liz said. “Harry told us the same thing when Albus asked last week.”
“Carry me?” she asked quietly, looking down at the ground.
“I think there’s just enough room for the two of us.”
“Okay.”
“How are you both doing today?” he asked them.
“Feeling better?” Mycroft asked after a few minutes of cuddling.
“How was school this week?” Greg heard Mycroft ask through the door. Greg walked through the door, putting Charlie and Alice’s bag in the room they shared when they were staying at the flat. As he was exiting he saw Jackie come tottering towards him. She had started walking in the past few months, much to Mycroft’s chagrin. It was much harder to catch a running baby than a scooching baby when she put her mind to it.
“I’ll be right back, I’m going to go grab Sherlock,” John said. He went into their bedroom and was greeted with the sight of Sherlock, robe on and sitting on the edge of the bed. “Hey, love,” he whispered, walking to the edge of the bed and standing between Sherlock’s legs. He cupped his face in his hands. “Still waking up?”
“And is there any other way to magically track her?”
John gently opened the door, poking his head in. Sherlock was sitting on the white-washed bed on top of the cartoon sheets, knees drawn up to his chest and arms crossed on top. His Belstaff was fanned out behind him like a muddy cape.
“I have a proposition to make,” John said as he cradled his boy in his lap. “What if, during cases, you only have to eat breakfast in the morning and a light snack in the afternoon. Would that be acceptable to you?”
John’s breathing picked up and he jerked awake, sitting up with a shout of “No!” A sob tore from his throat and he tried to swing his legs out of bed, getting caught up in the sheets.
Pulling to the side, Mycroft landed a hard punch to Sara’s stomach. She leaned over and retched, bile stringing out of her mouth and onto the floor in front of her.
“Okay.” Greg got in on the passenger side of the car as the D.I. got in on the other side and started the car.
“I play football recreationally with some of the lads, and I like a good book every now and again. You?” Mycroft was momentarily distracted by the idea of Greg in tight shorts running around on a field and had to physically shake himself before answering the question.
“As I see it, you have two choices,” Mycroft continued when he got no response. “You can give me the information I’m looking for and leave here with nothing more than a few bruises and a broken collar bone, which you already came in with. Or, you can give me the information I need and leave here far more grievously injured, or possibly dead. But either way, you will reveal what I want eventually. It’s up to you.”
“Okay, let’s do this,” he said. “On three. One, two, three.” They both stood, Mycroft leaning heavily on Greg for support. They made their way to the bathroom one step at a time, Mycroft wincing the entire way. When they reached the toilet, Mycroft looked at Gregory.
“Yes, alright.”
“Yoo hoo,” she said, rapping her knuckles on the door before creaking it open. “Boys?”
“Just on the table there,” she said, pointing to the kitchen table that Sherlock was sat at.
Turning back into his flat, Mycroft looked down as Jackie’s stomach grumbled. “Still hungry?” he asked. “Well, I suppose we were going to try solids today, weren’t we? Alright, let’s see what we’ve got here.” Mycroft moved into the kitchen once more and took stock. Reaching into one of the bags he had yet to unpack, Mycroft pulled out a small container of pureed bananas and a baby spoon.
Hermione nodded as if expecting that answer.
“Wild or domesticated?”
John walked closer to the table and realized that Hermione was hunched over a map of London.
“Thank you,” he said politely, still unhappy at his parents.
Greg gaped at him for a moment. “I- what? You think I don’t care? God, are you thick? I literally sat here for hours waiting for you to come back and then waiting for you to wake up, and you think I did that because I don’t care? Where the hell did you pull that from?” Greg was ramping right back up. “Look Myc, I don’t know why the hell you think that would be the case, if something happened in your childhood or whatever, but I do care for you. Goddammit I haven’t felt an obligation to be here since after that first day. This has been, I hesitate to say now, nice. Really rather enjoyable, for all that we were being chased by bad guys. And before that, I really thought we were becoming friends, at least. More, hopefully. So don’t you dare pull that ‘not obligated’ shit out of your ass. I love you, Mycroft Holmes, and I love Jackie and I would love to be a part of your life if you’d let me!” Greg’s voice had not gone down in intensity, so he ended up partially screaming the last part.
“Alright,” Mycroft said after taking a deep, calming breath. “Strip down to your pants, and go kneel in the bedroom.” Quietly Greg got to his feet, slipping into their bedroom. Mycroft watched his sub leave and sighed, bracing himself for what he needed to do. Slowly he got to his feet, giving Greg enough time to get ready before he slipped into the bedroom, greeted with the sight of Greg on his knees by the bed. “Gorgeous,” Mycroft breathed. “So, why are we here, Gregory?”
“As I said, D.I. Nolan, a robbery gone wrong,” Sherlock said after a moment, stalking back towards John and the D.I. with Greg trailing behind him. “You’ll find the robber’s hair on the victim’s shoulder, and a piece of the attacker’s skin on his sleeve. He was wearing gloves when he came in, which is why there are no defensive marks on his hands. The robber tidied up after robbing the place, but there are scuffs in the dust marks where he put the frame back in place. I don’t think I’m needed here anymore.”
“Sounds great. That’s where we’ll say we had our first date, then,” Greg said. “And if we get asked anything that didn’t come up, leave the answers to me?”
Liz sat silently, hands fiddling with the hem of her t-shirt.
“Yes father.”
“Goodbye,” Sherlock called over his shoulder as he skipped down the stairs and to the car waiting for them.
“Anal plugs, public, under clothes, four.”
“Good, then,” Mycroft decided. He fed her the rest of the container to Jackie, happy that he had found something she liked to eat. When they had finished, he sat her on the floor, threw out the container and rinsed the spoon, putting it away.
Sherlock and John and a bit of how they interact on crime scenes.
“Is there anything specific you want to call us?”
Sherlock, meanwhile was donning his own robes, fastening the gold clasp at his clavicle. “They’ll suffice,” he said, standing straight and brushing invisible lint off the front.
“Yes.”
“Your thumbprints are in that system for emergencies. Is this an emergency?”
“That wasn’t so hard, was it?” he asked, condescending smile quirking his lips. The woman didn’t answer him.
Liz nodded, burrowing closer into Sherlock.
“Well, that decides it then,” Greg said, smiling at Mycroft. “Anything else we need?”
“Floaty,” Sherlock breathed, smiling dopily at John.
“Did you manage to get any sleep?”
“Hello Jackie,” she said, and Jackie waved tentatively back. “Oh, isn’t she just precious.” The woman smiled at Mycroft who smiled thinly back.
“Mmm. No. You are eating. You have five seconds to put down that folder and come eat. One.” Sherlock’s hands twitched on the folder, but he didn’t move.
“Bart’s,” he told the driver. He was silent on the ride over, playing absentmindedly with Jackie’s hands and feet as he let himself float in his thoughts.
Sherlock looked disgruntled. “What do you say, Liz?” he asked reluctantly.
“Okay, you can do that,” Greg said, nodding.
John hummed, thinking of the few casual robes he had from his uni days and how he may need to stop at Madame Malkin’s himself.
“But not too good,” Sherlock grinned, letting go of her.
John’s excitement was contagious and despite being wary, Sherlock stood and gently tugged Liz with him, walking her over to the chair.
“Perfect.” John worked in silence for a while, puttering away in the kitchen. He made sure to keep his wand put away; although Liz was beginning to be comfortable around magic, he didn’t want to spook her any more than she already had been. “Do you want to help me?”
“A kiss. Please, for me. It’s so nice to see young things in love.”
“Something I would like to keep doing,” Greg replied, a smile lighting his features once more. “I saw some seats somewhere around here, care to find them?”
Sherlock was still sobbing quietly as John led him back over to the bed. John sat down, pulling Sherlock over his lap.
“What kind of pink?”
“I’ve still got mine,” Sherlock said, displaying his full drink. “Didn’t spill a drop.”
“Ah, it appears it is time for me to go,” Sherlock said, inclining his head towards Mycroft. John glanced the way Sherlock indicated. Without another word Sherlock turned and followed Mycroft to the car, dodging elbows and flailing hands as they wove through the gathered dominants and submissives.
“She’s not his, though, right?” Greg was pretty certain, but thought he would double check.
“Try me, brother.”
“Still feeling good, love?”
“We just ate,” Mycroft said incredulously. “How can you already be thinking about food?”
“Okay. You know how to make a wall of pillows?”
“Make sure he’s looked after. He’s not as strong as he thinks he is.” Sherlock’s eyes shifted to his police car.
When he reached the desk, he knocked the gun out of her hand and swept up all the papers, tucking them into one of his zippered pockets.
“And is he nice, Mikey? Be honest now.”
“Because I wouldn’t eat.”
Mycroft and Sherlock go to their parents for dinner, where Mycroft makes an announcement. Then, Sherlock and John go on a date.
“I know, John.”
“No! Jackie, don’t eat that!” Mycroft said, plucking the paper from her hand. Jackie’s lip jutted out and her mouth opened in preparation of a wail. “Look, Jackie,” Mycroft said, taking the wrapping off the rest of the present. Jackie’s impending cry was cut short as her attention was grabbed by the stuffed bunny being revealed. She let out a squeal as she reached forward, grasping onto the bunny’s soft fur. “That’s a rabbit,” Mycroft said gently as Jackie rubbed her face against the soft fur.
Mycroft drew himself up. “I am not.”
“Not that it’s any of your business, but some things require my personal attention. This is one of those times.”
“I don’t deserve you.”
It was the day before, and the three of them were in the living room, John tapping diligently on his computer while Sherlock and Liz coloured. It was a peaceful quiet in the flat, broken only by the soft murmur of the telly in the background and Sherlock softly teaching Liz the scientific names for the animals they were colouring.
“Well that’s idiotic. John would never neglect me if I was truly in need.” John, realizing this was as close to an apology as he was going to get in public, took his hand once more.
“And how do you deal with that worry?”
Greg Lestrade stood with his hands on his hips, looking up at a woman’s corpse. What was strange, besides the fact that there were no wounds, was that it was hovering upside down in midair, seemingly not attached to anything. Sherlock stood staring up at the body, hands steepled in front of his face.
“Sure,” Greg replied. “I’m going to be here all night, may as well be comfortable.”
“Yeah, he’s been great with her.”
“Nope, everything made sense.”
“Well, let me know if that changes. What time are you leaving?”
“Yeah,” John interrupted him, tightening his arms around Liz momentarily. He looked down at Liz. She seemed to be in a bit of shock, staring blankly past Greg and Sherlock. John gently rubbed one of her arms. “Liz?” She looked dazedly back at him. “I know this is a lot to take in.” Liz started shaking in his arms.
“Yes you clearly weren’t expecting her, going by the slapdash readying you have done for her arrival.” Sherlock let his eyes wander around to the open bedroom door. “Did the baby build that crib?” he asked. “I think some of the pieces are in the wrong places.”
“I have a facility that I can be brought to if operation is necessary. It is only used as a last resort, however. I do not like hospitals, Marcia is quite competent at patching me up, as you saw.”
Dashing towards the exit, Mycroft took out his gun once more and kept it at his side, ready to take aim if the need arose. He got out of the room and started sprinting towards the nearest exit, pulse pounding in his ears and drowning out any other noise. As he turned the corner, he spotted a guard at the other end of the hall running towards him. He swung back around the corner, cursing quietly as he tried to think of another way out. Making a decision, he sat the baby on the floor beside him.
“Right, you helped pilot that program. I’m glad to hear it worked out.”
“Eighteen.”
Mycroft was seated in his plush leather chair, Greg knelt at his feet. They were in their apartment, Mycroft with Greg’s copy of the limit list in one hand and his copy balanced on his lap. His other hand was resting gently on the back of Greg’s neck. Their therapist had told them that they would have to write up a contract and file it with her at their next session. They had scened a few times previously, discussing what they were going to do before they did it. With a contract, that need for discussion would be lessened and would allow Mycroft to plan in advance. He had had Greg fill out the list and he filled out his own copy and then they had swapped, and they were taking the time now to go over them. Mycroft had asked Greg if he would rather sit on the couch, putting them on even ground, but Greg had insisted they do it with him kneeling at Mycroft’s feet- he claimed it grounded him.
“Nice, hm?” John asked Liz. She nodded up at him enthusiastically.
Mycroft, although of a similar mind, had been approached by the scientists and offered a position in the British Government if he managed to find a mate. He was extremely interested in the position offered and therefore was determined to find someone tolerable tonight.
There was a deathly silence that lasted a few seconds before Sherlock spluttered.
Mycroft took a moment to observe Greg. He was confused as to why Greg had touched him as he had earlier. Obviously he was only pretending to like Mycroft in order to continue the charade, but didn’t he realize he didn’t have to do that in private? Mycroft carefully ignored the pit that opened in the bottom of his stomach when he thought of Greg only pretending. Greg was too kind to be attracted to someone as emotionally stunted as he was, and it was best he let him know that now.
“Oh my god,” Greg breathed shakily. “That was possibly the best orgasm I have ever had in my life. Thank you so much.”
“Deal.”
“Having a good chat?” John asked. He rarely saw Sherlock genuinely engage with other people.
“Okay. Goodnight.” John placed his hand momentarily on Sherlock’s before pulling away and moving to the bedroom.
“It’s not that I don’t like anything, per se, more that I don’t have a favourite of those things.”
I am not a therapist. This may not be an accurate depiction of therapy, but I tried my best.
“Your lack of back up for one thing, as well as the fact that I’m pointing a gun at you.”
“No,” Greg said this time, pulling Jackie even closer. “There is no way I’m letting go of her.”
“Yes, I’m sorry, John. Although I have to say, as far as your first lecture for misbehavior, you have done quite admirably.”
“But he did adopt her, you’re right on that front. We just got so excited about our first vacation together that we forgot to take her car seat on the plane with us,” Greg explained.
“Thank you,” Greg said as Mycroft placed a mug of tea in front of him.
“Like hell you are,” Greg said, shifting Jackie so that she was on his hip. He couldn't believe Mycroft would put himself in danger like that. “Don’t you have people to do that for you?”
“Yes,” Hermione agreed, beckoning the two wizards behind her forward. “Memory charms on everyone, fix the mirror and clean up the paint and toys. That should suffice.”
“I don’t think you realize how hot it was when you were chasing down that woman,” Sherlock breathed.
“This isn’t fair,” he finally spat out.
“Is there anything you’d like to do, Liz?” John asked.
“Aren’t you the dominant one? Shouldn’t you decide?” Sherlock asked drily.
Liz pointed to her ribs, where a large dark bruise was forming. John winced in sympathy and gently ran his hands over the bruise. He kept his touch light as he felt around the area.
“He’ll probably be out for another hour or so,” John murmured. They all settled in to wait.
Greg felt his breath catch slightly at the words Mycroft had never said before. “It has to do with the fact that if you’re punishing me for not good reasons, I won’t be a part of that relationship. And saying that you love me won’t get you out of trouble,” he said around a dry patch in his throat. “We still need to talk about you not listening to me.”
“And in not eating you also… “John prompted.
Mycroft was finishing feeding Jackie a lunch of mashed peas when his phone rang from the other room.
“Six minutes, then. Keep whining, and you’ll make it seven.”
“Well that’s okay, different people like different things. Do you watch much telly?”
“Then it’s settled,” John said with finality, tightening his arms around her.
“None of the new ones,” Mycroft said, hands in his pocket.
“Gregory, hello, you’re busy, I’m sorry for disturbing you.” Mycroft went to disconnect the phone but was stopped by Gregory’s voice.
“And if I’m not? You can’t always have it your way, Sherlock.”
“I help New Scotland Yard on cases.”
“Home.”
“Come on, Liz, we talked about this,” John said, kneeling down so that he was eye-level with her. “Just two hours, and then we’ll get ice cream on the way home.” Liz, skinny as she was, had a love for all things sugary. Although john knew it wasn’t the healthiest way to get meat back on her bones, he was willing to indulge her.
Sherlock took it into consideration, but he knew that he wouldn’t stop now unless he was in an unmanageable amount of pain.
“Quite, but multiplied by about ten.”
“When doesn’t she?”
“Perfect,” he said, picking it up and dropping that into the cart as well. “I’m not sure if you’re walking yet, or what your mobility is, so we’ll hold off on a walker right now.” Then another brightly coloured toy caught his eye. “Or maybe not. A 3-in-1 bounce, stride and ride elephant. Well, that seems good for all developmental stages. Let’s get one of those then, shall we?” He put the large box into the shopping cart. Then he spotted a brightly coloured, flashing toy. “This?” he asked hesitantly, showing it to Jackie.
“Fourteen thank you, fifteen thank you,” Greg breathed out, running the words together.
“Liz,” he said gently. “We want you to know we’re not angry at you, okay?”
“Yes, my first Easter with Jackie, and our first Easter. And my first Easter with your children.”
“I have incapacitated the scientist and acquired the information. I will need some assistance getting her out,” Mycroft said into his earpiece.
Sherlock sat on Liz’s other side. As he did, a young woman came around from behind the bar and approached. “Hello, what can I get you?”
“There are always non-perishables stored in these houses, and we will go into town tomorrow to pick up groceries.”
“That’s outrageous,” Greg exclaimed. “And illegal, I would hope.”
“Who are you? What happened?” Greg asked as they moved towards the closest bedroom, which happened to be his.
“First thing as soon as the shops open,” Mycroft responded as he climbed out of the ambulance, Jaclynn cradled carefully in him arms.
“Thanks,” she said, reaching in and grabbing the rag. Wringing it out, she wiped the wound on Mycroft’s leg. Greg realized that she had cut off the leg of Mycroft’s tac suit in order to reach the wound. When she was done cleaning and drying it, she inspected it for a moment before pulling out a needle and filling it with lidocaine. She numbed the front of Mycroft’s thigh quickly and then got the thread and needle ready.
“That’s perfectly fine. I wouldn’t do any more now that the fever has gone down. Unfortunately with babies the most you can do is use a saline solution to clear her nostrils. I’ll text you instructions and bring over some saline. You wouldn’t happen to know if she’s had her shots, would you?”
Liz blushed, looking nervous but excited. “Maybe?”
“Don’t take that tone with me,” the man who belonged to the hand said, voice low. He was taller than Sherlock by a couple of inches and built more broadly. A man and a woman stood behind him, both leering at Sherlock.
“Good,” John said stiffly.
Mycroft was caught off guard. “Oh- um, no of course not, you are doing more than enough as it is.”
“Think harder,” he said, looming over her.
“So it would seem.”
“Done,” he mumbled from around his pacifier.
“Hi, you fucking nutter,” Greg said gently, still incredibly angry with Mycroft. “Marcia is stitching up the hole you got in your buggering leg, I imagine that doesn’t feel good. What were you bloody thinking?” This was all said in a whisper, Greg trying to maintain a calm façade. He knew he shouldn’t be attacking Mycroft while he was only partially conscious, but he couldn’t help it.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock sighed. “But as of right now, it seems like we’ll be taking care of a young, vulnerable child. You should probably get some rest. It’s been a long day.”
“It’s Sherlock. I called him in on a case and the perp was on the scene and tried to make an escape, and in that attempt he sliced Sherlock pretty bad with a knife. He’s in surgery now, but I thought you’d want to know.”
“ I asked you to go get it.”
Mycroft was taken aback by the quick response. “Um, pink?”
“Jackie makes me feel happy,” Alice said as she stood beside Sherlock.
Mycroft looked skeptical for a moment. “I will be working with my staff via phone for most of the afternoon.”
“We make do,” Mycroft agreed.
“Yes, mother.”
“Okay love, I think it’s time for cuddles in bed.” John gently took the ice pack out of Sherlock’s hand and scooped him up, carrying him to his bedroom and depositing him on the bed. “How’s your nose?”
“I disagree. Many people suffer from things like depression and post traumatic stress disorder every day. Seeing something like what you saw today is undoubtedly distressing for anyone. Have the police force scheduled you with a psychologist?”
“I’m gay.”
“Whatever is fine,” Sherlock called back, stretching himself more comfortably on the sofa. “I don’t really ever cook or make tea. One more reason why I’m not a good submissive, I suppose.”
“We’ve already looked there-“ Greg started but was cut short when Sherlock flung the door open triumphantly. His face fell when he revealed nothing but an empty closet.
“But still, that’s exciting.”
“Charming, brother,” Mycroft chuckled.
“Da, down!” Jackie said, pushing at Mycroft’s arms.
“Mycroft passed us the police files. We’re taking over the investigation.”
“Yeah,” Greg admitted, his smile not wavering. “We were gonna tell Sherlock…”
“Charms of living in a small town, I suppose. Also happy babies tend to make happy adults,” Greg shrugged. An older woman at the next table over leaned over.
John glanced over to see Sherlock put his last toy away, closing the lid on the toy box and glancing back at John.
“You made it the way I like it,” he said incredulously.
“Hi there,” she said with a smile.
“Da da da da,” she babbled, waving her hands in his direction.
“See anything interesting?” He asked Liz. She reached forward and pulled out a small blue book.
Sherlock stood and wrapped his arm around John’s waist. “Agreed. Thank you,” he said with finality to the woman, and they turned and joined Hermione and Mycroft, who were waiting for them a little ways away from the throng of people.
“Alright, Little Miss. Let’s see here, jeans and a jumper I think. Ah, here we go.” Greg found the appropriate pieces of clothing in her wardrobe and pulled them on Jackie after making a quick nappy check. Greg grabbed a small rain jacket and put it on Jackie, just in case it started to rain. Moving back into the sitting room, Greg watched Mycroft slip a laptop and gun into the diaper bag. A loud bang reverberated through the room, followed shortly by another. They were trying to break down the door.
“You’re not alone now,” Hermione said soothingly. “We’re all here to help you. Feeling better?”
They were perched on the love seat with Sherlock seated in a stuffed chair opposite them.
Sherlock nodded, sucking hard on his pacifier and enraptured with the mermaids dancing in the water. John watched him indulgently for a moment before going into Sherlock’s room, taking a pair of footie pajamas and a nappy back into the bathroom.
“No strenuous activity I hope?” John asked with a raised brow as he unwound the bandages.
“Yes, he’s in his vest and pants. Hopefully I won’t see you too soon, there’s only so many times he can stand to injure himself,” Marcia said, letting herself out of the bedroom and out of the house.
“My pleasure, sir. Let me know if you need anything.”
"Sir," the other man greeted. "We've got an ambulance waiting around the corner."
“That’s St. James Park,” John said. “It’ll be full of Muggles at this time.”
“I’ve a handkerchief,” Mycroft said, pulling it out of his pocket.
Mycroft sat in the van, thinking on the plans they had formulated and pushing out any thoughts of Greg or Jackie. Emotion would not help him in a situation like this, and he endeavored to shut it out.
“Looks good,” Sherlock said as he sat down, taking a piece of toast and a spoonful of scrambled eggs.
“Come on, Jaclynn, here we go, let’s go see Anthea,” he soothed as he rolled quickly out of bed, Jaclynn tucked securely to his chest. He padded to the kitchen, where Anthea was already waiting with a bottle of ORS and water; gratefully, he took the bottle from Anthea and cradled Jaclynn in one arm, the other coming up to press the nipple of the bottle to Jaclynn’s lips. Greedily she wrapped her lips around the nipple, sucking on the bottle. She finished half the bottle in under a minute and Mycroft wrestled it from her mouth, much to her displeasure.
“Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock grabbed John’s warm hand in his, noting absently how well his long fingers fit between John’s.
They arrived there quickly, and Mycroft climbed out of the car, slinging Jackie so that she was securely on his hip. “Practical things first, I think, and then the fun stuff,” he told Jackie as he slotted her into the seat in the shopping cart.
“Liz, wake up,” John tried again helplessly.
Mycroft hummed in agreement. They both sat silent for a few seconds before simultaneously downing their glasses.
Mycroft chuckled at the butchering of his name. He found it adorable how deeply Greg could fall into subspace with just a bit of touching. “You really needed it, hmmm? You went down very easily today.”
“I am in your hands,” Sherlock said, reveling in the trust he had in John.
Tears welled up and coursed over her cheeks as she nodded frantically. Liz started sobbing, big hiccups wracking her body.
“Yes, we brought one just for you and one for the rest of us to share.”
“Don’t stop walking,” a delicate feminine voice hissed in his ear. “We don’t want to cause any trouble for this small town, do we?”
The ride was over in a matter of seconds, both of them being spat out into The Leaky Cauldron. John took a few steps so that they were out of the way of the grate and dusted both of them off. He took Liz’s hand and they both waited for Sherlock to emerge, Liz looking around with wide eyes. There were a few other wizards and witches sitting at tables scattered through the room. Liz gaped at the teapot that was levitating its way down the length of a long table, periodically stopping to refill mugs. Her attention was jerked towards the fireplace as Sherlock came stumbling through, coughing and brushing himself off.
“But that’s not a punishment,” Greg was confused.
Mycroft chuckled gently. “It was honestly my pleasure, my dear.” Mycroft slid his hand to the back of Greg’s head and cradled it against his shoulder.
“You have a home base, as it were. Where is that?” Mycroft crossed his arms as he stared at Sara. She lapsed back into silence, shaking her head. Mycroft laid his hand on her shoulder. To an outside viewer, it would look like a comforting gesture. As it was, Mycroft was watching sweat bead on Sara’s face as he put more pressure on her broken clavicle. She steadily grew paler and started breathing harshly through her nose, teeth creaking with the effort to not cry out.
“Yes well, they created this mess, didn’t they,” Sherlock said ungraciously.
“Yes.” Sherlock sighed and nuzzled deeper into John’s chest, breath evening out. John followed him to sleep soon after.
“The situation that Jackie was found in is unfortunately classified.”
“That’s enough,” John snapped, snatching the phone out of Sherlock’s hand and tucking it between his back and the back of the sofa. “Why aren’t you taking this seriously?” he asked, exasperated.
“Oh, I agree completely,” Greg said. “You kept his pants on, right?”
“Sit,” he said, pointing to the sofa and Sherlock complied, sitting and looking curiously at John. John lifted Sherlock’s phone and unlocked it, hitting Mycroft’s contact information.
“Sweet dreams,” he heard as he reached his bedroom door. Sherlock paused for a moment.
“You’re ridiculous,” Mycroft said in response to the kiss. Taking the bag from Greg, he poured half of the remaining eggs into Greg’s hands. “Last one to finish spreading out their eggs has to do the midnight feeding,” he said, running to start spreading his eggs.
“Watch her for me again?” Mycroft asked uncertainly.
“That will be all, thank you,” Mycroft dismissed him. The driver left without another word, closing the door quietly behind him. “Food first, I think,” Mycroft said to Jackie, finding the formula in the bags and quickly making a bottle for her. Efficiently he cradled Jackie in one arm, feeding the bottle to her with the other hand and rocking her. When she was halfway through the bottle, there was knock on the door. Mycroft went to open it and was greeted with the sight of two men in overalls.
“I know. That’s why I’m leaving it up to you,” Sherlock responded. “Whatever you want it to be.”
“It looks like it will be sunny, but I will pack one in the diaper bag just in case.”
“Yeah, maybe,” Greg sighed. Mycroft had put him into subspace a few times over the past couple months, enough to keep him balanced. “Not a scene, though. I’m too exhausted for that.”
“Not tonight though.”
“Fine,” Greg answered, pulling his hands out of Mycroft’s and standing, walking towards the windows and looking out at the dark skyline sprawled out in front of him. Mycroft frowned at Greg’s back, standing and going over to the windows as well. He stood beside Greg with his hands in his pockets, the only sound that of Greg’s slightly elevated breathing.
“Much,” Greg said. “Just one more thing.” He reached forward, unbuttoning the first two buttons of Mycroft’s shirt. Mycroft jerked back a little initially and then held still, gulping when Greg’s fingers lingered at his throat.
“Make me.”
“Giving us bloody homework like we’re in bloody grade school,” Greg grumbled when they were out of earshot of the therapist. Mycroft chuckled indulgently and pulled Greg toward him, laying a kiss on the top of his head.
Without further ado the D.I. held up the yellow tape, allowing John to duck under and join them on the other side. Without looking back, Sherlock stalked over to the body and crouched down, eyes flicking over and around it.
Her fingers flew across the keyboard and her eyes scanned the screen in front of her. “He’s still in surgery, but you can head to family waiting room F down the hall, I believe some of his family is already there.”
“Wow, Mycroft, thank you. This means a lot.” John took the papers from Mycroft and flipped through.
“Well, I believe it’s time for us to go,” Mycroft said, standing. Sherlock followed suit, eager to be out of the line of fire.
“There wasn’t much to sort, sir.”
“So, we’re going in to town today?” Greg asked around a bite of toast.
“Mycroft,” John greeted curtly.
“Okay.” John was close to done anyway. He let another six land on Sherlock’s backside and then ran his hand soothingly over his lower back. “We’re done now, Sherlock.” Sherlock was still sobbing uncontrollably, so John pulled him up and wrapped his arms tightly around his boy, letting Sherlock nuzzle wetly into his neck. “There you go, there’s a good boy. I know you might not want to talk, but I need to know you’re okay.”
Mycroft would later blame his lack of deducing the woman’s motive on the distractingly screaming baby in the woman’s arms. The woman started moving towards Mycroft and the door, keeping her eyes fixed on the gun. When she drew level with Mycroft, she sprung into action, shoving the baby roughly at him and diving for the workbench, hitting a button under it and running for the door. Cursing, Mycroft caught the baby one handed and plopped her unceremoniously on the workbench, turning to race after the woman. In the distance, he heard the pounding of several sets of approaching footsteps, and quickly figured that at least three guards were on their way to take him out. By this point, the baby was working her way up to a shriek.
“How old? Twelve months?” Sherlock asked, looking down at her and grabbing the hand that was reaching for his curls. “Do not grab that,” he cooed at her.
“Eurus will be taken care of, I’ve been told by higher ups. I’m going home, gonna take the next couple days off.” Greg found he was too worried to care about niceties. With a nod, Greg moved past Sally and got into his cruiser, looking over at the passenger seat where Mycroft sat, unresponsive.
“Sure, why not,” Sherlock replied. They found a quiet bench off to the side of the terrace and sat down, at least a foot of space between them. John took a pull from his beer and tipped his head back. The two sat in a fragile silence, only disrupted by the chirp of crickets and the muffled voices from inside.
“Possibly,” John answered. “But you’re not?”
“Alright, so the trick is to say your destination in a clear voice,” he told Sherlock. “I’ll be taking Liz with me, and you’ll follow after.” He handed the pouch to Sherlock, kissing him quickly on the mouth. Then, he took a pinch of powder and threw it in the fire.
“What do you want it to be?” John asked, looking into his tea.
“Alright, well try to get some sleep, then.”
“Would you like tea, Mycroft?”
“It will be on a temporary basis at first but, if all goes well, we will see about making it more permanent. For right now, I think it’s best you both help Liz to heal.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Sherlock sniffed haughtily.
“Yes, well I don’t believe submissives are less that dominants. In fact, the amount that I want to please a submissive puts me at their mercy, more often than not.”
“What about me, mother?”
Mycroft felt his back go up. “Nothing really, just an office job. Boring beyond belief.”
The police force had had to deal with an armed robbery that went sour and, although he was only a lowly constable, Greg still felt responsible. The perp that they had tried to detain at the small shop had opened fire, mildly injuring some and severely injuring one other. Word was that the woman had been shot in the spine and would be permanently paralyzed for the rest of her life. Greg couldn’t help but think that if he had gotten onto the scene a second sooner, or if he had been the one talking to the perp, maybe he would have been able to talk them down. The rational part of Greg’s mind knew that it wasn’t his fault and there was really nothing he could have done, but yet he felt guilty and anxious.
“I dunno, there’s just a certain… air about you. Very upper crust. I like it.”
Sherlock let the hug last for a moment before pulling away. “Get off me,” he said without any real conviction.
“Okay,” John said, putting the flogger down and cupping Sherlock’s face gently. “What’s on your mind?”
Jackie noticed Mycroft in the doorway and her face lit up. “Da!” she said, picking up the police dog and scooching towards Mycroft. When she got close, she held her arms up in a clear invitation to be picked up. Mycroft didn’t hesitate, bending down and scooping her up. He held her close for a moment, closing his eyes and kissing the top of her head. Greg noticed that Mycroft had changed into what looked like a black tac suit.
"Alright, we'll get you patched up quickly and see what we can do for little miss," Marcia replied, smiling kindly at the baby.
Sherlock reached over and opened the door, holding it for John and Liz.
“Do you have any friends, Liz?” Dr. Witter asked, changing the subject.
John took the lead, quickly getting a beer from the bar and steering Sherlock towards the outdoor terrace. “It’s a nice night, if you don’t mind going outside,” John said.
“Thanks, Hermione,” John said, looking down at Liz as she pulled slightly away. “Did you hear that, Liz? You get to stay with us. Is that okay?”
They both sat looking shocked and scandalized to varying degrees.
Sherlock’s hand tightened around John’s, and he looked down when he answered. “Then that’s what it is. John, I think you know by now that I will never let you go. No matter how much you push me away.”
“Definitely not red though, right?”
“Time for dinner, Sherlock,” John called from the kitchen, putting the finishing touches on his and Sherlock’s sandwich. When no answer was forthcoming, John stuck his head out of the doorframe and peered into the living room. The sight of Sherlock, sprawled on his back with a folder held above his face was what John observed when he looked around the doorjamb. Sherlock was currently working on a case for D.I. Nolan; although he didn’t get cases regularly, the D.I. was letting him work on a case every couple of months, which kept Sherlock busy enough. He was currently engulfed in the beheading of an elderly maths teacher.
Thank you for reading. This will probably not be the end, I'll probably make this a series and add one-shots. Please let me know if you have any prompts/things you'd like to see in this universe. Thank you for reading :)
“Yeah, he went into surgery twenty minutes ago.”
“Liz, why do you think you’re bad?” John asked her when she seemed to be calming.
Sherlock spluttered out a laugh. “Who would find a man in lingerie attractive? What man would want to wear it?” Sherlock asked on a chuckle.
“What child?”
“Of course, you daft sod,” John smirked before pulling Sherlock in once more for a kiss.
“You needed to call me in for help,” Sherlock shrugged. “Clearly your force is incompetent. In some respects, at least.”
“Yeah, Daddy was in an idiot who got himself shot and now he’s asleep,” Greg said to Jackie. “Sometimes he’s very smart but very stupid, all at the same time. He’s quite the oxymoron.”
“No,” Greg said calmly. If he was to die today, at least it would be protecting a child he loved. He spared a moment of regret for not getting to say goodbye to his own children before resolutely making eye contact with the woman. Jackie started crying. “I’m not handing her over.”
Jackie sneezed in reply, dropping the block she had been holding in her hand. “Oh dear,” Mycroft whispered, dropping the piece of wood and rushing to cross the few feet between Jackie and himself, pulling out a tissue and quickly wiping her nose with it. He had given her some of the baby paracetamol that he had picked up, and it had helped with the fever but did not help much with the congestion. If it didn’t let up in a couple of days, he would see about taking her to a doctor.
“No.”
“Well, this is how I have always spoken my entire life, and how I will continue to speak.”
“I’m pretty sure he has, actually,” John answered thoughtfully. “I seem to recall seeing him use his cell at the Ministry a number of times. Why would he withhold that information?”
“No need to apologize, it’s… good.” Mycroft squeezed Greg’s hand.
“I think a stop at Madame Malkin’s will be in order,” John said, smiling as he watched her explore her new robes.
“Da!” she cried crawling back towards Mycroft. Mycroft scooped her up and nuzzled into her belly, eliciting a laugh. Greg had never seen him so easy with her and wondered if the painkillers had something to do with it.
“What?” Mycroft asked when he noticed Greg staring.
“Yes, I think I’ll put her in my bed.”
“Yeah, may as well not change my backstory. Keep things simple, and all that.”
When John emerged from the bedroom, he saw Sherlock and Liz sitting on the sofa in the living room, telly on some type of cartoon.
“It’s true,” he said unapologetically.
“Like I said, it’s a strange one.”
“No, but…” John looked at Liz. “You said things happened? Before?”
“Because she’s full of the first successful dose of our booster. She is literally all we’ve been working towards. Has she shown any symptoms since you’ve had her?”
Finally, Charlie and Alice had found all the eggs and sat on the floor, adding them up and evening out their piles. It was a tradition that they had had for as long as they could remember; they could race to see who found the most eggs, but at the end they would split the eggs evenly to be fair. When they were done that, Alice’s head popped up.
John, who was still cradling Liz and whispering calming things to her, glared over at Sherlock.
Mycroft and Greg go flat hunting, while Sherlock and John cuddle and talk dynamic.
They had gotten about halfway through the container when there was a knock on the door. Mycroft, confused, picked up Jackie and went to the door. Tapping the LED screen beside the door, he was greeted by the view of John Watson for the second time in two days. Behind him was a pale glowering Sherlock, looking straight into the camera. Mycroft swung the door open.
Mycroft stood in the doorway, his gun still clasped in his lowered hand. Calculations were frantically racing around his head- whether he could get his gun up fast enough to shoot her, whether he could lunge for her gun and the papers before she shot him. He was also wondering why the scientist hadn’t shot him yet.
“Could I have tea?” he asked.
Shifting her to one arm, Greg dug in his pockets for something to entertain her with. He found his set of car keys.
“Alright. I’ll call the team in to bag and tag her, then I’m going home for a pint or three.”
“Why the hell would they make anyone go through this?” Greg asked tiredly after a moment. “I felt like shit all day.”
“Impressive,” John nodded. “Will you come with me to the bar?”
“You should come to bed, too.”
"Be careful sir. We have an extraction team ready to go if necessary."
“Money is no concern for us, my dear,” Mycroft smiled beguilingly at Greg.
“So it’s not him you’re worried about?” Dr. Witter asked, eyeing John intensely.
“My condolences.”
“To colour with. Wait, do you colour?” “I do some sketching and drawing in my free time. In that case, I prefer charcoal, brown, red, purple and blue.”
“For getting us out of there so fast.”
“It’s possible,” Mycroft allowed, frowning at his lack of knowledge. Mycroft was drawn out of his thoughts by the sound of Jackie’s stomach rumbling. “Lunch,” Mycroft stated, handing her to Greg in order to fish out the spoon and container of mashed peas he had brought along. He let Greg hold onto her as he spooned the green mush into her mouth. Jackie ate the entire container and was handed a digestive cookie to finish off, which she munched and drooled on happily. She fell asleep soon after in Greg’s arms and both men remained quiet until they reached their destination.
“Well I enjoy servitude for certain amounts of time, but it depends what kind.”
John and Sherlock wore matching pinched expressions, and John saw his anguish and anger reflected in Sherlock’s eyes. Everything was starting to make sense.
“Yeah,” Liz said, leaning against Sherlock’s side. “Nice to meet you.”
“Yes, Mycroft.” Greg’s grip on Mycroft’s ankle got tighter. Mycroft let the first one fall with no warning.
“Maybe you’ll make friends,” John said hopefully. Sherlock scoffed.
“That is an understatement.”
“That’ll be sixteen sickles and twenty Knuts,” she said and John dug into his pockets, pulling out another pouch and pulling out a large coin. “Keep the change,” he said, handing it over.
“Okay, okay, real food is on it’s way,” Mycroft chuckled as he placed her bottle in the sink and dug out a container of baby food from the pantry. Grabbing a baby spoon from the appropriate door, Mycroft sat at the kitchen table, putting his coffee on the table and brandishing the spoon in one hand and the container in the other. He opened the container and spooned mashed pears into Jackie’s waiting mouth. She so far hadn’t shown any fussiness towards food, for which Mycroft was eternally grateful.
“Have you found a Dominant yet to suit your tastes?”
“Yes, I think this is a standard list, which includes items for women and heterosexual couples.” John chuckled and put down the pen, running his now free hand through Sherlock’s hair.
John quickly undid his shoes, taking them and his socks off. Then, he undid Sherlock’s belt, tapping on his hip to get him to raise them. His trousers and pants were quickly yanked down his legs and off, and were cast onto the floor to be dealt with later. John, after a raised eyebrow at Sherlock and a pointed look at the floor, scooped up a nappy and cream from the floor. He efficiently applied the nappy, giving Sherlock a hand up when he was done.
"Yes, alright," Mycroft responded, rolling his eyes and gazing down fondly at the small girl on his lap.
“What’s his name?” Violet pried.
“Sherlock,” John admonished, but the smile on his lips betrayed that he wasn’t angry.
They walked in, towers of books greeting them precariously from between bookshelves.
“Would you like to come in? Maybe play with some toys?”
“How was your day?” Mycroft asked tentatively, turning and gingerly taking Greg’s hands in both of his.
“Don’t be absurd. Nobody in the village knows who I am. Tomorrow, we will go into town posing as a couple on vacation stocking up their cabin for the week.”
“I am ready now,” Mycroft said, ensuring he had his guns in place before climbing out of the van. His men followed him out of the van and gathered around him.
“Liz, we can’t help you if you don’t tell us what happened. You won’t be in trouble, I promise.” A long moment of silence passed before Liz’s small voice filled the room.
“I don’t have to, but it will help it heal faster.”
“It’s sort of a mini-wand,” he explained. “There’s a bit of unicorn hair to act as a core. It can’t do much else than glow, but it serves the purpose desired.”
Jackie continued looking at Greg expectantly. “Num?” she said.
“Would you like to talk about it now?” Mycroft asked around a sigh.
“Does he really-?”
Greg didn’t answer, but he shifted Jackie so that she was cradled on his front instead of propped on his side. Distantly he wondered how he always ended up holding Jackie when they were being attacked.
“What, really?”
“Anal sex, four point five.”
“Hey,” he said with a charming smile, handing Mycroft a beer.
John rolled his eyes at the familiar argument.
“How do you know my name?”
Some time later three of Mycroft’s people came through the door, two moving to apprehend the scientist and one to support Mycroft, who was leaning on the desk in front of him.
“Happy birthday, son.”
“What?” Lestrade asked, rushing over. He looked down. “Where’d you come from?”
“Not more hurt that usual.”
Again, Charlie did as told, putting the pot on the last burner.
“Yes, well…” Sherlock cleared his throat. “Be that as it may, I don’t know what normal people do anyway.” He was studiously avoiding eye contact, squinting at the darkening sky.
“We know,” Hermione said gently. “Nobody’s blaming you. Did you know you had magic before that?”
Okay here it is, the end! I'll probably have more stories in this universe, keep your eyes peeled!
“It’s just up the stairs. Go. Get. It.”
“Be good,” John said, watching them.
“They said we must stay until eleven,” Mycroft said, glancing at his watch. It was ten thirty, but half an hour felt like an eternity. Sherlock groaned, frustrated, and slammed his head back against the wall.
“Liz, come look at this!” Rose said, grabbing her hand and flitting over to a window filled with what looked like sweets, as well as a display of pink fluffy creatures. “This is my uncle’s shop,” Rose said. “He’s pretty cool.”
“Can I get you drinks?” The waitress, a young girl with braces, pulled up to their table.
“No, I pretty much say that all the time,” John rebutted. They stood for a moment in awkward silence. “Would you like to get a drink with me?”
‘Yes well you are a child yourself. You don’t count.”
Meanwhile across the city, John and Sherlock were stationed in 221B, perched on either end of the sofa as they did a quick back and forth.
“Oh, aren’t you the sweetest?” The lady behind the counter asked. She was in her late sixties, grey hair cropped close to her head. “How old is she?” she asked.
“You okay here? I won’t leave your sight.”
“You don’t fool me, Mycroft Holmes, I know you don’t sleep nearly as much as you should. But I’ll let you boys go early just this once. Take some cake for the drive home,” she instructed.
Hermione went back to chanting spells under her breath, the tip of her wand intermittently lighting up. She stopped, frowning at the map. “I think I’ve almost got it,” she mumbled, hefting her wand once more.
Jesus it had been a long day.
“Look Jackie,” Mycroft cooed. “Teddy. Yes, good girl,” he cooed, shaking the bear in front of her. Meanwhile, John circled around behind them and reached Jackie’s right arm.
“Ready to go?” John asked him.
“Yes Father,” he answered meekly, ducking his head.
"I'll just take her temperature one more time before you leave" Marcia said, brandishing the thermometer towards Mycroft and Jaclynn. Mycroft lifted the sleeping baby's arm up, allowing Marcia to slot in the thermometer.
“No, you’re right,” he said easily. “I will let you walk out, but I will ensure you are never offered another job again.” He watched for her reaction. “I can’t promise you a baby,” he says with a small quirk of his lips, “but I can promise you a job that is slightly more stable and conducive to single parenting than the one you currently have.”
“I have impeccable timing, what can I say?” Sherlock asked as Greg followed behind him, a tray with two plates and two mugs of tea balanced on it. Mycroft looked unimpressed but didn’t say anything as Greg put down the tray, giving him his mug to place on the bedside table. He sat down, picking up his cutlery from the tray and digging into his own food.
“Can you tell me what happened?”
“Older brother, who is the dominant of the pair, is embarrassing himself somewhere on the dance floor,” Sherlock finished.
John sighed, changing tactic. “Let’s get you changed out of your wet clothes, alright?”
John nodded. Lights over beds was one of the common signs.
“Drink up,” Greg said, handing Mycroft the glass of water. Mycroft kept one hand supporting Jackie to his chest, taking the glass in the other. He quickly downed the glass, handing it back to Greg when he was done.
“I suppose not,” she murmured. “I will talk to the team, but I don’t see them having a problem with your offer,” she said after a moment.
Inside, Hermione and Mycroft were sat at a table, pieces of parchment scattered around them. Mycroft was on his cellphone while Hermione was muttering and waving her wand over a large piece of parchment.
By the time they got to the restaurant, Jackie was well on her way to a fit. Mycroft pulled a digestive cookie out of the diaper bag and gave it to Jackie, who whined a little more before sticking it in her mouth, glaring at Mycroft to let him know she was unimpressed.
“Nice to meet you.” John beamed. “Do you mind if I ask you a little bit about yourself?”
“Well if you’re very good and do you’re homework, I may have a treat for you,” Mycroft murmured in his ear. Greg smiled brightly.
“Just about ready to come out?” John asked.
“I could’ve sworn…” he mumbled, brow furrowing into a frown. He took a step into the closet, feeling along the walls for hidden seams or hinges. As he was nearing the corner he heard a whimper. He jumped back in surprise when he saw a little girl cowering in the corner. “Bloody hell!”
“No tie,” Greg said immediately, shaking his head.
“Liz, I didn’t get to properly ask you earlier. Are you hurt?”
“Well if you have kidnapped a baby, then I would consider it an emergency,” Sherlock retorted.
Jackie tore into the paper covering her present without abandon. After getting a fistful of paper, she stuck part of it in her mouth,
“Shall we try the flogger next?”
Sherlock reached out for John, but stopped when John didn’t immediately reach out for him.
“Yes.”
“Fine,” Sherlock added.
They entered the small, cluttered shop. Wands lined every bit of wall space available, and dust hung thick in the air.
“Does he neglect you when you need to be put in subspace, Sherlock?”
“That’s why I always had more chores than Mycroft,” Sherlock realized. “And why Mycroft has been more assertive the past couple years.” His parents nodded again, staying silent as he worked it out. “Why weren’t we told what we were earlier?”
Rrrriiiiiiinnngg.
“Hi Greg. How’s it going?”
Liz hesitated for a moment, looking seriously at John.
“The goal here is to incapacitate any security that might be in the building. From our intel, we know that there are only four scientists who partake in this particular experiment. At this time of night, the leader of the program will be the only one in the building. She will be my target. Our back-up is approximately ten minutes away, but unless there is exponentially more security than predicted, we should be fine and they will serve more as clean up. Any questions?”
Suddenly, it hit Greg like a ton of bricks. “It’s Sherlock, right?” Greg asked when no answer was forthcoming. Greg laid his hand gently against the side of Mycroft’s face. “I get it. He’s your younger brother, you care about him. And he’s a submissive; you’re protective. I find it charming.”
“Can I feed you? Would that make it worse or better?”
“Hm, quite smart,” Mycroft acknowledged as Greg strapped it onto himself. Mycroft handed Jackie to Greg, who kissed her on the head before sliding her into the holder on his front, her head tucked into his chest. Once she was secure, he slung his arm around Mycroft’s back.
“Ready.”
“Level one, Minister for Magic offices,” a cool voice announced from overhead. Anthea led the way out of the lift and now it was John who was trying not to gawp, head craning around. He had never met or even been near a Minister of Magic before.
Sherlock tilted his book so that John could see the cover.
“I know a great place a couple blocks away. Follow me.” John took off down the street, Sherlock falling easily into step beside him. They walked in amiable silence for about a block, Sherlock with his hands tucked comfortably in his pockets and John letting his arms swing free. As they were reaching the second intersection they noticed flashing lights up ahead. “What’s that?” John asked as they neared the lights.
“Oh boys!” she cried when she opened the door, still in her robe. “Rosie has missed you dearly, John,” she said as she opened her door wider, letting them in.
Thank you so much for reading! Real life is starting to kick me in the pants, and I can safely say that updates will be spotty at best for the next six weeks, as I'm in rehearsals for a show six nights a week on top of school. I promise I won't give up on it though, and don't you give up on it either!
“I said I want you to hit me,” Sherlock said with a put upon sigh.
“Even so, kiss your daughter.” Mycroft, realizing resistance was futile, leaned in to kiss Jackie. “Have fun, you two,” he said, leaning back and smiling at Greg as he answered his phone. “Holmes,” he said into the phone, going into the study and closing the door.
“Unfortunately, I did not have time to warn the cleaners of our arrival. They come in once a week to maintain the house,” Mycroft told Greg, “but we will have to wait until tomorrow for the beds to be made and the rooms to be aired.”
“Okay, I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
Greg felt himself go red as he realized he had completely forgotten about his safeword.“Yeah, I guess I kind of forgot about that. I’ll use it next time. Sorry.”
‘Yes, thank you.” Turning down the hall, Mycroft found the right door and pushed it open. He was met with the sight of John pacing the length of the room, Lestrade sitting on a chair with his head hanging, hands clasped between his knees. When the door opened, John stopped and spun towards it and Greg’s head shot up.
“Of course not,” John chuckled. “You have your own life that you lead. I may have ground rules around eating and sleeping, but those are things we can negotiate as we go. And it won’t be anything ridiculous, I promise. We’ll write out a contract and everything.”
“When do you think you will like it?” Greg asked, patience wearing thin.
“Yes you are.”
Greg felt something hard press into the small of his back.
“Then we’ll kill you too,” the woman shrugged. She seemed to be the leader. “The baby is our top priority. Give it here.”
“I don’t know. I am having Anthea get all the information she can, so hopefully I will know soon enough. I will have her send you all the medical information we have on her.”
“Idiots!” Sherlock was stalking around the perimeter of a crime scene, careful not to disturb evidence even in his rage. “You’ve trampled all over the evidence. Does Scotland Yard purposefully hire negligent imbeciles to muddy up their crime scenes?”
“Good,” John replied just as quietly. “We’re here,” he added, looking up at the lit window of the flat.
“Yes well, we’re not really here for the décor,” Mycroft said, glancing around distractedly. “I believe I’m going to wander over that way for a while,” Mycroft indicated a shadow-shrouded corner that a dark form had just disappeared into.
“Yes, sir.”
“Fine,” Sherlock said, his eyes flicking again to the side.
Greg huffed. “Then I’m coming with you,” he said, shrugging. “You need someone to have your back.”
Mycroft squirmed, face turning red.
Mycroft hummed. “That is a grey area,” Mycroft said thoughtfully. “For now, I think I will save pain for pleasure until I have discerned what your threshold is. Which means that punishment will be meted out in other forms.” Mycroft examined the list once more. “You have marked boot/foot worship, being locked in cages, enemas, eye contact restrictions, forced servitude, lectures for misbehavior, orgasm denial, sensory deprivation, standing in a corner and water torture as non-violent punishments. I’ve noticed a trend of isolation, mild humiliation and extreme control as forms of punishment. Does that sound right?”
“Come again?”
“Yes.”
“It’s a little small,” Mycroft said, his nose turning up in disdain. They were looking at what was generously being called a flat, but was really more of a bachelor pad. It boasted a sitting room-kitchen-dining room combo with a door that led to a small bedroom-bathroom.
Liz regarded Sherlock for a moment before nodding.
“Here,” he said handing it to Sherlock, who placed it gratefully against his bleeding nose.
Sherlock opened his eyes and cut them towards John, quickly taking in the situation. He knelt down on the floor facing them, hands hovering uncertainly in the air. John rubbed his hand soothingly up and down Liz’s arm, hoping to gently coax her awake. She continued to sob, hands and legs kicking out.
“Great. And have you found a job, John?” Evan asked after a pause, seemingly waiting for more.
“Any others catch your eye?”
“A couple of minutes,” Mycroft admitted. “Let us go inside.”
“I will not calm down until idiots get off this crime scene!”
“Cheater,” Greg chuckled good-naturedly, smacking Mycroft on the bottom as he flew past him to hide his own eggs. He decided to let Mycroft win and he would take the midnight shift.
“Goodnight, Greg,” he said once again.
Mycroft hummed and led the way, holding the door open for Sherlock and following him down the stairs. Mycroft slid into the car first as usual, Sherlock following behind and slamming the door shut.
Mycroft hung up his phone. “My staff have not spotted her on any CCTV yet, but they will continue looking.”
“Do you mind if I take a look? I’m a doctor.”
“Do you feel like anything particular this morning?”
“Thanks,” Sherlock said happily. “Story?”
“Son, there is something we must discuss,” Mummy Holmes started.
They ate in relative silence, the other three occupants of the table making odd small talk but not trying to draw Sherlock into the conversation. When they were finished eating, Mummy went to the kitchen and emerged with a chocolate cake, two candles shaped in a one and a four glowed merrily on top.
“Ah constables, welcome to the crime scene. Could one of you please escort Mr. Horath off of the crime scene please?”
“That’s right, smart boy. Now, why wouldn’t you eat?”
“Hello!” Greg exclaimed, swinging her up into his arms and kissing her on the cheek. “Have you been causing trouble?”
“You’ll pick them up Monday morning?” he asked Sarah.
“It’s beautiful, sir.” She smiled at him for a moment. “Well, I’ll be leaving you two now. There’s a car downstairs waiting for you. I’ll be available by phone if you need me.”
They drank their tea and chatted easily as Greg bounced Jackie on his knee, and when he was done he handed her back to Mycroft and made his way towards the door. “You be good for daddy now,” he said as he exited. “Don’t give him too much trouble.” Then he smiled at Mycroft. “I’ll see you soon.”
“What, no cuddles for me?” Greg asked her, softly smiling. Leaning down, he put her on the ground and let her crawl towards the police dog that lay forgotten on the floor. Greg didn’t notice when Mycroft came back into the room, too engrossed watching Jackie.
“For now, at any rate.”
“That’s not true!” He stalked swiftly over to Sherlock and, before John could react, punched him in the nose.
“Of course,” Mycroft answered. “Well, since I’ve met him I’ll allow you to go out with him, but you must be home by 12:30 at the latest.”
“Let me get her bottle,” Mrs. Hudson said, standing and moving to prepare a bottle.
“You’re getting too big for that,” he grumbled as he wrapped an arm around her waist, keeping her from sliding off. “Let’s see, then.” He watched over her shoulder as Liz tore the letter open, barely looking at the envelope addressed to “Liz Watson-Holmes, upstairs bedroom, 221 B Baker Street”.
“Gorgeous,” Mycroft repeated, cupping Greg’s chin in his hand and tilting his head up. “Now Greg, we are about to start a scene. Are you okay with that?”
“You brought her into the hospital?” a soft voice came from the head of the bed.
“That’s only a block that way,” John said, pointing the way. He started walking at a brisk pace, trying hard not to break out into an all-out run. It was hard to navigate around the sheer amount of people present, but John managed and Sherlock stuck close behind him. John was scanning the press of bodies for one specific brown head.
“Sure,” Greg said, taking the glass. “You cuddle with your baby, I’ll be right back with tea for us. No getting out of bed, okay?” Greg’s tone left no room for argument.
“Exactly,” Greg said, still smiling disarmingly.
“That’s alright,” she said calmly. “We’ve got one more to look at today.”
“This teaming up against me is unappreciated,” Mycroft said as he loosened his tie.
“It’s a common way of communicating in the wizarding world,” John said as he finished typing a message to Hermione. “Frankly, it’s still more reliable than technology when you’re in a magic-saturated place.”
“Lingerie,” John said.
“My brother is coming to collect me,” Sherlock said on the end of a put-upon sigh.
“May I put your collar on?” Mycroft asked in a rough voice.
“Thank you,” Mycroft murmured, looking quickly at Greg. “I do need this.”
Greg cleared his throat. “Yeah.” He turned away from Mycroft and walked to the front door. “Who’s driving?”
“John, did you see that?” Sherlock asked incredulously.
Mycroft looked back up at Greg for a moment before stalking over to him and handing Jackie back to him.
“I always wash my hands!”
“Great, now cut these carrots in half and get them on the stove as well.”
“Sherlock, did you do that?” John asked calmly, pointing at the nappies and toy box.
A string of expletives exploded out of John as he yanked Sherlock up by the arm. “Get behind me and let’s go!” he shouted, sprinting out of the alley.
Mycroft nodded. “I will have you brought to my medical facility, where you will be held until we have collected your team. Then we may discuss further.” Mycroft nodded at her, pulling out his phone and texting instructions to his people.
“Sorry,” John replied. “It’s quite amazing, honestly.”
Greg arrived twenty minutes later, knocking at the door. Mycroft let him in gratefully, looking lost and a little hopeless. Jackie’s crying had slowed fractionally, but now her nose was running at an alarming rate.
“You can hold my hand while he does it,” Sherlock offered.
“Brother,” Sherlock greeted.
The couple had implemented date nights when they both found that they were too busy to consistently see each other romantically. Although they both usually ended up in the same bed for at least an hour each night, they had gone through day- or week- patches of not seeing or interacting with each other in the past. Therefore, they made a policy to implement date nights when one or both was feeling the need to see the other.
“Thanks,” John said, sitting at the kitchen table. John reached out with his free hand and cupped Sherlock’s face. “You okay?”
“Come, let’s go.” Hermione stood up and turned to her colleagues. “Finish up here and we’ll meet back at the office, alright?”
John took Liz’s hand and she let go of Rose’s.
Greg shifted slightly to the side so that John could see the young girl in the closet.
“Not quite,” the boy admitted. “She’s my older sister, although she probably is under a table right now.”
“Ready, brother?” Mycroft asked, picking up his umbrella.
“Take your hand off me.”
There was a note of panic in Sherlock’s voice that John had never heard before, and it grounded him. Clearly he would need to be the composed one this time.
“Yeah,” John answered, handing Rosie over to Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson returned with the bottle and handed it to Sherlock. Feeling a little out of his depth, Sherlock brandished the bottle and aimed it at Rosie. He put the nipple to her lips and was thankful when she latched on eagerly.
“Perhaps. I saw a little bit of Sherlock in her. It’s been years since he was that small, obviously, but it’s in the eyes. They’ve got the same eyes.”
“You look smashing,” said a voice, and Sherlock jumped and turned around, looking for the source of the voice.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” Sherlock answered at the same time as Alice, who shouted “Chocolate cake!”
“It’s just something that you do with a baby, not a child. Where’d you learn that?”
“Yes, well you didn’t figure out what was stolen, now did you?”
"No," Mycroft responded sternly. "I will take care of her. For now at least." An inexplicable sense of protectiveness washed over him and he looked down at the little girl sleeping peacefully in his arms. Silently, he promised never to let her go.
John followed behind him. “Liz, this is Mycroft. He’s Sherlock’s brother.”
“Good boy. Now, how do you feel about eating?”
Liz shrugged.
“Jackie, please stop crying,” he said gently around the lump in his throat. “Please, for me,” he stood in place, rocking and bouncing and waffling about what he should do. Sherlock had clearly been affected by Jackie’s distress and so Mycroft didn’t want to call him and John back, but he also wanted a second opinion on what to do. He remembered Lestrade’s words from the night before as he was leaving.
“Yes but I don’t know those people and therefore I don’t trust those people,” Greg said as if that explained everything.
“I’m going on a date,” he called to the upside down closed door.
“Alright,” Sherlock replied, flopping onto his back on the sofa. Holding his phone above his head, he typed out a message.
“Hands behind your head!” John barked and Sherlock quickly obeyed with a soft growl. “Seven minutes starts now. No moving.”
“Before I and your father were blessed with you and your brother, we were approached by the government and offered a chance to be part of an experiment. This experiment was designed to create a new generation, a better generation, a more peaceful generation. It was intended to create harmony between humans by genetically pre-disposing them to working better together. We decided to partake in the opportunity presented to us.” As scientists themselves, the Holmes’ had jumped at the chance to be part of such a ground-breaking experiment.
Ten minutes later, Sherlock was gently snoring in John’s lap and John thought he had never felt so in love. Gently he eased his fingers out of Sherlock’s hair, knowing Mycroft would be coming home soon. “Sherlock?” he called gently, tapping him lightly on the shoulder. “Sherlock, wake up.” Sherlock’s eyes slowly cracked open.
Greg tightened his hold on Jackie, who squirmed in response. “Shhh,” he soothed, rubbing her back. He could feel sweat sliding down his spine.
Greg took a deep, shaky breath. “There’s something else,” he admitted after a moment.
“Okay. Anything you want to talk about?”
“On the count of three. One,” John knelt down. “Two,” John grabbed the skin of Jackie’s arm between thumb and forefinger. “Three.” John quickly stuck the needle in, depressing the plunger and pulling out the needle. As soon as the needle was inserted, Jackie screamed a blood-curdling howl, pulling against Mycroft. Mycroft held on tighter burying his face in her hair and humming soothingly in her ear. It did nothing as Jackie tried to twist out of Mycroft’s grip. John watched Mycroft as he tightened his arms around Jackie; he also watched as Mycroft let a mask of indifference slip over his expression, going glacially cold. Worried at what that meant, he hastened to finish up.
Sherlock grumbled but didn’t put up a fuss when John pulled the plug in the bath, slowly draining the water. John gave Sherlock his hand and helped him up and out of the bath. He wrapped a big fluffy towel around him, rubbing his down until he was completely dry. Then, he got him to lie down on the floor while he put on his new nappy and his pajamas.
The woman sat in stony silence, arms bound to the back of the wooden chair she was seated in. They were in one of Mycroft’s many abandoned warehouses, Mycroft facing the woman as two of his men stood watch at the door.
"All it took was killing a man to earn your trust, eh?" Mycroft asked drily. He took a moment to lean against the wall and looked down at the baby, noticing a small bracelet on her wrist. 'Jaclynn-13522' was engraved on it, similar to a medical emergency bracelet. He noticed that now that the child had calmed somewhat, she was still very warm to the touch, which was worrying. "Well, Jaclynn, we'd best get moving." Tucking the girl closer to him, Mycroft started running once more down the hallway, each breath burning a little more. When he reached the end of the hallway, he ran headlong into another man. Lifting his gun on instinct, it took him a few seconds to recognize the man as one of his own people.
“Hi John,” Greg said in greeting.
“Come back here, you wanker,” John goaded, hooking his hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulling him in for another kiss. Sherlock let himself get pulled in for a moment while he dug in his pocket for his ringing phone. He let out a triumphant grunt before pulling back once again from John and looking down at the screen.
“But John that’s not fair!”
Slipping into the sitting room, Mycroft picked up a stuffed animal and the set of blocks with the periodical elements on them. He brought them back into the kitchen, dropping them on the floor beside Jackie and making sure she was confortable before he turned to the multitude of bags.
They wandered down the street, Rose stopping at every one. Liz followed gamely behind, peering into every window with wonder. When they happened upon Flourish and Blotts, Liz gasped and her eyes widened.
Both men looked at each other, Mycroft a touch more panicked than Greg.
“Yeah, I’d say you’re probably right,” John answered coldly. They lapsed into silence.
“What is it, Liz?” Sherlock asked gently.
“That’s a pretty mouth,” he heard from beside him. His eyes darted quickly to the side, quickly taking in the tall, leggy brunette now standing beside him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m fine,” Mycroft snapped. He knew he was acting irrational in his anger but couldn’t seem to stop.
“The curtains, the picture frame, his sleeve, the hair on his shoulder that isn’t his, the footprint outside the window. Do I need to continue?”
“And for the record, no, it’s not our dynamic,” Greg said around a mouthful of egg.
“It has relevance because I need to know you are going to come home to this little girl and that you are going to come home okay and frankly, she’s too young to worry so that comes down to me so now I’m worrying for the both of us and I care about you!” he practically shouted. He paused, catching his breath and controlling his voice. “You are such a great father, and you need to make sure that you come home alive for her and for… me.” Greg stood there and glared at Mycroft for a moment before turning and heading to the kitchen, Jackie still on his hip.
“Come.” Sherlock said, taking John’s hand and leading him into the kitchen. He sat him at the table and moved to the kettle. “Food?” Sherlock asked him.
“Okay,” Greg said pliantly, letting himself be helped out of the shower, dried off and led into the bedroom. Mycroft pulled back the sheets, allowing Gregory to crawl naked. He crawled in next to him, wrapping his arms securely around Greg.
“No need to apologize, just want you to know you don’t need to worry about bothering us.” John didn’t wait for an answer, just turned and headed for the kitchen. “Want to keep me company?”
“Go in?” she asked, tugging on John’s hand.
John smiled and rolled his eyes, turning to look at Sherlock and Liz. “Do you want to try them on?”
“Hello boys,” their father greeted from his perch on his comfortable leather chair.
“Liz,” he said gently, “look at me.” She shook her head, shoulders hunching further upwards.
“Toast and fried eggs, then.”
“I’m sure Marcia told you it was-“
Mycroft looked confused and stunned at Greg’s sudden outburst. “I don’t see why this is a problem. It’s no hardship on my part to provide the funds for the flat.”
“Yes John.”
“I’ll get her,” John stopped her and moved to the other room. Peering in, he saw Rosie’s travel cot set up in the corner of Mrs. Hudson’s sitting room. “Hello, Rosie,” John cooed, reaching into the cot and pulling her out. “I’ve missed you.” He pulled her close, burying his nose in her head and inhaling her baby scent. She fussed a little but calmed down in her father’s arms, flailing a small fist. “Yes, yes, I know,” he cooed softly. “Do you need a change?” He lifted her so that he could smell her nappy. “Yes, indeed.” He went back out into the kitchen. “Mrs. H, where’s her bag?”
“I think that would be best, for right now,” John answered. “As long as you don’t mind having her in the flat?”
“Ready for your robes?” John asked, standing from his chair. She nodded, holding her arms out behind her and letting John slide the robes on. He quickly fastened the clasp, stepping back and smiling. He could feel a warm glow emanating from his chest, and he looked away before he got too emotional.
Greg could hear Mycroft talking as he approached the door to the flat.
“Pardon?”
Hermione stood. “I have to get back to the office. We’ll be in touch. John it was nice to see you, Sherlock, nice to meet you and Liz, I hope you feel better.” With that, Hermione walked over to the fireplace and pulled a small pouch out of her bag. She took a pinch of Floo Powder out of the bag and stepped into the fireplace. In a rush of bright light and a muffled “Ministry”, she was gone.
“Liz, can you look at me?”
“What? No, we can’t do that. Isn’t it illegal or something?”
Mycroft was momentarily taken aback. “I beg your pardon?”
“If we feel ourselves nearing that point, or if we notice it in the other, we make time to take care of each other,” Mycroft answered, Greg nodding along with him.
“I don’t need your permission,” Mycroft snapped.
“Thanks Sherlock,” John said warmly. “You’re a good submissive.” Sherlock tried to quash the warm feeling that wriggled in his stomach for a moment before deciding the effort wasn’t worth it. Although they hadn’t engaged in any sort of dynamic play, it was the small things like John constantly looking out for him or Sherlock continuously trying to make John proud that helped them know they were compatible. “Now, how do you take your tea?”
“Just stay still,” Greg told Mycroft, gently running his hand down Mycroft’s hair. “It’s almost done.”
“Yes,” Greg said immediately.  He moved to the head of the bed and took Mycroft’s hand in his own.
“My food intake was monitored as a child,” Sherlock said. “I’m not sure if it was part of the experiment, or just my parents being anal, but because of it I’ve always been self-conscious of what and how I eat.”
“Ready?” John asked, looking down at Liz. She looked unsure, staring at the flame. “I promise it doesn’t hurt.”
Because his back was turned, Sherlock didn’t see the woman slink out of the shadows behind him and leap over the body, shoving him into the ground before scampering out of the alley and down the street.
“Indeed.”
Several doors lined a circular waiting room. There was a cluster of chairs in the center circled around a low table. Anthea led them to one of the doors, knocking twice before entering. John and Sherlock followed behind her.
“Gregory.” Mycroft’s tone dropped half a pitch and he focused entirely on Greg. “Go get the box.”
“What about me what?” Sherlock asked, going to sit beside Liz.
“But not tonight.”
“See that you do,” she said with no bite in her tone. “And keep me updated, mind.”
“Cocoa is always the answer,” Sherlock said sagely. “Or sugar in general.”
“I’ve contacted Dr. Watson and apprised him of the situation, he will be over tomorrow to look over the injury. You should probably get some sleep while he does, he will be difficult once he’s awake.”
“Alright.”
“Of course,” Greg said, handing Jackie over to Mycroft. He pulled her close, kissing both her cheeks and tucking her under his chin, burying his nose in her hair.
“It’s got one more trick,” Mycroft said. “Close it, hold it close, and say Lumos.”
“One a scale of one to ten, how would you rate your relationship?”
“Well it can’t very well be suicide, John.”
“Alright,” Mycroft said, in control of the situation once more. Looking around, he saw only one other group at another table a few feet away and glared at them until he was sure they weren’t staring. Satisfied, he turned back to Greg, whose pupils had blown wide. “Jealous type, huh?” he asked, voice a little rough.
“We won’t be moving right away,” Mycroft said after a minute. “The fact that we’re looking is good enough for them to give me the job. I won’t be leaving for a while yet. Enough time for you to get annoyed by me, for sure.”
John tossed and turned for hours until finally falling into a fitful sleep.  When he woke, the weak light of morning was shining through the curtains. John rolled over and looked at the clock. Neon numbers blinked 6:30 back at him. He sighed and rolled out of bed, throwing on a robe and heading straight downstairs.
“Fine,” he grumbled, swooping in to take Jackie from Mycroft. “Let’s go show Lestrade what you learned.”
“Thanks,” Greg said a little clearer, wrapping his arms shamelessly around Mycroft like an octopus and cuddling in close. An arm slung around Greg’s back and drew him closer to Mycroft’s heat.
“You angry? Gonna give me back?”
“Shall we?” Mycroft said when Greg lowered his hand.
Sherlock, caked from the knees down in mud, stomped over to the stairs. “No!” he shouted back petulantly.
“I think you can get it,” Greg replied sharply. Mycroft looked over at Greg, his brow furrowed.
“Who’d want a freak like him anyway?” the woman sneered, turning on her heel and leaving. The other two quickly followed after shooting murderous looks at Sherlock.
Eventually Jackie grew tired, crawling back towards Greg and holding her arms to be picked up. Greg scooped her up and held her close. “How about a story?” he asked her, leaning down and picking up the first picture book he saw. It was “The Jolly Postman”, one of Greg’s favourites. He read it to her, holding it so she could see and touch the pages as he was reading. Soon she was leaning her head back against his chest, fast asleep. Greg stopped reading, putting the book down beside him and closing his eyes. He figured he was safe to rest them for a moment.
Sherlock went limp, resigned to his fate. John, assuming he’d get compliance, went to lift Sherlock by the armpits. As he did, Sherlock leapt back into action, slithering out of John’s grasp. “No!”
“Yes,” he sighed, bowing his head.
When he was done, John pulled out his wand and waved it, prompting his and Liz’s empty plates to float up and into the kitchen. Liz’s eyes grew wide as she watched it happen.
“Some people move quickly,” Sherlock commented, grimacing at the thought of meeting someone once and dedicating oneself to them for the rest of their lives. Mycroft didn’t comment, opting to look at his phone instead.
“Well, it is what will become the foundation of our relationship, in a way. Best to get my two cents in while I can.”
“Isn’t there a department dedicated to placing the Trace?” John asked.
“I can take no credit for that,” Mycroft said as he emerged from the bathroom, straightening his tie.
A soft light began to emanate from the wood in the locket, the light dancing off the silver filigree.
“It’s because she gets to spend time with both of us,” Greg said. Just then the waitress came back with their food. She placed both plates on the table and smiled at Jackie before leaving them to eat. The two men ate quickly, only speaking a little.
Lacey shook her head, eyes watery.
“Yes,” Greg agreed with a fond sigh. He really did like the flat, both it’s open layout and fantastic view.
“I could have punched him first.” At John’s disapproving look, Sherlock blushed. “Sorry. I could have told the D.I. what the imbecile was doing, ask that he be removed from the crime scene.”
Hermione looked sad. “Hi Liz,” she echoed, kneeling down so that she was at eye-level with her. “My name’s Hermione and I’m here to help you.”
Mycroft looked to Sherlock. “Her teddy bear is in her room, could you grab that?”
Greg moved to the sitting room when he was done to find a drowsy Jackie propped on Mycroft’s chest, head supported in his large hand.
“Yes, but you didn’t need to react the way you did.” John gently felt Sherlock’s nose, feeling for breaks. “That’s broken,” he confirmed, turning and digging an ice pack out of the first aid kit. “Here,” he handed it to Sherlock. “How could you have handled the situation differently?” If Sherlock was going to act like a child, he would be treated like one. Although John was still annoyed at him and his behavior, treating his broken nose had helped calm John somewhat.
John sighed and nodded. “I thought the same.” He looked to the kitchen. “Tea?”
“I would love a date night,” Greg admitted.
“Yeah, but it’s far away from any major streets where you could catch a cab.”
“Ah, making your sub do all the work. I see.” Sherlock avoided making eye contact with Mycroft.
“What is all the noise out here?” Mycroft asked as he entered the room, the smile on his face softening his words. “It sounds like there is positively too much giggling.”
“You may be what he needs, John Watson,” Greg said drily.
The man had bee shot twice in the chest, bullet holes bleeding out and creating a pool of blood under him. He was on his back and dressed in a dirty, off white t-shirt and dark, flour stained pants.
“Sounds good to me.”
“We probably don’t want them to see us carrying out a child that wasn’t here previously?”
“No,” John answered, frustrated. “Just to protect. The weak, the strong, anyone who needs help.”
They exited the vehicle, going up to their flat. “I am going to do some work,” Mycroft said as he hung up his jacket, scooping up his laptop and carrying it to his room.
“Well, since we haven’t ironed out limits yet, your punishment will be that we will start at the beginning of the list again, and you will repeat each item that I say and then give me an honest number. Am I clear?”
Sherlock resisted for a moment, digging around in his pocket until he came up with a card with his name and number on it. “If you ever need my help. This is where you can reach me.” With that, he handed the card to the officer.
"Sir?" Anthea poked her head into the ambulance. "All done?"
“That works both ways, trust me,” John smirked. “But now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m pretty tired myself so I think I’ll be heading home. Goodnight, and congrats on the flat.”
“Whiskey again?” the bartender asked.
“Yes sir,” she said, pulling smoothly into traffic. She weaved the car deftly between the others, getting them out of London in record time. Greg and Mycroft rode in silence as they watched the city peter out around them, Greg quietly handing over Jackie to Mycroft once they both had settled.
“Ah yes, allow me to introduce you. Mr. Lestrade, this is Jackie. Jackie, this is Gregory Lestrade. I recently… acquired her. She is not mine biologically.” Jackie was sat on Mycroft’s hip and stared at Lestrade with unwavering eyes.
“Wait, you’ve heard of it? Where?” John watched Sherlock as he gingerly sat in his own chair.
“A success,” Sherlock agreed, eyes already closed. “Can we have a blanket?”
“It never came up, sir. I wasn’t ever on a case with him, so I didn’t think it was important.”
“And how long have you two been together?”
“Very good,” Mycroft praised. Jackie let out a little giggle before a blank look washed over her face, followed by a furrowing of her small brow. “What’s the matter?” Mycroft asked. The other two men were watching him and Jackie, and Greg let out a little chuckle.
“Yes, a full night’s sleep seems to have done wonders.” They let silence reign once more, only broken by Jackie’s giggles on Mycroft’s lap. All three men sat and watched Jackie play innocently, unaware of the tension in the room.
“Next one,” John called over Jackie’s wails, pinching the skin on her left arm and getting the needle in and out of her arm as quickly as possible. “Last one,” John said, coming closer to Mycroft and Jackie.
“Like a relationship?”
“Don’t worry, we’ll be there with you the entire time, and you won’t have to do anything you don’t want to.”
John just nodded, sobs still wracking his body. Sherlock carefully reached down, sliding the sheets gently from John’s legs. He moved so that he was at the head of the bed, right beside John. “Come here, John,” Sherlock said, opening his arms. There was a moment of uncertainty before John collapsed forward and into Sherlock’s arms. A few tears escaped from Sherlock’s eyes and slid silently down his cheeks. Silently, Sherlock held John and rocked him as John’s hands slowly slid from his face to grip onto Sherlock’s shoulders. He balled Sherlock’s shirt in his fists as his sobs slowly petered out into uneven breathing.
“Oh, we don’t really-” Mycroft started, flustered.
Sherlock was hot on his heels. They dashed down the street, the form in front of them shoving people out of the way as she weaved through the masses.
“Who do you work for?” Mycroft asked again conversationally.
“That’s brilliant,” John said again, looking suitably impressed.
“Sherlock, can you get her changing mat and a nappy out, please?” John asked.
“What now?” he asked Jackie. “Shall we see what Daddy brought you to play with?” Jackie clapped her hands, smiling. Moving into the sitting room, Greg opened the diaper bag and pulled out blocks, teddy and a small plastic tea set that played music when different buttons were pressed. Jackie immediately reached for the blocks, picking one up and putting it on the ground, picking up another and lining it up with the first. “Very good,” Greg praised, clapping his hands. Jackie smiled and clapped her hands in return. Picking up both blocks, she slapped them together, producing a sharp sound. She laughed maniacally, doing it a couple more times. Greg chuckled back, piling a few blocks one on top of the other. Then, with a glee reserved for childish pleasure, he knocked them down. Jackie looked shocked and a little scandalized until Greg piled a few more blocks closer to her. Carefully, she reached out and pushed them, toppling the tower over. Giggling, she clapped her hands together once more, Greg joining in.
“You should probably pick her up a car seat, hey?”
“Goodnight, John,” Mycroft said, lifting his hand. John let himself out of the flat and took the stairs quickly, emerging into the cool night air and tucking his hands into his pockets and letting a goofy grin grace his face. Pulling out his phone, he quickly typed out a text for Sherlock to read when he woke up.
“How can I help you, John?” Mycroft asked as Jackie finished her bottle, dropping it. Mycroft sighed and crouched down, picking up the bottle.
“Yes, I know he’s silly,” Greg agreed. “Now, I believe it is time to feed you. I think Daddy will be out for a little while yet. We’ll nip quickly down to the kitchen to get you a bottle and some munchies, stop by the sitting room for toys, and take up residence here, how does that sound?”
John put the mugs down on the coffee table and placed the plate of biscuits straight in Sherlock’s lap. “Eat up,” he said, resting his arm along the back of the sofa. Sherlock took a biscuit and popped it into his mouth, leaning into John. Humming happily, he leaned forward and took a sip of tea, putting the plate of biscuits on the table.
Mycroft pressed himself up against Greg in the guise of kissing him on the cheek as they proceeded forward.
“Okay, but what’s actually going to happen?”
“But you’re right,” John cut in, throwing a warning glare at Sherlock. “We should have let you handle it. We are very sorry.”
“We’ll see you later, Mycroft,” John said, and Mycroft gave a wave of his hand before letting himself out.
“Yes sir,” the driver answered. They pulled away from the curb and into the light traffic. It was before rush hour so the roads were relatively clear. In no time they pulled up to a plain brownstone building.
“Unfortunately, no,” Greg said. “We’re just going to wait on Mycroft, and then we’ll be on our way, hopefully with the rest of your company in tow.”
“No,” Sherlock mumbled sullenly from behind his arms.
“Well, I told you if you told me what I wanted to know you would walk out of here. I’d like to offer you and your team a place among my staff, if you are interested.”
“Okay,” Sherlock agreed. John didn’t waste time, pulling back and hitting Sherlock on the back sharply. Sherlock sucked in a breath and let it out on a sharp exhale. “More. Please.” Sherlock ground out impatiently. John chuckled before hitting Sherlock four times in rapid succession. He made sure never to land in the same spot twice, but to evenly space out the hits. Sherlock was starting to slip into subspace, the sharp hits stinging and prompting him to simultaneously focus on the pain and let himself float in the heat on his back. His mind was going fuzzy, the onslaught blurring into one pleasantly stingy sensation. Previously he had thought that only pure pleasure would get him into true subspace, but this combination of light to moderate pain and the trust he placed in John turned the pain into a warm sort of pleasure that seeped into Sherlock’s bones. He barely noticed when John paused and then stopped hitting him with the riding crop.
Sherlock stumbled out of the bathroom a moment later, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand.
“Hi, Mrs. Hudson,” John greeted, wrapping his arm around Liz’s shoulder. “Sorry we haven’t come down to visit, we’ve been a bit busy.”
“No,” Sherlock whispered back, moving so he was on Liz’s other side. They could hear Mrs. Hudson’s steady tread on the stairs.
“Murder, obviously,” Sherlock murmured to John. “Male, mid to late forties, worked as a pet groomer. Dating three separate women, one serious and two on the side. Recently divorced. Had a hamster, probably his girlfriend's. No children.” They had drawn the attention of one of the police officers, who made his way over to them.
“Ah, my dear I’m afraid you’ve shown your hand. No use trying to stay quiet now. You clearly know something. So do you know what the experiment is about?”
When they made it back to Baker Street, John paid the cabbie and they all climbed out and up the stairs. John was helping Liz out of her coat when there was a call from downstairs.
“I’m doctor Michaels,” she greeted, extending her hand.
“It’s not ridiculous,” Sherlock murmured petulantly.
He was met with the sight of the same scientist as last time, but this time she was sitting at the desk, notes spread out in front of her. Instead of looking at the notes, however, she was looking at the door with the gun pointed directly at it.
Well, I've finished writing the last three chapters, so now it's just a matter of seeing if I can wait a week to post each or if I just dump them all. Anyway, enjoy this one!
“And I thought, if we were both feeling up to it when we were done, we might try a little scene.”
“It’s not that hard to believe,” John answered, pulling away so that he could look at Sherlock fully. “I mean, you helped that D.I. without asking for anything in return.”
“-seems she may have Apparated in her nervousness. I’ve got staff scanning CCTV as we speak.” Mycroft’s voice sounded tinny through the phone.
“What should I do?” Greg asked.
“I don’t see what’s wrong, I gave you an order, you should follow it, yes?”
“Shut it,” Greg said with no bite behind his words. He crawled on top of the sheets, still fully clothed.
“Sherlock, I respected you at the crime scene, please respect me in this.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John.
They did all the aisles, Jackie drawing attention from most of the females and some of the males in the store. This meant that Gregory was constantly stopping to make conversation with strangers while Mycroft would alternately look at food on the shelves or stand by the cart, watching Gregory field questions like a pro. It took them about three times as long to get through the grocery store because of it, but Mycroft couldn’t bring himself to care.
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock said before getting in the car.
“Yes, let’s do that,” Mycroft said, standing and pulling Greg into a standing position. “Shirt and trousers off,” Mycroft told Greg, taking the corset and collar from him. “Fold them and put them on the sofa, please.” Greg hastened to do as he was told, returning to stand in front of Mycroft. “Now, hold this.” Mycroft gave one end of the corset to Greg, circling around his back and moving back to Greg’s front. Taking the side that Gregory was holding, Mycroft did the gold clasps down the front, taking his time on each one. When he was done, he rested his hands on Greg’s chest and looked into his eyes, smiling. “Gorgeous,” he said, leaning his forehead against Greg’s. He dug his fingernails lightly into Greg’s exposed chest, leaning down to kiss him. He took control of Greg’s mouth, pressing relentlessly against him. Gliding his nails up to Greg’s shoulder, he pushed forcefully down, prompting Greg to kneel.
“If you insist.” The boys went to get their coats on as their mother packed up dessert.
“There are people who have broken through my security. I believe they may be the same people that I rescued Jackie from. I’ve contacted my security team, there will be a car for us in short order. I’m sorry Gregory but if you want to live you’ll have to come with us.” Throughout this, Mycroft had been dashing around the sitting room, scooping up toys and freshly laundered clothes and throwing them into the diaper bag he had grabbed from the end of the sofa.
“I am not one for movies generally, so I leave it in your capable hands.”
“-victim has been identified as Joe Laroque, owner of a small bakery down the street. Any ideas?”
“We’ll take this one then,” Greg said, picking up Skyfall. “Should we pick one up for Jackie?”
“Sherlock, do you feel you’ve talked adequately about those feelings?” Evan at up in hi seat, eyes growing more intense.
“No, I’ll take it,” Mycroft responded. “I don’t think I’ll be getting much sleep, and wouldn’t want to keep you up.”
“I think it’s time you come up, now love.”
“Thought I‘d pop by and give Jackie her pokes. Also, as soon as this one woke up he got on every nurses nerves, and was discharged into my care so he could get on MY nerves. He’s been in a strop since then so I thought visiting Jackie might help.” John didn’t mention that he also wanted to distract Sherlock so that he wouldn’t go gallivanting about and pull his stitches. Mycroft easily read the truth of John’s words on him and stepped aside to allow them to enter. Wordlessly he pointed Sherlock to his recently vacated chair, plopping Jackie into his lap and pointing to the half-eaten container of food. Sherlock rolled his eyes and grumbled about doing Mycroft’s job, but dutifully scooped the pears onto the spoon and into Jackie’s mouth.
Thank you for reading, my life is starting to slow down so hopefully I will be able to post a little more regularly!
“Look me in the eye,” Mycroft said forcefully. Reluctantly, Sherlock dragged his eyes upwards until they connected with Mycroft’s. “I promise I will do all I can to make sure you are happy, understand?” Mycroft’s hand slid to the back of Sherlock’s neck, keeping their eyes connected.
“He puts you in subspace often?” Evan double-checked, a hint of annoyance evident in hi eyes.
Thanks for reading, I'm going to try to do weekly updates, so please stay tuned!
“Well yes, but how are we to have company? There’s really not much room.”
When he next looked up, Liz’s plate was clean and Sherlock’s was half gone. John smiled softly and finished off his own toast.
“Fair enough.”
“I’m Marica, his personal EMT. How much do you know?” She asked.
“So I was thinking that maybe we could wander down Diagon Alley and stop at anything that grabs the girls’ attention. Then maybe we could grab dinner at the Hog’s Head later.”
Greg tried not to let the abruptness hurt, and failed a little bit.
Liz hummed, peering deeper into the store at all the colourful wares. She rubbed tiredly at her eye with her free hand. Sherlock watched for any signs of distress from Liz, but she seemed at ease with Rose.
“How is he?” Mycroft asked.
Mycroft sat on the bed, blinking for a few moments. “Um.”
Mycroft arrives back from the mission, and Greg is unimpressed.
“Does it scare you?”
“I know,” he said meekly. “It seems I may have grown a touch rusty in the time that I have taken a more stationary role at my job.”
“Yes, alright.” Gently he took Jackie’s face in one hand and turned it towards John, using his thumb to press her mouth open. She struggled a bit, but seemed calmer with Mycroft’s hand on her.
“Whoa!” Sherlock yelped as she slipped out of John’s grasp. If not for Sherlock, she would have fallen to the floor. As it was, her legs flopped to the floor while her body landed in Sherlock’s lap.
Liz stared at them for a moment more but, seeing to realize she was not going to win, nodded sadly.
“Good enough?”
“How did you-?”
They made their way to the checkout, Mycroft quickly unloading his cart and watching the salesperson ring it through. He sent off a quick text to his driver, requesting he come in and help bring out his purchases. Jackie was starting to get fussy now, kicking her small legs and narrowly missing Mycroft’s crotch. She was also pursing her lips and wrinkling her nose.
“You’re too kind.” Hermione turned and looked up and down the street. “Your apartment is a few blocks away, right?”
“Could we have a moment?” John asked the D.I.
“I have more to live for now,” Mycroft agreed.
“Are we going to get our story straight, then?”
“Ah, yes, thank you,” Mycroft said, taking the bag. “I believe these will come in handy. She has been sounding particularly congested this morning.”
Sherlock sank his upper body into the bed, feet planted firmly on the ground. John let his hand rest on Sherlock’s lower back for a moment before bringing his hand back and letting it land with a sharp thwack. Sherlock wiggled a little as the light sting set in. John didn’t wait long before letting the next few land, dropping three in rapid succession. He paused for a moment, squeezing Sherlock’s ass and lightly rubbing it. Sherlock wondered when it would start feeling really good. He was intrigued by the way that his body reacted, and the light sting that was starting to permeate through his skin was nice, but overall he was feeling rather indifferent to this impact play.
“Whatever,” Sherlock grumbled, slouching down in his seat. Jus then his phone dinged, alerting him of a new text.
“And not like a raspberry colour?”
“That will be unnecessary. Please finish cleaning up the mission, and find me anything you can on Jaclynn. Then, if you could handle any other emergencies that may arise over the next few days, I will be taking the rest of the week off to get her acclimatized.”
Sherlock just hummed and readjusted his arms so that they were cushioning his head. John quickly tidied up, putting the box away and stripping down to his pants. He made a quick stop to the bathroom to collect some cooling cream from the cabinet there and moved back into the bedroom. He sat on the edge of the bed beside Sherlock and reached out, running his hand once more down Sherlock’s back, ending at the dip between his back and butt. His back was already significantly less red.
“No, but Sherlock’s working on it.”
“Red, blue, green, taupe or black. They’re in a box upstairs, would you go get it?”
Sherlock gets hurt and Mycroft has to bring Jackie to the hospital. There, she meets Greg Lestrade.
“Hey, there are people out there who like that,” John said seriously, pushing Sherlock into a sitting position. “Just because it’s not your kink doesn’t mean you get to mock it. Hell, you and I have different kinks, but you don’t mock me for mine, do you?”
“If I…” Liz started, voice cracking.
“Oh, but you just got here!”
“I have no doubt,” Greg said. They were interrupted by a wail in the next room.
“Definitely better,” Sherlock mumbled into John’s skin.
“Fine, let go, I’ll tell you,” she said finally. She gasped out an address as Mycroft let go of her shoulder. “It’s an abandoned flat that we were using,” she said as he let go, slumping in the ropes binding her to the chair.
“I don’t want anything from a manic depressive pedophile. Not to mention you’re heterosexual, why would you want anything from me?” The man’s eyes flickered quickly to the side. “Ah. I see. A dare, is it?” Sherlock sneered.
“No!” she shrieked, smiling as she did so.
Although John was eternally grateful that they had allied themselves with a smart, tolerant D.I., he didn’t particularly enjoy when the D.I. and Sherlock went head to head. Sherlock drew himself up and John could tell things were going to get ugly quickly.
“I’ll need to stitch both sides of his thigh. He’s passed out right now but he may wake up. I’m going to need you to hold his hand if that happens. Do you think you can do that?” She spoke to him simply, clearly shifting into crisis mode.
They were interrupted once more, this time by a girl with long blonde hair.
“Yes, well, Gregory and I are going looking at flats early tomorrow morning and I would like to be well rested.”
Greg could feel his resolve weakening at Mycroft’s sincere demeanor. “I’ll be contributing in part to the rent every month,” he insisted after a moment of contemplation. “And I’ll do more of the cooking.”
“About thirteen months,” Mycroft answered; these questions, he could field easily.
“No more than usual,” Greg insisted. “As long as you’ve got tea and maybe a little something to throw down my throat, I’ll be good to go. I was just going to sit on my sofa and watch the match anyway, may as well be a little more social.”
“We’ll address that in a minute. Right now I need you over my knee.” John tugged on Sherlock’s hair.
“Hello Mr. Lestrade. What can I help you with?”
“Sure,” Greg knocked his back, watching Mycroft bring the whole bottle over and place it between them.
“And how did we meet?” Mycroft asked.
“Liz, this is Sherlock. You are safe here with John and I. It is afternoon. You just ate a chocolate biscuit. Everything is okay. But you must wake up. I’m Sherlock, and this is John, and you are safe here in our flat.” He kept reiterating the same information as Liz slowly woke up, her hand reaching out to grasp onto Sherlock’s shirt as she sobbed herself into wakefulness.
Greg ached to put his hand on Mycroft but resisted, going straight to his room. He got ready and climbed into bed, reaching across to the empty expanse of bed beside him. He tossed and turned for a while, ears constantly tuned to the sitting room, before falling into a fitful sleep.
Liz gets her letter.
“Probably not,” John agreed.
“Anal plugs, small, three point five.”
Mycroft pursed his lips as Jackie continued to sob in his arms. “Alright.”
“It sounds like you are both in a very good place. And it also looks like our time is up. For our next appointment, please think of a time when you didn’t communicate properly with each other, and how that affected your relationship.”
“Wow, Myc, this is more than I was expecting. I don’t have anything for you.”
“I feel I will regret teaching her that word.”
“And I am so lucky that you agreed to give this relationship lark a try with me. I love you so much.” John was gently carding his hand through Sherlock’s curls. “I’m going to give you a massage, okay?” Sherlock hummed his assent, already slipping into a non-verbal state. John slid behind Sherlock on the sofa, gently running his hands down his neck before digging his thumbs into the meaty part right below it. He made a slow progress down Sherlock’s back, careful to touch every inch of t and to make sure very knot in Sherlock’s back got proper attention. While he was doing that, he was murmuring constant praise and affection into Sherlock’s ear, reminding him how special and loved he was.
“Ah yes, we were expecting you. It’s nice to meet you Liz.”
“So,” Violet started once the last dish had been set on the table. “What’s new?” She took a heaping scooped of mashed potatoes and dumped it on Sherlock’s plate.
“Love you, John,” Sherlock murmured as he drifted off to sleep.
“Are you done eating?” John asked jovially, trying to distract her.
“Quite,” Mycroft agreed, looking intently at his nails.
“You can’t know that just from those,” the camera technician, a man in his mid-twenties, scoffed from his position beside the body.
“That works for me.” John wrote it down. “This one you won’t like as much,” John warned, keeping a calming hand in Sherlock’s hair. “I’d like to discuss ground rules around eating and sleeping.”
“You’re wrong about the killer,” Sherlock said. “It’s not his brother, it’s one of his lovers.”
“No talking. You’ll eat everything I give you, not a morsel more and not a morsel less. And you will kneel on that rice without shifting or complaint and think about how important it is that you care for yourself and recognize how hard you work and how much you deserve every bite of this meal and every second with me. As soon as the meal is done, your punishment will be over.” Mycroft brandished the piece of carrot stick once more towards Greg. “Now eat.” Greg offered no more complaint as he gently took the carrot stick between his teeth, sucking it back and chewing efficiently. Mycroft fed him a few more carrot sticks the same way, the only sound their combined breaths and the gentle sound of chewing. Mycroft took a carrot stick for himself and ate it before picking up one half of the sandwich. He took a bite out of it, chewing and swallowing before offering the same edge to Greg. He took a careful bite, watching as Mycroft brought the sandwich to his own mouth to have another bite. About halfway through the sandwich, Greg started shifting, the rice digging deeper into his knees.
“I’ll give you to the count of three. One-“ The woman raised her gun and pointed it at Greg. Behind the woman, he could see a shadow creeping up. Another was approaching the others in the group. “Two-“ The woman didn’t get the chance to finish counting before the shadows manifested into Mycroft’s men. The one behind the woman hit her on the collarbone, breaking it and causing her to drop her weapon. Her assailant had her in handcuffs in a matter of seconds. On the other side of the alley, the remaining attackers were facing off with Mycroft’s other man. Mycroft had also pulled out a pistol and was aiming it at their attackers. Faster than anyone could react, the three attackers turned tail and ran, prompting Mycroft and his two men to chase after them. Greg stood at the entrance of the alley, effectively blocking it from prying eyes that may pass by. He watched as they all disappeared around a corner and sighed. He wished he could be chasing their attackers too instead of staying behind like a damsel in distress, but he also knew the importance of staying with Jackie. He set about calming Jackie, humming in her ear and rubbing her back, gently rocking back and forth.
“Da,” Liz said, rolling her eyes, “I’m okay at Quidditch. Rose is way better than me.”
“I love the name,” Greg said, grinning.
“You hold her, and I’ll feed her,” John said, intercepting the applesauce. Sherlock propped her up so that she was sitting in his lap, leaning against his front. John opened the applesauce and dug the spoon in, bringing it to Rosie’s lips. She opened and wrapped her lips around the spoon, leaving it clean in her wake. They sat like that until the whole container of applesauce was done and Rosie was sitting clapping her hands together, applesauce all over her face. John grabbed a wipe from the bag and wiped off her face.
“How does that feel, love?”
“Well, good thing we found each other anyway, then.” Sherlock rubbed his face into John’s shin before accepting the next piece of sandwich offered. When they had both finished their sandwiches and the mug of tea, John put the plate and mug to the side and picked up the discarded folder.
“If I must be,” Sherlock responded.
“We are going to the Ministry for Magic.”
“Did she hit you when you made lights over your bed? Or when you made a toy fly?”
“Well, I’m sure if you went over there and dominated her, her mind would change.”
“And what brings you to our town?” she asked genially.
“Good.” Sherlock closed his eyes again. “Can I hold her?” he asked quietly without opening his eyes.
More tears coursed down Liz’s cheeks. “You give me back?”
“It’ll be good for her to have a friend,” John agreed, and they sat there until John couldn’t keep his eyes open anymore, and then Sherlock took him to bed.
“It is evident by the lipstick on his collar, the different cat hairs on his pants and the stain on his left knee.”
“Hello, Gregory. Here, look a this.” Mycroft unceremoniously shoved the soiled nappy into Gregory’s hands.
The girl blinked at him for a moment before nodding hesitantly.
“What about Jackie? We shouldn’t leave her here while she’s awake.”
“We’ll be there,” John responded.
“It’s really not that small,” Greg said as he handed Jackie to Mycroft so he could remove his own coat. “Anything to eat in the house?”
“You are not coming. I already have people to have my back.”
“Do you believe me?” John asked quietly after a couple minutes of silence.
“Ah, yes, that is vomit.” He offered no further explanation, allowing Greg to draw his own conclusions.
“Maybe more than not terrible,” Sherlock teased.
“Do you feel his job takes precedence over you?”
“Sure,” Greg sighed. They sat on the floor right where they were, and Greg haltingly told Mycroft of the botched bank robbery. His eyes were dry as he sat in the comfortable embrace of Mycroft’s arms.
“Thank you,” Greg said, smiling. The hostess brought over a high chair for Jackie, which Greg was grateful for. Taking her out of the carrier, Greg set Jackie in the high chair. She tapped happily on the table part, the remnants of her digestive being smeared over the top.
“Rose seems good for her,” Sherlock answered, wrapping his arm around John.
“I’ll read through it later with you if you want,” Mycroft said. They had gotten Charlie a book that was a little more advanced, and figured it would be a good way for Mycroft and him to bond.
“Of course,” John said, taking down a copy of The Secret Garden. “Chapter six, I believe?” John flipped the book open and perched on the bed beside Sherlock’s head. He started reading, one hand holding the book while the other carded through Sherlock’s curls. He barely got half a chapter in before Sherlock was asleep, suckling softly on his pacifier and clinging onto his bee.
An insistent ringing woke Mycroft some time later. Blearily he looked at his bedside clock and noted it was 7:30 A.M. Reaching down to the floor to fish through the pockets of his pants, Mycroft found his ringing cellphone and answered it.
“Goodnight,” Greg mumbled back. “Thanks for a great time.”
Hearing Gregory’s voice snapped Mycroft out of his panicked daze. He practically ran the whole country for God’s sake, but every time Jackie so much as bumped herself he panicked.
“You don’t want to listen, you can spend five minutes in the corner.”
“I am always rational,” Sherlock interrupted, his ire ruined by the tissue he was still holding to his nose.
“Then shall we make it the park we first fictionally met?”
“D.I. Nolan, how can you help Sherlock?”
“Well that’s nice, dear. Let us know if anything comes of it.”
“It’s fine,” Greg said shrugging.
“Yes,” Mycroft said, too emotionally tired to argue. When they got to the bed Greg pulled back the blankets, ushering Mycroft in and tucking the blanket over top of him. He got in on the other side, laying down and facing Mycroft. Mycroft was curled away from him, sniffling softly.
“Rie!” Jackie said, smiling widely at Mycroft.
“Right,” Mycroft said, coming back into the sitting room as Greg finished wrapping the last present.
“Ready to go?” he asked them.
“No, brother, she was talking to this figurine of a cow,” he said, showing Sherlock the figure. Sherlock looked amused.
“What?”
“And it is delicious,” Sherlock answered solemnly, biting enthusiastically into his toast.
“Likewise,” Greg answered back. “You wanna show me how attractive you find me?”
“I think I will lay down, now,” Mycroft said. “But I will not sleep. I have done that enough, already.” Mycroft laid Jackie on her back beside him, lying on his side on the thigh that was not shot. Jackie looked at him from her position on her back. “Would you care to join us?” Mycroft asked tentatively of Greg.
“No, not tonight.” Sherlock regarded John once more before gently pulling his feet out from under John’s hands and rotating 180 degrees, plopping his head in John’s lap instead. “Continue,” he said imperiously, humming low in his throat as John’s fingers slid gently into his dark curls. John didn’t make comment, just continued to run his hands soothingly along Sherlock’s scalp and down to his neck. Sherlock’s eyes closed involuntarily and he felt his mind drift, not settling on any one particular thought.
Liz shook her head.
“True,” John acknowledged. “Between the two of us, we’ll keep you alive, yet.”
Liz nodded, a small smile quirking her lips for the first time.
“Ah.” Greg pulled Sherlock away from John by the arm. “Sherlock mate, what’s up?” He got no response.  “Look, we both know that you live for John and these cases and if you bollocks it up you will lose both, yeah?”
Liz nodded at Hermione, glancing quickly at Rose before looking away.
“One minute,” Mycroft told Jackie, leaving her happily babbling to herself in the high chair he had unpacked that morning. Reaching the sitting room, he picked up his phone.
“Yes, good. Thank you.”
They walked out to a small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but a dustbin and a few weeds. John pulled out his wand and reached forward, tapping the wall three times with the point. The wall came to life, bricks moving and slotting themselves in place to reveal an archway on to a cobbled street. The street wound down and around and out of sight, bracketed on either side by crooked buildings proclaiming the selling of various wares that Liz had never seen. The Alley was relatively quiet, only a few shoppers wandering up and down the street. To her left, she saw a group of women surrounding a tub filled with what seemed to be various plants. To her right, she saw a shop who’s display window was filled with various cauldrons and gems displayed on velvet cushions. She gravitated towards the window, pulling John and Sherlock behind her. She stood staring in at the shiny jewels, looking to Sherlock to see if he was just as impressed.
Liz seemed to be the only one not crying, standing apart from everyone else with wide eyes. She flung herself into John’s arms when they entered, burrowing her face in John’s jumper.
“M’kay,” Greg heaved a deep-belly sigh. Slowly rousing himself, he put his hand on Mycroft’s thigh and rubbed his face into Mycroft’s knee lie a kitten reluctant to wake from a nap, whining a little bit in his throat.
“Oy!” the boy cried indignantly. “What the bloody hell?”
“Pretty,” Liz said reverently from John’s arms.
“Your turn to take her,” Greg said, handing Jackie off to Mycroft. “You may want to pick up some sort of strap-on carrier as well.”
“Mummy hit me when I was bad,” Liz said. “She got real angry.”
“I would be delighted.” Mycroft turned to Sherlock. “I have my phone on me if you need a quick extraction from a sticky situation, otherwise I’ll see you at eleven thirty.”
“Of course I want to have a relationship with you, I love you. What does that have to do with anything?”
“Yes,” Greg said.
“What a charmer,” Greg commented with a chuckle and a shake of his head as he moved back into the kitchen to take the pasta off the burner. Dumping it into two bowls, he brought them both out into the sitting room and placed one beside Mycroft on the floor, sitting down beside the bowl. Both men were now facing Jackie as she dropped the blocks in favour of the tea set.
Greg decided to bite the bullet. “Yeah, this is Mycroft Holmes, brother of Sherlock Holmes. He is also my partner.”
“Hermione, it’s been a while.” John put down his wand and moved forward, giving her a one-armed hug. “Are you still in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures?”
“I know you have a premature ejaculation problem,” Sherlock started. “And that you cry every time your mother leaves the house for an extended period of time. Also your taste in beer is atrocious,” Sherlock nodded to the offending beer in the other man’s hand.
“Yes, sir,” John responded. He unsubtly elbowed Sherlock in the ribs.
“Serving as art, two.”
“How do you figure that?” the D.I. asked, pulling level with Sherlock.
“ You’re okay.” John, throwing all caution to the wind, reached forward and effortlessly pulled Liz into his arms. As he did, he heard a loud thud behind him.
She frantically shook her head and her hand tightened. John bit his lip but didn’t argue.
“That’s the wand shop,” John answered, leading her over hand-in-hand. “Do you want to go in?”
“And then you went and hid in the closet?” John asked.
“Hilarious, brother,” Mycroft answered back with a small roll of his eyes.
“There you go, then.” He paused for a moment. “Although you do know that you can call John if you’re ever concerned? Or do a quick internet search? Not that I’m not pleased that you asked me, because I really am, and I love getting to see you and Jackie on a regular basis.”
A little while later Sherlock came to, realizing with a jolt that his brother was perched on the edge of his bed and was running his hand through his inky curls. Sherlock also noted with slight disgust that he was relaxing involuntarily into the soothing touch.
“He is training to be a police officer at New Scotland Yard,” Mycroft said. “He comes from a family of French bakers. His favorite color is green.”
“We have not discussed it,” Mycroft dismissed, meeting Sherlock’s eyes for a second before glancing out the window.
“Why do they want that?”
Liz looked apprehensively up at him.
“You’re just like your brother, aren’t you?” Greg asked.
“They tried,” Greg admitted. “I insisted that I stay and finish the paperwork; I didn’t want to be home alone for that long.”
“Yes, I remember.” Sherlock smiled coolly. “Why did you come to my rescue just now? Do you think I’m some damsel who needs saving?”
“Well of course I did, I just didn’t think you would reciprocate.”
“Yes,” John answered, pulling the paper closer and picking up a crayon. He idly started doodling little animals. Sherlock followed John’s example and picked up another crayon, taking his own paper and beginning to doodle.
Liz hesitated before nodding, pulling away completely from John.
"No, sir," she replied.
“I wonder what’s going on,” Greg said softly to Jackie in a silly voice, keeping her entertained. She chortled in response.
“Lestrade.”
“Do you like to draw, Liz?”
“No, no, no,” Sherlock cried, trying to crowd himself into the corner of the bed, still curled in a ball. “No spanking!”
“That is acceptable,” Sherlock replied. “Next.”
“I’ll text you and we can set up another date,” Mycroft murmured to Greg, taking both his hands and leaning in close. Gently he pressed their lips together, relishing in the feel of Greg melting against him and feeling Greg’s hands tightening in his own. “Goodnight,” Mycroft whispered against Greg’s lips when they pulled away.
“Alright, that’s enough, stop provoking him,” John said, hailing a cab for the two of them.
“Well I can’t say much more than a botched mission,” Mycroft admitted, picking her up and propping her on his shoulder after grabbing a nearby muslin.
“We’re on vacation here,” Greg said, taking over as Mycroft found the bottle of juice and handed it to Jackie.
Sherlock pulled his lips away from John’s with a small pop.
“Good,” John said once Sherlock had settled once more. “Are you feeling okay?”
“You don’t even know me,” the man spluttered.
“Make sure he’s looked after. He’s not as strong as he thinks he is.”
“Anal plugs, small.”
“Well he shouldn’t have gotten shot. Then he wouldn’t have this problem.”
“Of course,” Greg said, forcing his eyes from the thin strip of skin he could see peeking from Mycroft’s shirt. As Mycroft shifted away from the bed Greg squeezed past, narrowly avoiding dragging his front against Mycroft’s. Looking away, Greg focused on Jackie, picking up the dress that was laid out beside her and slipping it on.
Thoughts flitting relentlessly from one side of his head to another, Greg sat down on the couch and wearily rubbed his hands over his face. Scrubbing his hands briskly through his hair, Greg released a shaky breath and then dropped his hands between his knees. They blurred out of focus as he sunk into his mind, lost in the flurry of thoughts flying around like a blizzard in his brain.
“No, Liz, you’re not. You’re so good.” Sherlock rocked her gently until her sobs turned into two slowing tear streams.
“Bee,” Sherlock answered, looking adoringly up at John.
“Someone just tried to kill you. Shouldn’t you be laying low for the next couple of days?”
“We’re here to help you, alright Liz?”
Usually I have a Sherlock-John portion and Greg-Mycroft portion, but I didn't have time for both so you only get Sherlock-John. I'll write a Greg-Mycrfot accompanying one eventually though, no worries.
“Good.” Mycroft lifted Greg’s paper so that he could read from it. “First, I’d like to address the aromas portion. You said you don’t like the idea of your heart and breathing being accelerated. I respect and understand that completely, but would you be opposed to me using scented oils and incense meant to relax?”
"Good to hear. You take care of that little one now, okay?"
“Yes, of course.” Mycroft handed Jackie once more to Greg, who took her to the kitchen table and sat on the chair that had earlier been occupied by Sherlock. He picked up the teddy bear and held it in front of Jackie, bopping it’s nose against hers and making her giggle. Greg and Mycroft both smiled at her as her face lit up.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered curtly.
“It’ll only be for two hours,” John said soothingly, looking down at Liz. “Sherlock and I will be right around the corner. If you need us, we won’t be far, alright?”
“I think your rib is fractured. Do you mind if I use magic to heal it?”
“Well then, what colours do you prefer? Top five?”
“Anything suspicious in there?” Greg asked with a small smirk.
“Eating slows down my thinking,” Sherlock mumbled.
She started sobbing again, all the fight going out of her. John sat and rocked her for what felt like hours, until her sobs slowed and her eyes fell closed as she cried herself to exhaustion.
Liz glanced at a small mannequin wearing bright, flowery robes before quickly looking away.
“He’s constantly running around expecting me to keep up and placing his toe over the line every day. And I wouldn’t change it for the world.”
“Pirates, mermaids or ducks?”
“Her mother left when she was ten, and the money coming from the experiment is the only thing that kept them afloat,” Mycroft deduced of the dark-haired female standing several feet away from them.
“Good,” Greg smiled at Mycroft. “Wanna finish getting her food?”
“Very good,” Mycroft praised, laying her on the table and laying the soiled muslin beside her. Removing her diaper, Mycroft looked and noticed a rash starting to form on her bum, and added cream to the mental list of things that needed to be picked up. He put the new one on her, quickly slipping her into the onesie and snapping it up. “There, that’s better,” he crooned softly at her.
“Work. I called him and he’s on his way over.”
“Hmm,” Mycroft hummed non-committedly.
“You just pull them over your Muggle clothes. Here,” John opened the blue set of robes, holding them out so that Liz could put her arms in the sleeves. He rested the fabric on her shoulders then he did the small dark blue clasp at the front by the clavicle, tugging gently on the front to straighten them out. “There you go. You look like a beautiful young witch,” he beamed at her, watching as she held out her sleeves in front of her and inspected them. She looked up, a small smile gracing her lips. She rotated back and forth, letting the robes gently swish around her.
After a few long moments, the dark-haired man looked up at John, and the doctor could feel the man surveying him with his keen eyes. “Five minutes?” he asked, after what felt like an eternity.
“And now you’re thinking that I’m an insufferable twat.”
“Of course it’s for
“And don’t say you’ve lost the ability to fight, because you shot three men this evening and fought hand-to-hand with another man twice your size and you prevailed.” His eyebrows rose, daring John to counter him.
"And, what, he repays you in dry-cleaning services for the time you stopped people stealing his ham-hocks?" John asked, smile quirking his lips.
HEYYY LOOK EXCITING THINGS ARE HAPPENING! ANOTHER CHAPTER IS ON THE HORIZON, SO STAY TUNED!
about
“Not a problem,” he chirped, “I’m adept with a lockpick.”
“Not if we end up killing each other first,” John murmured light-heartedly, smiling when Sherlock snorted.
“Yeah?” John prompted, seemingly realising that he’d been scrubbing at the spoon for a few moments too long as he put it hastily aside on a small towel with the other clean dishes to dry. He turned off the tap, and shook his hands dry as he turned to lean back against the counter. His brow had taken on creases borne of inquisitiveness rather than concentration. Sherlock wondered absently if he should catalogue just how the creases in John’s face changed according to each expression the man adopted.
Alright, time to address the hiatus: Personal things and school things and life things happen sometimes, and I am infinitely apologetic for letting it get in the way of this story. I really like this story, and I am definitely going to finish it. I have a couple chapters outlined now, so I'll post more soon.
“Hmm?”
The doctor gave a hum in response before taking a breath. “Shall we, then?” he asked, and swung his leg forward to hop down off of the concrete slab and into the gravel lot. “What did that note say?” He strolled forward a few steps, eyes narrowing at the neat line of four narrow warehouses a fair distance ahead, each covered with weathered, red paint. “Number two? Something about a ladder?”
“I have a particular… talent,” Sherlock weighed his words carefully, “that most people find… invasive.”
What he thought was a very nice flat on the outside turned out to be a rather run-down, shabby place on the inside. The carpet was thin, the rooms were cold, the lighting consisted of bare, exposed bulbs, and while he was sure some of the shoddy decor could be blamed on Sherlock, John couldn’t see this place looking terribly nice in any scenario without some significant renovations. Aside from the decor, Sherlock clearly hadn’t been a martyr blowing a mildly-untidy room out of proportion; the place was a disaster. Clothes littered the floor, newspapers and books took up nearly every surface in the room, and dirty mugs with dried-up tea bags still in them took up what little space was left. Another overflowing ashtray sat on a small table by the window, and underneath the windowsill, on a small floor stand, was a violin. John raised his eyebrows at the sight, because the instrument looked well cared-for; the strings were in-tact, the instrument was polished, with a light dusting of rosin powder on the strings, the wood beneath, and the widest part of the fingerboard to indicate recent use. He didn’t have to try very hard to imagine Sherlock wielding such a delicate instrument; the man likely took to music with the same nearly-frightening precision with which he approached a crime scene. John wondered what haunting melodies nimble fingers had manipulated out of the fine instrument, and decided he’d ask Sherlock about the hobby when next they spoke.
he stressed.
It didn’t occur to him that the man he’d spoken to earlier that same day, who’d seemed terrified for his life and hard-set on taking a holiday, was dead in the room they were walking into.
John Watson, who currently wore a concentrated furrow in his brow as he scrubbed vigorously at the spoon Sherlock had coated in honey and yoghurt not half an hour ago.
“Not a chance-” He stopped in his tracks, eyes opening a fraction wider as one of her green-clawed hands fisted the lapel of his blazer.
“Another drink?” John asked, backing away, and Sherlock was forced to drop his hands from the man’s jacket. When his vision somewhat cleared, he watched the blond moving towards the water cooler on the other side of the small room. When he’d gotten his bearings back enough to respond, he swallowed thickly and, deciding against nodding his head for fear he would upset his already precarious balance, opted for a verbal response.
” Sherlock bit out sardonically. “As if that’s some grandiose accomplishment. They’re imbeciles, the lot of them.”
he wants me to have a look,” Sherlock rejoined, feigning surprise with no small amount of sarcasm that had the corner of John’s lips quirking upward without permission.
With a small hum, Sherlock walked off, brushing past a clearly-pissed-off Sally, and John dutifully followed.
“How much longer are you going to be?” he asked as he came back to stand next to Mary before the mirror, turning to the side and admiring himself in his torn and dirty uniform.
The voice which sounded next was so unexpectedly close to where he and Sherlock were hiding that John actually jumped where he sat, his breath catching in his throat. “They’ll know we didn’t board the plane soon enough,” a second thick Russian accent drawled, heavy boots padding slowly across the concrete floor. They were getting closer to the side of the pallet stack he and Sherlock were pressed against, so John scooted towards Sherlock, and the detective followed suit, sliding as quietly as possible against the cold floor to the other side of the stack of wood – which was thankfully still facing away from the other men in the room. “Two tickets from Gatwick and a sighting near Heathrow is enough to confuse them for a day at most. They’ll find out we didn’t board the plane, and they’ll know we’re still here.” John’s heart was in his throat, but he let his breath out slowly through his nose when he heard the footsteps retreat in the direction they’d come.
“-Are we done here?” John’s interruption made the other man look up, anticipation on his face, but his voice came out in a quiet drawl.
“You’re sure?” John asked cautiously.
They reached the main road without incident and Sherlock utilised what John was irrevocably convinced were dark magic powers to hail a taxi almost immediately after they approached the kerb. Both men fell into comfortable, exhausted silence in the back seat of the cab, and sometime during the ride, Sherlock’s hand had found its way to John’s thigh just above his knee - an intimate touch, but lacking heat; it was more of a reaffirming gesture, and John indulged it happily by covering Sherlock’s larger hand with his own. And a few long moments later when Sherlock’s hand adjusted so that John’s fingers slipped between the gaps of the younger man’s thinner ones, John didn’t even try to hide his smile as he gazed out the window.
Pavel, still believing he had the upper hand, grinned fouly. “One more step and I’ll paint the wall with your partner’s brains,” he threatened, and then looked skyward with a ponderous look. “Well, actually, I will do it anyway. And then I will kill you. And I will enjoy it.” His evil smile returned. “It will be the last thing I do before going to prison, and I will
“Fantastic!” John exclaimed on a breath, and Sherlock turned towards him, almost looming over him, just a bit too close.
John gave a half shrug and a small smile. “Just happy to not be in said unfortunate circumstances. Tea?”
“And Victor was…?”
“Duty calls,” the man breathed as he swept across the room, donning his coat. His feet carried him quickly back to his desk to stuff his things into his pockets, and he opened the door to leave, before doing a double-take in John’s direction, halting in his tracks. “What are you doing?” he asked incredulously, as though John had done something horrid.
“Tattoo on his left ankle-” he barreled on quickly and dug out his mobile, tapping away and pulling up a photograph of a small design which he showed to both Greg and John “-a mark used like a brand to initiate and identify current and former members of the Worthington Bank Gang. This particular gang had a falling out back in the early nineties, something Blessington was likely involved in. He’s no longer affiliated, so of course he’d get a bit unsettled at the knowledge of gang activity in his neighbourhood. Hired help; John, you remember the Russians,” he said, and John nodded, remembering their run-in with one of them earlier that day. “They were here
There was a rustling of items and of feet, and in the brief pause in dialogue, John turned to Sherlock, easily catching the man’s attention.
Their footsteps slowed as they came to stand before the monument; there were a few people around, milling about, chatting near the railing at the edge of the pavement overlooking the river, pausing on their bikes to take in the sights, sitting on benches. Sherlock gazed up the short set of stairs to where a gilt-bronze statue immortalized Buddha.
The look on John’s face at the barrage of demands and questions would have been comical if Sherlock weren’t so determinedly focused on the task at hand. He struggled a moment to push himself to his knees on the mattress before he inelegantly clambered to the foot of the bed, since John seemed to be taking his sweet time to remove himself from Sherlock’s path.
“I really dislike parties,” Sherlock confirmed with an exhale and a nod once he’d swallowed. “And Irene has my cigarettes.”
A caption at the bottom of the screen introduced the man, reading “Gregory Lestrade - Head Detective Inspector at New Scotland Yard,” and sure enough, John recognised the man speaking into the microphones pointed at him from unseen sources as the man who had dragged Sherlock into his office two weeks ago. John sat back on his bed and watched.
“And what are you using?”
He laid down over the sheets, which he’d neatly made that morning whilst Sherlock had been in the shower, and closed his eyes. He’d thought it’d only been a moment, but the next thing he knew, Sherlock’s low voice was saying his name, and there was a gentle hand at his side.
“Portugal, of all places,” one of the Russians said. “Never did like Portugal.” The words were followed by a grunt as he presumably lifted something heavy.
One more gunshot rang out, startling John (though it missed him horribly), and he turned to find Kent a few paces closer, finger already depressing the trigger - but the gun clicked instead of firing a bullet, and for a brief moment where silence stretched between them, between Kent and himself, John didn’t know who was more surprised. But a split second later, Kent’s boot-laden foot lashed out and kicked roughly, hitting John square in the chest, sending the doctor sprawling onto his back with a loud
A huff of air in lieu of a laugh left Sherlock’s nose in a rush as he looked back down at the table in front of him. John walked past him to do something unseen in the sitting room/bedroom behind Sherlock’s back. “I believe I’m in the best hands, Doctor,” he murmured with a gentle smile, loud enough for John to hear, and he was met with a soft hum of acknowledgement.
“... Yes?”
be doing tonight than spending a few hours at the station,” he said, allusion heavy in his words and in the brief smirk he threw them.
“Go on,” he said, shooing John away, and John laughed as he opened the shower door to step out onto the bath mat that sat waiting on the floor.
piped up as the car pulled to a halt, not removing her eyes from her phone.
Keys, mobile, and wallet tucked in their respective pockets of John’s dark, well-fitted jeans and black Haversack jacket, John made ready to take his leave; but on the way out of the door, one foot over the threshold, he caught himself. As he turned his head, his eyes fixed on the single drawer in his bedside table, something in his stomach churning as he thought of what lie inside.
“Because, John. Think about it; who would take the time to go put their bag in the boot of their car, and then come inside and hang themselves? Not only that, but it would have had to have been premeditated, because
“Not in the police car. I’ll be right behind you.” Sherlock’s voice was casual, almost blasé.
“Can you really blame me?” John asked, and Sherlock huffed a short laugh and shook his head.
He was already dressed for the day, in a dark green jumper and his jeans, so it only took a minute more to get ready. He slipped on his trainers and watch before taking his jacket (now thankfully dry) from its place on the hooks by the door alongside Sherlock’s. Before he opened his door, he fingered Sherlock’s coat pockets for a set of keys, which he found with little effort, and put them in his jacket pocket to join his own. After one last check to be sure he had his wallet and mobile, he opened the door to his flat and turned the lock on the inside. “Alright, I’ll be back,” he called behind him. “Call me if you need anything, yeah?”
“John,” the young man greeted, looking absolutely haunting where he stood, cloaked in black, against the off-white brick wall of a closed sweets shop. “Do you always arrive to meetings early?” he quipped with a small smile, a burning cigarette held aloft in one pale hand.
At the same time, the boot of the trunk popped open, the little light on the interior of the space lighting up the area to reveal a duffle bag, and Sherlock approached it to unzip it. The rest of them - John, Greg, and the extra police officer - all gathered around to watch as Sherlock pulled out wadded up clothes, a fair amount of cash, a small cooler unit with insulin and syringes, a mobile phone, and, at the bottom of the suitcase, a gun, which he took out carefully and checked the safety on, before handing it over to the police officer. “He was leaving, Greg,” he said, staring Lestrade down. “On the run. He was leaving for his own protection against the very people who killed him.”
The sound of a gunshot filled the silence. There was a small burst of red, a flurry of motion, and the sound of a body crumpling to the ground before a single cry of pure agony rang with the gunshot in John's ears.
Sherlock just narrowed his eyes at the other man, his cheeks resolutely retaining their uncomfortable warmth.
“Sorry,” John breathed. He sounded anything but sorry.
“Well then it’s a damn good thing we’re leaving this shithole tonight then, innit?” An unfamiliar voice said, and the comment was followed by laughter.
“Oh, damn, I’m so sorry,” he began, already reaching for the door handle, because
to tell you that I have my bloody
(See the end of the chapter for
And on his way home, if he scanned the grounds of the medical centre a bit more than he usually did, part of him possibly hoping to catch a glimpse of a mop of unruly dark curls, he didn’t allow himself to ruminate on it much.
Anyway, enjoy this chapter; it's very plot-driven, and I tried to gloss over most of the tedious details to keep it from being monotonous. But I did drop a generous amount of fluff and a wee bit of smut in there to whet your appetites. Hope it satisfies.
The traffic was blissfully light for the hour, and John was soon dropped in front of a neat little row of flats near the British Museum.
“Just give it a chance, Sherlock,” the brunette woman sighed, her slim, bared shoulders slumping exaggeratedly. “Spend thirty minutes with me at this party. When that time is up, if you’re absolutely
“Should be fine. And I’ve got you with me. You could just carry me if I collapse.” The small grin that crossed his features did not go unnoticed by John; he snorted dubiously.
and you’re opting to fixate on whether or not I’m attracted to you?” Sherlock asked, aiming for incredulous, but failing to keep the smile out of his voice.
Baffled, Sherlock’s cheeks heated up, and he tried to convince himself that it was from the beginnings of withdrawal rather than anticipation at the implication of staying here for another night - or two. “But- you have work.” Surely that was a valid reason.
didn’t have you under his fat thumb,” the younger man spat out, his posh accent and rumbling baritone a stark contrast to the voice of the other man. The elder of the two sighed heavily, eyes pinching shut, and his mouth opened to retort, but John acted quickly.
At that, the doctor cast his detective a withering look. “It’s
John opened his mouth to speak, but caught himself as the statement registered, and he just looked at Sherlock, the realisation of just what that meant blooming in his head. Apparently, his epiphany registered on his face as well, because Sherlock did a double-take when he looked back at him, and then shot John a withering glare.
Thank you so much again for clicking your way here. I hope you all had a FABULOUS Halloween. I spent mine writing Johnlock smut, so I know I enjoyed mine.
a bit warm, as well. Not quite a fever, but definitely warm.”
from the car was sauntering towards him, her obnoxiously high heels clacking against the smooth concrete floor and reverberating off of the metal walls to fill the space with sound.
John, for his part, pouted and slumped in his seat, afraid to let his chin drop from its elevated position, lest he disturb what little substance had been smeared on his neck. “Alright, fine,” he reluctantly acquiesced, and focused his eyes on a paint chip on the wall of Mary’s dorm room above her vanity as she grinned triumphantly, leaned forward, and slathered another spoonful of liquid latex across John’s trachea.
It was brief; hardly a magical moment like in the films, where fireworks go off in the distance while a ninety-piece orchestra swells to a climactic fortissimo; there were no sighs of passion or declarations. What there
John watched as the man turned away, flipping his umbrella merrily beside him as he retreated, his free hand tucked into his trouser pocket. The doctor let out a breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding, and looked down at his left hand. The mysterious man’s words echoed in his skull, but it morphed into the sounds echoing around the warehouse, and he turned around to find the source -
“Aren’t you worried about anyone seeing us?” he asked in a stage whisper as he hurried to walk alongside the detective once more, noting how Sherlock’s eyes scanned only the area ahead of them as the ground they walked on turned from dirt to gravel. John’s eyes, in contrast, scanned the lamp-lit path that was steadily receding behind them.
“Brilliant,” John murmured, feeling more annoyed than threatened by this point, and decided to stay quiet for the rest of this little excursion.
I don’t need to be blushing like a fucking schoolgirl talking to a lad she fancies.”
All that being said, I'd like to thank those of you who reached out, as well as thank everyone who has clicked their way to this (not-so-little) drabble of mine that started as a whim and turned into something I've loved producing every step of the way. Every kudos, every comment, every visitor to this work, has made everything more worthwhile than I could imagine. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
In response, the girl only nodded, her lips pursed, and continued clacking away at her keyboard, eyes locking back onto the computer monitor in front of her. John took that as a dismissal and nodded to himself as he made his way back into his humble office space, leaving the door slightly ajar behind him.
“There wasn’t any bag.”
It wasn’t uncommon for John to wake up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat. The doctor would be lucky to go two nights in a row without incident; it seemed to happen nearly every night of the week.
Pavel huffed a laugh. “Well, he’s shared our location. This Gregory Lestrade of New Scotland Yard… he said he’ll be here in about five minutes." He feigned a look of distress in the direction of the other men in the room before he gave an oily grin and tossed Sherlock's mobile away to clatter noisily against the concrete floor. "Too bad we’ll be gone,” he said, and the men laughed darkly.
[Set: general, somewhere between 3th and 4th series.
“Did you want to make fun of him? Lie to him?”
You know in your dreams.
He got under your skin, without you noticing.
“How is domestic life, little brother?” he asks instead.
"So, why do you call him that?"
" he adds pointedly.
“This is rubbish”.
"Yeah, I understood that. But
Disclaimer: Sherlock Holmes and his universe don't belong to me. Sherlock is own by BBC, Holmes by sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who apparently hated so much his creature to want to give him to the world... and the world is grateful for it.
This has become longer and more angst than expected, sorry.
John laughs: "Did he break your balloon? Or cheat at board games?"
Sherlock sips his water and doesn’t answer.
Flash-fic: 739 words
"He always wants to control me".
(See the end of the chapter for
Quote: The Rembrandts, I'll be there for you
She smiled and whispered “It’s a secret, but I’ll tell you”.
Set in the bit they first arrive in the bank.
Maybe you realized it while you were far from London, far from him.
"She said she was refreshing a bit. And then, she thought it wasn’t working for her".
Set: 1x02
It refers to John's blog. What Mycroft says is a direct quote, and it's there that John writes how Sherlock has "rejected" the diamond case. The rest is seen in the episode. Go read the blog, if you've never done it!
I noticed, in
Mycroft continues in a gentler way: “I’m sorry, Sherlock, but this is the truth. He
“You’re living with him, giving him your money to shop, eating together, and asking for his help with your ridiculous job. But you didn’t tell him this. I wonder why”.
"But you were kids. And he’s your brother!"
Sherlock’s eyes sparkle towards his brother.
Quote: L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock/Molly relationship.
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
They’re having Chinese, in the corner restaurant. He wants to show off and guess the fortune cookies, but John is still eating.
"Sherlock!" John shouts, "It’s ten minutes I’m calling you".
Sherlock moans: "You too".
Sherlock sighs: “You
"He was a bully".
“We are flatmates, that’s all of it”, he hisses between his teeth.
" he answers, putting a spring roll in his mouth.
“The Jaria diamond, it’s where you had deduced it’d be”.
Sherlock just raises an eyebrow. He has no intention of staying here longer than necessary.
“You didn’t involve him in the Indians case”.
Mycroft nods: “Yes, you can now. But what will happen when he has made himself indispensable to you... and then leaves you?”
“Thus, what is the reason, Sherlock?”
John smiles.
Doesn’t mean anything.
*«You change your hair. It’s good, it… suits you better this way»: this is a quote from Sherlock in the 1x02.
“Colleague”, he states.
Yet, now I can tell to that kid: “It took a while, but I think I found someone special. To me”.
The Diogenes Club is as silent and boring as a grey Sunday afternoon.
Quote: Billy Joel, A Matter of Trust
Sherlock sets his jaw: “That’s none of your business”.
Sherlock/Mycroft relationship.
Or maybe you didn’t know before your suicide.
Quote: Ellie Goulding, Anything Could Happen
(See the end of the chapter for
"Your point is?" He asks, with a hand gesture.
Then, he became part of the work.
for the help! :)
John gives you a strange glance at that.
“I know everything”.
(See the end of the chapter for
Colleagues it’s more than enough.
"She didn’t ever say anything".
Without your brilliant brain has planning it.
Mycroft crosses his legs with a smirk.
Colleagues is fine.
When I was a kid, I asked my mother what was a friend.
Hope you like it!
, what did he do?"
Then he swallows and runs away.
That’s better, in fact.
"What about her?"
"You can’t see people’s feelings, John", he states.
He shrugs: "He was a bad big brother".
He stares for a second at the point where his brother's hand is joined to his one in a light touch.
“What?” He snaps.
The gif is from the Unaired Pilot as well. I choose it because it was so funny (how young and lovely was Benedict here?!), and as an Easter Egg, considering what it means "to have dinner" in this show... here but moreover in the 2x01, with The Woman.
Mycroft tends towards him, offering a brush on his hand, dropped along his body.
"Even emotion? Human emotions, that is".
You said
Set: 1x02
This bit comes from an interview to Mark Gatiss in which he told the relationship between the two brothers is based on the one with his own brother. He said his brother bullied him, and even beat him. I don't think Mycroft would ever be that physical, but I think he did some damages to Sherlock. Yes, he was young and probably had his problems too, but... anyhow, that's why. At least in the beginning, for Sherlock.
“Of course you are”.
what flirting is".
I miss them soooo much.
to be friends, right?
“He won’t leave me,” he answers automatically.
"Mh".
It means you have a formal relationship. It means you don’t have to show any care for him, any more interest than strictly necessary.
They’re in the kitchen, John is having a cup of tea, while Sherlock is bent over the microscope, examining God only knows what.
Mycroft raises his eyebrows, speaking with a subtle hint: “And how do you know?”
You two live together, you’re flatmates.
he flirts with her just to make her do what he wants.
call me to question my private life”.
“I don’t know why, Mycroft. Do you?” he jokes, trying to regain control.
Sebastian sits in his armchair, and you and John take seats in front of him.
“You're becoming fond of him,” he states, “And a part of you knows how dangerous it is. You know you can’t trust him”.
Flash-fic: 183 words
During the dinner at Angelo's, if you are interested. But it was too good to be left behind.
“One more reason to send him. You never meet me if not strictly necessary”.
Molly’s feelings", he says with a smirk. It’s said as a statement, but he’s actually asking.
Please please please, let me know what you think about it! :)
It doesn’t mean John doesn’t want to be your friend. Not at all.
Flash-fic: 380 words
Mycroft takes a few seconds to settle better in the armchair. Deliberately.
, Sherlock thinks,
(See the end of the chapter for
"She was flirting", John tilts his head, "With
Thus, colleagues.
Mycroft sighs, yet does not comment.
Pleeeeease I'd really like to know your thoughts about it!
